THI1 C,.AItS, CUII)tNAT'IO.. At ',,n th, mtrei, f the 27th .laythe ipugu'a hiue .f the ii ge ilieezt .eremi.nie Uttellndapt .pi,, thl ,rc.iei' n of th, Itepe,,ruo r cii E]p;Iu.?e It iAl. Ihe U?,shi. s wu l s l nIi iiiii ucuval Ic 2.1 cvil" yI tile ; i' i lir' i: A ,f hminutu l d f if, l ni. Il uy tlh the umler if :'tili.'ry. lven ,t thiso early hour ihei ireet. w:ir th i,, itni tu vi'p vi c'it' fromi:igi .iul niuiut i'ml Utlhr p cl·l' the Lmpri: c:rowli. ; tlthe Isihlll.t a l all tlrivhiy ; t,, tin.! c.li.ihle+ Ipl:v,:_. . fi'rm w li b tl vi,.w th+e l11.:.:+;,i +?sion au a chl p; 'tr+oI' t',e{ t.eralnonl ns ti; h. LrftiCialy-fa.ivouil miiht lie .,12 ti 11.it1 ill 'tlu hll.u'])'-f.?v, Irt',l II.{,,.,.h+.( I ll: iI U] LII·:( \'.lt.Jlt?.? :~lls'i l?~ LI ? ¢c·ri lu!.' Tll I.· Il:Ltj I'?, \'?'.'1+¢ 1 11·' II'I il.[:t]?'it? hnxet cihig.iterunif Sh.leiwuv.o S' iv, edpt theIll Iwichof the city.y uiiiiiihe ctieetlii. i ryui.hctuuiilui:ii'aracie, Iltuit hullius ie1if ihluiucr, lhlirthy hufoecl i, rilcel sLti ticcl dlollg the Iiv ti . f the: !oI.CuPiiill. lull' flut milcei.in l icvullll oCcpdlii., the:Sree.(.i i<t htiiter sidlle, I;ilig tlihe iil.lite oii tih, icil.s. .Ali ulnre SetiUi naycec iin the tectres niere ye..1iily lilled by tihe eagir siglitseeiri. himi tile wilidowi., mieummava, allll ilulleli-toep w·elr let out at f?llhuloui plices to visitors. Thosle dipmita~ies of time Irelue wlio were to take part in the actua ceremony assembleod ae, cording to the prearranged programme at theCathle dral of the Holy Assumeption, within the willes of thle Kirellin. Thesec flunctiiiaries entered the nlag nileent bauilding at frst 73;10 a.m., and about S there followed in order the plrioces of foreigi Goveonmcuts, the nobility of iusasia and othler lStateS of Europe, and the special and regular Aielassadoois of foreign countries residing iu Russioe. Tie utulost care was exercised to pmrevent the admission of any nautlhorised or improper persoln, each iedividuiloae hbe appeared at the entrancc being made to exhibit a carefully.prepared ticket, whichl was subjected to the closeat scrutiny. This forno was observed, too, at tihe wall of the IKremlin a0( the ,leers of tie cathedral. At the request of General \'ou Schweioita, Am bassador froel Gernlauy, the eighlty ielllbera conln prisieg the diplomlatic corps aaseiblledat Iia mOlnas.ion, snd were coa-eyed thence to the I.remlin io superlbly. equipped coaches, richly gilded ac to theirh'harnc sa dl ecoats of armns. The remainder ol thle diplomatic htddy, consisting of the attachelis of the rarious legs tions, were asigoed positions in tile tribune, just oie silde the cathedal proper, but inlside the iiclosurc of the Kremlia. When the white waall of tiect wondrous place ineloeud all of the crowd tlhat ceald he adllitteld, the choir of hoys chanted tii TCe Deol, andi amild profound silence, outside the culrch as werl as in it, the clergy, nocolpalnied by acolytes ?earinog the cross alnd cwer of holy water, proceeded to receive tile Czarovitch. This sciol of royalty, lwho was in thie nlmidst of a Ibrilliant' coridge, took hIis place at the right cool.of the throne. When the Iflperial procession started it oras mide known to those inside the clthedlal by the reneweri ringing of bells, bly sonoro us uic tlromn scores of bands, and by the shouts of those outside. As the royal pair iappelared at the deoor of tihe palace tile iunmcese muiltitude immecdi;tately ucovered their hlicls and burst into lond acclamations ; even women were there, and tile enthlusia s wars uponelteaeous ai d hearty. At the leld of thCe royal processiOnl, which now catered tihe Kremlin, was the amllsterl of cele iloniesa, flainkedi hli; leidile richlly cladI and loulted uponp pure white horses. It was of inllucuse lengtlh aud clmipeised deiputies frol thile Asiatic Sltes of the enlpire, studllets of the Uliiver?ity, the clergy, iand judges, the noalility alnd prafects frIol every s?c tioni of the empire. \W'hee its frout raulhs reached the ldoor of the ipalace it waos met'by tile Elliperoir, wearingi tlhe whlite uiiforil of a colonel of the illiperal unard, ai the rs, 0 i dressed in the ]Lusiacl costulie of black velret, richlly elilllroileicd with dioia'ioids' and girdled withl ia iagiiilice:it belt o4 p.'cisos stones. The Ellpress lea- led all the arlc of her royal consort. i he 'fl pair placed theoiselve Icineath a canopy, richly wrrought in silk and gold, Sili lIurlle by thirity- two, genllerals of higih slihtalry rasnk. 'They tlhei took their place near the lhead of thie procession, bcilg diirectly after the regdia. At this iioeiit the entire body of clergy elcergecd from the catlhedrolin oeder to lleit the regalia, whichl they pulilicly sprinlao d with holy ?alter sa1d perfumedl writh icense. Upon ellntclring tlheC portals of tlhe catheldral, thie Elppror aid IEmpress were reecei ril 1y thire .ietrpoiltanluof Meoscow, the Mctropvlit.csof Nov gored anld iKief1 who plreoclted to them the cross to be kissed, alid sprinkled theoa with holy water, firslt the Eilperor and thce thle Emipress. liefoic the slacred imllages, whih ilauked tlhe doors cf tihe catlhedral, they knelt and borwed their iheadsl nftr whichl they were coaducted to tile ancluieit tlhrollncs of irory and silver. Alexandcr noecupolied the hi~itric, tlurone of thle Czar \laclimicir MLionioagere, whlile the Eccipress was eated ill a? ari.ochair gilde ld n rl cruetcil evitll jewcls. Thie thlreacl were placed o a idais clrected between thie two miiddle columnus of tie catlchedil, anil over tile dais was a caue,-liy of soarlct velvet, buspeUloed fromi the arched roof, emnbnreidered witLh gold and lined with silver brocade whiclh was worked with tihe arllls of l.ussia acli all liher dpclodlencies in the most in-enious i allnecer. In flrolt of the tlhrouo wele two toles covered clith gold cloth, uipon wihich were placed tile crrowls, orb, and sceptre. 'None bullt foreign prilnces were accoiooodalted with seats. The'ltussian lirinces and dignitalics stood duriug thile estire cerlllony. Accolrdig to the custnm of tlhe (hreek Churchll, the digolitai-ies of tile re.lnl, wilo csrricdl the standoard ald scals of tihe emplile, topk their stanld upon the steps of the deio.- After their Majesties had been scated., the illetropoliteo of hoa gored asked the Emperor in a loud 'and dthidut tone of voice-"Are yello a true behliever?"!' -L-he EIc peror, fclling.ou his knees, a i 'r i reply, aud iu a clear voice the Lol'd's Prayer aud.t he Apostles' Creed of thle Greek Church. The MIetropolitan. lde sponling, said: " May tlhid Grce of the f.o y Ghost remcain with thee.,'" adll desccuded ffoIu thLe hles. After reading selections fRiner the dbosiel. the Metropolitaus of hmo'go-'od anl Kinff again aseneudd tile dais.and investedl tihe Emperor writlr tle isiperial imalitle of erimne, the Metvopolitn.of Mocow sayilg, at the smue time, "Cover aonl protect thy people ;is this robe protects and co\ve-s thee." Th'le slsmisCIr responded, "I will, I will, I will, GoDl helpieg" The' Metropolitan of Novgorodl, cross'tig h'is Ihsla io; the headt of the Emperor, then insvbkeslthlslenedic tion of Alnighty God uponi his sid his reign, ansl delivered to Alexander Ill. the clrown of lIusisi. which lie placed on his otin head, au.eni,ssdiiug thm sceptre ai orb, Ie teook is seatGiuponi tIe throeiiC. lie then sretlllriiel the ilsigiia of hisi title to thle dlignitaieva appointed to reeive lshell, anl caloedsthe Elnpiress, whlo knelt before him. Hi e -totecLhied her. heaed lightly with his croar, and then foruamly c-sowned hler witli her own crowa . The cxpre.issJi anId attitude of the nEmpress asi mhe lunlt wa lone of symspathly with her royal husbansa and n toaicied deeply the aunlincce. ahe C0.ar prfesersed tll:YgIh out a grave osand deoroua dlignity nod nobleness of demeanour, which also l irv Ohkid the admiration of all. After the lElmprens hiad been been:l duly invested with tihe Imllperial niftle, iand tlheir Majastiea wiere both eseated oi their tlhrones, tihiea'heaca iJntosed tm Inlporaeal titles an:l sapg ""Domiuna Salr.?hand ae Ielsperatoreln," which as sltakc up nud'thrice rc peatel lhy the Lhoir. Directly thin part o' the care noony was liisalhed thl bello in all the: uhurcheos of S-'oril ri ,ist iu enlo'is, Ia caltCe of 101 guns wsis i. and ,snide the cathedral th. mesmiers of the Isp;e:rial iao.ily tesildetrel their eoungrtaulstinso s to r sair MHajesties. iThe i mlpe aror .toi kn:l.elt sml re cited a prayer, at tlhe cu:1 of wich tie clergy andil alt kinelt heforle tihe 1It'peror. The Diahop l MoS-i cow s'aid ahlu,. il bhalf of Uhe Isl.istsi, ni iies?rnt prayer fis" Use happipnss of their s sleje.ties. ,Shousto of " Long live tse l'iperor " iht ren; tt e ceathe .il, and were: tahis n; iy s t thelhasandse ots+,lsieasl s:::rie tl flomlll llol ji to nlsllllllllh i til t Ih ).I.LtO I 1o hlb multitudle iwhic.i was uI:lale ti get in.siiIU asen the aisle snolisege i ele lisn.siliss oigit the . -ieis. whiiih i ,nva'lei in a hlge g oulsle ot siali gc:.atiatiUes to the remotnet ?auts of the uite, wnlie it wa-s speedily imdlec I;li?lw:l is all the worMl tht aolu the?r Uctsr of the l?isi-is .iol Insein s'0?anes The cathedrlni coiiir luu aanlg ia 'Ie )sulr, after which the ]simparor uasgirte-l hsis neil anids. ne cns.snside by tin Emipresspe asi ounerouvs din.-nisan,,ie proceedne to thiUe g,,te 'if tlh o.usstuery. Tilo?m t lhe Metrispelitei ,ss IN ,r,,es ,I it.i the Ispr'roa" foicselul, ogelidls. isitc"il ant li '-, iars and .lireat. se .hensi, at the onus c tim ,.:o:se ..g : '" l, the seal of the Jl;ly :hilnt. fiay in i.cl thIse cver holy. 'Uhse htiiisesi-. wes ssaunssistei nilt i Ih' fr el hsani. ]Lith inurtosln of t-he sa uninssi'. s? n isttl . lhess l It use tliait.iral. sensinislg tht.ei'rliwasoils d o s-siinsoe'. Ii higianeror also seca-in the e:ceptre tnc oub. Af'er prayihg in the faslschidral ,if .'lil the is'saigel. tilrir Al.ij.stics rstueICIl to tthe idlmc, a .nsor.-.-I siy the plrocssess?ais , whioss ipils',n-slttes -in -, . iid sight thao that which esa'rtesl t-iem so tmie s --si', h.'higl;lldily, ll~ [;ltc~l hy!~ ill. ?,,.< lil" ?II:!Ile 1..)"II~~ ti.l:e liingnoasni-eni~ut..h dby ciii8ar of shle ]nmaup'ial faInily, li-ii--ns sia's-d feco-i asi lillnta in t ihe Kruslinad te i whot- i il lr Il of the prllol'o si:i f'a.li'ly glo;w dI wlh bIn' (1 t I ;',l: s rlc.# andI lreJ c?seilll'itel il tallrla , fins s'llle's illlc j t-le l I Imeag tisioc. flsiss-nlnssed-s-n - T i:; c l tiei 1 thacc:ed the pev , -s ,' i-nio ,."ns-s sienn a tiedr he.ad<, eh+.+,ill3 enthtl:l :atte,, l-- .,:.mi '.!c++in t!:e ]Brf re t lwir ciij sic I1ii th p1 :. !i, 'ou 1.:1 wasup~linll;Id l i:h hIl wt" erL:. A he:+vyulins tull I tilre th sic" 1aj, tics stinrti ,t, hi .i nst ay s hsn- Ii uhnne cliu.i tl e - .*:Dpy Tim .1 hone heillia'.nly, In thle ent~ rtll.i. :t \tu, .,i".' 6 hat I 1i1sI f he (is-n I lt- a ,']" :. t t I l r : i weiesion is.-- ormils i etc8 b . C sc.issl- Au bai'. ' lt,+ilcllil. 1'l";s + a }l'ci - i~ii . l us. iyi -;ilI' a ,i't Itujilhil . A\\. I,. re' i'ui l Ju !l?]in'j t::U iil,? ':..? l i, f hsit i si : :, "Is ", w e. . 4.? i o . T.; d eli n'r : r b in a l l. n.sir . Ili::s, , - ,' p st l, .,sehu r. .n' I, :?l 'si s-l i . th t i- ; - n : a . peac ' 0',i!? lla nk ed t) l l .:', d .. :l l .ll 0 M,,:i1 , th : I Di : .l;l eeetibe lsrhdatiisssi ins--l 1001 i'cn-c iisi. ii~ic+'. lh;is- ."isi .. l, s ?s ir ,th:s. al ssiioi-lsi-ssie sssileis hhcn--l-iasuilses wIl ,urinn the h- t b-st ,f 'ie Is s, iriys fr the (w." A s'o nhr-ea snt. woso?' ii e'i?. : A mode macn:il tel 5i'g th.e -Is-s thisti -ti-is . :iy. t. a s-sec iche clis aigsoteadu f si .Majesties. roi's',l' s s 'lrcl ,e .t . s u ?s t s I . .s inlg anhd splcnidi~ he had tevr +-Ien.l Tlr e-t' ni of tei ou'tiii iss n ..;:'' at S2,0 3sfi00, which wil1 le' cio;irsel hy as s.nss -! "iaoui'y Iills. Osile tshsihtien siss is- r vs r.r-esaisl esn siere allowes isoish she eathl,,l-il dii'ing the tcelresmoisy-n'is Russian and scion Inorigni, the latter iWthditogroce Englinh*and one.Amerieawrese o nd eit. An academuy professor and twelve artists have li)een appointed to make a complete album of tile vcerteat of the corouation. The Ireinlin sclqfare'was so dcnsely packed that it wold Iave beeu ilnpossible for any miscreant to have extricated his arnnnahould he ihane intended to use themn against the Czar. 'lhe Tiwrs correspendent, ti?e only Englia-lows. iapot represented in the cathedral, says the ieremony was "' so granud andti imposing that my pen can give only a dite and impernfetumpression'o f the'rent" T'le illntumiation to-night in _oaguilicent, and the city looks one maus of variegatedfire. I)eicrilcing the illumiUationts, the correspondent of the DaIln. t re, wtitcs :--Thousands of fire-flies were clamberincg in thle dluskoverwall and g ??a, pinenale and spire. The countless co)oareFlboo wickis Ihare beenr coonnected with'aieek trlireads'luet itg,.oupt, or initials, garlands, or mottoes i -tmflite, and Hoon the detailk of everytdwer, every cupola, atl ccery crenelated roof staend out, lepitejiaacur ately agetinst tlie' dark blu"e iky. h6u?' qn?o"er .'oaltialne's drtttt. Sdlden from .u't'ithbteity eprtcg t light thatmnmale, tho' cotli groy w rod, and llare tlhatt eae with qui??eting tongnuelickedthe highl domles. anti overheadl c o, atong tla sea luigty?l.were aid fatt i. t'roppid hire.. -As yet oiily the iwmkling lamps of every hiue aketcheIl ott the details of tle at;ltiteet. Now huge electric sons of 40,000 candle power hblanee hiigh in hdir. Tratsptdie~ltiaall like tatccers froit thie dented walls;·aii'Ce witl dragon., ,ockatrices. and egles of hieraldiebirth. Thetowera of Iran Veliki tand the aidjnauet' eiisbis glow sand denly till theinlaetdesoeut temlplelills the surrounding atmospheriem with gold. The palacea oQfardacapalta or the cities of Atalantis coultd never hrave glistened in a sun lik this. Not only thb outside,&O;#) every toeer, every pyramid seeans to glow hot with innler file. CoveS of glowing carbuncie, blu?grott.rand bronze red alcoves hnultiply likemagic neenelAlJer. ever int outlet or 0pening giresachaunuelo 1lddiu's jewelled forests are lilld- witht'ceix'sefnla'or?r shipperos, tal I'erevian Incas haveabn rzgbhtellaeir geldlen nus antd eagtic altaor..while?t tasit?sh of translucent pearl ant eneralad nanke nd whel. sleln antlpillarp , intoe sikling au uov orna ttttttnt. Thte very Mbalat ripple liv "dhlectutd brtoees, greentnha gohl,'4dilb it¢yedtiihts seem to glide hietwee Its itwaves. A s:tihe rnazling anns tlig their light, hisow on palace, inuenuW or imonu atent, ghostly iomages 6f phanfltim 6ttliftes, pallid tiqhttori'e otf 'etchiteet't fofercct'brailf flash into betng with a bIright' blue flicker,uand fafiec suddeny away. udoltenly a gieat ejt of eateitalishes 80ft. into'the air, to be oughlt Ihy rimaniicni'te or dashed iota diamond spray by the a~cias d·f'lbetriet fires. \Visions of role.tnoes when Potnpeiiglowvedwith molten lava, cmemtories of icobegs glitterinug 'ith tlhe aurora's shlcee, rias around us. Nowthe.fountaitns' feathery colusmts, iow tihe rolling clouds ofapourplay in the raiubowseof violet ndtlorange whliich, :.gjous arta licer hlevee cunningily oreatod.K aTb "gBii-~'m plain tn?ittereof-flct itdea of thd escen?e.,ppne you eur round the Ileoses of Parttlantet ivith hlpa t, put ou the roof every miosque you lnuo ~ ?--jheTaj Iehal Seaitt ,Siphia, the Giridr at erwilecvoyel e i pago.lis, a' fee: temtfles frdem Japhnc; . k aceme ilettsittian ptytattide, and a idgen'diiiieiti-i' Trei Thibiet lix o.-, withilti ~4midB~iuud every salient point. by omte irtagic powerp, the bestof 8 d'im's ainphtcysclighttpt theatiasiihelr'ib tPit tllil fires of c?try Iue, taddedtno4003inOcndesn Ft isnd sixa-teen Siemernsc nsi l'mif h fl; y e i Ie?l i l in Inirfect tarmtotty, Ecintillatleg, epialtkftndtuh'aas. ettieg' you null sll clii Ito fkirolff the acniefnltaotr of this itot imarvellous cxhibitin. T£l~b' dtZ of sithts"eerc hlocked oup cery a f 'ifrat, and square, uitt isnothing likte ihtpatiencei! ill-tomper, or tukind. aceso evee moude its appeatruce. eIrArsidll'Hllady-y loot shoutud turnthe till,thy -cntld Ilioutc no m6aire: lut lNic~holas. ookijt op, and ola.thed utight they wcre still shotutig iii their dlelgttedltinthusiasm.. Alose of. dll thie magit w'onders Itv·VuaI4rant inu tie tl"dakceso lenine sple supvoatiP rei jid light. oitine soothletectecity diane netey ,yq]joiuu d o geyeeate'w splunoenelaa. aeh oect :i uII A Parliaminrtaly return of thie enumber of agrarian outrage-did r Ieltord 3iiinl tr~nino?l?liT~f Apvlplacne thle total at seventy three. Of three thirty-two'were thr-ateniug latter n'had s ointimidation by other means ;fourtemws'TrM iendiadrrytrfl?talflditAllng ecttle; terntiarjiririg. raipe-tiy tttleveo firing intto dawllise; onle ferannierln ares; ono rob ;ry;onue ki'i.ig-fot?ihbljinnsnsieii;ir OmtlmbitsribJot dffenees agailst the pferon a-there was only one, rnd that are aggravatetllisariut.. i `TO The elagoe.;eowers e oneesn farrjnoyed a cmost f as'oucra dh 'cand ' feaye tli t o2?a i 'ieeo eeir h r re $eloni de of the 12t.l -lhsinotant).. A. an i itpvrai fitbe; 8at? systeri, colnbiee) l wthb f~irvoamble weather, preth1C ,the ,any of smail grocersolne ro-r I n eeYumiopu l bo*. #r. . lhETirriniibflenadeberb:~n hanceerver freoflle lliqain - reianery £1L2S3 for the produc Of fifte~uen acres of cne. T te petreprte t tperp sgutle pr fqH een verylow, .hoto-n repti'pats OiV ee id ee"ging tie c;?l.-at i tire innrer?on loeal plhfnatious. The LegislativeclConaucil ofufSuitlii| alntI have dracired-- " That ieboQueelolall Govermenet be rse. qus rl' by wire to fouruish particulacs regrding arirary aot road brildge orier-th0re L4 jip pear Iinawieh ter-nirerr'no iollowaer ,-.--c , rj ofgredten. 2\. ]ear'trh of fridrge. 3. Mvereaodepthef cyliner rlowa riverhctee.. 4. Niretv-e -beftqo , wo hich cylier.rra rant i-. ' r.. ? oii rn' tor'e bridge. h.. cot-el. rart- yOuttedl Idp. j mp-errnot areder cirtrictr S. What is estimated to carry,"; .: , -. At acclident eceereil it the hend of the line re euetly <eayse tlhe ilf rePterne Sar)i ; i mrstl?t we tare gat er it appenr - tlhan at at nx-' e'eloelok a reliant tereel re proeeedingc gte i liine tern tree knee fcrert ofn-the ngen;-anersn. aroielnie nrrlen tee ci~reuratae)ne ,e of • urt of tl'.I "?ruck.s 'aaddeUly,_bi'okn. . <amn the htewerle rierlroeely irvh Trfj ewi eraer slctras ~are or-ereesfy ieijn3-ed onelrrgri fo?t crushd eme t!e otlier Ieis righel tege t anthr was s!ightly ijurejle . Tihe tewoe )eniously in. ja-:ed arre raknowe as Toleen a dCampell, andl they were imecdiirrcly rrouglet to.to;4orj:v to tie hoppica). nwhrlee Dr Cupmndr te4e It eaia fouelrr-ceseaar tp thee ee.e tire. rn-ct freet ref .tir rer crhreu i h s fes1 Tjeie wans an e. .s? id y a e ro arlia etfely the , ,aep£ i((ge.. \- "a"ter in r CariOtlel. (Ce ,elerte ri-'ht lee is sary. l h' ,ll;" R'',hel llvlo the knee I~.I1~~Vj~t~O.im tadi} rn~l Afertalla.rientoeeourrednornl.eed d dayafateiawp.st (iaesthe n'oowoomernre C/roc -ehdnof rf.pat iya eg -:-ce-k t:, e . a'erph Le;e?LrV , ar eereinlelleef ?.sn Sellt heal-t There cireuetreancasanttei ellfcIhel?tl" 'caett act eleant ai a'd clak ',itlr t'le hrm ailnd sIn?y s :by!,' in a lo'id.6f wod :fl'on I'he'p'.?dd t :I.less tre l bf-r-arorie theeiiopleii,-r1dden laiiii4l e : e.I r eav r 'e re r f ati , bu e, o n iira l i it'id? r i t l ? .t e:r. I ? ft lit el- ? feel r-ot'eitn t les al lo?ine of tie v. l: .., y ,jlservecr the hierivrl ediSrnift l lel albhly enor rh ju ua lirthea fence.. ro efurlthere enatice was t rtfrerta? of lilu thect;lnrloulr ernlldit -Yci, rnot er ftLil t e.r-i -I n ei.'le saee.rroee'l callad for Loverlay. tehet hi w;a Ioeua L e o In,.irl.niene .T l'fio.?x:ted anexi.rs fet(**r, elr-r at oanC al hairdor8e trnlv'eld rraflleleo ccih fear te. rereiSri . a Ie. er rea ioaheriwtole f Irr.i andl: trgl : earrlh nse.a eaale ali tlhrLUlerllng, na..'e.e ,?l cest with li.hts aftirt thie rrrnreielwlmt ire- tie uei.le.rgh-. i o eitaa cetf:.eoor Lonedayr?e?we a r:'ell. nr ctercerrniene, eatidayligiht l .lfeihlfei bily wa forl ,ly a fru-heel yerad aenemy -"rm.;&he; h ruse,in tlhe ihela lying ?'asnca the ehOerl mIa.klbhor-e -:c-hl r'i l Id ,,lo.. It wcea ... .."isennl .tllatlt e.'(1 le ,tee.l re flee t.tire? LIu d" whea thie hofame wser c ertli -,i -t neeruthirrg, ea-f tihat, ia teieroearrnirg te S , 1 e i rr t e n e r i r adn' ne v e % *f'1 e a .irti re r i f'a g u ~l d o l ie ,re- teep clere) rd -tre frilnal eirrlit jcrntnire agtreirr'l g ,',:tt d ,l. o I!oo fd ha t s flow edt fero ':lii ie ars. a cnd e h1 t3 cvdently b:?n hilleld ilIotelr sh jlutalllltu:l ly w';: lt a ! e-l'g le. IJl;{ lig 'was "picked upl bouae ta. rt yn- ar 01 f- r'r away, on gleelire of the track. Lrev'cnay ! c bee treve ye ran i-i g~1parrgiypt ,f Mr. Cacwell, :-nre 'era a 'raost rercuintn"ons anl herr'" bro'.her kee- s the l r o rsr lre erotl, ear erre te- er .e!: -crlf-lI; e.~P L ttmynfyolla I)I11 t Ic, ai rt.vl l , j t it eny.. .iel u-se /! ,,".r a Ia P, .-.' l l. tr sitions from hent t, rlll. ofrri e inal.n wutt h rei. oa f prer hart t ?l , rit':? l I' " -' ert evel o e t of ermr aedr rleAl.i \- 'eerie h c cc err cecee-c eec-1rraner fee ,ieekelrietCre ru, - -e ecclrtirec ret in v i thee pterifs' _n ,, .. , ., I." I.di{,'" :,'vi st'engthei, g l {( il s. T'is well -'v-rnI6:.5< e--I c-merr' fcir-i J inn acali :1 ] y ol raer--r, i [w lmt ervery ,onC it e'io8 v' , wh:v]' :afly.rlV ,.liecate, nvrpiy1 ,changc lbr di..tf- i- e e v tor e c : rn .. e . -cre, .a li o -tre ally-rve novee • .y w fi :.-icelc ent fecfieta may- have ir ci" rr J' fee cvree,:iti ,:-er of the vc'ntew.'e rrerardeiurriu rieacr. e , su crc as a-reein-lie.?tt,1 Ir- e..enatlly.cietieeineri . anc rvc tlec 'e.ess, ifrcltrw ay'n Pill - w il-lpr.en e tre.:i alliv nervi iailce i r I.gettic g tl e'ivae ity rf aririrrl annd badly aeprec'ate'l by both aeund and sick:-[An4,r'.] 