The flaunted and The Haunters on, HOUSE AND THE BRAIN. " No ; be on your guard." The dog now roused himself and sat on his haunches his ears moving quickly back wards , and ' forwards. He kept his eyes fixed on me with a look so strange that ho conceulrcd all my attention on himself. Slowly he rose up, all his hair bristling, and Btood perfectly rigid, and with the samo wild stare. I had no time, however, to examine tlio dog. i Presently my servant emerged froinliis room; and if ever I saw horror in the human face, it was then. I should not have recognised him had we met in the street, so altered was every lineament. He passed by mo quickly, saying in a whisper that seemed scarcely to como from his lips " Run-run ! it is after me !" He gained tho door to the landing, pulled it open, and rushed forth. I followed him into the land ing involuntarily, calling to him to stop; but, without heeding mo, ho bounded down the stairs, clinging to tho balusters, and taking several steps at a time. I heard, wliero I stood, the street-door open-heard it again clap to. I was left alone in the haunted house. - " It was but for a moment that I romained undecided whether or not to follow my servant; pride and curisoty alike forbade so dastardly a flight. I ro-ontered my room, closing the Jdoor after me, and proceeded cautiously into the interior chamber. I oncountered nothing to justify my servant's terror. I again carefully examined tho w.alls to soe if there was any concealed door. I could find no trace of one-not even a seam in tho dull-brown paper with which tho room ? was hung. How, then, had the TIIINO, wliat ovor it was, which had so scared him, obtained ingress oxcopt through my own chamber? I returned to my room, shut and locked the door that opened upon tho interior one, and stood on tho hearth, oxpectant and pre pared. I now pcrcoivcd that the' dog had slunk into an angle of tho wall, and was pressing himself closo against it, as if litor ally Btriving to force his way into it. I ap proached the animal and spoke to it; the poor brute was evidently beBido itself with terror. It showed all its teeth, the slaver dropping from its jaws, and would certainly have bitten mo if I had touched it. It did not seem to recognise mo. Whoever has seen at tho Zoological Gardens a rabbit fascinatod by a serpent, cowering iu a corner, may form somo idea of tho anguish which the dog oxlubitod. Finding all efforts to soothe tho animal in vain, and fearing his bite might be as venomous in that state as in tho maduesa of hydrophobia, I left him alone, placed my weapons on the table beside the fire,' seated' myself, and recommenced my Macaulay. , Perhaps, in order not to appear' seoking credit for a courago, or rathor a coolness, which tho reader may conceive I exaggerate I may bo pardoned if I pause to indulge in ono or two egotistical remarks. v As I hold presence of 'mind, or what is called courago, to bo procisol y proportioned to familiarity with tho circumstances that lead to it, so I should say tliat I had been long sufficiently familiar with all experiments that appertain to tho Marvellous. I had witnessed many very extraordinary pheno mena in various parts of tli6 : world-^pheno mena that would bo|oitbor totally disbelieved if I stated them, or ascribed to /supernatural agencies. Now, my'tliobry istliat the Supor . natural is tho Impossible, and that what is . called supernatural is only a something in tho laws of nature of which; we have been hitherto ignorant. Therefore, [if a' ghost rise before me, J have not^tlio right to say, << Bo, then, the.supernatural is possible,"but rathor, " So, then, tho apparition of a ghost is, contrary-to received opinion within tho laws of nature-£. o., not supernatural." Now. in all that I had hitherto witnessed, and indood in all tlio wonders which tho amateurs of mystery in our ago. record as facts, a matorial living agency is always re quired. On tho Continent you will find still magicians who assort that they can raiso spirits. Assume for tlio moment that they assort truly, still tho living matorial agency by which; from somo constitutional peculi arities, cortain strange plienomona aro repre sented to your natural senses. Accept; again, as truthful, tlio tales of Spirit Manifestation in America- musical or otlior sounds-'writings on paper, produced by no discorniblp hand- avticlos of furnituro < moved without,apparent human agoncy-or tho actual sight and touch of hands, to which, ? no bodies soem to .belong- still there must bo found the MEmuM or living being, with ; constitutional peculiarities capable of,obtain ing thoBo signs. In fine, in all such marvels . supposing oven that ithero is no imposturo, thoromust bo a human being liko ourselves, by whom, or through whom, tlio oftocts presented to human1 boings aro producod. ' It is so with the now familiar phenomena of mosmorism of oloctro-biolocy; the mind of the person oporatod on is affected through a material living' agent. Nor, supposing it tvuo that a mesmeviser a hundred miles distaut, is the rosponso loss occasioned by a . matorial boing ; it may bo through a matorial fluid-call it;Elbctrio, call it Odio, call it \- what you will-which lias tho power of traversing spaco and passing obstacles, that the material oflbct is cominunioatod from one to tho other. Hence all that I had hithorto witnessed, or oxpocted to witness, in this strange house, I boliovod to be occasioned through somo agonoy or medium as mortal as mysolf; and this , idea noces sari ly proven tod tlio awb with whicli thoso who rogard as supernatural ..things that aro not within tho ordinary operations of naturo might have boon improssod by tho advonturos of that momorable night. - . As, then, it was my conjecture that aU -' that was prosontod, or won d bo prosontod. to my souses, must originato in somo human boing giftod by constitution with tlio power . so to prosont thom, and having somo .motive Bo to do, I folt an intorost in my thoory which, ill its way, was rathor philosophical . suporstitious. And I can sincoroly say that I was in as tranquil atoniperfor observation as any practical oxponmontalist could bo in awaiting tho effects of uomo raro, -though perhaps perilous, chemical combination, Of course, the more I kept my mind detached from fancy, the more the temper fitted for observation would be obtained ; and I there fore riveted eye and thought on the strong daylight sense in the page of my Macaulay. I now became aware that something inter, posed between the page and the light- the page was overshadowed: I looked up, and I saw what I shall find it very difficult, perhaps impossible, to describe. It was a Darkness shaping itself out of the air in very undefined outline. I cannot say it was of a human form, and yet it had more resemblance to a human form, or rather shadow, than anything else. As it stood, wholly apart and distinct from the air and the light around it, its dimensions seemed gigantic, the summit nearly touching the ceiling. While I gazed, a feeling of intense cold seized me. An iceberg before mo could not more have chilled mo ; nor could the cold of an icoberg have been more purely pliysisal. I feel convinced that it was' not the eold caused by fear. As I continued to gaze' I thought- but I distinguished two eyes looking down on mo from the height. One moment I seemed to distinguish them clearly, the next they seemed gone ; but still two rays of a pale-blue light frequently shot through tlie da.ikness, as from the height on which I half believed, half doubted, that I had encountered the eyes. I strove to speak-my voice utterly failed me ; Lcould only think to myself, " Is this fear ? it is not fear1" I strove to rise-in vain ; I felt as if weighed down by an irresis tible forco. Iudeed, my impression was that of an immense and overwhelming Power opposed to my volition;-that sense of utter inadequacy to cope with a force beyond men's which 0110 may feel physically in a storm at sea, in a conflagration, or when confronting some terrible wild beast, or rather, perhaps, the skark of the ocan, I felt morally. Op posed to my will was'another will, 'as far superior'to its strength as storm, fire, and shark are superior in material force to the forco men. And now, as this impression 'grew on mo, now came, at last, horror-horror to a dogroo that no words can convoy. Still I retained pride, if not courage; and in my own mind I said, " This is horror, but it i's not foar; unless I fear. I cannot bo harmed; my reason rojects this thing; it is an allusion -I do not fear." With a violent effort I succeeded at last in stretching out my hand towards the weapon on the table : as I did so, on the arm and shoulder I received a strange shock, and my arm fell to my sido powerless^ And now' to add to my horror, tho light began slowly to .wane from the. candles-they were not, as it were, ex tinguished, but their flame seemed gradually withdrawn : it was the same with the fire tho light was extracted from tho fuel; in a few minutes tlio room was in utter dark ness. Tho dread that came over mo, to be thus ill; the dark with that dark Tiling, whoso power was so intensely felt, .brought a reaction of uorvo.' In fact', terror had reached that climax, that either my senses must have deserted me, or I must have burst through the spell. I'did burst throught it. I found voice, .though the voice was a shriek. [ remember that I broke forth with words liko these-" I do not fear, my soul does not foar and at the same time I found strength to rise. Still in that profound gloom I rushed to one of the windows-tore aside the curtain-flung open tho shutters ; my first, though was-LIGHT. And when I saw tlie moon high, clear, and calm, I felt a joy that almost, compensated for tlio previous terror. There was tho moon, there was also tho light from the gas-lamps in the deserted slumberous street. I turned to look back into the room; tho moon pene trated its shadow very palely and partially -but still there was light. The dark Thing wliatever.it .might bo, -was gone-except that I could yet see a dini shadow, which seemed tho shadow of that shade against the opposite wall. My oyo now'rostod on the tabloi and from under tlio table (which was without cover or cover-an old mahogany round table) tliero rose a hand,^visible as far as tlie wrist. It was a hand, seemingly, as much of flesh and blood as my own, but tlio hand of an aged porson-loan, wrinkled, small " too-a woman's hand. The hand very softly closod on tho two lottors that lay on tho table: hand and letters both vanished. Tliero then came tho same throo loud moasured knocks I had heard at tlio bod-head beforo. this oxtrabrdinary^drama had commenced. As those sounds slowly ceased, I folt tho whole room vibrato sensibly ; and at the far end tliero roso, as from tho floor, sparks or globulos liko bubbles of light, many-coloured -groen, yellow, firo^rcd, azure. Up and down to and; fro,s hither, thitlior, as tiny Will-o'-tho-Wisps, tlio! sparks moved, slow or swift, each at its own cabrice. A chair (as in tlio drawing-room below) was now advanced from the wall without apparent agoncy; and placod at tho opposite sido of tlio tablo. Suddenly, as forth from the cliair there grow a Shape-a woman's shape. It was distinct as a shape of life-ghastly as a shape of doatli. Tho face was that of youth,' with a strango mournful beauty ; tho throat and shoulders woro baro, the rest of the form in a looso robe of cloudy whito. It began sleeking its long yellow, hair, wliich fell ovor its shoulders; its oyes wore not turnod towards mo, but to tho door; it doomed -listoning, watching, waiting. Tho shadow of tho shado in the baokground grew darker ; and again I thought I boheld tho oyes gloaming, out of tho summit of the shadow-oyos fixed upon that sliapo. .llochostor CJastlq and its grounds liavo long boon loasod by tlio corporation of tho; city from tlio Earl of Jersey, but the muni cipal body liavo nojv arrangod for a purchase of tlio feo .simple. The pico which the royisionoi'Svill recoive for his intorost in tlio struoturo and tho garden alono is stated to; .bo £8000, and it is stimulated that tlio 'castlo shall romain a ruin,;;aS" noarly as possible in its prbsont stato; and that the grounds shall bo for tho uso. of tho public. Tliero are not many moro interest ing monuments hixliirhjucs in England than Iloohostor Cathedral and the castlo besido | it, amtt it is satisfactory to learn that both ' will bb preserved for ages yet to como. , 