WE AMORYS. By Ii. Armand. Chapter XXIV. KoBtKT went to the post office, but there was no letter "Don the disappointed, Persia, he may not have received ours so soon as we calculated I shall not even be surprised if there should not be letters from an of our friends to morrow We are both sure that none of those to whom we have written will neglect us " 'Oh no,"Iicphcdcagcrl} Still I was dis- appointed that there was no letter from him Robert fetched one of the par eels which he had brought from May foul, sat down opposite to me, and opened it It contained no cause ists which I could see were in his own h only a king He had never shown me only thing that he had written, therefore I knew instinctively that he would not like me to ask him to do so I could pay By enter into and understand his reticence, so that I never had teased him to let me read any of his productions. I did not speak now , but I suppose that I looked at the papers very w usefully, for Robert glanced at me with that unused expression which I knew so well and, to my delight, said "Yes, you may if you like, Persis " " Oh, you do ling 1 ' I cried "Now divest yourself of alluvial feelings (if such a thing is possible to join), and trans for in join self into the sea n ei life for the lime " He is failed mc a limousine ipt as he spoke It consisted of some poems, and a short tale I tried to be sev- ore and of life is, but it would not do I got interested in the tide, and sev city and criticism were lost in action action of the story and its author Before I had finished it I became aware that Robert was telling up unmercifully I passed in my leading to remonstrate with him, but he was deaf to my entire lines to let me just read what he wished to destroy. "No, Pcisis, what I am tearing up is such arrant nonsense that I cannot even let you read it. It was written in my very juvenile days, and it shall have the fate it deserves The poked it vigorously into the bottom of the grate, and I sighed at the long face with which I w matched its best action I went on learning until I had finished the tale "Well, critic, what is your verdict "That it is perfection, I said w n mlv "Ah, that will never do,' Robert exclaimed with moth deep , although it is no more than I could expect I wonder if there ever existed a woman whose judgment was never influenced by her feelings and affections is now I, the author, can point out to von several sinking defects and weaknesses which you yourself would be the first to detect if you did not happen to be interested in the virtue ' He mercilessly flogged to light faults which I had quite overlooked, either, as he had said, through my strong interest in the author, or else, as 1 urged in my own defence, "that the story itself was so interesting That minor defects escaped me I only hope that that may he the reason for your over sight," Robert said looking rather gratified in spite of his self imposed severity of criticism I next lead the poems, and I sincerely cn deavoured to consider them quite indeed dently of their authorship I told Robert which I liked best, and he was pleased that my enemies happened to be his own The de serving process proceeded relentlessly until only two or Once manuscripts were left These Robert put together "I shall be j my luck with the best," housed, " but I must best finish copy ing them " " Cannot 1 help you to do that I inquired "Yes, to be sure you can," Roberts said angrily I never thought of that, and our help will be a great saving of time " he had copied three parts of the nondescript which he intended sending to a publisher Ave each detail in copying the 01100,11111! worked until we were lived "How I want to begin this story '" I exclaimed It is tantalising to begin now to ds the end, and copying is such slow work but I will got up early in the morning sun I end it. all through that's what I'll do The work of which I spoke was a novel I thought it clover in the extreme, and quite expected that any published 111 his senses must regarded as I did Robeittncd to drop my hopes and expectations as much as he could, but I put that said damping process down to his modesty, as 1 believed that diffidence and genius went hand in hand "Pcisis," Robert said once during one of those passes which backache mule necessary, "I can't help feeling that there is something in this novel, but it is at the same time mined time I feel sure but it will be rejected, and yet I feel that I must offer it That at least I may gain the opinion of those who may lead it I shall thus km n m defects ' At the end of Hu the days in cropping was finished Robert made a neat package of his manuscript, and we note 11 note to the publisher asking him if he rejected the novel to kindly point out the defects which caused its 1 election are enclosed stumps 111 case of its red in 11, but, to save expense, left the parcel and note at the publishing office Each day Robert had called for letters, but no letters were for as He was going to call now, on his w i to the publishers We had been eight days 111 London, and the money was going out, and no prospectus yet of any coming in I quite expected that Robert would bring news this time I employed myself while with ing for his return 111 tidying our dingy sitting 100111 and getting ready for an early tea But directly Rober t entered the room I know by his face that there were no letters " I can't multi stand it,' he hand, looking for the first time despondent " J hcj cannot have received them, that is quite evident " "Audi proposed sending them as a parcel How sorry I am I I am quite sure that they have fallen into Aitliiu Aiehoi's hands" I always associated him somehow in in j own mind with Mephistopheles, and I half believed that he round his power "Well, we must write again by post, I suppose after all," I added "Yes," stud Robert "But Persis, I thought of something as I was walking back, disappointed, I contest. this time ' " What was it I asked eagerly ' You remember Mr Atkins, our aunt's friend and solicitor, and his kindness in t j tug to find us when we ran away from Lenpoit" " Oh yes, Robert, and I have often thought about him since, and wondered if he was still living, but since Miss lliiinciton died we have not heard of him He told her you know, But he wished obedient us, only the Welfus took us, and rendered his help unnecessary But you 1110 thinking of applying to him, Robert, tucjounot to help you to a situation ' I never thought of him " "But ' said Robert, "I am afraid that he is dead. He was an old man when we were children Still, there is the chance I'll 1,0 to more , it is too late to day unless I knew his pi hate address, but his offices used to be in Lincoln's Inn 1 leads " ' Then there will not be any occasion to will to to Mai foul until after join visitor' "No,' RoWit replied thoughtfully "But, Pcisis, I think that it would be as well if you were to go with me We were children, remember, when Mr. Atkins last saw us At his ago he might not leachly recollect us, now that we are grown up, but if you have the true 'Amoij'fnco, winch on pool aunt was so proud of, Mr Atkins will be more lil c) to veterans and remember j 011 than myself J timent an atom of my Amoiv 111 nee, von know," he said, imitating our aunt's scornful manner of speak ing of her nephew's game deficiencies in the matter of family likeness "Novel mind, Robert," I hold ratifying I never could make out that aux Allic 1 possessed gowns so you can boast of our mother a family instead of the Ainoijs By the by, what would be the feelings of that distinguished line could they behold then two solo descendants in dingy lodgings, and very short of money besides ' " But; you will own that we are ' lomnllticlllly, situated, or have you lost your keen relish for the romantic and the uncommon ' " I have lost none of it, Robert appreciate all the romance of our position, only I do not equally nppiocintoits uncertainty ' Robert laughed, " Ah It would be, I believe more easy to live in haunted castles, and beat the beck and call of spec t ci when they chose to make their revelations, or to be "J hourly' fear of surprise by banditti it none charming scenery and accessories, and all ttW olll}"»<>tors being attired! in picturesque costumes, claim to be waiting and wondering amid planning EVE or two now are how to earn money to supply us with the barest necessaries, and how to luaiVc eighteenpence go as far as a shining." " It is true, I believe, Robert. I fancy that I could face the most ghastly of ghosts better than I could face debt." " But we are not going to face that," Robert said quickly, almost sharply. "We will at least keep out of that. I will find a way to escape it somehow." " I daresay we shall We won't frighten our senses by conjuring up such 'bogies'. "What do you say, Persons, to making this evening a holiday, as we can do no more until to-morrow ? Shall we have a stroll ?" By allnieans,"Icricddelightcd;so wcAvent for a long ramble through the streets in the I dusk of an early April evening. By 10 the next morning we were at Lincoln's I Inn, searching for Mr. Atkins's offices. We found the name at last, and were ushered into the presence of Mr. Atkins, but not him whom we sought. Much disappointed, have learned that our aunt's old friend had been dead four years, and that the quiet gentlemanly man, our informant, was the deceased Mr. Atkins's nephew, and had succeeded to his uncle's practice. Robert briefly gave his reasons for Avisli ing to see Mr. Atkins, especially with relation to his hope of obtaining, through his interest, some employment. The nephew listened patiently, and asked several questions, all of which Roberts was able to answer satisfactorily. We had also brought with us some of the letters written to our aunt by Mr. Atkins, as further proof of our identity, and which we now produced, upon which Mr. Atkins expressed himself to be quite satisfied that we were the people have professed to be, and told us that his uncle had often spoken of our aunt and of ourselves with expressions of great interest. Roberts. asked Mr. Atkins, a little timidly, whether he could give him any employment in his office, adding that he did not mind what it might be if he could only give satisfaction. Mr. Atkins shook his head. He had no vacancy for a clerk, nor was he likely to have one he had with his uncle's clerks, men who had been with that uncle many years, but who, Mr. Atkins averred, should never leave himself but by their own desire. Although our hopes were destroyed, ave could another)) column Mr-. Atkins for his resolution, which he expressed quietly and firmly, and as though such a thing was a matter of course. But he pondered a little, then turned to Rober"t suddenly, and asked for a specimen of his handwriting. Robert write a few lines, which Mr. Atkins looked at, then rang the bell. An elderly man entered, whom Mr. Atkins tool: apart, showing him Robert's writing. We could not hear what was said, but when the old clerk retired Mr. Atkins told Robert that he could give him partial, if not full employment in law-copying if he liked to undertake it. \- Robert joyfully accepted the offer, and warmly thanked Mr. Atkins, also looked quietly pleased, and told Robert to call the next morning, when he should be initiated into what little it was necessary for him to know relating to his new employment. "Could not I help? I whispered into Robert's ear. Mr. Atkins bears me. "I am afraid not," he said. "Young ladies' writing is not exactly adapted for law-copying ; it is" "All hearts and tails and flourishes, in general, you mean, sir," I interrupted laughingly. Mr. Atkins smiled and bowed. " But I can write almost as legibly as print," I said (I was thinking of the copying I had done for Robert "and I avouIiI practice writing until I succeeded, if you will permit me to make a trial. Mr. Atkins looked a little ministers, but doubtful. " You can try, at any rate," he said " but you will find it very dry work." "I don't think anything dry that you can conquer," I said resolutely. Mr. Atkins regarded me, I thought, with surprise, then smiled at Robert. " Come, Peru's, avo must not, take up Mr-. Atkins's time any longer." We born thanked our new friend, and wished him good morning. He bowed very graciously to me and Robert, and told the latter to call at the same horse sale next, morning. I almost (danced along the streets in triumph at our success. "I can do it with practice, can't 1, Robert? At least 1 will succeed. To think that I shall be able to help earn a living after all I" Robert was as pleased and grateful as I was, only not so demonstrative. I tried to hurry him home so that I might begin to practise. I know that 1 Arroto a clear, legible, and firm hand, entirely distinct, front the usual character- less hieroglyphics of young-laityisiu. I knew that when I had mastered my two ric, is I should do, my help would enable Robert to devote more time to his pursuit of authorship. That day I was so hopeful and happy that I could afford to review the events of our last sad hours at Arbourlaiids, and to calmly think of all the people (some how dear 1) whom we had left behind. How I yearned to see Miss Wolfe and Margot, and poor Maud, avIioiu I pitied most of all, knowing as I did what she must be feeling and suffering on account of Robert. I longed to let them all know of our good luck LUKE well-being, but still determined to wait for their letters first. Then, in the twilight, 1 sat at the window looking into the narrow street and thought of him I recalled him as he had looked and spoken during every meeting throughout our acquaintance, until I came to that last meeting which had been a parting too. The recollection of that always called the blood to my face in a fiery torrent, and, amidst all the strong yearning of my heart for only one sight of his face, one pressure of his hand, I ended by a deep sigh of relief at the thought that I was out of his sight that I was safe from his eyes surprising my poor secret-if they had not already done so. CHAPTER XXV. Timk passed until we were in the middle of June, and still our friends maintained the silence of death. Full of beans, Robert set out every morning to inquire for letters, only to return to share my keen disappointment, which again gradually gave way to the hope of what the morrow might have in store. At last we came to the conclusion that our own letters had miscarried. We would rather believe that Arthur Archer had Avaytaid them, and read them ten times over, than that any one of our friends had forgotten us. " I will write to George Leg and by post," Robert had declared day after day, but I had so far found some pretext for preventing him from putting his resolution into practice. Robert must have written to his friend for references, had have not received ample employment from Mr. Atkins. Robert mastered his work at once; but I mine more slowly, though in the end triumphantly. Between us we managed not only to keep the wolf from the door but to allow Robert time for his own especial work and we had still a few pounds in hand of the money which we had brought with us. 1 used sometimes to wonder amidst all our work (for we both worked hard and amidst our disappointed yearning for tidings of those whom we loved, how it was that we contrived to escape being quite unhappy. In novels such as I had read, the heroine, placed in my circumstances, would have sat all day by the window thinking in mute despair of the absent one, or weeping her eyes blind at her own misfortunes, whereas I keenly enjoyed strolling with Robert before breakfast every fine morning, through the bustle of life and excitement, and among the beauty of fruits and flowers of Covent Garden Market, or in taking long rambles through the city in its Sunday trance, and far out into quaint green suburbs that had once been pretty lonely villages Uko Mtirford, but every now surprised by the encroachments of bricks and mortar. Uno bright Sunday afternoon, as we loitered through Tottenham, I asked Robert why we were not so miserable as I considered that we ought to be under existing circumstances. " because we are together, Persia," he said, looking down upon me lovingly. I squeezed his arm, and returned his look. We said no more, for we understand each other. But not Robert himself knew better than did I how he yearned for news of Maud. I could divine his feelings with respect to her by my own for Mr. Legrand. Nor did either of us forget Miss Wolfcr or Margot. We often talked of them in the twilight, and wondered sadly what they thought of us and our strange flitting. John Weller ave never named. We mutually passed him over in conversation, though not in thought. We had been in London nearly three months, and, with the exception of our visit to Mr Atkins and its fortunate consequences, no occurrence had hitherto marked the tulle. But events generally crowd together. One morning when Robert and I returned from the market we saw Mrs, Grey crying bitterly over her untouched breakfast. She was alone ; so, with a look at Hobart, I went, into the room, and asked in gently if I could do anything for her "No," she said, and curt afresh, but the temptation to cheer herself by speaking of her troubles outweighed the fact of my burn" almost an utter stranger so she told me that her husband's ill health is id prevented him bitterly from causing money independent of the business which did not half keep them, till this morning her other Iotlgu but gone away V owing her money, and that she had a most pressing debt of live ] omits to pay, without a shilling in prospect to any with I said nothing but dr ted up stairs to Robert, to whom I repeated the case "You want to lend her the money, of course, PersisT he said divining 1917 wishes "Yes, Robert" I said hesitatingly "At least, I do not want to do anything imprudent 1101 to urge you to do it ; but I thought that if vic paul hot five pounds 111 scheme for out and lent it would be as blind as it is long " "Yes," said Robert, gravel), if we can afford to go on living hue But I think I hope that we can, and I certainly should not like you to live in less comfortable lodgings than the o Yes, I think we may venture it,' has- ud, deliver ating " Ah, Pel sis, if I hope 11 to}on calculating, instead of generous!) and impulsively helping this poor woman, it is because I wish to be just to }oubcfoio being generous to others " "quite understand yOU, Robert," I cried He fetched the money " Got a receipt for it, Pcisis,' ho stud, as he put it into my hand and I rushed downstairs to Mrs Grey, put the money outhotible before her, and explained that it was on tout paid 111 dv mee She could hardly believe in her Reprieve from hot present pressing anxiety, and did not know how to be grateful enough I took bet Receipt and snatched away from her thanks to rejoin Robert, and we set to work atom dry as dust occupation of cop) ing towards noon Mia Gicy knocked at the door, and put 11 brown paper package into my hands, which had been sent by parcels delivery I took it in with a swelling bent, and! handed it to Robert, to whom it was addressed "It is my ni causes ists let in need, he said quietly, as he undid the par eel and lead 11 note which was enclosed I watched him eagerly white who lead it but could not guess its minor t from his face When he had finished leading who is ruled it to me The novel was rejected I do mine 111010 I was hotitsickand disgusted I stud so, and threw the note vice Ross to Robert, but he lotuuicdit to me and bade me 1 end it to the end " You know, Persia, that I Funds) d uni to expect that it would be accepted, and I was 1 light, but if you will only be id that note dis passionate) you will find that it is worded most courteously, that its writer points out, according to my express request, the faults which cause the 1 ejection of my story), and, above all, circum incident is given me to put stone in the course I have chosen the very) curious incident that I want I shall at once begin another work and profit by the mistakes in this Instead of shilling in) crushing disappointment Robert looked hopeful, almost, 1 ailment I slowly) lead the note through, thing to do so dispassionately) as Robert wished I could not but agree with him, in spite of my self, that the tone of it w is tone Icons 111 the extreme After pointing out the main defects of the work, such discs minuting praise was awarded to what was good 111 it Hint I event and) came 1 omit to Robert s opinion of the will itch and his criticism " If ever I am ike 1 name," Robert said, as he slowly folded up the note and placed it with the dejected measures, If ever I make a name that publishers, and no other, shall help me to leap the profit of it Robert was taking 1 tin 11 round the room is he often did during the long bones of writing,, to lost by change of position, when he stopped before me and said " Pu sis, I have quite made up my mind to delay no longer willing to George Legs and I am certain that by some accident he has never received a) letter, and as he cannot will he to me, not knowing his) address, he is feeling very) anxious about us I shall write this very day, that he can ever) news of na lengths of 1101 a ' By Rober t'a tone I know that he would not be persuaded mi) longs from writing this (to 1110) di ended letter You will not give on address, Robert, will you ' "Yes, I see ill-I one of nat George to keep it to himself, and it is only fair to him to give it Robert spoke very decidedly) I knew that the letter would be sent at last, and yet, with my dread of the possible, consequences of its receipt, there mingled ust 1 highly inconsistent content that I should hem of him Robert sat down again and wrote his letter, after which he scaled and directed it, as if it wnsagical lobes to him to have written As he put it into his coat pocket, he said, smiling, "You will never guess what I am going to propose, Poisis " "What is if I asked I know by Robert's unions That his proposition was meant to give me pleasure To go to the theatre this evening What do you say) ' " i but you are an angel, I cured, "him," with sudden and damping recollection, "can we afford it I mean, that is, if you in open posing it upon my account," T added quickly) "I propose it upon both our accounts, and I sent for soon, as war It is plentiful, we may allow ourselves this little outbreak in the way of pleasing Besides,! feel that I ought to celebrate the return of an) iiituiusciipt," be called di lly 1 laughed, and expressed my delight at the prospect of going "I will got tea soon, for I should bkotogct thorough) lain like It child I want to lose nothing that is to be sion, even to the coming in of the audience, and the best set apings 111 the 01 old star " "Where shall we sit ' I nimm ed 1 was for going into the gallery like I lie and his sister, but Robert decided for the pit Accordingly, when Iliad cleared away the t i we two started for anything). We had not far to go, and the doors were not yet opened, so we stood patient!) among the knot of pi opie waiting before us, and amused ourselves) watching them Robert, I knew, novel liiisstdiiiioppoitunit) of Italy in human nature in all its aspects win ever and wherever he found it and even now I always read the crowd waiting at the doors of the playhouse with 11 on turn into est and h) nip ith) for it may be reasonably supposed that, with some very few exceptions, Hint towel me looking for aid to enjoyment in enjoyment which is already begun by ¡intiuputit 11, and which will be 1 caused more less by) that which they to to h o. But in 1901 risings, then were often due assembly mteiiiiptitl by the too passing offers of bills of the play and of crimes of it is natural polish, until itself by the increasing crowd J'icsciiUy the doors opened "Take cm, Persia keep your arms down, ' Robert whispered, as there was a slight rush We were soon hurrying along 11 was lit passage, in money was paid) two entered upon another shorter passage, and, to, we were in the pit The that row was already occupied, so we headed out of his contentedly in the second, after I had looked round the gas jet nail) empty house B) am! by it gradually filled, and I amused myself by watching the Indies enter the stalls and nom est boxes , for 11 'sun was to appeal, ther for e the occupants of the 111010 m stood title parts of the house condescended to come early there, after the pi church) Speeches and grants fit in the 61 (to stir, it burst into a medley of old times that I loud and sung, and which set me dreaming of the past until the curtain rose 'line play was "'J. he Mer chant of Venereal play widen has always treated me Mysjiu paines ever went with Shylock, whilst, if it is possible to thoroughly hate and despise any one character of Shakspeare, Unit character is Jessica, the cold blooded desire of 11 per scented father My enjoyment that night would have been much (truth but there being performed instead one of the old comedies Shulcspcuio demands gi runs skin tullis own for the embodiment of his citations, so as to liixpuctlic Hume exquisite enjoyment Hint uno lies in leading him As regarded the action, there was plenty of talent but no genius 'His "son" who acted Sh) lock just missed it. When the curtain fell upon the last act but one, and the occupants of the pit stood up to change then position, or to look around the crowded house, 01 scrambled utieciemomousl) past truth neighbours to get refreshments, whilst the when in" of basket ball and the odour of ransomed mid of motiveless finals gave eloquent ansons for those who kept their seats, when the nymph of the {,in¡,cibcu, lemonade, and bottled ale and stout basket elbowed and) tiled her way through the closely jammed rows of people, in a manner that suggested to snell philosophising Robert and my self how it is that certain people elbow and push and within their way on in the or ill, when, his utilised in what was "going on around us, Robert and I stood within" it nil, some tents exchanging a remark, I happened to also my i)cstonbov which had appeared to be utility when I looked Tharwa) before, but in which, half hidden by the captains know 10 co0uuulitwo, hues threshold of which struck. I mo dumb and cold. In that box, apparently engaged in a most absorbing conversation, were Maud Archer and Mr. Legrand. For a moment the house, the audience, everything swam around me; but the thought of Robert, and the fear lest he, too, had seen what I had seen, enabled me by a strong effort of will to recover myself. I glanced at him and saw that he was unconscious alike of my agitation and its cause. I was afraid that he should see my face, which, however I might try to compose it, he could generally read; therefore I was very thankful! that the curtain drew up, and all took their seats, in the bustle of At night I escaped observation. The last act began, and I knew that Robert would be attending to that too closely to look about him, and I meant, directly the play was ended, to plead headache and hurry mine away. He should be spared a hat I was suffering. I did not know the intensity of my love until I felt the anguish of jealousy which now consumed me, and which, for the time, annihilated all friendship, justice, and common sense. At this distance of time I cannot help pitying myself for the agony I suffered that night, whilst, if possible, I deplore still more that so * mean a passion has power to entirely overthrow reason-as it did mine. I saw the man whom I loved and the woman who was my dearest friend (both of whom I had thought of as far away, and as deeply regretting us) talking earnestly together in a box at a theatre ; upon which I immediately jumped to the sensible and desirable conclusion that both had for- gotten Robert and nie, and were all in all to each other. Now if Roberts had seen them he would have attracted their attention, signed to them to wait for him, and have met them without experiencing a pang of suspicion. He must have had strong proofs of their treachery, or forgetfulness of us, before he would believe aught against them. I thought this as I sat beside him, and I wondered at the difference in disposition between us two, so nearly allied both in blood and in tastes. Was it true that the passions and temperaments of one's ancestors were transmitted unto remote generations? and did I inherit the stormy nature of the Lady Persons whom I was said to resemble so strongly in face and person ? I sat next to a giant of a man, behind whose broad shoulders I could watch, without being myself seen, the two people once dearest in the world to me and Robert. Once? I had not proved that they had forfeited the right to be dearest still, but I asked as though it was so I noticed, with a pang, that Maud had never looked so beautiful. Sim was paler, and I fancied, thinner, and there was a pensive expression in her face which increased its loveliness. I observed, too, that many a glass was levelled at her-ii custom which no glossing conventionality can ever render other than one of odious and innate ill-breeding. Rut Mauri seemed unconscious of all this notice and admiration. Indeed, I doubted if she took any more interest in the performance than I did. Then I looked at him. There he sat, pale, serious, with the half-sad expression that he always had when in repose ; just as she used to look at her two averse together with his house or at Arbourlaiuls. Both had ceased conversing directly the performance recommenced. Although neither apparently cared for the play, each was too thoroughly polite to talk while it went on. They were not alone. I discerned another figure-a lady, who seemed to to wish to conceal herself from view, behind Maud. At last the green curtain descended. I clutched Robert's arm. "Do you mind going now, Robert? I feel faint." " My dear girl, why didn't on speak before?" he said anxiously. He took my hand, and guided me tended ly through the repeated bustle and noise of the audience, until he gained the door. Here I ventured to turn to taken last look at that hated box. They had risen as if preparing to leave, and I noticed with what tender deference Mr. Legranrl seemed to be addressing Aland, who, on her part appeared to reply to him with a manner which implied that a perfect understanding existed between him and her. I turned my head, and, it till my head t full of despair and bitterness, was hurried by Robert into the street. " Stop, we'll have a cab, Persist." "No, no, Robert," 1 cried imperatively, "I can walk quite well. The air revives me. He looked at incautiously. " You have been over-working fit that copying, and you miss the fresh country air. I shall not let you work so hard again ; we must take longer rambles." "I shall be well to-morrow; it was the heat Unit overcame mc. Only I am so sorry to have dragged you away, Robert, before it was all over." " Oh, there is only a farce to come, and I should only have stayed for that upon your account. In fact, I am glad myself to get out of the heat, for my head aches him by much, which is very unusual with me." And when we were in our own room and hail lit our lamp I saw that Robert looked Hushed mut heavy-eyed. " 1 lad be seen them t" I asked myself with terror. Hut 1 soon assured myself that he had not, and neither of us wanting any supper, we said good-night, and I went up to my attic, to give myself up unrestrainedly to thoughts of In richness, despair, »elf-liuinihiition. "Should I or should I not tell Hubert?" was the question which all through the night wound up each fresh burst of mental torture, like the refrain of a song. Having decided nothing, I fell asleep when it was nearly time to get up, so that it was later than usual when I went downstairs. But a new shock awaited me, and one which cast even the remembrance of last night into the background. When I entered the room I found Hubert, half dressed, stretched across the hd. He told me in a faint voice that he had tried to get up and dress at the usual hour, biitfelttooilllokeepup. "But I daresay shall be better presently, he said, trying to smile. I had an instinct that he was very ill, that smote me with an indefinable tenor. I made haste to get breakfast, but he could not eat. Then I called in Mrs. Grey, who, after looking at him, said very gravely that he must have a doctor at once. [to a: curious ».] as 