THE BREAD WINNERS. Chapter vr. — Two Men Shake Hands. Slecny, though a Bread-winner in full standing, wns not yet sufficiently impressed with tho wrongs of. labor to throw down liis hammer and saw. He continued his work upon Farnham's conservatory, under tlio direction of Fergus Ferguson, tho gardener, with the same instinctive iidolity which had always characterised liim. Ho had his intervals of right feeling and common sense, when ha reflected that Farnliam had dona him no wrong, nnd probably intended no wrong to Maud, and that he was not answerable for the ill luck that met him iu his wooing, for Maud bad refused him before sho over saw Farnliam. But, oneo in a while, and espc- dully when he was in company with OSitt, an access of jcalons fury would come upon him, which found vent iu imprecations which wero none tho less fervid for being tloivly and haltingly uttered. Tho dark skinned, unwholc- sorao looking Bread-winner found a singular delight in tormenting tho powerful young fel low. Ho felt a spontaneous hatred for liim, for many reasons. His shapely build, liis curly blonde hair nnd beard, his frank blue eye, first attracted his cuvioiis notice ; his steady contented industry excited iu him a desire to pervert a workman whoso daily lifo was a practical argument against the doc trines of socinlism, by which Oliitt made a part of his precarious living ; and after ho had met Aland Matcliin, and had felt, as sncli na tures will, the force of her beauty, Ills iiistinc- tivo Iiato became an active, though secret, hostility. She had come one evening with Slecny to a spiritualist conferenco frequented by Ofiitt, and he had nt onco inferred tluit Slecny and sho were either engaged to be married or on tho straight road towards it. It would lie a profanation of tho word to say that he lovoil lier at first sight. But Ills scoundrel heart wns completely captivated so far ns was possible to a man of his sort, lie was filled and fired with a keen cupidity of desire to possess and own such beauty and grace, lie railed against marriage, as lie did against religion aud order as an invention of priests and tyrants to enslave nnd degredo mankind ; but ho would gladly have gone to any altar whatever iu company with Aland Matcliin. Ho could linrdly havo said whether ho loved or hated her tlie more. He loved her much as tlio hunter loves tho fox ho is chasing to its death. He wanted to dostroy anything which kept her away from him — her lover, if she had ono ; her pride, her modesty ; her honor, if alio wero fnncy free, Aivaro of Sleeny's good looks, if not of his own ugliness, lie hated tiicm botli for the comeliness that seemed to make them natural mates for each other. But it was not ill his methods to proceed rashly with either. He treated Maud with distant respect, and increased liis intimacy witli Sleeny until ho found, to his delight, that ho was not tlio prosperous lover that he feared. But lie still had approhensions that Sleeny's assiduity might at last prevail, and lost no opportunity to tighten tlio relations i between them, to poison nnd provert the man who was still a possible rival. By remaining his most intimate friend he could best bo in formed of nil that occured in the Alatcbin 1 family. One evening ns Sam was about leaving his work Fergus Ferguson said ; "You'll not come hero the morn. You're wanted till the house — a bit o' work in tlio library. They'll bo tollin' you there." This wns faithfully reportod by Sam to his confessor that same night. " AVell, you aro in lack, I wish I had your chance," said Ofiitt. Sam opened his blue eye3 in mute wonder. " AVell. what's the chance, aud what would you do with it, of you had it ?" Ofiitt hesitated a moment before replying. " Oh, I was just a jokin'. I mean it wossuch an honor for common folks liko ub to get in side of tlio palace of a high -tuned cuss like Fnrnhnm ; and the fact is, Sammy," he con- tinned, moro seriously, " I would liko to see the inside of some of these swell places. I am a student of hnman naturo, you know, in its various forms. I consider the lnb'riu' man as tho normal healthy human — that is, if he don't work too hard. I consider wealth as n kind of diseaso ; wealth and crristocracy is a kind of dropsy. Now, the true reformer is liko a doctor — ho wants to know all about dis eases, by sight and hnndliu' 1 I would liko to study tlio symptoms of erristocracy in Farn ham's house — right in tho wards of tho hos pital." i "Well, that beats mo," said Sam. "I've been in a lot of fine houses ou Algonquin Avenue, and I never seen anything yet that favored a hospital." This dense stupidity was almost moro than Ofiitt could bear. But a ready lie came to his aid. " Looky hero 1" ho continued, " I'll tell you a secret. I'm writin' a story for tho /risk' Harp, and I want to describe the residence of jess such a vampire ns this hero Farn- ham. Now, writin', as I do, in tho cause of humanity, I naturally want to git my facte pretty near right. You kin help mo in this. I'll call to-morrow to seo you whilo you're there, and I'll get somo p'ints that'll make Rome liowl when they come out." Sam was hardly educated up to the point his friend imagined. His zeal for liumanity and tho "rehabitation" of labor was not so great as to make him think it a fine tiling to be a spy and a sneak in tho houses of his em ployers. He was embarrassed by the sugges tion, and made no reply, but sat smoking his pipe in silence. Ho liad not tlio diplomatist's art of putting a question by with a smile. Of iitt had tact enough to forbear luaisting upon a reply. Ho was, in fact, possessed of very consider able natural aptitude for political lifo. Ho had a quick smile and a ready tonguo ; ho liked to talk and shako hands ; he never had nn opinion he was not willing to sell ; ho was always prepared to sacriGco a friend, if required, aud to ask favors from his worst enemies. He called himself Andrew Jackson Oifitt — a name which, in the west, is an un conscious brand. It generally shows that tho person bearing it is the son of illiterate parents, with no family prido or affections, but filled witli a bitter aud savage partisan ship which found its expression in a servile worship of tlie most injurious personality in American history. But Offitt's real name was worse tlian Andrew Jackson — it was Ananias, and it was bestowed in this way : When ho was about six years old his father, a small farmer in Indiana, who had been a Bodden, swearing, fighting drunkard, became converted by a combined attack of delirium tremens and camp-meeting, and resolved to join tho church, lie and his household. The morning they were going to tho town of Salem for that purpose ho discovered that liis pocket had been picked, mid the money it contained was found on due perquisition in the blue jean trousers of his son Andrew Jackson. The bay, on beingcauglit, was scram ble nnd fertile in his lies that the father, in a gust of rage, declared that he was not worthy the name of the great President, bat that ho should be called Ananias ; and he was accord ingly christened Ananias that morning in the meeting house at Salem. As long as the old man lived he called him by that dreadful name ; but when a final attack of tho trem bling madness had borne liira away from earth, the widow called tho boy Andrew ignin whenever she felt careless about her ipiritual condition and tlie youth behaved liusclf, but used the name of Sapphira's lius- jnnd when the lad vexed lier. or the oblioa- tions of the christening came strongly back to her superstitious mind. The two names became equally familiar to young Oifitt, and always afterward he was liable to lapses of memory when called on suddenly to givo his prenomen ; and he frequently caused hateful merriment among his associates by signing himself Ananias. AVhen Sam presented himself at Captain Farnham's house tlie next morning, he wa3 admitted by Budsey, who took him to the library and showed him tho work ho was to do. The heat of the room had shrunk the wood of the heavy doors of carved oak so that the locks were all out of position. Farnliam was seated by his desk, reading and writing letters. Ho did not look -sp, as Sam entered, and paid no attention to the instructions Budsey was giving him. For the first time in his life tjlecny found that this neglect of his presence was vaguely offensive to him. A week before he would no moro havo thought of speaking to Farnham, or being spoken to by him, than of entering into conversa tion with one of the busts in the book eases. Even now he had no desire to talk with the proprietor of the house, He bad come there to do certain work which ho was capable of doing well, and ho preferred to do it, nnd not be bothered by irrelevant gossip. But, in spite of himsolf, ho felt a rising of re volt in his heart a3 ho laid out his tools, against tlio quiet gentleman who sat with his buck to him engaged in his own work and apparently unconscious of Sleeny's presence. A week beforo they had been nothing to each other, but now a woman had come between them, nnd thcro is no sucli powerful conductor in nature. The quiet in which Farnham sat seemed full of insolent triumph to the luckless lover, and scraps of Offitt's sounding nousense went through liis mind : " A mail is moro than a money-bag " tho laborer is tlio truo gentleman ;" but they did not give him much comfort. Not until ho became in terested iu his work did ho recover the even beat of his pulse aud the genuine workman like play of his faculties. Then ho forgot Fnrniiam's presence in his turn, and enjoyed himself in a rational way with his files and chisels aud screw drivers. Ifo had been nt work for nn hour nt ono door, anil had finished it to his satisfaction, and sat down boforo another, when lie heard the hell ring, and Budsey immediately after ward ushered a lady through the hall and into the ilrawingrooni. His heart stood still at tlio rustle of the dress — it sounded so liko Aland's, ho looked over his shoulder through the open door of tho library and saw, to his great relief, that thero were two fcnialo figures taking their seats in the softly lighted room beyond. Ono sat with lier back to tho light, nnd hor features wero not distinctly .visible ; tlio other was where ho could soo three quar ters of her faco clearly relieved against the tapestry portiere. There is a kind of beauty whicli makes glad every human heart that gazes on it, if not utterly corrupt and vile, mid it was such a face as this that Sam Sleeny now looked at with a heart thnt grew happier ns ho gazed. It was a morning face, full of tho calm joy of the dawn, of tho sweet druams of yontli untroubled by love, tho faco of Au rora beforo sho met Tithonus. From the little curls of gold on tho low brow to tlio smile that hovered forever, half formed, on the softly curving lips and over tlie rounded chin, there was a light of sweetuess, and goodness, and beauty, to ho read of all men, and perhaps in Hod's onod timo to be v/orshinned bv one. Budsey announced " Airs. Bolding and Aliss Hnlice," and Farnham hastened to greet them. If Sam Sleeny had few happy hours to enjoy, ho could nt least boast himsolf that one was beginning now. The lovely face bore to his heart uot only the blessing of itj own beauty, but also a new and infinitely consoling thought. Ho had imagined till this moment, in nil seriousness, that Alaud Matcliin was the prettioit woman in tho world, and that, therefore, all men who saw her wero his rivals, tlie chief of whom was Farnham. But now ho roiloctcd, witli n joyful surpriso, that in this world of rich poople there were others equally beautiful, and that hero, undor Farnham's roof, on terms of familiar acquaintance with him, was a girl as faultless as an angel — ono of his own kind. " AVliy, of course," lie said to himsolf, with a candid and happy solf-con- tcmpt, " that's his girl — you duuderlieaded fool — what are you botiiorin' about i " He took a delight which lie could not ex press in listening to tlio conversation of these friends and neighbors. The ladies had come over, in pursuance of nn invitation of Farn ham's, to see tha additions which had rocoutly arrive'd from Europe - to liis collection of bronzes and pottery, and somo little pictures lie liad bought at the English water-color exhibition. As thoy walked about tho rooms, expressing their admiration of the profusion of pretty tilings which filled the cabinets nnd encumbered tlio tables, in words equally pretty and profuse, Sleeny listened to their voices as if it were music played to cheer him at iiis work. He knew nothing of the things they were talking abont, but their tones wero gentle and playful ; the young lady's voice was especially swoet and friendly. Ho had never heard such voices beforo ; they aro exceptional everywhere in America, and particularly in our lake couutry, whore the late springs develop fine higli sopranoes, but leave much to bo dosired in tho talking tones of women. Alico Beldiug had been tauglit.to uso lier tine voice ns it deserved, and Cor delia's intonations conld not have been moro " soft, gentle and low — an excellent tiling in woman." After a whilo tho voices came nearer, and ho heard Farnham say : " Come in iicre a moment, please, and seo my new netsukes ; I got them at a funny little shop in Osteud. It was ou a Sunday afternoon, nnd the man of tho house was keep ing the shop, and I Bhould havo got a great bargain out of him, but his wife came in beforo wo were through, nnd scolded him for an imbecile and sent him into tho back room to tend the baby, and made mo pay twico what he liad asked for my littfo monsters," By this time they were all in the library, and the young lady was laughing, not loudly, but musically, and Airs. Belding was saying : " Sorved you right for shopping on Sunday. But they are adorable little images, for all that." " Yes." said Farnliam," so tlio woman told me, and she added that thoy were authentic of the twelfth century. I asked lier if she could not throw off a century or two in considera tion of tho hard times, and sho laughed, and said I blnguad, and honestly she didn't know how old they were, but it wns drble, tout de mime, qu'on ptlt adorer an petit ban Lieu d'une laidcur pareillc." " Kenlly, I don't seo how they can do it." said Mrs. Belding, solemnly ; at which both the others laughed, and Aliss Alice said : " AVliy, mamma, you have just called them adorable yourself." They went about tlie room, admiring, and touching, and wondering, with tho dainty graco of ladies accustomed to rare and beau tiful things, until the novelties wero exhausted and they turned to go. But Budaoy at that mo ment announced luncheon, and they yielded to Fnrniiam's eager importunity, and remained to share liis repast. They went to the diningroom, leaving Sleeny moro than content. He still heard their voices, too distant to distinguish words : but lie pleased himsolf by belioving that there was a teuder understanding in the tones of Farnliam nnd Aliss Belding when thoy ad dressed each other, and that it was altogether a family party. He had no longer any foeling of slight or neglect because nono of them seemed awaro of his presence while they wero in the room with him. There was, on the contrary, a sort of comfort iu the thought that ho belonged to a different world from them ; that he and Aland were shut out — shut out together — from the society and the interests which claimed the Beldings aud tho Farnlianis. " You was a dunderlieaded fool," he Baid, cheerfully apostrophising himself again, " to think everybody was crazy after your girl." And lie did an honest and hearty day's work for Farnliam that day. Ho wns brought down to a lower level by hearing tho door open, and the voice of Ofiitt asking if Air. Sleeny was in. "No one of that name here," said Budsey. "I was told at AIntcliin's he was here." " Oh ! tlie young man from Alatohia's. He is in the library," and Oifitt came in, looking more disreputable than usual, as he had greased his hair inordinately for the occasion. Budsey evidently regarded him with no favor able eye ; lie said to Sleeny, " This person says ho comes from Matohin's ; do you know him ?" " Yes, it's all right," said Sam, who could say nothing les3 ; but when Budsey had left them he turned to Offitt witli anything but welcome in his eye. " AVell. vou're come, after all." "Yes," Offitt answered, with an uneasy laugh. " Curiosity gets us all, from Eve down. AVlmt a lay-out this is, anyhow," and his small eyes darted rapidly around the room. "Say, Sam, yon know Christy Fore, that hauls for the Safe Company '! He was telling me about the safe he put into this room — said nobody'd ever guess it was a safe. AVhero the devil is it ?" " I don't know. It's nono of my business, nor yours either." " I guess you got up wrong foot foremost, Sam, you're so cranky. AVkere can the thing be '! Three doors and two win ders and a fireplace, and all the rest book cases. By Jinx 1 there it is, I'll swear." Ho stopped over to one of tho cases whore a pair of oaken doors, rich with arabesque carvings, veiled a Borfc of cabinet. He was fingering at them when Sam seized liim by the shoulder, and said : " Look hero, Andy, what is your name, any how? I'm here on business, and I ain't no fence, and I'll just trouble yon to to leave." Otiitt's face turned livid. He growled : " Of all Andylusian jacks, you're the beat. I aint agoin' to hurt you nor your friend Farnham. I'vo got all tho p'ints I want for my story, and devilish little thanks to you, neither. And say, tell me, aint there a back way out ? I don't want to go by tho dinin'- room door. There's ladies there, and I aint dressed to seo company. AA'hy, yes, this fits me liko ray sius," and lie opened tho French window and stepped lightly to tlio gravel walk below, and was gone. Slecney resumed his work, ill content with himself and liis friend. " Andy is a smart follow," lie thought ; " but ho had no right to coino snoopin' around where I wns at work, jist to got points to worry Air. Farnham with." - The little parly in tlio drawingreom was breaking up. Ho heard their pleasant last words, as the lndie3 resumed tlieir wraps and Farnham accompanied them to tliu door. Mrs. Belding asked liim to dinner " with no thing but ourselves," and ho accsptcd'with a pleased eagerness. Sleeny got ono more glimpse of tho beautiful faco under tlio grey hat and feather, and blessed it as it vanished out of the door. As Farnliam canic back to the library he stood for a moment by Sam and examined what he had done. " That's a good job. I liko your work on tho green house, too. I know good work when I seo it. I worked olio winter as a boss car penter myself." It seemed to Sleeny liko the voieo of n brother speaking to him. He thought tho presence of the young lady had made every thing iu the house soft and gentle. "AVhero was you ever iu that business;" ho asked. " 111 tho Black Hills. I sawed a million feet of lumber and built houses for two hundred soldiers. I had no earpeulcrs ; so I liad to make some. I know moro about it when I got through than when I began." Sleeny laughed — a cordial laugh that wagged his goldeu beard and made his wliito teeth glisten. " I'll bet you did !" he replied. The two men talked a few minutes liko old acquaintances ; then Sleeny gathered up liis tools and slung them over liis shoulder, and as ho turned to go both put out their hands at the same instant, with nn impulse tlmt sur prised each of them, and said " G ood- morn ing." [?] i Chapter VII. — Guostet Counsel. A man whoso intelligence is so limited as hat of Sam Slecny is always too rapid and l j rash in his inferences. Because lie liad seen , Farnham givo Maud a handful of roses lio was ready to believo things abont tlieir rela tions that had filled him with fury ; ami now, because he had seen tho snmo man talking with a beautiful girl and lier mother, the con viction was fixed in liis miud that Farnham's affections wore placed in that direction, aud thnt lie was therefore no longer to bo dreaded -cs a rival. Ho went homo happier, in this be lief, than ho had boen for many a day ; and so prompt was his progress in tho work of deceiv ing himself that he at once came to the conclu sion that little or uotliing iiow stood between liim aud tho crowning of liis hopes. His happi ness raado liim uriusunlly loquacious, and at the supper table ho oxcitcd the admiration of Alatciiiu and the surprise of Alaud by his vol- ublo history of the events of tlio day. He passed over Offitt's visit in silence, knowing that tlio Alatehius detested liira ; but ho spoko with enorgetic emphasis of tho beauty of tho houso, tlio handsome faco nnd kindly manners of Farnham, and tho wonderful beauty aud sweetuess of Alico Belding. "Did that hold tiling go to call on liim alone?" cried Miss Alaud, thoroughly aroused by this supposed offenco against tlio proprieties of life,. " AVhy, no, Mattio," said Sam, a litllo dis concerted. " Hor ma wns along." " AA'hy didn't you say so, tlion ?" askod tho unappeased beauty. " I forgot all about tho old lady, though sho wns moro chiuny than tho young one. She just seemed like alio was a practisiu' the mother-in-law, so as to do it without stuin- blin' when tho time come," " Hullo ? Do you think thoy are strikin' a match S" cried Saul in high glee. " That would bo first rate. Keep the money and tho property all together. There's too many of our rich girls marryin' but of the State lately — keeps bnildin' dull." "I don't beliove a word of it," Mand in terposed. " Ho aint a man to be caught by a simporin' school girl. And as to money, he's got a plenty for two. Ho can please himself when ho marries." "Yes, but maybe he won't plonso you, Alattio, and thnt would bo a pity," said tho irouicai Saul. The old man laughed loudly at his own sar casm, and pushed liis chair back from tho table, and Alaud betook herself to her own room, where she sat down, as her custom was, by tho window, looking over tlio glowing lake, and striving to readher dostiuy as she gazed into tho crimson and golden skies. Sho did not feel at all so sure as she pretended that thero was no dangerof tho result that Sleeny liad predicted; and now that she was brought faco to faco with it she was confounded at discovering how much it meant to her. Sho was carrying a dream in her heart which would make or ruin her, according ns it should provo truo or false. She liad not thought of herself as the future wife of Farnham witli any clearness of hope, but she found sho could not endure tlio thought of his marrying any ono else and pass ing for over out of lier rc-aoh. She sat there, bitterly ruminating, until tlio oveuing glow had died away from the lako aud tlio night breeze spread its viewless wings and flapped heavily in over the dark ridge and tlio silent shore. Hor thoughts had given lier no light of consolation ; her chin rested on her hnnds, her elbows oil her knees ; her largo eyes, grow ing more luminous in tiio darkness, stared out at tho gathering night, scarcely noting that tho sky alio gazed at had changed from a pompous scene of red and yellow splendor to an infinite field of tender and dark violofc, fretted with intense small stars. " AA'liat shall I do?" sho thought. "I am a woman. My father is poor. I have got no chance. Jurildy is happier to-day than I am, and got moro sense." Sho heard a timid rap at her door, and asked, sharply — " AVlio's thero ?" "It's mo," said Sleeny's submissive voice. "What do you want?" she askod again, without moving. " Mr. Bott givo me two tickets to liis seance to-niglit," — Sam called it " seeuns," — " and I thought mebbo you d liko to go." Thero was silence for a moment . Maud was thinking : " At any rate, it will be better than to sit here alone and cry all tho evenin"," So sho said, "111 comedown in a minute." Sho heard Sam's heavy step descending the stairs, aud thought what a different tread an other person had ; and sho wondered whether she would ever "do better" than take Sam Sleeny ; but she at once dismissed the thought. " I can't do that ; I can't put my hand in a hand that smells so strong of sawdust as Sam's. But ho is a good soul, and I am sorry for him every time I look in the glass." Looking in the glass, as usual, restored her good humor, and bIio started off to tho ghostly rendezvous with her faithful attendant. They never talked very much whon they wero alone together, and this evening both were thoughtful. Maud had never taken this com merce with ghosts much to heart. She had a feeling, which she could hardly havo defined, that it was a common nnd plebeian thing to believo in it, and if she over heard it ridicnied sho joined in tho cry without mercy. But it was an excitement aud an interest in a lifo so barren of both that sho could not afford to throw it away. She had not intelligence enough to be disgusted or shocked by it. If pressed to explain the amount of her faith in tlio wliole business, sue would probably havo said she thought " there was somutliiug in it," nnd stopped at that. In minds like hers there is no clpariy drawn line between the unusual and the supernatural. An apparent miracle pleased her a3 it would please a child, with out setting her to find out how it was done. Sho would consult a wizard, taking the chances of his having occult sources of information, with tho same irregular faith iu tlio unlikely with which some ladies call in homoeopathic practitioners. All tho way to tho rooms of Bott she wa3 revolving this thought in lier mind: — "Per haps he could tell me something abont Mr. Farnham. I don't think much of Bott; he has too many knuckles on his hands. I never saw a man with so many knuckles. I wouldn't mention Air. Farnham to him to save bis life, bat I might get something out of liim with out telling him anything. He is certainly a very smart man, and whether it's spirits or not, he knows lots of things." It was in tills mood that she entered the little apartment where Bott held what ho called his " Interraundane Stances." Tho room was small and stuffy. A simulacrum of a chest of drawers in one corner was reallj Bott's bed, where the seer reposed at night and which, tilted up against the wall due iug tho day, contained tho rank bedclothes long innocent of tho wash-tub. There were I dozen or so of canc-botlom chairs, a littli table for a lamp, but no other furniture. At ono side of the room was a sinali closet witln out a door, but with a dark and dirty curtate hung beforo its aperture. Around it wns I wooden railing, breast high. A boy with a high forehead, and hail combed behind ears largo and llariug hki those of a rabbit, sat by the door, aud took tlio tickets of invited guests aud tho half: dollars of tho casuals. The seer received everybody with a nerveless sliako of a clammy band, showed them to seats, and exchanged a word or two about tlio weather, and tho " con ditions," favorablo or otherwise, to spiritual activity. When lie saw Maud and Sam hil tallowy faco Gushed, in spots, with delight Ifo took tliem to tlio best places tho room afforded, aud stammered his p'leasuro that they had come. " Oh ! tho pleasure is nil ours," said Alaud, wlio was always self-possessed when she saw lnoti stainnioring. " It's a great privilege to get so near to tlio truth as you brill" us, Air, Bott." 'l'ho prophet had no answer roady' ; he merely Hushed again in spots, and some new arrivals called him away. Tlie room was now pretty well filled with the unmistakable crowd which always attend such meetings. They weio mostly artisans, of moro intellectual ambition than their fel lows, whose love of tlio marvellous was not held in control by any educated judgment. They had long, serious faces, and overy man of them wore loug hair afid a soft hat. - Tlieir women wore generally sad, broken-spirited drudges, to whom this kind of show was liko au opera or a ball. Thero were two or three shame-fneed believers of tho better class, who scoffed a little but trembled in secret, and a few avowed sceptics, young elorks on a nnid spree, ready, for fun if any should present itself. Bott stopped inside tho railing by the closet, and placing liis hands upon it addressed the assembly, lie did uot know what peculiar thapo the manifestations of the evening might lake. They were in search of truth i all truth was good. They hoped for visitors from the unseen speors ; lie could promise nothing. In this very room tho spirits of tho departed had walked and talked with their friends ; per- . haps they might do it agaiu ; ha knew not. How they mingled in the cnrtli-lifo, ho did , not pretend to say ; perhaps they materialised through the mejum ; perhaps they (loinateri- alised material from the audienco whicli tlioy rematerialised in visiblo forms ; as to that, tho opinion of another — ho Eaid with a spacious magnanimity — was ns good ns his. Ho would now request two of tlio audience to step up and tio liim. Ono of the long-haired ruminant; men stood up, and a young fellow, amid much nudging and giggling among tho scorucrs, was also forced from liis chair. They cama forward, tlie believer with a busincss-liko air, which showed practico, and tho young seeptio blushing and ill at case. Bott took a cliaic inside tho curtain, and showed tliem how to tio him. They bound liim hand and foot, the believer testified that the binding wns solid, aud tlio seeptio went to his seat, playfully stepping upon the toos of his scoffing friends. The curtain was lowered, and tho lamp was turned down. In a few moments a scnflling sound was heard in tho closet, and Bott's coat came flying out into the room. The believer pulled back tho curtaiu, and Bott Bat in his chair, iiiu siiirt sleeves gloaming white in tlie dusk. His coat was laid over his shoulders, and almost; as soon ns tho curtain was lowered lio yelled for light, and was disclosed sitting tied as be> fore, clothed in liis right coat. Again tho curtain wont down, amid a sigh of satisfaction from the admiring audience, and a choking voioo, which tried imrd not to sound liko Bott's, cried out from tho closet : " Turn down tlio light ; we want mora powor." Tlio korosone lamp was screwed down till linrdly a spark illumined tlio visible darkness, and suddenly a fiery hand appeared at the nperture of tho olosot, slowly opening, and shutting its long fingers. A half dozen voices murmured : "A spirit, hand ;" but Sam Sleeny whispered to Mund ; "Thorn aro Bott's knuckles, for coiu." Tha hand was withdrawn and a horrible face took its placo — a pallid corpse- liko mask, with lam-' bent fire Bporting on tho narrow forehead and the high cheek bones. It stayed only an in stant, but Sam said, " That's tho way Bott will look in — " " Hush 1" said Alaud, who was growing too. nervous to sinilo, for fear of laughing or crying. A sound of sobbing came from a sent to- the right of them. A poor woman had recog nised tho face as that of hor husband who haiij died in tho army, and she was drawing tha most baleful inferences from its fiery ad juncts. A moment later, Bott came out of tha closet, crouching so low that his head woa linrdly two foet from tho ground. Ho had a sheet nrovind his neck, covering his wholo person, nnd a while cap over his head, con cealing most of his face. In this constrainod nttitudo he hopped about the clear space in - front of tlio audience with a good deal of dexterity, talking baby- talk in a shrill falsetto. " Howdy, pnppa 1 Howdy, mamma 1 Itty Tmlie turn ndin !" A rough man and woman, between joy and grief, wero half hysterica). They talked to the toad-like mountobank in the most endear ing tones, evidently believing it was their dead baby toddling beforo them. Two or tiirce times tho same horrible imposture was repeated. Bott never made his appearance without somebody recoguisiug liim as a dear departed friend. Tho dim light, tho unwhole some excitement, the servile credulity fixed by long habit, seemed to produco a sort of passing . dementia upon tlio regular habituiis. AVith these performances tlio first part came to an end. The light was turned on again, and tho tying committee was requested to como forward and examine the cords with which Bott still seemed tightly bound. Tho sceptic remained scornfully in his seat, and so it was left for tho believer-' to announce that not a cord had been touched. Ho then untied Bott, who came out from the closet, stretch ing his limbs as if glad to be free, and an- nounced that there wouid bo a short inter mission for an interchange of views. — The . Century, 