Bly The Local Burial Grounds. e t A PUBLIC -meeting, Convened by. the Mayor -was held in tho Council Chambers on; WedueB s .day last,' for " the pUrpose of discussing the necessiiy for closing the variouB burial grounds within the town, and- taking the speediest steps for that end.'' His Worship the "Miyor (Mr. .J. Booth) occupied the chair, and, included'in the limited number present, were Messrs; E. Mason, J. M. Toohey, J. Y, Mills, S. J. Pearson, C. E. Fuller. S. Harper, J. Nobbs, — Watkin, J. Smith,J.,W. Withers, J B. Skipper, S. Parnell. Ht- De 'Lbw, and G. Wickham. The Mayor opened the meeting by reading the advertisement convening it. He desired to state that, to show the Council had hoc been remiss in their duty with respect to the closin of these burial grounds, three years ago Aid. Young had introduced a motion to the effect that a deputation from-the Counoil wait upon the Colonial Secretary asking hitu to take steps to have the buri&l; grounds blosed. The resolution when before the Council was freely discussed, and, on the motion of Aid. Burge, seconded by Aid.' Taylor, it was postponed to l that day. three months. Some time after Aid Young tabled another resolution, which-requested the member for Parramatta to bring -in ; a bill having for its purpose the closing of'' these. cemeteries.' The ^matter remained at that stage for a considerable time. "Looking over the records of Parliamentary proceedings, , he noticed that nothing had been accomplished in the matter by the member. After a long ; silence on the subject, some weeks ago Aid. Withers introduced a motion in Council to the effect $hat a by-law he introduced by the Bylaw Committee' to regulate the interment of the dead within the borough. There was a : great deal of argument on the question, as no doubt the aldermen saw tho necessity for closing these places. One argument adduced by an alderman was that as the burial ground had been opened , by an Act of Parliament it was incumbent that they be closed by an Act of Parliament. In speaking to his motion, Aid. Withers instanced a case at Newcastle as shewing that they had the power to act in con sonance with his motion; but this argument -was opposed by Aid. Taylor, who maintained that Newcastle being a oity, was regulated by different Acts to those which' regulated Parramatta, which was a town. He -had since ascertained that Aid, Taylor's view was incorrect, and that all the -towns and cities in the colony (with the exception of Sydney) were oontrolled by the Municipalities' Act of 1867. He gave e it as his opinion that a by-law framed by the Council, and forwarded for confirmation tothe o Attorney-General, would be sufficient toachieve what was desired. The municipality of Prospect and Sherwood had forwarded by-lawB to the Attorney- General, who simply pointed out where little inaccuracies existed. He believed that Parramatta had the power of acting in th same mannerBB Newcastle had. Aid. Wither withdrew his motion, aud nothing had been done in the matter till he (the Mayor) had bee requisitioned by several of the inhabitants. He invited those present to offer any remarks or suggestions. Mr. J. Y. Mills remarked that the reason why he moved in the matter was because he , saw it was necessary that something should be done. So far as appearances went he felt little inclination to oppose the interment of bodies within their midst, for he had no objection to -seeing a tomb-stone or a ghost, but he felt tha he must oppose the continuance of these burial from a sanitary point. There was a large number of Government institutions in town (which he enumerated) which produced an alarming death-rate. These institutions, for -the most part, contained people who came to the town to die. Latterly as-many as three s and four a day had been' received from these institutions and interred in St. John's. It so happened also that. they were not buried the proper depth. In the Roman Catholic cemetery, the bodies were buried at so shallow a) 1 depth that when any inclement weather occurred ithe earth was washed awav, and the bodies were exposed to view. The Newcastle Council had introduced a by-law which prohibited burial within 100 yards of any street or road, and the full court had rule , that the by-law was sufficient to prevent inter ment in ground so situated, although the ceme tery was not closed. The burial ground in Devonshire-street, Sydney, had been closed,- but a provision (to the effect that in tho event e the Colonial Secretary being informed as to de siring circumstances for the use of a family vault in that gronnd, he might grant its use) was allowed. If this were necessary in Parramatta, the Mayor should be vested with the Bame ll power. - He thought tho meeting should t. ask the Mayor to introduce a by-law in the- Council prohibiting 'the interment of any bodies within a certain distance of any road or 'street The Mayor then apologised for the absence of Mr. H. Taylor,' M.P., who promiusd to Tender - whatever .assistance he could in the matter. Mr. R. Harper' stated that no burial was made in St. John's at a less depth than five feet. • After a little incidental disoueeion, Mr. Mill moved,—"That the Mayor be requested- to' s draw up a by-law and present it tothe Counci f prohibiting interment within'the borough of Parramatta within 200 .yards of any'publio streetor road." - Mr. J. W. Withers seconded the resolution. Since h^ had heard that his motion was per 31et fectly" legal, he had' intended 1 to introduce 1 another one-in the Council in offect similar t the;one he withdrew some time Bince. Thereeouldbe no question-that the-matter, was one d that should'be immediately attended to. St. n John's burial Krouhd/had been full ever since g he was a boy. (Interruption.) He know the e object for. - which they .were "striving was tiot popular one,' -but he was an independent youn fellow. ' He acted in' the 'best interests of the ho town. It must be evident to everybody that the bttrial grounds were too thickly populated e He thought tho motion would meet the difficulty. ' V ' : ' ; y Mr. J. Nobbs, whiles agreeing-iirthe main with the remarks from tho mover an<\scconder considered at the same time that the resolution ' wotddjhardly meet thediffidulty l 'isnd''-he would moveMs hn amendment-that 4he Mayor be in structed to take the necessary steps for effecting the closing of these cemcteries. He could not agree with the vault proposal which had been sanctioned In the Levonshire-street Cemetery, as this would be creating a distinction between the riohattdthe poor. :(H6ar, hear.)' While ; they were agitating the closing of the cemetery they should alsb offer suggestions a to a euitable piece of land for the purpose of a . generaVcemetery, <He thought It would be S well if they invested the power in the corporation ofprocuring a Bite for all denominations. is Mr.' Mills stated that it had beeh aepiesonted to*the Government that theland set apart for a 'cemetery-drained into the river, and that it wa not likely that site would be availed of. MrJ J. M: Toohey,". - while' iappreciating th 'motives which induced the' gentlemen 'signing st the requisition to act in the matter, took exception to the mode of procedure'-'which had been Tesorted to that evening. He would dr«w their attention to. the fact that three resolution dehlinjf wiith the matter 'had been introduced into the Council, but whether from the'dilatory -character of the gentlemen composing.-that . Council or other causes nothing had been done He now conUdercd that as it had been relented tb the poftition of A publio movement, I 'was,tbeir:duty to act altogether independent of the Council, so that they would meet for som purpose and'-with some effect. -.'With that , object, 'he-would move, ss -an- amendment,' - I 1 .'That a deputation Consisting of 1 the ' Mayo Messrs. Mills, Fuller, Withers, and the mover wait upon the Colonial Secretary and point ou to him the great danger to health from tho number of burials within the borough of Par ramattOi especially from increasing burials from Government establishments, and asking that ^provision be made as early as possible t provide a burial ground orthe means bf acces motion,- moved by -Mr. Toohey. : -Mr. Harper referred to the outlay that had been made by some persons. He thought, however, they should close .the (pound altogether (if anything) without making any distinction. .. , Mr. Toohey stated : that in , all cases wher - land .was resumed by ;the :Goverametit,. the owners of that land came in for compensation He, thought the Government would have to resumo the: land before :they.'could CIOBC the burial grounds. _ Mr. J..Smith thought thero'was a real nece sity that something should bo done, and proceeded to give his experience of yaults gained . during a number of years occupied in undertaking. He did not agree in toto with eithe the resolution or amendment. T&ere; was ho satisfaction whatever for the public in the resolution, as many of the people had bought an pud for ground, in the local, cemeteries. And if they, succeeded, in getting', the g grounds closed, where would they biiry their dead? . The poor people could, not afford to go to Rookwood. He, however, was in favour of closing all 'tiie cemeteries; hut he should like-to see justice'.raeted out toall. No doubt those who lived nearest these burying grounds were the greatest sufferers. He thought the best course to take would be to wait on the Colonial Secretary and urge that .-stbpB be taken to close these CBmeteriea as soon as expedient. In justice to the people' of Parramatta, j he thought a funeral train should beputon. : He remarked that twenty years ago the hecossity. 1 of closing' these burying grounds was shown, and, if .it was necessary then, he thought it must be imperative how. Mr. 0. E. Fuller would support Mr. Toohey amendment.' The burial grounds should be closed for sanitary purposes. 'He was unholy enough to express himself in favour of cremation. ' Mr. H. De Low thought the amendment and resolution premature. In the firstplace, the amendment proposed that a deputation wait upon the Colonial Secretary to ascertain his s opinion and procure hiB assistance in the matter. Neither he nor the Attorney-General would offer any opinion. The .Attorney* General would simply inform them that it wa his duty to see that they did not supersede th law. - If the motion were carried, it would place the meeting in a ridiculousposition, and would compel the Council to -take a very injudicious step. There could be no doubt that a the biirying-grounds had been opened by an A of Parliament they would liave to be closed by an Act of Parliament. The Attorney-General would not allow the Act to be superseded by Eide-wind such as a by-law suggested in the motion would undoubtedly be. The Attorney- General would not allow the Act to be defeated in that manner. For his part, he coul see no necessity for closing the buryinggrounds, except a sentimental one. The people were as well off and as healthy as ever they were. He considered that the Government should be induced to convey their dead elsewhere, instead of using the public cemeteries e The time had not arrived for closing these s burying places. He thought they might prevent those who had not acquired rights from n using the buryine- groiuids. Mr. Airey believed that Parramatta was incorporated under the old Act of 1852, and that the Council consequently hud no control over the burial grounds, which were vested in trustees. An Act of Parliament had legalised these burial grounds, and no by-law issuing from the Council would have any effect. He contended that Alderman Young's motion Bhonldhave been re.introdnoed at the expiration of three months, instead of being allowed t to drop. He believed the action of that meet s ing did not meet with tho approbation of the people of Parramatta, and he maintained that no A.ct would prohibit the'people from buryin in their own ground. After a' few statistical remarks from Mr. Mills, the motion was carried. 1 A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the meeting. 