E N T Kit T A. IN MEN T. The entertslument, given by tbe cewiy tor- Vsrieiy Troupe of Amateur Minstrels, at tl.? ; Hall ou Tuesday niglii, wa«, no'-withstaud.:-.^ inclemency of tlie weather, largely patrouis-d ; the various parts of the performance werec.-. rendered by the members 'of the « Or course there were defects aud blemishes a? .. pared will! a we'l d'i'led professional iroup-; the membeii of the loogl conpaiiy are to giatulated oil the success which has at'.er.dei ; first appearance: Thejirograiume w«e a v6-v one, and the general verdict was that ai! r- - full value for their uioiiey. It i* hardly se ect one from the number of eood nature] y- fellows who assisted o.iiTpesday evening for prais-; but on tbe other hand 11 wouid be u. not to give well won commendation wiiere u du». Mr Hufjciun's pan dy on the Blue A «. Mountains wall certainly the feature of t..c part of the performance; while the pirt Jolinsing was.well pourtraye i by Mr Uu 1-r trotted out the corner men's joke*, (Sm: :.. tnmtiO; and Hosklog, bonis) iu tirs'. style. After tie first iutermis-iion the far • Ghost iu a Pawn Shop" was very credraM j.; onthistaae; and the parts were well r^p --- by Messrs Butler, Hoakim;, an.l 'irjm. gongs were rendered by Messrs !i. Batler, Grant and Hanson, which were a;-p.-;: by the audience ami one or two enc.ir-s w. r-: manded. Mr Thomas Hanson, juur.. conducted the music.I part of the per. '!:!, rendered tbe accompaniments iu a '•'•: nuer .u--- of much credit. 'Iheeiiteilaiiiin-nt concluii : the side-9plilting farce, "Tlie Four i.'.: Train," the cliaraters l«iiijs iin[)or3o;ia:..-; Messrs Butler ns Mr Dismal, Mi Hoskiu^ negto Pompey, aud Mr Evan's, aa he Giiott. interest in tbe farce wap inaintMine'l liirou..: the studied efforts of .the perforir.ers, an-i conclusion the compauy received a Will ovation. During the various inreivals tii-i : mentalists of the company, cons-.stin^ of Hanson, junr., (piano), Hancock (U ito), I- (violin), Kelly (comet), Er.nlie (bass), r^: several selections which afforded much ianV, to the aulience. Tlie entertainment iva, tinned on Wtdnes.lay night, more j)nr't;.:.i. i . afford an evening's amuaeinent for juvenile-, admission were fixed at a miii.n prices of sixpence and a maximum of one siniiiiu. ; from some cause unexplained tbe amiij.-iic-.- . half what was expected. The trooi'a !. . . played through the programme cieditablv. net proceeds of the two enti- rtaiumciiLs will a::, to about £15-. 