A SPRING POETESS. And now She got Hkb Work in on the Hobse-Editob. ' Is the roal editor in ?' ? A f-iirly good-looking young lady stood in the door-way and glanced around the apartment in' an inquiring fashion. ( ' Wo don't keep any supposititious editors on this paper,' eaid tho horse-reporter. ' Woll, I want to boo tho roal editor,1 con tinued the young lady— ' one that has ; got authority and can do something.' i ' Most any of thorn idn do something,' was the reply, 'if ybu'lot thorn . toll it,' but about having authority, that's difforent— they're pretty much all marrioa.' , . | ' Who has charge of the poetry.?' oontinuod the young lady; ' ' ' ' ''? ''', '?','?'.''' '' ,:l j 'I'ho janitor, mostly,, although ho doesh t clean 'tho 'windows often ' ''enough to'kecp the' stock reduced and give all tho poots a fair ohanco.' ' I havo writton a poomjwhioh I should liko to seo printed, bocauso it's my favourite .pupor ; pap.i bus taken it for twenty years.' ' Yos, wo kuow all' about that,' said tho horse roporter, ' Kvorybody that comcB along with a spavined old poem has a wild infatuation for thiB papor, and tho amount of desultory affoc Uod that has boon vicariously lavished on thu powerful organ of publio opinion would make your head swim. What kind of a poem is this, anyhow? Is it something about 'We shall never meet again, Arthur, novor meet again, till tho bloom is on tho heather, and spring chicken's turned to hon ?' — bccauBO if it is we don't want it. There's moro heather-bloom and ' boo tho rosebud's bursting beauty' pootiy around hero now than you can shake a stiok at. What wo want just now is some thing that will jibo with ttio season — no ' oh, tho morry, mor.y May-timo, with its wealth of floral bloom,' but, a vorso or two that lias a contemporaneous human interest, sujh as — ' Bear. tUo carpet gently, p ipa ; Do not Blug it quito so bard ; For you nover cun roplnco it Short of eiRhty cents n yard.' ' 'Do you think that is nice noetry?' askod tho young lady. 'Well, there isn't much 'I am wandering by the brooknido,' or ' Hark, tho lark, his note i« trilling ' business about, it, but it's good, ser viceable rhymo that appeals to the every day nature of people — a sort of freo-for-all Pierian spring nt which uliko the rich and poor may quaff without stint. Poetry th«t goes right into tho family circle and s^rikea a com n.on chord in the heart of all humanity is what's going to tako tho cake from thiB timo on. Something liko — . . Don't forget the pardon lioso ; ' Wipo tho darling baby's nosoi rut tho looicing- glasR and tootu-bru*h safo away * Hero is Liilu's other bustle ; Como now, girls, get up and hustle ; Wo aro moving - it's tho morry month of May.' 'My poem is about tho spring time, too',' said the young la^y, ' but is difforent from that.' 'How does it go? ' The- poet produced a roll of manuscript, and read as follows : I sat beside tho stroimlet, I wntohed the wator flow. As we together watched it Ono littlo year ago : The soft rain pattered on tho leaves, Tho April gross wub net. Ah ! 'tis fully to remember; ? 'Tis wiser to forget. The nightingale mado vocal Juno's palaco paved with gold ; I watched tho roso you gave mo Its warm red heart unfold ; But breath of roso aud bird's song Wero fraught with wild regret, ?Tin uiadne's to remember; 'Twero wisdom to forget. ' Now, in the first stanza of your poem,' said tho friend of Barus, ' it tcl!s about your sitting by tho creek. Then it i-ays that the soft ruin pattered on the leaves, and the April grass was wot, doesn't it ?' ' Yes, sir,' replied tho poet. ' I hope you had your gum shoes along, sis, because there is nothing sadder than lovely woman with a cold in her head. When catarrh comes in at tho window love flies out at the door. And thon, after filing the dote of your aqueous excursion to tho scene of your former reveries as being in April, you go on and tell a ghost story about the nightingale making vocal June's palace paved with pold. Now, I don't know anything about June's palace, or what it is paved with, but when you get to nightingales I am in the front row. 'X'his is a, Chicago poem and ought therefore to have some kind of topo graphical harmony about it. We might over-, look tho sitting by tho streamlet part, on the ground that you hat the catarrh, and couldn't smell the only Btream in this vicinity.' Poetic, licence would cover that, but the nightingale racket won't work.' ' Well, really, sir, I thought it was a good poem. Mamma thought so, too.' ? ? ; ' Your mother iB doubtless an estimable person,' said the horse-reporter ; ' but as a rule! the judgment of the gentle 6ex is more vuluable' in connection with how to compound bandoline, or the most approvod method of doing up back hair bo ns to mako it look like their 'own, -than when matters of a purely literary character are' under consideration.' ' Then you can't print my verses ?' said the young lady. ' ? ? 'Oh, yes, thoy will be printed.' 1 Thanks. Will they be sure to go in if you say bo ?' ???''! 'Yob.1 - .. - 'Well, I don't know. You seem rather, young to have auch a responsible position.1' : ' You remember what docrates eaid,' replied the horse-doctor. ' ''Young men for war; old mon for counsel '—in divorce cases.' : ; ' Good-day, sir,' said tho poet. i 'Bon jour,' replied tho horse-reporter. 'I don't know what -bon jour means, but the literary editor always says it, and when it comes to talking anything but United States he' is a largo white daisy with a yellow spot in the1 centre.' — Chicago Tribune.' .????? ?' ; 