Literature A SEA QUEEN. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author. of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'A Sailor's Sweetheart,' 'An Ocean Free Lance,' &c;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXVIII.--THE SHADOW OF DANGER. Well, this incident was but an adventure of the deep, and, having related it, I will say no more about it, though it left such an impres- sion upon my mind that, to this moment, I see the wreck and her crew as plainly as when I beheld them from the deck of the Aurora. I come now to staff of a different fibre— to our own shipwreck, indeed, and to the dreadful and astonishing perils we en- countered, until our deliverance from all the misfortunes which befel us in the Aurora, and after we had quitted her. The hurricane, as you know, terminating in a steady gale of wind, blew as along, under reefed topsails, all that day and night, giving us a famous run in the twenty-four hours, for besides the speed of the barque, we had the impulse of the seas, which, catching us so rhythmically that you might have counted, say, twenty between the rise and fall of the vessel's counter, without being one over or under for a dozen times together, ran us for- ward almost as fast as the wind itself with every heave, so that, although the wind failed us at about ten o'clock next morning, yet when Richard came to calculate his observa- tions at noon, he found that our run since twelve o'clock on the preceding day was a littte over 286 marine miles, or a full 12 knots an hour. We then had a short spell of calm; but, at about two in the afternoon, there came a light air from the eastward, which, freshening up, drew into the north-east, and within an hour of the first of the puff we had the trades strong on the beam, royals set, land a foretopmast- studding-sail out, the barque leaning down with dry decks, and the hot yellow sunshine sparkling in her mast and on the brass-work and the glass, whilst the foam sped away from under our counter, and danced in a line of snow upon a sea as bright and beautifully blue as the soft heavens over which the trade clouds were sweeping in scattered wool-white shapes. If all had been well with us aboard there would have been but little to complain of as regards the weather so far. The hurricane was indeed frightful; but we had come through it unharmed, and it did us good by leaving a gale behind, which blew us fairly into the trades. We had made a fast run, and Richard talked of fetching Sierra Leone early in March. But not only the behavior of the men, but the circumstance of the mate being imprisoned in his cabin, cast a gloom upon us which was not to be cleared away by prosperous breezes and swift sailing. I speak of myself particu- larly. I was never easy in the cabin, either when alone or with Richard. If ever I was disposed to laugh my merriment was imme- diately checked by the reflection that the mate was locked up in that berth just over against us, and would hear me. There was no freedom. We had to converse in low voices, and the idea that Mr. Heron could hear all that was said acted with such constraint upon my husband, that I would, again and again, catch him about to speak, and then stopping and considering well what he was going to say before uttering it. Talking to him in our berth on one occasion, I said, "Why not see the mate, lecture him well, and offer his freedom and a promise of forgiveness if he will go to his work again dutifully, and withhold all sympathy from the men." "It's too late," he replied. "Why, we shall be arriving at Sierra Leone presently. Besides, I don't forgive him. He is a rascal. I'll have him dealt with as he deserves." "Then can't you get him out of the cabin?" said I. "The odious steward made it uncom- fortable enough before; but, now that the mate is boxed up like a spy in a cupboard, listening to all we say, it is positively unbear- able." "Where can I put him, Jess? In the Hold? It's full of coal. In the forecastle? There's nothing he and the men would like better? In the lazarette, where there is no light and no air, and where any rats the Aurora may have shipped at Sunderland would be very glad to welcome him." "Have you seen him since he has been under lock and key?" I asked. "No," he answered, "and I don't want to see him." "How do you know that he is properly fed or that he may not be ill?" "Why," said he, laughing, "by his keeping quiet. If anything were amiss in that way he'd soon make his wants known. Those 'long- shore scowbanks are not a diffident body of people." As you now see, it could not be helped. My husband had chosen to lock up his mate for the reasons you have read, and there was no other place but his own berth to confine him in. But the thought that he was there, listening— imprisoned by my husband, who could release him if he chose, hating us so that the very sound of our voices would be detestable to him— made the cabin quite in- tolerable. I only used it for meals, for, when I was not on deck, I occupied the little spare berth and sewed or read in it, and I never passed through the cabin without feeling as though there was a ghost at my heels. It was a great pity, for it was a pleasant little cabin. When the sunshine lay on the open skylight, it was full of radiance that rippled in tiny billows upon the polished bulk- heads; the windsail kept it breezy, and there was room to move about; whereas the sleep- ing berth was small and close, lighted by a bull's eye, and ventilated by a little scuttle that was, fortunately, to windward in the trades, so that I was able to keep it open, for had it been to leeward, the sweltering atmos- sphere, caused by the fierce sun beat- ing upon the deck overhead, would have rendered the box of a place uninhabit- able. Meanwhile there were no more open acts of mutiny among the men— I mean, there were no more collisions between my husband and his crew— though one very nearly happened two days after we had sighted the Danish wreck, by Dan Cock, the mullatto, who was in the port watch, that my husband now had charge of, saucily answering some order that was given him. He stood just before the main hatch, and my husband went up to him and told him to repeat what he had said. Richard afterwards told me that he was in the temper to have strangled the colored man, and Dan Cock probably wit- nessed this intention in his face, for, shrinking away, he said he didn't want to be impudent \--he was willing to do his work— and so my husband left him. This was very for- tunate, for had Richard struck the man, the others would certainly have rushed in to de- fend him, and I dare not think what deeds of violence must have followed; for, if ever men were possessed by the devil, the Aurora's crew were; indeed, our forecastle was like a house filled with inflammable goods; the least spark would have set the seamen on fire. But though there was no open revolt, yet, as the time went past, Richard's anxiety deepened, insomuch that over and over again he would lie awake a whole watch below, weary as any man could well be, yet to nervous and apprehensive to close his eyes. He was full of forebodings, though unable to give shape to his fears. On the day preceding the dreadful trouble, the relation of which I am about to enter on, he came below, after keeping the deck four hours, and sitting down at the table in our berth, leaned his face on his hand without looking at me. "What particularly troubles you, Richard?" I asked him. "Have the crew been worrying you again?" "Not more than they usually do," said he. "How glad I shall be when we make our port, Jess? I feel to be growing light-headed for the want of sleep!" "You should take things a little more easily," said I. "So long as the men keep their mutterings to themselves, and do the ship's work, we may say that all's well." "Why yes we may say that," he replied. "It's the feeling myself to be alone amongst, these ruffians— the man who ought to be at my side helping me locked up — and the second mate more friendly with the crew than ever Heron was — it's these things which make me anxious. But it's the lot of every ship- master to be anxious. Don't let my manner weigh with you, dear. You're quite right to say that whilst things go on as they are all's well." "Aye, Richard," said I, "but your anxiety is not of the ordinary kind. You have mis- givings which make no part of the usual sea life. I wish you would talk to me unre- servedly. First, any shirking or glossing-- over of your troubles only ends in leaving me gloomier; and, next, if you do not take me into the very heart of your confidence, what opinion can you have of me as a wife?" "Indeed, Jess," said he, smiling at my warmth, "I talk to you as I would to no other human being in this world. Since you will have all that's in my mind, I'll answer that my opinion of the men is so low— they have shown such an utter want of principle and honesty in their conduct — that I believe them capable of any crime that can be imagined. To be afloat with such men, and to have you with me among them, is surely enough to account for my manner." "But do you think they mean to do a mis- chief?" said I. "No," he answered; "I won't say that. My anxiety lies in my thinking them capa- ble of doing a mischief." "But suppose them resolved, Richard, what form could their mischief take?" "I can't answer that," said he. "I do not know. But there are many forms." "Will you name one?" I exclaimed. "No," he replied, "I won't name even one. I'm not going to fill your head with horrors." "But they must have some sense of the law," said I. "They may play, as it were, round the brink, where they can be defiant and safe too, but they are not likely to do anything to risk their necks." "There's no use theorising about them," said he, speaking as though he felt the subject ought to be dropped for my sake. "There is nothing more exceptional than to find a whole ship's company turn upon their captain, even when they have substantial reason for mutinying; for there are always one or two cautious or honest men who will hang back and refuse to come into so awkward and dan- gerous a muddle as a mutiny. But here is a whole crew mutinying without a cause. There is no hanging back; they all pull together, and the mates are with them. I have thor- oughly overhauled my conduct, but can find nothing to justify their behavior. I am no bully; I have endeavored to treat them con- siderately. When I reprimanded Mr. Heron, I spoke quietly. There is no cursing and swear- ing; no bouncing in me. The provisions are good. The hands who profess to be incom- petent are as able as the others of whom no complaint is made; and though I will not deny that the crew is, on the whole, small, considering the vessel's tonnage, there are enough seamen to work her, and the number is up to the average. Therefore their grum- bling and mutinying merely means that they are a gang of unprincipled vagabonds— as if the forecastle of a dozen ships had been searched for its most growling loafers to fur- nish out a complement for this vessel. Ashore these men would be pickpockets, thimble- riggers, the scum of the rogueries, which haunt the east end streets of London, and hang about police courts and racecourses. They have brought their principles to sea, and call themselves sailors. But I am no easier in their company for that. They feel themselves a long way off from the law out here, and I must watch them closely, Jess, until I can get the police aboard." There was not a word of this that could be contradicted. However, he had said as much as he intended, and would answer no more questions, believing he had gone too far al- ready, and that it would end in my thinking that the men were only waiting for an oppor- tunity to murder us both. Well, the next day the trade winds that had swept us nobly down to the parallel where we then were failed us, though we were still to the north of the equatorial latitudes, where they usually terminate— that is, when you are sailing south in the North Atlantic. Whether this was owing to our being well to the eastwards I cannot say; but if there be any foundation in the theories of the people who have written explanations about these trade winds, then the vast hot continent of Africa has much to do with the capricious- ness of the breezes, gales and tornadoes which are encountered by vessels when they get within a few hundred miles of those broiling coasts. It was the hottest day we had yet had. The morning temperature was not so extreme, because, the lingering wind kept the deck cool under the little awning that was spread aft; but after dinner— that is, at about half-past two— it was simply roasting. Suffocating as the cabin was, it was as bad on deck. In the sun whatever the hand touched burnt the flesh as though it were hot iron. The pitch in the plank seams was as soft as putty. A kind of bluish haze floated upon the decks, like the vaporous exhalation that hovers over marshy soil early in the morning. There was a faint swell upon the sea, but the water was like polished steel— of that very color indeed; an ashen grey, shot with a bluish light— not the merest film of a catspaw darkened it, not the least wrinkle or fibre of mo- tion tarnished the breathless quicksilver of the huge, faintly breathing circle. The heavens were stainless, too; a deep, most beautifully tender, African blue, a wonderful concave of glorious azure that kept the loveli- ness of its surpassing hue down to the waterline, where, I have observed in northern climes, the finest blue will lighten until it becomes very nearly white. Almost overhead stood the sun, a burning fiery eye; one would have said the orb was a gigantic magnifying glass, in which was concentrated the heat of flaming luminaries. The barque gently leaned with the swell, but I took notice of a certain parched aspect aloft, a baked and dusty thin- ness in the appearance of the canvas, whose white cloths shone with the brilliancy of chalk, and a worn look in the running gear, and even in portions of the standing rigging, such as old rope has. About fifty feet distant, on the port quarter, was a block, leaf-shaped object forking out of a grey oily surface, and motionless as we were. I thought it was a bottle at first, but looking at it again, and seeing that it was not a bottle, nor indeed anything resembling the waifs one meets at sea, I called Richard's at- tention to it, and asked him what it was. "Why," said he, giving the thing a careless look, "it's the dorsal fin of a shark, Jess. I'll bring him under the counter, where you will be able to see the beast, if you can endure the sun for a minute." He called to the steward to hand him up an empty bottle, and going to the taffrail threw it overboard. The bottle made a little splash, and the black and gleaming fin advanced swiftly through the water, looking very much like the back of a negro's hand, with the fingers together. The refraction of the light soon rendered the fish discernible, and a mon- strous creature he was, a full fifteen feet. If I vividly remember him it is because, no doubt, I saw him on a day I am never likely to forget. His back, which was just under the surface of the water, was as black as if it had been newly coated with tar. There was not a point of him that had not a chilling deadliness of suggestion in it, from the shovel-shaped snout to the long malignant barbed tail, the upper barb shooting out and curling up far beyond the other. "Did any man ever see a more ferocious looking brute!" exclaimed Richard, gazing with real awe at the monster, for he had never supposed the fin he had lightly glanced at be- longed to such a fish as this. The shark floated up to the bottle and smelt it, giving it a little shove with his square nose, as if to test its nutritive qualities or its flavor; meanwhile casting up its bright and evil eyes at us with so much of horrible sagacity in the expression of them, that I instinctively caught hold of Richard's arm and shrank back. "Look, Jessie!" cried my husband, "dash my buttons if he's not going to bolt the bottle!" and peering over, sure enough I saw the fearful creature slowly turn over, until his belly, colored like the inside of a mussel shell, gleamed under the water; his huge jaws opened, disclosing a tremendous battery of teeth, and the bottle disappeared. "After that," exclaimed my husband, "I'll believe anything Jack chooses to tell me about what's found inside a shark." The fish rolled over again, and the black fin came to the surface, but he now stayed under the counter, peering upwards as if asking for another bottle. Michael Craig, an able seaman, was at the wheel, but though a shark is always an object of curiosity, even to an old sailor, and though Craig could have seen the fish by stepping back without letting go of the wheel, I observed that he never so much as turned his head whilst Richard and I were looking at the shark and talking about it, a circumstance than which I know nothing better to give you on idea of the sullen, sulky deportment of the men, and how they stood off, so to speak, from my husband, as though he were a tyrant, and had found them a hun- dred reasons for hating them. The calm lasted through the whole after- noon. The heat of the sun was so fierce that the image of the poets when he speaks of the very deep rotting, seemed to be realised as I cast my eye over the boundless, breathless, thick, and stagnant ocean; and it was with a feeling of real gratitude that I saw the roasting orb— a globe of blood-red fire— sinking behind the sea, kindling under him in the water long crimson flames, which waved with the swell, and filled one side of the firmament with a haze of dark gold light, in which the horizon vanished as though a fog were there. When the sun was gone the night soon came down, for there was but the briefest pause of twi- light, and then the air fell cool, though the decks kept their heat for a long time in spite of the dew, which lay so thick that the star- light crusted the bulwarks and portions of the planking and the skylight and companion as though they had been powdered with diamond dust. CHAPTER XXIX.--THE DESTRUCTION OF THE AURORA. My husband had the first watch— that is, from eight to twelve. I remained on deck with him until eleven, dreading the close cabin. There was something very beautiful and seductive in the huge leaning space of hushed black waters, and the fascination of it was strong enough to keep me lingering, even had the sleeping berth been cool and in- viting. I walked or sat with Richard all the time, talking much of home and that loss of ours that had made me eager to come to sea that I might be with my husband. Never before had I so felt the wondrous magic of a deep night calm upon the ocean. The stars of the first magnitude shone richly, and yet with a blandness in their sparkling, and dropped little wakes of silver light in the ebony surface under them. Once a beautiful sun-bright meteor leapt out of the folds of darkness and floated swiftly athwart our mastheads, making a wide circumference of light around it as though it were a little moon. Here and there the swell was haunted by a faint flash of phosphorous, that deepened to my humor the mystery of the spacious arena of gloom and silver stars and soundless deep. At times the canvas murmured softly aloft, or there would steal from the bows the muffled sob and wash of water as the barque rolled. Above all, the air was deliciously cool, so heavily dew-laden that as the sails floated in and out I could hear the moisture patter in little showers. But at eleven o'clock it was high time to go to bed; so away I went, wondering if Richard would find me asleep when he came below at midnight. Everything was quiet in the cabin, and the lamp burning dimly. The berth was very close, and yet not so oppressive as I had feared. I put my face to the open scuttle, and stood a few minutes looking at the small cir- cumference of starlit sky which that aperture made visible. I then went to bed, and pre- sently fell asleep. I have some recollection of Richard coming to the cabin when his watch was up; but he was always very quiet in his movements, and never disturbed me, so if I looked at him I immediately fell asleep again. As I afterwards calculated, I had been sleeping about an hour and a half, when I had a nightmare. I dreamt that I was at home in Newcastle sitting with father in the old parlor, when in some mysterious way, possible only in dreams, the room burst into flames. We tried to get out, but the door was locked. The fire caught my father's clothes, and in an agonised voice he told me to open the window, as his hands were burnt off. But I could not move. The flames roared around me, and the smoke grew denser and denser, and I felt myself to be actually suffo- cating when I started up, covered with per- spiration, with all the horrors of nightmare upon me. The bracket lamp was alight, but what was the matter with it? It burned with a hazy dimness, and the berth seemed full of fog. There was a disgusting flavor of poisonous fumes in my month, and I drew my breath with so much difficulty that the suffocation I felt in the nightmare was as strong upon me now that I was awake as it was in my dream. I sprang out of my bunk, and I suppose this action thoroughly aroused me, for I then perceived that what I took to be fog was smoke, impregnated with a smell of burning as well as with the unspeakable nauseous fumes I have mentioned. Richard lay in his bunk sound asleep, and breathing heavily. He was in his trousers and waistcoat, completely dressed in all but his coat and boots, for he seldom took off his clothes now when he lay down; I grasped his arm and shook him. As a rule he was a very light sleeper, up and with all his senses about him at the first touch or call; but though I shook him roughly he only muttered, and coughed in a choking way, and never opened his eyes. Indeed, he seemed to be stupefied. The smoke in the berth perceptibly thickened, and I felt that I should suffocate if I re- mained another minute in the place; and the dying feeling, as it were, filling me with a kind of frenzy, I grasped my husband again, shrieking out that the barque was on fire, and in a few moments he opened his eyes with an expression of amazement that instantly changed to one of indescribable horror. "My God, Jessie!" he cried, battling for his breath, "what is this?" He jumped on to the deck, and flung open the door. The cabin was as full of the sickening fog- like fumes as the berth, but mercifully, the vapor was not denser there than it was with us, otherwise we must have been strangled as we stood by the first in-roll. "Where are your clothes?" he cried. "Col- lect what you can, immediately." And whilst I dragged down my dress from the peg on which I had hung it, and grasped the rest of my wearing apparel, which I had folded and laid together on the top of the locker, he pulled on his boots, swung his coat over his arm, grasped me by the wrist, and ran with me to the companion- ladder. It was but a few paces, yet I was nearly swooning by the time I put my foot on the steps. Richard helped me up; but though the night air— and oh! how can I describe the delicious sweetness of the first draught of it, after the deadly vapor I had been drawing into my lungs— almost immediately recovered me, so far as my faintness was concerned; yet, so great had been the shock of waking from a dreadful nightmare into the reality of fire and the suffocation of the smoke, that I stood as one who has been dazed by a cruel blow on the head, sick and giddy, and trembling so violently that had I not kept hold of my husband's arm I should have fallen. It was dark, but still a most beautiful, fine night. There was a draught of wind blow- ing, though but a very light air indeed. All was as still as death along the decks. The black circumference of the wheel was visible against the stars over the horizon, but it was deserted. I could not make out the merest shadow of a human figure forward, and glancing aloft I perceived that the foreyards were laid aback, and that the barque was hove-to, though she was under all plain sail, from the main royal to the gaff topsail. There was no appearance of fire; even the binnacle lamp had gone out, or been extin- guished; the only glimpse of light aboard the vessel came through the skylight from the dimly burning cabin lamp; but from all parts of the barque, round the coamings of the hatches, from the points where the masts penetrated the deck, from her sides and other places, which I should have believed imper- vious, there floated up thin rills and spiral drainings of vapor, breaking out with a kind of hovering motion like steam from a bed of manure. The smoke was plainly to be seen in the starlight, and when it rose a foot or two above the bulwarks the light air settled it away to sea. All this we saw, as I may say, in a breath, though it is not so quickly described. Richard stood at the companion, looking around him, whilst I, letting go of his arm, began to clothe myself with trembling hands, discovering as I did so that I had happily brought with me all that was essential, even to my shoes and hat. "Is there anybody about?" shouted Richard, putting his hand to the side of his mouth. His voice rang with a hollow note along the deck, and was faintly echoed in the canvas aloft. No answer came back. "Mr. Short!" he shouted again. The faint breeze sighed softly in the rigging, and there was a little tinkling sound of water rippling against the side of the vessel; but no reply was made and no one appeared. I cannot express how shocking the silence made our situation. Richard ran forward, but was gone barely a minute. "The crew have left us," he ex- claimed. "They have gone away in the long boat. Look! do you see the tackles at the yard arms?" said he, pointing up. "How softly the villains did their work!" "Oh, Richard," I cried, his words bringing the mate to my mind, "Mr. Heron is below, locked up, and will be suffocated." Before the sentence had fairly left my lips my husband rushed down the companion. The smoke oozed heavily up through this aperture, more fully charged than before with the foul, disgusting, poisonous, gaseous fumes I have mentioned; and I stood in agony, waiting for Richard to return with the mate. Indeed, I can never forget the torture of that passage of waiting. Happily, it was but short. In a few moments my husband came running up the ladder with his hands over his mouth, and the instant he reached the fresh air he threw himself down and was violently sick; and what was much more terrifying to me, I perceived that his hands and the lower part of his face were covered with blood that had been forced from him by the poisonous gas. I ran to one of the scuttle butts, and filling the dipper, brought it to him. The cold water and the cleansing of his mouth, face, and hands refreshed him; and he then got on to his feet. "Did you find the mate?" said I, afraid that he was going to tell me that the mate was dead, suffocated in the berth in which he had been locked up. "He is gone with the others," he answered. "His door is wide open. The berth is full of smoke, and I had to grope about, and feel in his bunk. He is gone," he repeated; but that was all he said on that subject then. He now ran over to one of the quarter- boats, and looked at it, and when he returned he had recovered his composure, and spoke calmly. "They have had humanity enough to leave us the choice of two boats," said he, "though I dare say they hoped the poisonous smoke would prevent us from wanting them. Thank God, there is no hurry. These fumes mean that the cargo is on fire, and that the mates and men are at the bottom of it. That it has been done in the belief that it may kill us outright, or at least prove a heavy profes- sional disaster to me, I am sure as that I stand here, if only from the manner in which the whole of the villains have sneaked away from us. Jess, we must try and save our lives. Let us be cool; let us have faith in God's mercy. Stay where you are— nay, come further away from the companion, out of the road of the smoke. I shall return in a moment." He hurried forward and disappeared. He was absent about three minutes, and then re- turned, bearing a bundle in his hand, which he carried to the quarter-boat and then threw into her stern sheets. At the same time he took a small breaker out of the bows of the boat, and bearing it to the scuttlebutts, filled it with the dipper, afterwards bringing the little cask and the dipper back to the boat. I stood looking on, for I did not see how I could help him. I will not say that even yet I realised all the horror of our situation. Had the least point of flame showed itself, the full sense of our peril would have rushed upon me. But remaining to a certain extent dazed by the rush and consternation which had followed the first shock of discovery, and nothing appearing but the little crawlings and creepings of smoke, whilst the vessel lay still upon the black, star-tipped sea, with all her old beauty glimmering in spaces of spectral white in the darkness, it was impossible for me to master all the significance of the shock- ing misfortune that had come upon us. It seemed, indeed, no more than a dream — a mere change in the nightmare that had paralysed me in my sleep below. When Richard had stowed the breaker of fresh water in the boat, he jumped inside, and again thoroughly tested and felt over her, to make sure that the devilish malice of the men had not converted her into a trap for us, and then called me to him and told me to help him to lower the boat into the water. I needed no instruction on this head, for I understood all about the lowering gear of boats; so that when Richard was ready I took a secure turn round a belaying pin with the hauling part of the after fall, and care- fully lowered away with him. When the boat was in the water my husband descended into her by one of the falls, unhooked the blocks, and brought her to the main chains, where he made her fast by the painter. He then came on deck. As he sprang from the bulwarks he stumbled so as to fall lightly on his hands. He instantly jumped up, ex- claiming, "Jess, put your hand to the deck. The wood's as hot as an oven." I did as he bade me, and found the deck hotter than if the meridian sun had been pouring upon it. This we had not noticed before — first, because we had our shoes on, and secondly because the deck was hot only forward of where the cabin bulkhead was--- that is, over the hold where the coal lay. But the discovery that the deck was hot frightened my husband out of his cool manner. "Jessie, Jessie," he cried, "you must get into the boat at once! at once! The vessel is full of fire. The cargo must be in flames to make the deck so hot as this, and there may come an explosion at any moment." And so saying he ran to the bulwarks and dragged me up, then helped me into the chains, and from the chains into the boat. He was hesitating a moment as he stood in the bows of the boat, with his hand on the hitch of the painter, as if considering whether he should stay where he was or go on deck again, when the forward canvas was thrown out on the darkness by a flash of greenish light. It came and went so quickly that I thought it was lightning until a glance round at the cloudless sky assured me that it must have been caused by the leaping of a jet of flame from some aperture in the deck. The smoke that was rising from various points of the hull also grew dense and darker, and my husband, putting his hand against the vessel's side, exclaimed that it was hotter than the deck. The sudden burst of flame and the increas- ing heat and smoke determined him. He cast the painter adrift, and picking up an oar shoved the boat's head off, and then came aft and sculled her for a distance of about fifty fathoms from the barque, where we lay watching the burning vessel. (To be continued.) 