&t-Auoihl; /ProbaWythe OK*t noteworthy ion- mtii *tto; |j' Wilson and Corrigan were misled. I doubt if we saw the best of cither Ontario or Prospect, for both struck me as being sus ceptible of improvement, though I doubt if Prospect will ever be so good an animal as Sir Peter. The Joker was undoubtedly the \ most promising among the debutante, and now tliut he has shown his ability to jump Mr. Cook will 110 doubt keep him at the game. There was nothing very grand amongst the maiden steeplechasers, Hope being the best bf thein, and had he hot been interfered with at the firat stone wall, and 6tumbled on to his nose a mile from home, he would have won easily enough. In the Grand National Hurdle Pace Prospect proved even a greater fraud than Ontario, for he was never dangerous at any point, and was one of the last to pass the post The report that Dizzy was not himself was altogether unfounded, for not one of the competitors was fitter. I believe, however, that he had not been feeding well, and this probably gave rise to the rumour tnat he was not progressing favourably. llhesuB ran a good horse, but as he was meeting an animal almost, if not quite, as good as himself it was too much to expect him to stretch the neck of ahorse that had 2st. 51b. the best of the weights. Basilisk,too, showed good form, and I expect to see Sparine display some improvement upon Saturday s running, forhe is certainly one of the best-looking of the horses that figured at Flemington. What would have been the result of the Grand National Steeplechase had not that unfortunate accident occurred it is difficult to say. Australian Court was in a good position when he fell over Chrysalis, but Blackthorn was several lengths to the good at the time, and game finisher though Sailor has always proved himself, he could never make any impression upon the son of Alarm, who was turned out in splendid form by Mr. George Glasscock. Trumpeter ran a good horse, being in the front rank all the way, but the weight told on him during the last quarter of a mile, and he cut one of his hind legs severely at the stone wall. Black Jacket, too, was always in a good pbsition. yet he is nothing more than a pony, and had Australian Court and Chrysalis stood up he certainly would not have gained a situation. Harper-Thompson ran respectably, though he was lame afterwards, but we bad no opportunity of judging what Lizette was capable of, as tne lad who rode her looked on after she ran off. It was hard upon Mr. Pyers to see his horse Sunlight disqualified for being a quarter of a pound short m the Selling Hurdle Race, and it was also unfortunate for those who had backed him, thongh I believe one or two landed a good stake on Wild Harry, so that once more the ill wind blew favourably for somebody. Transferred was put about as a real good thing for the Flat Race, but again was the Caulneld stable in error, for The Ghost, with his 9st 121b., ran a great horse, while Transferred never came anigh. The winner turned up in Virago, a good-looking daughter of Calumny's Brother, Slanderer, and Miss Saxon, not backed for a shilling by her owner, and thus ended one of the most disastrous days ever experienced by the Sublic at Flemington, not a single favourite aving won. Blackthorn in the Grand National Steeplechase was the greatest " facer " of the lot, and as several of the Flemington touts had given him as a " cer tain loser," the bookmakers raked in the spoil by thousands. The disqualification of Matador for the Grand National Hurdle Race was a hard case for the owner. It appears that the horse was incorrectly nominated as aged in stead of six years old, and on it being discovered, Mr. Bartlett, on behalf of Mr. Waugh, gave a friend £6 to pay for amending the horse's nomination. Instead of paying the cash to the V. R.C., the person in question gave his cheque, and on being presented it was returned, as there were not sufficient funds in the bank to pay it. Instead of communicating with the owner of the horse, the matter was allowed to rest until Batty presented himself at the scales to weigh for the horse, when the clerk of the scales in formed Mr. James Redfearn that he would not be allowed to start, for the reason given above. It will be Been, then, that neither Mr. Waugh nor Mr. Bartlett was to blame in the matter. Of course, as the horse was not qualified to start, all bets will be off. It's an ill wind that blows nobody good, for had it not been for this little contretemps the Dizzy party would not have been able to secure the services of that excellent jockey Batty, who had been engaged to ride Matador, and at the time had the colours on. M'Gowan, I believe, refused to ride Dizzy, for what reason I know not, and Matador | being disqualified, Batty of course was available. Somebody informed Mr. Forth, who rushed after Batty, engaged him for Dizzy, and had him weighed with Matador's colours on, hence the change in the cap and jacket. It was a lucky ride for Batty, for he was pulling over everything all the way, and directly it came to racing, all he had to do was to lay in a good place, come inside the distance, and win in the com monest of canters, this ridiculously easy vic tory quite justifying; the comments that were made respecting; the handicapping of the horse. Unfortunately for the public, it was reported from Ballarat that Dizzy was not doing well, and as a consequence he was backed for little or nothing outright until the horses were being saddled. A great deal of money was however invested in the double Dizzy and Lizette, and as this was the only way in which the bookmakers could be struck to any extent Hingston's conduct in not per severing with the Warrnambool mare was considered strange. Mr. Moran had him before the stewards, but the jockey explained that the mare ran off, and he got both feet out of the stirrups. Before he could turn her round the field had got so for away that he considered pursuit hopeless, and therefore stood and looked on. The close of the season has been attended by fearful accidents in steeplechases, no less than three jockweys having been killed in the space of a few weeks- It was only the other that the lad Rose was crushed to death by his horse falling on him at Wyndham. Then on Wednesday last, McSorley met a similar fate while riding The Hawk at Port Augusta, and now we have to reoord the death of poor Archie McInnes who was killed; while riding Chrysalis in the Grand National Steeplechase on Saturday last. McInnes was a quiet well behaved young man, and in hsi time had ridden many winners. The poor fellow was the main support of his mother for whom Mr. L. L. Smith started a subscription after the races and Mr. Inglis headed it with £10, over £100 was collected in the space of a few minutes. Another weB4nownViotorlan Jockey met with a awdotts acadent This . whose horse the Adelaide during his career won several good races in the sister colony. There was one deficiency at Flemington on Saturday last, and that was the absence of a band. I believe the finance committee de murred at the expense, and thus, for the sake of a few pounds, the visitors were deprived of the beautiful music which has for some time been one of the features of the V.11.C. meetings. The ladies, especially, were disap pointed. Dizzy's ridiculously easy win in the Grand National Hurdle Race did not escape the ob servation of the Melbourne division, and on Saturday night I believe he was purchased by Mr. T. P. O'Brien for 350 guineas, and afterwards sold to Mr. A. F. Smart for 400 guineas. Considering that he is one of the best bred horses in the colony, and that he | is a fair performer on the flat, he was cheap enough at the price. Although the crock cross-country stable of Ballarat did not appropriate an}' of the good things dispensed by the V.R.C., three of the prizes fell to horses trained at Dowling Forest, Dizzy, Wild Harry, and Virago all hailing from there. The funeral of M'Sorley, the jockey who was killed at the Port Augusta meeting,-took place in Adelaide on Friday, gnd was largely attended. Mr. Filgate had a photograph taken of the procession as it was entering the cemetery gates, and has forwarded it to the deceased lad's mother. Mr. J. O. Inglis's conduct in scratching Buzza 10 minutes before the Maiden Steeple chase on Saturday last was certainly not sportsmanlike. The almighty dollar was again the cause, and it was thus. The public were backing Buzza pretty freely because they bad seen him win so easily at Caulfield, and also because he belonged to a memlier of the V.R.C. committee, who, it was be lieved, would be incapable of showing a bad example. Mr. Inglis came into the ring, and wanted to back bis horse to win £500, but because he could not get his price he walked in and scratched him. This proceed ing from a committeeman was criticised in no favourable terms by everybody. The committee took the matter in hand, and in flicted the extreme penalty, a fine of £20. Fortunately for Mr. IngUs, his jockey had not weighed out Had he done so, no doubt full justice would have been meted out to him, as it was in the case of Venom. Owners of horses must confess that there is some virtue in writing to the press, fqr we have had numerous instances of dissatisfied racing men complaining through the columns of the press at the weights given to their horses, and then coming forth and demolish ing their own arguments by winning. The latest instance in point iffthatof Mr. Phillips and Blackthorn. Mr. Phillips considered he was unjustly treated at Caulfield, and aired his grievance through the press. His horse was submitted to auction and " knocked down" to Mr. S. Martin for 400 guineas, but it was no sale, and as the horse was better treated in the Grand National, Mr. Phillips backed him and won a thousand. In future the public will do well to follow those owners who write to the papers. Mr. Phillips is a good sportsman, and I con gratulate him and Mr. Glasscock on their success. The full programme of the Ballarat Turf and Hunt Club meetings appears in The Australasian this'week. The dates chosen are Friday and Saturday, the 21st and 22nd September. The fiist day s bill contains five events, commencing with a Selling Hurdle Race of 100 so vs., which is followed by the Ladies' Bracelet, value 50 so vs., the gift of Mr. Agar Wynne. Then comes the Ballarat Hunt Club Cup, a golden trophy value 100 so vs., the gift of two members of the club. Next to this is a Handicap Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., the gift of Mr. Norman Wilson, the master of the B.H.C., the wind-up being a Novel Selling Handicap of 50 sovs. On the second day there will also be five events, the principal prize being the Ballarat Grand National Steeplechase of 200 sovs, the gift of Mr. Martin Louglilin. In addition to this the bill contains an Amateur Hurdle Race of 50 sovs., Ballarat Handicap of 50 sovs., one mite, the Ladies' Bag of 50 sovs., and a Maiden Handicap Steeplechase of 75 sovs. Nominations for all of the races close with the secretary, Mr. W. Buhlert, at Craig's Hotel, Ballarat, at 8 p.nj. on the 14th August Mr. J. R. Crooke brought his Maribymong Plate candidates to Flemington last week, just to give them a change. They have since returned to Mordialloc. Among the visitors to Flemington on Saturday last was Mr. A. F. Smart, the owner of Archie and Warwick. He informed me that the latter colt was doing well on his private course at Liverpool Plains, but that one of the best of his yearlings, Meleebee, by Hawthornden from Moonbeam, by Angler, had gone wrong. Jhis colt is engaged in the Maribymong Plate, and Mr. tys that for three furlongs he was the Smart says that for three furlongs ] fastest youngster he ever saw. Mr. J. D. Robertson has leased Mr. S. Gardiner's colt Precious Stone, by Tubal Cain from Topaz, for racing purposes. This colt is full brother to Turquoise, who won seven or eight races in New Zealand during the past Bcason. I am told that Sunlight was not entitled to start at Flemington on Saturday last, as he had ran. and won at Waranoke, a meeting which had not been advertised in the V.R.C. Calendar. Putting this and that together, the.matter looks just a little suspicious. It it be true, then the question of bets will be raised. It is with sincere regret that I 'have to announce the death of the Hon.' E. K. Cox, one bf the leading bre$derg of Australia, and a thorough sportsman. _ man had for some time been a martyr to rheumatic gout, and on Tuesday test he was at Penrith, but at midday returned home complaining of severe epasmB in tht^it&niiy; of the heart He was compelled totafceto his bed. arid on Wednesday morning Hie attack terminated fatally. Mr„ Cox was beat known on the turf as the owner of the great sire, Yattenfion and the breeder of the cracks Chester, Grand Flaneur, HabenA and Narina. He Hites passionately- fond of sport, and a liberal supporter of tha turf. Although Habena ran in Sir Hercules Robinson's colours when she won the Maribymong Plate, she was the property of the squire of Fernhill, who tefit her to the popular Governor of Now South Wales. During the last year of his life he gained the most important triumphs, that ever fell to Mb colours, the bewnnu Narina carrying the scarlet ana blue to victory in the M^byrao^ Plate,^ and th^magnlflceot Ikegranddo^^igson olupj^p^^l^wn ie fight weights and beat! ta qeattnemnome. utuys aw days ago lmceived atetttt from him tw ; me how much Dawbin had improved, and as a member of the Australian Jockey Club Committee cannot be easily filled. Be left a widow, four sons, and one daughter to mourn the loss of a devoted husband and kind and affectionate father. The committee of the Australian Jockey Club held a meeting on Tuesday to consider the advisability of abolishing steeplechases at Randwick. After some discussion it was decided to postpone the matter and call ( special meeting to consider it on the Ctlf August. The case of Mr. Agnew was alsd brought forward, and it was determined tha( afi legal proceedings were pending no action should lie taken. Apropos of this- affair I believe that at a general meeting of the Tas manian Turf Club a few days ago. the action of the stewards was endorsed. Mr. Agnew and his solicitor, Mr. C. E. Feathers tone, have been in Melbourne during the week ob taining evidence in favour of his case against the IVf.C. The funeral of A. M'Innes took place on Tuesday, and was very largely attended. The procession left H. Chifney s houke, and nearly all the principal trainers, jockeys, and stable boys were in attendance, the latter following on foot. In addition to the money collected by Mr. L. L. Smith on Saturday last, several other subscriptions have been received, amongst them being a guinea from Baron von Mueller, and it is hoped that liefore the list closes £200 will lie subscribed. The full programme of the Murrumbidgea Turf Club Spring Meeting will be found in the advertising columns of The A uxtralaman this week. It is well worthy the attention of racing men, as it contains many items tbat should be worth winning. For instance, there, is in the first day's list the Sires' Produce Stakes, which is already worth 230 sovs. with out reckoning the sweepstakes. This is fol lowed by a Selling Race of 75 sovs. and then comes the chief prize, the VVagga Cup. The sportsmen of the district are always ready to provide a golden trophy for the winner of tliis race, and this year the donors are Messrs. IL J. Douglas and G. C. Loughnan, wljO give a gold cup, value 100 sovs. The club adds 300 sovs., and the sweepstakes is 10 sovs. for starters. A Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs., and Maiden Plate, of 75 sovs., complete the first day's bill. The second commences with the Derby, of 100 sovs., which is followed by a Two-year-old Handicap, of 50 sovs. ; Grand Stand Handicap, of 100 sovs. ; Flying Handi cap, of 50 sovs.; and Ladies' Bracelet Then on the third the items are:—Mile Handicap, of 60 sovs. ; Prince of Wales Stakes, of 100 sovs. (selling conditions); Town Plate, of 150 sovs.; Steeplechase, of 75 sovs. ; and Final Flutter, of 30 sovs. The Wagga Cup and other principal handicaps close on Tuesday, August 21, when Mr. Hawkes will doubtless be kept pretty busy by nominators. Jessie, Tait, Delusion, All Silk, Warwick, and Glencoe have been scratched for the Hawkesbury Handicap. Among the casualties at the Bryan O'Lynn stud was an accident to Adelaide, whereby she broke her leg, and had to be destroyed.' Adelaide was probably the best filly that Panic ever sired, and among other triumphs waa that in the V.R.C. St. Leger, which she won in 1877. Sunlight, who won the Selling Hurdle Race on Saturday, has been sold to go to New Zealand. Mr. Henry Phillips has made another im portant sale, having disposed of his colt Exminster, by Newminster from Evening Star, to a Queensland purchaser, who gave 1,000 guineas for the youngster. Exminster is ball-brother to Commotion, and is engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate and other good things of the V.R.C. The trophies won by Mr. John Brewer at the Lachlan Racing Club meeting have been on view at the establishment of Messrs.' Drummond and Co. during the week. The trophy for the Two-year-old Race, won by Helen, is a very fine silver tankard^ of classic design, representing Neptune driving the horses of the sea, surrounded by water sprites, beautifully chased on a large medal lion. The lid is surmounted by a well-executed figure of* a young Neptune riding a sea- horse. The Members' Cup, which was won by, Robert the Devil, is one of the prettiest silver claret-jugs I have ever seen, most elegantly shaped; and both trophies are creditable indeed to the manufacturers^ Messrs. Drummond and Co. Messrs. W. Vuille and Co. report having sold, on acconnt of Mr. R. Howie, the well known horse Lothair to Mr. Matthew Bryant, of Cairn Cur ran, for 600 guineas. Lothair is a remarkably well-bred horse, being by the? imported horse Epigram from the imported mare Legend, by Cathedral, and is therefore full brother to tne colt Legend, who has Been running so well in Queensland. He was si good performer mi the flat and oyer hardies,' and as he is a fine upstanding horsehe should nick admirably with some of Mr. Bryant's Irish King and Tim Whifller mares. Messrs.) Yuilleana Co. have also disposed of Wild^ Harry to Mr. Macleod, of India, and this useful hurdle-racer will probably leave for the East at an early date. Mr. Bond informs me that a number o£ the small bookmakers have requested him tq follow the example of the V.1LC., and charge a fee for the right of betting on the flat Nq doubt the secretary of the V.A.T.C. will accede to their wishes. "Stick to running families" is Hie motto of the most sensible among our breeders and turfmen, and I've no doubt of its success in the long run. As the mother of a line of stallions, probably there is no mate in Aus tralia so celebrated as Rose de Florence, tha1 dam of Ferryman, Maribymc— the Ring, Dante, and Piscator. subject of never appeared in i such speed that I was at excellence. The -late. , .. t gave him a few mares while 1 him .fii FetohiUi $ i»=w« tdtb marei «fc flO| guinea# . rich flats of Broadlanaa, where mete always a plentiful supply ofgiasa, they will be well eared-for indeed. A liberol allow ance will be made tor the dams of winners- ; A horse of -gee#* jjfpmiae is Moteia, full lis are ptgggpes all ..je ch&racterijjtica; of the { family, is just as powerful Moreover onthe < ' a, •' thereto, for it includes some grandly-bred j animals, as well as several good performers. Entries for the Sydney Tattersall's Meeting close with the secretary, Mr. James Perry, at 4 p.m. on Wednesday nest. The programme includes a Hurdle I've, of 100 sot s.; Tramway Handicap, of 100 sovs.: Selling Pace, of 100 sovs.; Two-year-old Stakes, of 150 sovs.; and Lottos Handicap, of 100 soys. Acceptances and general entries for the .Sale Meeting are due with the secretary, Mr. M'Millan, at 4 p.m. to-day (Saturday). On Thursday next the pretty little town of Sale will 1* the attraction to sporting men. and as the trip is now a very iKipuIar one, I expect to see a goodly numl>er of the metro politan division pay a visit to Ginps Land. Mr. Vowles was entrusted with tnc task of, apportioningthe weights,and though there was the usual amount oi grumbling, he has suc ceeded fairly well. With so moderate a lot in the Hurdle Pace he was compedied to place Triplet at the head, and Belle Brandon's run ning on Saturday necessitated lOsi. 101h. being placed upon her back. However, Avalanche is the best-treated animal in the race, and should she start she ought to win, Miller, per haps, being her most dangerous opponent. The Ghost ran like a first-class horse with 9st 121b., and even with lOst. 2il>. he would have a chance if his owner cared to start him. How this son of Tregeagle has im proved ! All that was required was time, and this also is necessary to mature the descen dants of Tubal Cain, who likewise belonged to the Tregeagle family, and though one of the number, Coriolanus, may not prove suc cessful upon this occasion, I fu'ly expect t-> see him do a good thing next season. Lid dington is not badly in, but the most leniently used are TantalLser and Forlorn, and one of this trio ought to win. There will i>e a small field for the Steeplechase, which looks a Cre try good thing for Tramjiefer or Sjiecu-, itor. Tickets will lie issued to passengers : from Melbourne and all intermediate stations , by both trains to Sale on the 1st of August, at Friday excursion fares, such tickets to lie : available for return until the 4th of August. Duchess of Alltany was scratched tor the . Melbourne Cup on the 25th July. D. Yates, the owner of .Siow Tom, having failed to prove the identity of the horse to the j YYilcannia stewards, has been disqualified i for life, and the sentence has l>eeu extended i to his horses Wee J;m and .Slow Tom. it will lie remcmiiered that the latter was run j as a maiden, and it is believed that he is no j other than a horse named IV. T. Numbers of horses are bought in Melbourne and taken i up country, and run under fictitious names, ■ but tbe discovery of Old Joe, who was no j other than Gleneoe. of Tasmania, Jack Sprat, j and Slow Tom may deter other.-; from attempt-! ing such swindles. Up - country stewards j will, however, do well to keep their eyes j open- j I paid a visit to St. Albans during the week, and saw tbe team walking round thej track and in the stables. One of the most j improved is Dukedom, who looks like making | a very useful colt. The Derby colt Off Colour continues to improve, and he and Merman, The Maid, and several others of the team are j looking more forward than the generality of i horses in training at Flemington. j Very fair entries have been received for the Geelong winter meeting, 14 having lieeu j nominated for the _ Hurdle Race, 21 for the Kail way Stakes, 23-for the Winter Handicap, 15 for the Steep»cchase, and 18 for the Trot Breeders and racing men will fie pleased to bear that the Victoria Amateur Turf Club has determined to raise the added money to the Foal Stakes and Caulfield Guineas of 1884. Entries for the V.A.T.C. Winter Meeting close at Mr. Bond's office, Bourke- street, on Monday at 4 p.m. The programme includes a Sapling Stakes of 75 sovs., which will give the owners of candidates for Maribyntong Plate honours an opportunity of testing their speed. The V.A.T.C. Amateur Cup should bring out tbe non-professionals. It is a han dicap of 100 sovs, added to a sweep of 3 sovs. each, and is open to all horses that have been legitimately hunted five times during j the present season with any established pack of hounds. A Selling Race of 50 sovs. comes between this and the Grand National Steeple chase, to which the club adds 200 sovs. For this event I expect to me a numerous entry, as tbe Gaulfieia coarse is very popular with the owners of steeplechasers. The wind-up is the Balaclava Stakes, seven furlongs on the fiat, and this also should attracts goodly nomination. The American gelding Parole, who ran so well in England, seems to retain his pace, for at the Sheepahead Bay meeting in Jane he won a mile and a half race in 2m. 39|s. Maud S., the queen of tbe American trot ting turf, has mode another great record. On the 15th of June, Mr. Vanderbilt placed Maud S. and Alive in his top road waggon, which with pole, Ac., weighed2111b.. and he himself turned the scale at 2001b. After giving them a preparatory mile in 2m. 24fa, he set them going to break the record. They fairly flew to the first quarter pole in 32£s.. maintaining this astounding dip to the halt mile, which was reached in lm. 5$s.f the three-quarter pole inlm.41a., and the full mile in 2m. 15&a..; beating the fastest record of Edward ana Dick Swivdler by three-quarters of a second. They trotted the mile without a skip or a break, and when the time was given by the judges thfc cheers were loud end long. ■ -With this number of The Atndmlaman is published the " Sporting Almanac" for the [aeaaon, commencing on the 1st of 188l} and ending on the 31st of July, ' s areeord of alarge majority resting sporting events that , _ »tn Austmlia, and should be all who take an interest in i -mauner in shidh iho supporting Martini-Henry, JWS&Sfi;?-9* of the Sydney division has given an impetus j to speculation on future events, and of three | nearest at hand the A.J.C. Derby may be < mentioned as having been Jtouched upon, i Warwick's owner was at the \ ictoria Club on ! Monday evening; and while he was there 600 I to 400 was accepted about the son of The j Fawn for the Sydney event. Martini-Henry, concerning whom most favourable reports have been received, was also in some de mand. Warwick was firm for the V.R.C. Derby, for which he was backed for all the ! money available at 5 to 1; but on Wednesday ! morning 800 to 100 was accepted about his ! stable companion Archie, and 10 to 1 was • | itooked in favour of Martini- Henry. Even j money to £600 was laid on three, viz., War- { | wick, Archie, and Vff Colour, but, even with J , good business against the four already : named, anvthiftg but 1 literal offers were made | against the outside division. - For the Man- j ; byrnong Plate. Second King and Superba j ! maintained their positions. Of the others, j the most in demand this week has been i , Iolanthe, who has been backed np to 100 to | j 6. This filly is the property of the Hon. j ; .fames White, and she is fall sister to Kings-! ; dale. Venetia and Moscow have their ad- j | rairers. for each h;is 5xx-n backed, 1,0$) to 30 j ■ having lvc-en pencilled down several times, i ' Dirk Hatteraick is at the head of affairs for ; the Cup. 100 to 4 Iwing taken, and the same : ' price is offered against Sioekwell; but the j horses most inquired a her are Martini-Henry, j : Recovery, and l»es;x>t. all of whom have been ! ' locked at 1(0 to 3. and at this price they ' , would l>e supported lor good money if the i ; b-okmakers wouid go on. but they refuse, j : Nicholas has met with some attention, 1.000 j to 30 having been aeeepred. For the doable, j Derby and Cup, Martini-Henry bas been ; 1 i«aeked to win over £4.000 at 1,000 lo 10 and \ L000 to 20. Fbidat Evevtku. I Martini-Henry is still in demand for the? A.J.C. Derby, and all the money at 3 to 1 j having l»een es'nuusted, the commissioner j accepted 5 to 2 to «in several hundreds. He i has advanced for the V.R.C. Derby also. 100 { to 12. and finally 100 to 14 having l>een booked—500 to 70 in one line. A- -I.e. DERBY. ©X! to <00 agist Warwick (tk.) XOj — <0 Martini-Henry (tk.) KAKrETRNOyo PLATE. lot to l'i ae>t Second Kitar (off.) 1»» — it Superin (oJ.) lot — 6 loathe (tk.) 100 — o Tte Bobetuis-i (tk.) WW — 4 GarSeH (off.) 100 — 4 saver King (off.) 100 — 4 Kiog eg the Gt|>4ts (tk.) 100 — 3 Vettetiv (tk.) 109 — 3 Mo-cow (tk.) V.E.C. DERBY. 110 to 20 agsl Varviek (tk. fr.) HO — I-i OHOA..-:jr(tk.) H» _ 13 Art-hie (tWO to 109 tk.) 109 — 14 Mrrtins-Hearv (tk.) KTJ.BOIRXE CYP. 100 to 4 agist Dirk liatteraick (tk.) 1W — 4 -— Stackvcfl {tk.) 109 — 3 Marrini-Heniy (tk.) 109 — S Despot (tk.) 100 — S Recovery (da) 100 — 3 Eerdeaui (tk.) 100 — 3 Nieliouu (li.) WW — i Coriohatis (tk.) 100 — 2 Cootatodon (tk.) 109- 2 Calnia(tk.) 100 — 2 Waterloo (tk.) (WO — 2 Dukedom (tk.) 