FATHER O'CONNOR TO CARDINAL Mc'CLOSKEY. New York, Feb. 10. purgatory. Sir : Get your Bible, even your own Douay . version, and read with me the text referring' to purgatory, on which I am trying to- enlighten you. The arguments adduced by. Aoman uacnonc tneoiogians to sustain tue doctrine of purgatory are of the flimsiest character. The chief Scriptural proof is taken from Matt. xii. 32. Now, because the sin against the Holy Ghost cannot be for-' given, either in this world or the world to come, it does not by any means follow that there are some sins which will be forgiven in the next world. The meaning of the text evidently is that this sin can never bp for- : given at all. You also rely on the passage in St. Paul's First Epistle to the Corinthians (iii., 11-15) ; ! " He shall be saved, yet so as by fire," " and the fire shall try every man's work." ; This . word " fire " is really what the people: believe of -purgatory. The text doos not at all imply that this " fire of tribulation " is reserved for the other world. Every faithful Christian has to go through it : here on earth. This is the essential condition of being a true" Christian. A man's work built by faith in Jesus Christ shall be made manifest, not built on Him it shall perish ; yet, though the work come to naught, while life lasts there is time: for repentance. That time: does not come after death. Amid the many tempta tions to sin that are in this world, within us, the heart of man is wicked, : and around us, the 'Christian has to be ever on his guard, and is saved from sin like unto a man that escapes from a -burning building. God sees us all in sin, -and He makes it known to us that our condition is as dangerous as that of a man in a burning house. His voice calls us to come out or we shall perish. Jesua, His own: beloved Son, is the messenger he sends to us to warn , us of our danger. One who is de-' mentediwill. not know whether he ought to go. out, or stay where he is, but one who has common sense will hear the voice calling him and obey. Joy and peace await him who flies to. the arms of Jesus for protection, and He will not reproach us with our past sins when we are truly repentant. In St. Peter's First Epistle (iii., 18-20) it is said th<>t Christ went to the spirits in: prison and preached to them. This is supposed to ! mean purgatory. But we are not told that any. of those > prisoners who were disobedient in the days of Noah were Met out. . Your Church teaches that all the saints who died Derore unnst were in cms prison, ana thatHe .. went there to tell them that they were now free.. But this is all -mere guess-work, and the subject is too sacred to joke or guess- about it. I knew a man in Chicago, who, on All Souls' Day, when the: priest was taking down , the names of those who : wished the . mass to be offered for the souls of their departed friendB, said that he had no relatives dead that he knew of.'.; Ho lield five dollars in-his- hand, and: the priest, not wishing to lose that sum, said that the mass could be offered for any dead person whether a relative , or i not. -'!! " Among all the v dead that I have heard of," said the man, " there is hot one I ; care about more than I do about Eve." " Well;"; Said: the. priest, " you can get the mass said for Eve.": "Can I?" inquired he. " Yes," said the priest. ' " Did any one ever get a mass said for her soul ? " " Not that I atn aware of." " Then it is time that some one shpuld remember her. Sho committed a big sin in her day, and though I daresay God forgave her, I suppose she had to suffer some temporal punishment after death. Take this five. dollars,! father, and divide it 'between herself and Adam." ' The priest took' the money/ and whether it ; was honest of him or not, lie said the mass. In my last letter." I quoted the theologian, Bishop Bouvier, who ; says; that the fire of purgatory is . like the fire of .hell, and that in- prayers -for those., who are in . purgatory, Almighty God is petitio'nedto 'give them; not merely a place of light and- peace but a refrigerator against the. heat of tins fire.- i:No one has ever presumed to determine bow long the" 'punishment, of purgatory lasts, -and, therefore, it must be a matter of. indifference whether, the soul is. burning or froezing for an indefinite: period!. I presume the /f'refrigo-' rator," .was tacked on to, this doctrine to Suit, the taste of those who live iu warm countries; To such persons it would be relief to get into a refrigerator for a time, and I have no doubt; priests in these, countries tell . Itheir i followers that they can rest there for a time, ' and when it becomes inconveniently cold they | can be brought out by masses. There are ' many happy possibilities connected with this s doctrine that will suggest themselves to every \ thoughtful mind. If there be anything in 5 this world more certain than that purgatory ! waB invented by priests to make money I do ! not know it. Every Roman Catholic who I dies must have a mass and sometimes many s masses said for his soul, and every mass must | be paid for— no credit in purgatory. I will I -conclude this subject and finish this letter by | a story tbat was told around my father's 5 hearth many years ago when I was a little fellow. The narrator was one of those witty Irishmen who had a large fund of anecdotes to draw from when he desired to entertain s young people, j pat's story. " A certain Irishman, named Pat, had a < dream about his dead brother Tim one night, and happening to meet the priest next day he told him about it. " You ought to get some masses offered up for hie soul," remarked the ! priest. " I will do so, your reverencp," said 4 Pat. " How mucli are they ? " " They are ' five shillings each ; but you are pretty well off, and you ought to get more than one." j "Here are ten shillings, and if that does not ; do to give poor Tim's soul rest, I'll give you some more." Here was a hint to the priest i that he did not allow to pass unheeded. i Some time afterwards thejT met again, and Pat asked the priest if he had offered up the masses. The priest answered yes, but that while saying his broviary he had a vision that told him that it would require at least twenty masses to move Tim out of purgatory. Pat gave the money at once for he had loved his brother dearly. After another interval they 1 met again, and when Pat asked him where the soul of his brother was now, the priest pulled a very long face, and said that Tim's case was a serious one. "Every one knew," he said, "that Tim was a very rough man when he lived, and he was paying for it now. All i that the twenty masses could do for him was 'I to put him on his feet, and there he stood, $ unable to stir a step or move an inch j twerity H more more masses would be a wonderful help to him." The money was cheerfully paid. A At their next encounter the priest met Pat, K with a beaming countenance. " I have great news for you," he said f your brother is out of purgatory as far as his knees, and about, ! twenty more masses will land him safely in Heaven." Again the money was paid, s| though poor Pat had to go behind in his rent 5; to pay for them. Soon afterwards another 'f? instalment was required to bring him out from his middle to his arm-pits, and Pat paid it, though he had to sell the cow to get the !| money. , He was in sore distress at the ruin which threatened him ; the rent not paid, the cow sold, and no food for the wife and child- H ren, all on account of Tim's soul. He went p to the priest one day and asked the loan of a $ little money. The priest said he had none, except the money he had received for masses, and that was holy money ; he could not use it in that way. Pat was very angry at being thus rebuffed, and he told the priest that he had heard that the soul's money had gone to t buy a cask of whisky that was now in his cellar. The priest indignantly denied this. V: He had all the money that was given him for : ' « the soul of Tim yet in the house. Hero was- ' a chance for Pat. He changed the subject immediately, and asked how Tim's soul wasf now,; "Well," said the priest, " one of his 4 shoulders is out, and very little more effort £ is required to have him out altogether.-' " I ;<i am willing," .said Pat,, "to give imy last shilling for poor Tim's relief, and I shall get 4; alli.the other masses that are required :if your reverence ; will show me that you have not really spent the money I gave you for liis' soul.". "That I will do," said the, 'priest; and : V he brought forth a bundle of notes from his desk and placed them on the table. " There is ; all the money you gave me," said lie,," and', not a penny of it will I spend until I am sure ' that your brother's soul is in Heaven.": " How if many more masses are necessary!? h -inquired || Eat. " Ten will do this time," said the priest ; 8 " yu know' he has one of his sliouldSs out, P and only a little pull more is required." ; , ' If if that's the case," cried- Pat, making a grasp for H the money and putting it in his pocket, if If Tim has one of his shoulders out the devil ft hiMwlf tban't ; keep.' him ' in, ahdflsoyqur M reverence needn't trouble yourself b>y praying fs for him any more, and as I want the money i Tim is all right,1 I'll 'just'take' if arid keep H it. Good day to your reverence.!' Good day if. to vou too,' Cardinal. j Very truly.yours, iff James A. O'Connor, rastor, inaependent Catholic Church-.'; !< - & Residence , 42 - South , . Washington . Square, 8 Neio York. ' 