UNDERVTHE VERANDAS. After an absence of some six months in the back country, I have just returned to the north ern metropolis, to find it as dull, desponding, and discontented as ever. You seem to expe rience great difficulty of late, in affording space for my scintillating, effusions, in fact, ever since vnur enntrihntnrs' st.aflF 1ms lippn swrpllnrl Viit rtin addition of the long-winded Fremantle fellow with the mock-Grecian appellation, I have found it as hard to get a show in your universally-read columns, as the Northampton train to run its thirty-four miles in three hours and a half, or Micah Downes to get .into the GounciL And this reminds me that our august local corpora tion is still one short, but the six men now in harness, have done more in one week in the di rection of progress than the original seven suc ceeded in getting through during the whole year. Walker's financial scheme is quite wor thy of him and of Geraldton. The town will feel quite comfortable when it owes £5,000, and when Councillor Gale eomes out with his scheme for the electric light, and takes the shine out of the fossilised old " plod-alongs " of Perth and Fremantle, we may hug -ourselves in the proud consciousness that we are on the high road to renown — or ruin. Your suggestion as to a reliable town-clock" is a good one. Instant steps ought to be taken for the suppression of the "ten o'clock" belL :It wouldn't be a bad move to hang a policeman or two to the bell-rope on every occasion the af fair is rang twenty-five minutes before or after tbe true time. At this rate, the whole force would be " turned off " in a week. The state of Ireland of late years must afford matter for regret and humiliation to well-behaved Hibernians of these colonies. Until lately I had always imagined that disaffection was unknown in our parts. But, sundry sinister signs have reluctantly forced me to the conclusion that the Fenians have their emissaries even in this ultra- loyal-locality. First there was the attempted - assassination of " God save the Queen " Gray — then came the memorable Barlee-banquet busi ness — again, a banquet was given at the. Flats — that steady-going and intellectually refined region — to a resident named Looke, and yet, the Governor's health mas not drunk, nay, I'm told even the Queen's toast was omitted. Looke at that. And latterly, mysterious movements have been noticeable amongst certain, hitherto pre sumably harmless Fenian sympathisers of the district. One of these, whose usual state for years has been three" sheets in the wind" has be come suddenly sober for two days, and wears a clean shirt occasionally. And. on the 16th inst., just one year from the date of the memora ble fire at the "corner," a diabolical attempt seems to have been made to repeat the confla gration, This may fairly be attributed to the Geraldton section of the " Invinsibles.' upon whom I recommend Sergt Waldeck to keep one eye. He'll want the other to watch the police clock. Some graceless sceptics profess to disbelieve the account given by Lady Florence Dixie, of the attempt made by " two tall men disguised in women's clothes" to stab her on Patrick's Day last From a home paper I learn, that i:i 1879, this lady published a poem, which she de clared she wrote in 1873, containing an exact account of the sad death of the Prince Impe rial. She said she dreamed the incidents in. 1873, and immediately wrote them in poetical form. In fact, the poem is dated 1873, and if she didn't publish it till 1879 — too late to warn the Prince of his impending fate— it was, doubt less, through disinclination to intefere with tbe decrees of Providence. The poem is a long one. over eighty lines, and is most minute in its de scription of the circumstances of the Prince's death. These lines, for instance, occur : — " High o'er the boy flashed the Imperial crown, And, though its filmy shroud, the destined name- Significant in blood- red letters gleamed — Napoleon 1 Hark to that horrid shriek, unearthly' sound 1 A hundred demons crowd upon the scene. With horrid shrieks and yells, and. fpAtnrpa menacing, They hurl their darts at that pale, lonely boy. The scene became unearthly, fiendish yells Incarnate filled the air. Pale unto death, Yet all undaunted, facing his dark foes, Defiance in those glazing eyes, despair Stamped on that childish brow, he stands at bay, Heroic unto death. Bright gleams the sword That flashes green and ghost-like in his hand. Waving aloft. A hundred darts whirl round And strike him down. One glance he casts to where Blazes on high the bright Imperial Crown, And the great name, now blurred and dim med in blood, And shouts that name, " Napoleon," &c.; This is very pretty, and very true to facts, except that his sword wasn't exactly " green." and he probably didn't sing out " Napoleon/' He's more likely to have coo'eed for Gftrey. Now, a lady who wrote such poetry as this, six years before the events took place, is not" likely to tell a false story about two assassins sticking a pair of long daggers into her, and the whale bone of her — ahem — corset, " turning the points.",-' Of corset's true, and anyone disbeliev ing it would be mean enough to doubt that the Geraldton Gold Prospecting Company will pav a fat dividend before long, or that the "Victoria District gets more Government monev than lis- share. Odites. 