THE &tD; OF THE BELT TRIAL. [From' the London Daily TelearanhA After forty-three days devoted to evidence, counter-evidence, and rebutting evidence, to prolonged speeches by counsel and a pro tracted summing-up by the judge, the jury empanelled in the Belt libel case have un hesitatingly decided in favor of the plaintiff. They have awarded him, as compensation, the heavy damages of five thousand nounda : and the tremendous bill of costs in the action — except those 'between solicitor and client,' which must in them selves amount to a considerable sum — will have to be paid by Mr. Lawes, the defen dant. In artistic circles the issue of the trial trill probably give little satisfaction ; bat the general public will be heartily rejoiced that a conclusion has at length been reached in this - needlessly spun-out lawsuit, and will not, we think, be disappointed or surprised at its re sult. It is idle to deny that Mr. Belt* s case presented some flaws which rendered it not unlikely that the end would be a disagree ment of the jury; but despite certain questionable features and unexplained transactions there bas been nothing, they consider, to justify the terms in which Mr. Lawes chose to write of the plaintiff's professional career. Mr. Baron Hudddleston and his unhappy jury — to whom a sight of the- Royal Courts of Justice on their gala day must have been but meagre consolation for forty-three days of busts and interminable eloquence— will now be able to shake from their minds the weight which bung over them all through the Christmas season. They have liberated their souls, the iud«e -by a trenchant summinff-uo. and the jury by a crushing verdict. They have put aside the opinions of a whole host of Royal Academicians who were paraded before them; and, having with marked attention listened to all that could be said for or against Mr. Belt, have stamped the accusations of impos ture levelled against him as libellous and un justifiable. The only excuse for the weary length to which this trial has been drawn out is to be found in the undoubted fact that the jury had the whole future life and profej sional career of an eminent sculptor in their hands. Had their verdict been for Mr. Lawes, Mr. Belt would have been a man ruined not only in pocket but in reputation. Tho de fendant chose to asperse his character, and to call him an impostor and cheat, to which, in the witness- box, he also added an imputation of forgery. Mr. Lawes bas there fore only his own indiscretion to thank if he has, in the supposed. interests of his profes sion, dug a pit for his adversary and fallen into it himself. Originally the libel which was the cause of this action appeared in the pages of a well known weekly journal, and imputed to Mr. Belt, the plalntiif, that he had falsely and systematically claimed to be the author of works for which he was only the broker ; that while be represented himself 'as au 'artist and a sculptor, he was nothing better than a ' statue jobber.' Mr. Lawes made himself responsible for the statements contained in the libellous paragraph, and actually thought it incumbent upon him tofdispatch a copy to the Lord Mayor, as Mr. Belt was then en caged in the civic competition for the bust of Lord Beaconsfield, which now stands in the Guildhall. Mr. Lawes expressed his belief that the statements about Mr, Belt being an impostor were true, especially as they had remained uncontradicted for a considerable time. Instead of suing the publisher of the -paper in Which the libel was printed, Mr. Belt seems to have ? gone to the office of the journaland demanded an exnlapatien ; and he was then challenged to 'submit himself to an examination of his whole career. Considering that tbe libel bad already appeared in print and had been wideiy read, it is scarcely to be won dered at that Mr. Belt preferred to place his case in the hands of a jury rather than consent to an investigation which in fairness should have taken place priortothepublication of the charges. During tno progress of the trial are na arkable change came over tbe tactics of the defence. At first Mr. Belt was decried as a vulgar Bwindler, without an- atom of artistic ability or talent ; but finally Mr. Webster, for tho defendant, had to admit that Mr. Belt was at least capable of making 'superficial ' alterations in busts, and of modelling a bust in elay so as to be a very good likeness of a person ; but this, it was argued, was a widely different thing from being able to 'in- vest a statue with artistic merit.' 'The greater tbe unlikeness to the original, the more the artistic merit,' seemed to be the only answer which could be made when it was seen that Mr. Belt bad, tinder the eyes of the court, eiecutedanexcellentrepresenla tion of M. PagliattL The case, however, for the defence was that Mr. Belt was an arrant impostor, and that he with three others had entered the conspiracy to palm off as his own productions works which he had never exe cuted. The chief co-conspirators were alleged to be a Mr. Verhyden, who was the real undiscovered genius that put on the 'artistic merit' in a secret studio ; Mr. Curtice ; and Mr. Walter Belt, brother of the plaintiff. The whole story was of tho complexion usually met with in the pages of sensational novels. There was to begin with, the secret studio to whicu nobody but *h« cooBpiratorfl were admitted. Here the model of the mlossal statue of Lord I-yron,ropw standing ia Hyde Park, was sup , posed to have been fTbuilt up.' Jttr. Scholtc, a sculptor, who worked for Mr. Belt, said that be himself and Mr. Harrison, also' a professional enfettnt, were in tfho secret studio helping to 'build up' the model ; and another witness, Mr. M«Uen, a caster, swore : that he asked Mr. Harrison who it was- that , modelled1 this colossal figure, to which Sir. Harrison 'replied -mysteriously, '''¥ho ghost.'' Here is another sensational ele ment added; only it must be admitted, in justice to Mr. Harrison, that he denied ever : having said anything of the kind, and 'that Mr. Mellen appeared to be a witness on the 1 ride t-f the defendant. The argument for J tfafrdefence-was that Mr. Bettbad no notion ef -'- scnbitare himself, hut had»Tery gpodnottOtt of obtaining commissions and passing him self off as a heaven-born genius in high social spbW^ A .fiMwriTribBW^Aart.'if -fashionable life was thtis'.OBit overate caBGu -Perhap8 Mr. Belt may &e; -& master of J&ar.; knack «f -srisihuating ^maeW^-itrtb' -l£- .gracee of the aristocracy; but that fact alone is not sufficient to negative thetorp ? position that tie may also possess the M«t of an artist and the skill of a ?sculptor. Sat own «ide averted that he was a man who haM. raised himself by his own exertions to honor able prominence in his profssion, and that therefore he had been Tirade the mark for the jealousy of rivals, who tried to drag bimdowa by libelling him. Between these two version* the jury were called upon to choose. Thera can be do use in denying the fact of a strong prepossession against Mr. Bel texisting among painters and sculptors. The feeling of his own profession was against him, and tie wonder, considering the persistent bl&ckeniag; ?to which his character had been exposed. Tbe artistic air was thick with rumors of impos tures practised by Mr. Belt, which rumors had their cource in the quarrel that took place between Mr. Belt and Verhyden, after which the latter went about declaring that most of Mr. Belt's supposed works were actnally sculptured by himself. Mr. Belt was undontedly injudicious in the manner of his -money payments to such a person a* Verhyden, and in not keeping a strict account of all the sums he disbursed. But this is only to -say that Mr. Belt was a bad man of business, which probably his most intimate friends would be the last to deny. Looked at from the broad point of View which the jury were forced to adopt, tho ewe resolved itself into one or two crucial ? issues. The strong point in Mr. Belt's favor was the number of independent witnesses who came forward to swear that they had seen him with his own hands executing and altering busts. For instance, it will be remembered that Mr. Alexander Yorke ewore that he suggested various alterations in the bust of his brother. Mr. Reginald Yorke, and that Mr. Belt car ried them out on various occasions under his own eyes. Canon Wilkinson bore his testi mony that Mr. Belt had, under his inspection, executed hnprovement^ia the bust of tbe late Mrs. Wilkinson. Mr. Arnold Morris, hiai self an artist, deposed that he saw Mr. Belt execute the whole of the bust of Canon Con way 'from commencement to completion f yet this was one of the pieces of sculpture which it was alleged 4Ir. Belt had fraodv lently passed off as .his -own. Mr. Morris also stated that he saw Mr. Belt execute several other 'busts, and three small sketches of Byron, and likewise saw him at work on the colossal -Byron. Then, is order to clinch matters, it was suggested that Mr. Belt should give an esample of ias ami before the jury. Accordisgly-he was allowed to try his hand, in a room adjoining the court, on a clay model of the head of M. Pagliatti, under efficient inspection, to pre vent aay extraneous help from being afforded him. The result of his efiort was -a bast which even his -enemies acknowledged was very like M. Pagliatti; but it was alleged that it had no 'artistic merit' compared with a terra-cotta head of the same gentleman, which was shown in court as a -contrast. Mi large' number -of [Royal Academicians, includ* ingSirFrederickLeighton, Mr. Thorney croft, and Mr. Millaia — who is a painter, and not a sculptor — were called for the defence, and most of them gave itras their opinion that the old terra- cotta bead of M. jRagUatti was, '« compared with Mr. Belt's bust, a beautiful creation, and that the -rival busts were dis tinctly the work of two different hands. Un fortunately for the evidence of these 'experts,' Mr. Malempre then came forward and stated that heaawMr. Belt working on the first, or terra- cotta, bust This incident ^^ shattered the whole mass of testimony *'% furnished by the Royal Academicians, thus iODce again showing the worth lessoess of mere hypothetical expert evident* compared with that' of a 'single credible 'eye witness. What was the good of the most talented sculptors and artists saying that the Conway bust ''could not' have been modelled by Mr. Belt, when Mr. Morris -swore posi tively that be had «een Mr. Belt model it? A tremendous amount of incriminatory evi dence would have been required to destroy the effect of Mr. Belt's witnesses, and the most weighty matter which the defence could single out was the money payments made by Mr. Belt to Mr. Verhyden. The latter kept a diary in which he put down what be received, with the avowed object— -30 -fce stated — of some day being able to use it against Mr. Belt. The jury evidently attached no value to this diary or to any of its contents. They probably thought that a man who, by his own confession, -allowed another to palm off his productions as his own, was a witness whose word and whose diary were equally open to suspicion. Ver hyden swore that Mr. Belt paid him three ? hundred pounds for the model which won the Byron memorial competition. Mr. Belt, on the other hand, asserted that the sum was in compensation for some cartoons of Vefhyden's which had been lost through his— Mr. Belt's — fault. The amount seems enormous for the loss of a few drawings by an unknown man; but the evidence of Mr. Robinson partly bore Mr. Belt out, as that gentleman deposed that he was pre sent in Belt's studio when Verhyden came in and said that ' the cartoons were worth far more than three hundred pounds to him/7 The questionable evidence supplied by Verhyden and his diary, going to show that the plaintiff had paid large sums without any obvious cause, was quite inadequate to shake the' effect of the positive testimony of those who had witnessed Mr. Belt perform all the delicate manipulative processes x-f tire skilled sculptor. It was impossible for the defence to justify the statement that Mr. Belt was not a sculptor, but a 'statue jobber.** Thus the attempt to rake up the whole career of Mr. Belt, and bold him up tQ the public scorn, has been a miserable failure, and the result of the present trial will tend to show that calumnious statements are not to be printed and retailed as fact without investigation, in order to ruin the reputa tion of a professional rival or a private enemy. 