A TRIP UP RIVER. BV A TRAVELLER. ( Continued.) Another day's steaming brought us to Balranald, the first town to be met with after entering the Murrumbidgee, and by its appearance the last ever made. Before describing the place I would like to mention that for several miles up from its mouth, the river is very crooked, as though on its first run down from the mountains it was undecided were to outlet itself. At one place we steamed for about two hours by a very tortuous route, only to return to the same place, the division between that part we had left two hours previously and the part we then were at being about 15 feet. The zigzag railway near Sydney conveys some idea of what the Murrumbidgec is near its mouth. Our progress was necessarily very slow, especially as the current of the narrow river was stronger than that of the Murray which we had just left. Balranald is a delightful spot, at least a Mark Tapley would have said so, but as we were detained there for over a fortnight, owing to the rapid fall of the river whatever our first impressions of it may have been, our realisations of it were anything but pleasant. It boasts (or it did then) of three decent hotels, four stores, two churches (Wesleyan and Episcopalian), comfortable post and telegraph offices, and about one hundred other buildings, including smithies, private houses, a chemists' shop, &c.; Drinking appeared to be indulged in by all classes of the community, additional spurs being given to it by the advent of bushmcn with good cheques, squatters and selectors with overdrafts, and Jackeroos with " cheek " and a desire for unlimited " tick." The religious element was not to the fore, indeed, a young storekeeper of revivalistic tendencies raised quite a stir amongst the inhabitants on account of his faithful preaching. He had taken charge of the unused Wesleyan Chapel, and held forth every Sabbath evening. He preached " straight from the shoulder," had the courage to call a spade just what it was, and not refer to it as a useful agricultural implement; and yet withal there was a touchin" humility about the man, an evident desire to do ancl say all for the good of those around him, not for self-glorification. We attended his services thrice, and although he was wild and harum-scarum enough, they had the effect of at any rate sobering us for a short time. But the good people of Balranald would not stand any such nonsense, called it " ranting", and used all kinds of devices to prevent the services going on ; would not buy goods at his store, resorted in fact,—to all kinds of persecution and boycotting. The Chinese there are a very lawabiding useful lot, supplying the township with vegetables and fruit; and otherwise minding their own business. v, Night and morning, early and late, these hard-working much-maligned celestials were drawing water, weeding &c.;, and they raised some splendid feed too. Of course they indulged in opium, and frequently to excesB, if indeed the habit is not all excess! But I am convinced thatthe inhabitants of the river townships would be poorly off for vegetables were it not for John. We amused ourselves by shooting, fishing, driving, riding, and kangaroo-hunting; while I suspect that rascal " Billy " used to help himself to the crayfish from the nets of the residents. At any rate, we always had a plentiful supply. None were on sale in the township, and we hadn't the ghost of a net ourselves. At last, a slight rise in the river enabled us to proceed on our way, frequently having to hurdle-race over snags and plough through sand; but bless you ! a river steamer is kind o' bred to these little troubles. The next stopping-place was Maude, a township a few miles below Hay, where they boast of two public-houses, a Btore, a blacksmith's shop, and two or three tumble-down huts. It is a busy little place; large quantities of stock and wool cross there, and the trade of the public houses is supplied by the travelling public. Of course bushmen, boundary riders, &c.;, contribute largely. I noticed a large number of mounds on a short rise about a hundred yards behind the nearest hotel, and asked a loquacious individual, who had previously volunteered a history of the town and its inhabitants (such an account of the place as our excellent Governor provides himself with when he is about to visit a place he has never before seen), what those mounds were. "Oh, sir; they are the graves of James Hennessy's, victims"; I chewed that over and couldn't make head or tail of it. Who could Hennessey be? I thought I had' followed up and remembered the names and doings of all the bushrangers Australia had been pestered with, but no James Hennessey, was among the lot. Hennessey, Hennessey, I said who was he ? Why, don't you know sir; the manufacturer of the three-star brandy. Cli I see: then these are his victims, are they. My new friend told me that at the other hotel in the distance a similar collection could be seen, each hotel keeping its own cemetery. James Hennessey thought I, has a lot to answer for, but in such holes as these the death of those poor fellows could not lie at his door, for in such shanties, a drop of good liquor would be frightened away. It would have to consort with vile illicitly distilled poison, for that is chiefly the kind of stuff sold at these places. After transacting our business, the principal part of which I am sorry to say, was^ delivering a large consignment of grog, we went on our way, and after various mishaps reached Hay. On our way thither we made a short stay at Benduck Station, owned by Messrs. McPherson, who very kindly gave some of us an invitation to spend a few days there, of which we shortly afterwards availed ourselves. On the occasion of our visit, and in the course of conversation with Mr. Mc Pherson we learned that it was at his fathers station where Morgan met his death. Mr. Mc- Pherson interested us greatly with an account of Morgan's doings on the night previous to his death. Hay is a very comfortable and pretty town. It boasts a live mayor and corporation, and at the tune of my visit was in a high state of civilisation. What struck me most was that the majority of business men there were of the Hebrew persuasion. The Chinese muster in full fig, but are peaceably disposed and as usual law-abiding, except with regard to their sanitary arrangements. Hay has its low dens, I am sorry to say ; in fact, it is a minature Melbourne. It has dancing saloons, a penny gaff, free - and - easy, where vice flaunts itself more openly (or apparently so) than in a larger town. It can also boast the finest hotel I have over been in out of Melbourne, not that architectural beauties predominate, but for comfort, convenience (and style if you like it) you can go a good way through Australia to find a better. We stopped at Hay for about six weeks on account of the low state of the river, and during that time I met with an accident which nearly cost me my life. To this day I am suffering the results of it. I promised to write a description of my trip from Mannum to Wagga. Well, I am sorry to disappoint any one, but you see the river stopped us at Hay, and for that reason at Hay w e had to remain. I readied Wagga years after, but not by river, so that my description of the trip up there would only mean an attempt at fiction, and I don't aspire to novelwritiug yet, so that I must cut this accouut short, as my trip was. 