I Sleplhanuiois. _ay, .lvrlieg; eay my etnssar jg:", e tl '"?.es ea -o lfiosomi .prT ionie d url,+ Lay those white clusters down; Let silken snood with maiden grace Hold back the ringlets from thy face, But not that starry crown. " Or let some simpler blossom twine Upon thy forehead, daughter mine, Blush rose or lily white ; Or let a simple string of pearls Gleam girlishly among thy curls, Upon this festive night. " Jut take those waxen bloom's away, Ah, darling I thoughts I cannot stay Spring in smy wakened heart;' Pass on, my sweetest, out of sight, Take thou thy fill of young delight, While I sit here apart." I hear her flutter down the stair,. I hear the chariot wheels that bear From me my pearldss maid; Now, wherefore should it waketo.night That ghost of dead-and-gone delight I thought forever laid? i The air is heavy with perfume, Oat-breathed from that white mass of.bloom SMy child laid gently down; , Ah me I an old-time sorrow stire I ; ? I see on'curls as bright as hers A stephanotis crown. Across dark memory's time-worn track o A vision of that face comes back ' That won my boyish heart; My wife, the mother of my child,' What waves of sorrow wide and wild i Have set us twain apart. - ' '- i Yet flesh of'flesh, and bone of biinob, She was to me beloved alone - ? " Of all earth's womankind; She ruled me with'supreme command; I put my honor in her hand,' Love made me wholly blind.'" I kept her from the world apart, I wore her in my inmost heart A pure and perfect pearl; Ah me I I doted over- much, I never thought that shame could.touolih The mother of my girl; Evo 'scaped not sin in Paradise, . .- , And shall her daughters be more wise? The tale is common now; Through flowery downward paths -beguiled, The mother wandered from her child, The wile forgot her vow. Yet on that night of bitter wo. She stayed to kiss her child, I lknow, - For by the little bed I found a waxen-petalled flower, Torn, haply, in that parting hour, From her bright drooping head. Now if the green grass waves above Her grave, or if that guilty love Still solaces her life, I know not, I may never know, Time cannot bridge the floods that flow 'Twixt me and my lost wife. l'eaceo, peace, my heart; be calmh be strong, The child retrieves the mother's wrong, Life Iholds now hopes for thee; ' The white flowers perish in the flame So may the past with all its shame Die evermore for mel 1 ' -All the Year Roundf, 