TRUE GHOST STORIES. The two ghost stories told (says the London correspondent of the Liverpool Mercury) by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Pyschological Society. When hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, the future defender of vivisection was studying for the medical profession, he bad a horror of the ghastly details of tbe business, which he imagined he could never overcome. He was cared, strange to say, by a fright Having to take some medicine on a windy night to Lancaster Castle, he had to pass' through the room in which he had taken part in dissections. Just as be entered the room with the basket of medicine under his arm, the clouds which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and looking up, the future biologist saw what he thought was an enormous figure in white, with arms outstretched, looking down upon him. He turned around trembling, and against the wall opposite stood another figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran. The patients in Lancaster Castle got no medicine that night. But when he returned next day and fonnd tb»t be had been frightened by mortuary eheete, be braced his nerves ap w that he was soon cofleetrag sknUs. At last a negro died in i-«-»»«tw Catftle, and the young doctor got permisaioo to have his head. It was again a windy night when the operation of removing the head waa deter mined upon. Bat habited inbifi longcloak, then the fashion, and provided with a blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had the head safely stowed away. As he left the room in which the coffin lay, however, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw him upon bis face. Attempting to recover himself, he lost his hold of tie bag, the bead fell out, rolled with increasing velocity down a flight of steps, across a courtyard, and settled itself upon the neck, with one eye open and the other shut, in a room where two women shrieked. The profeesor rushed wildly after it, took no notice of the women, seized the efcnU, pot it m bis bag again and ran from tbe Castle. Four or five years afterwards he was attending a dying woman, who called loudly for a clergyman, to whom she had something to telL The doctor begged her to tell him, as no clergyman was near enough to be called in time. At length she spoke. 'Oh, sir, I bad a husband, who was a nego, and I fear, a bad n\fu)m He died, sir, in Lancaster Castle; and, oh ! sir, I waa standing one day in the room when my husband's head came out of the floor, and seemed to ask me to help him. And then, sir, the devil came through the door, snatched up the head, pat it in a bag, and disappeared before I could do anything. And I have never done anything. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor husband's sonL' 