TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE, (from the Sydney Paper.) PAEEÄMÄTTA. Thuraday! [Evening News.]-A. shocking accident happened yesterday to a boy named Sydney Warren, in the employ of Mr. French, at the tweed factory. While the lad was in the act ot feeding " the devil," one of the claws of the machine caught his band and dragged it inwards, tearing all the flesh from off the bones. He waB taken to the hospital, where Mb arm below the elbow was amputated. He is /progressing favorably. TEMORA. Thursday. [J?c7(0.]-A trial crushing of 20 tons stone (from Bell's reef, near the Deep Lead, re- cently completed at the 8. A. crushing ma- chines, yielded 3oz. gold, or 3dwt. to the ton. BOURKE. Tueaday. [Herald]- The last report received from the Government water-boring party at No. 1 boro, l8 miles from here, on Fort Bourke, is to the effect that they are down lui feet 4 inches; through the last 24 feet it waa quite dry, going through stiff blue clay. The work which had been temporarily suspended for a few days through a breakage to part of the gear, ia now being proceeded with. No. 2 bore at Goonery, 20 miles west of War-ego, cannot be gone on with until the receipt of tubing from Sydney. The bore is now down 31 feet 6 inches. Muddy fresh water drift riaea up 5 feet in the bore as fast aa emptied. There are numerous mud apringB round. The continuation of the survey on the diiect road from Goonery to Wanaaring, on the Paroo, will be shortly proceeded with. There are now splendid grass and plenty of water in the vicinity of both boring camps. Great interest attaches to the operations at No. 1 bore, as hitherto salt water was always struck. A half-acre of land, unimproved, in Mit- chell-street, has juBt been sold for £2300 to Mr. T. Huggins of Louth, who intends building thereon the largest family hotel in northern Riverina. Five years ago this same land was valued at about £300. CARCOAR. Tuesday. [Herald.]-At Bunt Yards, to-day, a miner named Bob Rutherford was badly injured in an accident. Whilat driving a charge of powder with an iron crowbar, the blast sud- denly went off. Rutherford, who was down the pit, waa brought up 15 feet from tho drive, and then was pulled up the main shaft by being tied to a rope. He was then brought to the hospital and placed under the care of Dr. Smith. The sufferer was found to have sustained a compound fracture of the thigh, and a compound fracture of the elbow, beBidea various other contusions on his face. An operation was found necessary to save his life. Ile lies in a precarious condition. Since the loop line of railway, Blayney to Murrumburrah, was approved of by Parlia- ment in March, 1881, 418 selections, embrac- ing 39,000 acres, have been taken up at the Carcoar Lands Office; -and at the Cowra Lands Office, during the same period, selec f tiona exceeding 80,000 acres have been taken ¡' up, "in many cases owing to the loop-line LHa-'i*>.g-'been approved by Parliament. The crops during the past season are giving a splendid average. There are nine steam threshers now at work in this district, which have already put through otor 120,000 bushels of grain. Clements and Barlow have just finishel a crushing of 30 tons of quartz from their claim situated at Galley Swamp, realising 18oz. 15dwt. gold for seven weeks' work for two men. The reef in some parts is G feet thick. The newly formed Melbourne Company's claim, situated at Newton's Paddock, Forest Beefs, started crushing last week, having ready a lr.rge quantity at grass. The stone looks well. TRUNKEY CREEK. Tuesday. [Herald.]-Thirty-seven tons of quartz from Willis and party's claim Golden Point, realised over 11 ounces of melted gold. WAGGA WAGGA. Wednesday. [Evening News] -The returns of the Wagga land office for the quarter ending March 31 are as follows :-Conditional pur- chases, deposits, £15,6713s 11d ; conditional purchase balances, £2020 9s 10d ; interest, £7617 7s 7d; instalments, £2876 2s 9d ; auction sales, £2767 1s 1d ; pre-emptive leases, £322 11s 2d ; sundries, £158 8s 6d ; total, £31,472 4s 10d. _ Despite the abolition of auction sales, there is an increase over the corresponding quarter of £723 7s 5d. BRISBANE. Wednesday. [Evening News.]-A fight occurred between two men named Boyce and Shea at Lillies- mere, on the Lower Burdekin. Shea has since died. The police are about to hold an in- quiry into the affair. Mr. Redmond left Rockhampton yesterday for Sydney. [Herald.]-The son of A. Monteith, a clerk in the post office, was drowned in a lagoon at Townsville yesterday whilst bathing, in view of a number of companions. The weather is beautifully fine and plea- sant. The permanent survey of a railway be- tween Mackay and Eton, North Queensland, is now completed. The Duke of Buccleuch, which arrived at Cooktown to-day, brings 702 immigrants. No news has been received by the Buccleuch as to the annexation of New Guinea. Thursday. [Evening News.]-The permanent survey of a railway between Mackay and Eton (North Queensland) has been completed. A horse belonging to Mr. Brabazon, man- ager of the Oakey Creek Meat Preserving works was found at the paddock gate yester- day morning, riderless. On search being made, Mr. Brabazon was discovered lying badly injured about the spine and back. The horse had slipped in leaping a log, and rolled over Mr. Brabazon. No bones were broken, but internal injuries are feared. The Aramac police report that a boy named Keogh was lost on the 7th instant, at Dey Olive. A search party has been sent out. The Queensland Turf Club is urging upon all the Queensland race clubs to appoint one public handicapper for the important meet- ings. The steamer Geelong, while going down the river on Tuesday night, ran into the cutter Lone Star, belonging to Mr. R. Leftwych, which was on her way to Brisbane from Caboolture, with cargo. The cutter sank. Two men and a woman with a child were picked up by a boat's crew from the Geelong. The Marine Board will hold an inquiry into the matter. MELBOURNE. Tuesday. [Herald.]-The Grand Council of the Loyal Orange Institution of Australia com- menced its sittings this morning in the Pro- testant Hall. The following delegates repre- senting tho various grand lodges were present : -Victoria: Eev. Dr. Gilchrist, president; Rev. J. T. Kearns, J. W. Waugh. New South Wales : H. Hicks, vice-president ; R. L. Murray, M.L.A., N. J. M'Kenzio. Queens- land : Rev. .T. Carson, Peter M'Lean, M.L.A., and Rev. W. Bradley. South Australia: Rev. J. W. Bamber, secretary. It was decided to form a Grand Council of Australasia, and the preparation of a constitution for its government was then proceeded with. The conference meet every three years ; the next meeting will be held at Brisbane in March, 1885. Mr. Greene, Engineer u£ Existing Liaes, whilst giving evidence at the Hawthorn collision inquiry, before the board to-day, re- ferred to the appointment of Mr. Pointing as inspector, which had been made in opposition to his recommendation. When Mr. Bent, the late Minister for Railways, made this ap- pointment, witness warned him that hu, Mr. Greene, would not be responsible for any accidents occurring while Mr. Pointing un- dertook to do two men's work. Mr. Point- ing, he said, exercised undue influence over the Minister, which seriously interefered with railway discipline, but the proper remedy had been since applied by Mr. Gillies, the present Minister. Before the tariff commission to-day further evidence was taken in regard to the duties on colonial and imported spirits. The manager of the Scotch Distillery Company, at San- dridge, stated he employed three men, to whom he paid £400 per annum as wages ; but it was elicited from him that the difference between the excise duty on colonial whisky and the duty on the same quantity of im- ported whisky was £7000 per annum. Mr. Hammond, of the Excise Departmeut, stated that the total loss to the revenue since 18G2 by the difference between the excise and im- port duties waB £402,877. There were at present several distilleries in operation in Victoria, this industry ".employing only about 40 men at present. A disgraceful disturbance took place at Carlton this evening. A constable who had arrested a well-known thief for larceny, waa followed by a mob of 50 larrikins, who stoned him and forced him to drag his prisoner into an hotel in order to obtain shelter. The doors of the hotel were at once closed, but the crowd which had rapidly increased, burst them open again, and threw road metal into the building. The constable, having hand- cuffed his prisoner, made another effort to reach the watchhouae, when the crowd again set upon him. A police sergeant went to his assistance, and arrested the ringleader of the assistance, and arrested the ringleader ot the mob. The sergeant was also immediately assailed by stones, and his helmet was knocked off and used as a football. Another consta- ble who came upon the scene sustained some bruises from heavy pieces of road metal which were flying about in all directions, and he received in addition a severo kick in the gioin. Ultimately both prisoners were lodged in the lockup. The conference between the Chambers of Commerce and of the manufacturers on the question of immigration is concluded. The conference "t^ve adopted a series of resolu- tions affirming the desirability of State assistance being ¡5¡ven to immigration, be- cause the present scanty 0f labour retarded the individual progress (A tho colony, and would, if continued, cause it ¿0 ff,*' 'nt0 an inferior position in the AuBtui¡ftn group. The resolution carried also set forth %&t;¡ the deliberate determination of those cu-mjes which had adopted State immigration c<^_ tinued to prevail; and this, as well as the high rates of wages ruling there, had proved that the objections urged against the immi- gration system wore fallacious. It was resolved that copies of these resolutions should l)e pent to the Government and to the respective Chambers. Wednesday. [EeJw.] - The National Agricultural Society hiia decided on applying that the next Grand National show shall be held in Molbourne. In the opinion of the society, the National show should always take place in Melbourne. [Evening News.]-The Minister of Landa has decided to reserve from sale the whole uf the lands on the south bank of the Yarra, where it is intended to make a " ßhort-eut" canal. The level of the Yan Yean reservoir is 4ft. lower than tho minimum gauge has been for many inontb.3. The Wallaby Creek works will shortly bo taken over by the Government, and an additional supply of waCôr will thus be obtained. The failure of the Rabbit Suppression Act is alleged to be due to want of energy on the part of the ahire councils. The International Fair in the Exhibition Building continues a success, and will bo kept open all tho week. The National Agricultural Society will ask the Government for £500 for expenses in connection with the next BIIOW. [Herald.]-The Minister for Lands lias received a letter from a correspondent in Canada, signing himself J. G. Scott, suggest- ing that electricity might be employed in the destruction of rabbits; and he recommends the employment of electricians in the erec- tion of wire fences from six to nine miles' circuit. This done, the rabbits might then be driven towards the fence, contact with which would kill them. The Board for the Protection of Aborigines has passed a resolution complaining of the Acting Chief Secretary obtaining a repeal of the order in Council for the removal of an aboriginal named Punch from Corranderrk Aboriginal station to Lake Tyres station, as being discourteous to the Board, and the matter is to be brought before the Assembly. The Grand Council of the Loyal Orange Institution of Australasia continued ita sit- tings to-day. The rituals in use in the various colonies were revised, and a uniform service for all the lodges was agreed to. The Hawthorn Railway Collision Arbitra- tion Board was engaged to-day considering the heavy claim made by Jno. Jas. Randell for £G000 for damages. The claimant, who, whilst giving his evidence, had to be propped up in »n arm- chair, was a travelling agent for the Australian Widows' Fund and Life As- surance Society. He had been attended by five doctors, and is still suffering very severely from the effects of the collision in his legs and back and eyes, whilst in weight he had lost over 2| stone, and was said to be daily losing flesh. His evidence was not concluded when the board adjourned. An influential deputation interviewed the Chief Secretary to-day, urging the Govern- ment to introduce an amended Health Bill, particularly dealing with the back slums of Melbourne. Mr. Zox, M.L.A., said the matter was one essentially for the consideration of the Government, as the present back slums of the city were most discreditable, and persons of ap- parent respectability were drawing largo incomes from rents of what might be termed uninhabitable dwellings. The City Council and the Board of Health were alike powerless to deal with the matter. Mr. Berry said the Government were fully impresaed with the importance of the question, which would receive full conaideration. Ile was inclined to think that a Metropolitan Board of Works Bhould be created to deal with such mattera. However, a bill had been already drafted, and would when ready be referred, to the various bodies represented by the deputation, for their suggestions. The Government intend embodying in a Bill to Amend the Post-office Statute, to be introduced next session, a provision empower- ing the Government to issue postal mouey orders transferable by delivery, similar to those in use in England. A market gardener, named Purvea, was killed at Brighton this evening by falling out of a dray, the wheels of which passed over his neck. The Commissioner of Railways has sanc- tioned the free carriage over the railwaya to Melbourne of the exhibits for the Calcutta Exhibition. The Salvation Army, the leader of which was fined £5, and £5 5a costs, yesterday, absolutely refused to diaperse this ovening, defying the warning given by the police ; and the Mayor, who, observing the proceedings, and seeing that the army was likely to cauae a disturbance, took the responsibility of ordering the police to prevent them continu- ing their march through the streets and sing- ing. There were only two constables present, however, and the army declining to disperse, the names of the leaders- consisting of four men and one female-were taken, aud against these eummonses will be issued. One of the members of the army threatened a citizen who, having a Bick child, complained of the nuisance caused by the army singing outside hia place, and atated that if he con- tinued his objection to the army be would not be alive in a fortnight. Sir Patrick Jennings had an interview with the Premier to-day to ask the Government to co-operate in a demonstration in connection with the joining of the intercolonial railway at Albury and Wodonga. Nothing definite waa, however, arranged, either as to which of the two places the propoaed demonstration was to take place, or the date on which it waa to be held. Sailed: City of Adelaide (s.), and You Yangs (a.), for Sydney; South Australian (a.), and Penola (a.), for Adelaide. Thursday. [Echo.] - A handsome howdah has been prepared, in order that children may enjoy elephant rides in the Zoological Gardens. [Evening News ]-Samuel Mil Is, a labourer, aged 70 years, of independent means, while hurrying to catch a train at Hawthorn station, dropped dead on the platform. A lady's bonnet and a parasol of expensive make have been found on the banka of the Yarra at Collingwood. The "police are dragging the river. The sum of £10 an acre ia offered for land at Warrnambool. There ia some probability of the Tramway Bill passing during the next session. Much pressure is being brought to bear on the sub- ject, but the movement is opposed by the Liberal party in the House, and that party ^ras most of the Government strength. It '". rumoured that a veBael is on her way out to ii.e colonies with 300 red- hot Sal- vation'^0) vho will take up their residence in Australia. A male child, gn6*y dressed, and in a healthy condition, hy, been found in the domain gardens, near Government House. A large deputation, consiating of members of the committee oi the Creswick disaster relief fund, waited u-»n the Minister of Mines, to ask that the sum ,f £-.0,000 ahould be placed on the estimates foi-. neuera- fua¿ for the relief of minera in dialog They said that they had already £20,500 v, ^m¿ that amount having been collected i. ,tn' various parta of the colony and T.iainanit The monoy would bo properly iuvested, and only the intereat would be paid away, so that _1 _u the principal would remain iu the bank. If Parliament refused the grant the principal would have to be uaed. The fund would atand for nil time, and form a general relief fund for accidenta, &c.; The Miniater of Minea promised to do all he could for the deputa- tion, and to confer with his colleagues on the subject. 5IELEOUESK LITE STOCK liAJtKET. Melbourne, Wednesday. [Herald.]-Meaars. Richard Gibaon and Co. report :-Fat Cattle : Only 1130 yarded, being the shortest supply for some weeks. All arrived from Victoria, and were sold at an advance of from 15a per head for prime qualitiea, whilst othera ruled 10s higher. We quote prime bullocks to £13 5s. We sold 250fordifferentt>owners. Fat Sheep: 15,000 penned ; only a Binall proportion being prime quality, the bulk being medium and inferior. Sales were not brisk, but late ratea were maintained. Best merino wethera worth 13s to Ila Gd, seconds 10a to 12a, best crossbred IGa to 18a. We sold 2000. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, and Co. re- port :-Fat Cattle : There was a much shorter supply of cattle than usual ; there waa a good sprinkling of useful qualify. The market was briuk from start to finish at an advance of 10s on last week's prices. The bulk came from Gippsland. We sold GO at £14. The supply of good wethers was limited. We sold -17G0 to 14s Gd, top prices. Messrs. King and Cuningham report: Cattle: 1100 yarded, being a better supply of primo. Prices up from 153 to 25a. ' Beat pena of bullocks brought £11 to £13 5s; for good, £9 to £10 . cows, £9 7e Gd. Our salea are Victorians at quotations.* Sheep : 14,000 penned, the quality of the whole being better ; prices were easier, declining about Is from | late rates. Merino wethers, J3s to 14s ; crosabreds, IGa to 18s, and a few extra higher. We sold 2000 sheep and lambs: at highest rates, topping the market in crossbreds, ewes, and wethers and lambs. This week we have placed 10,000 merino wethers in Rirerina. Measra. Dal. Campbell and Co. report : Fat Sheep :-14,070 yarded-mostly Vic- torian ; a heavy supply of prime and crosa- breds, which caused a fall of 6d on last week's rateB. We quote best crosBbreds from 16s to 18a ; beat merino wethers from 12s to 14s ; second ditto, 10s to 11s. Fat Cattle : 1400 penned, chiefly Victorian, and all small lots ; trade was brisk, and prices rose 20a to 25s ; best bullocks made £13 5s. ADELAIDE. Tuesday. [Herald.]-A coronial inquiry into the cause of the explosion of the gasometer about a fortnight ago at Bowden took place to-day. The principal witness examined was the manager of the company. The inquiry was ultimately adjourned to allow of an examin- ation by experts of a plate in the gasholder, which, being inflected inwards, suggested the idea that dynamite had been placed on the top of the holder and there exploded, conveying thus ignition to the gas and the foul air in- side the holder. The Springhill Mines Company in the ^Northern Territory have juat divided £1000 amongst the shareholders. On Monday a girl, aged 4years, fell into a tub of scalding water, prepared for cleaning a pig. The child being severely burned, is dying. Wednesday. [Evening News.]-Three lads have escaped from the reformatory hulk Fitzjamea moored off the Semaphore. They got through a win- dow of the dormitory and launched a boat. Two of them have been captured. Two attempts at burglary were made at Yongala on Monday night. A storekeeper's cellar was entered, but the thieves were scared. They then tried to break into the j Town and Country Bank, but the manager heard the nöiae and frightened them away. At the Criminal Sesaions yeaterday, John Cameron was charged with having obstructed the Adelaide and Terowie railway by placing a waggon and team of horses across the line. He was acquitted. Wednesday. [Herald]-The Scottish Imperiallnsursnce Company, with whom Messrs. Maitland, Green, and Co. had insured goods in their sample room for £400, and whose premises were burnt in January last, have paid parí of the money, but dispute the remainder, which will have to be decided at the next sittings of the Supreme Court. A boy named Schumnitz, aged 12, waa to- day fined £5, in default 14 days' imprison- ment, for wilfully breaking telegraph in- sulators, The magistrate said an example was required, as the Telegraph Department had a week ago to replace GO insulators on the line'between Eowland's Flat and Lyndoch. The Lobethal Tweed Company's manager arrived by the steamer Cintra on the 7th, bringing a portion of the new machinery to be used in the company's factory. The Aaca lon, which left London on February 17, had on board more plant for the company's works, and the rest is coming in the steamer Rosetta. At the criminal sittings a builder named Hatawell waa found guilty of perjury, and waa sentenced to two years' imprisonment. A deputation waited on the Commissioner of Railways, asking the Government to intro- duce a bill to construct^ railway from Port Germain to Booleroo. The Commissioner replied that he could holdout no hope of that being done, as the policy of the Government was to make lines for development, not for accommodation, as was the one asked for. Thursday. [Evening News.]-An information has been laid against Mr. F. II. Linklater, solicitor, formerly of Sydney, by Mr. Moss Samuel Solomon, for libel. Mr. Linklater accused Mr. Solomon of improperly taking an oppor- tunity of inspecting the interior of a woman's bedroom while the occupants were undreaa ing. The caae will be heard at the police court on Monday. PERTH. Tueaday. [Herald.]-Mr. Maitland Brown has de- spatched a draft of highly-bred mares and fillies to Kimberley, where they will be on sale separately or as a lot, Thursday. [Evening News.]-An accidental explosion of dynamite on the Eastern railway line has caused injuries to three men at work there. Mr. Rosaer has definitely arranged with the Freemantle Municipal Council for lighting the town with gaa, and has already begun preliminary operations. DUNEDIN (N.Z.) I r. " Wednesday. [Evcn..a frews.]- The ateamer Port Jack- son, which u8 been built here for the Port Jackson Steam -Navigation Company, for ser- vice aa a passei^er boat in Sydney har- bour, waa launched yesterday. She is the first steel veisel built in New Zealand. WELLINGTON. _ . __ Thursday. [Evening -Zvc,,s.]_ThB customs duty for the past fina.cial year amounted to £1,400,918, or £o00 below the Treasurer's estimate. The bo* duty wa3 £2GG1 above the estimate. The new schoone. Clarinda from Grey mouth, coal laden ismisgjn". it i8 feared th.ifc «he has founderedv¡tb all hands. The Native Minister , travelling through the country where the Bui.ey0rs -Trere seized. CfHujTîi- Au attempt ia bem^taade in t'ie old country to revive the babel in visiUnts Erom nn^ther world, and many are the wonderfu stones tbatfill some ot th3 journnla. Tho scepticn mind i« ho*», ever, muiue 1 to adopt Scroogn'a íeina k. to M irleya glios " How do I know that j ou i rt not a bit cf undigest d bread ?" foi, of nil the gho^t nroducers n bit of ' heavy" bread 13 the most pottnt It is a wonder, trmretore, thut people r*o not adopt the au.e-t eprll against ghosts bj using Bom cii's Gold Medil linking Powder m making bread, for, al1 hough it won't " raise ghosts," it will rake brend in the mo~t admirable fnshion, Every wise stirs k opar li is it by him, and every good housewile buj a it '. NK\\-- LAMPS FOIÏ OLD ONES ! !" (vide Aladdin ana Judain )-Ke-dje evorjthing with Jadaon'a D\e» Re gild j ->ui picture/rampa with Judson'a G Did Piunt Re-blnck your fenders, atoves, Le , with Judson's Artiata' Black, Sold by Cheinista, Stations«, and Storekeepers everywhere. u-02 