CASTLEMAINE. (FROM OUR own CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday, 14th April. The Castlemaine Bicycle Club will have a sports meeting on the Queen's Birthday holiday at the Camp Reserve, on which occasion it is hoped we shall have many visitors who delight in the magic wheels. The programmes are not out yet, but I can inform you in advance that the chief events decided on are the following:—One-mile race for all Victorian comers; race in three events of one, two, and three miles, also open; two-mile race confined to members of the Castlemaine club: two mile race open to members of the clubs of Sandhurst, Maldon, Kyneton, and Castlemaine. All these will be handicaps, to give an equal chance to the juniors. There will also be a one- mile race of a novel kind—the riders being restricted to the use of their feet to guide as well as to propel their machines; and there will be tilting at the ring. The Premier has kindly pre- sented a five-guinea trophy to the club, to be run for in any race the committee may select, and it is confidently expected that a good many more prizes will be on the list when it appears. The Rev. P. R. C. Ussher, the Wesleyan minister newly appointed to this circuit, preaches here to-morrow for the first time. A young man residing at Strangways, named T. Tripp, was riding two days ago, when his horse being restive, shied and struck his riders head against a tree, hurting his head badly. He was brought in to Castlemaine to-day, and taken to the hospital, where he still remains. A concert will be given at the Mechanics' Insti- tute on the 25th instant in aid of the organ fund of the Congregational Church. A good programme has been put forward, many of our best local amateurs consenting to assist. Music, vocal and instrumental, humorous and sentimental, quar- tettes, trios, duets and solos combine to invite a good audience; and the last on the list goes by the name of "Shakespearian Illustrations, plain and colored." Macbeth will encounter a ghost of Banquo of the darkest dye, and Othello will woo and smother a bride whose alias is the "Coal black Rose." To-day was the monthly fair at Castlemaine, but the number of cattle brought in was very small, and scarcely any business was done. A few horses were sold at from £5 to £12 each. One of our most popular men, Mr George Smith, is soon leaving us, to tho general regret. He has long been well-liked, both in a social and business point of view, is one of our best cricketers, and has always taken great interest in our sports, where he has been in great request as a committee- man, and notably as a starter. He is about to reside in Melbourne, and will shortly sell his house and property at auction, one of the handsomest and best-situated residential proper- ties in Castlemaine. MINING. During the past fortnight an improvement has taken place in several of the Chewton claims, most notably in Mr. Dyason's lease, Argus Hill, where a party of tributors, Messrs. Hocking and party have obtained 82ozs of gold from 25 tons, or over 3ozs to the ton. The stone was broken from a good body in the northern workings. At the adjoining claim, the Wheal Margery, every- thing is working satisfactorily, and the batteries will be cleaned up next Saturday. The No. 1 tributors have seen some nice gold in breaking the quartz. With a little expense in the course of time, another wheel and battery could be erected „ti io:i-'i'liold ti> l'« worked in addition In tin present without increasing cost of the niotivi when about 2f50 tons of quartz could bi 'rushed J»n- week, tlio claim having an alnios iin-xhaustiblo bodv of auriferous quartz most easily «nd which will ultimately pay guoi dividends. ... . . Tlio Wattle uully mines nro improving steadily Tlio Central tributes havo obtained 77 ozs 12 dwt: from a small crushing, and tlio Wheal Torrill 2l ozs Hi dwts. The Nimrod party havo 20 ozs from about 3( tons. Logan and party, 8 o;s 38 dwts. OUmi iTiishings add 20 07.3 to above list, all of Chuwton •Hid alluvial, :t0 ozs. ; (ioklen Kuglo Company, Frvoratown. — The liilmtiirs cleaned up for a yield of 38 ozs (i dwts If ims from l-'f'l t"iiH, and as U10 coppor plntos won fli':iiied by U10 company bofore tlio t.rilmtor« tnol; j,.i>.M'ssiiin, another H or •! ozs would bo absorbed ,.,'j (ho plates, which aro now well faced. The ilillVn'iit drives ill tlio mino arc looking v«ry well, ;,li slimviii(T gold. . ; The. .Mein's I' reehold washed off yest,onlay for 30 o/sdwts I'J which (fives it dividontd'nr .t'ii por iiliaiv, and the (fraud Trunk had 50 ozs 10 dwts, jjivini^ a dividend of £7per sliaro. ■ . ' Till; Chapel Hill Company, Vryorstown, havo olilnined >S ozs from 20 tons—iv trial crushing. (,'ond iuiprovonicnt is reported to havo occurred ill the Uuturprisu mino at l'Yyors. AttlieUrcat Wonder Company, MnlniBbury, Iju! engine and all tho plant is now 011 tlio ground, and ImilitiL* tliu water out of tho mino will bo com menced (liis wook, and it will probably take tlnvoduys boforo tho men can got bolow. The Tarilta Company havo 30 ozs 2 dwts. 