-THU "SOLDIER OF FORTUNE:" A TALK OF TUB BY TUB AUTHOR of 'MINNI* Gut»',' 'STASKIKI.O HALI.,' &o; I OHAL'TKIl LU. O, trimcheroiti nitflit 1 1 Thou lûiitlst thy riwly vtill tu ««eli truitson, Awl teumtng intiulil«fii tlirlvu UoiiuiitU tliy HtinOe. AA HUN HILL, Tim city ot Gimritz Kliiui-lu Kassia thoy gav« very mngniucont names lu places which lu muru civilised . countries wuuld sciuuoly ho honoured hy u notice on tho mups-is little moro Mum ii long- struggling village, with thu (Jrook or niitlouiil churuh ut ono und, and tho residoneu of tho Governor at thc other; Imillie buildings, properly spoukiug, it can scarcely io said to possess ; unless, Indeed, thc prison and a low woollen edifice, ut willah thu traders in fur aro occa- sionally lodged, bo worthy of tho appclliitiun. As I for tho guard of tho Cossacks, about eighty in number, I stationed ut tho placo, they cither quarter themselves without ceremony on thu inhabitants, or lodge in thu upper part ol' thu town, Hanking tho only two entrances to thc piuco, which ls surrounded by wal's of wood or stone, cemented together by tho mud and slime collected lu summer by tho oxllos on tho bunks of tho Ubi. 'Hie olilof entrance to tho town, named after thc Czar, Nicolai Thor, faced the north, and commanded a vast view ovur tile dcsoluto snow stoppo, wliosu undulting surface resomblcd u son suddenly changed to marble, tho edges caused by tho drifting of tho sand being as regular as though tho plough had traced them. About tlfty yards from thu gates stood a clump of solitary pine trees, tho lower brunches bent even to tho earth by tba weight of snow accumulated upon thom. ' Tho moon was shining with that intenso brightness seen only in northern latitudes : so powerful was thc light sba gave that nut a sable could have urosscd thu ground within shot without being purcoived as dis- tinctly as by daylight, when four men, clothed lu sheepskin dresses, ami woariug the usual mask ns a protection to tho face, approach tho spot wo have attempted to describe, a fifth drove olf witli thc sledge from which they hiul alighted, but speudiiy rejoined his companions, after having concealed tho vehicle lu a hut at a short il Ut anco ; ho lcd ll hound by a string cord, Tho party consisted of our hero, Henri du la Tour, thc Pole, and Alexis Troubotskoi. All four were armed with tholr rides a precaution runderod necessary on account of tho wolvos. ' Hero we aro, ut Cherltz Khau at last,' observed tho young Frcnohmau ; and, if tba question bo nut iudlsorcot, may I ask why aro wo hero V This was addressed to J lilian ' Tho hour of vongonco hos arrived,' was tho roply. 'Tho innocent blood which has so long criod to Heaven lor justice has boon heard at last, ishmael is within tho walls.' Thu brother of tho mitrdaicd Oscar examined tho priming of his weapon with an air of determination ' which announced that ha for one was resolved that this time tho Jew should not escapa thc penalty due to hts crimes. ' Patience,' continued thu speaker, ' Viitlenco,' repeated tho young man ; ' ovnry mo- ment tho murderer walks tho earth is ii reproach to mc, eaoh breath ho draws a delay of justice. In tho still hours of tho night I seo tho eyes of lils victim turned towards me, us if to ask for vengoucu on his cowardly assassin. 1 cannot rest till it is fulfilled.' 4 Four uot,' obsorved tho Polo, calmly, ' tho debt shall bu paid lu full, lt is hard, 1 know to preach patience when the heart is on lire, and tho brain maddened by tho sensa of injury ; but prcecpitntlon ' would defeat our purposu. Ishmael has contrived to ' seen re tho protection of tho Governor of Cherltz Kliau.' ' Uy bribery of cotirso,' said Charles Vavassour ; * that man would sell his very soul for a handful of .. rubles,' , . ;r . ' ' ' And mako no bargain either,'exclaimed Henri j 'considering tho iliunugo condition ot* th j article, i How did you obtain tho information V j ' tty thu sanio munns ns thu assassin his protection," answered .lillian : . for if tho governor is mom-nary, ¡ his subordinates are evon moro oorrupt. I po.'susa [ tho oluu nf thc intentions of Ishmael, and, ut tho ; very moment ot' his triumph, will de teat thom.' ¡ ' But how uro we to obtulu outrance tu tho town,' ilomand Charles Vnvnssenr, ' without our pro-enoo hoing known. Tho gates aro shut.' 'That, too, is arranged.. Tho ollloor ls bribud.' By this timo .Tauk Curtin ha l joined thom with tho hound. It wns settled amongst thu speakers that tho faithful follow should remalli outsido thc gat». In order to bo reidy with tho sloilgo in auront their belüg discovered, mid nu Iniiuudinto (light rendered necessary. Tho dilliuiilty was to próvido a place ot coiicoaliiient for him, where ho might remain for several hours without tho risk of Unding him on their return frizin to danth. After some search a Assure wns found in tho wall of tho town oloso lo tho gates, snlllolently lnrgn for .lack t» a.pu'czo himself into. It hud huon caused by tho intonso fi os ts noting upon tho mud. wh'oh served to bind the nullawil stones mid timbera together, mid was so nour tho gato mid Hie sulllin-y clump of trees we hnvo ilosurHicd us toonnblohlm to seo every- thing that passed. ' Ho curcio],' said our hero, who insisted upon Jack taking Ilia own sheepskin clonk to a-slst lu keeping him wnrm. . lind on no uooonnt reniovo your musk.' ' Xnvur four, Muster Charley,' replied tho lioncat Ind, ' I hnvo no wish to return to JInileyford without a nose.' At tho namo of Harloyford lila inostor slgh.d. 'If you feel your limbs cramped-or uunilmeKs spraining over thom-or inclined to sloop,' ho added, 'quit your hlding-plnuo, mid run us inst us your logs will curry you to tho slcdgo; remember.'ho lidded,. ' that hnlf tho plensurb of my return to England -if ovnr J osoupo-would bu dustroyed unloss you iiccoin ]iuniod mo. . ' Don't oe, Muster Chnrloy. do'nt co speak sn.' replied Jack, nt tho sanio timo ruining his hand, which, In ¡ts sheepskin glove, resembled tho pnw otu hugh beul', to his eyes to brush asido a tour. ' this bo a lind country to cry In. They do say at hume that salt water won't fruezo ; lut 'om conic to J/mmlilu mid try it.' Having seen tho speaker, na comfortably ns under tho circumstances it wns posslblo to niitku Illili, tho four friends nm relics I boldly towards tho guto of thu town ; on reaching which .Tullun uttered a shrill whistle-the slgiinl ngrced upon botweon himself und thu olllcor ho hud bribed. Tho amnll wlokut nt tho aldo waa opened, and Jack snw thom disappear, with a secret forobudlng that many dangers would liavo to bo oiiuountorcd before they met again. ' Well," ho exclaimed, for silica Charles Vavnsscur had Induced him-unless on very particulnr oucaslons, like tho present-to net thu purt ut a mute, hu hud contracted thu habit of talking to lilmsulf when alono ¡ ' this ho tho strangest tiling of all I What would they say ut homo could they sou mo sconced Ilka ii rat lu a hole, bulle up in a Umahhin wall. By tho time I get back Nut won't have much tho better of mc. Ile limy know tho tricks of Lunnon bettor than I do, but net moro ol' thu world.' lt wita enough that his master had told him they should return. How or when never trou Weil him. Ho placed implicit conlldeiico in his word. Tho promise wns tho only thing which sustained him in thu nililat of tho privations which ho dully endured. Tho poor fellow had boon about hnlf nn hour in his nut very comfortable position, when ho hour J. a kind of scratching nolso just over his head, while ho in- stinctively drew into lila hiding plnco, wondering what It could possibly mean. Presently a rope waa let down, and u few minutes afterwards a man dcfoonded. Tho unknown passed so nour him that ho could havo touched him. ' It bu not ghost nt any rato.' thought Juck, at th« sumo timo holding his breath ; ' thoy don't rcqulro ropes to oliuib by.' As tho mysterious personage reached tho ground, ho muttered something, which ho thought sounded very much Uko an oath. In all probability ho was not mistaken. Tim man looked carefully round him ns if to ascertain whothor ho was observed or not ¡ and, siitisiicd to all appoaranco with tho scrutiny that such was not tile caso, walked leisurely toward tho clump ot trues. Jack, who had ample timo to obsorvo Iiis features, rocognisod thu assassin Ishmael, and bitterly regretted that ha was unarmed, or that tho hound hud uot boen loft with him. As tim Israelite had n braco of pistols lu his bolt, thu lad thought it most prudent to romain whoro ho was, but if discovered ho rosolvod tn soil his lifo dourly. With somo dlllloulty ho contrived to draw tho long clasp-knife from his pockot-tho only weapon ho possessed. Once or twice ho felt strongly tomptod to out tho cord willoh danglod in front of his placo of conceal- ment, Ishmael meanwhile bogan to dig at tho root of tho third pluo-treo ; and having, with much Inborn-, for tho ground wns as hard as stone, succeeded In making a holo of a considerable depth, ho drow from his bolt a leathern bag, which ho dropped into it, and imme- diately bogan replacing tho earth and snow, nnd terminated lils labour by drawiug his wolf-skin cap sovoral time* as lightly a* penible over tho latter, so as to pruvont tho appoaranco of Its having been dis- turbed. 'That ba a oiinnlng trlok,' muttered Jack ¡ 'but I know ono as cuto. It boant always thoso that hide that Hud a'^ain.' After tho observation which snllícicnSly indicate ! his ptirposo, ho carefully drew his hoad an far as posniblo into tho bolo and hold lils bronth. Ic3t tho murderer, whom ho doubted not, would roturn by tho way ho carno, should have boon watched. Jack decidedly lind far moro presence of mind than when Sir Edward Clmllonor sent him tu London to lind ont his young master. Not oven his cousin Nut could havo noted moro prudently. With this torrior-Hko pntlenco for which ho was distinguished, tho Ind remained for moro titan an hour after tho Jew had returned and drawn tho rope up nftar him, In lils nineo of concealment, sonrccly daring to broatho. Atlast ho descended and proceeded at oiico to ascertain what it was that tho. Jew had I interred so carefully. By means of his clasp-knife, he quickly removed tho earth, and drew forth the bog, It was illloil with xilver roubles ; there must have boon n thousand, nt tho rory lunst. Doubtless thoy ware Ishmael's shuro in tho profits ol' cl'.o illiuit trade which, with tho asslstanoo of tho Bights, ho lind so long carried on., ..; - ?? . ? . , . No bad night's work.' thought Jiiolc, as ho coolly placed his treasure in his girdle. . I daru sny tho lasonl stolutbum. May ba thoy'11, help îlas ar Cliarloy and I back to England again.' Tho idea that thora was anything wrong lu appro- priating thom never cntorcd his Imagination. ..Ho considered everything legitimate spoil which waa takoii from a Jlmuhian. . :' lt lind been settled butwecu him :nnd lils master that he sliuuM wait tilt daybreak for tho return of tho party, mid in tho ovcut of their uon- iippouraneo, to return with tho sledge te thu Cossaok station In tho woo.lnlonu. ;. Anxiously did tho faithful folliw watch tho break of morning. At every ru.-tllng of tho wind ho fancied that lie hear.l tho footsteps of his master. In his anxiety for his safety, h<t delayed obeying tho orders which lind bo JU given him ; nor was it till tho gatos wore oiioncd by tho guard that, with a heavy heart, hu retraced bis steps to thu hut where ho had con- cealed the vehicle. For t'.io first tiino sineeiiis sojourn in Siberia, hu folt bow utterly dependent ho was upon tho Intelligence of others to direct him, Whilst ho is driving over tho flinton snow, olght or ten vcrsts between Cl iori tz Khan mid tho station, wo will follow tho frionds in their search after Ishinaol. No sooner hail they onterud tho town than Julian, after paying tim olllcor lils stipulated brlbo, took tho luad. and was followed by his companions In silenuo ; oven the hound appeared to comprehend tliut tho adventure they wore engaged in was u dangurous ono, for hu never on co gava tongue or attempted to stray from their side. Tho sagacity of tho animal was only equalled by his docility and fiduHty. After marching through tho prluolpal street, they turned lo tho small squiira In which tho building apprupi lated te tho usu of traders, who at stated periods visited tho district, was situated. As wo bo torn stated, it was a low, irregular edlllco. Intersected by long corridors and partitions, which divided it on either side into separate chambers. These partitions, which wera of wood, did not ox tend quito te tho roof ; ou the contrary, there was sullloiout spncu to unable anyone, provided ho woro siillloiently curious mid activo unnuglito eli mb timm, to observo ovorything Unit passcd'lii tho adjoining apartment. ? In order to enable our roadors perfectly to oompro hond the scene wo are about to describo, it is neces- sary they should understand tho locality. Un entering tho building, thoy found a rough looking Tartar, ovideutly. from tho koys at his girdle, ono of thu olliuinls of thu placo, walting to reueivo them. At thu sight of tho Pola, his Hat, unmeaning countenance relaxed into a smile, and his littlo dark eyes twinkled with avarice mid cunning. Charles und Henri secretly wondered that their companion should place any reliance on tho fidelity of such li being. Every featuro in Iiis hideous faao boro tho impress of deceit, and tho savage but prac- tised tho lessons taught him daily by his moro civilized musters. Tho l'oie counted Into his hands ten silver roubles. Poor follow, tho prollts of lils suecos» In hunting the sabio mid tho wolf wero nonrly oxhnustcd by tho brillo» he lind boon compelled to pay : for In Kussia it is thc only key to sucuoss ; fow dililcultles that It will not solve. Tho Tartar appeared dissatisfied, mid muttered something about his having promised hun twonty. ' When you havo fulfilled your part of tho agree- ment,' answered tho young man, ' thoy shall bo paid to tho last copeok.' 'Do yon doubt mo .'said tho man. 'Julian's only reply wag to shrug his shoulders. His guido perfectly comprehended him, and taking up tho lump, which ho had placed on tho floor of tho passage whilst reuuiving tho money, onoo moro con- ti u ned his marah. Ho stopped at tho end of tho corridor which lcd to tho most remoto part of the building, and unlocked tho door of a ohnmbor which was in utter darkness, and pointed to tho party to ontor. * "Sot a word,' wliisporod tho Pole, to his com- panions ; ' thu murderer is in tho next room, Not a breath,' lia added, ' till I givo tho signnl.' Churlos and Henri intimated by a pressure of tho hand that they understood him ; whilo Aloxis, to guard against aooidonts, solzad tho hound by tho collar with his right hand, and pluood tho loft ovor his mouth to provent his barking. With footsteps as noiseless as tho approach of murder, thoy crept towards tho partition which divided tho two rooms, and plnood their oyes to tho interstices of tho woodwork, willoh wore sullloiontly large to onablo thom to soo what passed. Tho room was lit by an iron cresset which hung by a chain of tho samo motal from tho ceiling. Directly under it stood a tabla, on which were li book, a long piece of failed brocade, and n cup of platina. Ishinaol, with nn air of Impatience, was paoing up and down tho floor with rapid strides, either to koop hiuisolf warm, or to whilo nway tho hour. At timos ho would pause and liston, mutter something to him- self In a tono of disappointment, then resumo his wnlk again. Poor Aloxis could scarcely control his fury whon ho behold tho cowardly assassin of his only brother. Xothlug but tho promlso ho had mndo his friend, who scorned to hara taken the direction of the affair entirety In hi ) }wnhnuds. restrained him from burst-. lng through tho panels, willoh wore low, mid nt onoo satisfying his thirst of ventanuco. Julinu, on thu contrary, appeared calm ns tho pausa which prcaodos tho outbreak of tho tempest. Thora was a terrlblo resolution In lila doop-sot, thoughtful oyo, as ho ilxoil it on tho murdaror, from whom, till the moment of action arrivod. ha never once removed lt. 'At last,' murmured Ishmael, as a sound of ap- proaching footstops was heard in tho corridor, ' tho momont of ray triumph is nt hand.' With a smile of satisfaction, ha unbarred tho door of tho chamber in which everything, by tho conni- vance of tho governor, lind boon nrrangad for his marriage, and whero for tho last throo days ho bud remained conccnlcd. nouben Bight, followed by his two sons, who tod Sara between them and tho rabbi, entered tho room. Tho expeotnxit bridegroom care- fully drow tho heavy wooden bar after thora. -,, r At tho sight of her persecutor, tho Hebrew maiden at orno* ooa>|archended ia aa iaaiaat tba parpo» for which abe had been htoaght to Charita Khan, and her ooo raffe rose with her danger. ' Back !' abe exclaimed, a* the ruffian attempted to take har hand. 'Living;, I never will be yours. Father,* she added, turning to the old nun, and clasping his arma, aa if fur protection, ' you have deceived me-dishonoured yoar gray hairs by a lie. an odiona lie. What have I done that yon should condemn me to a fate like this 2 Spare me for the memory of her who bore mo- the ohild who loved yon.' Tho ex-banker turned from her with averted i glance ; bia mind was made up for tho sacrifice. ' Minutar of tho Mose nigh,' continued the maiden, j addressing tho rabbi, ' will you prostitute your sacred office by u sacrilego .' I ara un orphan, no parent to protoct mo. Bo you that parent. Pity my agony, my desimir ; or, if thc sentiments of human charity fail to touch your heart, think on bia ven^onanoe whoso name you would profuuo.' Isaac Ualtur looked towards Ishmael, as if it were for him to reply to thia impassioned appeal. ' ' Sho ia betrothed to mo,' auld tho Israelite. ! -Against my will," answered Sara. 'Never have j my lips pronounced tho words of assent to a contract j which my soul abhors.' ' Thia ia frenzy," continued tho young man ; tho j result of her monstrous lovo for a vilo Nazareno, who j hos already corrupted her heart, ahakon her faith in i tho religion of her fathers. Hoed hor not, unless you would soo another daughtor of our rate fall from , tho faith of Israel.' j This waa artfully put. The speaker1 well knew I that by rousing- tho bigotry of tile rabbi ha would i alienee «very other scruple in bia breast. I ' It ia falso I' exclaimed tho girl, ' I am a tiuo I daughter of Israel.' '! j ' Provo it,' said Haltor, ' by accepting the husband! . whom your family havo ohoscn. for you. Too often1 ' has thu wolf desolated the fold of Judah., I will,.if : |Mjasiblo, save ono victim from tho fangs. ' Take lier ; by tho hand.'he addad, turning to Ishmael,'and nt tho sama timo opening tho book upon tho-tabla, j ' whilst in tho name of tho Moat High I. pronounco , tho words which knit tho bond botweon you.' > Iahmnel sprang towards her, but, at. tho samo instant, Sara drew along knlfo, willoh sho'wore con oonled beneath her girdle. ' . A step,1 sho said, and you clasp a corpse. 1 would rather trust to tho moray of Him whoso namo you profane, than livo tho wife of a murdorcr. A step and I render my soul to thc Groat ' Hoing who gave There was u degree of hesitation amongst tho assistants ut this extraordinary scone.: The assassin alone appeared resolute. , : ' Whut I' he muttered in a encoring tono, ' aro tho' mon of Israel to be terrified by a threat which sho dares not executo 7 ' Ttomcmber your promise,' ho added, turning to Bight and his sons ; 'or miiHfc'the bond bo brokon botweon us ? ??_?.< One of Sara's uncios, who had boon standing some- what behind tho group, suddenly sprang forward, and wrested tho woapon from tho hand of his nieoo. ' God of Isrnol I' she murmured in a despairing tone. . protect mo !' ' You call in vain,' oxolatmod Ishmael, seizing hor by thc arm. and attempting to drag her towards the table. ' His ear is deaf to tho orv of the apostate, Call on tho god of Nazarene,' he addod with a sneer, ' or on your Christian minion.' ' In a volco brokon by agony, tho malden pronounced tho namo of tbo Polo. ' Now, push with all your strength,' whispered Julian. Charles, Houri, and Alexis Troubetoski plaocd their shoulders against tho partition ; it fell with a loud crash, and they' sprang into tho apartment. Tho murderer Baw that his project wns dofouted, and with a look of daadly hato, levelled tho pistol, which ho hastily drow from his girdle, at tho heart of tho woman whom ho was altont to outrngo, and fired, Iiis victim full at his feet, deluged In blood I Before ho could draw a second woapon, tho fangs of tho animal woro buried in his throat, and ho lay struggling with him on tho floor, willoh was slippery with his own blond, as well us that of Sara, Tho report of the pistol had evidently ularinixl tho guardians of tho place. Cries wore heard, and tho tramp of approaching footsteps. Tho countenance of Julian becamu almost sublimo as ho placed his foot on tho writhing foi m nf tho nssassin, and dis- charged the contents of his rifle in his ohosfc. All this passed so rapidly that neither Bonbon Bight nor his sons had time or presenoo of mind BUtiloient to interfere. The aot of justico was no sooner accomplished than tho avenger turnod coolly from tho murderer, and knelt by tho aldo of bia expir- ing victim, who fervently pronounced his namo. Tho noxt instant tho apnrtmont was filled with tho guard of Cossacks and tho olllcials of tho plaoo, whoso first caro was to disongago Ishmael from tho fangs of tho hound. 'Thora, thorol' muttered tha Hebrew, ' pointing to tho Polo, ' thore is my assassin I' Ho raised himself with difficulty on his elbow, and glared with a look of deadly hato on Julian. (TO BB CONTIXUKD.) . '? 