THE OPPOSITION" POLICY. • Oub "morning contemporary, which . makes a point of sending a •specially prepared edition of Queensland news once a month for the enlightenment of stay-at-home readers winds up its last " Political Summary," despatched on Thursday night last, with the following oracular utterance:— \- The future is uncertain, the more so beeiuse a potent fictor in the elections hss been the anti-coolie cry. upon which question, however, those best informed kclierc ths Opposition party have no real intention to legislate. Far be it from us to dispute the above hypothesis, made, as it evidently is, with such an overpowering sense of the solemnity of the subject referred to— ' and the deep responsibility of the writer in venturing to deal with it. The future is uncertain, when one comes to seri • ously consider it—very uncertain. Not only the political future of Queensland, .hut its religious, moral, intellectual, ' social, commercial, and industrial future also. If it were not so, we should all be saved a vast amount of anxiety and •worry that we find out afterwards were altogether unnecessary. Not only are ' the' great"' majority of people in these -'times prone to meet troubles balf-way, aithe saying is, but they conjure up in ■ their imaginations no end of , gigantic troubles which.never had, ana never' ■will have, any existence outside those imaginations, and the victims wrestle with these troubles with terrible fierce ness, and ponder over them through the silent night watches in doubt and perplexity, amounting almost to despair, —and by-and-bye, after weeks, or may be months, of conflict, it is discovered that there was no occasion for a moment's uneasiness all the time, as. things have turned out the very opposite of what was anticipated. This, if care fully traced to its true source, null be found to have happened wholly and solely because " the future is uncer tain. Most assuredly the writer of that sentence was abundantly justified in the conclusion arrived at, and he can well afford to treat with dignified silence and contempt any one who ventures to question its accuracy, much less to deny it. • " "We also think the writer is justified in the conclusion arrived at in the other sentences quoted above. We do not pretend to be "best informed" as to the intentions of the'Opposition party should it succeed to power at the assembling, or soon after the assembling, of Parliament. To make-a clean breast of it at once, we plead guiltv to not being " informed" at all, either best, middling, or worst,' respecting the intentions of that parly when they get into power, and have serious doubts as> to that party having formulated their intentions up to the present. Still, following strictly the system of inductive logic, so amply and beautifully defined by Minn—and half-a-dozen clever fellows before him—we think the conclusion is inevitable that the Opposition party have no real- intention to legislate on the coolie question Bhould they succeed to power, seeing, as the party must have seen, what a very potent factor in the elections the anti-coolie cry has been; To put it in another form, as the con stituencies have with marvellous unani mity and with an earnestness amounting to passion in many cases, declared their intention to prevent, as far as in them lies, any provision being made by which the big sugar planters may dispense with European labour on their estates and over-run the colony with coolies— why the mischief should the Opposi tion want to legislate Tor the introduc tion of this kind of labour, unless it be for the purpose of being promptly driven from office again amid the howls and execration of three-fourths of the voters of the colony ? It does not seem reasonable to assume that the Opposi tion would, deliberately bring about such a catastrophe the moment they had the opportunity; nor is it at all likely that they will allow themselves to be inadvertently led into committing such an egregious blunder. The utter hopelessness of carrying through Parliament any measure for bringing in coolies to compete with and drive off white labour from every sugar planta tion in the colony, which is, and always has been, the aim and object of the planters, may, we think, be fairly ac cepted as another valid reason why the .Opposition will not attempt any legis lation of the kind, even though the party may not have formulated any specific intention on the subject up to date. If the MTlweaith Ministry, in the height of their power, with a strong and obedient majority at their backs, were not " game" to legislate for the introduction of coolies when there was some prospect of carrying such legislation through, why should Gbiffitii attempt it when there is no ghost of a chance of passing it, and when a large majority or his supporters are pledged to the lips to oppose the introduction of coolies by every means in their power, and when their only chance of getting elected was by so pledging themselves? Under these circumstances we think it may be taken for granted that no matter how grievously it may annoy the large sugar planters in the north, they will have to be content with their 20 per cent, profit per annum, and tolerate a few European labourers on their plantations to supplement their gangs of Pacific Island labourers and Chinamen. Mr. Mackossax recently told the electors of Townsville how, on one plantation-he had recently visited on the Herbert River—the \ ictorian plantation, the property of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company—there wore 850 men employed, over 200 being white men, the balance consisted of about 350 Chinamen and 300 kanakas, Other plantations, he said, were _ em ploying men in the same proportions. Altogether, there wore employed on the river about 2,000 persons, 600 o£ whom were white men vrno were not on the river eighteen months ago. On the Burdekin delta over £200,000 had been spent, affording employment to 1,500 persons, 500 of whom were Euro peans, and he clinched his argument by affirming it to be his deliberate con viction that thiB, or something like this, proportion of European labourers would be maintained on the plantations for some time to come. He even went so far as to say, that if coolies were introduced they would provide work for Europeanlabourers; but this was absurd on the face of it, and in flat contradic tion to the statement of the planters themselves, who candidly enough con fess that they want to dispense with European labour on their plantations. It is too dear, too independents-" unre liable" is the term they use—and too much disposed to stand Upon its legal rights to suit planters. In addition to the great probability that the Opposition Party, if they succeed to power, have no: real inten tion to legislate for: the introduction of coolies—it is just possible that the planters may find some addi tional difficulties thrown in the way of obtaining supplies of Pacific Island and Chinese labourers, in the near future. The true character of the recruiting trade is getting to he known far outside the borders of Queensland; and even now an Imperial Commission is in quiring into the subject with a view to suggesting remedies for proved defects, or, if that be possible, inter dicting " blackbirding " altogether. Moreover, a number of return islanders from Queensland plantations are toler ably good shots ;. and while here they were allowed to invest in arms of precision, and ammunition to match, to the whole extent of their savings. After three or foiir years on a Queensland sugar plantation . and constant rifle practice and intercourse with whites— the islander does not stand in anything like the awe of the white man which he did at the first. If, under , such cir cumstances, islanders with, their foot again upon their native beach, well armed, and with a perfect knowledge of the rascality and violence with which the recruiting of labourersis sometimes con ducted, should, savage-like, decide that it would be easier and more profitable to shoot the recruiting agent and crew of a labour vessel and seize the box of " trade " than to send their young men away for three years, with tne chances ten to one against half of them ever coming back again—it seems the most natural thing in the world that islanders so circumstanced would prefer making a dash for the box of "trade" and picking off the boats'crew* with their rifles from behind safe shelter. This sort of outrage is becoming more and more common of late, and even though the Imperial commissioners may not succeed in throwing additional difficul ties in the way of recruiting, the little incidents abovementioned will make recruiting Polynesians less attractive to the majority of owners, captains of vessels, Government agents, and all con cerned, and this will enhance the price of the islanders to the planters in Queensland to a very appreciable degree. And with regard to Chinamen, there is no sort of doubt that new and more severe restrictions will have to bo imposed to prevent the colony from being flooded and the European labour market Bwampcd by these gentry. The big sugar planters and the speculators in northern sugar lands are not yet in a position to dictate their own terms and mould the destinies of the colony to their ideal, whatever may come of it. 