BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. It is stated that the Dutch Government I have decided not to grant the sum of I 30,000 guilders which Baron Nordenskjold claims as the discoverer of the north-east passage Over the staff of a public writer in La rue du Bac, in Paris, is the following inscription : - M. Renard, public writer, advising compiler, translates the tongues, explains the language of flowers, and sells fried potatoes. The Western Insurance Review (St. Louis) says -The "American Eagle Association of the United States is the imposing title of a catch-penny insurance swindle that has been b start ed in San Francisco by high officers of the Ancient Order of United Workmen. Won't there be a blasphemous holding of notes when this bird drops its borrowed plumage and turns out to be only a buzzard. Moved by the disastrous hotel fires of recent months, the Insurance Monitor in- dates the following piece of advice': Specials and other travellers now carry a 60ft. rope in their trunks, and at night tie to the bedpost, and coil it ready for dropping out at short notice, after surveying the landscape below from the window selected for possible exit. It may be very much the thing for the goose to hang high, but our counsel to Bpociala, adjusters, and travelling more generally is to roost low. The officers of more than half-a-dozen regiments, having some fears as to the probable effects of apprehending changes in the regimental system, have, it is said, thought it necessary by legal instruments to make over the silver plate belonging to their ros Deo tive regimental messes and purchased by themselves to the custody of trustees. An American paper states that a brave man has invented a new automatic car coupler, which has been adopted by the Erie Railroad, a contract having just been made with the Gifford Our coupling and Manufacturing Company of Cincinnati, Ohio, to put the coupler on the freight cars of that road, numbering, it is said, 50 000. The cars couple automatically, and can be easily uncoupled by a chain on the roof. In operation at the Railway Exposition it proved efficient, and entitled to immediate adoption. At Denver in Colorado, Kolora Mod Pasha has run serious risk owing to the thunder of a propoHy man. Mr, Lawrence Barrett was in that city two months ago, when, a preparation of phosphorus ' was used to impart a luminous appearance to the face of the Ghost in Hamlet. Romeo and Juliet being about to be presented at the same house, the careless property man gave the Polish actress the phantoms phial in mistake for one containing the imitation sleeping potion. soon as the cork was removed the liquid ignited, and betrayed its dangerous qualities. Madame Modjoska's husband maintains that the so-called accident was premeditated. Exception is taken by the Finance Chronicle to the heavy amount of the fees to directors in the accounts of one of the English fire companies. Whilst these fees amount to £3,000, the salaries stand for £3,958 only. The Chronicle thinks the services of the directors dear Mr. W. C. Baker, of New Jersey, United States, claims to be "The Chicken King of the Universe." Mr. Baker's " ccoaloboon," or artificial hatching establishment, turns out 250,000 chickens a year. He keeps 2,000 ' laying Hens, and buys all the fresh and found eggs that are him. A startling fashion has appeared in Paris. It is nothing more nor less than wearing white wigs by ladies who Have passed their first youth, and are determined thus to take time by the < forelock. Instead of waiting for their locks to be blanched to a becoming grey, they simply anticipate nature, and add to the freshness of their skins and the brilliancy of their; eyes by an entire whitening. The hair-' dressers are jubilant at the change, and hope the wig may come, into general fashion. , i ' j The mystery of the collection of used postage stamps in Francois explained to be that the indigo used in printing them being expensive, the' French Post Office itself buys back the old stamps, and skilled chemists are employed to extract the indigo, so that it may be again employed in colouring now stamps. The French Republic has instituted a new order of Knights of Agricultural Merit and the first batch is gazetted. Fifteen green ribands have been bestowed. Their recipients comprise ' a nurseryman, a veterinary surgeon, a colonial sugar planter, a poultry breeder, two agricultural teachers, and nine prize-winners at shows, The first year's nominations are not to exceed 200, but there are 1,500 candidates. A bill has been introduced at Albany, says the Chicago Argus, which proposes to award 20,00dol. as a bonus to the inventor of a fire escape to be approved by a commission appointed by the Governor. The commissioners are authorised to award not more than three certificates If two are awarded, 35 GOOde, shall be given to the first, and 15,000 dol. to the second. If three are awarded, SO GOOde. shall be given to the first, and lu,OOOdol. to the second, and ö.OOOdol to the third. As it is to be expected that the inventor will himself personally demonstrate the utility of his device, and as inventors of patent fire escapes usually fall victims to their own inventions, it is not likely that the liberal bonus offered ever will be claimed. It is remarkable what devices are sometimes resorted to catch the unwary. Loxington-avouuo, in New York city, was cut through some years since, a strip of land 5ft. wide and 100ft. deep remained out of a certain lot, and, as the proprietor of the adjoining house would not come to terms, the owner determined to build a house there. He has not only done this, but has erected two-back to back. Each is 50ft. long by 5ft. wide and is four stories high. But the architect, taking advantage of the rule which allows of the erection of projecting bay windows, contrived thus to slightly enlarge certain rooms; the a place must be somewhat confined, and the rent, even in a first-class situation, cannot be reckoned to. be as startling bargain aïTBlOÔ a year. It is told of Joseph Jefferson, the actor, that while in a Southern city of the United States, he entered a bank to get a cheque cashed. Not knowing him or his signature, the teller refused to pay. over the amount. "But, my dear sir," ex- postulated the comedian, "lam Joseph' Jefferson, the actor." "I have no means of knowing that," replied the bank official. " Can you not bring somebody to identify you?" "That trouble is scarcely necessary," returned Jefferson ; " you can surely take my word for it ?" " That isn't our way of doing business -I don't know you." " If my dog Schneider was here, he would know me !" exclaimed the actor. The accent and way in which these words were said rendered mistake impossible. The teller had seen Rip van Winkle, and he cashed the cheque forthwith. During the American war, a Masonic lodge at Fredericksburg, Va., was sacked, and among the articles carried off was the silver level of a senior warden, which was undoubtedly used by Washington, who was a member of the lodge. This interesting weapon was deposited among the archives of the Integrity Lodge of Philadelphia by Captain Warren J. Young, a former member, together with a memorandum stating that it was to be returned to the Fredericksburg lodge " after the state of Virginia, as a whole, ceased to be in rebellion against the Government of the United States " The relic was over- looked until recently, when a newly elected secretary discovered it, and, after a fraternal correspondence with his southern brethren returned it to them. As a proof of the accuracy of the asser- tion of the Royal Commission that marriage with a deceased wife's sister is not dependent on legislation, Mr. Paynter Allen, secretary of the Marriage Law Re- form Association, has stated that in two days he received nine new applications for information as to the boat means of contracting such a marriage in England or on the Continent. A working man, writing from Scotland, says that he has waited for a change in the law for four years, and will now go to Switzerland. Another correspondent says that if the bill were delayed till 1885 there would be so many of these marriages in Ireland alone as will compel the Legislature- to'pass it. A third says that his family has belonged to the Church for 200 years, but since the recent vote of the bishops it has joined the Nonconformists ; and a fourth says that he intends to sell his business and go to Australia. This is the third case which came to Mr. Allen's knowledge in one week of persons intending to quit England permanently in consequence of the rejection of the Marriage Bill. About the most sensible marriage ceremony we have heard of was that of an American merchant, who walked with his wife, in every day garb, into the clergyman's parlour, and said " We desire to be married. Here is the license, strictly according to law. She is 2?, and I am 32 and we are not only willing but anxious to join. We are both of sound mind, in fair bodily health, and know exactly what we are about. Please do it at once, in the briefest church form. Omit all the customary wears some advice. You have never seen either of us before, don't know our circumstances, and your advice wouldn't be likely to suit. Don't say anything about the hereafter ; because we know just as much about it as you do. Omit any long stereotyped prayer and particularly, omit kissing the bride, for I only regard you as an ordinary man and not at all divine, either in what you say or what you do. If you can, summon two intelligent adult witnesses. Now begin." He married them. A writer in a London paper says : Some outcry is being raised in Paris at the extent to which beer is now prescribed in the hospitals. With us the tendency is all the other way, and I notice from a recent return that a new departure in teetotal directions has lately, been taken in many of the pauper lunatic asylums, jin'the'Devon Asylum at Exeter, for instance, "tUo expenditure on beer Had hitherto been at the very respectable rate of £1,411 per annum ; but, from the beginning of the present year, book has been discontinued altogether, the patients receiving a more liberal diet, and the attendants a money compensation instead. Derby is another place where "oatmeal drink, tea, and coffee," are preferred. In most of the asylums, I however, a compromise is adopted, and a moderate allowance of beer is given to the working patients only. A comparative trial of fire-extinguish ingapparalushasbeen made at Portsmouth' Dockyard under the superintendence of the Chief Constructor. The machines submitted to test were Dick's Extincteur, which is a service store, Vinning's " Anchor " portable fire-engine, and Spong's Royal pneumatic engine. The two last-mentioned are air-compressing engines, and the purpose of the trial was to determine practically whether the carbonic acid which is the expelling force used in the former possesses any appro- | ciable superiority in extinguishing fire over pure water. The general result showed that chemicals afforded no advantage over pure water. The two air compressing engines are' to be sent to the. Excellent for further experiment, and more especially with the ob- j dot of testing for leakage and endurance, An amusing incident occurred recently at a wedding at a village church near Stafford, The officiating clergyman was about to perform the ceremony when, chancing to glance upwards, he observed in the gallery several wearing billycock shaped hats. Addressing them, he said, " Gentlemen, remove your hats.'' There was no response. The request was repeated, and again not being complied with the clergyman in a great heat directed the clerk of the church to go and ascertain the names of the offenders Before he could do so a lady in the congregation rose, and, amidst laughter, informed the minister that the persons alluded to were ladies wearing gentlemen's hats. The ceremony was then proceeded with. The champion swindler of modern times has at length been brought to justice in France. M. Marie Cliquot has been arrested and held to answer no less than 38 charges of forgery. For the past 10 years this extraordinary being has lived in the height of luxury on the product of a series of nefarious swindles. His way of doing; business was simple enough by plausibility and impudence be initiated himself into the confidence of the simple-, minded people among whom he dwelt, and what could be wiser than to trust the moneyed grandee with the savings of a lifetime in order to obtain better interest than the ordinary channels offered. The frugal and those with a bit to spare ran after him, and, strange to say, he had always something ready in the shape of a mortgage on some neighbouring property exactly suitable to the call. The deeds and all the accessory documents were perfectly en temple, and it was not surprising, considering they were all forged, to suit the necessities of the demand. The dividends, moreover, were punctually paid, because fresh victims were brought into the fold from day to day, from whose offerings the necessary funds were forthcoming. Unhappily for the continued success of this innocent and philanthropic enterprise, a gentleman happened to hear of a mortgage having been executed on his estate As he had, not benefited thereby and was not at the moment in need of ready money, there was nothing more natural than that he should institute inquiries into the matter, with the result that the whole swindle was exposed. from New York comes a story which might well serve as the material for a melodrama, or at least for a, «gnnatitmsA "scene in one It is as follows As the steamer Egypt made her slow and stately way into the harbour the other day, a tall and well-read gentleman stepped on her deck for the puffing-tug which had gone down the bay to meet here Scarcely had his polished boots come in contact with the deck when the assembled passengers were startled by a piercing shriek, and a lady fell heavily forward. It was the work of but an instant to lift her. Was she dead ? No ; it was merely a swoon. Wherefore this sudden collapse ? Her nostrils having been duly tickled with a feather, the lady recovered and embraced the mysterious visitor. And then the quick display of strong emotion was explained. The vi tor was her husband. He had travelled with her from Liverpool, but when the vessel touched at Queenstown, he went ashore to make some purchases, and was left behind. While de- bating what he should do, the smoke signals of the City of Rome darkened the horizon by Spike Island. She, too, was going to America, and he took passage by her. The favouring billows bore her to her destination a few hours before the arrival of the Egypt," and he quietly left to meet his wife. The lady, fancying him thousands of miles away, took him for the ghost of her lord and master, and did what ladies always do in moments of crisis fainted. . ' There seems to be a general opinion that the Duke of Wellington's statue, recently removed from the Marble Arch, in London, should not be replaced, and that it should be broken up in order to give material for the construction of a more suitable and less grotesque memorial of the hero of Waterloo. The committee appointed to inquire into the case have given their recommendation to this effect, and the Government are now considering whether it shall be followed out Hideous as the present value is, it must not be forgotten that it received the approval of the Duke himself, who admired equally i he cocked hat, the military Stock, and the effigy of Copenhagen, the horse which he rode at Waterloo, and which is now buried in Strathfieldsaye Park. On the whole, it is, perhaps, unlikely that its destruction will be sanctioned just yet by the Legislature. The London correspondent of a Manchester paper states that Colonel Fosby created a sensation at a lecture he gave the other evening to' an assembly of officers, small-arm inventors, and other experts, at the Royal United Service Institution, by suddenly drawing i from its place of hiding, under the table, a wonderful new gun which he had just brought from Liege. He called it a " baby electric gun." It looked like a pretty, carbine, but it, had no mechanism, and could not possibly go off until connected up to the source of electric force. That done, it could be fired with amazing rapidity, 104 rounds having a few days before been fired from it by its inventor, M. Pieper, of Liege, in two minutes. Colonel Fosbory fired two rounds with infinitesimal powder charges. He had prepared himself by secreting under his vest a small circuit of wire, and putting on a band role, supporting what looked like a 2oz. phial, but was in fact an electric accumulator, with sufficient stored up energy tod¡Bchargo2 000rounds The cartridges were very innocent-looking mites, and contained no detonating sub- stances nothing, in fact, but simple. powder and a wad. The opinion was expressed by various speakers that the electric gun must once more revolutionise the manufacture of small-arms within a brief period. Astronomers are comparing notes about the great comet of 1882. At the Cape of Good Hope Observatory they noticed that it passed over the sun's disc without a trace being visible, the inference being, of course, that there was little opaque matter in it. Had it not been for its great velocity it would have been drawn into our luminary., But it did not approach so close to the sun with impunity, for its nucleus; was subsequently noticed to be coqaiderablyiMtaf ed, and to have a rather disorganised appearance. It is surmised that this was a second return of a great comet which appeared 371 years before Christ. There is in Paris a female rag picker, said to have been one of the fashionable beauties who astonished the citizens with their splendour and magnificence when Charles X. sat on the throne of the Bour- bons. She tells those who listen to her how she lived, and age and misfortune have by her been attributed to the Revolution of July. When the battle was raging in the streets of Paris a dozen years ago she was busy among the combatants. She had no flag ; no preferences and the blouse of the Communist, the red uniform of the, soldier, and the gold lace and epaulettes of the officer were torn by her long lean claws from" the dying. Her wicker basket was brought home again and again filled with spoil with blood-stained shreds of clothing and with spent bullets, A new system of highway robbery, by men dressed in women's clothes, has been brought to light in Liverpool. The other day Thomas Cole, formerly a ship's steward, was found guilty before the Recorder, of stealing a gold watch from a wine merchant in that town. Cole was attired a»--»-f»8hion»bl8'yriHr)"g'woman', the make-up being most perfect. The prisoner's box was only discovered in gaol while he was on remand. Sentence was deferred. ,, Another attempt is to be made to swim the ' Niagara Rapids by a man named Beard, who was present at the attempt made by the late Captain Webb. Bobril, who is a professional swimmer, and known in the swimming world as "Marquis' Bebril," proposes having a dummy figure constructed about his own weight and his, Size, and to cast the dummy into the Rapids before L making the attempt. By this means he hopes to ascertain the strength and tendency of the whirlpool. Bobril has arrived in England, where the dummy is to be made and pending the completion, he will practice daily in the Thames and the sea, swimming against the Strongest tides. ' ' A scientific commission on board the United States ship Washington is to examine the basin of the Mediterranean, ascertaining the depth, temperature, den 'silver and chemical composition of the water, the geological nature of the bottom, the velocity, and direction of the marine currents, and their action on the coasts and also to study the deep-sea plants and animals. A large number of persons who emigrated from London to America have returned home bitterly disappointed with the results of their endeavours to improve their condition on the other side of the Atlantic. A most extraordinary subject has been brought before the Vienna Curio in the person of a little girl only 18 months old. The girl had shown for several (lays an utter aversion to food, and her mother finally took her to the general clinic for examination. The professors, perceiving that it was no common disorder, and ascertaining from the mother that the child one night had awakened suddenly with a loud scream from sleep, and continued in great pain for 14 hours, thereafter, determined to employ the gástroscupo and explore her stomach with the aid of electricity. Not to enter into rather unpleasant details, they soon found the cause of disturbance, and extracted a" mouse, minus the tail, which was subsequently removed, The only possible conclusion is that the mouse ran into the open mouth of the sleeping child and down her gullet. 