Cljt a&berti; $et\ Saturday, June 2, 1883. “A BOILER explosion.” Such was the sensational topic of discussion during the past few days. The good people of Ballarat and their local newspapers have been greatly disturbed in mind. Stranger still, other leading journals have taken up the cry with an avidity which must have caused a smile to flit across the face of the unemployed penny a-liners. When a motherly and well-conducted hen scratches up a nice tit-bit she generally, by dint of making a fuss, contrives to gather her brood to the feast. It is perfectly true that one of the cruelly over- worked locomotives running between Geelong and Ballarat did give up the mechanical ghost. Having the American alternative, it could not go, so it burst like any other well regulated machine. The portions of the engine did not fly all over the place it is true, there was a weak spot in the boiler and this generously gave way, and by< so doing disgrace has been sought to be heaped upon the railway workshops employes at Williams town who had to repair this engine during 1880. The locomotive which has been the innocent cause of all this trouble, is known as No. 72 one of a class made by Hawthorn and Co., the celebrated English builders, and it was impor ted about twenty years ago. Since ^ j)artly:L new 'boiTer"‘ arid"“' g'enefal repairs. It now lies at the loco, works and a close inspection of the fractured plate in the outer casing of the fire box, proves that an in ternal groove has been formed at about the water line. The cause of this might employ the best ability of mechanical engineers to discover. One thing is certain, bad water is the great enemy of Victorian rail way locomotives, and there are a goodly number of boilers of Ballarat construction, which have been con demned from this cause before they have lived to half the age of the unfortunate one that burst. It would be foolish to urge the argu ment that there is no blame attaching to anyone for this mishap. We would willingly aid our con temporaries in their endeavours to sheet it home to the right cause. The line of reasoning adopted by them however, is not such demands respect. The principal loco, works of the Victorian railways are situated at Williamstown and ill-natured people are to be found who consider that they ought to occupy a less convenient site. If good reasons can be adduced why ’ they should be removed or done away with, we anticipate that suc cess would crown the efforts of those who argue from that stand point. As it is they remain and the artisans engaged should be accorded fair play. To cry aloud for a board of inquiry upon every trivial subject is not generous. While Ballarat manufactures loco motives, Williamstown is content to repair them. The crumbs that fall from our masters’ table are gratefully received, and it is as well to act fairly to each other. The' cause of this late explosion does not lie altogether in the direc tion of bad workmanship. It is to be found in overloading the loco motives. We scarcely think that the loco, superintendent does his duty to the drivers, when he neg lects to avail himself of the present opportunity to clear matters up between the traffic and the loco, branches. Surely he is not ignorant of the antagonistic system which is carried on by these branches of the service. If so let him at once take his subordinates into a quiet spot and encourage them to unburden themselves. We now have the public announcement that boilers are overpressed, but the reason appears to be unsatisfactory. Is it wilful on the engine drivers’ part, or could they drag the loads with out indulging in such criminal acts as plugging valves. Those who have travelled upon the Victorian railways in trains ascending the steep gradients have remarked that the locomotives have been strained to the utmost to maintain a decent walking pace. Others who have journeyed upon the iootplate, know that every energy is required upon the part of a fireman to put fuel in the furnace as quickly as the engine consumes it. Tlie driver with abxious eye, watches the gradually decreasing speed of the snorting machine and debates the question of " to be, or not to be.” Steam is rapidly falling in the register, and the top of the bank not reached. What the public require to know is are the engines overloaded, and if so does the locomotive superin tendent object as he should do. If one driver can take a full load up a certain line, another will strive to do the same. A pound of steam pressure is a consideration and must not be wasted, and valves are con sequently held down. The only wonder is that more boilers have not burst, and the immunity is due to the excellent work done by the officials and artisans in the abused loco, shops at Williamstown. The loyal portion of the Victorian community will, we feel assured, regret to learn that the Redmond mission to Australia lias been a success from more than one aspect. Mr J. E. Radmond, M.P., in* commencing what he terms his “ Victorian campaign ” at St. Patrick’s Hall, Melbourne, on Tuesday night last, thus expressed himself:— “ I am bound by every feeling of gratitude to acknowledge that that success had been doubly augmented by the opposition -1-_ nddress.” (The address referred to is that presented to him by the Australian Central Committee of the Irish National Land League.) “ My suc cess,” he continues, “has been twofold. First, financially, for in three months’ work I have obtained for the National League over £6000. But what is perhaps of far greater consequence, it has been a moral success. I find wherever I have had the opportunity of explaining the aims and objects of myself, rny colleagues and their organi sation, that I have been able to con vince very many men who differed from me in creed and in nationality of the justice of their (the Land League’s) claims, and I can safely say that so f.ir as I have yet gone through Australia my work has been both a financial and j moral success.” "We would ask Mr Redmond how many disinterested men really believe this balderdash 1 Surely the people of this colony — more especially the native population of it— are not so gullible as to swallow such “ moral ” assertions without due rumi nation. The cool assumption with which Mr Redmond boasts of robbing a young country of a considerable margin of its vital monetary fluid is inimitable. Does he think that Aus tralians havo forgotten that £150,000 —a large portion of which was raised in the colonies with the benevolent-ir.tent of saving thousands of miserable wretches from starvation—has been unaccounted for. Where is it 1 To say that the notorious Egan has levanted with it, or the greater portion of it, is not a sufficient reply to a very pertinent question. We do not say that Mr Redmond is in any way responsible for its mysterious disappearance. In point of fact, with all due deference to excellent motives, we cm thoroughly understand it possible that that gen tleman has canvassed New South Wales and Queensland, and will, no doubt, Victoria, in an innate fanatical terested observer cannot see in him anything but an emissary of the Irish Land League. What a world of hidden meaning lies beneath these three words. Though he may hold forth the objects of that cabal in the most glowing colors, lovers of peace and order cannot dissociate the name from knives and dynamite. In the minds of the cosmopolitan Australian there remains a lurking suspicion that a mysterious link connects this trio in the capacities of agents and factors. “ He had been able to convince very many men.of the justness of their claims.” Wh»re the justness comes in as applied to taking £6000 of Australia!} money out of the country we fail to see. What claim has he or the Irish people on Victoria 1 None. Why should black-mail be attempted to be levied on us, in order to keep loafing agitators in sybaritic idleness 1 We do not apply the opprobrious term to Mr Redmond, as he may be travelling for aught we know purely in a labor of love and patriotism without fee or reward, and paying his own way. But we do know from the most disinterested of sources ihat there are many to whom the term is applicable, and who exist on the credulity of the lower classes in Ire and. Then turning to the “ moral mccess ” of the mission. On referring ;o the dictionary we discover that the exicographical meaning given to 1 morally ” is “ according to the rules >f morality.” Where these rules tpply to a mission that has for its set ibject the ultimate dismemberment of ihe British Empire is hard to discover. Phis is putting it in its mildest and troadest possible form, and ignoring issassination and its concomitants alto ;ether. Were the “ moral success ” ' neant to denote “ a practical lesson i vhich anything is designed or fitted to i each ” then the signification might be < raceable to what the synonym could 1 onvey. Eor a practical lesson it un- i loubtedly teaches. That lesson is, if a - ew people would but discard their old 1 rorld prejudices and “let well alone” i y consigning to oblivion what they ■ eek to pose to the sympathetic as their - wn personal troubles, the country i rould be £6000 richer, to say nothing < f stirring in the breasts of Australian- . rishmen that feeling which engenders 1 bitter enmity in the ignorant towards 1 heir fellow colonists. The sooner 1 lessrs Redmond are non est as far as i Lustralia is concerned the better, for ] ro believe that there are but few ■ eople in this enlightened land who do ] ot hold the opinion that if not directly 1 ssociated with the late sink of iniquity , hey are indirectly participes criminis. The only cases occupying the attention of : le Williamstown Bench yesterday were ] ime concerning wandering cattle, in which 1 le defendants were fined in the usual 1 nounts. j If it be true as stated that ten old hands } ■c to be discharged from the Cerberus, f bile new ones are to bo kept on, then our a cal men-of-warsmen have a most excellent I ievance, and when as alleged three of those f tained are foreigners, that grievance is all v e more intensified. t The criticism on the performance of the n ’illiamstown Amateur Dramatic Club at t belong is unavoidably held over till onr I ednesday’s issue. p Wcibcrg, the Avoca gold robber, was dis charged from Pentridge on Wednesday lasb. It will be remembered the amount was some £5000. A prominent pawnbroker in this town received £10 of the reward money, the information given by him having had no small weight in effecting Wciberg’s capture. As the lion, secretary of the Footscray Cricket Club forgot to honor us witli the usual right of entree to the Royal Hall on Tuesday night last, on the occasion of the annual concert, we are unable to give any details of the proceedings. We have been informed that the hall was well filled, and that the rosult of the entertainment finan cially, was a success. The programme con cluded with the farce of “ Ici on parle Francais,” by three lady and throe gentle men members of the Williamstown Amateur Dramatic Club. As an illustration of the ignorance of Biblical subjects prevalent among children in the colony, the Gordon correspondent of the Argus writes:—“The head teacher of the local school informs me that, when recently giving a lesson on geography to his fourth class on the mountains of Asia, not Tl single child had ever heard anything in connection with Mount Sinai or Mount Ararat, and only two children out of a class of 30 had ovor heard of Noah. These two were Roman Catholics. The teacher being astonished asked the same questions in the fifth, sixth, and upper sixth classes, and found the same Biblical ignorance prevailing there amongst 46 children, whose ages 12 to 19 voars. two only being able to auswer the questions -j, both of whom were Sunday school teachers., Only one pupil in the whole school, a Sunday school teacher recently arrived from Mel bourne, knew the meaning of the word Decalogue.” It would appear that the proportion of each local Board of Health towards the erection of the Contagious Diseases Hospital near Williamstown is not to be paid with out comment, at least from the Fitzroy Council. Councillor Phipps, of that body, has intimated that he should take further action in the matter when his Council was called upon to pay. The revised Bible does not seem to meet the tastes of the Americans. “Scholars,” says the informant of a New York paper, the Evening Post, “ seem to liko the book, but the general public absolutely ignore it. The question of apportioning the money to bo paid by each of the seventeen local bodies towards the erection and maintenance of the sanatorium at Williamstown has been referred to Mr Fitzgibbon, Town Clerk of Melbourne. The proportion will not be based on the amount of rates received by the interested Councils, but on the popula On Wednesday last a meeting of the Shops Commission, represented by the Hon. John Woods, and Messrs W. Collard Smith and W. Hall, Ms.L.A., took place at the New Treasury Hotel, Spring {street. Mr Woods submitted a project he termed a Board of Conciliation. The suggestion did not : altogether meet the views of the Commis sion in its then state, and the projector was asked to make it more elaborate and then submit it. The business of the Footscray Court was again delayed on Thursday till fully half past ten, owing to the absence of a Bench of magistrates. Mr Hugh Morris was the only justice in attendance until His Worship the Mayor was sent for aud attended, when the business proceeded. The last-named gentleman is most assiduous in his judicial duties, and of this advantage s_eems_to.be.. At a conference of working men opposed to the opening of the National Gallery, Public Library, and Museum on Sunday, held in the rooms of the Young Men’s Christian Association on Monday evening last, Mr Falkingham, of Footscray, seconded the following resolution :—“ That this meeting therefore resolves itsolr into a Working Men’s Sabbath Defence Associa tion, and now appoints a sub-committee to frame constitution and rules and to report to the whole committee.” The School of Arts in the Central State school, Williamstown, was, as usual, held on Wednesday evening, when, at the close of the lesson, the energetic secretary, Mr Jobson, congratulated the scholars on the marked improvement in their studies, and, on behalf of the committee, expressed his pleasure at the regular attendance at class up to the present. This should be very gratifying to both parents and pupils, and it is scarcely necessary for us to add that regular attendance ensures a regular pay ment of the Government bounty, and leaves a neat balance in hand at the end of the year for prizes. The best thanks of tho parents are duo to the committeo and their honorary secretary. Under the title of “A Curate’s Adventure,” The Times publishes the following amusing story :—“ A correspondent informs us of a romantic incident which has recently occurred in a prosperous London suburb. A devoted young High Church curate of interesting appearance and great popularity in his district was waited upon by a young lady of considerable attractions, but with an air of deep melancholy, and clad in a some what ascetic garb. After some confusion ind the shedding of a tear slio revealed to !iim that sho had ventured to visit him on a natter deeply affecting her happiness, she ’eared her life. The curate naturally asked -vhat it might be, but after several attempts -o speak, checked by sobs, she informed him hat the matter was one of such deep mportance that she could not impart it eccept at her own abode, where she adjured dm as her spiritual friend, by all he held acred, to visit her. After some little con ■ersation tho reverend gentleman promised o do so, and the next day he called at the .ddress given him. Then the young lady, vith a look of still deeper dejection and a •oice indicative of remorse and shame, evealed to him the fatal secret. She had onccived a deep, a passionate love for the urato himself. She knew, she said, that icr passion was hopeless; he in his devotion o the church, for which she loved him all : he more, had vowed himself to a life of i elibacy, and she would resignedly carry ler attachment to the grave, which she felt vas not far off. But there was one kind iess which it was in his power to grant her, , he remembrance of which would bring • onsolation to her dark and weary path. Vould he, before they parted for ever, give i icr one kiss? After some timidity and 1 gitation, tho young curate, touched with i iity, complied. The lady shed another i ear, bade him adieu in a hollow voice, and i e departed. A few days after he received i neat little parcel gracefully tied with a ; ieco of blue ribbon, and on opening it i Juud au instantaneous photograph (cabinet i ize) of himself kissing the young lady. 1 .ccompanying this was a cummunication i •om the fair creature herself, that there c ■ere 11 more copies, and that he might have l le whole dozen at £20 apiece. Should ho t ot bo in want of them, it was her Intention \ > dispose of them in another quarter, c egotiations on the subject are said to be i roceeding.” c It is said that the new launch deSgncd to ict as a guard-boat for II.M.S. Cerhnus can - urn completely in a space of 5S fest. Mr iVhite, of;'Cowes, her'buildei-, has introduced l special framework in which to juice the icrow, the rudder being astern of it. In- i treased manomvring power is clamed for the innovation. i Sergeant Ellis, of Hotham, wlnse name cceutly figured in the trial of Wiliam John IValkinshaw, water-police eonstible, for lerjury, has been promoted to i a Sub [nspcctorship. The new motor carriage rccentlvimported :or use on the Victorian railways was sept )ut on a trial trip yesterday, ant worked From last night’s Herald we learn that the dissatisfied seamen of the Cerberus, who recently submitted their grievances in writing to the Treasurer, have' been re ferred to Captain Mandeville. The Kennedy family will again delight rown Hall audiences on Monday, Wednes day, and Saturday next, the 4th, 6th, and 9th instant, with “ Anithcr nicht wi’ Burns,” A nicht wi’ the Jacobites,” and an entire change of programme on Saturday. Ho doubt numbers of our local Scotch residents will be glad to avail them, selves of this last opportunity to get a decided treat. -j On Tuesday night last an invigorated elderly female, who distributed, when in close quarters, the aroma of bad beer, entered the Advertiser office, witli the set purpose of offering advice as to extending — . -...—.on oi tno papur. Ono of tho j scribes, however, had previously been honored with an interview, that culminated in hia being lightened of sixpenco, which, no doubt, found its way to tho till of some publican. Finding a gentle hint of no avail, the services of a man in blue were sugges ted as an introduction. This had the desired effect, for tho dame left, irascibly inveigh ing against tho obtuseness of the pen and ink fraternity. She had gone but a few paces when a Philistine dropped across her and persuaded her to accept his escort for a short distance. Before the Bench the follow ing morning she still held her right to exorcise tho local press. She swelled the police fines by half-a-crown. The import trade of the river Yarra con sists :—1. Of general cargoes discharged direct from vessels. 2. Of cargoes dis charged by lighters from ships in Bay. 3 Of cargoes of sugar, tea, Eastern produce, inter colonial produce and coal direct from the vessel. 4. Timber, either direct from the vessels, by lighter or by rafts. 5. Every import which is not landed at the Sandridgc or Williamstown piers has to bo landed at the Melbourne wharves. The Public Works Department are taking from the Trust, at the silt-landing depot on the south side, an average of 1000 cubic yards of silt por day ; the understanding with tho department • was that 2000 yards should be supplied, and which quantity the Trust could readily deliver. In view of an application from the Footscray Borough Council, supported by a deputation, for the filling up of low-lying laud in the locality, the Trust’s committee recommend that an additional silt-landing depot be established at Junction Point, conditionally upon the Public Works Department agreeing to take from the Trust at tho new. depot 1000 yards per day, the material to be utilised in the filling up of low-lying lands at Footscray. A case of drunken depravity on the part of a man and his wife named McKean, oc cupied the attention of the Footscray Bench on Thursday last. Defendants, who are \-- -using-- ouscene language.' Constable Bushford stated that tho oaths the female gave vent to towards her husbaud were among the worst he had ever heard. The explanation * in extenuation of the male defendant, a respectable looking working man, was “ a little drop too much.” The wife put it “she’d got in a temper and went to fetch her husband home.” (The Mayor : How many children have you ? Mrs McKeau: Four, the eldest two and a half years old. The Mayor: We are determined to put down this kind of thing, you are fined 20s with half-a-crown costs, or seven days. Mrs McKean : Give us a week to pay it in your worships. No good putting us in prison). McKean was fined 7s Gd with 2s Gd costs. Sergeant Corbett kindly paid the fine for the latter, so that both should not have to go to gaol. Tho Charters Towers correspondent of the Brisbane Courier gives some particulars of a remarkable case of suspected murder, in con nexion with the death of one Robert Brown Nesbit. The body was found with the wound of a revolver bullet in it, and three men were arrested—John George Middleton, William Simpson, and Pratt. They were brought up on the 23rd, and remanded until Monday, the 30th ult. The court was densely crowded, every available space being taken advantage of during the four days which were occupied in the hearing. On the Wednesday the pri soner Pratt, who had been discharged that morning, made a most important statement, disclosing a plot concocted the previous night by Middleton, who was confined in the cell adjoining, that in which Pratt was, for the purpose of fastening on Simpson the crime of having shot Nesbit. In order to arrange an interview with Pratt, Middleton wrote a few words on a slip of paper, which he secreted in the water closet, and directed Pratt where to find it. This scrap of paper was found by Pratt a few minutes after, and landed to the lock-up keeper, who then ar ranged to lie concealed with Pratt in tho cell n order to hear the expected conversation. Cowards 12 o’clock at night Pratt spoke to Middleton, and said he thought all was quiet low, and asked tho latter what he had to say, Middleton deferred speaking on the. matter, is he thought it was rather too early. In a ihort time again, he, however, spoke, and a ongconversation ensued, in which Middleton professed to relate the circumstances of the nurder, which he said was done accidentally iy Simpson. These circumstances he wanted ?ratt (who appears now to bo entirely in locent) to verify in order to corroborate his itatement. The circumstances, as related by Middleton, were that the deceased prevailed >n him and Simpson to go with deceased to he house of a shipmate named Jackson, vhere deceased boarded, and to fire a evolver off in tho garden in order to frighten rackson. This they agreed to do, Middleton eking tho revolver. After going a short dis ance away from the house of the latter, de based sat down on the spot where he was ound next morning. The other two knelt dongsido of him. Simpson took the revolver iut of Middleton’s belt, and in ’examining it t went off accidentally, the bullet entering lear the right temple of deceased, who in tautly dropped dead. Middleton also stated vhen asked by Pratt what became of the aonoy which was in deceased’s pocket at the i me, that he took two notes, and Simpson ciok the silver. The lock-up keeper was con ealed in Pratt’s cell on that night, having eien told by linn that Middleton had some li ing to say, and the same story was after ra.rds told by Middleton in a statement taken own in writing. Pratt was discharged, and o bill was filed against Simpson; bnt Mid leton has been placed on his trial. Ten electors-' rights for the Legislative Assembly were issued by the Footscray cgistrnr last night. On Thursday next, 7tli instant, Mr J. i'rcdman, choir-master of the Bourke Street Synagogue, will commence his tonic sol-fa linging class at the Mechanics’ Institute, Williams town. The thanks of tho magistrates, officials uul press will be accorded to the Footscray Council, when the suggested baize door to be erected in tho hall leading from the muni cipal offices to the court-house, is an accom plished fact. The cold draughts that whistled through the side-door of the police court on Thursday morning last, sent a frigid thrill through the assembled not at all pleasant. The new teetotal refreshment rooms at the Pier station were opened yesterday for the first time. r oPi yoi A1 sin thi tin W he loi H Two ladies named Bullock and Stuckey us had a difference about slip-pauels, which Cl culminated in a police-court case at Foots- al oray on Thursday. It appears that both a parties own cows, and on Wednesday Mrs di Bullock went to take down the panels to let C out a cow, when Mrs Stuckey rushedtowards her and pushed her three or four times besides shaking her fist in her (Mrs Bullock’s) T face. As there seemed to be a tpiestion that some mistake had occurred as to the right of the plaintiff' to open the panels, tho case was dismissed. n The dredging at tho Williamstown pier is a not yet completed, as at a distance of eight y feet from thv nior only a depth of tliirteen t feet exists. Alias grab crane has been «cnt i to deepen the water close alongside as soon » as possible. j Mr White, who was granted permission n on the 10th August, 1SS1, to erect a stage f for the shipment of ballast and other stone (1 near the hulks, Williamstown, did not con- \ struct a jetty. A recent application to the l Harbor Trust to do so has been granted, i subject to certain necessary conditions. t Immediate legal proceedings will be taken by the Melbourne Harbor Trust against Messrs Bliss and Deller, to recover tho sum of £12, for the rent of an allotment at Wil liamstown. ' Complaints arc rife as to the discomfort arising from their being no central approach to the platform of the now Pier station. A , “ ramp ” is required directly fronting the pathway leading from Nelson place. The urinal at the now Pier station is being built in a rather super-public position, being immediately alongside the principal pro menade pathway to the railway pier. The “ T ” ends of the Breakwater are being rapidly altered. If the work now being carried on does not increase the berth age it will at least do away with the un sightly appearauce of the pier. On Thursday last, owing to the heavy weather in the bay, tho yaeht Psyche broke her moorings and drove towards Wright’s slip, where she foundered, probably owing to the rough bottom. The French mail steamer Sydney, of the Messageries Mari times, had to bring up at the outer anchor age on the afternoon of the same day, owing to the exceptional wind pressure having jammed her against the pier, and notwith standing the efforts of two tugs she damaged both herself and the piles, and the port fore channels coming into contact with a pile head the massive bars and a shoot werejtorn away one after tho other. The ship Oak worth, discharging cargo at tho Williams town railway pier, also broke adrift, but was secured before she got into shoal -A public meeting'ifTcafled at the Stony Creek hotel, Yarraville, on Tuesday evening next, for the purpose of making arrange ments to form a local fire brigade. Mr Cuming, a councillor for the district, will preside. It is likely the State school at Yarraville will shortly be closed on account of tho prevalence of scarlet fever in the district. Blight is again making its appearance among the pupils attending the schools at Footscray. A meeting of the Footscray School Board of Advice was held on tho 25th ult., when there was a full attendance of members. It u as decided that a number of parents should be summoned to the local court for non-com pliance with the Education Act. That a satis factory explanation from the head teacher of the upper State school in refusing to allow the “ National Anthem” to be sung by the pupils, had been received, and therefore the Board would not press the matter further. The night school being transferred from the upper district to tho Central school, having met with the approval of the Education De partment. The change will shortly take The following paragraph relating to an old resident of Williamstown, will be of interest to our readers :—Mrs Hourigan, stationmistress of Donnybrook, who is leaving the district, having been transferred to another station, was on Monday the recipient of a purse of sovereigns, presented by Cr Colclough. on behalf of the residents as a mark of the respect in which she had been held during her term of office there. Friends of the Williamstown Cricket Club are reminded that the annual ontertainment will take place at the Mechanics’ Institute on Wednesday and Thursday evenings next The Williamstown Dramatic Club will per form the ever popular play of “Our Boys,” on both occasions. Those who are interested in tho gift distribution, will do well to remember that all unsold tickets must be returned by 9 p.m. on Tuesday evening. Seats may be reserved, at the Mechanics’ Institute, on Monday and Tuesday evenings Mr John Morgan, autioneer, will dispose of seven allotments of the Oakbauk estate to-day, and on Tuesday Captrin Foster’s furniture. We beg to draw attention to Mr Mackay’s extensive sale of drapery at very cheap On Tuesday next Mr J. M. Barr will dis pose of a large quantity of second-hand furniture, etc., at Skolly’s rooms. To-day the second chapter of “ The Squatter’s Second Daughter,” by J. J. L., appears. ” Pocta nascitur, orator fit” means, literally trans lated, that tlie men who hive signalized their lives by certniu achievements, have been specially endowed and fitted by nature for that particular purpose. The minds of aU the centuries might have plodded fruit lesslv at certain enterprises, nnd the grand principles from* which the groat discoveries of the ages were developed might have unfolded themselves to many, and vet no inventions r» suited therefrom. It remained to the proprietor, and him alone, to have origin.ted Volga's Scux.vrrs. 1 i ( 3 1 i t 1 cl b d a S b, d ti b; g] oi fr ti REMEDY FREE!— A. victim of youthful impru dence causing Premature Decay, Nervous Debility Lost Manhood, »$:<;,> having tried m vain every known remedy, has discovered u simple self-cure, which ho trill send FREE to his felfow- sufierers.— Address J. H. REEVES, Esa.,-43 Chatham Srect, New York City, U. S. A. Hot. no way’s Pints.— Nervous Irritability. —No part ofthe humau machine requires more constant supervision than the nervous system—for upon it your health— even life — depends- These Pills strengthen the nerves, and are the safest general purifiers of tho blood. Nausea, headache, giddiness, numbness and inoutal ap.ohy yield lo them. They despatch in a summary manner thosu distressing dyspeptic svmptoms, stomachic painB, fulness at the pit of tho stomach, abdominal distension, and regulato alike capricious appetites and confined bowels-- tho com monly accompany in^ Bigns of defective or d ism in ished uerve tone. Holloway’s Pill-are particularly recom m“nded to person* otstu ious and sedentary habits who grp dually fall into a norvous and iiritablo siato nlesa some such rostorativo bo occasionally taken. df to tli fr. th be th ii 