Blackman's Cottage. ——°—— CONTINUED "I must go, dear. I will come back directly ; but I heard that back door open and close, and I have the key of it in my pocket." So saying, Kevin, quietly disengaging the clinging arms, ran down stairs, with little hope indeed of finding any solution to the mystery enveloping him more and more closely, but with a dogged determination to leave no means of it untried. The back door was shut ; and one glance assured Kevin, not only that the heavy bolt of the lock was secure, but that a wooden bar he had himself fitted across it was undis- turbed. Meantime the spectral feast had recom- menced in the parlour ; and John, standing in the little passage, utterly bewildered and disheartened, could distinguish the sounds of four voices, two male and two female, of the clinking of glass, the rattle of knives and forks, and all the other sounds of a merry festival. No words, however, were dis- tinguishable, though he crept close to the door, and laid his ear to the crack. Pre- sently he seized the latch, and threw the door violently back. The sounds ceased as if they had never been ; and the calm, cold moonlight and rigid order of the room seemed to mock his feverish gaze, and hot, panting heart. "Hold your devil's holiday, then !" cried he, exasperated beyond measure. "You shall not fool me again." A low, tittering laugh close to his ear seemed at once to answer and mock him ; but as he fiercely turned and threw out his arms they encountered only empty air. Shuddering in spite of himself, the young man turned and slowly mounted the stairs. The sound of low but passionate sobs, mingled with bitter moans and murmured words, greeted him from Maria's chamber ; but as he approached the bed, he perceived that his wife lay mute and motionless in a dead faint, while the sounds of lamentation, as distinct as ever proceeded from the other corner of the room. "Cry away ! No doubt you had cause enough, and have cause enough still !" muttered Kevin, turning his back upon the sound and stooping over his wife, who was just returning to consciousness. "Don't leave me again, John. I shall die if you leave me alone again !" moaned she, as soon as she could speak. "No, dear, I won't !" said John, folding her tenderly in his arms. By- and-by, the sounds ceased ; and at sunrise, John Kevin took his wife in his arms —for the poor woman was quite unable to stand—and carried her to the house of old Peter West. "Eh! so they have driven you out, neigh- bour !" said the old man, opening the door to them. "Something has driven us out, but what it may be, man, ghost, or devil, I do not know. May be you can tell me," said John, placing Maria upon a chair, and standing beside her. "Your wife is ill, isn't she? Frightened most to death, suppose. Here, Bessy, where be you, child? Come and see to Mrs. Kevin." Bessy, the granddaughter who lived with and cared for the old man, came at his sum- mons, and very kindly took charge of the poor young woman, who was already at- tempting to rally from the stupor into which terror had thrown her. As the women left the room, old Peter West turned to John. "Sit down and eat some breakfast, neigh- bour. We've just done, early though it be. Fall to, man." "Not a bit will I eat or a sup will I drink till I know all you can tell me of the work going on in that house these two nights," said John, sternly. "That you can tell me, I am sure ; and I do not think you will refuse." "Well, neighbour, I can tell you the story of the Blackman's Cottage," began the old man, deliberately ; "and after hearing it, may be you can imagine the rest for your- self. If not, l don't know as I can help you. Seventy years ago, when I was a lad of four- teen, Mathew Blackman built the house you have just bought, and brought his family to live there. There was a wife and two twin girls, twelve years old the day the roof was put on. Their names were Mary and Dorothy, or, as we all got to calling them, Molly and Dolly ; and two handsomer young women than they grew to be you won't find if you search the world through. They looked alike, as twins are apt to do ; but there was a difference. Any one that had over looked at Molly Blackman for ten minutes, and listened to the ring of her voice talking, laughing, or singing, never could take her for any one else, or any one else for her. Well, well ; them days are long past now ; and Nancy Snow made me a good wife and was a good mother to my children; but I never shall forget that girl, never till I forget to draw my breath." The old man leant his chin upon the head of his stick as he sat in his great arm-chair, and staring at vacancy, seemed to forget everything else in this one unforgetable memory. John Kevin waited for a moment, then asked respectfully, "What became of her, Mr. West ?" "Oh, yes! Excuse me, young man, I was thinking of—Well, I'll get on with the story. "Molly and Dolly were eighteen, and I was a young man of twenty, already looking forward to a home and a wife of my own, when the two girls went to spend the winter with an aunt in Port-mouth. I hated bad enough to have Molly go ; but nothing I could say would stop her ; and off she went, she and Dolly and for three months I heard but little of either. Well, in April the girls came back, but so changed, deary me, one hardly knew them ! Nothing was heard of now but dressing, and singing, and reading story-books, and decorating the house with posies and fol-lols. Mother Blackman said she couldn't get an hour's work out of either of them, and that they were spoiled out-and- out for any use ; but the old man only laughed, and seemed proud of his girls' fine airs and flighty ways. "At last it came out that the girls had got acquainted with two infantry officers while they were in Portsmouth, and had been writ- ing to them and getting letters from them ever since ; and finally, one night, when my mother was ill and my father went for the doctor in the middle of the night, he saw two gentlemen on horseback stop at Blackman's, and after a bit the two girls opened the door and let them in, while Blackman himself came out and saw to the horses. "When my father told me of this next morning it seemed to me as if I couldn't stand it any way ; and I went straight off to Molly to ask what it meant. But she wouldn't give me any satisfaction, and was so pert and saucy that I saw there was no use in talking to her ; so I went to Blackman. But he was as short and and huffy as his daughter, and told me bluntly that it was none of my business what company his daughter saw, or what prospects she had for the future. So I went home as I came, and stayed there, or if I went to the Blackman Cot- tage, the folks inside were none the wiser for it. But, partly through other people's eyes and partly by my own, I found out little by little that the visitors were a captain and a mojor in an infantry regiment, and that they came twice a-week to see the Blackman girls, riding fifteen miles each way between sunset and sunrise. Whether they had fooled the old man, as they had the girl, with promise of marriage, or whether they had bribed him with money, heaven only knows. I hope it was the first, and I think it was ; for the end would seem to show that he was as much taken by surprise as any one. However it was, he used to let the girls lay out a supper for their lovers of all the best that was to be got; and after he had seen to their horses he would go off to bed, and make his wife go too; and the girls and officers would sit up eating and drinking and carousing till just before day- break when the two fellows would ride away, and the girls would go to bed in the room over the parlour where they feasted, and sleep all day. "Mother Blackman felt as much annoyed about all this as any decent woman and good mother ought to feel ; but she was a little timid woman, ruled completely by Blackman and the two girls, and all she could do was to cry, which she did pretty much all the time, even whilst she was at her work. Well, things went on this way for awhile linger, until one fine morning—the sixteenth day of July it was, I well remember—the father and mother Blackman got up as usual, and found the table and all left standing as it always was, and the girls, as they supposed, gone to bed ; but towards the afternoon, not hearing any sound, Mother Blackman went up into their room, and saw in a minute that they were off, for the bed hadn't been slept in, and half their clothes were gone. She ran and called her husband ; and he soon spied a note pinned on the cushion before the glass, signed by both the girls, and saying that their sweetheart's regiment had got to sail at once for Malta, and that they were going off too. They expected to be married after they got to Malta, though it had to be kept private, they said, and they would write again when they got there. "Blackman didn't wait to say anything after reading that note, but rushed out, saddled his horse, and galloped down the Portsmouth road. When he got to the town he soon found the worst was true. The regi- ment had sailed that morning, and his girls had gone with it. The major was a married man, and the captain belonged to one of the highest families in England, and would no more marry Molly Blackman than he would bring her home the honest simple girl he found her. So the father, with no better comfort than this, turned his face home- wards, and arrived just at nightfall to find his wife dying. She had taken to her bed as soon as she heard the bad news ; and there she lay sobbing, and moaning, and muttering to herself, without seeming to hear or understand such comfort as the women who came to her tried to give ; and just at sunset she died. "When Blackman came into the house and saw and heard the end of his fine plans he was like a madman. In the first place, he went into the girls' chamber, and knocked and kicked about the furniture, tore at their clothes that were left behind into bits, broke the looking glass they had looked into, and the pictures of each other that they had hung up ; and when he could do no more, he fell on his knees and cursed his children and their lovers, and at last himself, with the most awful curses that any man could lay his tongue to. The women that were with his poor wife's dead body heard him, and said it was enough to make your blood run cold to listen to him. When he had done, he got up and stamped down the stairs, and through the passage out at the back door. The night passed, and he did not come back ; and in the morning, when the women went for water to the mill- stream, they found his dead body at the bottom with the white face and staring eyes turned up towards them. Since then the house has been let to a good many tenants, and some of the poor relations of the Black- mans have tried to live in it ; but no one ever stayed long, or was very comfortable while they did stay. So now, neighbour, may be you can guess what some of the noises meant that have disturbed you, and were so near frightening your wife into fits. Poor Molly ! I wish I knew what ever be- came of her." "You never heard, then ?" asked Kevin. "Not a word. From the day they sailed from Portsmouth with the men that ruined them, no one that I know of ever heard one word about them two girls. Poor Molly ! poor, poor Molly !" The next day, John Kevin, leaving his wife under charge of the Wests, went to London and sought an interview with Mr. Brewster. To him he told the whole story of his two days' occupancy of the Blackman Cottage, and its resist. Mr. Brewster looked him steadily in the face during the whole narrative, and at the end said, "Well, Mr. Kevin, I believe your story, and I consider you justified in wishing to withdraw from your bargain. Let me make a proposition to you, however. I will pull down this un- fortunate house, and build one similar upon another part of the farm. Will this arrange- ment suit you ?" It certainly will suit John Kevin remarkably well ; and he went home to his wife with a light heart. An arrangement was easily made by which the young couple remained under the roof of old Mr. West while their new house was in progress, and early in the autumn they moved into it. To their delight, it was as quiet as it was comfortable ; and with the demolition of the old cottage, the haunting of that particular spot seemed to crave altogether. A year or so afterwards, old Philip West died ; and his last muttered words were, "Poor Molly ! Poor, dear, pretty little Molly !" — Reynolds's Miscellany. 