j TRUE GHOST ST01UES. -— -t? — The two gliosfc stories told (snys the London correspondent of the Liverpool Mercury) by our most eminent anatomist are so romantic in their way as any told by the Psychological Society, When hardly more than a I:ul at Lancaster, the future defender of bivisection was studying for the medical profession, lie had a horror of the gha3t.lv details of the ' business, which ho imagined he could never overcome. He was cured, strange to say, by a fright. Having to take some medicine on a windy night to Lancaster Castle, lie had to pass through the room in which he had taken part in dissections. Just a« he entered the room with the basket of medicine under his arm, the clouds which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and looking up, the future biologist saw what he thought was an enormous figure in white, with are outstretched, looking - down upon him. He turned around trembling, and against the wall stood another figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran. The patients in Lancaster Castle got nc medicine that night. But when he returned next day and found that he had been frightened by mortuary sheets, he braced his nerves up- so that he was soon collecting skulls. He'madea fine-, set, but for a long time he could not got an" Ethiopian skull. At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the 3'oung doctor got permission to have his head., It was again a windy night when the operation of removing the head was determined upon. .But habited , in his long cloak, then the'fashion, and provided with a: blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had the head safely stowed'' ■xwiy. As he left the room in which the, coflin lay,- however, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw him upon his faco.' Attempting to recover ;Jiim-.' self, he lost his'hold of the bag, the head fell; out. rolled with increasingr velocity down n/ , flight of.Rtops,;across a courtyard, and settled, i itself'wpon the nock, with one oyo open • and tho other shuty in a room, where' t'.vo ■ women shrieked. I lie professor rushed wildly after it,- took no notice of the women, seized the skull, put it in.I113 big gin, and ran from :the Castle. Fou'ror tivu years afterwards he; was atteuding a dying ^woman, who called loudly for a: clergyman, to whom she had something to tell. The doctor bogged her to tell him, as no clergyman was near enough to be called in tune. At length sli» spoke. " Oh, sir, I had a husband, who was a negro, and, J. fear, a bad man.. ; He died, sir, in. Lancaster Castle ; and,'oh 1 sir, I .was standing one day intho rooms when my. husband's head came out of the floor, and .seemed to asked me to help him. And • then, sir, the devil came through the door, snatched up the head, put it in a bag. and disappeared before I could do auything. And I have never done anything. Oh, sir, what can* I do for my poor husband's soul ?" " 