KItAMA PUBLIC SCHOOL. '.lE concert in connection with the above instithtion, which was given in the Temper. once lHall on Tuesday evening last, was an meonse success. Tlhe i hall was decorated with flowers, wreaths, and ferns from the verdtant foliage of our picturesque district, and also by a unamber of magnificent Ilowers in pots from Mr. lullen's gardenou arranged along the front of tihe stage and in oDher parts of the hall an; d ailtgether the display of grandeur and artistic sklill which wase presented on entering thie build. ing simply bafiled description. And this, so must not omit to say, was due to the efforts and kind assistance of Mr. and Mrs. Bulleu, Mr. and Mirs. Tyter, Mrs. T. Black, and many other ladies and gentlemen, with the help of a number of pupils. And, further than this, to render onclhantment to the scene, carpets, druggets, custains, etc., lent by the various storekeepers, had been arranged on and about the stage. As is known, the object of thIe concers was to inaugurate a prize fund for the pupils at tending thie school;and that this fully enlisted the sympathy and practicalsupport of every parent and friend of the children is clearly demonstrated by the fact that a larger number of people were present than over the Kiamna Temperance Hall was kno?wn to hold before. Accommodation sas out of the question. Long before the doors were opened there was not moving roeom in the crowd which awaited outside; and wheys thie doors were thrown open men. women and children were crushed and hurled in promiscuously without ceremony, and in no lengthy space of timee, as hlinted above, the hall was literally crammed, every available inch of space being oc cupied, and a large number com ielled to stand boxed up together on hle landing and dooratep. In round nem bers, we are infprmed, there were 550 people present, and upwards of £32 was collected by the sale of tickiets. In point of merit the concert mnust also be said to have been a success. The pupils, to the number of about seventy, were seated on the platform on seats arranged after the fashion of a gallery, anrd of course con tributed principally, from a musical point of view,totheentertainment. Miss Kimber, who presided at the piano, opened with an instrumnentalsolo, withthatdolicacyof touch and skill for which sire is noted; and then followed a part song by the pupils, " Hark the hlollow woods," under the conductorship of their teacher, Mr. A. Smith, In the singing of this the different parts could be distinctly hleard, and the whole was ren dered in a manner at once pleasing and creditable, The pupils, either in whole or part, sang" The burlesque band "--a most nmusing thing---" Nellie lost and found," " Song of the Gipsies," Children's voices," and " Over the snow," all of which were received with much appreciatioo. In addi tion to the disphty of vocal culture, the audience were afforded an evidence of the fact that the pianoforte is not left out of the accomplishments of our young ladies, as was demonstrated by the efficiency with which piano duets were rendered by Miss I)icltson and a pupil (Miss Fanny Connell, Mlisses IKate Clarke and Kate Atleinson, and Misses Amny Chin and Kate Healey, Beyond thie performances of the children MIeasre. A. smitlh, F. Prott, 3. Prott, C, Irish, J., Wood, W. Finlaynso, W. Dwyer, asd E. IvDwyer on two oecasions contributed creditably two glees-" The three clhanfors,' and the " To roses." Misses M. MIatthews seed Mi. E. Jones also sarng, the former a ptatheotio song, "I Mercy," and the latter "You and I." Joncerning the last named lady we were pleased to notice that sihes la profited Doemewhat by thie advice given in our report of a previous concert, and has mnuch improved in style. 1Miss Prott'n name also appeared on the programme, but she was unable, through indisposition, to appear, and an apology was made for her. M[r. Smeith concluded the first part rf the programme by the able rendering of a comic recitation, "Imph'm." Thie second part, though last and comprising only one performnance, was by no means the least either in point of merit or appreciation. It consisted of a farce entitled " Thie lhaunted house," whlich was played by hallf-a-dozen boys, pepresentirng the following characters : -charlie, Charles Major; Harry I Charlos Williams i UncleWilton : FIlorence Healey; VWil~ljam (the footman) Walter Hunt To5 (the gardener) : Harry Whittinghlam; Ghost: Henry Oeary. The manner in which the parts were performed by each of these lads was creditable both to thlemoselves and their teacher, and would outvie many of our professionalsl and the plot being aimple and amusing, was rendered most appreciative. Considering the very short time that Mr. Smith has been in charge of the Kiimna school (only since the beginning of the year) the success of thisi concert speaks volumes for his ability, energy, and practical interest in the welfare of those under his care. Before the National Anthem was aeung, Mr. ,imith toolk codaion to tender thie most hearty thanks of the pupils and himself to Miss Kimber for presiding, the lady and gentleman amatours who had taken part, the Kiama brass band (which we omitted to any dlscouered a nuneber of airs prior to the Fommoncoimnt of the consertt the sohrall'adiosliood ang-tdlernei enotioned 'abi6v who wont to so muhli troithli iii th/? doeortion of. tho rdom, aiid tlhil-adieso ind' parents who linid coixtributed such o bedlinti ful supply of oxcoullont rofreohrmceath for tho little ones; and concluded by. stating that Iprizeos would be awardedl during como per.od of the presont yoar, and a portion ?of the mnonoy would be dovoted to the pur6l~ase of medals to be awishrdedto the most sunc cessful candidatos at the junior examina tions. T?M:lwAY;-We learn . by. wire,'- from Sydney, that the Kiamna T'ramway Bill passed through Committee in the Upper ouse, on Wednesday evening last. . SYDNEY UNIvnasrrTY.--inna lis?t'f fifty eight candidates who have successfully pasedl their mhtriculation examination, we are pleased to observe the name of Mr. M . Cameron, junior, of this town. . THE Eav.--'This steamuer, engaged in the utone trade, yesterday occupied the south east belth in the IKiama harbour, and the awell that came into the bay, and tl et crossed into the basin, was so great as to kdep her in such constant roll as to preventl the men from loading her; and the warps tore away alarge portion of her aft deck works, including her rudder wheel; other wise she floats and rolls without further injury. O?nRclrcer.-A match Kiama v. Burrier took placeo at lIroughton Oreek on Satur day last, and resulted in a victory for the Kiaemaiteo by one innings and live rune. The Barrier team in their first inninge made 4J, and in their second 48, Ki(ina making in their first innings 103. Tlhe only display of batting was by Mosaers Chap man and James 9gf the Kianm side, the for mer being top acorer with 23. The bowl ing of MIesar. Jamnes and O. M'lCaffrtey foi* K?.aua was very good, and that of Biddulph and IKennedy for Burrier did good service. Altholgh the match was so oeasily won the manrly and good hImioured conduct of the Barrier represoutativen rendered it a very pleasant game,-The following are the names of those picked to play against the Sydney team on Saturday and Monday next. Ze. Shanlrron, G. U. Jalmes, Cr. Chapman, C. ?l'Caflrey, Dr. Caird, F. MC'C:lffrey, [. Connell, Jan. Spinks, John Spioks, and E8. Markt. Emeorenciec, C. Irish and S. M'Olintock umpire, J. F. Tytor ; scorer, H. Whittingham. Play commences at 10 30 slhrp. Seats will be provided for ladies oe each day. - Mr. Gregory's toaw of Sydney oricketers wvill play Broughton Creek armd distriout on Saturday next at 10 a.m. sharp. The followeg have been choeon to repre. scent the local toearn :-Meosrs. Stafford, A. Gordon, W. Gordon, P. Kennedy, O'Neil, D. Bieclhardsom, Stewart ,iohardson, Saml. t:icihardson, II, Lublin, Biddulph, Willinams, and Britton. 