Doings In ami Ont ot Parliament * (FROM OUR SVD.NTKY CORRESPOXDE.VT).; A PERFECT eulin lins prevailed the atmosphere of the Assembly during .this week's Parlia mentary proceedings) . owinjj possibly to the ubsencn of Messrs. McElhoue and Taylor, who'w«;rH stumping the Mudgee Electorate. ,On Tuesday, Air. Clark" the Member ; foi Orariße, moved-" That in the opinion of this House, Schools of Agriculture and Model Farms, should be established in dilTerent localities in the country districts." . Mr. .Clarke, Mr. Combes,' Dr. ,ilo.ss, Mr. Stuart, and other hon. members admitted that some such scheme should be established, though Dr. Ross considered that the elements of agricultural chemistry, geology, and botany, should be taught in our publia schools. , -Another " burning question"-.the Railway through Sydney to the_ waters of Port Jack ? son--was debated, but'uftor one or two hon. members lind brierly spoken on the subject, it waa found there was not a quorum present, so the House adjourned at 10 minutes to 8 o'clock (mpposed cause anti-Re iniond meet ing at the Protestant Hall). Wednesday saw tho Rabbit Nuisance Bill freely debated, hon. mem lan s appear ing determined to be in st " the kill," after which the " Inscribed Stoek Bill " was re ceived from the Legislative Council without amendment (veiy gracious on the part of thu Upper House, considering it was a bill em bodying their amendments in the origiual bill passed through thu Assembly). The Estimates were then proceeded with. Tile item of .£.02,010 in the Department or'Mines being freely gouo into and the details criti cised. Other items followed, occupying a considerable time in discussion, the House finally: adjourning at 10 minutes to 2 o'clock. On Thursday evening, things were a trille livelier. Dr. Ross, the A) ctn bur for Molong, indulging in ti tilt at tin; Minister for Works for.not treating him (Dr. Ross) with suiti cicut courtesy whilst making inquiries res pecting the proposed railway through the Molong district. Dr. Ross getting excited, said " Le would have his rights (the railway constructed) in spite of all tho Copelunds in God's uuiveise." Mr. Copeland is hardly the man, however, to be intimidated or frightened either by an M.D. or a D.D., though those of the latter degree did him all the harm they could by their bigotry, mut intolerance in his Parliamentary canvass, but in that case as in this, Mr. Copeland left of ii winner, and WUK supported by the unanswerable' arguments of other members. Tho estimates were then again gone into, the item of .£7000 for the Training Ship Wolverene causing a most animated discussion. ' Mr. Stuart,- Sir J. Robiuson, ' Mr.. Garrett, Mr. Burns, Mr. Trickett, and Mr.» G. H. Reid, taking part in it, the latter with clever, and good humoured adroitness jiarrying the twitting Mr. Trickett gave . him. The estiinnte was' Bnally agreed to on ii division by 52 to 17 votes. - On Friday evening two or three private bills were debated and advanced various stages, when the. .Estimates once more came 0 i for discussion, the item of .£7003 f Governor's residence at Sutton Forrest, which was voted unconstitutionally by the late Government, causing a most uniniHtedjde bate. Mi. O'Connor, Mr. Poole, Mr. Slat tery, Mr. ? McLaughlin, Mr. Garrett, and other hon. -gentlemen censuring the late Government for their, unjonstHutional acts, and high handed conduct. Sir Henry Parkes in one of his adroit speeches, half-defending, half-apologising- replied-when the vote was carried. Some other business wns got through when the House finished tho week's sitting ut 11.20 p.m. Sir Henry has once more arrived Hufe home from one of his mimerons country tours, seemingly in the enjoyment of perfect health from the bracing and invigorating atmosphere of New England, mid thu pleasure of his triumphal progress ' through the northern districts. His entrance into the House however, on Tuesday evening, was not marked hy any demonstration of enthusiasm as sometimos Ima greeted him after an ab sence oven of a short duration. The sway ho for ii long time held over the minds of the pooplu und of the House has passed in, all probability for "good, though it may for a lime be galvanized into a sort of forced ex istence again, or. some Kiama Ghost, Frank Gardener, or some similar episodo of equal notoriety may keep his memory green in tho hearts of the people. Tho anti-Redmond meeting had nearly accomplished this for him, and placed him amongst the list of " blessed martyrs ;" for Sir Henry Parkes toole a lead ing part in the meeting, moving tho main 1 resolution.'' emphatically, protesting against thu mission of thu Messrs. Redmond, who I Hr« now on ii visit to' this colony for tho pur pose of raising funds for the support of tho Irish National »-.League," and tho vole of thanks to the Mayor for presiding. In doing this Sir Henry stated that "they did not como here (to tho mooting) ' to dispute thu wrongs of Ireland, indeed, it was impossible for any person, oven curiously acquainted with Irish history, nob to have felt his heart bleed ut tho catalogue of her wrongs ; "> but Sir" Henry maintained that Irishiu?u had no more right Mimi - Englishmen, Scotch men, or Germans had to como to this colony to revive the injuries, animosities, ami nee la ri ii ii strife of tho old countries, lu this, most of people will readily ugroo with him, us with his pro tost against any one ' coming here to disturb the peace of Australian society, though it is not very difficult to prove that Sir . Henry himself hus largely assisted in creating, and lias most energetically striven to perpetuate an iniquitous system of Lund Law that are u hendy, and will bo moro and more . prolific of the same terrible agrarian outrages in this ijolony, which have culminated in the Phoenix 'Park, .and other tart ¡ble outrages committed in Ireland, and which hus, and will consign scores of victims to the scaffold. Mr. - Flet cher, M.L.A., whilst protesting against tho mission of the Redmond Brothors admitted that Ireland had grievances to complain of ; that they were a down- trodden people und were cruelly used, and it was left for v.. Minis ter of religion, and an Irishman, to say that " lt was the old tale of imaginary , wrongs, or wrongs which, if they once existed, were now being put away. And they talked of thesis wrongs in the teeth of a legislation so bene ficent that many of the wisest men thought that English statesmen were ort tug on the side of too great mercy almost to the in justice of the loyalists of Ireland." No right thinking jrerson- can fail to' deplore: the present and past Btute of lawlessness existing in that unhappy country (Ireland), and to re gret that bitter feelings.and animosities, und sectarian differences should ho stirred up in these glorious.young colonies, but to. hear ii minister of religion express himself in tho manner above, is only to further prove that by their sectarian prejudices, intolerance.nud want of charitableness .their cloth ure unfit to take part. in. such proceedings ss. those held in the Protestant Hall on Tuesday even ing. Clergymen sitting on the bench'in the old country arts just the same,'their ^conduct mid decisions ure invariably characterised hy a blind uncharitable, .unfeeling interpretation and administration of tho law, and raroly tu ni pured by meroy, and they huyo'ño, right to the position. At tho termination of ^ tho meeting whioh had boon a most uproarious and rough one, chairs und broken forms being freely usnd. A bund of Redmonditcs en deavored to uttuck Sir 'Henry Parkes as lie atina out of the Hall, und after ho had got into his cab ; but .the précautions taken by the PolioH authorities frustrated tho nitempt and Sir Henry drove away thu li BI o of the hour. Whether the attàuk hail,noted on his nerves or no it is hard to sat, but ho was not in his plaoe on Thursday evening owing to indisposition, though he had tunde his. ap pearance on the previous evening. , Whilo on " dir Henri' " 1 obsorva that at Lismore 'he stated .' that having observed 35. families comfortably settled nu flinns in the neigh* bourhood of Tuuterfield, lie thought that was a sufiicient vindication of Sir John Robert son's Land Act of 1801." To a majority of people, 3A families comfortably settled on farms would hardly be doe mod a convincing proof of tho beneficent offeot of that Act. How about thu thousands it has sent to the Law Courts and'beggary. A " warm " reception awaits Mr. A. G. Taylor, upon his ro-ontry into tho House by the 35 hon. fccntlonion whom he assontod on thc hustings he hud seen intoxicated in tlie Asimbly during the short period he had sat as Kember for Mudgee. It is undoubtedly a npst serious eharga to make, and the Hoile will be wanting in .'dignity and solf respbt if it does not compel Mr. Taylor to retrait his sweeping charge, and make an anym. apology, or prove his assertion. I cairne see how he can do tho latter, for thonm any 'one regularly attending the siHi>ils of the House may occasionally, notice one ol two hon. . members as having had a friendW gloss, yet no one could truly assert that wy had seen 35 hon. members drunk in theliouse within the period named by Mr. Taylor! If such were the case it would be au etelnal ? reproach and disgrace to our Legishlive Assembly, 'and to those who constitue it. It is"" to he -'faired that Mr. Taylor li'order.: to cover his own conduct, though lut ina solitaryinstance, has foolishly rpsortedto this means of palliating it. . How ever theWssembly is determined of having a thorongliaxplanation. ? Mr. Tirlor's opponent, ,Mr. McElhono, hus brou retuned again for the Upper Hunter without Ils sanction, and it is' rumoured will not sit. lt is however, to be hoped he will not put ht friends und supporters, who have so generoikly forgiven the slight put upon thuin, to tie trouble aud turmoil of a third .election wlhiu a few weeks, but that .he will \- take his seit in the House and render the Colony theWrico that he can do, notwith standing hil sometimes violent and abusivo temper. I . ? Your Member (Mr. Gray), accompanied by MY. Hutchinson, Member for Balmain, waited upon the Minister for Works on Wednesday last, to point out to him the necessity, of sending the long promised Dredge to the Richmond River, both gentle- men most a ably stated their case, and Mr. Copeland acknowledged the desirability of sending one up, as he knew from personal inspection there was work for one, though he thought a breakwater was the only means of effectually remedying the evil that existed ; however, he premised a Dredge should be sent within a very short period. It is high time something was done, only, look at the disasters happening; to the steamers Francis Hixson and Platypus, and the schooner Adonis. . 