GENERAL NEWS. From our files we make the following extracts: — . While Mr. Gladstone was baskins; in the rays of the sun of the Riviera at Cannes it was natural that there should be much speculation afloat as to what will happen when he ceases to be a practical force in politics. Thus far he has shown himself to be not only the sole living statesman who can unite Radicals and Whigs, but the great restraining influence upon the aggressive pro paganda of Radicalism. The future position of the Badical party, of which Mr. Chamber lain is the accepted leader, must depend very much upon the attitude adopted by the suc cessor of Mr. Gladstone aa the Liberal chief. If Lord Hartington is prepared to accept a substantial portion of the Radical programme, which will include measures of no puny cha racter Mt Chamberlain and his friends will continue to act- with. him. If, on the other hand, the Liberal leader identifies himself with the Whigs and their tmHtiomLpolicy, the rupture between Whiggi&m; and Radi calism will be complete, and Mr. Chamber lain and hi3 friends will trust to themselves alone. As a matter of fact, there is reason to believe that Lord Hartington is prepared up to a certain point to co-operate with Mr. Chamberlain. At the same time it must be remembered that in the course of a very few years Lord Hartington will become Dnke of Devonshire. His accession to the ancestral title will compel him to recede into the back ground. His political importance, in other words, will be in an inverse proportion to his social dignity. It is the disappearance of Mr. Gladstone and the promotion of Lord Hart ington which causes the future of parties and politics in England to be so uncertain. The enquiry before a Coroner's Jury into the suicide of Dr. Edwardes at Hounslow ended in a verdict which is fully borne out by the facts, and which has received the strong approval of public opinion. Dr. Edwardes is declared to have died from the effects of prossic acid administered by his own hands in a moment of temporary insanity, and the Jury added an emphatic avowal of their belief that Dr. Edwardes ' was driven to his death by the pressure brought to bear upon him by his partner (Dr. Whitmarsh) using the false charge of' Mrs. Bignell as a means to drive him to a dishonourable dissolution of partnership.' In other words, the Jury pro nounce that the odious accusation, one of a sort to which medical men always are and must be specially exposed, was baseless; that Dr. Whitmarsh, instead of lending his partner his support under circumstances ter ribly trying and painful in themselves, en couraged the woman who had made the charge, professed to consider it true, and used it as a means to induce Dr. Edwardes to dis solve the partnership upon terms singularly advantageous to him (Dr. Whitmarsh). Dr. Edwardes was to receive £500 out of a sum of £1,800 which he had paid only fifteen months ago, and of which he was entitled to less than £200 in the way of the proceeds of his practice. It waa proved that the same solicitor who was conducting the prosecution against Dr. Edwardes on behalf of the Bignells for his alleged indecent assault upon the woman was acting also for Dr. Whitmarsh. It was also shown that Dr. Whitmarsh prompted, the woman to persist in her original statement, and to proceed against Dr Edwardes; that she had brought, or had meditated bringing, a similar charge against another doctor on a previous occasion, and that, she withdrew it on an apology. It was clearly established that Dr. Whitmarsh had been in the habit of making money out of his practice by selling an interest in it, and then buying out bis partners at his own valuation. The result of the trial is that a very serious charge is fastened upon both Dr. Whitmarsh and Mrs. BignelL The matter cannot remain where it is, and it is possible that proceedings for conspiracy maybe commenced against them. The publication of the Napoleonic mani festo follows curiously upon the unveiling of the statue of the Prince Imperial at Wool wich by the Prince of Wales. Some French critics have taken it in bad part that the futuie King of England should have paid such an honour to the ill-fated son of an ill fated father. The plain. fact. is that the Prince Imperial died in the service of Eng land ; be Dad been educated at an English military school, and he had done duty with the .Royal Artillery, one of our most distin guished corps. Tne peculiar circumstances of bis death naturally evoked much sym pathy, and it is as the most fitting expression of thu that numbers of all ranks in the British Army have subscribed to the memorial It is, of course, the fact that the late Prince Imperial, who was generally popular, was especially liked by the members of our Royal Family. Hence the aopearance of the Princes at Woolwich, and the pro minent part they took m the display. The statue is the work of Count Gfeichen, the Queen's cousin, who, although aa Admiral in our navy; has long devoted hinueH to scalp-' ; ture with-markedTgacceas. ..-'.' ' ' ' A very severe accident Jim occurred to Mrs. Thcrold, an Endkh lady, »ud' Mr. Cross, an English gentleman, who were pro ceeding to Monaco in a phaeton. The horse, a very spirited one, when sear the residence of the Duke d'Oldenburg, took' fright, and, dashed over a precipice 160 feet high. Mrs. Thorold had her skull fractured, and Mr. Cross sustained very severe injuries. It is a mercy that they were not both killed. The Duke d'Oldenburg had the sufferers conveyed to his villa, and bestowed every care upon them. The traffic returns for the Suez Canal to the end of last year show a steady rate of increase alike in vessels, tonnage, and receipts. Altogether 3,198 ships, measuring 6,811,521 tons, passed through the Canal, and the tolls aggregated 60,504,8781 The excess over the previous year, which had been a remarkably prosperous one, came to 471 vessels, more ihan a million tons, and about nine and a half million francs. The receipts for the past year are more than a third higher than those for 1880, and the excess of tonnage is still greater. In ten years the receipts have nearly quadrupled. In 1882 the Canal earned for each month as much as in 1870 it had earned for the whole year. Of the whole receipts 2,000,000f. were realized from the shipping employed by our Govern ment during the war. The dividend for 1881 came to 137 per cent. ; but that for the past year, owing to the 9 per cent, increase of revenue, will probably exceed 20 per cent. No wonder that the success of M. de Lesseps's great undertaking has awakened a demand for new waterways across the isthmus, in view of the fast-growing traffic. The idea of a sweet-water ship canal' from Alexandria to Cairo was started nine years ago by the late Khedive Ismail. It has been seriously taken up in the present number of the Nineteenth Century lyy two eminent English engineers, Messrs. Fowler and Baker, who estimate the cost at ten or twelve millions, and hold out the promise of large returns from water rates for irrigation, as well as from . moderate tolls from shipping. An alternative canal in our own hands would obviate, they argue, the need for widening thepresent waterway. With regard to the Suez Canal, the arrange ment proposed by the British Government is that it should be free for the passage of ships of every kind in all circumstances, but that precautions should be taken against the abuse of this privilege by enacting that' in time of war a limitation should be placed upon the time during which vessels . of wax belonging to a belligerent Power should be permitted to remain in 'the .CanaL and that no troops or munitions of 'war should be disembarked. It is also proposed, for the further securing of the neutrality and freedom of the channel, that no hostilities shall be permitted in the Canal or its approaches or anywhere in the territorial waters of Egypt, - even in the event of Turkey being one of .the belligerents. The recurrence of an emergency resembling the late rebellion is provided for' . by a clause excepting measures necessary for the defence of Egypt from the operation of these restricted enactments. It is further provided by the suggested- agreement, that every Power shall bebound to Dear the cost ' of the immediate repair of any damage which its vessels of war may chance to cause to the Canal ; and that Egypt shall take all measures within its power to enforce the conditions imposed upon the ships of belligerent Powers using the Canal in time of war. No fortifica tions are to be erected on the Canal or in its vicinity ; and nothing in the agreement is to be constructed as curtailing, or affecting the territorial rights of the Egyptian Government further than is expressly stipulated. - An Egyptian War Exhibition of trophies and articles of interest in connection with the late Egyptian campaign is beiu-j organized, with the approval and support of Lord Wolseley and the officers who served in Egypt, in aid of the fund for disabled soldiers, sailors, and marines. The exhibi tion will be opened at Knightsbridge next month. Lord Wolseley and the Duke of Teck have promised to lend interesting articles connected with the campaign, and the Royal Artillery will send to. the exhibition the celebrated donkey which was captiu-ed by F-I Battery at the battle of Tel-el-Kebir. The officer commanding the lit Life Guards has consented to allow the dervishes' tent, of great reputed sanctity, which fell into the hands of the troops, to be exhibited. A special feature of the exhibition will be a display of the surgical appliances used in war, and practical demonstrations will be given day by day of field-hospital work and of ambulance work. The twenty-one men arrested in Dublin for conspiracy to murder Government officials are not allowed, it is stated, to see their friends, and letters and newspapers are re fused them. It has transpired that the employes of Mr. Field, whose assassination was recently attempted, have been threa tened, and the manager and his wife are guarded to business b- police officers. The manager also carries a loaded revolver. A new phase of the agitation is the re ported employment of female detectives in Limerick. A number of officers and men of the Royal Engineers have been selected at the School of Military Engineering, Chatham, for the purpose of being employed in carrying out a series of experiments in ballooning. During his visit to Egypt, several years ago, General Sherman remarked to a promi nent Egyptian functionary— ' If ever the dynasty of Mehemet Ali is to be overthrown it will be by England ; and you Egyptians should bear in mind that England is a money lender, with all the greed and arrogance of that class.' ' Tell me candidly now about the Egyptian resistance at Tel-el-KLebir,' said an officer to a friend who had been engaged in the attack on the defences. ' Wely* he replied, 4' this is just how.it was. The white men ran like sheep, dia^TiargiTip; their muskets in the air ; the only regiment that stood was a black one, and the negroes remained helplessly grinning, so that I thought myself in the presence of a lot of Ethiopian serenaders, and felt quite ashamed to assault such funny fellows, and could not find it in my heart to fire at them.' Lord Wolseley, in replying to an address from temperance bodies at Blackburn, said he believed drink to be the source of all crime, not only in the army, but in sivil life; and he believed that if our soldiers all wore the blue ribbon as well aa Her Majesty's colours, we should have the finest army ever sent into the field to repiesent this country. A soldier has been tried by Court-martial at Lenmore Barracks, Galway, for having lefthia post whilst on duty outside the gaol, alleging that he saw the ghost of Myles Joyce, which frightened him away. His story was disbe lieved, and he was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. A serious strike has taken place among the Caledonian Railway servants. which_ has assumed something like colossal dimensions. The disaffection has spread to the remoter districts east, north, and south, and unless a compromise of some kind be speedily arrived at the next few days will witness the com plete withdrawal or the Company's present servants. On January 16 the Leith men came out on strike, and_no. passenger traffic was run on the branch line. The Perth men have agreed to abide by the decision of the Glasgow meeting ; the Stirling men have been holding an idle day; the Dundee men left work at midnight; and the Forfar men resolved that if the Dundee and Perth servants came out they would also strike this week. An official statement has appeared in the newspapers controverting, on behalf of. the Company, the allegations of the men as to long hours and insufficient remuneration for. overtime. On January 18 there was hardly a movement at the Central Station in Glas gow, and few trainB left. .Newspaper parcels were undispatched, and in many towns along the Caledonian' line the inhabitants, from the want of news papers, are ignorant of what is going on. At Carstaira, an important junction for trains for the south, all vie men are now out on strike. Deputations are in Glasgow from all the strike districts, and another mass meeting will be held to-day. This strike, which is for a reduction of the working day to nine hours on the Caledonian Railway, threatens to assume serious dimensions. A nine-hours movement has- long been talked about among the railway servants, and if the demand ia conceded in Scotland it will be pressed with vigour south of the Tweed. It should be borne in mind, however, that the real dispute turns, as in ail. short-time move ments, upon the. point at which payment for overtime should ? begin. There is seldom much objection to long hours if long hours mean a commensurate increase of pay. The Caledonian men demand double pay. for Sunday duty and 50 per cent, extra for over time. The progress of the Btruggle wffl be watched with much interest by the public and' with some anxiety by all directly or in directly interested in railway property. ~ Up till the present time no information has been gained, notwithstanding the vigilance of the search which is being made, which can lead to the diacovery of the young woman alleged to be the daughter of aa English baronet who had been deserted when a mere iniaht by_her parents nearly twenty years aco at Kingstown.- Numbers of persons remember the careumstances of an elegantly dressed female infant being found on the doorsteps of Mr. Thomas Carey, Sussex parade ; also the baptism of the infant, and her removal to Bathdown Union Workhouse, Loughlinstown. ~ A vigilant searth has been made through the old' admission books and other records of the Vorkhouse, and one entry was found referring- to the period when the child had been deserted. It records the admission of a female, infant who had been deserted in Kingstown; but, strange to say, there is another entry which states that this infant waa taken out of the workhouse two iays after her ?dmis8ioncby some woman wh -: then resided in Green'-street. It is said that this entry cannot refer to the musing heiress if £10,000 a year and aa enormous tnount of iccunralateamoney. Itisstatedthatas much is £2,000 is offered for trustworthy information that will lead to the discovery of the lost, heiress, and it seems that the story of the desertion of her child at Kingstown was told by her mother when on her deathbed a short bime since. i Lady Florence Dixie has declined to accept » testimonial in appreciation of her efforts to relieve Irish distress. It is consequently announced that the £286 contributed for that purpose will be returned to the subscribers. Mr. Parnell's estate has been the scene of another popular ' demonstration. Several bundred people assembled, with bands, to plough, his land, and a large stubbie-field idjoining his demesne was ploughed up very quickly, over 200 ploughs being engaged ; while in a field of twenty-one acres at Garrymore eighty ploughs were employed. A short time since Miss Baxter, of Bal gavies, sister of Sir David Baxter, and aunt of the Right Hon. W. E. Baxter, conjointly with the late Dr. Baxter, Procurator Fiscal of Dundee, gave £150,00.0 for the endowment and erection of a college in Dundee. The buildings have been acquired, professors ap pointed, and the work of the college will soon be begun. Miss Baxter has now given another £10,000 to provide a laboratory, and the trustees of the late Dr. Baxter have given £10,000 to found a Chair of Law. Since the Belt trial everybody asks who Mr. Lawes is. By way of stating what he is we may say that when at Cambridge he was a boating man, and one of the founders of the Amateur Athletic Club. He is the only son of Sir John Bennet Lawes, of Wrothamstead Park, the first baronet of the name, who made his fortune as a chemical manure manu facturer. He has sold his business, or rather turned it into a limited Liability Company, which paid him £30,000 for it, and he is still a large shareholder. Sir John, with practical waggisbness, has land on his estate divided into strips, in which he has grown nothing but wheat ever since 1S58 ; and he has had these various strips manured . in different ways, lime, dung, bonedust. guabo, &&, bat one strip he hps never had manured at all Strange to say. it bears a fair average crop annually. This speaks volumes about the respective value of various manures, aad the scientific rotation of crops. . An action brought by Mr. Thomas H. Kinpsley against Miss Miza Anne Pielefor £2,000 damagesforbreach' of promise to marry, was concluded in Dublin oa January 13, before Mr. Justice O'Brien. Defendant enjoys an annuity of £400 a year,, and alleges that- plaintiff wanted to marry her for her money; Plaintiff was a medical student ia Dublin, and afterwards held positions in London; - Plaintiff admitted that for some years he assumed the name of Stanley to escape from his creditors. Defendant's counsel contended that plaintiff was a design ing, heartless fellow, and the lady had a marvellous escape from him. : Defendant, in cross-examination,* said she told plaintiff she could not marry him, as she did not want to end her days in a poorhouse, and he agreed to let the engagement drop. The Jury found that there was a promise of marriage, but that, it was obtained by fraud, and gave a farthing damages. On the counter claim they found that the plaintiff owed the lady £100. The Judge accordingly gave judgment for the defendant, the announce ment being received with applause. - A desperate railway outrage is reported to have taken place near Genoa. A young German and his wife, who had been spending ;heir honeymoon at Rome, were travelling to Genoa in a first-class compartment, when at Busalla they were joined by a respectably dressed Romagnole of about thirty. All went well till the train entered the Giovi Tunnel, when the Romagnole, pointing a revolver at the German's breast, demanded his purse or his life. The German grappled boldly with his assailant, and wrenched the weapon out of his hand, not, however, before the man had discharged four shots, two o! wbich were lodged in the German's shoulder. Nor was this all, for, deprived of his revolver, the Italian recurredto nis stiletto, with which he inflicted five wounds oa the traveller, one of them a severe head cu«. . The shrieks of the young wife at length reached the guard, who stopped the train and came to the rescue. The man was secured and made fast in the luggage-van, and the train proceeded. The train had not gone far, how ever, before the guards discovered that their prisoner had got away, and they had again to stop the train and set all the signalmen along the line on his track. Fortunately, he was recaptured at Ponte Decimo, and taken into custody by the Carabineers. The German is in the doctor's hands at Genoa. One of the bullets will have to be extracted. The lady was cut about the hards in trying to disarm the man. Her husband had £120 about him. The Municipal Council of Paris has voted thesumjof of £120,COO, two-thirds of which are to be expended in the improvement of existing hospitals, rod the remaining one third to be expended in the erection of ? esta blishments for the relief of the sick and wounded poor of that city. In accordance with the request of the various Embassies the Porte has agreed to prohibit the importation into 'iurkey of swords, sabres, and revolvers, admitting only hunting-knives and artistically ornamented revolvers intended only for display. A reorganization of the Portuguese House of Peer3 is in contemplation. It is proposed that the Upper House shall in future be designated the Senate, and shall consist of 150 members, fifty to be chosen by the King and- appointed for life, fifty to represent the various sections of the community, and the remaining fifty to be elected by a double pro cess of voting. The dissolution is announced of the Holy League, a Russian secret Society which was founded under official patronage with the object of beating the Nihilists with their own. weapons by the discovery and frustration of plots against the Emperor's life. It may be presumed that the Czar and his advisers have no further apprehensions from Nihilist machi nations, or that they wish the world at large to believe bo. A third and not altogether un likely hypothesis is that tne powers that be in1 Russia think the existence of any secret Society more calculated to bring on than to avert danger. General Igriatieff iB popu larly believed to have patronised this Asso ciation. On the contrary, he was an enemy to. it from the first. The Society was f oonded by Prince Scherbatoff, Count Paul Schuyaloff, and Count Voronzoff. An extraordinary attempt has been made to procure copies of the secret macs and plans kept at the office of the Etat Major at St. Petersburg. The person, who made the attempt is a young man about twenty-six years of age. He obtained admittance to the office by disguising himself in the uni form worn by the clerks, and, having thus penetrated to the room where the maps and plans were kept, began boldly# to make copies of them. At nrst he was not interfered with, but after a time suspicions were entertained, and he was questioned. His replies being; unsatisfactory, he was arrested,' and a strict enquiry is being made into the matter. It is supposed he is connected with the Nihilists, but few particulars are obtainable. He refused to give his name. Great preparations are now being made for the coronation of the Czar of Russia. From a correspondent at Moscow we learn that for the amusement of the people at the time of the coronation— behind the buildings of the Exhibition— M. Lentkoffsky is now building two theatres, a circus, a carousal, maypoles, a ; triumphal arch with decorations' com mencing with the time of Rurik, the defeat of the Tartan, the annexation of Siberia, the accession of the Romanoff family (present reigning family), and the reforms of Peter. In the centre there will be a large tower con taining revolving cylinders with panoramic paintings, displaying the principal events of the late Emperor's reign. In the Exhibition buildings there will be feasts, Ac., for the people. The exact date of the coronation has not yet been fixed, but it is understood it will be some time in May next. A pamphlet has been published in Pesfch which has excited considerable sensation. It bears the title ' Russia and the War,' and is from the pen of a prominent member of the Hungarian Opposition. The writer main tains that since the Berlin Congress Eossia has been determined upon war with Austria, and that hostilities are therefore inevitable. He also criticises the Austro-Hungarian mili tary organization, and declares that the army is numerically inadequate to the require ments of the Empire. ' The Greek authorities having returned packages with letters bearing Turkish stamps, which were brought by the French and Austrian mails, the Porte, being unable itsel: to take reprisals, desires the French and Austrian Embassies to forbid their post offices in Constantinople to deliver letters bearing Greek stamps. The project of (he United States for esta blishing* universal meridian haa been sent to thePariaAcademy of Sciences for approval. It is expected that Great Britain may object to thia measure, and it haa been propose* that, in consideration of the services rendered to geography by England, that the Greenwich meridian should be selected as the start point for time and longitude. A despatch from Lima reports that Casma was regularly blockaded by the Chilian iron cladHuaacar, and that the Chilians would occupy the port, in order to avoid complaints from the K^i«h merchants, who, in the absence of a war vessel, had been paying double duties. 