PICNICING IN STRANGE PLACES. (CONCLUDED.) Breakfast over, amidst a fair amount of dawling and pleasant talk. We formed a party, and, with a guide, explored the dry (?) cave, which consisted of many large vaults, some opening out of each other, some connected by narrow rugged dark passages - once or twice a crevice above let us see a gleam of daylight. In almost every place we either had to cross our friend the stream, or heard its rushing waters in some un- seen direction. This took us about an hour, when we were advised to retire to our tents and put on the various old things we had brought with us in preparation for our excursion to the caves, par excellence, and indeed a queer-looking party is was, that some half-an- hour later started, candles in hand, on what we were warned would be a wet expedition. Every device of old hat, borrowed boots, dresses composed often of portions of two or three, was the rule with the ladies, whilst the dilapidated condition of the gentlemen provoked much laughter, and witticisms at each other's expense were rapidly interchanged. On then for some 800 yards through the bush, when we reached a stream running rapidly between two very high rugged banks, covered with tree ferns, myrtle, ti-tree, and other foliage bending down to the water, the huge rocks covered with many varieties of ferns and wild flowering plants. With the aid of sticks and a little help we gradually scrambled down to the bed of the stream, crossed it by means of rocky stepping-stones, and found ourselves at the mouth of a yawning cave, which, for blackness and size, might have been the mouth of the infernal regions themselves. We shivered at the very look of it, but being told to take our last look at the bright sunny day, we bravely turned in following our guide, who merely stopped to light his candle, passing it along the line till a winding string of flickering-lights described the path of our party. Soon even the flicker of daylight in the backward distance was lost sight of. Then came the first plunge into the cold pitch-dark water (as many exclamations and groans testified, a terrible ordeal) and our long uncomfortable walk had really commenced. Through winding narrow passages and galleries, opening often into huge rooms of many shapes and sizes, we came at length to what seemed the end. A steep-looking rock faced us, but to our surprise, up went the guide in a most offhand manner, and peering more closely through the darkness, we discovered one more of those yawning mouths which seemed to greet us at almost every turn. With some help from our men folk - one above reaching down and one below literally hoisting us up, we managed at last to find ourselves in a second series of caves. We had to wade for some time up the bed of the stream, till a larger opening brought us to the shores of what appeared a small truly inland lake. Our guide plunged in, and nothing remained but to follow him closely, as some parts were said to be dangerously deep. In, in, past our waists in the most deathly cold water. Many were the screams from the girls and acclamations from the sterner portion, but as Kingsley says, "good times and bad times soon come to an end." And our shivering party once more stood on the rocks, shaking themselves with groans and sighs like so many rats. Oh! the bedraggled, woebegone appearance we all made, increased by the sand we now met clinging fast to every available inch. We had not, however, any time to bewail ourselves, for we were hurried on, some of the party being already far in advance, to the stalactite cave, domeshaped and covered with those beautiful formations of all sizes. By using the sticks which some of our party provided, we succeeded in knocking off many, but the most beautiful always fell into the waters beneath, and here forever lost to us. I must say the ruthless destruction of various pleasure par- ties had gone far to destroy the beauty of this grand, old cave. In one passage we all put out our lights to find roof and walls covered with glow-worms, like little diamond stars glistening in scattered profusion, and re- lieving somewhat that "darkness that could be felt," bringing forcibly to mind the old scriptural phrase of "outer darkness." A strange weird feeling truly it was - our last experience of cold water being deep enough, we voted for home, and turning another way, arrived once again at what appeared a blank wall, but this time our guide went down on all fours, we of course had to follow in the same way, actually on our hands, dragging our bodies after us. We soon returned to our old route, walking quickly, till a glimmer in the distance showed us the welcome daylight, and, alas! the very different aspect of the party who had entered some two hours previously. A sharp walk soon brought us to the tents where those who had not joined our party had hot coffee ready for us - welcome enough it was too. That, the quick dressing, and a sharp walk ordered at once by our chaperone, and the doctors prevented any of us taking cold as might otherwise have been the case after our icy bath. These caves, however tamely I have described them, are indeed worth visiting - the feeling of awe, being in the heart of the earth, the huge rocks, vast rooms, unutterable darkness, the fairy, or rather gnome-like splendour of the stalactite dome are among the unforgotten things of a lifetime. I must describe one more charming spot which we visited after dinner that day. As usual we divided forces, some of the gentlemen went fishing up the stream. I may remark, en passant, a tiny specimen of the finny tribe, measuring about half an inch, was handed in triumph to me, as the proceeds of several hours devotion to Isaak Walton's art. "They say" fish of several kinds are to be found in those waters, but my knowledge on this, point is confined to hearsay. Two or three others, students of the National Gallery, disappeared on sketching expeditions, which, may be, will furnish one day to your readers, descriptions more graphic than any wordpainting could be. Most of the others wandered in twos and threes round the base of the hill whose acquaintance we had made so early in the day. On we walked over several rises, revelling once and again in delicious glimpses of cool fern gullies, till we reached the object of our walk, a natural bridge of stone, finely arched, spanning the deepest part of one of the gullies. We looked down some eighty feet, and of course nothing would satisfy the most adventurous spirits but slipping, sliding, jumping, or shyly waiting for the favored helping hand of the day to reach the bottom. Once down, it was delicious, the waving graceful ferns, the fairy-like undergrowth of more delicate ones, the tiny stream rippling over the boulders and falling in mimic cascades over a broken tree, filled us all with a sensation of happy delight not easily described, presently broken by the fragment of a merry catch taken up and sung in many tones, till the warning cry of approaching tea hour from Madame Prudence, otherwise known as Mrs. Spoonington, who, anxious to sustain her new dignity, remained on the bridge, gazing with a benign matronly eye at those foolish young things below. So after marching orders nothing remained but the difficulty of scrambling up, accomplished at last amidst much laughter and loss of breath, and thus reluctantly we turned tentwards once more, but the lingering of the various couples mentioned before the occasioned a small adventure, kept quiet at time and only divulged to a favoured few. We had arrived at the upper end of our wild gully, which, indeed, became wild and rugged in the extreme, but a mania for ferns had by this time set in. So down we were again over rocks and fallen trees, and having gained our spoils found most of the party had, as the Americans say, "made tracks," we hurried on. But seeing two of our friends who had been apparently oblivious of time, way, and all else, had not yet turned up, we waited with some considerable patience for almost an hour. A prolonged cooey, in a very wrong direction, showed our truant pair had really lost their way, and glad enough they were to reach us, for they had wandered in a circle all the time, and most humbly begged us not to speak of their little adventure on account of the 'chaff.' Tea fairly over, I thought to enjoy a quiet, solitary hour in our dry cave listening in the gathering twilight, to the roar of the waters, and watching the dusky figures playing games on the green outside, but scarcely had I perched myself in a dim corner than the lost pair appeared, and sitting down evidently began meditating entirely to their own content. They were soon followed by a second and third pair, none of whom on entering perceived the others, and finally the engaged pair, who we afterwards learnt had been studying botany, and had been invisible to all since dinner. At length a bell rang calling the scattered members in. Rugs were spread beneath the trees, wraps brought out, and the several groups proceeded to sing each other down in the most edifying fashion. Songs, choruses catches, duets, trios, hymns, followed one another in rapid succession till nearly 10 o'clock, when the supper bell announced the usual cake and sandwiches. All gathered round the camp fires, when ghost stories of the most alarming nature and comic songs of every description were again the order of the day, or rather night, in spite of the many reminders from our kind chaperone of the lateness of the hour. However, at last the "good-nights" had been spoken quickly, lightly, tenderly, reluctantly, according to the fancies of the company, and we all turned in to a good night's rest after the excitements and fatigues of one of the most pleasing days. The next morning a warm discussion ensued between the party who wanted to get home and the party who wanted to get up the mountains. The former eventually carried the day. In a short time all was bustle and business. We made a fair start pic-niced at the "Needles" up which we had time to climb, and arrived at our journey's end about six o'clock in the evening, with many regrets that one of the most enjoyable trips we had ever made had at last, as is the nature of all things, come to an end, "Of the many folks gathered from all parts of the world, it is not likely that six of them will come together again, but in the memories of all it must remain one of the most pleasant days of a most pleasant summer. If then my friends I have succeeded in giving you a few minute's diversion from the busy moments of life, if some will wish to see for themselves the beauty, wildness, and mysterious windings of the glorious old caves, and succeed in forming half such a pleasant party as ours I shall not have taken up my pen in vain and maybe, at some future time, I may endeavour to draw their attention to one or two spots unknown, but well worth visiting in our own colony. CARRIE CROZIER. 