PEASANT PROPRIETORSHIP AT WORK. (Saturday Review.) Those who write and speak on the Radical side are usually well aware of the expediency of ignoring, so far as possible, disagreeable facts. It is curious to note that, in the many discourses and disquisi- tions of the leaders and admirers of Trade Unions, little is ever said of the effect which an increase in the cost of labour has in raising the prices of commodities foi the working classes as well as for the wealthier portions of the community. A rise in the wages. of pitmen may mean a rise in the price of coal, and this may cause discomfort or even severe suffering to the poor. A rise in the wages of masons, bricklayers, and carpenters may mean dearer cottages, and in the end higher rents ; but these and similar effects of increased pay are, gene- rally speaking,studiously ignored,, just as certain important but disagreeable sub- jects are ignored in society. In like manner, it is not infrequently thought the best course to leave unnoticed facts which from a Radical point of view are unpleasant and cannot easily be argued away or denied. It is not then surprising that Lady Verney's description, in the current "number of the Contemporary Review, of the condition of the peasant proprietors in- Auvergne should have received small comment. Those who rave against the present system of owner- ship of the land, and declare that it should belong to " the people," may learn from her pages what results, in some cases at all events, where the land does belong to the people. When land has been divided into plots so small that the peasant can only just live and rear a small family, it cannot be further subdivided, and is pos- sessed by " the people" as much as it ever can be possessed by the people. This is the case in Auvergne, and in other parts of France ; but, unfortunately, the results of this possession of land by the actual culti- vator is by no means satisfactory, to say the least. Such being the case, it is, no doubt, judged best to avert the eyes from a painful picture, and to treat with that quiet con- tempt which good breeding dictates as the best punishment for bad taste, the imperti- nent persons who endeavour to attract attention to disagreeable facts which do not altogether confirm the justice of Radical views. Those views, as we need hardly say, have been very emphatically, if not very clearly, stated. At the last Trades Union Congress the delegates passed a resolution in favour of nationalisation of the land. They did not very fully explain what they understood by this, and various inter- pretations of the hazy expression they used may be given ; but probably what they meant was that the cultivator should have a much larger interest than he now has in tho land, and that the landlord should be got rid of altogether or made a mere annuitant. In any case the most ardent amongst them could not desire more than that the cultivators should be absolute owners of the land in fee simple, with no ghosts of landlords in the shape of annuitants to trouble them ; because, even in the most democratic society, nothing beyond this bliss- ful result could be attained. In France, as everyone knows, the actual cultivator is, for the most part, the owner-peasant proprietorship having become, if not uni- versal, at all events general, owing to the system of division which has now been in operation for so long. The feudal oppressor has disappeared, and the fruits of the soil are for him who gains them by the sweat of his brow. The result of this practical realisation of the democrat's dream is that a great many men and women lead a life of severe and incessant toil, only gaining even by this just enough to subsist upon, and are debarred, not merely from comfort, but from much that in civilised countries might be thought necessary ; while some of the agricultural population lead a life which, in its utter squalor and wretchedness, scarcely seems above that of the savage. Indeed it may be doubted whether savages tlo not lead, so far as the satisfaction of material wants goes, a much more pleasant existence than that which falls to the lot of the poorer amongst the French peasantry. Of what that life actually is Lady Verney gives in the article referred to a graphic description. It is difficult to suppose that she has in any sensible degree exaggerated, since she has been careful to give the names of most of the places she visited, so that it is perfectly easy for anyone who knows the country or chooses to visit it to verify or disprove her statements. The first village she went to was one situated within a drive of Royat, a bathing place near Clermont, that has recently sprung up. In this hamlet, which bears the very inappropriate name of Beausejour, Lady Verney soon found a woman who was willing to show her house, and who ex- plained that during cold weather the inmates kept warm by living in the stables with the cows, saying pathetically, " Il y a là une si douce chaleur ; it is so pleasant that one can't help nodding with sleep ; the roof is boarded, and there is a little window, and when one comes out into the open air, there is such a steam, and it is like an oven." With this agreeable vision before her, Lady Verney inspected another house, the description of which had best be given in her own words :-" There was no window whatever,-only two panes, which did not open, over the doorway,-and no light or all- unless the door was ajar. No shelf, press, or cupboard was to be seen, and on the floor lay onions, dirty clothes, bread, sticks, and the indescribable rem- nants of never-stirred rubbish. One could not say the floor was ' dirty as the ground,' because out-of-doors the pure rain fell and cleared away the filth, whereas within no water was over used by human hands, or in- deed could be, unless the whole house hail been turned out-of-doors. ' Where do you sleep? said I. 'Oh, up there,' There was no stair or opening of any kind. ' But how do you get to it? 'By the street.' She led the way up a steep path to the road above, by which we reached the higher level, where the bedroom opened. True, vliey must pass to bed through the cold and wet, but theil they spared thomselves tho expense of a stair. The pleasures of snendag her evening with her cow were insisted upon by this mistress also." After visiting Beau séjour, Lady Verney went to Beaumont, whero tho houses, though a little better than those in tho first-named village, wore very miserable ; and then to Montferrand, where in " the fifteenth-century town houses of the nobles" the cultivateurs of the neighbourhood are, to use Lady Verney's words, "living like animals," But even more wretched apparently than the life of the" peasants at" this-place, or at Beauséjour or Beaumont, is that of the inhabitants of a hamlet high up near the .Puy-de-Dôme which Lady Verney visited. Speaking of a habitation at this pleasant place, she says :-" We entered a large stable, with a central stone pillar and vaulted roof, 'which the owners had built themselves ; on one side were three cows, on, tlie other two wooden beds in one frame against the wall, with a couple of cradles and a cot ; the sheets tolerably clean ; the floor without an attempt at a pavement of any kind ; filthy, to a degree not describable, with the cows' litter, the chickens' dirt, a quantity of old bits of wood, broken boxes lying in the corner, with the chest for ' corn, whilst the clothes hung on ropes in the midst of the disorder. There was no press, no cupboard or shelf to be seen-one little window near the beds. . . . The instincts of civilisation were too strong, and I came to an end, dead beat." To these agreeable descriptions she adds the following statement respecting the habits of the peasants :-" No doctor is ever sent for or thought of, said Dr. P., except for fractures ; the people die or get well, as happens. They never wash, except hands anti face at the fountain, from 1st January to 31st December, and such a thing as a basin or jug was never anywhere to be seen." Much more might be cited from Lady Verney's article to show how miserable the lives of these poor people are ; but we have not space for further extracts, and what we have quoted proves sufficiently how wretched their existence is. They .are, perhaps, amongst the poorest of the French peasantry, but apparently in other parts of France the cultivators are not much better off. When ""Lady Verney "described at the table d' hôte what she had seen, her French neighbours did not seem in the least surprised. ¡ A Breton' lady said that in Brittany it was much the same, and; another lady said that in Touraine the people slept, not in the cow- sheds, but in the stables, having usually " a little off place to sleep in." So far as Lady Verney could ascertain, the only pro- vince in which the agricultural population was tolerably well off was Normandy, wheie there has not been so much subdivision, and where many tenant farms remain'. The nationalisation of the land, the gradual par- celling of it out amongst' the people, cer- tainly does not seem to have benefited 'the people ; and even if the Auvergne peasants are a little worse, off than others, their state shows, at all events, the kind of result which may be expected when possession of land by the cultivators has become 'fully established. The question of course which suggests itself to Englishmen is whether the establishment of a peasant proprietary in England would lead to like consequences, and it is not easy to see how they could be avoided, since the causes which have produced the miserable condi- tion of many of the cultivators in France would almost of necessity operate in like manner in other countries. The wretched state of the peasants in Auvergne appears from Lady Verney's account to be due to the smalluess of their holdings, to bad cultiva- tion, and to the fact that, small as the hold- ings are, they are not compact, but that the tiny plots of ground on the produce of which a man has to live are often situated at some distance from each other. It is further to be observed that, owing to poor crops of grapes during several years, the peasants are now perhaps even more indigent than usual ; but, uuder any circumstances they must live in wretched poverty. The first and principal cause of penury mentioned-the tiny amount of each property-is, as need scarcely be said, due to subdivision under the French law of inheritance, but it is ex- tremely difficult to understand how similar subdivision could be prevented in another country unless a democratic community, while giving the land to " the people," and dispossessing the landlords, chose to adopt what is generally considered by democrats as the worst feature of an aristocratic system. It is impossible to suppose that in revolu- tionised England inheritance by the first born son would bo allowed. If advanced principles prevailed a system under which an eldest son or a favourite son might oust all the others and gain sole possession of the land would never be tolerated. Consistent democrats would necessarily enact that all children should inherit equally, and subdivision of land would go on until starvation-point was reached. The second of the causes above mentioned--bad cultivation-is at once cause and effect. It produces poverty, and is caused by poverty. The faculties of a man who is held down to incessant labour, and is only just able to support himself by it, are usually narrow, and he is little likely to have sufficient in- telligence to appreciate new methods, and still less likely to be either able or willing to spend the money necessary for introducing them. It would be hard indeed to expect a peasant to mortgage his plot for the sake of trying an experiment which, after all, might fail The third cause of poverty mentioned, the dispersed nature of the little properties, owing to which a good deal of time is spent in getting from one field to another, is not altogether easy to account for ; but, according to Lady Verney, it is in part due to the extreme jealousy which the peasants feel towards any one of their number who seeks to be a little better off than the rest If a man tries to make his holding a compact one by exchange or purchase, the others unite against him, and he commonly finds the effort hopeless. Can it be assumed that no similar feeling would exist in this country if the land belonged to the people ? Does the history of trade unions show that there is no jealousy among workmen, and that the efforts of energetic men to do better than their comrades are regarded without hostility and without any desire for a forced equality ? With regard to the bad years, it need only be said that these happen with all crops, and that in one respect Auvergne has been singularly fortunate, as the phylloxera has not visited it. Moreover, the habits of life which Lady Verney describes are clearly not the result of recent or temporary misfortune. On the whole, then, it is difficult to see why the establishment of a peasant proprie- tary in England should have happier results than are now witnessed in France. It can hardly be contended that Englishmen are likely to work harder or be more thrifty than the French peasants, who are perhaps the most laborious and parsimonious race that exists in the civilised world. In all probability Englishmen in the position of the French cultivators would fare even worse, as they would neither toil so much nor be so careful. It is, however, easy to ignore these considerations, easy to overlook the present state of the cultivators, and to disregard witnesses who, like Lady Verney, tell unpleasant truths, and, no doubt, this is the wisest as well as the easiest course, Attacks on landowners are much more telling than inquiries into such disagreeable subjects as the condition of French peasants. Lonoj and Short.-A Scotch lawyer was bo short in staturo that It was necessary for bim to stand on a stool when addressing tho Court. " AVoll." said a wit, on Boeing him thus olcvuteil, "thut is oneway of rising ut the har." Curran, tho orator und wit, was onco arguing a caso in- volving ecclesiastical luw. Noticing a very lull and slender lawyer behind him, who )md bludlcd for tlw church and thon gono into tho law, the wit said! "1 con refer your lordship to a very hiah authority behind mc, who was once intended for tho church, though perhaps lie was bettor fitted for the ttttplt/" 