THE SQUATTERS SEGONh daughter. AN UP-COUNTRY « YARN » (BY J.J.tA Ancnor oi iraveiling Sheep," “APrecinm, Damper," ‘‘The Tale of a Pannikin,” °“d other sketches. ’ 1 CHAPTER VII (Continued). A MYSTERIOUS ABDUCTION' Joe Parslaw after taking his horse for a drink, “ hobbled” him in a good patch of salt bush, intermixed with Mitchell and prame grass tufts, to which the nag imme diatcly applied himself with assiduity Owing to the equine’s impatience Joe had some difficulty m adjusting the bell round lus neck, and as Paddy was trying to dis pense withihis “ whereabouts signal ” Pars law thought he saw some dark object crawl ing at length. The object in the indistinct starry brightness, was not thoroughly dis cernablc as to its character, and presented the appearance of an elongated black body i of no definite shape. Our hawker was I not particularly superstitious and resolved in his mind as lie turned away, that it must be a paddy-melon or kangaioo-rat. Still his bush experience told him that tiic move ments of those animals when startled were notably agile. The stealthy departure resembled more the wriggling of a snake than anything else but the apparent size completely dispelled that suggestion. Then he thought of wild blacks, but his ex perience of the road told him that what few blacks were likely to be met with in this locality were—to use the rather wide ex pression-” civilized.” Besides, even in parts Where tl.ey were wild and likely to do mischief, they never attack but at dusk or daybreak, their rude idea of the “ devil, devil always inciting them never to shift a hundred yards from their camp without the companionship of a firestick. He had at last to consider himself completely puzzled, and ^terrCtl to lteep tlle ^cumstance to himself. On second thoughts he resolved to confide the incident to George Hamlin, the most interesting of the trio of bushnien of whoso history I gave ,ny slight resume on a former occasion. In order not to make his wife and ’Tina anxious he did not mention flip mntfm* frx Hail lie done so, in all probability I should not have been furnished with the circum stances to describe the thrilling incident that I am about to do, and which was to take place in the course of a few hours. The bright light of the fire served as a beacon to ensure the safe retracement of his steps to the camp, and in a few minutes ho was warming liis chilled person at the fire. Mrs Parslaw had his tea ready, and 'Tina, ever a lively , girl anil never better pleased than when assisting in housewifery duties, had in addition to the usual two “gunny-bags,” on which the “chuck” (as Joe always termed food) was spread, she had placed a large clean towel. She had even burnished up the tin pannikins and plates. The meal was set out at the back of the conveyance, aud while Joe’s wife and her companion dis posed themselves respectively on the “ tucker-box” and small water-barrel, Joe, who now had been called by his wife, sat a la Turk on the ground. Generally the hawker was a good eater, the exercise to which ho was wont, and a continuous exis tence in the pure fresh country air com bining^ to give him a good appetite. Generally too he amused his “old woman” throughout the meal-hour with laughable travelling experiences that had occurred to him prior to her throwing her lot in with his, while she in turn could interest him with similar episodes in bush experience. But to night he was silent and abstracted. He could not disabuse his mind of a presenti ment of some pending evil. Mrs Parslaw, whose love for the hearty old fellow grew fonder the longer she knew him—like all affectionate wives—soon discovered that something was amiss. “Is the tea all right, deerie, you don’t seem to care much about it ?” she suddenly said. So engrossed was ho with this indefineil something that filled his mind that it was not till she asked the second time that he re “ Oh ! it’s alright old woman, but I’m not hungry.” “ Wily you’ve had nothing to speak of since breakfast, Joe, aren’t you well ?” “ I’m right as a trivet” he replied, anil commenced to munch a piece of damper and beef. After two or three mouthfuls he put it down, gulched down his pannikin of tea and hastily rising said “ I’ll go over to the camp-fire and hare a smoke.” The companions of Hamlin had enrolled themselves in their blankets and were snoring loudly. Hamlin himself, how*ever, was lying on his rug gazing into the fire-light deep in reverie, and failed to notice for a short timo the presence of the hawker. “Did you have any supper, mate?” said Joe with a view to opening up a conversa “ Oh ! yes thanks, boss, and if I hadn’t your good woman’s not the sort not to ask a man if he hasn’t got a mouth on him.” Although the compliment to polite ears might'seem rough and uncivilized, it was nevertheless a compliment anil so felt by Parslaw. “ That” said Joe in the most approving tones, as he pointed towards the cart “little bit of petticoats can’t bo licked nowhere. She’s a good un. They say marriage is a lottery, I believe from what I’ve seen it is, but this chicken drew a prize.” “I often wish I’d got married” returned the bushinan, “ I shouldn’t be the outcast I am if I’d got hold of a good one. By the way, boss, is that your daughter you’ve got with you. That’s a nice girl. If I hail money aud position I’ll like to marry that girl. Now look here, when you came up to the fire I was jnst thinking how happy I could be with her." “What’s your name, mate, I’d like to know, for I’ve taken a fancy to you. There’s something about you that’s ‘jonuick?’” Hamblin told him his name and a few in cidents in his life with which the reader is already acquainted not even omitting tho in discretion he had committed. Whpn he hail finished Parslaw in turn in formed him of the mystery that attached itself .to tho finding of his wife’s companion. “ The worst of it is neither my wife nor me can get out of her where she lives, or in fact anything about herself, only that she will go with us. as far as Charlcville. I've never forgotten the look of horror with which she glared at me, aud the old- woman when we found her in the scrub. ‘Don’t shoot me, don’t shoot me’ says she, 1 I’m not your darter.’ There’s something in it more nor me aud you know of, and now I’ll just tell you why I wanted to have a talk with Joe then related the singular presence of something ho could not then divine, anil asked Hamlin’s opinion of what ho thought was best to be done. ° “ We’ll watch turn about, all night” said Hamlin. “By the look of the stars it’s about eight or nine, when the ‘ milky way’ shows twelve I’ll go on aud watch till morn ing. You watch till then, I’ll turn in now and get a snooze.” Suiting the action to the word the bush man wrapped himself in his blanket, put his boots ami the spare shirt and pair of trowsers that composed the whole of his wardrobe, save those in which he was clothed, under his head, anil lay down to slumber. Joe stood at the fire for a short time longer soli loquizing, and did not move till the heavy breathing of Hamlin told that the warHjth of .the fire had induced the drowsy god to furnish his necessary panacea. The hawker, after refilling his pipe, went back to the cart and found that his wife and ’Tina had put up a small tent they carried for the latter’s accommodation. They were just about to retire as lie approached. “ How, then, my gal” said Joe, “you go whacks in the cart with my old woman, and I’ll sleep in the tent.” “Mr Parslaw,” said the brunette, “I’m always used to having my own way, particu larly with the gentlemen, aqd I refuse point blank to rob your wife of your society. I.’nj used to a little roughing, and as there are plenty of blankets I feel sure I shall sleep like Mrs Parslaw also advised ’Tina to follow her‘husband's advice, but to no purpose. ’Tina retired to tile tout and was soon, as sliQ had expressed it, sleeping like a top. ‘ ” Where the tent was pitched was just at one side of a small bunch of mulga, that formed a sort of breakwiud. The timber that dotted the banks of the river was but scanty at most, vast plains extending in an easterly and westerly directions. Mrs Pars law, who was naturally anxious to know tho reason for her husband's apparent out-of sorts, besought him to come to bed. “I can’t for a bit, old woman, Paddy wants to clear out and I must watch him.” This, though an untruth, was the only excqso that suggested itself. Quietly taking his gun from the rack on tho off-side of tho cart ami getting ‘ the powder and caps from a small looker, lio again went near tho fire and carefully loaded it. He had no shot, but groping on the white clay soil which was much mixed with small round ironstones, he used these for that purpose. Hothing, however, occurred during his watch, and when ho thought it was about one o’clock, he awoke Hamlin, gave him the gun, anil went tQ bed. The bushman lit his pipe and made a detour of tho camp. Ho met with nothing that raised his suspicions. “That old chap might bo a believer ill ghosts. I never saw anything worse than myself, anyhow. Still the yam he told mo about that girl was curious. ” _ He again returned to the fire and feeling hungry determined on having a billy of tea and something to eat. For this purpose ho took tho billy-can ;uul proceeded to the river. He was just in tho act of stooping when a blow from a stick laid him senseless. 