. Sfcetcber. IN THE DEATH STATION. FI10JI THE RECOLLECTIONS OF A SIBERIAN FUGITIVE. I had lived four years as oxilo in Siberia, in the village of Balachca, when one night the opportunity came to escape with the horse nnd sleigh belonging to the inspector of the exiles. I flew out of tho village and all night long through solitary plains of snow without stopping. As dawn approached I saw a vil lage on my right, but fearing recognition and capture J. went on across toe enaiess wastes oi snow, after pausing down in a ravine to feed my horso and strengthen myself with brandy. On I wont, tho whole day without having seen a single human being. .Toward night my horso grow weary and soon oonld only walk. At last ho stood still, panting heavily. I was uneasy, for I feared if I remained quiot thero on tho plain, I 'might bo surprised either by wolves or by the in numerable tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, 1 did not know in what direction I had journeyed during the last hours, for I might havo approached the place I started from. For readiness in any case, I drow out two re volvers, also stolon from our inspector, charged each barrel with ball and laid them both before me. After my horse had stood awhile and eaten snow, he showed readiness to proceed. But .whither? I'did not know, nnd left it to the horse to go where he would. Ab soon as he felt the loose rein he turned at onee to tho left and went oil in a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darker till at last I could scarcely sco a step beforo me. But the horse seemed to trace something, for ho pointed his ears continually and looked steadily before bim. I also was watchful, and standing up in the sleigh, gazed straight ? ahead. But I saw and heard nothing, and was about to. sit down again when I suddenly perceived a point of light in the distanco. My horso also saw it and trotted faster for ward. This light might como from a farm house window, but it might also came from a firo built by wanderers in tho snowy desert. 'Bo it what it may,' I said to myself, 'I must get out of this uncertain situation though fall in with robbers.' Soon afterward I could discern the' outline of a great structure whioli stood alono in tho middle of the desert, and from whoso ono window tho rays ' of light shown. I was especially struck with the loneliness of the building and the smoko which camo from tho ono window. Afraid of boing observed, I drovo slowly and quietly up. stopped by tho back wall of tho strango building, fastened the horso to a post, throw a heap of hay bofote him, and then stole cautiously and noise lessly up to tho window whence tho light streamed. ~ Accustomed to tho darkness, my eyes could at first distinguish nothing of the intorior ; it was only after some minutes that I realized tho picture presented to my view. Bnt this, sccno was so frightful that my blood curdlcd in my veins, my hair rose on end and a cold sweat broke out on my brow. The whole interior of tho bnilding was filled with smoko which rose from a burning pile of logs in tho centre. Round this firo sat three men whose faces had a fantastic look in the red glow of tho fire. Near tho hearth, in tho loose boards of the floor, a great opening was visible, from which six men, one aftor another, soon came out, and eaoli boro a stiffened human corpse I Tho bodies were wrapped only in linen, and were chalk-white from frost. The bearers woro peasants' dress, and were robust fellows with rough, repulsive faces. Two of tho men sitting round the fire were dressed in city clothes, whilo the third ap peared like a butcher; ho wore a blub apron, had his sleeves rolled up and held a great knife in his hand. Whon the six peasants entered with their dreadful burden, tho three stepped back from tho firo, 'and tho six corpses were put in their place, erect round tho Jiile of logs liko candles 1 It was a horrible sight for me 1 The firo glared upon tho white forms of the dead, while over their heads ,tlie black smoke gathered. I distinguished among them four men, a woman and a boy. One of the male corpses had a beard of extraordinary length. When the bodies wero somewhat thawed they were taken by the peasants from the firo and laid on tho floor on the outspread linen. At tho same moment tho ' butcher' wont up to the corpses with his great knife and thrust it deep in the abdomen of the ono nearest him. I could not explain to myself tho mean ing of this wholo scene. I simply stared, and saw how with almost indifference tho ' but cher' ripped open the abdomen, took out tho insides, carved, divided, and showed to the city dressed men, and then thrust again into the body belonging to them. I had often in iny life witnessed torriblo events, but what I saw hero went beyond all human conception. It seemed to be that all this .was moro a fantasy of my wearied brain than a reality. I remembered how authors of horrible tales after presenting a train of im possible, unheared of occurrences' and exciting the reader's curiosity to the highest degree, suddenly broko off with tho simple sentence : ' I walked up, the bright sunshine, etc.' What happened in romances might be in reality. I rubbed, my eyes, looked, tried to collect my thoughts, in vain 1 I did not sleep, I saw, I heard, I breathed I Before mo tho wall of tho awful building, blackened by tlio eternal storms ; near mo my tethered horso, and my sleigh ; all about me a boundless wasto ot snow; above mc tho sullen, clouded Siborianheavens. What should I do ? I thought to myself. Should I fiy ? But where ? Or should I penetrate into the house and shoot down theso deseerators of the dead? Terrified, benumbed, I stood there half dead and did not know what to decide upon. At lastl concluded to abandon this unlucky post of observation. I wanted to steel softly to my sleigh again and run up and down, but my feet refused to serve mo. I tried to scream out ; my voice died in my throat. An impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts, para lyzed my will. I already began to doubt tho correctness of my judgment. I could not understand who I was, who these dreadful people were, what was the object of their torriblo doings. Finally tho moment came, the one moment in my life whon I began to believe in a supernatural world, in ghosts or myBtic sorcery. But this moment did not last long. Then, as I, so porplexed, mused and stared within, I suddenly felt someone from be hind seize me by my fur collar and roar fear fully at mo. Like a broken straw I dropped without a sound and knew no more that hap pened to me. When I recovered my consciousnoss and opened my eyes, I lay in the snow while the two men in city clothes rubbed my forehead with snow and tried to revive and encourage me. ' You are frightened, my friend,' one of them said to mo. 'Do not fear; we will do nothing to you. We are doctors and here only in tho discharge of our duty.' ' Yes — but the corpses.' I could soarcely utter the words. 'The corpses, brother,' one of the mon re plied, ' are of the peasants in this region who died of cholera, and hero in tho Death Station we have dissected thom. By accident you witnessed the most repugnant work of our office. Such a sceno is offensive to anyone, but most so to those who have never before seen it. If it is agreeable to you to travel with us to the next post-station, it will give us great pleasure,' concluded the amiable doctor. But I thanked him for his invitation, pleaded a pressing business journey, climbed then with tho assistance of both doctors into my sleigh, and rode swift as an arrow off and away. I breathed freely when I felt myself alone again on the plains, but I was long agitated by what I had seen in the Lonely Death Station. In Siberia sudden deaths frequently occur, but there in such a case they may not inter the body without its inspection by the police and a post mortem examination by physicians ; but the number of doctors in Siberia is insuffi cient, so, between tho solitary villages so called Death Stations are erected, to which the dead are brought and placed in cold cellars built for |thcm, remaining there till a police and medical commission arrives and examines them. Thon, only, are they separately con veyed to their lonely burial places and in terred. Thus I was the involuntary witness of such a judicial post mortem, and I shudder even now whon I recall that night during my flight from Siboria. — From the German. 