GOOD FRIDAY WITH GENERAL BOOTH. When I got out of the train at Hackney on Good Friday morning there was no need to af=k any one the way to Clapton, the headquarters of the Salvation Army. In front of me was a small party of decently-dressed people in the humbler walks of life. One of them wore a neat little chip black bonnet, a blue serge dress, with a 6hawl round her neck, just revealing a little bit of red. She had a small basket of prog in her hand, and, said I to myself, that young person, if not one of the General's cadets, is at any rate in training for one, if I follow her I can't go far wrong. It is rather a winding way, but I kept my eye on the chip bonnet, and in due time reached the Conference Hall, where, at the time, were a few of the e police, who, somehow or other, seem to be required wherever the General and bis followers put in an appearance. The meeting was to commence at half-past 10, but at that time the hall was not full, and it was not till nearly 11 that the General made his appearance, rushing down to the table at the bottom amidst demonstrations of applause, and getting on it to tell his friends that he was quite well, as he hoped they were, only a little light in the pockct. Hardly had he said this when Mrs. Booth and her daughters were seen making their way to the table also, and again there was immense applause. It seems part of the regulations that the army are to shout and clap their hands and scream Amen when the General or any of his family are to be seen. While this is going on I look aroHnd. On the benches behind the General are ranged the m<?n with the harp and the brass violin, and behind these are the buglers and higher up the drummers and th standard-bearers, who are in moments of excitement to wave their banners. On each side of the table are the cadets. The females behind me play accordeons, and on the other side are the males. They seem to act as a body-guard for the General and his family and the officers, all seated together to gee the steam up and to give the time to the meeting. Beyond them are benches rising to the ceiling, almost covered with a mass of spectators^ chiefly of the working class, while here and there the red guernsey of an officer gives a little relief to the otherwise sombre scene. Iron pillars support the roof, partly of glass, through which now and then the sunshine finds its way. It is «n enormous mass of people, undoubtedly come out of curiosity or to have their feelings aroused. Nor did they come in vain. To such the ordinary services of the sanctuary are of little avail. Between them and the people who go to church or chapel there is a wide gulf. It is not for me to find fault, unedifying as a good deal of the Salvationist routine appears to me. The noise makes my headache. The horrible grimaces of the officers aud men frighten me, but here are six or seven thousand people who enjoy it all, and many of whom, if not here, might be on the road to ruin. I can only wonder ; Mr. Booth has his way, and that way attracts a public who take little interest in ordinary religious forms, and retains them as well ss attracts. One of the first words that Mr. Booth uttered was to the effect that, whereas some of the Christian papers said the Salvation Army was going down, he was happy to say that it never was more prosperous than at the present time; aud Mr. Booth is right. The meeting on Good Friday was certainly a convincing proof of the efficacy of his means in the way of propagating Christianity outside the church-; but Mr. Booth is a man of his own order. No ordinary man can take the liberty Mr. Booth can. No respectable congregation could 6tand being told to siDg the verse with their eyes shut, or with an arm held up, or with a flourish of trumpets or a waving of pocket handkerchiefs. Surely time must come when Mr. Booths followers themselves will tire of such demonstrations After all there is a great sameness in the whole affair. On Good Friday, after a few preliminary remarks from Mr. Booth, we had a hymn about full Salvavation. Then came the comment. Mr. Booth 6aid, " he knew a way to heaven without calling in the doctor or undertaker and his mutes. When tbe New Jerusalem came into the heart that was heaven—heaven upon earth. It was no extravagance to say so. The Master said the kingdom of heaven was at band. Thank God, it is here. When God was in the heart there was the kingdom of heaven. There were some people who did not believe in God—I do," said Mr. Booth, loudly. Here there were "Amens," which were louder still when the General added, " And I believe in you!" The Christian papers, he said, found fault with his preaching. It was all faith and feeling. He had faith in God. He enjoyed this feeling—("Amen")—but he believed in doing as well as feeling. They wanted to be liappy ; they did not want to walk into tke river—they mu6t have salvation hen. The kingdom of God was not meat or drink, nor form nor faith, nor feeing, but righteous-' ness, and peace, and5 joy. After this there was an interval <}f prayer, one in the crowd leading off, fallowed by an officer. Mies Kooth here 6png a solo, Mr. Booth commenting in his usual style. They wanted their heartfe filled with the Holy Ghost. " Oh, Lord!" said he, " shine on us—shine on us. We can't be wrong wanting to be like God—wanting to be like Jesus. Holy; Ghost, come down here—come dow» on these officers; come down on these cadet6!" Then a man in a red guernsey sang. Then, warming up, lie told us the Holy Ghost was there. He wis not a candidate for Heaven, but was already there. Then he sang again. Then he said the Lord had converted him, and dwelt on salvation, sanctification, and satisfaction. He was followed by Mr. Booth, who read part of the xxvii. chapter of Matthew, remarking that they were going to have an all-day meeting. He liked all-night meetings, for then they got away from the rush and hurry of the worid. He hoped something miraculous would happen that day. There were two classes of sinners—those who hoped they would be right in the end, and those who were in despair. Then he went on to speak of the death of Christ as dying for Lim ; of His coming down from heaven to effect the salvation of the sinner here and hereafter: of His blood as an atonement for our sin6. There were difficulties in the way—we had broken God's law. Christ removed tbe obstacle. All be had, all he hoped, came from the love of God. "God is more willing to save me than I am to be saved. I am saved, and then he tells me to- be the Saviour of others. The blood of Christ will destroy the never-dying worm, and pntout the fire that can never be quenehed. God says,' I will take away the memory of past transgressions, and destroy the power of passions.' Christ might have come merely to pardon, but He did more; He rame to give me a new life." One of the officers followed with another hymn, the verses of which were sung over, as was the case witli all the other hymns, Mr. Booth now and then saying a word as he walked ronnd the tabic. "I am not betrothed about the decrees," Baid he. " I believe in a Saviour for every man and every sin." It is impossible to describe tbe scene; the General perpetually talking, the people all shouting out" Ameo!" the hyuin6 with tbe chorusses ever being sung, while banners waved, and the boss band blew, till one felt as if one was going down the Channel in aq eqtUVQctiBi gale, Mr. Disraeli fetid of Sir Robert Peel that ho played upon the Honse of Commons as if it was an old fiddle. Over his people evidently Mr. Booth possesses a similar power. In this respect he is only surpassed by his wif«, who then delivered one of thote wonder ful speeches to which few can listen untouched. Few left till that lady sat down. Then there a slmri interval for refreshment, and again the proceedings were resumed. But, alas! I could stand •0 more of it. The spirit might be willing, but at any rate tiie flish was weak. It this is the sort of thing that reaches the masses, it is easy to understand how they remain unaffected by the ordinary preaching of the Gospel. I can quite understand how Bome people object to prayers and aidresses shouted foith, accompanied by a vehement working of the arms, and with Hallelujah Chorus to every other sentence. Such people are out of place in the Salvation Army, which is a growing power, whatever the Church or the world say, or think, or do. Mr. Booth plays to the gods; ordinary preachers to the boxes and tbe pit— CHRISTOPHER CBATON, in the Christian World. 