The new Parliament of Victoria has met ; Mr. Lalorwas re-elected Speaker without opposition ; the state and strengh of parties in the "House is now known, but who will act as His- Excel- lency's advisers is a question which re mains to be solved. It is perfectly clear that the late Ministry does not com mand a majority in the House ; it must be patent to Sir Bryan that several honourable members who supported him through every political casualty in the last session have completely de serted him and his colleagues, yet in the face of these truths the Premier clings to office tLfe' same as an opossum hangs by its tain to a limb of a tree. He would appear to be reluctant to " yield up the ghost,"- notwithstanding the fact that the Constitutionalists, who kept him in power, prior to the general elec'.ion, in caucus assembled, resolved to throw the O'Loghlen G-overnment overboard. But even this course of pro cedure would seem to have not the slightest result upon Sir Bryan ; it mat ters not what is done in order to sever connections with the dofunctMinistry, all goes to no purpose, and has no more effect than water which is thrown upon a duck's back. And such conduct is all the more foolish when we consider that the Ministry has been beheaded, in the defeat of the Premier; it is now a head less trunk in the House, sans a. leader, sans a following, sans measures, sans everything, and then the members of the Ministry refuse to place their resig nations in the hands of the Governor, and allow those politicians with a work ing majority behind them to proceed with the business of the country. Rela tive to the O'Loghlen Government, we have ever since its accession to office stood by it. Certainly we have raised our voice pro. aud con upon occasions about the Ministry, which w»s onlv our duty, and, despite the many accusations of a dissatisfied public, who would like a change of Government, we woufld desire that Sir Bryan, with one or two alter ations in his Oabiuet, should again oc cupy the Treasury Benches. But things impossible cannot be performed in mun dane affairs, and, realising this, Sir Bryan should, with good feeling, in struct Mr. Grant, who is at present, in the absence of the Premier, the repre sentative of the Government in the House, to give way in favour of a strong Ministry which oould be formed ; and in the meantime, during the forma tion and re-election of the Ministry, Sir Bryan ought to endeavour to obtain a seat. There is no doubt that if he had heen elected last week he would have held a responsible seat in the Cabiuet about to be formed, but such was not the case, therefore be should graciously bow to the voipe member that. qbstinaoy is the heroism of little minds. A coalition of parties is talked of, and according to our metropolitan exchanges, Mr. Service during the week has inter viewed Mr. Berry with that purpose in view. Not a few honourable mem bers have positively refused to sit in the rear and support such a Ministry. This step will be taken in consequence of the absurdity of the proposal, and those gentlemen in the Assembly who object to a coalition deserve the thanks of the community at large. Although the ma jority of the Press are for Messrs. Ser vice and Berry combining parties, we shall join the minority, and fearlessly state what we think of it. It is argued that since the great reform of the Con stitution has passed both Houses there should not be found men apply ing to them selves the designation of Conservatives, or the appellation of " Liberals." This is all very well so far. as it goes, but was it only the subject of Reform that was a " burning question" and which upset the equanimity of our legis lators? We answer in the negative. And this settled, it would appear that some members think it inevitable that parties should combine, which in jour humble opinion is, to say the least, simply ridiculous. Is the Laud question, which will divide parties, settled ? Have the various commissions con cluded taking evidence ? Has the Pay ment of Members question been de finitely dealt with ? Compensation to members for services rendered to the country expired with the last Parlia ment, and a hew measure dealing with remuneration to the representatives of the colony must be brought in. Are the Constitutionalists and " Liberals" unanimous on this question! Echo replies " No." The above' subjects, all must ad mit, have been next to burning questions in the past, and there are Con- , stiturioualisfc and Radical points in each of them. So we are not sufficiently far advanced in the House to form a coali tion Ministry. If this be done, what be comes of the principles for which we have been fighting for years ? Why should the lion and the lamb repose side by side because Mr. Service has re turned to Victoria and re-entered the political arena, and desires to amalga mate forces? Hitherto parties have been opposed in everything. As far as the east is from the west did they differ upon all bills. And they are now pre pared to eat out of the same pot, and driuk out of the same bowl. Strange, wonderfully strange, and surpassing coincidence. But may it never come off. Why should Mr Service seek the co-operation of a man similar to Mr. Berry, who has been noted for his ex tremes in every matter hq took in hand; who has been rejected by the country, aud who was virtually defeated at Gee- lohg f We care not what Mr. Berry says about his moderation ; what is in the blood must show itself in the flesh, and so with the old member for Geelong. If. parties unite, the noises and the , squabbles will be at the Cabinet table, and not in the House as heretofore. We are for good legislation, but we do not consider that political events have been left long enough to ripen and be come so sweet and pleasant that a com bination should take place, and whomso ever lends himself to bring it about will " sell his birthright for a mess of pottage." Undoubtedly, Mr Service hag a majority in the House, and let him take advantage of it. There are 33 Mini sterialists in the House who would support him, and there are 10 Constitu tionalists who are classed as Opposition ists who would afford him every possible assistance, and besides this there are a number of hon. members in the corner who would be willing to throw in their lot with him. So let Mr. Service form a Miniqtry out of his own following, and let them bring in a Civil Service Reform Bill, a bill for the Better Ma nagement of our State Railways, a Harbour Trust Bill, a Mining on Pri vate Property Bill, an Electoral Bill, a measure for the Conservation of Water, and so forth. Let him and his Minis try the experiment, and " we shall see what we shall see," peace and tran quillity will reign, and wobetide to those members who would exhibit the slightest penchant to obstruct those mea sures. This is the proper course to pursue, and if only tried will be found to work admirably. May it be so ! The first session of the twelfth Parlia ments Victoria was opened by commis sion on Tuesday last, the Chief .Justice, Sir William Stawell and Mr. Justice Moles- worth, acting as commissioners. The whole of the proceedings were devoid of anything remarkable, and the eutire cere mony, including the swearing in of new members lasted but an hour. As soon as this part of the business had been disposed of, Mr Service moved, and Mr Berry seconded, the nomination of Mr Laio'r for re-election as Speaker during the next Parliament. Both the hon. members re ferred to the able and dignified manner, in which Mr Lalor filled the position in the 1SS0-B Parliament. Mr Gillies, who was spoken of as' an aspirant for the high office, at the last moment refused to allow any one to nominate him. Rumours asserted on Monday that Mr Grant intended offering himself, but they proved to be incorrect and groundless. There being no opposition, Mr. Lalor, who was re-eleoted, was con ducted to the chair by Messrs Service and Berry. Mr Lalor returned thanks' for the great honour conferred upon him, and also spoke in complimentary terms of the officers in the House, who had greatly assisted him in the past. Iq the absence of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Mr Grant, on behalf- of the Mdnish'y, congratulated the newly- elected Speaker. The state of parties in 33; the House was as follows Ministerial, Opposition, 45. Eight members were absent. At the Avoca Police Court on Monday afternoon last, before Messrs. E. X. Heales and W. Goodshaw, J'sP., Annie Shiell of Homebush, was charged, at the instance of Tier husband, with being a lunatic. Mr Suiell staled in evidence that his wife had for some time past been suffering from all rnaonor of hallucinations, whilst her con duct was of an extremely erratic character. The an fortunate woman was under the im pression that she had no stomach, and therefore absolutely refused to partake of any food, and was also under the.impres.sion. that she was followed by persons who in tended taking her life. The testimony of the two medical witnesses — Drs. Morris and M'Mahon — went tq prove conclusively that Mrs Shiell was nor„ compos mentis. She was ordered to be sent to the Ararat Luna tic Asylum, whither she was taken by Mr. Shiell on Wednesday afternoon last. At the annual Meeting of the St. John's Church, Avoca, which was held recently, a balance-sheet of the Sunday School in con nection with the Chnrch was read, aud pro nounced by the members to be very grati fying. It showed that the receipts for. the past year had been £23 Is 5d, and that £10 os hud been collected by Misses Sweet, Stowe, Young aud Smith, and for whose services the members of the Church returned their sincerest thanks. The collections in the Sunday School on behalf of charitable objects, and the furthering of missionary labours amounted to £9 10s. Foremost amongst the expenditure we notice that £3 63 Id was expended in prizes. The sum of £i lis lOd coufcributed to the Aborigues mission ; £3 12s towards the India mission; and £l lis lOd sent to the Chinese mission, whilst £1 2s Qd was forwarded to the committee of the Melb- bourne Protestant Orphan Asylum, there fore those residents who contributed to the funds of the school last year should be stimulated to do so again during the ensu ing twelve mouths, especially so, when the good causes to which the mouey was de voted are made known. In answer to a correspondent re Sir Bryan O'Loghlen as to whether he was titled before coming to Victoria, we beg to inform J. W. that he received his title on the death of his brother about the year 1877, aud some considerable time after his arrival in Australia. Mr Goffett, late accountant of the Bank of Victoria at Murchison, and successor to Mr G. J. Beath. arrived in Avoca yesterday, and immediately com menced his duties at tlio bank. Considerable excitement is manifested on the result of the cricket match to be played to-morrpw between the Homebush and Avoca clubs. The contending teams have already played two matches during the season, each scoring a win, and conse quently they are now straining every nerve for the final struggle. The following wjll represent the local ciub, and from the bril liant display of batting made last Safurdaj' against Karalulup, it is expected they will give a good account of themselves : — D.ayies, Daly, Hammill, Kersall, Keenan, Macadam, Paten, Tilley, Taylor, Whalley, and Whitley. Emergency, Arkins. Notwithstanding the great quantity of rain which has fallen during the last day or two the fires on the. Pyrenees are still burning. The election of a member for the Mary borough Mining Board, (Dunolly Division) toot place on Saturday last. The candi- . dates were : — Mr. Robert Ritchie, who ob tained 301 votes, and Mr. William Henry Langler, who polled 261 votes. The former was elected. The following gentlemen were returned unopposed -Mr. James McKinstry, Amherst Division; Mr. Thomas Wilson Cosh, Wedderburn Division ; and Mr. Thomas Seaver, St. Arnaud Division. The returning officer's declaration appears elsewhere. The dry weather which has prevailed in this district for the last few months was broken by. a welcome downpour. of rain that commenced to fall early on Tuesday even-" ing, aud which continued almost all the night, and nearly the whole of the follow ing day. Householders are pleased at the downfall, inasmuch as water for some time past had to be carted for domestic purposes. Farmers are jubilant, because it will render the ground fit to immediately commence ploughing operations, and dairymen are re joicing on account of it being the means of causing the grass to grow, which will make feed for their cattle. The weather since the rain has bein extremely bleak and wintry. Tenders are invited by the Shire Coun- cil tor gravelling y reet wide and 4 inches deep the formed portion of the ro?.d in the Parish of Rathscar between Grave's and O'Connell's. Particulars will be foqnd elsewhere. Mr W. P. Gilbert announces in our advertising columns that this is tfie last week of his great clearing sale. Mr. Tlios. Langdon, M.L.A., returns thanks in another column to the electors of Avoca for having again returned him as on8 of its representatives. Tenders are invited for. the erection of a wooden porch, and also for repairing State School, 1459, Amherst. Tenders must be sent in not later than Saturday, the 10th March. It was stated in political circles last week that several honourable members had offered to resign their seats in favour of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, but no action would be taken until after the swearing in of members. This has been done, yet no resignation has been placed in the hands of the Speaker. Mr J. J. Madden, the newly-elected member for Belfast, was mentioned as one of the gjntlemen who would give up his seat in order that the Premier may re-enter the House, but the Warrnambool Standard says that his con stituents would be against such a step, and mentions that Mr. Madden is too much iu earnest to do anything of the kind, and he has therefore definitely declined to be made a convenience of in this waj-. So the only alternative for Sir Bryan is to wait pationtlj until i.ia Ministry Lias been ousted, a new Miuistry formed, and when the members of which are seeking re-election, for him to oppose the weakest member. By so doing, he may again have a seat in the House. Three, deaths from typhoid fever occur red last week at Carisbrook, all the victims dying within forty-eight hours. The fever is still raging at that place. The character of the illness from which Morley, the English professional bowler, has been suffering since his arrival in Aus tralia, was not ascertained until Tuesday last, when it was found that one of his ribs was broken, an injury that he sustained on board the R.M.S. Peshawur, when that steamer collided with another vessel dur ing the voyage, of the English cricketers out here. The. Sydney Daily Telegraph on Tuesday last contained the following paragraph re lative to the. elopement of Mrs St. John, daughter of Sir Hercules Robinson, with Major Stephenson the late Governor of New South Wales : — "Private letters have been received by the mail just arrived, which cannot but fail to give pain to the very numerous friends of his Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, who was for six years one of our most popular Governors. It appears that some two months prior to the departure of Sir Hercules from the Cape of Good' Hope, Lady Robinson and her daughter Mrs St. John left for England in advance of their "husbands. - Sir Her cules aud Major St. John bis son-in-law and aide-de-camp followed in due course, but the younger lady was fikle towards her spouse, and when she heard of his depar ture from the Cape though fit to; elope with a Major Stephenson who bad been paying her considerable attention. When Sir Hercules and Major St. John arrived in London the guilty pair had flown. The unfortunate affair caused considerable excitement in colonial circles in London, and great sympathy was expressed for Sir Hercules."- ' During the past 10 days the society in the quiet agricultural district of Tooleen has been provided with a topic for conver sation which is rarely accorded to rural districts. An elopement of a couple whose united ages amount to over 100 years, is not a very frequent occurrence, more-so when the " guileless tnaiden" is a grand mother, and the " blushing swain" tho father of marriageable sons "and daughters. How ever, it is a fact that such an elopement has taken place. The female, although in the autuui of life, is described to be a very handsome woman, and her mate was a farmer residing in the neighborhood of Tooleen. A few days after the disappear ance the deserted husband and the deserted yyife met promiscuously in Sandhurst, both being 011 the' same errand — searching for the missing couple. Although nearly two weeks have elapsed since they turned their back on the rustic associations of Tooleen, nothing has been heard of the errant pair, exceptiug that they were seen to enter the Sandhurst train at Goornoug. It is almost needless to say that information of their whereabouts would be most acceptable by n. wronped wifn nnd a. ' llfnVa n nn nf husband . — Bendigo Advertiser. One of the most satisfactory features of the election is the expulsion of Mr H. R. Williams from Mandurang. We were quite satisfied that his time had come, and that the poor rat was in the throes of death. We don't wish to kiok his cold carcase, but we really cannot assume a political mourn ing, or profess a sorrow which we do not feel. So far from it, we are bound to say we rejoice exceedingly at his discomfiture. He may come up again to the surface, but the scent of him, like that of the broken flower vase, will hanff round him still. — . JBepdigo Advertiser. - During the last few days it has been discovered by the authorities of the Co lonial Bank, in Elizabeth-street, Melbourne, that a considerable sum of money is missing from the cash entrusted to one of the pay ing tellers. Inquiries having been made, the matter was reported to the detective po lice, and they are gow engaged in investi gating the case. In the meantime the teller has been suspended from duty. Bpth the detectives and tho bank officials are very reticent about the affair, and decline to give any particulars. The Kyneton Guardian, in speaking of the disgraceful act of the Radical League in upholding the candidature of Mr G. J. Sands, fcr Dalhousie, condemns the dicta- ion of Melbourne politicians to country constituencies. It says : — " The fact is, too much importance is attached to the mani festo of self- appointed political juntos dic tating from Melbourne which candidate should be voted for in the. country. W"e have seen these dictatorial manifestoes is sued, and when we have visited the metro polis the signatories have been pointed cut to us wandering the streets with their toes pointing through their boots, and subsisting on stray half-crowns. We are opposed to dictation in political matters. Let candi dates come before their constituents on the > public platform, explain their views, and leave the result to them without outside in fluence. Ou Tuesday night the Treasurer received a telegram from the Agent-General in Lon don saying that the prospects of the loan were fair. ' There is, however, still some small opposition. amongst the stock brokers, "but" tlie very favourable Terms offered by the Government have created a good impres sion. genorally, and there can be little doubt that the loan will be a success. The terms of deferred payments for the balance of the loan are, 10 per cent, on the day of allot ment, March 6 ; 10 per cent on April 10 ; 30 per cent, on May 10 ; and 50 per cent, (the balance) on June 20. Of the amount of £600,000, which was taken up when the loan was first offered on January 9, £50,000 was taken by the Commercial Bank, which shortly after realised £20,000 at a profit of f per cent., and last week they sold the ba lance of £30,000 at a profit of per cent. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen therefore considers it likely that a premium will be received from the balance of the loan on Monday. It is expected that the London agents of a Mel bourne financial institution are likely to tender for a considerable amount. Miss Maggie Moore is now residing at her house at Miller's Point, Sydney, overlook ing the harbour. She has definitely made up her mind to retire from the Mel bourne stage. Her health has much im proved since she came to Sydney. Tuesday's Ararat Advertiser says : — " A movement made on Eriday by a few of the friends of Mr. M'Lellan has resulted, we understand, in the payment of that gentle man's expenses during the recent election contest. Mr. M'Lellan's. victory has, there, fore, been greater than one would suppose at a first glauce, and we can congratulate him upon having been returned for the , electorate without having been put to one penny of expense." A most dreadful calamity took place on the Mooroopna Cricket-ground, on Satur day afternoon, while a friendly game was being played between teams representing Mooroopna and Shepparton. The Moo roopna men had just finished their innings, when Messrs. Clay and Eoy went to the wickets for Shepparton, Joseph St. Leger bowling. One of the first balls struck Clay fairly on the heart, killing liim instantly. At first his comrades thought it was a faint or swoou, but he never recovered conciousness — not even uttering a word or gfdaurTArrCtranes-oiaxvwieager-keeper in the bank of Victoria here, about twenty- eight years of age, and was regarded as the premier eri keter in the district. The aw ful suddeuess of the death has created a most painful sensation in the two town ships. An inquest was held on the body yesterday morning, when a verdict of acci dental death was recorded. The deceased was buried in the Shepparton Cemetery on Monday last, the service being con ducted by the Rev. J. Dawborn. At the Melbourne city court on Monday, James E. Moore, brother to the actress Miss Maggie Moore, was charged with assaulting Alfred Moul, musician and musical critic for the Age newspaper. The particulars of the assault have been already published. The complainant said he did not wish defendant send to prison, where upon the bench stated that but for this ex pression of opinion they would have sent defendant to. prison without the option of a fine. Defendant was fined 10 guineas with 10 guineas costs. Mary Pickett was (says an exchange) prosecuted last week before the Richmond Petty sessions for haviug cruelly ill-treated a cat. This estimable lady put a cat into a hot oven, where it remained until its colour was changed, and its back and head were burnt. She pleaded that she had been. drinking heavily, and merely put the cat in the oven to relieve its sufferings from "previous ill- treatment. On this the bencb discharged her. If a woman when drunk takes it into her head that a hot oven is a sort of a hospital for suffering cats, she must accept the consequences. Drunken ness, in such a case, is no sort of plea, whilst the mere assertion of belief that baking cats is a kindness to them is still less, if possible, of an excuse. Mr Disraeli, in speaking, hesitated much ' before bringing out some, telling and well prepared, adjective, he would ' er-er-er' for a minute or two, so as to make his hearers suppose that he was choosing between half- a-dozen words. And yet many of Mr Disraeli's most effective speeches were learnt by heart. Ho would give them to the Times reporter before delivered, and although the reporter followed the speech, pencil in hand, he seldom had to alter a single word, so. excellent was Mr Disraeli's memory. The Ministry has resolved not to resign, but to take the usual course, and await an amendment on the 'address in reply, which will probably be moved as soon as it is officially announced that the Government intend to proceed with business. Offers of strong support from the discontented Li berals and the dissatisfied Constitutionalists are said to have been made against the Berry-Service coalition, and with the view of ascertaining the position, of parties, the Ministry will take the opinion of the House. The trial of Robert Francis Burns for the. murder of Michael Qirinlivan, at Reedy Creek, near Wickliffe, commenced on Mon day last and was continuing yesterday. The evidence for the prosecution was con cluded, on Thursday, and there being no witnesses for the defence, eounsel ad dressed the jury, Mr Leon, who de fended the prisoner, finishing at half-past seven p.m. His Honour commenced summing up this morning, and the verdict is expected to be known this evening. The evidence against the prisoner is purely cir cumstantial, and the defence is based on the grounds that the body has not been identified as that of Michael Quinlivin, and that there ig nothing to prove prisoner guilty of murder. A little seven-year-old girl said," Uncle JAorace. eight and seven makes fifteen, don't they Yes."-" Then " said she, " it's only eight years before I shall hare a beau, and — Oh, I dread it !" 