The Storyteller. Donal Grant CHAPTER XLIV. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &C.;, &C.; WHATEVER Lady Arctura might decide con cerning the restoration of the chapel for the light of day, Donal thought it would not be amiss for him, without mentioning it to her, or troubling her nervous nature with further strain of anxious investigation, to find out what he could about the relations of the place to tho rest of the house: in any case to cerao that would be something gained. It favoured his wish that the next day Arctura was prevailed upon by the housekeeper to remain in bed, and so recover from the fatigue and loss of sleep of the previous nights; the reaction from their excitement was great exhaustion. Her strong will, good courage, and trusting heart had made severe demands upon an organisation as delicate as it was responsive: in part by wondrous variety of combination does God work out his lovelily differing men and women. So, that being Saturday, he resolved to go down alone that afternoon, telling no one, and explore. First of all he would try to open the door on a level with the little gallery. As soon as he was free, therefore, he got the tools he judged likely to be necessary, and went down. The door was of strong sound oak, with ornate iron hinges going all across it. He was on the better side for opening it, that is the inside, but, though the ends of the hinges and their bearing pins in the wall were exposed, he soon saw that the door was so well within the frame that it was useless to think of heaving the former off the latter. The lock and its bolt were likewise exposed to his examination and attack; they were huge, and the key waa on the other side and in the lock, so that he could not have picked it liad ho been more of a locksmith than he was ; whilo the nails that fastened it to the door were so hard fixed that he was compelled to give up the idea of removing it; they were probably riveted through a plate of iron on the other side. But there was the socket into which the bolt shot—merely an iron staple. He might either force this out with a lever if he could find one strong enough and could manage to apply it, or, which was the more hopeful way, he might file it through. He would try the latter mode; when he had roughly removed the scales of rust with which it was caked he found its thickness considerably less than it seemed, and set himself to the task of filing it through, first on the top and then at the bottom. It was a slow bat a sure process, and would bo in less danger of being heard than any more violent one. But, although it was yet for a time broad daylight outside, so like midnight was it, and the season that belongs to the dead, that he was haunted with the idea that there was a presence behind him. But he would not turn his head to Bee, for he felt that if he were once to yield to the inclination he would be stopping every moment to satisfy himself that he was alone— so far at least as his senses could tell him. He ■ knew also, from old childish experience, that the way to meet the horrors of the imagination is to yield not one hair's breadth to Their in trusions and suggestions; so not once while lie worked did he turn his head. The work was very slow—the impression he made on the hard iron with the worn file only, enough to prevent him from throwing it aside asl useless. He went on at it for a long time until' at last weariness began to invade him, and with' that the sense of his situation grew more keen. , He did not go back that night, but went in stead to thetown to buy a new and more suit able file. The next day was Sunday. It was night on the Monday before Donal again went down into the hidden parts of the castle. Arctura had come to the schoolroom,! but seemed ill able for her work, and Donal would not tell her what he was doing there, for fear of making her think of things it was better should drift further away in the past of her memory. But he was certain she would never be quite herself until the daylight entered the chapel, and all the hidden places of the house were open to the air of God's world. So he thought he would this time for her sake encoun ter the powers of darkness in their own hour; he woufd not have her know; and besides he was desirous of entirely overcoming the weak ness that rendered it possible for him to be every now and then afraid. And this time he was less assailed—by the ghosts of fears rather than by the fears them selves—neither was he in any way greatly dis turbed. With his now file he had made better work than before, and had soon finished cutting through the top of the staple. Trying it then with a poker he had brought down for a lever, he broke the bottom part across, and there was nothing to hold the bolt; with a little creaking noise of rusty hinges the door slowly opened to his steady pull on the lock. He threw the light of his candle into the space unclosed; there was nothing as it appeared but a close screen or wall of plank. When he gave it a push, however, it yielded; it was close fitting, and without any fastening. It disclosed a small hanging closet or press—on the opposite side of which was another door. This lie could not at once open. Plainly, however, it was secured with merely a small common lock, such as is on any cupboard, and it cost him little trouble to force it The door opened outwards; he looked in, and saw a little room of about 9ft. by 7ft. Casting a hasty glance around, he entered. There was in it nothing but an old-fashioned secretary or bureau, not so old, it struck him at «nee, as that he had seen in Morven House in the town, and a seat like a low music-stool before it. "It may have been a vestry for the priest," thought Donal, "but it must have been used much later than the chapel, for this desk is not much older than the one at the Mains, and I once heard Mistress Jean say that was made for her grandmother!" How did it first get into the little place ? He looked all round; the walls were continuous; there was not, there could not be, another door! Above the bureau was a little window in one—or it seemed to be a window, but it was so overgrown with dirt that he could not certainly tell whether it was more than the blind show of an eye with a wall behind it; but door certainly there was not. It might get through the oak door behind, but it could not, he thought, have reached that through any of the passages he had come through; and if there had been any wider approach in that direction surely it had been built up long before this piece of furniture was made. If his observations and reasonings were correct, it followed that there must, and that not so very long ago, havo been another entrance to the place in which he stood. There might bo something.in the bureau to reveal now it had come there, or at least to show about what time it had been left there. He turned to look at the way he had himself entered; it was through a common-looking press of painted deal, that filled up the end of the little room, which there narrowed to about oft. When the door in the back of it was shnt, it looked merely the back of the press. He turned again to tho bureau. There was a strange feeling at his heart. But he never thought whether or not he had a right to look into it: he felt himself all the time acting merely and only in tho service of Lady Arc tura. Besides, why should he imagine any body's secret there? Nobody alive, he would have said to liimself, had the question come to him, could know of this chamber! Tho bureau stood open—that is, with tho cover down, and on it lay writing papor, some of it in large sheets, some of quite modern aspect and size, but all stained with dust and age and blots. A pen lay with them, and beside was a glass ink-bottle of the commonest type, iv which the ink had dried into cakes and flakes. He took upone of the sheets with a great stain on it. Why did he look at it so ? The bottle must have been overturned! But was it ink ? No; it could not be ? It stood up too thick on the paper. With a gruesome shiver Donal wetted his finger, and tried the surface of it: a little came off, and looked of a faint suspicious brown. What was written on the paper? He held the faded lines close to the candle, and tried to decipher them. It was not difficult! He sat down on the stool, and read thus—his reading broken by the spot which had for tho present obliterated a part of the writing : there was no date: "My husband for such I will— blot— are in the sight of God— blot— men why are you so cruel what— blot— deserve those terrors—blot in thought have I— blot— hard upon me to think of another." Here the writing came below the blot, and went on unbroken. "My little one is gone and I am left lonely, oh so lonely ! I cannot but think that if you had loved me as you once did I should yet be clasping ray little one to my bosom, and you would have a daughter to comfort you after lam gone. I feel sure I cannot long survive this—ah, there my hand has burst out bleeding again; but do not think I mind it—l know it was only an accident. You never meant to do it, though you teased me by refusing to say so—besides it is nothing. You might draw every drop of blood from my body and I would not care, if only you would not make my heart bleed se. Oh it has gone all over my paper, and you will think I have done it to let you see how it bleeds—but I cannot write it all over again— it is too great a labour and too painful to write, so you must see it just as it is. Bnt I dare not think where my baby is, for if I should be doomed never to see her because of the love I have borne to you and consented to be as you wished, if I am cast out f r*m ray God because I loved you more than Him I shall never see you again, for to be where I could see you would never be punishment enough for my sins." ' Here the writing stopped abruptly; the bleeding of the hand had probably brought it to a close, and it bad never been folded up and never sent, but lying there had lain there. He looked if he could anywhere find a date; there was none upon the sheet he had read. He held it up to the light, and saw a paper mark; and close by lay another sheet with merely a date, in the same handwriting, as if. the writer had been about to commence' another in lieu perhaps of the letter spoiled. He laid the papers thoughtfully down. How strange I an old withered grief looks almost as pathetic as an .old withered joy! But who was to say they were withered? The same who look upon death as an evil, yet regard it as the healer of Borrows! Who can tell how long a grief may last unwithered ? " Surely," thought Donal, " till the life heals it 1" He is a coward who would lose his sorrow by the mere lapse of time, the mere forgetting of a brain growing musty with old age. It la God' alone who can heal—the God of the dead and of the living! and the dead must find him, or be miserable for evermore!" He took a packet of papers from a pigeon hole of the desk, and undid the string round them; they were but bills, but they had plenty of dates! He had not a doubt left that the letter be had partly read was in the writing of the late wife of the present earl—wife as the had been considered, wife as, Donal was sure, she was to be called only by the world's courtesy and God's truth, not by the world's law. What was he to do now? He had thought he was looking into matters much elder—' things over which the permission of Lady: Arctura. by right extended, was enough, but now he knew differently. Still, the things he had discovered were only such as she had a right to know: though whether he was to tell1 her at once he would not yet make up his' mind. He put the papers back, took up his candle, and with a feeling of helpless dismay, such as had never before oppressed him, and which destroyed all sense of fear as he went, withdrew to his own chamber. When he reached the door of it, yielding to a sudden impulse, he turned away, went further up the stair, and out upon the roof. He turned and stood looking over the cold sea. Over his head the sky was full of shining worlds, most of them doubtless only inprocess' of making—to be mansions in the Father's house at last; and he thought, as he was often glad to think, that instead of our being^ at the end of things, where they are all growing old and drawing near to their final rest, we are but in the beginnings and on the threshold of creation ; that our Father is as young as ever he was, a God who, while he is the ancient of days, can yet never grow old; and that he who has filled the du\l unbelieving nations with food and gladness has a splendour of delight ever preparing for the souls which as constantly as he is creating as constanly is he educating and enlarging to the receiving and holding of his mighty ever-growing joy. Chapter XLV. "When are you going down again to the chapeL Mr. Grant?" said Lady Arctura, the next day after school. She was better, and had come again to lessons. " I want to go this evening—by myself, if you don't mind, my lady," he answered. " I want to find out all I can about it; but I can't' help thinking it would be better for you not to go down again till you are ready to order' everything to be cleared away between it and the open world. You can't stand the damp and bad air of the place. If I were you, I would havo it done, and say nothing till it was done" " I think it was rather the want of sleep that made me ill," she answered; " but you can do just as you please. You have as great a respect for what is old as I have myself, and I am not afraid of anything you will do." " I thank you for your confidence, my lady,* returned Donal. "I do not think you will repent it." *' I know I shall not." _ So again at night Donal went doarn—Hiis time chiefly Intent on learning whether there was any other way open out of it, and on vorifying its position in the castle, of which he had now a pretty good idea. He went nrat to tbo end of the passage parallel with the length of the chapel and turning round the west end of it, and there examined the signs he had before observed. You! sure enough those must be the outer ends of two of the steps of the great staircase, coming through and resting on the wall! That end of the chapel then was close to tho great spiral stair. Plainly, too, a door had been there built up in the process of constructing the stair. The chapel had not been entered from that level at least since the building of the great stair. Before that, there had probably bean an out side stair to this door, in an open court; and, if the chapel was rendered inaccessible before the spiral stair was built, one of the means waa probably the removing of the said stair. Finding no other suggested direction for inquiry, fie was on his way out, and already near the top of the stair in tho wall, thinking with himself that in the morning he would tain fresh observations outside, when up from behind, overtaking him as if sent after him from the regions he had left, came a blast of air, and blew out his candle. He shivered— not with the cold of it, though it breathed of underground damp and doubtful growths, but from a feeling of its unknown origin, and the thought whether it might not have come after him to make him go down again. Anyhow it seemed to indicate some opening to the outer air which he had not discovered. He made haste to light his candle, turned and again descended, carefully guarding it with one hand, and thinking as he went that, gruesome as that cold sigh seemed, coming as from » shut-up depth with which the world of light had nothing to do, its terror might be but the messenger, the outward and visible sign—nay, even the offspring—of something at hand to destroy fear and give rest. But might not the wind have been a draught down the shaft in which were stretched the music chords ? No, for in that case they would have loosed some light-winged messenger with itl It must come from lower at least than that, indicating some gap he had failed to find. If it would but come again when he was below! He crossed the little gallery, descended, and went into the chapel: it lay as still as a tomb; but because it was a tomb no more he felt as if it were deserted—as if some life had gone out of it! He looked all round it, searching closely the walls where he could reach, and staring as high as the light would show, bat could perceive no sign of possible entrance for the messenger blast. Bat just as he was leaving it the wind came again plainly along the little passage he had left but a few minutes ago. It kept blowing when he turned into it, and now he. thought it came upward* As he stooped to examine the lower parts of the passage his light was again blown out, and therewith he was surprised to find how much he had got over the terrors of the place. Any thing in the least unexpected might at once call them back, but in the meantime he had ceased almost to think of them. Having once more re-lighted his candle, he searched along the floor and the adjacent parts of tho walls, and presently found, close to the floor, in the inner wall—that is, the wall of the chapel itself—an opening that seemed to go down wards through it. But if that was its direction why had he not seen it inside the chapel? He then, thinking, recalled that, although from the landing-place of the Btair there was a step dowa into the chapel, there were three or four down to the passage, and concluded therefor* that this opening went down under the floor of the chapel—probably into a crypt, where not unlikely lay yet more dust of the dead: if there was here a way into that, he might be nearer a way out. The opening showed only a mere narrow slit, but there might be more of it under the floor; and among the slabs with which it was paved was one that went all the length of the slit. He would try to raise this one. That would want a crowbar. He would get one at once. Having got so far, ho could not rest till he knew more. It must bo very late. Would the people in the castle be in bed yet? He could not tell; ho had left his watch in his room. It might be midnight. He crept up again and out Dy his own turret stair, and so to the tool-house, which he found locked. But lying near was a half-worm shovel, which he thought might do; he would have a try with it. So, like one in a terrible dream of ancient ruins he is doomed to haunt, creeping through all sorts of mouldy and low-browed places, he went once more into tk© entrails of the house, and down to the place of its darkness. There, endeavouring to insert the sharp edge of the worn shovel in the gap between the stone he wanted to raiac and ooa next it, he succeeded even more readily than he had dared hope. He soon lifted it, dis closing the slope as of the bottom of a small window down into a place below. How desp the place might be, and whether it would be possible to get out of it again, he must try to discover before venturing down. There could be small risk of setting such a place on fire ; he took a letter from his pocket, and lighting it, threw it in. It fell and burned on some thing that looked like a small flat gravestone, with a skeleton carved upon it. The descent was little more than about 7ft., into what looked like a cellar. He hesitated no longer, but, blowing his candle out, and putting it into his pocket lest he should lose it, got into the opening, slid down the slope, and, all in the dark, dropped—with no further hurt than grazing his nose on tho wall as he descended. He then relighted his candle, and looked about him. There was the flat stone, about big enough for a child's grave, but with nothing like a skeleton upon it: it did look like a gravestone, but there was not even an inscription upon it. It lay in a vaulted place, unpaved, with a floor of hard-beaten oartb. Searching about the walls he soon caught sight of what looked like tho top of an arch rising' from the floor in one of them, as near as he could judge, just under the built-up door in the passage above. There was room enough to creep through. Ho crept, and found him self under the first round of the great, spiral stair. On the floor of tho small enclosed space at the bottom of its well was a dust-pan and a housemaid's brush—and there waa the tin* * The sole right of publication in Queensland of "Donal Grant" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. door at which they were shoved in, after their morning's use upon the stair. Through that he crept next: he was in the great hall of the house, from which the stair ascended. Afraid of being by any chance discovered, he put out his light, and proceeded up the stair in the dark. He had gone but a few steps when he heard the sound of descending feet. He listened and listened; they turned into the room on the stair. As he crept past it, he heard sounds which satisfied him that the earl was in the little closet behind it. Everything now came together in his mind; he hurried up to Lady Arctura's late sitting-room; thence descended, for the third time that night, to the old oak door, and entered the little chamber, and, hastening to the further end, laid his ear against the wall. Plainly enough he heard sounds—such sounds as he had before heard from the mouth of the dream-walking rather than sleep-walking earl. He was moaning, and calling in a low voice of entreaty after someone whose name never grew audible to the listener on the other side of the wall. "Ahl" thought Donal, "who would find it hard to believe in roaming and haunting ghosts, who had once seen this poor man going about the house like Lady Macbeth, possessed by the seven demons of his own evil and cruel deeds, and without hope of relief in Heaven only in the grave, nor much in that?— How easily I could punish him now with a light ning blast of hellish terror!" It was but a thought; it did not even amount to a tempta tion, for Donal knew he had no right. Ven geance belongs to the Lord, who alone knows what use to make of it. I do not myself believe that mere punish ment exists anywhere in the economy of the Highest. I think mere punishment a human idea, not a divine one. But the consuming fire is more terrible to the evil-doer than any idea of punishment invented by the most riotous of human imaginations. Punishment it is, though not mere punishment, which is a thing not of creation but of destruction: it is a power of God and for his creature. As love is God'a being and a creative energy in one, so the pains of God are to the recreating of the things his love has made and sin has unmade. He heard the lean hands of the earl, at the ends of his long arms, go sweeping slowly over the wall; he had seen the thing, else he would not have recognised the sounds; and he heard him muttering still, but much too low for him to distinguish the words; by this time Donal was so convinced that he had to do with a right dangerous and unprincipled man. that he would have had little scruple in listening if he could have heard every word, and letting what knowledge of him come that might come. It is only Righteousness that has a right to secrecy, and does not want it; Evil has no right to Becrecy, alone intensely desires it, and rages at being foiled for it j for, when its deeds come to the light, even Evil has righteous ness enough left to be ashamed of some of them. But he could not remain there longer, he felt so sick of the whole thing, and turned away at length hastily. But forgetting the one seat, and carrying his light too much in front of him to see it, he came against it and knocked it over, not without noise. A loud cry from the other side of the wall told the dismay he had caused. It was followed by a stillness, and then a moaning. As soon as he was out, and had replaced the obstructions of the entrance, he went to find Simmons, and sent him to look after his master. Hearing nothing afterwards of the affair, he did not doubt that the victim of his awkward ness put the whole thing down, if indeed he knew anything of it the next day, to the ming ling of imagination with fact in the manner he was so accustomed to, disabling him by its verisimilitude from distinguishing between the one and the other, or caring to do so. [TO BK CONTINUED.! 