BRIDGET'S STORY. Well, Miss, you see, the trouble is, Ellen gets a bit teligious now an' then, an' spends more time prayin' than maybe the Lord requires of a woman as 'as a big family to see to. She's a nice woman tho', an' 'as a. good 'ead to 'er, steadier nor 'er 'usband's. 'E's stylish-like, an' 'e'd be pleased if she'd go with finer sort o' company nor she do. She ; just laughs at 'im an' says : 4 Oh, bah ! John ; I you'll never catch me a-ruanin' after my betters. Them as was good enough for us when we was young is good enough now as we is old.' . 4 'E'd like me,' says she, 4 to be dressed in satin from Monday to Saturday, let alone Sunday ; an' 'ow would the wa&hin;' an' the bakin' fare then ?' I think mysel' Ellen had the rights of it. She's just a common, nice body, an' what 'ould be the use o' 'er trickin' 'ersel' ont like a gran' leddy? It's only people in this country as try to make themsel's look young an' finer nor their condition. I think it b ridic'lous for owld women to fix themsel's ont like young wenches. I like to see the quality dress up, bat it's not ailays the gran'est as go the gayest. I remember, in England, the first time the Queen eoom to"4 Chatsworth after she was married. The Dnke 'ad an eye on the Queen when she was young, an' she ooom there ; an' for five or six weeks before, all the gentry was givin' the owia women rouna anous new petticoats an' new shoes, so's they should look nice for the Queen to see. I 'ad a sister in serviae at Chatsworth, an so we went over there from where we live in Lancashire. I m Irish born, you know, but we'd lived in Lancashire since I wur a little child, an' folks say as I spake nayther like the Irish cor the English. I'm just 'aif-an' 'alf — a kind of a mixed creator at best. I know the Lancashire di-log, but I don't spake it often ; my father never liked to hear it in the 'onse, for he wur an educated man. Well, we took a spring cart an' drove to Chatsworth the night before the Queen coom, an' we lodged in a publio-'ouse — the whole on uain one room, all bat my father, as 'ad a friend in the town, an owid man, who took 'im ome to 'is 'ouse. The next day we went to the park, an' they ranged us along to see the sight, with the smaller children in front. An' when the Queen coom, why, she 'ad on just a black silk gown, with never a flounce nor a tuck on it — not so anuch as a tuck. She wore mnd Knnffl f Art nr» c flin cin a' — kJWUVO| OV «»«« DAVlCj QU All brought down on- 'er forehead an' then brushed back plain an' twisted behind 'er 'ead ; not a fashionable knob nayther — — nothing bat a little waist. She coom along, an' behind was. the nnree with the Queen's ohild, carryin'it out so in 'er arms ; an the Queen spoke to the woman, and she coom close to where we was stan'in', so's I put out my 'and an' touched the child's dress, as was long an' soft an' white. She 'eld it down so's we could all see it, an' theu another maid took it an' carried it off to show to the people in another part o' the park. . Then two men took the gran' cushions out of the Queen's carriage an' lifted all the lads and wenches into the carriage. Eh, but they throwed themsel's back an' sat down afore they were lifted ont the other side. They went etramin in an' out, an' I was among 'em. I have sat in the Queen's carriage ! Aw, well ! It's a long road from the Queen at, Chatsworth to Ellen M 'Kiernan an' 'er man up 'ere, but now my lines are cast such as the M'Kiomans. Mr. M'Kiernan is a bit yoonger nor she, an' 'e's like a man yoonger no 'e is, an' that, I think, 'elps to make a liUl# trouble between 'em, off anr on. Then Tom, the eldest boy is 'is father's idol ; but when tbe lad took to bad ways, drinkin', idlin nights, an' gamblin', Ellen did not like it, an fussed about it, while tbe father, as ought to ha known better, said : Whisht, let the lad alone. Yoong men .ranst ave theix fling. \ was just like 'an at Is age.' 4 The more shams to you . cried Ellen, 4 for telliu' on it afore the childer an' spakin' light | o' the laws o God n man.' So she turned to Tom, an says she : Tom, I worked in the mill daytimes an' I worked in the 'ouse nights when I was the mother of seven small children ; an' you, as 'as nothin' bat a man's part to do in the Iorid, 11 never know 'ow 'axd w wanttuA's lot can bs. I never shirked my work, tor I wanted to give you sohoolin' an' larn a good trade. I kept you at the school till you was fourteen, whan all yer mates went to tbe mill at twelve years' old an' yoonger ; an' now you're twenty, an' you've terned the machinist's trade, you can do for yersei', an' I won't pot op with your coomin 'ome late nights, makin a row, bringin drink an' bad company in the 'ouse, an' taohin' bad ways to your brothers an' sisters. If you cannot ooom peaoeable an in due season, you must go somewheres else to board.' She spoke up pretty fierce, but she hadn't no more thought that the lad 'ould go away nor she 'ad that the man in tbs moon 'onld coom down to live wid her. But the tether said as if the boy went 'e'd go too ; an' then she war mad, an says she : Y« d better be off wid ye, John M'Eiernan, than stoppin' at 'ome ophowldin, tbe boy in bad ways. A man o' your ago I Ye d better be on your knees a-sayin your prayers 1 Then the father an' son marched off, 'oldin' up their 'eads like soldiers ; an' they both stopped out late that night, an' come 'ome a-roarin' an' singin'. John M'Kiernan is quite a pote ; 'e makes little rhymes, an' puts the words in their places so's the verses ooom out right ; an' when e coom into the kitchen, a-racketin' an' a-knockin' over the chain in the dark, 'e was singin' away verses about Ellen 'ersel' as 'e'd made up. She 'eared 'im, bat she spake never a word- only bolted 'er bedroom door fast ; while 'e begins to sing, 4 When I Was a Bachelor,' an owld Irish song, as I 'ave 'eard my tether sing when I was a bit of a girl. There's not many folk as know it now. I can say it in Irish an' English both. 'E shouted out in the dead o' night the most aggravatin' of all the verses — I fancied the mopsey, Her fortune 'as deceived me ; It makes me cry an' often sigh, The shirt I cannot wear it. \7lion T nco in f lio mrtvnivirr \- V UVU J lliju ili l/UO AUV1 limgy I go to my labour ; I never do coom 'ome Till duskes cooms on fairly. I find me cabin dirty, An' me bed, it's in bad order ; Me wife is cabin bearing, An' me baby always bawlin'/ That wasn't a pleasin' song for Ellen to 'ear, an' it wurn't true, nayther; for she's not a mopsey, but a clean, decent body, as keepa a nice 'on&e;, an' doesn't ran round to the neighbours no more'n is reasonable for a live woman as doesn't expect to wrap 'ersel' up in a sheet an' keep as distant from folks as a ghost. When he had finished tbe verses an' was just beginnin' again 4 When I Was a Bachelor,' M'Kiernan tries tbe bedroom door an' finds it locked on 'im. So then 'e swares, an' Ellen spakes for the first time an' calls through the key-hoie : I've got the chiider in 'ere, an' I've spent the bight a-prayin' for you. You an' Tom may go up to the attic ; an my counsel is for you to get on yer knees yerselV Then there was more row, an at the last Mr. M'Kiernan an is son posted off, an the Lord knows where they passed the night. In the mornin' the father coom an' fetched 'is clothes an' the lad's; an' they both todk board together nigh to the mill, where Mr. Kiernan is a spinner. Ellen took it pretty lofty at first. 4 It's well tbeyVe away/ said Bhe. 4 The nwlrt man vzr&c; i _ ; , j QUUUk iaa, an' i ll not deny eea weli-lookin' boy; but if there had a been a robbery or a murder in the street an Tom 'ad been arrested on us, we couli not have accounted for Jim, for 'alf the time we did not know where 'e was. As for the man, we've lived together for two an' twenty year, an' now, if e'8 minded to go away , I II mver go after ?im nor ask im to coom back— no, not so much as walk by T,1"??'8 -oa8e' wbere boards. I coanseiiedim m good ways an the wy! of the ohnrch, an 111 not make any lamentation because e s gone. It's every day such things 'appen-a man leaves 'is woman. lS alone is the best treatment for 'em ' For all 'sr talk, I often seed 'er eyes was rea, an she went to church steadier n ever ,6hKefad 'fce child« an' 'ersel' a-prayin' a good bit o the tune. .i.'f?1616 T-as aakber in trouble, too, an' ??£ Wftn bfctle Bosie Boberte, a pretty girl with yellow 'air, as looks like a dandelion, bhe a set er 'eart on Tom M'Kiernan. but 'er fni Ira mo o J, I mn I>n M 2a mi "S1 « mey was prettv .nDf>PeP Tie m0ther keP' » an tbe father was on the train. They looked igh for Bosie, an' the mother watched W !be cat- The.v wa« Protestants, too, an' the difference of religion made troubles both sides. For my part, I think as we all worship the same God ; still, I confess as ordwned He ordained, an' it U stan for ever ; an' them as doesn't ea to mass misses a Messing, sure, as they W for the mass is a holy thing as uU do t body good, an not Catholics alone. Tm not gcin' io say as it's well for Protes- tents an Catholios to wed, but I always liked Bosie, an when I see 'ow 'er 'eart waseen Tom, I .was suoh a great fool as I thnnnlit the religion 'cold not make eo mneh Wl£ she war not ooe to argue, an I wished t. oM behave himaauTind mar' good man to 'or, far I do,, iia.y_ folks 'anov. J0® « T/®1 W out O la mother's fj®. as if 'e would go to the An! M'Kiernan mold mJ m "«oage tbe Tad nor a 2Sd oould fy a aix»foot kite. fbTh from bad to Worse, an' Mr. lf»iwirttnLi iu _i redder n Ellen's. qyea were I Mr .Bo»»te'« owf'night. an' hangtn over the gate talk in' with Tom outside. Than, Si ButY/ whi<t 411 Bobsrts like ?M'8 4t 'l 004 coot Mr. tu/kay gobbler raehin' at a ted 8rsS«ed Bogie in, ewearin' as ahe father . g "b«ne right ont of 'er 8t4"d »««.>>» Bode SbU 80 4w4y; »' Miaeia _ a wl more woman ooom » anRhnt8 i1"1 ' got the got in » J « <?oor» teft Tom outride k "ghtin wid e's brother. icoom away then, for I spied the pMfoe man- AlwSmihV op street ; an that's a 1 eight as 'at a won'erful power to put a stop I to an old woman's curiosity. 1 I went into Missis Roberts's store, the next day, an' Rcraie was there, with 'er little sister i on 'er lap, a baby as is fretful an' always wants sumrnun to besettin' under'er, Roue looked very pale, but 'er mother looked blaok. The Buper of the Sunday-Bchool was there, a-sayin' : 4 Missis Roberts, I'm very sorry a8 Rosie should ha' set gossip goin' about 'er.' Then ARssis Roberts rose up to 'er feet an' l flung out er 'and at the' girl an says: ' There, Rosie 1 do ye 'ear that ? Perhaps you'll mind what your mother says after this, an' not wait till the stones in the street is a- holism' out my very words an' oryin' shame on ye. 'Oh,' said the super, trvin then to quiet the mother down, 4 I've no manner o' doubt Rosie 'U be a good girl after this.' 'E spoke to the baby, an' 'e said as 'e'd like to buy some tape, an' so 'e got away ; but Rosie said never a word to 'im, only grew whiter n' whiter an' let 'er 'ands fall down at. 'er side, so'e the baby 'ad to 'old her own little back up. 1 While the super was buy in 'the taps, I said to Rosie : 'Ad $ou been walkin' with Tom last night?' "Tes, said she; 'we'd walked from the grocer's. I only met him by chance.' ' Hut you like 'iin,' said I, ' an' 'e's a wild lad.' We never ad no love talk,' said she ; an' then, in a minute mere, she spake again, I'll never stay 'ere to be talked about. j Then the mother coom back to us. an' I went out o' the store. Sure enough, the girl runned away, an' then there was more talk than ever about 'er. Ellen coom out in the middle of the day to tell me, though she was doln' a bleach, an' 'ad not so much as a shawl about 'er. She'd just rcn out in 'er figger. She cried, an' Eaid as 'ow Tom was good enough for any girl in the place ; an' one minute she vowed gg was too good for a girl as 'ould do such a shameful thing as run away from 'ome, an' next she'd say that Rosie was a sweet, innooent thing, an' she 'oped she'd see her Tom's wife yet, an' it was only people goin' back an' forth an' tellin' things as 'ad ever made any trouble. She was just distraught, an' she eaid whatever coom into 'er silly ead ; so at last it coom out that when Tom ad 'eared as Rosie was gone 'e 'ad quit work, an' was on a spree then. 4 Au' I've not seen 'im,' cried 'is mother ; I only 'ear about 'im on the street — my own eldest born !' I met Tom a day or two after on the street, an' I went up to 'im, an' laid a 'and on 'is arm. I looked 'im steadv in the eye, an' 'e reddened a bit, an' 'is mouth trembled like a baby's. I Tom,' said I, 'what's the use of a fine lad 1 like you goin' to the bad, when 'e might just I as easy go to the good, an' make 'is friends 1 all 'appy?' 1 4 It's not many friends I 'as,' said the j yonng fellow. You know, Bridget, I'd never 1 'a done harm to Rosie ; but she runs away, I when she- 'ears 'er name mentioned with j mine, as if I was the plague.' I 4 Oh,' eaid I, 4 you think you'd never 'a done 'er 'arm ; but it's little lads know what they'll coom to do as keeps bad company, an' j takes no counsel but their own wild wishes. 8he runned to save 'ersel' — a wise little body I j Oo after 'er, Tom, bring 'er 'ome to be your mother's daughter, an' make up your mind once for all to be a decent, Bteady man.' I don't know what got into me to speak them words, bat when 'e 'eard me, first 'e grew white, an' then 'e grew red. ' You're a wise woman, too, said he, an' 'e walked away, an' the next day they telled me 'e 'ad gone from the town. The Robertses soon 'eard from Rosie, 'ow she 'ad got a place with a rich family in Fall River ; so they thought it best to leave 'er I there. But where Tom was they did not know, j Well, Ellen took it 'ard, an' she seemed to feel the father's bein' away more, now Tom was clean gone, an' yet the man did not coom back. She'd stan' at 'er door at night, an' strain 'er eyes lookin' towards the mill, where M'Kiernan worked, but she never see 'im comin' towards 'er. ' Eh, but women is queer creatur's, cryin' an' scoldin' an' splatterin, yet lovin ait me wuiie. i She fell sick, bein' so worried, an' one night I stayed wid 'er. I was doin' in the I kitchen, when I 'eard a great crash ; I runned | into the other room, an' there Ellen lay on J the floor, wid 'er eyes wide starin' open, an' I 'er limbs stretched oat on the boarde, an' in one 'and she 'ad a lock o' 'er own 'air, as | she'd pulled out. 4 Oh,' cried I, 'ow long've you been there?' 4 Whist, whist !J says she. 4 Do ye 'ear the. music?' Music?' says I. ' Are you mad? Oh,' says she, 4 it's gran' music ; an'do you see the fine yoong ladies as is makin' it ? There they is, all stan'in' round against the wall. Look at 'em, dressed in white, an' with bells on their fingers 1' She was so wild, I was scared, an' I humoured 'er a bit, an' said as I 'eared 'em an' seed 'em, an' ooaxed 'er the while back to bed. She laid 'er 'ead down on the pillow, an' fetched a great sigh. Ah,' says she, 4 they're just vaniehin', an' the music's a-fadin'away.' Then she wrung 'er 'ands an' fell a-cryin1, an' I 'ad plenty o' work that night to do, caring for 'er. Bat she mended quiokly after, an' in a day or two she was quite well. Then she went to the priest, an' telled 'im all 'er trouble ; 'ow Mr. M'Kiernan 'ad been a good husband an' very agreeable to 'er for twenty-one yeara, an' 'ow 'ard she thought it as 'e should leave 'er now ; an' she towld 'im all about Tom, too. Father Kent treated 'er very kind, an', says 6— I cannot 'elp ye about Tom. Yoong men will 'ave their fling ; an', any way, 'e's beyond my reach. Ye can do nought but pray for 'im, as was always a mother's work, from the time of the Blessed Virgin. As for your 'usband, I'll see Jo 'im.' Ellen boomed 'ome wid a lighter 'eart, an' waited, wid 'er little ones areiuid 'er, for the ooomin' o' the man. Father Kent went twice to the mill to see Mr M'Kiernan, an' the second time the man got mad, an' spake op saucy, an' said queer ihings to the priest. I don't doubt, Father Kent,' sayB 'e,4asi you re a soholard an' a gentleman, an I 'knows you're a priest, but you needn't coom I meddUn' with me.' Then Father Kent stamped 'is foot, an' says 'e : ! OI1'V0 'eared what I ,'ad to sayj a , 8?an' ye 'ome to your wife, an' don t' force me to eoom again about this business. - - thaf night Mr. M'Kiernan went 'ome Ellen telled me all about it. She wur stan'in' at thetablecattin' out a dress for a neighbour ; for she's very 'andy at such things, an willin' to do little jobs o' that I sort for anybody. It was about nine in the I jVenu?'' sn' ns die stood with 'er baok to the I door in stalked Mr. M'Kiernan, lookin as 1 sour as a boy as 'as been licked. Ellen's j eart give a- jump, but she never said nothin', 1 nor turned ronnd, only caught a side glance I of 'im as 'e went past 'er. 1 He sat down in a chair, an' 'e kicked off J first one shoe an' then another, an' aii the | while er scissors was goin faster than ever. I When 'e'd sat still about five minutes, up 'e I got, an' stamped away to 'is room. Then J Ellen turned, an' threw up 'er arms wid a j great swoop, an' says she, 'af aloud : I 1 Lord save us, see the ghost I' An' the ( little chiller began to titter at that. 4 Shut up, says Rhe, laughin' at your dad.' But little Peter he giggled on, an' the father growled from the other room ; so Ellen caught up the boy. an' rocked 'im, and got 'im quiet. She was that glad 'er 'usband 'ad coom 'ome, I think, she did net care 'ow mad an' glum 'e acted. When Mr. M'Kiernan came out for 'is I breakfast the next morning, Ellen fleW to I the table, an' begau movin' some ai3he3. j f 4 I'll clear off Peter's things,' said she. j 4 Oh,' said Mr. M'Kiernan, 4 ye like to 'ear J yersel' talk an' 'e shovelled in 'is meat, an' j said no more till she asked 'im, timid-like, j should she send 'is dinner to the mill. I 4 Aren't ye the 'ousekeeper ?' says he, sharp 4 j again. 4 Ye like to 'ear yersel' talk and off j 'e went to 'is work. J That afternoon I was goin' by, an' Ellen j called me to coom iff. J 4 I must go 'ome an' feed my cat,' said I. J She laughed, 4 Hoot wi yer cat,' says she. I 4 1 hunted 'er off o' my chickens the other day. 1 Coom in ; it's summit better worth 'earin' I nor a cat's meowin' as I 'ave to tell ye.' j So I stepped in, an' she made me langh I till my Bides ached a-mimickin' all Mr. | M'Kier nan's gran' ways an' soar looks. But | she stopped in 'er laughin', and cried a bit, sayin' — J 4 I'm the wretehedest mother in the town,' j says she; 4 an' Father Kent said- 'e could j not 'elp me about Tom.' I So, wantih' to cheer 'er, I says— 1 Mr. M4Kiernan onlv shows 'i annrl pen hp in coomin' 'ome, Eilen. There's not a woman I knows as keeps a cheerfuller kitchen.' ' It 'ouid not ha' been cheerful long,' says she, 4 if 'e 'ad not coom, for I'm near out o' money.' 4 Well, 'e ib coom,' says I. ' An' now you must keep 'im. What did you send 'im for 'is dinner?' 'Beefsteak,' says she, catchin' up little Peter, as 'ad been pullin' at 'er knee an' suckin' at a lump o' sugar. 4 That's right,' says I. 4 Now you must ha' summat good for 'is supper.' 4 Yes,' says she. 4 What do you think on V 4 Scallops,' says I. What's them ?' says she, takin' 'old of Peter's 'ands, an' swingin' 'im down to the floor, an' then bringin' 'im up again on 'er i knees, an' 'e a-laughin' till 'e almost choked. 4 A kind o'fish,' says I. ' I'll be bound Mr. M'Kiernan 'nil like 'em. Send Katie down to the market for 'em. They'll be about thirty cents a quart.' So she said she would; and I seed she felt quite 'appy, so I picked up my shawl an' the pail of milk I was takin' 'ome, an' trudged on to my cefl&r; an' my oat. The next day was Sunday, an' as I was I coomin' 'ome from church, when I got I opposite Mr. M'Kiern&n;'s 'ouse, Ellen, as was 1 stan'in' in the door, not 'avin' took off 'er I bonnet, called to me. I 4 Just Btop to dinner, Bridget 1' says she. 4 Nay, nay,' says L 4 A family likes to 'ave its Sunday dinner to theirssl's.' 1 fTnv fono Vinf kfv n a wa. aowu vvuuvu| vuv AMvautsu, »» was smokin' in the yard, says — 4 Coom in, Bridget ; theie's always a seat for you at the table.' So seein' 'im so cordial, I went in ; an' Ellen, I thought, was glad not to be left much alone wid 'im. I sat there till about three, when 'e marches up to 'is wife an' speaks very pleasant, an' says, 4 Just make me a cup o\ tea, Ellen ;' an' up she jumps, with smiles ali over 'er face, to do it. Then I thought they was gettin' friendly, an' I coomed away. But she bade me to coom in th& very next night, for she said she 'ad to ask 'im for money, an' she felt Bhe'd be balder to do it if I was by. So Monday evening I was there before dashes. They was always a family as provided well, the way I like to see folks do — 'alf a barrel of flour, and 'alf a keg o' butter, an' & whole ham at a time ; but while Mr. M'Kiernan was off, Eiien 'ad been put to it to keep things up, an' 'ad run low in every way. After we 'ad 'ad a good supper, she picked up Jimmy, one o' the little noys ; an' while Peter bung on 'er knees, die poked 'or fingers careless like into the 'oles in Jimmy's shoes, till 'e squealed out as she tiokled 'im, an' says he — 4 Mammy, I want some new shoes.' ' Eh ?' says I ; 4 let's see the shoes you've got on. Then the little fellow twiBted round in 'is mother's lap an stuck out 'is two feet to me. 4 They're awful bad,' says the boy. An Mr. M'Kiernan Bpoke up from, the table, where 'e sat readin' an owld paper: 4 Why don't you get 'im some shoes, Ellen V . 'E spoke gently, an' Ellen laughed, an' says she : I never knew shoes to coom walkm into a 'ouse without feet in 'em or feet goin' after 'em. 4 An' money, too,' says I. Don't ye 'ave no paper now ?' eays Mr. M'Kiernan, takin' no notice of what wad been a-sayin'. : 4 No, says Ellen ; "they're wa'n't nobody 1 to read it, an' I stopped it.' 4 Well,' says 'e, risin' up, 4 I'll go an' give an order for one to be left every dav after this.' 4 That'll be good,' says Ellen, bent on pleasin' 'im, 4 for I did miss 'earin' you talk about the news.' Then she played Some more with Jimmy's shoes, an' says he again, like a little parrot : 4 Mammy, I want some new shoes.' Ah !' eays the mother, Td give you some quick if I 'ad the nlO&ey;, but fifty cents won't buy ye shobs now you've growed so big.' Mr. M'Kiernan 'ad got on 'is coat by this time, an' eays 'e, in a lofty way : 4 Give me yonr fifty cents, Ellen, an' I'll, give you a ten-dollar bill for it.' I Ye.may be sure she wasn't no great time | makin that change ; an' 'e went o' the 'ouse, j an' she clapped on 'er bonnet an' shawl, an' started off 'ersel' for the shoes. They cooned back together, talkin' an' carry in' parcels like a couple- o' young sweet'earts.an' I just laughed at 'em. As we all stood round, with the childer 'angia' on our legs, the door hurst open, an' in coom Tom an' Rosie. 4 Huiloa !' cried Tom, an' Eilen fetched a screec'i, an' rushed at the lad as if 'she'd smother 'im ; but Rosie stood aoart. with a shy look in 'er eyes, an' a blush ou 'er cheek, j till Tom left 'is mother, an' took the girl's J 'aud, an said, like a man— | I went after 'er, an' one- day, as she was 1 washin' dishes, I coom eoftlv into the kitchen ; I an" when she looked up she saw me, an' she j cried out, an' let the cup fall as she w&b; I 'oldin', and it broke, an' out coom the j missus to know what was the matter, an' 1 1 telled 'em both together as I'd pi&de; up my I mind to be a steady fellow, . an' Fd coom to J marry Rosie ; an' Rosie, she made believe as I she didn't care about me, till the missus | laughed, an' bade 'er speak the truth, an' ) then' — J 4 Now, Tom, you needn't say no more,' 1 said Rosie ; an' ' Mr. M4Kiernan marched up J to 'er, an' says, very courteous-like : I 4 I'll make ye kindly welcome to be my j son's wife.' j 4 Eh, but she's that already !' cried Tom. 1 4 We was married a week ago.' Everybody screamed but Ellen, who just fchrnroerl 'er arms ronnd the airl'a no«t a„'J hugged 'er 'ard. — L. G. Wyman, in Atlantic Monthly . ! 