The Ghost in Our Midst. EVE&t; day proves the truth of my remarks upon this subject: made in last week's Figaro. I said then that I had no desire to write merely for the sake bf sensation. Events have proved that there was no necessity for me to provide the sensation pari of the business. The sensation is in our midst, poisoning the vijbility of the metropolis. . Late ne%s from Peel Island, the. quarantine ground, tell that two more cases of smallpox have cropped up amongst the immigrants by the Duke of Westminister, the patients being Miss Beid, a second cabin passenger, and the Chief Officer. Typhoid fever, too, is cropping out in aU directions. I made allusion in the article of last week to a pesti ferous drain in a very unsavory locality-the immedi ate neighborhood of the Gytnpie hotel. : It has not surprised me in theleas't to since learn that Brannelly, the landlord of that hotel, has, in the past, paid the penalty of living in so insanitary a locality. He contracted a fever, and was for something like three months upon a sick bed. r Mr. Brannelly ha« informed me that he pointed out the ever-existent nuisance to Mr. Chambers, a Municipal officer, and was informed by that gentleman that the matter would be attended to at once-that a stink-trap would be constructed and placed in position without delays The promise is the only recognisable step taken in the matter so fart . The neighborhood of the Gympie hotel is by no; means the only typhoid- breeding centre in the city of Bri$bSf|&e.; For smells of all densities and breeding, ijb would be difficultto beat Brisbane in all Australia.! Have ^ City Fathers any noses P Or are they eternally troubled^, each and all; roth a chronic coryza that destroys their power of scenting malodours P . Citizens are really ? becoming scared j under this apathetic indifference of the s&nitaary; authorities. I would almost be game to wager that theire is not one Brisbane citizen but' has heard of at least one case of typhoidas ^stingamong his drcle of acquaintaiices. On Monday; the: iwife of a Fortitude Talley clergy man, ?the Bev; Mr. Wiles, died of typhoid. Probably, the exercise of some charitable mission carried her mto the circle of contagion. This fever is met with in nearly all quarters of the city. Tet the authorities dO nothing. - ; The cases ofsmaUpox at Peel Island are also matters calculated to increase the apprehensions of Brisbane citizens. Tet our stolid City Council sleep. on and raise not a finger to mitigate the danger. Shame on you, senseless, apathetic Aldermen 1 Will you wait untile perhaps, members of your own families are swept ^way ruthlessly by the typhoid destroyer"? Cornel Be up and doing.. 