THE ENFIELD COURT ROBBERY. in two chapters. — chajptkr 11. (Continued from our lust.} Upon further investigation, it wan found tliat while tin; robbery at Enfield Court had been most carefully planned and premeditated, the fire had evidently bee.n an accidental part of tho thieves' program ine, as a hastily done-up bundle, containing some valuable articles, was discovered just outside the supper-room window, as if dropped in a hasty exit. Happily, tho fire had been sulidued in time to save the greater portion of the house ; but the damage don«, to say' nothing of the immense loss caused by the robbery, was very considerable. In due time, two detectives came down from London, aud tho excitement continued unabated in the neighbour hood whilst they remained ; but nothing transpired, Thoy maintained an amount of stolid reticence which to the curious was most provoking ; and finally j thi\v ilppnrled without having appar ently done anything towardH solving the mystery, far less securing the thieves. I Gradually things seemed to settle down, and the robbery at Eniield was i replaced in my mind by tny entire1 absorption in Amy's engagement, to which I had given a qualified consent, j on the condition that Mr. Mauleverer's family were satisfied with the connec tion, and that pecuniary matters were properly adjusted. Now that he had actually declared himself, I felt em boldened to ask questions and ascertain everything I possibly could as to the antecedents of the man who was to be my darling's husband. I He was well conuected. His mother j was dead ; but his father was alive, aud lived in groat seclusion at his own property, which was situated in York shire. He was reputed to be rich ; but on this point 1 could gain no definite information. Still, remembering Lady Daseut's ' very well off,' I was not at much trouble on tho score of money matters. 1 had left it incumbent upon me to invite him to spend a few days with us before ho left for Yorkshire, and it seemed natural that he should come to us. I told him frankly that Amy had very little money of her own — something less than two thousand pounds ; but at my death, I intended to loave her everything, which I felt sure he would approve of being tied up and strictly settled upon herself. I thought his expression changed a little when I mentioned this, aud still more so when I casually asked him in a frinndly way if he always meant to be an idle man ; for he had left the army, it Appeared ; and I was anxious, for Amy's sake, to see some symptom of ? wishing to get an appointment or occupation of some kind. Meanwhile, Amy seemed satisfied; hut my doubts — born of my extreme affection for' her — began to arise, and refused to he silenced. Mr. Mauleverer had written to his father announcing his engagement; but as yet neither line nor message from the old gentleman had reached us. It wa« not treating Amy properly; and . though Amy's entreaties to me to be patient, and oft-repeated assurance that Alfred said everythiug would be all right, silenced me for a time, I was fully resolved to sec matters either ended or placu l on a satisfactory foot ing before much longer time elapsed. In the meantime, Mr. Mauleverer received one morning a telegram, which he informed us contained the news of tho illness of an old friend of his iii London. He must start immediately, if he wished to see him alive. If I did not mind, he would leave his heavy luggage behind him, and only take a small pormanteau. Unless something very special happened to detain him, he would be with us again in a couple inf days. His adietix were hurried, Imt impressive. He seemed really sorry to leave1 'Arav, who was, however, enabled to bid him a cheerful good-bye on the strength of his speedy retnm. On the. morning of the second day after lie had takin his departure, Amv wss evidently expecting a letter from him — not- unreasonably, 1 thought, a* it was natural she should wish to hear that he had reached his destination safely. She was rather restless and fidgety. Perhaps that was the cause of my own almost nervous feelings as p^st-time approached. 1 could settle down to nothing. ' Amy, darling,' 1 said presently, 'suppose, you take the. garden scissors _ .ary3 smp thes' . for ine ; they Vwint. 't badly.'' i So Amy stepped out-bn to the Httle lawn with its still 'brightly filled parterres ; and I watched her from the drawing-room window with feelings of mingled love, anxiety, aud apprehen sion, for do what I might, I could not get over the serse of some impending calamity — something sorrowful for her. Soon afterwards, she joined me, radiant with her letter, the first she had ever received ' from him ; a very ardent, gentlemanly epistle, I was obliged to own ; satisfactory too, as it contained the information that he had heard from his father, who, on certain conditions, which he saw his way to comply with, had promised to consent to the marriage. A letter for me from old Mr. Mauleverer had been inclosed in his letter to his son ; but the letter preferred delivering it to me personally ; consequently, I would not receive it until his return to us. Amy had an engagement that after noon to visit the Dosents, who were now installed in a small house they had at some distance from the Court, whilst the latter was being repaired. She was to drive over, biking our Email groom with her; and I was not to expect her back until after nine o'clock at the earliest ; so I was to spend a solitary evening. After she left me, I wrote a few letters ; then I tried to read ; but my attention wandered. A slight drowsiness came over me, and I suppose I fell asleep. All at once I woke up with a consciousness of some one standing just outside the closed window, gazing into the room, and I discerned distinctly the features of a man's face pressed closely against the window-pane. I was not generally nervous, but I confess a thrill of fear shot through mc then, and for a moment I was almost too terrified to stir. The next instant I got up, and simultaneously with my doing so, the face vanished. But the eyes I had so clearly seen might be watching me still, T controlled all outward symptoms of alarm or consciousness of what I had seen ; and after a few minutes — to me each seemed an hour — I moved towards the door, and summoued one of my servants. I mentioned tho circum stance to her, enjoining extra care that night as to our bolts and bars. Though we had neither gold plate nor diamonds to attract thieves, still there was enough silver to satisfy moderate cupidity, and it was wonderful how such facts get abroad. After the Enfield Court robbery, one could not be too careful. Very soon Margaret, my servant, had secured all the shutters, and drawn down the curtains, and I sat down to my solitary tea, wishing most fervently that Amy were safely within doors again. A sudden storm had come on ; the wind had risen to a hurricane, and bade fair to continue during the night, About eight o'clock, a message arrived for me from Lady Dasent, telling me that as the storm was so severe, they had ventured to detain Amy for the night ; in the morning, she would bo with me early. 1 was both glad and sorry — glad that Amy would not run the risk of encountering any lurking individuals in the darkness ; that she was safely at Enfield ; but sorry for my own sako, I felt so solitary and, truth to tell, so strangely nervous. The evening wore on slowly, and aB ten o'clock struck I went to my room. It was directly over the drawing-room. Next to mine was Amy's ; and on the other side of the lauding was the spare room, which had so recently been occupied by Alfred Mauleverer. Above, slept the servants. I heard them go up to bed, and while I could hear them moving about overhead, I was tolerable comfortable ; but soon, stillness reigned over the Wren's Nest. My domestics were asleep. The best thing I could do was to follow their example, which after a time I suppose 1 did, for I was wakened by a noise, a distant sound from the hall below. I scarcely breathed. I could hear my heart beating as I lay listening with strained ears, and recalling with horrified terror the face I had seen at the window. I need liardly say that I was thoroughly awake. Every nerve was strung to such a pitch of tension, that if a pin had been dropped, I feel sure I could have heard it. It came again — the sound from below — dull, this time, but distinct, and presently I heard stealthy footsteps comiug rapidly and quietly up-stairs — evidently shoeless feet, but none the less audible to my ears. Never since I had lived at the. Wren's Nest had I locked my bedroom door ; I had a dread of doing it ; and despite my nervousness of this occasion, I had not departed from my rule. It was too late to attempt to accomplish it uow. Besides, looking back, I think a sort of temporary paralysis had come over me. I hoard a hand laid upon the handle ; it was turned cautiously, and the next moment, from my curtained beid I distinguished a man bearing some sort of small lamp — his face concealed by a mask — enter. It was a matter of life or death to mc to remain quiet. Through thy mind flashed a resolve to deliver uji every thing I was possessed of — family plate, -my mother's amethysts, all my small valuables, to this ruffian, in exchange for my life, should he demand them. But no such intention appeared to be his. He Approached the bed, raised his lamp, flashed it for a second on my closed eyes ; and then withdrew it, apparently satisfied that 1 slept. It must have been a cursory glance, for I could not have sustained the deception for more than a moment. He gave a keen look round the room. Only the lower part of hiss face was covered, so I could see his eyes, small, black, and piercing, with something familiar to ine in them, even then. My watch — a j legacy f id in my mother — lay on the ; toilet taMe, hut he overlooked it. '? Evidently, mine was not the room be | meant to rifle. Almost noiselessly he | VHiiished out of it, and I heard him ; i ptwt?«!d into Amy's room next — thank ) ? Grxf, it was empty — then into the spare : room, w herf he remained. j i All at once it flashed across me that by a little courage l might isave every thing and secure the thief. In former days, my spare roomhad been a nursery, and the windows were barred, so as to make all exit from them impossible. If I could slip out of bed, get across the passage, in one second I could lock the door, and, secure from any attack, raise an alarm. The agony of fear I was in was such that I felt equal to any effort. With out losing a moment, I glided out of bed ; a moment's pause acquainted me with the fact that the miscreant was busy ; I heard him throwing out things all over the floor. He was searching Mr. Mauleverer's portmanteaus ; they were quite at the far end of the bed room; so I calculated that I could safely close and lock the door before he could possibly prevent me. Like a ghost, I moved out of my room on my perilous errand. Through a chink of the half-open door I beheld the man kneeling in front of the largeer of the portmanteaus, rifling it with a rapidity and intentness which secured my being for the present undiscovered. I had intended to seize the door the instant I reached it, but something mode me pause in the darkness and peer with terrified eyes into the bedroom. He had his back to me, and I could see the quick movements of his arms as one thing after another was hurriedly thrown upon the grouud. Imagine my feelings as I stood within a few paces of him, to see him with the utmost celerity tear open the lining of the portmanteau and draw from it a glittering mass of diamonds, which I instantly recognised as Lady D&sent;'s famous circlet, the one she had worn on the night of the eventful ball, and which, with the other things, had so mysteriously disappeared ! Horror, anguish, and fear well nigh caused me to fall to the ground. I made an involuntary movement; I thought I was fainting ; ana the noise reached him. Looking up, our eyes met. With the strength born of desperation, I seized the handle of the door, and in a moment the key was safely turned in the lock. Happily for the lives of myself and ! my servants, the door was an old- j fashioned one, of a particularly strong description ; and having a strong outer moulding, it was almost a physical impossibility to break it open from the inside of the room. The exigency of situation sustained mc for the moment, and enabled me to rouse my three servants, who must at first have .thought I had gone temporarily out of my mind, when I tried to make them comprehend our position. It was two o'clock in the morning still blowing a gale, and dark as Erebus. But assistance must be got. The man within our spare room might have accomplices without : our danger might but be beginning. We had an I alarm-bell ; tliat must be rung. Four trembling women, wo proceeded in a group to the outer back court, where the boll hung, only to find the rope sovercd. I had snatched up a cloak, and arrayed myself in my slippers and a skirt. The servants were as little dressed as myself. But it was no time to hesitate ; immediate action must be taken. Wc must rouse tlie gardener, who lived a considerable way from the house. Through the dark dripping shrubberies, we flew, at every step expecting to be dragged back by some lurker ; but no one stopped us. In safety, we reached the cottage aud iu a few minutes Arkwright, my gardener and general factotum, was in our midst. His cottage was within a short j distance of several others ; aud though j he wished to go straight to the house, fearing lest the man should have escaped, or been liberated by accom plices, I would not hear of it. I insisted upon his getting a couple of men to accompany him, a precaution for which I saw Arkwright's nice little wife was grateful. This caused some delay ; but it had not enabled my captive to escape. Tho hall door was found open, and everything just as we had 'left it, the spare room door still closed. By my orders, it was not to be unlocked until the police, arrived. Several volunteers had hastened to summon them ; and while we were awaiting their arrival, I had time to think a little of the horror of the position. How had Lady Dasent's diamond necklace found its way into Alfred Mauleverer's portmanteau ? ! Could he lie some awful impostor, some : villain in the guise of a gentleman, j whom I had harboured in my house, and to whom I had meditated giving my niece ! The shock would almost kill Amy. Even / felt as if I should neier get over it. Who was the man I A dreadful tightness came over my heart when this question presented itself, a suspicion too horrible. j It made the suspense almost too i terrible. I heard the policeman arrive, and while they were ascending the stairs to tlie spare bedroom, I felt almost choked with an apprehension ; for what I should next hear. The door was unlocked, and there was the thief. He made no resistance ; the game was up. Thanks to ' tlio old woman,' as I heard him style me, he had missed the best chance of clearing a fortune he had ever had. Who was he 1 Where had I seen him 1 The mystery was soon explained. He was t}je Dasents' magnificent head butler — owe of a gang, as it afterwards was discovered — and who had, with the connivance of his comrades, cleared off the plate, but hoped to secure for his own private benefit the famous diamonds. The fire had so far upset their plans, that he had found himself left in possession of the diamonds, when his services came to he required in aiding to extinguish the fire. In place of flight, therefore, as he had at first intended, the wary butler judged it best to let his confederates make off with the plate, while he remained with the diamonds in his possession, one. of the most active in subduing the flames, and suggesting the most feasible schemes for discovering the thieves. When the detectives came down to j Enfield, it became imperative upon him to hit upon some safe place tor the diamonds. Mr. Mauleverer was blessed with an over-abundant ward robe ; and during his visit to Enfield, this butler had chosen to consider him under his particular care, laying out his cloths, arranging and settling things generally for liim. The idea of tempor arily depositing the. precious gems within the lining of one of that gentle man's portmanteaus, struck him as a brilliant one. His intention of course was to withdraw them directly Mr. [ Mauleverer's departure was about to take place, and lie would of course have the best opportunity of doing so while packing his clothes ; but his plan by a mere chance miscarried, and he | bad the mortification of seeing the portmanteau leave Enfield with the diamonds still safely secreted within it. Mr. Mauleverer's temporal^ absence from our house afforded too good an opportunity to be missed ; hence the visit to the Wren's Nest, which very nearly terminated my existence, for the shock and exposure combined , brought on an illness from which, for | long, it was not expected I should j recover. i Amy was my tender nurse all through it, and it was from her lips I heard ail | the particulars of the robbery, in the j I sequel to which I had been called on to play so prominent a part. j Happily for both our sakes, she never knew of the terrible suspicions I ! had for a brief time entertained | regarding Mr. Mauleverer. That gentleman made his appearance in due times at the Wren's Nest, bearing his father's letter, which informed me not | only of his willingness to welcome Amy as his daughter, but to Bettle an j income upon the young couple of the most satisfactory description. j Shortly afterwards, the butler was placed upon his trial, and I was called on, despite my weakened condition, to give evidence against him. This, however, I was happily spared, as the prisoner, acting on the advice of his counsel, pleaded guilty. Indeed, I was doubly relieved, as Mauleverer's character was thus vindicated. As the wretched prisoner was being removed, lie vowed he would ' pay Miss Courtenay a visit again when his term of imprisonment expired.' However, ton years' penal servitude may bring about a change in' liis intentions. Lady Dasent amused me very much by the comforting view she took of the matter. ' Do not trouble your head, my dear Miss Courtenay, about any thing the wretch may have said ; in the course of nature, you will be beyond his reach long before then.' ' Quite true,' I replied with a smile, ' At all events, I am glad I have lived long enough to be the means of your recovering your diamonds.' the end. 