ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. I (BY Tn?.GuOST. ) August 18. There has boeen another quiet week in Parliament, and in both Houses work has been the order of the day, rather than talk. The only " little breeze" that has arisen to ruffle the placidity of the proceedings in the Assembly was a smart verbal passage-at- arms between Mossrs. Bent and Kerford. When the E'tihnates were under consideration the hon. member for Brighton characterised the amount seot down for sheet-piling at Sorrento as a " job." Sevoral members of the present - Ministry, and not a few of their sup porters, own property in this far from favourite watering place, which has beeoon, as regards the expenditure of public ¬ money,always very favourably dealt with, and if the truth must be told treated with exceptional kindness. That Mr. Bent's shot told was evident from MIr. Kerford's reply. Instead of attempting to justify the vote, he ejaculated, " What about Kensington Hill I" The retort was neither happy nor dignified-espocially on the part of a gentleman who is said c to aspire to the honour of a seat on the c Supreme Court Bench. Persons who c resort to the tie quoque in argument, and c especially trained lawyers, seldom avail themselves of this style of reply if they have any other answer to give. The I House felt this, and was evidently in accord with Mr. Bent. It is not often that impulsive gentleman is right, but on this occasion, at all events, he was not far wrong. The proposed work will principally benefit the proper ties of'the Attorney-General and the Minister of Justice, and is in very truth "a job." Two of the heaviest bills brought in by the Government have been disposed of during the week-the Judicature Bill I and the Bill for the Management of the State Railways having passed their final stages in the Assembly, and boon trans mitted to the Legislative Council. With the exception of the measures dealing with the malloe and the Harbour Trust there is very little of importance remain ing to be considered on the notice paper of the Assembly, and as there has already a been sufficiont said upon these matters by t honourable memnbers to show that no great t difference of opinion exists in their a regard, the debates they are likely to i provoke will not be very lengthened. I Unless Mr. Service, therefore, for the. f nonce takes a leaf out of the book of at certain dusky personage, of whom Dr. r Watts has affirmed that he "still finds a some work for idle hands to do," there r will be very little, after the Estimates -- f with which good progress has already t been made-are passed, to occupy our t legislators ; and there will be, contrary to a the prevailing custom, no innocents to slaughter, for the reason that I all these interesting young legisla. c tive bantlings will have attained the i period of maturity, and have become full t blown acts of Parliament. There will be a no need to detain the "gentlemen" of t the Assembly and the "honourable I gentlemen" of the Council beyond the r month of October, and enable them to c plead the lhot weather as an excuse for heated language. The reason for the f diligence on the part of our legislators i has not to be remotely sought for. It is c understood that there is to be no change of Government for the present-in fact no change is possible under existing cir- t cumstances- and as there are no spoils of t office to quarrel over there is to be no t fighting. Much amusement has been afforded mining menin Melbourne by the "enter prise" of a " leading" metropolitan daily I paper in sending up a special to "do"( the now fashionable Dark River Gold- 1 field. It is devoutly to be hoped, for the sake of the world that it is to be en lightened by the special correspondents despatched to New Guinea and Madagas car, that these gentlemen are a little more experienced in their business than the Dark River gentleman in his. Beyond a residence of" some fifteen months on a goldfield, during which period he was exolusively engaged on journalistic I work, the " Special" never had an opportunity of seeing a mine, and it is very doubtful whether, in the course of his experience, he ever descended half-a dozen. Yet thin heaven-born genius pronounces opinions in the most orthodox ex-cathedra fashion in regard to the future prospects of the locality, its reefs, and their probable yields, leading the uninitiated to believe "he knows all about it." On dit, he was sent up to curse, but returned to aless. Be this as it may, the affair only tends to afford another illustration of the truth of Oxon stiern's saying anent: the very small amount of wisdom with which the world is governed. "What's in a namel" some persons ask. Apparently a great deal, or people-at all events theatrical people-would not be so anxious, as they evidently are, to change their patronymics. A rose, we are told, would smell as sweet, even wore it known by any other appellation. Why therefore should slain Mr. Green be deemed a better baritone when passing as Signor Verdi, or Charlotte Tasker be less in esteem as a pianiste than Madame Car lotta Tasca, or Signor Riccardi thoueht infinitely superior to Mr. Richards ? Yet so it is ; and therefore the artists who are content to be called by their own names deserve a word of commendation for not following a custom that would assuredly be more honoured in the breach than in the observance. Miss Nellie Stewart has not yet developed into La Signora Eloeanora Stuardo, nor Miss Alice Rees into Alicia Risa. Perhaps when they appear in their Italian aliases these two young ladies may not sing as well as they do at present. Moulting birds lose their voices, and the casting off of their English feathors to masquerade in foreign borrowed plumes may have the same effect on the human an it has on the feathered songster. It is to be hoppd our Australian born artists will not try the experiment. There is weeping in Israel. The whole of the twelve tribes have been despoiled by a Christain. Mr. WP. VP. White has lot in the moneoy.lendors of Melbourno to the tune of seven or eight thousand pounds by means of forged acceptances, which are all that Moses, Aaron and Co. have to show for their dearly loved " monish." The losses, however, fall on a "aSyndi cate," and not ou the particular gentle man who discounted the spurious paper. The sympathy generally bestowed on the unfortunate is in this case lessened by theremembrance that if in this instance there is a loss, on other recent transac tlons there was a profit of fourteen hundred per cent. If there were in Victoria one or two judges on the Bench animated by the same right feeooling, and possessing the same amount of moral courage as Judge Wilkinson, of Sydney, the practice of badgering and bullying witnesses would need no legislative oenactment ii order to its restraint, His Honor a few days since desired a young female under cross examination not to answer any questions until he gave permission. He added it was " monntrous that witnesses i should be subjected to insult, a disgrace to the administration of justice, and flthat for his paprt hlie would have no hesitation in protacting theon against insulting insinuations on the pprt of counsel." Bravo ! Judge Wilkinson. The sucoess of one plaiptiff in a libel a action has atirred up the aggrioeved by Psens criticism to rush to the lawsnourts for redress. The £250 which Mr. Eleassor is to receive from the proprietors of the Bulletin have apparently awakeneddreams of being able to' got the same amount from the Mfaryborongh Standard in the mind of the Reverend Father Collier, of Carisbrook. A writ for £250 damages for defamation of character has boon e?rved on the proprietary of the journal named, and unless amicably settled the case is to come on at the next sittings of the Court at Maryborough. What a change has come overthe spirit of the people's representatives since the days -not so long past-when the eqnatttors were held up to obloquy as "tallowpots" and "woolpacks," and oligarchs! Now a measure is being calmly discussed for giving these " robbers," as Mr. Longmore was wont elegantly to term the pastoral tenants, a twenty years lease of their malloo runs, with compensation for all improvements oeffected during that period. The English language would have lacked epithets sufliciently strong to describn the' enormous wickedness of any such pro ceedings. Perhaps the scrub, the wild dogs, and the rabbits, don't excite the envy of legislators, or that some of our honourables intend going in for slices of the malice themselves. "Struck Oil" at the Theatre Royal has not belied its name so far as the pro prietary is concerned, for crowded houses (in fact there is hardly standirg room) nightly assemble to see Mr. Williamson and Maggie Moore in the respective parts of Jan and Lizzie Stofel. " Un Ballo in Maschera" at tile Opera is proving a bettor draw than " Carmen." The English opera season closed last night at the Princess Theatre, when " Les Cloches do Cornovillo" was given, the troupe leaving Melbourne to-day. The Polka still continue to do a fair business at the pretty little Bijou, and the iHiscocks Minstrels to delight their audiences at the Victoria Hall. Next week Mons. Poussard is to ro.appear before a Msel bourne audience. 