"ONWARD AND UPWARD."!": rOOTSCRAY, SATURDAY, AUGUST4, 1883 " ,The Salvation Army. [' THE rapid advance that the Salvation 4rmi?, has made in our, midst and, throughout, the colonies,: and; the in-, creasing energy ,that seems to character ise its m'embers, cannrotfail toarrest the atteiitin 'f ?fiyrYeflective minld MIts -extent demands{ somed : notice? The objects which': it irofesses to shave: in view the ingahthering of tle lovwest of society into the pale of Christlinity, and i oratoi- "are. certainly; lau able. :We: Vknow of nohiger au'o worthy object'than the elevation of tl6 lowaer ranks of society. ,Such phil wvhicl the coivert tgained by the alva tion Army. is not a bastard form of Christianity-, : are .treally, doubtfuil Certain it is that iiiuch of the ?phirase ology., adopted by. the': inajois" and officers" is of the. roughest, coarsest, and most coirrupting nature. -.Theatrical, extravagant,' highly 'exciting'-? they :a tempt too catch their hearers up iinfo the' blaze of their aipparient enthusiasm, and thus'to.win a victorylover, them by first captivating their- emotions.: 'l'he hys terical excitement and almosfiti demonia cal gestures that they resort to are, cer tainly an: innovation, and must prove distastefultosober-minded'church goers. Mainy there are twho believe?revivals of all kinds to . be antiagoniistic tot:iihe sobriety and solemiiity of the Christian religion -whilst others i may' be ; met with iwho believe thalit ieivals are imost conlsistent with ihe Christian ;doctrines, and who uphold :them :on theiTground that it is :only by' the operation iof the "' Holy ;Ghost" juinon individual souils that: conversilon to ' Christianiity is wrought, and that this operation is most rightly and ?successfully'carried on by, rousing iidividuals to a fieriyenthusiasm. We knolw,: however;;,of but. few meni of sober-minded intellect,: of cool: judg ment; whko would hdvocate the'efficacy of revivals as'equtial to that of conviction procured by calmi reasoning' aniid uni - passioned argument. The result of re vivals :is that ;those .who" have comine under ..the influence <of.~;their. usuial hysteric :enthusiasm,;, soon::.lose their fervour,; ind :become ca'eless, supine, ianid even ii:averse?"o a:,ll ireligion: after wiards.? This; 'e say, is: the' general; result, but we do not ,deny thati there are some whosei natures are emotional, arnd who codnstantly live; in. a state of h: feirvour iin religious matters '. :The' nguage, hihowever,e used by the. Salva don Army'i ritheir:ddresses and 'ymns Ciy--would not even come up to" the standard :of refinement that we 'inight expect to .iear from the -lowest of' the, low.?: To~ make their . hearers :believe that they ',are abject sinners; hated by God, the children of the Devil," they use -the most abominable aniid coarsest Ian·, guage: ..Their voca;bul'ir is full of hill, wrath, and brimstone, with an occa sional: -! Glory Hallelujah" interspersed throughout it.- ;.After making some poor, fellow, with, less - udgment'.- th-n, emotion; believe that he is possessed by 'a "legion,"'and tbiiit he is what someof them call a' "stricken ,one," they aire loud in theii'atteiiip'ts to maiike himnirfeel, persuaded that he, had received theifor- giveness of God.' What a chiildislh way of " whitewashing"i y one! But what aqdegrading practice it .is to encourage persons whod havae vledit licentious or profligate: life, to come forward ;to re count their own history, which is some times carried oin so far that.:the. new converts have appeared even to glory in their own' deeds: of' shame.' :This,' we arie sorry to say, is'a practice followeed by: members of.; the, Army. "` It is. an absolute deinaid that before enrolment,, a public confession of past sin-and ire pentance iust be 'iade?< No hiiuiiilia tion, no; degradation 'worse :or. lower, 'could be imagined, and its result?:must almost invariably lead to a sense of this degradation.. Successful ?'for a 'time, simsply because it met with' opposition at the, outset, andr because itwas. newn and: strange i';thi e movement has: pro gressed but of its diiuration 'we are in movementS thathaveoccurred through out theChiistisi" 'i it'?'iill' leave lehind' it perhlii isonie smiiall' sect, iv;iie'li e ll 'be ultra evangelic-il, and' add, anothier itothe long, list i.of divisioitsr of the"o)e chuirch. 