IXiiiftt oik lSllqiictfc. 1 Excuse me, gentlemen 1' said a young hilly, entering our 6aiictuui, 'but which ono of you is tho society editor ?' 4 We don't keep one on Ibis paper, Miss, snid a horse critic, 1 but the whole trauir tnfen u crack nt that stylo of journalistic labour once in n while. Is tbcro anything we can do for you ?' 4 1 was going to ask,' said tho girl, if it would be too much trouble for you to give mo some hints as to tho proper way to in » nvuuiug, uuw IIIV buppcr should by served, and so forth ?' 4 You want to know wliat is en rigglc and rccbercliy, as the French say' remarked the horse man. 1 We can givo "yu the correct pointer. Are you the blushing bride ?' 4 Yes, sir,' said tho girl in a rather weak voice ; ' that is — 4 Oh, I understand P said the horse editor. 4 1 appreciate your feelings. 1 was once young and bashful myself. Now, about this wedding ; tho receiving part is easy. After (he nuptial ccroraony is concluded, you and Jlike—' 4 But his name isn't Miko !' said the young lady, 4 his name is—' 4 Oil I 1 know nil about that, said the cxiuinc journalist. 4 Of couise his name is Abcldert, or Reginald, or socao other dry goods clerk nonsense, but in giving advice wo nlwnys nlludo to the sucker as Mike, and call the bride Hannah. It saves lime. Now, nftcr you and Mike are married, you want to jog along borne and plant yourself at the black end of tho itarlour. Better have a lloral bell, or something like that, to stand under, beenuso it is considered the correct thing and make a bettor toot essemblc, as tho French say. Then tho guests they get in lino and go by you in a slow walk— a kind of woburicu- liim-sadly-nt- dcad-of-night clip— and you shake hands with each one and say u Tlianks," awfully, and they look at you and Miko as if you were a couplo of prize cattle, and feel sorry for you.' 1 And tho eupnor V said the young lady. 4 Oh, yes ; too sopj»cr ! Well, nt some wedding tlioy fcod in the diuing room, and nt others each guests sits on n chair mid 1ms his lunch b.'ougbt to liiui. Now I always advise the use of cbopjied feed at weddiogs —bring on tho bam and sandwiches, and ice creams nt the same time. They can't cat the sandwiches first you kuow, because if they do the cream will melt, and if they throw in the cream to start with, the sandwiches will act like Bnnquo's ghost— "they will not get down !" And the horse rejiorter wloked vigoriously at the drain'atic critio in order to attract tho attention of that person to bis able joke. But the critic .wu Ar'iug ;to smoke a cigar that tbo advance jinent <Qt£bi Tmlc had given him. and ;he.di<i'.uw.ll9;)k. ,f Of. course; coutiuuod the ibiogaqfimr Ad OoldstnUh'fi Muid, ; it would "be Ibyttcriifj-ou could give each guest a .box «(at!;aud ithro.w the feed in early 5u the crcuuig. IbuttCirwds not oftcn'pmclicablc, so youlmdibuttja'Jkfiup oh the old racket j' I am sure I am vot thankful, tiir. Jur rtlie itcrcst'Ton have taken In the unattuL" $w»fl the girl,' "and I shall, follow wonr aubdoe. JVhich Is the way downstairs ijAciwe" ' 'There are 'two wny«\,? replied the kwrte reporter, "you cau jump dow.u .the Imielw- tt'nr. or take the stairs. Dtu- .cleratoriuuv-or itiufj. —.1 vicrtctin J'tipcr 