CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND, < , MISSION OFJ'ASMANIA: [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.]-,, j ' [FROM OUR I OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LAUNCEÎSTON WEDNESDAY.! The proceedings adjourned from yesterday were continued to-day at 10 a.m. The Rev. C. Price took the chair. The minutes were read and confirmed. The Rev. J. Nisbet proposed, and Rev. J. W. Simmons seconded, a vote of thanked the chairman for his able address on the previous evening. After a few complimentary" remarks the resolution was carried'' ^ The Rev. J. W. Simmons proposed-that the Rev. J. J Collier, who had accepted charge of the Don, be received and associated with the union. ~ Rev. J. Bennett seconded the motion, and Roy W. Law supported it. The motion was carried unanimously. ' ' 2- j . REPORTS.- 'I' ... Rev. J. W. Simmons submitted the report' of the Executive Committee, Hobart, Ins follows :- - - I Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Council, Since the last session of the general council there have been 13 meetings of the Executive Committee with an average attendance of seven members at each meeting. On the 6th of December the Rev. W. C. Robinson intimated his acceptance of the pastorate of the church at North Shore, Sydney, and his consequent resignation of office -as- secretary of the union. The members present expressed their regret at losing the services of one who had hold office for more than 10 years, and unanimously agreed to the following resolution, "That this committee learn with much regret that they are to be deprived of the valuable services of the Rev. W. C. Robinson that in accepting his resignation of the office of secretary to the union, they desire to express their sense of the diligent and efficient way in which he has performed its duties and that, feeling the loss the colony will suffer by his removal, they wish for him large success in the new field he is about to occupy. The committee very earnestly commend Mr. Robinson to the sympathy and confidence of the Congo o gotional Churches in New South Wales, and pray that when the Chief Shepherd shall appear he may receive the crew n of glory." A copy of this resolution was forwarded to the committee in Sydney, Mr. Simmons was requested to fill the vacancy, and consented to do so up to the annual meeting. During the last section of Parliament the Public Trusts Act became law. ", -,!.. lazy t it (.Tjiiii.M. a 1 6 Possibly its provision may be available to Congregationalists both as a union and in parts, The question, however-, is of great importance, and worthy the careful consideration of the Council. Correspondence will be submitted from the secretary of the union in New South Wales, inviting delegates to an intercolonial conference to be held in Sydney next May. The invitation has been accepted, waving the Council to appoint representatives, and under the impression that the churches here would not take the Congregationalists of a distant colony to pay the travelling ex-' penses, of geuUomon.front Tasmania.. According to promise, a deputation from the committee visited Bream Creek, and met . within ' cheering evidences of the useful work done by Mr. Coombe in that portion of his large district. 3 A deputation was also arranged to visit the Huon churches, but unexpected difficulties at the last moment prevented the accomplishment of a Bottled purpose The value of an occasional visit to country churches leads to the hope of some systematic effort in such respect during the coming year. The position of mission property, trust deeds, chapel building society, and provident funds will be submitted to the council in due order. In this summary the dictum of Archbishop Whately is not forgotten "No Christian and no particular church owes obedience to the Universal Church of which it is a part. There is not, and there never was, since the apostles' time, any such body existing as could claim such obedience. The Catholic Church on earth is not one society, but is one, just as the human race is one Mr. Henry Button submitted the report of the Northern Committee, which gave in detail the work of the Church at the North, with particular reference to the N.W. Coast. The friends there desired to remove the church into the middle of the township of Hamilton, and re-erect it on a convenient site, liberally given by Mr. James Smith, of Westwood. This would involve an expenditure of nearly £150. Another year had passed, but the committee regretted that they had not been able to make provision for carrying the message to any of the mining centres. The funds at their disposal were inadequate for the purpose, and they felt it would be unwise to commence in a way that would probably only result in a disastrous defeat or disappointment. The churches lacked to a lamentable extent the true missionary spirit. The various preach- ing stations near Launceston had been supplied as usual, and it was due to the friends at Rosevale to say that at their recent anniversary the sum of £15 was handed to the treasurer of the union. Mr. F. Piesse, as registrar, brought up the report of the trusts of the Congregational Union. Mr. Withrington read the report of the Church Building Society, which showed that very considerable progress had been made during the past 12 months. Messrs. Jas. Sailor (treasurer for the South) and Mr. H. Button (treasurer for the North) submitted their reports. i , Upon the motion of Rev. W. Law, seconded by Mr. Edgerton, the reports and treasurer's! statements were adopted. PUBLIC TRUSTS ACT. ' ? Rev. J. W. Simmons drew attention to the fact that a Public Trusts Act had been passed last session, and suggested the desire Heness of appointing a committee to consider the matter. It was ultimately agreed that the committee be appointed to report at the next annual meeting of the union ; the committee to consist of Rev. G. Clark, J. Nisbet, J. W. Simmons, W. Law, and Messrs. H. Button, F. Piesse, and S. Scott. Carried. * i CONGREGATIONAL JUBILEE, N.S.W., A communication was road from the Court gregational Union of N.S.W., inviting delegates to attend an Intercolonial Conference, to be held in Sydney in May next. It was proposed by Rev. D. B. Tinning, seconded by Mr. Edginton, and carried, that the invitation be accepted. The Revs. C. Price, J. W. Simmons, G. Clarke, W. Law, J. Nisbet, and D. B. Tinning were appointed delegates. SPECIAL REPORTS. The following special reports were brought up Cemetery Trust, by Mr. Jas. Salier ; Widows Fund, by Mr. S. Scott E Ministers' Provident Fund, by Mr. James Salier and Chapel Building Fund. The Rev. J. W. Simmons moved,-" That the Congregational Church be recommended to pay the premiums on life policies of ministers." Mr. S. Scott seconded this, and after some discussion the motion was carried., - .-- , . , 4 The Rev. J. Nisbet moved, That forms of bequest be printed with the aim mil report for the information of persons disposed to make bequests to the various institutions of the Church." This was carried. " '.'",, The Rev. J. Bennett moved consideration of " the meaning and application of our distinctive principle' stated at the head of the constitution." Upon this an interesting discussion followed, and an agreement of opinion on the general principle. The officers for the next year were appointed, as follows Rev. J. M. Bayley, Huon, president; Rev. W. Coombs, Kangaroo Point, to preach annual sermon ; Rev. J'. W. Simmons, secretary. The Rev. Law moved' That the next annual meeting be held at Launceston, so as to unite at the opening, of the new church." This was agreed to on that understanding. ' ' ' "Arrangements were made for delegates to take part in the foundation services to-morrow. In the evening the Rev. J. M. Bayley proached in the church to large con then, taking for his text Acts ix. 31, had the church" rest." He 'dcalt<'with the cruel persecutions of the early Christian church, the conversion of Saul of Tarsus, and the facts following thereupon viz., that the churches were edified and multiplied owing to the rest from persecution, the walking of the congregation in the fear of the Lord, and their having' the comfort of the Holy Ghost, no deduced from these incidents the conclusions that there are conditions under which no church can prosper, and conditions also under which no church can fail to prosper. gross 