Coronation of the Czar. (Argus Oorretpfndeneei Moscow, May 27. At 7 o'clock this morning the inauguration of the magnificent ceremonies attendant upon the coronation of the Emperor and Empress of all the Russias was announced by the ringing of hundreds of bells and a thunder of artillery. Even at that early hour the streets were thronged with people, visitors from abroad and from other parts of the empire crowding the casements, all striving to find eligible places from which to view the procession. Such places were worth a great deal of money. During the entire night there was unusual activity in the streets. Not only were those people there whose anxiety concerning the coronation kept them awake, but a strong guard of soldiers patrolled all parts of the city, giving the streets a very martial appearance. Great bodies of soldiers, shortly before 6 o'clock, were stationed along the route of the procession, some four miles in length, and occupied the streets on either side, keeping the people on the walks. All the unreserved spaces in the streets were speedily filled by eager sight-seers, while windows, doorways, and house tops were let out at fabulous prices to visitors. The dignitaries of the realm who were to take part in the actual ceremony assembled according to the pre-arranged programme at the Cathedral of the Holy Assumption within the walls of the Kremlin. These functionaries entered the magnificent buildings at just 7.30 a.m. At about eight there followed in order the foreign princes, the nobility of Russia and other States of Europe, and the special and regular ambassadors of foreign countries residing in Russia. The utmost care was exercised to prevent the admission of any unauthorised or improper persons, each individual as he appeared at the entrance being made to exhibit a carefully prepared ticket, which was subjected to the closest scrutiny. This form was observed also at the wall of the Kremlin and the doors of the cathedral. At the request of General Schleinitz, the Ambassador for Germany, 80 members, comprising the diplomatic corps, assembled at his mansion, and were conveyed thence to the Kremlin in superbly equipped coaches. The remainder of the diplomatic body, consisting of the attaches of the various legations, were assigned positions in a tribune just outside the cathedral proper, but inside the inclosure of the Kremlin. When the walls of the Kremlin inclosed all of the crowd that could be admitted, a choir of boys chanted the Te Deum, amid profound silence, outside the church as well as within it. The clergy, accompanied by acolytes bearing a cross and ewer of holy water, proceeded to receive the Czarovitch. This scion of royalty, who was surrounded by a brilliant cortege, took his place at the right hand of the throne. When the procession started it was made known to those inside the cathedral by the renewed ringing of bells, by the sonorous music from scores of bands, and by shouting from those outside. As the royal party appeared at the door of the palace, the immense multitude immediately uncovered their heads and burst into loud acclamations, in which even the women joined the enthusiasm being hearty and spontaneous. At the head of the royal barouche, which now entered the Kremlin, was the master of the ceremonies, flanked by heralds richly clothed and mounted upon pure white horses. The procession was of immense length, and comprised deputies from the Asiatic States of the empire, students of the University, the clergy, judges, nobility, and perfects from every section of the Empire. When the front rank reached the doors of the palace it was met by the Emperor, wearing the white uniform of a colonel of the Imperial guard, and the Empress, dressed in the Russian national costume of black velvet, richly embroidered with diamonds, and girdled with a magnificent belt of precious stones. The Empress leaned on the arm of her Imperial consort, and the pair placed themselves behind a canopy richly wrought in silk and gold, held by 32 generals of high military rank. They then took their place near the head of the procession directly behind the regalia. At this moment the entire body of the clergy emerged from the cathedral, in order to meet the regalia, which they publicly sprinkled with holy water and perfumed incense. Upon entering the portals of the cathedral the Emperor and Empress were received by the Metropolitans of Moscow, of Novgorod, and Reiff, who presented to them a cross to be kissed, and sprinkled them with holy water. Before the sacred images which flanked the doors of the cathedral the Emperor and Empress knelt and bowed their heads, after which they were conducted to two ancient thrones of ivory and silver. The Emperor occupied the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monomagere, while the Empress was seated in an arm-chair, gilded and encrusted with jewels. The thrones were placed on the dais erected, between the two middle columns of the cathedral, and over the dais was a canopy of scarlet velvet suspended from the arched roof. It was embroidered with gold and lined with silver brocade, which was worked with the arms of Russia and all her dependencies in the most ingenious manner. In front of the thrones were two tables covered with gold cloth, on which were placed the crowns, orb, and sceptre. Only the foreign princes were accommodated with seats The Russian princes and the other dignitaries stood during the entire ceremony, according to the custom of the Greek Church. The dignitaries of the realm who carried the standard and seals of the empire took their stand on the steps of the dais. After their Majesties were seated the metropolitan of Novgorod asked the Emperor in a loud, distinct voice, "Are you a true believer?" The Emperor, falling on his knees, read in a clear voice the Lord's Prayer and Apostles' Creed according to the Greek Church, the Metropolitan responding, " May the grace of the Holy Ghost remain with thee !" He then descended the dais. The following customary summons was then three times repeated by the bishop :-" If there be any of you here present knowing any impedi- ment for which Alexander, son of Alexander, should not be crowned, by the grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat of All the Russias, let him come forward now in the name of the Holy Trinity, and show what the impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever after." sending selections from the Gospel the metropolitan of Novgorod and Kieff again ascended the dais, and invested the Emperor with the Imperial mantle, the archbishop of Moscow saying at the same time, " Cover and protect the people I as this robe protects and covers thee." The Emperor responded, " I will, I will, I will, God helping." The metropolitan of Nov- good, crossing his hands on the head of the Emperor, then invoked the benediction of the Almighty God upon him and his reign, and delivered to Alexander the Third the crown of Russia, which he placed on his own head. Assuming the sceptre and orb, he took his seat on the throne. He then returned the insignia of his title to the dignitaries appointed to receive them, and called the Empress, who knelt before him. He touched her head lightly with his crown, and then formally crowned her with her own crown. The bearing and attitude of the Empress as she knelt was one of sympathy with her royal husband, and touched the audience deeply. The Czar preserved throughout the ceremony a grave and decorous dignity and nobleness of demeanour which aroused the admiration of all present. After the Empress had been duly invested with the imperial mantle, and their Majesties were both seated on their thrones, an archdeacon intoned the imperial titles, and sang " Domine silver face Imperator," which was taken up and thrice repeated by the choir. Directly this part of the ceremony was finished, the bells in all the churches of Moscow rang out in a chorus, while a salute of 101 guns was fired, and inside the cathedral the members of the imperial family tendered their congratulations to their Majesties. The Emperor then knelt and recited a prayer, at the end of which the clergy and all present knelt before the Emperor. The Archbishop of Moscow said aloud, on behalf of the nation, a fervent prayer of happiness to their Majesties ; shouts of " Long live the Emperor" then rent the cathedral, and were taken up by the thousands outside, and carried from mouth to mouth, until that part of the multitude which was unable to get inside the ample acreage of the Kremlin caught the sound, which waved a huge volume of human gratulation to the remotest parts of the city. The cathedral choir then sang the Te Deum, after which the Emperor in girded his sword, and accompanied by the Empress and numerous dignitaries proceeded to the gate of the sanctuary. There the metropolitan of Novgorod anointed the Emperor's forehead, eyelids, nostrils, and lips, ears, breast, and hands, at the same time exclaiming, " Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost ; may it keep thee ever holy." The Empress was anointed only on her forehead. Both took the sacrament, and then left the cathedral wearing their crowns and mantles, the Emperor also bearing the sceptre and orb. After praying at the Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel, their Majesties returned to the palace, escorted by a procession which presented even a more splendid sight than that which escorted them to the cathedral, being now augmented by the gorgeous state carriages of the Imperial family. Banners were waved from all points of the Kremlin, and the whole route of the procession fairly glowed with bright draperies and hangings. The Emperor re- entered the Palace by the celebrated red staircase from whence the land were anciently promulgated. There he turned and saluted the people, who immediately uncovered their heads, cheering enthusiastically and blessing the Czar. The cost of the coronation is estimated at £2,000,000, which will be covered by an issue of Treasury bills. Only 13 newspaper correspondents were allowed inside the cathedral during the ceremony, six Russian and seven foreign. The latter included one English and one American correspondent. A professor of the. academy and 12 artists have been appointed to make a complete album of the events of the coronation ceremonial. The square was so densely packed that it would have been impossible for any miscreant to have extricated his arms should he have intended to use them against the Czar. The Times correspondent, who was the only English newspaper representative in the cathedral, says the ceremony was so grand and imposing that his pen can give only a dim and imperfect impression of the event. The illumination to-night was magnificent, and the city looks one mass of variegated fires. The correspondent of a morning contemporary, in describing the illuminations, says : " I have seen many great illuminations, the most beautiful hitherto being that of Constantinople on the occasion of the Sultan's birthday, but none to compare with that of Moscow; and, indeed, the illuminations of other European capitals, with the jet devices and bright glare of gas, lack altogether the soft and fairy-like effect of the Oriental display given in Moscow." 