, LAUNOESTON BENEVOLENT '?: ''.,.vl-^' ..-.'.i!' SOCIETY. : /: ? ;?? .;!;{ ' ?The:usaaF-weeldy meeting of the Oorn mittee of AhisSociety was held Wednesday afternoon^1 in 'the Mayor's-room, Town Hall. Present — Messrs.. E. L. 'Ditchani (chairman), B. .P Farrelly, J. Tullooh^ M.' Tyson, J. Stophenson, T. H. Urqu hart, J. Ellis, 'j A. W. liirchall, (J.1 Babington. , . ; ' . ' ': ? '? t' The relief-roll waa called over, and n . - - r . . ? . f _ ? i * . t* i» *i ? ' i ? ?? ^ - * j i t tne-minutes oi tne mat meeting reaaana pdnfirm'ed;''-' '?. ; , ?' ''?' :; . ? ? ' ! ? ?'There1 was one application for relief granted, that of an old ' woman; whose husband' ib in the Invalid Depot. A -pair of ' Dlahkets 'were granted to another wpmanv'' :-'::.V, ??_ -. ' ''' ? ?'?'?- ? ?/The Oliairman said he had read with interest a local in the Examiner with refe rence to '. juvenile offenders; and quite' agreed: with the 'Police Magistrate's1 re marks 'as 'to'Hthe desirableness1 of some' institution for ? boys. A great»;, many similar oases had come under his notice' when1 ori the Bench, and on other bcoa Bions^and he thought that theGovernmenfc we're, 'penny wise and pound foolish'- in' not having some such institution.- ' He went on to say that the Industrial Schools' Act,1867, 31 Vio., No. 37, was intended to deal with cases of this description, 'by givingtwo' justices ;of the peace the power to send juvenile, offenders of bofchJeexes to any such' institution as there mij»ht'be,; providing ?'thei'governing bodies of' the' said institution would consent. But the law as regards boys is a dead letter,' as there 'is- no institution, for them/ The' Launceston - Girls' Industrial School, although ' it was ? little known to ' the general public, and had great obstacles thrbwfa in' its way, had turned out a- great success,' arid: he could speak from experi-' once as to what capital servants the girls made.' There were'twenty-two girls at'thia; institution at present, and ho had 'no- j hesitation ih' saying that had they1 not' gorie: to this school, more than -half of them'wduld have been on the streets.^ In1 spite of the law giving any two justices I power :tp- send a girl to the school,. I several times when he been on the Bench I the Police Magistrate had refused to make J out an order, for admission, saying- that- I he had instructions from tho Government I not to send any girl to the Industrial I School 'until1 tlie caso had been investi-- I gated. ; It was certainly right . that . sucbl I cases should :beinvestigated, : but as in 19 I cases out of 20 the police- know the I history of all offenders who appear before I the Bench, and' can -therefore give'1 the I Bench any particulars they may wish to. I have, the word 'investigation' appears I to be a misnomer, and : though , probably I the Government had private reasons for I issuing such an order to the Police Magis- I trate, it was against tho law. As regards I itho boys, the Chairman said that some B isuch place was very necessary, and that fl greater assistance ought to bo rendered by H i the Government, and aa there were 'such! H i places in Hobart, there was no ? reason m : why we should not have them ? in; this H .town. ? -. ??. .???'.??' ' '.''J ':.r--;)''; H ! 'J'he secretary aoknowledged'1 the receipt ? ''?***'! ? ''' I ; Hobabt General Hospital.— Accord- ing to the annual report of the Hobart : General Soapital for the year 1882, 711 ? males and 342 females were treated, making a total of 1053, of whom 59 died. ? The annual coat of eaoh occupied bed was £68 3s Gd, as compared with £68 11s Id ' for the preceding year, and the not ex \ponditure was £5419 9s lid,- as against ' £5796 6s lid in the preceding year. [?? Longford Tabernacle. —, Our Long ford correspondent writes: — In reply to ? the requisition presented to Pastor M'OullougU last week, that gentle . .man has stated his inability to comply with the wishos of his congregation to ?r remain at Longford, in consequence of arrangements having been made which ' would not now consistently permit him , to ' alter his decision. ,? New Town Charitable Institutions. ? .—The annual report of tho New Town ^Charitable Institutions for the past ^year, which have just been laid before tho Assembly, states that tho cost of main ; tenance for eaoh inmate for the year 1882 .?was £12 15s 0|d per annum, an increase ' of 16s l|d upon the previous year, caused . HhrougbTincreased expenditure in provid , ing extra clothing for the female inmates. .No credit is taken for the labour per ?: formed by the inmates, which principally 'Consisted of digging ground, cultivating Vegetables, stone-breaking, and a few men ^working at tailoring, mending boots and ahoosj carpentering, etc. The state of 'health of the inmates, both male and ? female, is better than can well be ex pected, considering that many are very iaged, numbers are crippled, and the ^majority have led hard and dissipated .lives. The death-rate speaks favourably of. the unexceptionable situation in which -the institutions are located, and will create no surprise. The number of deaths ' — males 94, females 35, total 129, at the . average age of 73 years — requires no explanation. The total expenditure, in cluding the Brickfields branch, was £8493 18s 8d, and the amount received for the sale of road metal, etc., was £107 13s Id. '=??'? Tikbd of Life.— -A. middle-aged man named James Moss was taken into cus tody 3rd inst. by Constables Dore and P. Burke on a suspioion of being of unsound mind. The man has lately been implicated in a number ' of larcenies about the wharf, and was only lately liberated from gaol. He has recently Bhowed signs of lunaoy, and fears were . entertained that he would attempt suicide. On 3d inst. he was noticed conducting himself in a very peculiar manner on the Bussian Wharf, evidently having serious intentions of casting himself into the dark ?? flowing river, ' anywhere, any where out of the world.' A policeman wai sent for and Moss taken into custody, i ;Thb Iberia Immiokants. — The whole of the adult selected immigrants who \- arrived here last week have obtained employment, some being engaged by country residents. That this first. con- signment of immigrants should have been absorbed within forty-sight hours of their arrival is very satisfactory, but the difficulty with new arrivals is noc in obtaining employment but in obtaining accommodation, rents being so high, and cottages almost unobtainable, while there is. an absolute scarcity of what maybe termed workmen's cottages. Despite the new buildings that are going, up in. every direction, and which are generally bespoken as soon as the foundations are in,r there is an increasing demand for houses in Launceston ; and it is, there fore, evident the population must be rapidly increasing. ' ? A ROUNDABOUT ANNOUNCEMENT OP A Birth, — A. distinguished Boston olergy man, desiring to inform his mother of an interesting domestic event, sent her a poBtal card containing the' following directions : — From, sweet Isaiah's sacred aong, ninth chapter and verse six, first 13 words please take, and then the fol lowing affix : — From Genesis the 35th, verse 17 (no more), then add verse 26 of King's book, second chapter four ;; the last two verses chapter first, first book of Samuel, and you will learn what on that day your loving son befel. The following is the first passage :— 'For unto us a ohild is born, unto us a son is given.' The Muddy Plains Road.— We have heard great complaints of the state of the Muddy Plains Road, a short distance be yond the Traveller's Rest, and if prompt measures are not taken to fill up the ruts ? Home serious accidents will. . probable ensue. This portion of the road is, we understand, under the jurisdiction of the Carrick Road Trust. If so, active steps are sure to be taken without , further delay, for the Carrick Trustees for the time being are, as a rule, attentive to their duties. Dynamite as a Blood Poison. — An English paper says :— It may not be generally knotvn that one of the most potent blood poisons known is dynamite. Merely to touoh it with the hands causes violent headaohej one drop of nitro glycerine, put on the tip. of the tongue, produces excruciating agony in the spine. ? If brought in contact with a wound it would probably prove as fatal as the bite of the cobra di capella of India or the terrible rat-tailed snake of the West Indies ? though we have never heard of the experiment being tried either volun tarily or the reverse. The remedy used by; miners for blood poisoning by dyna mite is atrong coffee and lime juice,. :.. j: Murder and Suicide in a Gaol. — A. : Wellington (N.Z.) telegram dated Saturday states : — There has been a shocking murder; followed by the suicido; of the murderer, in Nelson gaol. David son, who on the 23rd June last was tried in the Supreme Court for the murder of Denis Quinlan, at the Lyell, and who was ' convicted of manslaughter, was sentenced to imprisonment for life. Since his incarceration he has been employed as cook in the gaol. This morning, shortly after entering the kitchen, he attacked one of the. warders, named Adams, with a knife, with which he stabbed him. and killed him on the spot. Immediately after committing this murder Davidson rushed to the guard-room, which having broken open, ho seized a loaded revolver. Being thus armed' he was con fronted by the' gaoler, whose wife also came to her husband's assistance in his endeavours to disarm the aBsassin.! Davidson would not surrender, but Bhot himself dead. The affair^ caused very strong excitement in the prison. The Victorian Defences. — The Mel bourne Herald says :— Interesting letters have been| reoeiyed from Major-General ? Scratchley, now in England. He states that Lieutenant Collins, of the Cerberus, who was sent home to freshen up liis knowledge at H.M*S. training ship Vernon, had arrived, but some difficulty would occur in procuring him admission to tho July classes, whieh were all full. Should the Agent- General not be success ful in obtaining the lieutenant a place in this he would join the October one. The Brennan torpedo is being constructed by the Admiralty at Chatham, under Mr. Brennan's personal supervision, and a public trial of it will take place in September next. It has been decided to supply the gunboats with two classes of weapons the one of the ' man-killer ' kind, with whioh ordinary rifle ammuni tion would bo used; and the other between a field-piece and ihe largest sized machine gun capable of firing ten rounds of steel shell per minute. It is possible the Hodgkiss gun, or one similar in pattern to it, will be selected for this. The tor pedo boat is also progressing satisfactorily towards completion. The Costley Bequest.— The New Zea land Herald states the amount of the Costloy bequest to the charitable insti tutions of the city of Auckland to be as Eollows : — 1. Freehold properties valued at £25,350, yielding a rental of £1605 per annum. 2. Moneys invested on mortgage, £27,400. giving an annual interest of £2488. 3. Moneys on fixed deposit at various banks, £12,000, yielding an annual interest of £640. 4. Bank and other Bhares, £1930, paying an aunual dividend of about £130: The total value is £66,680, and the annual income £4858. The institutions benefited are : — 1, Free Public Library ; 2, Hospital; 3, Old Men'B Refuge ; 4, Kohimarama Training School; 5, Orphan's Home ; 6, Sailors' Home ; 7, Institute. AtaDy of the properties are leased at low rentals for long terms. These rentals yield a yearly interest of about 6J per cent., and the amount rea lised by a sale by auction would hardly be more than £25,000. Were the properties aot encumbered by low rentals on long leases, they would be worth to-day not less ihan £50,000. When the leases fall in, the value of the properties could hardly be less than £150,000. A Curious Exhibition. — An English paper says a novel exhibition has lately been on view in the north of London. It jonsisted of nothing but an array of sigar ends collected during seven years' peregrinations up and down the metro politan thoroughfares; The enterprising jollector reckons that in this time he has travelled nearly 12,000 miles on foot, and lie has picked up 60,000 pieceB of cigar, weraging an inch and a half eaoh. He is 3aid to have valued his stock, thus literally composed of odds and ends, at £1800. Northern Finance Committee.— The usual monthly meeting of the above Com mittee was held at Trinity Ohuroh at 3 p.m. on Monday. Present — The Yen. Archdeacon Hales (in the chair), Rev. , J. Chambers, Messrs. F. W. Steiglitz, W. Turner, and F. Belstead (Secretary). Proceedings were opened with prayer, after which the minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. The Treasurer road a statement of sums received since last meeting, and also of the present state of the finances. The Secretary read a letter from the Seoretary of the Church Society, Hobart, covering a statement of the accounts between the Soci.ty and' the Northern Finance Committee. It was resolved that the stipends for July be paid, and the meeting then terminated. Mount Bischom1 Provident Hos pital. — The annual report of the Mount Bischoff Provident Hospital which has been recently laid before the House shows that 26 patients were received luring the past year, only one of whom 3ied. The receipts were £618 13s2d, and the expenditure £626 7s 8d, leaving i debit balance of £7 14s 6d. New Registers. — Two new registers, lontaining all water rights and mineral Leases issued in the colony, arrived at the office of the Commissioner of Goldfields onMonday, where, they can]be inspected on payment of the usual fee for inspection. This1 is the first step in the direction of putting the northern office oh the same footing in; the matter of information as the southern. '; '..','..?' . .,;i . .... The King of the Hawaiian Islands. —Information has. been received that King Kalakaua, sovereign of the Hawaiian Islands, contemplates a visit to Australia/ Tho King is a cultivated and highly edu cated gentleman, conversing in three languages, a cultivated musician, and a successful composer. Ho is the most travelled monarch in the world, having visited China, Japan, the Continent of: Europe, and a number of Eastern coun tries too numerous to particularise He is also the moafc decoratod Sovereign in the world. The kingdom consists of eight islands, with a population of about 40,000, but this has been enormously increased of late by the influx of Ameri cans, attracted by the prosperity of the sugar industry ; and of Chinese, who are pouring in at the rate of about a thousand per month. Its independence for ever is guaranteed by England, France, and the United States of America, and the arrival of the King at this juncture will prove an important fact . in exhibiting the self governing powers of the native races of the Pacific under European tutelage. ' The New Bishop of Sydney.— The Rev. Alfred Barry, D.D., D.C.L., who, as our London telegrams have informed our readers, has accepted the position of Bishop of Sydney, is the second son of the late eminent architect Sir Charles Barry, B.A. He was born in 1826, and was oducated at King's College, London, and Trinity College, Oambiidge, graduat ing at the latter place Bachelor of Arts in 1848 as fourth wrangler, second Smith's prizeman, and a first-class of the Classical Tripos. He obtained a fellowship in the same year, took the degree of M. A. in 1851, and having previously been ordained deacon by the Bishop of Ely, was in 1853 admitted to priest's orders by the Bishop of Oxford. From 1851 to 1854 Dr. Barry was Bub-warden of Trinity College, Glen almond, and from 1854 to 1862 was head master of the Grammar School |at Leeds, which by his energy and ability he raised to a very high position amongst the educational institutions of England. In 1862 he was appointed Principal of Cheltenham College, and after six years' work there became Prin cjpal of King's College, London, a posi tion he has held up to the present. In 1869 he was anpointed Examining Chap lain to the Bishop of Bath and Wells, in 1871 a Canon Residentiary of Worcester Cathedral, in 1875 Honorary Chaplain to tho Queen, and in 1880 Chaplain in Ordi nary to her Majesty. In 1881 he waB appointed to a canonry of Westminster, and from 1871 to 1877 was a member of the London School Board. Dr. Barry is the author of — 'An Introduction to the Old Testament,' 'Notes on the Gospel,' 'Notes on the Catechism,' ' Life of Sir Charles Barry, R.A.,' 'Religion for Every Day,' 'What is Natural Theology,' etc.,; and has also published a number of essays, leotures, and sermons. We may mention that Dr. Barry is a first cousin of Mrs. Wm. Cleveland, of Launceston. Cholera and Small-Pox Outbreak at Fiji. — The following from the Suva Times of the 23rd June explains the action of the authorities at Sydney and Melbourne in declaring Fijian ports infected places : — 'The ship Poonah arrived on Monday last from Calcutta with 495 ' souls on board, exclusive of captain, officers, and crew. There had been twenty-six deaths from the time of departure until arrival, the majority from cholera. Five cases of small-pox were reported, but no deaths had occurred from that disease. The engineer died from cholera. The vessel is quarantined, and the present proposal of the Government is that she shall proceed to Nukalau, and there discharge passengers and stores, leaving the colony without having obtained pratique. There will be a difficulty in placing the men under proper authority and 'in exercising due vigilance over the cargo, ' which will also have to be landed. A fresh outbreak having been reported mnce the arrival of the vessel, the Government issued posters, printed in the Fijian language, notifying the natives that infected coolie immi grants have beon placed in quarantine on the Island of Nukalau, and warning them not to approach it, or fish on the reef near it, under the usual penalties.' Thistle-down. — A correspondent writes to a Yorkshire paper saying : — ' I have for some years been giving attention to the raw materials used by our York shire and Lancashire manufacturers, and have discovered a vegetable product which will, revolutionise the trade. In texture it is as fine as silk, and in strength it is almost equal to silk, whilst it has the great advantage of being capable of being grown at the smallest possible cost, and piece goods may be produced at half the cost of wool. . The ' new material' ia thistle-down, which may be grown, in adundance on the ' waste1 moorlands of England and Scotland, and the Emerald Isle may also produce it, thereby adding to its wealth and benefiting us. For paper-making it is invaluable, and will produce the finest paper, whilst for ' felt ing', purposes it is destined to take a high position. As a rival to silk it will stand high in public favour, whilst it will enter freely into competition with 'KingCotton.' Unolaimed Property. — There is now lying at the Post-office for identification, by last San Fraijcisco. mail, copies of the American . Agriculturist, with . address rubbed ? off,,' and some packets ; also a splendid sample of oats, and a^gentleman's brace of fine workmanship., ; : Melbourne Savings Bank..— The 42nd report of the Melbourne Savings Bank for the year ended SOth June last is a very satisfactory one, there being nearly 8000 more depositors and over 50,000 more transactions than in the previous year. This bank has six branches in the suburbs, and on 30th June there were 40,033 accounts open, the total amount at oredit of depositors, including interest, being £1,055,612 0s Id, or an average of £26 7s 4d per depositor. The amount received from depositors for die twelve months was £873,277 3s 7d, and the amount paid was £974,855 2s 7d. The amount received the previous year was £909,992 Os Id, and the amount paid was £670,957 2s 7d, tho large increase in the amount paid being Bolely attributable to the high rates of interest prevailing, which have induced many of the larger deposi tors to invest their money in other ways. The total interest credited to depositors for the year amounted to £39,324 15a 4d. The Land Revenue of South Aus tralia. — According to one of the tables in the appendices to Mr. Glyde's financial statement, the. area of land sold and selected in that colony was, on June 30 last, 10,029,134 aoros. For this the amount actually paid is £8,317,842, and the amount becoming due on credit knda is £4,440,923 15s 5d. The area held on lease, with right of purchase is — ten years' leases, 84,967 acres ; scrub leases, 997,599 acres. The . rents from the ten years' Ieaso3 for 1882-3 amounted tn £2724, and for the scrub leases to £11,858 15s.' As much' as, 150,564,000 acres have been leased for pastoral purposes (including an nual leases), and 15,274,240 acres are held on preferential right claims for ? pastoral purposes. ; On these the rents for the past financial year reached a sum of £56,350. The miscellaneous leases have an area of 308,566 aores, the rents for the year being £13,334 15s. The area of land held under commonage licenses is 6,000,000 acres, for which £7450 was paid in rents for the year ; 295,000 ?, acres have been granted for education and university purposes ; and the total area of unoccu pied Crown lands (includins; lakes) is 59.691,294 acres. The total area of South Australia proper is 243,244,800 acres. The Victorian Railway Commis sion. — The Viotorian Government on July 31, says the Argus, named the maxi mum salaries to be paid to the Railway Commissioners. Each of the two com missioners may be paid up to £1500 per annum, and the ohairman up to £3000 per annum. Messrs. Woods, Walker, Wrixon, and other members urged that the Government were unnecessarily tying their hands by limiting the salary of the chairman. The chairman of the London and North- Western Company receives £7000 per annum, the chairman of the Midland Company £7000 per annum, and in other instances salaries of £8,000 and £10,000 per annum are paid. Mr. Service said that he is glad to perceive the desire of the House that first-class men should be secured in order that the new system should have a fair trial. Ministers have made inquiries, and believe that they can secure competent men for the salaries named ; but if they cannot they will increase the amount, and ask the House for authority for any larger sum. , ? '? L. and W. Railway.— In reviewing a few days ago the report of the L. and W. Railway for 1882, we said it would be interesting to note at a future date how much of the rolling , stock stated by the locomotive superintendent to be required to meet absolute necessities was actually granted. The estimates for 1884 are now issued, and we . find the total provision made ? for new rolling stock to meet the requirements of increasing traffic is— nil. We must therefore presume that the Government place no reliance upon the recommendations of their responsible officer, and that the Minister of Lands knows a great deal better than Mr. W. E. Batchelor or Mr. Lord what the requirements of the L. and W. Railway lino really are. Death of a Seaman. — When the bark Girvan, from London, entered Lagoon Bay on Saturday the signal flag for a doctor was seen to be hoisted. Dr. Richardson, of George Town, went on board, and found one of the seamen seriously ill, suffering from loss of blood. He was at once sent off by the Avon up to town, arriving here between 1 and 2 o'clook Sun day morning, but he died shortly after the Avon had come alongside the wharf. He had been suffering for the last ten days from diarrhoea,, and a breaking out in his right leg which had turned a black colour. Captain Mowat, of the Girvan, however, thinks the n:an has been ailing for some time past, but says that it in only during the last ten days he has com plained or been obliged to knock off work. No inquest was held, as Dr. Richardson certified he died from natural causes. The man's name was John Rice, aged 49 years. Earthquake Shocks. — Another shock of earthquake was felt by several resi dents on' Sunday morning. Dr. L. G. Thompson informs us that it was dis tinctly felt on Oox!s Hill, aad occurred at '6:47 a.m., .the vibration's! apparently tra velling from west to east.' lit will.be seen by our European telegrams that' another shock has been felt at Ischia, Italy.. , A Novel Banquet recently took place (says the Dublin Warder) at the hotel Bellevue. It was the third annual dinner of the Last Man'B Club, formed three years ago. It has seventeen members. Each member must attend ; the dinner annually. Death, serious illness, or separation by great distance alone excuses. At every dinner a place 1b kept for each absent member whether living or dead, and dishes aad wines served ^ opposite their empty chairs the same as if they were present. A curious and elegant tankard of beaten silver filled with wine is passed around the table and quaffed by each one present until emptied. As each member dies his name will be engraved, on: the tankard until finally the last man surrounded by the overflowing plates and* full glasses, and the empty chairs will drink to their memory alone. Then the dinners will cease, and the tankard will bocome the last man's property. . A Voluminous Dictionary. — The new English Dictionary, by Dr. Murray, h'aa progressed to the end of the article ?' alternate,' and at that point there 'are over 6000 entries as compared with under 3000 in Webster. By the end of June the whole of the manuscript to the end of 'an' will, unless pome unforeseen delay should occur, be in type. The statisti cians connected with the project have calculated that the work will contain nearly 200,000, main entries, and that tho quotations will reach to more than a million in number. The first part of. the undertaking will probably be ready for distribution in a few months ;' it is* pro bable, indeed, that by next spring English students will have in their hands the opening volumes of two works for which! they_ have long pined —a new English dictionary and' a new : encyclopaedia of national biography. : .','' The Nutmeg Tree in New GuiNE.fl— There is a possibility of large fortunes being made in New Guinea (remarks the - Pioneer Mail) by the cultivation of .the nutmeg. The nutmeg tree is found in great abundance in that island, and gives its name to one of the finest pigeons in the world, a bird as large as the, hen turkey. Since the collapse of the nutmeg at Singapore we have been indebted for the most part to our old rivals, the Dutch, for nutmeg and mace. But the nutmeg trees of Singapore were importations ; the tree was not so indigenous to the place as in New Guinea. Thejoultivation is, or was, the most profitable of anything no know of, surpassing cinchona and coffee in their best days. Singapore owners 'of nutmeg plantations— mere compounds planted witli the handsome tree — used to realise their £4000 or £5000 a year ; but in one dark and memorable year the trees were all stricken with a blight, and num bers of planters enjoying large incomes were reduced^to poverty. The tree be, came . white and leafless, a vegetablo skeleton, and no attempt to revive the cultivation of the nutmeg at Singapore has ever proved successful. Railway to Chudleigh. — A corres pondent, whose letter appears in another column, appears to have made out a strong case in support of his claim to have the Launceston and Western Railway ex tended to Cbudleigh. If his statements are correct, and they are too precise to admit of doubt, the short extension asked for would cost only a small sum, while) it would be immediately reproductive, and, greatly tend to benefit the present holders of land and stimulate further settlement,. Setting an Example.— Our Emu Bay correspondent- telegraphs the following incident ?.—'The horses attached to O'Neill's coach this afternoon bolted. The driver fell off. , The proprietor and two passengers jumped out, while a female passenger who remained inside gathered up the reins, and pulled the horses in.' No comments are necessary. Mechanics' Institute. — The portrait of the late Mr. J. W. Gleadow has been anonymously presented to the Institute'. Mr. Gleadow was one of the early fathers of the colony, and was found furthering every good, benevolent, and patriotio . object. Both as a legislator and a citizen he did valuable work. '?','!., Doings at Sheffield. — -A corres-' pondent sends an account of some recent matrimonial festivities whioh to say the' least were peculiar. He adds that the the Wesley aus intend to hold a bazaar about the end of the year in aid of their church fund. The annual ploughing match has been fixed for 22nd mst., but the ground has not yet been decided on^ The weather was very wet and cold. , - Arnold's Balsam of Horehound. — Nothing so quiokly cures ooughs, whooping oough, bronchitis, asthma, loss of voice, influ-. enza, hoarseness, and weak ohost ns this balsam. Excellent for ohildren. Very safe and reliable in croup. This is the best expectorant now in , use, relieves by dissolving the congealed phlegm. A single doeo quietenB and gives relief ; a small bottle of tea ourea. Ask for ' Arnold's' and get it ; spurious imitations are sometimes, offered. — (Advt.) . GHOSTS.— An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that fill some of the journals. The. sceptical mind is, however, inolinod to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marloy'B ghost : ' How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested, bread ?' for, of all the ghost producers, ft bit of 'heavy' bread ifl the most potent. It is a, wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt tho surest spell against ghosts by using Borwiok's. Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread;, for, although it won't 'raise, ghosts,'., it will. raise, broad in the moat' admirable fashion.; Every, wise storekeeper has it by him, and every , ood housewife buys t. , '.??'' ' ?? ? ; Increased Whakf Accommodation.— - Xt the meeting, of. the Launcestori Marine Board 'on Tuesday tlio subject of pur chasing extra wharf accommodation towards the Tamar Bridge came on for disousaion. A. doubt was expressed by two wardens if the proposed addition was necessary at the present time. It waa argued in favour of the motion for the purchase that it was very , desirable, indeed, for the Board to possess the whole frontages from Sydney Place to Tamar Bride. It was eventually decided that Government be recommended to purchase 3Pa wna's Wharf for £2500. The plans of this wharf, which wore placed before' the Board, showed a frontage on the North1 Esk of 119ft. 5in., with a siding adjoining the Mount Bischoff Co.'s Wharf of 70ft. 8in., and a siding next ' to Sydney Place of 70ft.,, the back line running parallelto Mr. FawnB's-building of 135ft. : 4iri;' // _, : TaSMANI AN SoHOfiAKS ? ABROAD .tt'MJV Claude 'W. B.ock,: formerly a .pupilat the Launceston Church Grammar School) ?who gained the Tasmanian Scholarship in 1881j has, we are glad to learn, lately added to the list of his honours; : The English mail whioh arrived oh Tuesday brought the. news that at the May ex aminations Mr. Rock was placed at the head of his year In Clare College, Cam bridge, 'and the University authorities have in consequence awarded him the substantial reward of a Scholarship worth £60 per annum. , We may mention that Mr.: Claude Rock, who is the eldest -son of 'Dr. Rpckj:of Delorairie; entered' Clare College in October last, and his present performance has never been excelled by any ? Tasmanian Scholar.' 'Indeed his educational.succeases reflect great credit upon the Launceston Church Grammar Sshpol, where, he has received the whole of hia training, his' teacher in classics haying been the,.. Kev.MW., H.. Savigny, 'head master, ,and in mathematics Mr. E. A. Nathan, the .present house , master. ,? -? At the previous : examinations ? : at 'Glare College,' held at the latter ' end' Jof last yeari better known :by '.the 'name. of ..''.the Little-go,' Mr. Rock obtained a, first. plass in 'each subject,./; .-?_ ? ?;.' -; i ' ????. ??? n!T i;- - l.',0HAMiER op ^.poMMBtfoB.^ji'1' special meeting of the .Chamber oi Commerce was to have-been held Wednesdayafternoon at the Mechanics' 'Institute, for the : purpose of, discussing the Treasurer's financial statement but' as only some' ?five' or six, members, including! the mpveiyvput'in,'im appearance, .(the' meeting was ; allowed to fall, through. ^ ?-???' -?? ???'??[J_ ??'??, ' '?; '?? ':''_ ''_ ^ ''?Oaptain ' dADEii's' - Relatives. Vf- The Governments' ':i of New South' Wales, ?Victoria and ?South Australia ' have been ' requested '.to contribute jointly a sum' of £1000, to aid the; sisters of the late Cap tain iVErancis , Oadell (the explorer of the. River Murray); - who are residing in Great Britain m very reduced circumstances, if , not',' in'abs'oiute poverty. . The case (says; the ;'' Argm) has been considered by the! ' Ifcictorian .Cabinet, and they have readily: debided 'to 'subscribe , a third of the pro posed fund, viz., £333 6s 8d, subjeot, of course, to , the approval of Parliament. In 1870 he embarked, in the' pearl fishery, on the Western Australian coasts, and in March, 1879,. after 1;iu, life ot strange ?vicissitudes£ihe';came 'to a tragic : end.' tfhen' cruising''- inl;'.tho vicinity ''.of tn'e^ll'Kei''. Islands' ' with' 'a';, cijew^of . bTackfellpws, iihe ,'iWas', .foully,' murdered, inihhis own cabin :by:, one' of. the men.: Major-GeneralOadelli of India1, 'in writing' of 'his- brother's death 'to.'Mr. ' J,r' J.1 ShtUinglaW,'of,th:is,city, says:-^';Frfink'fl.; last letter to me was dated, from-Banda,; 3rd March, 1879. ; He said ,-4-* t ;am the ' only white: man and seamandn' the vessel^ ?which gives me lots- of wbrkj but -my i health is, thank God, good.' The exact date of his death is yet unknown, but sHortly1 after, when near the Kei, Islands one'|'eyenihg'i ,'he ' was shot while ' lying asleep', injvbis:; cabin ' by one of the crew, who discharge' d in rapid succession six barrels of a revolver into his ohest.' The ere'w robbed and scuttled the vessel, and tiien- decamped, ' but ! the murderer was' captured'and brought to justice.. '.^ , SettibmentJof Tasmania. — Yesterday, the 'anniversary of the settlement of Tas \- .mania ^by Lieutenant Bbwen, R.M., whichv took.1. place in 1803. Lieutenant Bowen left Sydney in the Lady Nelson with Mr.; Jacob Mountgarret, a surgeon, Mi?. Williams,' a storekeeper ; a detach ' meht of the New South .Wales corps* and a'few prisoners, on the 3rd of June, for the purpose ;of forming a subsidiary penal settlement, and of forestalling the French Exploring Expedition under Commodore Baudin, which was believed to be casting longing eyes on the island.- Lieutenant Bowen, who bore the title of Commandant and Superintendent, landed at'a spot on the/banks of the Derwent River, and. eventually Restdown— corrupted to Ris don— was ohoaen a3 the site of the future convict establishment. : ' .-.???. '?TffErREOENT ; Customs ,SBiz0iiE.rTrWe: understand 'that, the .adjourned, /case against' Morris Copn, of attempting ,tq- smuggle a. quantity: of jewelry into, Laun ce'ston'from Melbourne on July 13, will beTagain called , on for , hearing afc.the Pblico Court early next week. In the; ? event of the defendant not appearing, and 'there is^no^'oason ,to , believe, that ,.he willy 'the application* by the Customs authorities for forfeiture of the goods will be heard ex parte. The Sydney University — A deputa tion of- the professors of . the Sydney University waited upon the Minister of Public Instruction on Friday, says the Argtis to urgo the, necessity for the immediate application of the snm , of £20,000 voted by parliament for additional buildings in connection with the depart ments of medicine, natural science, engineering, and modern languages. Dr. Badham pointed out that the present accomodation was totally inadequate to the wants of the classes. at present carried on, and that ..additional classes were now being established on various: subjects of :\tho - ,' medical'/ .- and scientific school'.' Tho necessity' for. in creased space; was therefore, urgent. Professors. Liversedge, ; : Gerhey,.' . and Anderson1. Stuart also; :spoke; on'the subject of the inefficiency of; the present; accommodation. /Mr. ':'? (^..'.H.' Reid 'ex pressed his pleasure .at receiving a'deputa tion from': the' Uriiv.ersity^rwhioh he fully rocogriised as the crown'Of the whole' edu cational system of the colony. He admit: ted the urgency of new buildings) and pro mised to. hurry on the necessary work. ; ?'. ). The New .Bishop of. Tasmania. — By the last English mail the administrator of the diocese, the Ven; Archdeacon Hales, received two cabinet photographs of :, the Rev. ? Canon Sandford,' who is now on his way out to this colony in the Orient.; These have been framed; arid -will be^oh view to-day at the establishment 6f Messrs Hudson & Hopwpod,,afld Walch Bros, &' Birchall, respectively. Canon' Sandford may be expected to arrive in Melbourne about the last week of the present month, and. will probably Stay, there a few days, and then proceed tp Hobart by one of the Union Co. 's steamships. .Upon his arrival he will be met by the administrator of the diocese,!. and as many of the Anglican clergy and others as may be able to attend/ and on the following day aii address of , . welcome , from ... the ;, .clergy, f , and lay representatives, of . the : Synod will be' presented at St. David's Cathedral, and also an1 address' from ;the 'Dean' 'and1 Chapter. Inthe evening yd 'welcome tea' meeting will be' held' to ihtrjOduce the new fiishpptp his flock. '? jAs soon as possible after i his arrival Canon Sandford /will 'be formally enthroned as Bishop1 of Tasmania at St. David's.. Qathedral, by the Ven. Archdeacon Hales.'; A meeting, .of the Synod will probably be; held abo^t-the end of November,; by, ,;(vJiicb.. timenthe 'Ven. .' Archdeaoon Davenporb- 'will* have' returned from1 England. ' Canon .Sandford' is accompanied by the Rey.YMr.'j'.Oble,1. who has been snly recently prdamea, .and the Rev. Mr- Wopl'nbugh, ? wh6.'has'.:been appointed organising secretary 'to lithe Church Society'; ;, 'is' expected to' arrive soon after him. '.:?/:,.' .;1,,' . Stage GpssiF. -7- Melbourne playgoers, whoso recollections' data baok to the days1 of the 'Irbnrpot,'. ,in Lonsdale-street, will regret, says the Argus, to hear of the : death in New York,' from Bright's disease, of Charles Backus, , the founder jof . the, company of negro minstrels which bore m*B name,,. and included :S. Campbell,. 0. Abbott, and; OttoBurbank. He visited these1 colonies twice; the' first^time in ) 1855-6, '.' when h.e made . a fortune -by his tour. He was overflowing ,w,il;h humour, and; as ,a,:mimic;he had few: superiors. ' Nobody ' who has seen' his limitations of a. iGhinamahy will ever forgetth'e'wbnderful ve'ri-similitude of face, movement, y.oice,; ' and^^ntonatibn; which .they' ; exhibited . 'The son of a Burgeon and; the grandson of the iirst. president of Hamilton College) fTT S flift.ln.fft nharlflH TlftrtViTH var nHli cated'With a view to a,literary career, but his invincible' predileotibh' for' the stage .impelled him' at the, age of 20 to solicit jand: obtain: an engagement at' Cleveland, ( Ohio, where he made his first appearance as Jerry Clip, in the 'Widow's Victim.' jHe died at the comparatively early age of '61. Another old Melbourne favourite, !Mr. Joseph Jefferson, has announced his intention of retiring from the stage at the close of the ensuing. American season, which commences in September. He has amassed an ample fortune, and purposes to devote himself to the pursuit of lahd scapo painting, a taste for which he in herits from his father; who, besides being, 'like his ^grandfather and great;! grandfather, a. good ' actor, ?'_ had , also studied architecture, drawing, .: and paint ing, under Coyle, an English scenio artist of repute. ' In aft Mr. Jefferson is a dis ciple of the school, of Corot, Millet^., and Manet. ',' . '' '. , '/, ..' .. ,,.,'?).,,. -.'; A CpOMJtODATIOlf . FOR IMMIGRANTS. — One of the greatest difficulties in connec tion with fchn int.rndnotinri of irnmitrrnritH is to' find them ' residences. Probably many persons might have one .or two rooms available, or perhaps cottages, if they only knew that these were, wanted. To meet this, want as1 much .as possible before the next batch of immigrants arrives. , Mr. Stokes intimates' that he , has opened a register, in which he iwill. take the name? of all persons having cottages or rooms available for the purpose, so that the new comers may. bo , provided for immediately on landing. The, idea is a good one, arid .is. Calculated to suit the convenience of both parties.- ,;, ? Concert.— A. most successful concert, n; aid of the family, of the late. Oapt. Iiirigtwa8 given Friday night by some lady and gentleman amateurs at the Mechanics' Institute. The ball was crowded^1 and1 the audience were treated to an excellent prb'gramme^ some ' of the beak amateurB1. of the town having given their' services. CoRaECTiON.— Our Parliamontary re porters correct an error in the speech/of the Premier1 in another , column. In stead of saying the 'surplus' at the dose of 1884 would be nearer £600,000 than £120,000, he stated the ' revenue' for 1884 would be ..nearer' £600,000 thantlie Treasurer's estimate of £673,000. Whether the error is' due to the telegraph operators or not we cannot say | but we rarely have as much cause of complaint as we had on Wednesday night. , ; , '. . , EppiNq . Items. — Our Epping- Forest correspondent writes :-r-Litt- le.of interest has-iocenrred ;in ;tliis , part ''oi ! late, the oxcitemerit ': attendant -', on , 'the .late tragedies having completely/died '.pub with' the removal of Dido to the nortli, -Some, of the residents were, a , little stiu tied ? on Tuesday. A horse'and oart^bel'onging to Mr!,;Barker having been left at ?thei Btation, with only; a;,littl9('phild of Mr.;1 Pennington's ,ih . ic, cfrpm . some cause or. other the horse bolted towards the,, sale- yards, running the ? cart over , several small stumps. -The cart narrowly espaped being! overturned as rthe horse dashed through, the gate and1 .made,': (tbwards home. ', Fortunately Mr, Robert, Gibson had his horse, at hand, and galloping after: the;. runaway;- overtook and checked it about a mile from 'Epping;. i Mr; , CD.' Robertson, ' of Carificlt, ' has opened, a' general store to supply a want long felt at Epping. ,, .There lissome jmention of the railway station'; being. (improved in/ the course of theye'ar. '?' ; ' Trinity 0HtTR0H.7-The; seats' in /.the; body of Trinity iOhurjoh' have for some time past needed renewal, and it' has, been decided- to go in for a- thorough :restpra-; tion by new seats throughput upon a very comfortable and convenient pattern, thatj attracted.thp attention of the Ven.^ Arbh-' dieacon' Hales, during ,;his; tour throughr New IZealand some time back, in one of. the churches visited. The; churchwardens recently accepted, a tender -fbr'the work at £315j and the kauri pine which^is, to , be used-is already sawn up and iirprocess' of. seasoning. On Wednesday : evening a meeting of membors . of the con^fegfttion washeld'(the Archdeacbn pfeaidihg), to, consider the best (mean8. of /meeting . tliis; .unusual'. pHtlay;.,;and.it, was decided tOj ? open,'.; subscription 0 liata,. :it being, con sidered there would- not -be i any great difficulty ;in ' raising .the 'sum/required. ; Wemay mention /that' bn'Sunday lasiiTpne' ', I liberat^minded, member of ;tlio: ;-: cpngrega 'tipn'fbrwarded. a cheque; for £50 towards' :the':oost of re-seating' the church, arid. 1 perhaps 'this example will, stimulate others I to come forward. ;'. ' ,, ! 