Oar American Letter. SAN FRANCISCO, February 12. THERE has been a succession of serious acci- dents since the date of my last letter, attended by heavy loss of life and property. When the previous mail left, news had been received of the Neweall House disaster, in Milwaukee, the loss of life being variously estimated at from 80 to 100\. There is reason to believe that over 100 lives were sacrificed in that fire. And what makes the affair worse is the fact, which has been developed on the investigation, that the hotel was set on fire to secure the insurance on the stock of liquors in the bar, which had been let to a tenant, and was not run in connection with the house. This is not an unusual arrangement in this country. It is alleged that the barkeeper removed most of his stock, and then turned on the gas, starting a fire meanwhile which in time communicated with the gas and caused the flames to spread with great rapidity. This was denied by the accused, who has been held in bonds to stand his trial. His counsel states that he will prove, at his trial, that the fire was started by a trusted servant of the hotel, and will pro- duce the books, which it was claimed had been burned. One very remarkable feature of the case is this, the night clerk swore that fully 25 minutes elapsed from the time tho alarm was given until the fire began to spread, and that he might have aroused all the inmates of the house in time to escape. Why did he not do \- so P he was asked ; to which ho r< plied, that he had moro important matters to attend to-look ing after the papers of the hotel, as he knew that tho safe was no use. It fol lows, therefore that who ever started the fire waa ably seconded in his work by the responsible official of the hotel on whose intelligence and attention .the lives of the guest3 depended when the general manager had retired. In addition to this damning evidence of criminal neglect there is the further fact; that the fire-hose had not been tried for several ?ears, and was rotten, 'he hose of the fire brigade was little better, their escape ladders were too short, and the net work of telegraph wires . ' prevented the free hand . ling of them, such as they were. This stupendous crime will probably go unpunished. The coroner's jury censured tho pro prietor of tho hotel for not taking ordinary precau tions againstfire. but there the matter will rest, so far . as he is concerned. There is|no one to bring criminal charges against him, and if the insurance companies are not called upon to pay they will probably have the charge of arson against the barkeeper dis missed. Human life is the .-least valuable commodity in the United States. ?Anything that has a .',, money value is more highly esteemed than a man's life. Hence the .. almost universal resort to tho pistol, and the . equally universal sym ; pathywith the murderer. This is a phase of Ameri ; can social development which has not been studied '? as it deserves to be. TERRIBLE RAILROAD ACCI DENT. A very distressing accident occurred on the Southern Pacific railroad one night recently, by which at least 20 lives werelosb. The details are given at length in the newspapers which go to the colonies by thia mail. I need not, therefore, do more than statethe broad facts. It appears that the eastbound overland train from San Francisco . had reached the summit at Tehachapai Pass, near thé celebrated " loop" in the Sierra Madre range, when the engine was detached and put on tho turn-table, as was usual at this point, before .making the descent on the Los Angelos side. The conductor, whose duty it was to see the air breaks attached, left the train to telegraph its arrival ; and the breakman, whose place was on the cars, left it also to escort a lady to the station. The night was cold, the lady entertaining, and when he returned the train was gone-had been started down grade by the force of the wind. There was no train hand on the cars to apply the hand-breaks, and as the sleepers were locked, the passengers having retired for the night, it was impossible for anyone to obtain access to them. The train consisted of two ordinary cars and two sleepers. Those on board the cars became alarmed at the velocity with which they were travelling, and on looking out they realised their peril. An old railroad man named l*f'genaie was a passenger, and he applied the band-breaks in the cars, and endea voured to enter the sleepers for the same purpose, but could not. The breaks steadied the cars and kept them on the track, but the sleepers jumped it at a sharp curve and became detached. They were dashed down a precipitous incline, at the rate of 80 miles an hour, and became a complete wreck. The live coal stoves and oil lamps set the wreck on fire, and those only who were able to detach themselves at once from the mass of bedding and timber and clamber out of the win dows above escaped. These were few in number, and in a short time only the charred remains of at least 20 men and women, burned to a cinder, were all that was left to evidence their former existence. Among those saved was ex-Governor Downey, but his wife was burned, with others, past recognition. The conduct of the railroad officials has been severely censured by the Press of the States, but very unworthy atteïnpts have been made in the interest of the railroad company to lay the blame of the accident upon three tramps-purely mythical personages, who boarded the train, and started it downgrade to wreck and plunder it at this par ticular point where the accident occurred. There is not a shadow of ground for such a story, but it was suggested to the railroad people by an attack upon tho Central Pacific train, close to the Utah and Nevada line, by a well-armed and mounted band from Utah, who have since been captured. A poor devil of a tramp, stealing a ride on the car was killed. He would have fared better on foot. An attempt was also made to create an impression that the loss of life was trifling. Mangled and roasted flesh was gathered up and packed in boxes. The railroad doctors declared that, this flesh was not'human remains at all, but beef that was in the cars going to Los Angelos ! At once the railroad organs took this cue, as they had done about the tramps, and the trifling character of the . accident was noised abroad. On the arrival of the boxes at Los Angelos, however, they were examined, and proved to contain human remains. These boxes have been buried in the Los Angelos ceme tery, in numbered graves, but no man can guess who they are, nor can any one tell how many were in the sleepers, as the porter shared, the fate of the" passengers, and there is no record. Doubtless,- several strangers were on board, whose fate will ever remain a mystery to their friendal The truth is, the over land train on the Southern Pacific was j abandoned by all the train hands, the engine being detached, at the dead of a wild night on a mountain top, without the breaks being applied, and as a natural consequence it rushed down grade to destruction. Every effort ia being made to re lieve, the railroad company from legal and moral responsibility. Anyhow, the train of cars itself was undermanned, but the wealth and influence of the corporation will probably enable it to escape all unpleasant consequences. Two points have arisen in connection with the Newhall House fire and the Southern Pacific accident. One is, the necessity for fixing large electric gongs on each story of a hotel, to sound fire alarms and rouse all sleepers simultaneously. This plan has already been adopted by one New York hotel/ and - will doubtless become general. The second point is a demand, on the part of the ?public, that railroad cars shall be lighted and heated by some other contrivance than oil lamps and coal stoves. A bill compelling this change has been]introduced in the CaliforniaLegi3lature. Another matter cognate thereto is the necessity for carrying tools and crowbars on each train. Had any appliance of this kind been available several lives might have been saved at the Tchachapai accident. One young 1 lady vainly implored for aid. She said she was not hurt in any way, but could not free herself from the wreck and get out of the window. ' She Btood there helpless until thefire approached and burned her to a cinder. Those who witnessed this tragic incident will never forget it. SHIPWRECKS A.ND LOSS OF LIFE. . The fine new iron collier Tacoma, belonging to the Central Pacific Railroad, was lost on the northern coast o*f. California, with 3200 tons of coal on board. She was run ashore in calm weather and a smooth seas ? Ten men were drowned, after surviving 40 hours on the wreck before they were swept away.' < The surf was so heavy that relief could not be given them from the shore, after their position became known. The captain, offi cers, and eight men landed in a boat, after great hardships. An inquiry has yet ts be held. The ship was one of the finest vessels of her class that ever entered this harbour. She was built on the Delaware. I cannot help thinking that due precautions were not taken in navigating her. .The weather was so fine that the captain retired at 9 p.m. on the night of the accident. The ship was left too close in shore, and struck on an ont lying ledge. Four lives were subsequently lost through the burning of a small stern wheel steamer on Puget Sound. . These are some of the more prominent acci dents of the month. There have been at least half a dozen railroad accidents, attended by seri ous loss of life in the aggregate, and all of them attributable in degree to carelessness more or less criminal. I need not, however, burden you with details. The Inman Company's Dock at ' New York has been burned. DREADFUL WEATHER AND FLOODS. The weather has been unusually severe all over this continent. Great floods have occurred in Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia, in which vast stretches of country have been submerged. Cities and towns were inundated, the inhabitants escaping from the upper stories of their dwellings in boats. Hundreds have been rendered homeless, and very considerable dis- tress prevails. The loss of property has been very great. The States lying west of the lakes have experienced a very close approximation to the glacial period, the "blizzard" going on the rampage on snow shoes with a vengeance. Snow slides, snow blockades, men frozen to death in their beds and on journeys and cattle suffering from want of pasture are com- mon incidents. Ice gorges have formed in the rivers, and more floods are antici- pated. It is remarkable, however, that the weather has been mild on the line of the Northern Pacific railroad, which will be connected with Puget Sound by next September. Texas has been swept by a cold wave. The tempera- ture fell 70deg in one day in that State, causing great mortality among sheep. We have had a cold spell also on the Pacific coast, but nothing to hurt, although two inches of snow fell one night over the southerly sections of the San Joaquin Valley, where snow had never been known to lie before. The crop outlook on this coast is excellent. There is fully 25 per cent, more wheat sown this season than last one, and, with favourable weather, we should export 1,700,000 tons of a wheat surplus next harvest. POLITICAL POINTS - CLERI CAL HUMBUGS. The 47th Congress is fast drawing to a close, and there remains a \\. reat deal of routine legislative work to be done.- Tho Appropriation Bills have not yet been passed, but there is a declared inten tion on the part of tho Republicans to change tho rules, and rush them through to admit of pass ing the Tariff Bill. Tho schedule, as it stands in tho House, is a strong protective measure, moro so than the existing tariff ; it is less so in the Senate, but in neither Chamber .' has it assumed the shapo the country had a right to expect. It may be come necessary to call an extra Bession, because I greatly doubt if any tariff bill at all can pass. Tho attendance is very sm all, and no one appears to give fiscal legislation a thought except the manufacturers. . The Californian Legislature is in-session. It is engaged in an anti-railroad fight, in which the railroad is sure to win. The Sunday law has been repealed, as the direct result of the stupid and unnecessary prohibition campaign. Indeed, the folly of pushing temperance principles to an extreme ia made manifest by a general reaction and an alarming increase of drunkenness all over the country. The pulpit has lost nearly all its moral influence, and its occupants are simply regarded as men who adopt preaching as a money making occupation, to be discarded for anything which promises better pay. One of these typical parsons, the Rey. Dr. Cox, better known here as " Hallelujah Cox,", for his zeal as a gospeller, was a shining light among the Methodists, and as secretary of the Young Men's Christian Asso ciation he did a good deal of street missionary work. He turned insurance agent and ran a good business ; he was a stump orator on the Republican side, and was rewarded with the lucrative office of pension agent, in which capacity he was detected in the ungodly trick of swindling an old blind pen sioner out of 5000 dollars. The facts became public j the newspapers took it up, and the pen sion agent disgorged. He will be relieved of his office ; but he announces that he will resume preaching in the Wesleyan Episcopal Church, in which he hos always had great success ! If it had not been for the publicity given to this Shady transaction, however, the Methodist pulpit would have had uo attractions for him. I should also add that he was engaged in very shady mining transactions, one of which was brought into court lately. Speaking of clerico-mining swindles reminds One of the " Methodist Silver Mine," so called because it was engineered Ly Dr. Fowler, of the "Christian Advocate," and other lights of the Methodist Church in tho East, who disposed of the stock of the Isabella Mining Company to their brother saints. Of course, it was a swindle from the grass roots down, and, as the victims are going to law, nice developments are anticipated. We had two Presbyterian parsons here also who dabbled in Arizona wildcats, and salted a great deal of worthless Block to the godly. You may set it down as a maxim that when one or two parsons become touters for any mining spécula tion it is a barefaced swindle. I have known many such enterprises here and elsewhere ; but never have 1 known an exception to the rule. When a minister gets off colour ho becomes very Bpotted indeed. GENERAL ITEMS. The State Treasurer of Alabama, Mr. Vincent, one of the " chics," has bolted, leaving a defi ciency of 225,000 dollars. A reward of 5000 dol lars has been offered for his capture. Jem Mace and Slade, the half-caste Maori, were met at the New Jersey depot and escorted to New York by about 1500 leading citizens. Mr. Bcrgh, " the animals' friend," took measures to stop their Sparring match, and in default of finding bail .they were lodged in gaol. They were released by the Supreme Court, which ruled that such exhi bitions were not illegal. Subsequently they raked in a heap of money, the proceedings against them having served as an advertisement. A match has not been arranged between Sullivan and either of the visitors, but he says he is wil ling to fight either man within three or- BÍX months for 10,000 dollars. Mace having received news of his eon's death, by drowning in the Thames, goes on to England. ' Charles R. Thorne, junior, the actor, is dead. He was well known on the Btage in this country. Theatrical business ia active in the States. The Countess Modjeska contemplates an Australian tour. Charles Bright returns by tho City of New York. A large fund was subscribed in Amerioa in aid bf the Bufferers by floods in Germany. The Ger man Fair in San Francisco was very enjoyable, and added a considerable amount to tho German relief fund. Consul Kahlo has not had any influence in chaping tho wool tariff. Minor Government officials never have any influence- with Congress in this country. "A DEDICATION CEREMONY." ? I have said something about clerical humbug?, and cited cases in point. Let mo present the busi ness instincts of tho Rabbis in quito a different light. Lest I should be accused of bias or an attempt to burlesque a very worthy class of people, I append the telegraphic despatch illus trating tho point, as it was received and printed in the Pacific coast newspapers :-" New York, January 30.-The Jewish Temple called ' Gates of Hope,' on Eighty-aixth-street, was dedicated yesterday afternoon. The building was built by the Methodists and used by thom for several years, became too small for them, and was sold to a Jewish congregation, who remodelled it. When the ceremonies begun tho lights were turned down and tho shutters closed. Rabbi Rev. Dr. Brown preached the dedication sermon, one of the most remarkable in tho history of the pulpit. He said he would address his hearers as business men. ' The congregation,' he said, ' has taken a house that has been used by tho Metho dist Episcopal worshippers ; therefore, in business parlance, this is simply a reopening of the old firm, which consisted of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and which the now partnership has dissolved. The Son and Holy G host have step ped down and out, but the business will still be continued by the Father, the old head of the firm, one you have always trusted. Tho same goods will bo offered for salo. We shall continue to deal in charity, brotherly love and all tho vir- j tues, and we appeal to all old customers to con- J linuo their trade." ' _ CROW QUILL. A gallant act by ono of tho gentler sex was per formed last Friday. A child foll into deep water at tho foot of Duke-street, Balmain, when tho wife of a boatman, Mrs. Swanston, instead of crying for help, laid down hor own baby on tho grasB 'and Bprang in and brought out tho child, which was nearly drowned, and must havo perished but for this prompt action. Tho oaso is ono for tho Humane Society. Tho steamship Austral was to bo falcon round to tho Fitzroy. Dock on Friday afternoon, where, after dis charge of her coals and ballast, sho will be placed in tho dook at high spring tido. About 300 naen are now engaged on her in tho work of cleaning her up, and Borne duplicate machinery has arrived by tho Cophalonia for hor uso on tho voyage to Glasgow. Captain H. R. Sladon, R.N., who was last hero in tho" steamship Garonne, has amvod, and will oom Uland the Austral on hor homo ward voyage Errs's COCOA.-tanATEruii AND uojtFor.TiNO.-?. Hy a thorough knowledge of thc natural laws which govern the operations of digestion and nutrition, und by a careful application of the flijo properties of well-selected Cocoa, Mr. Epps has provided our breakfast .tables with a deli cately-flavoured bovertigo, which may eave us many heavy doctors' hills. It is by tho judicious uso of such articles of fliet that a constitution may bo gradually built up until strong enough to resist every tendency of disease. Hun dreds of subtle maladies aro floating around us ready to attack wherever there is a weak point. "Wo mn y escupo ínany a fatal shaft by keening ourselves %voll fortiiied with pure blood and a properly-nourished frame.-" Civil Ser vice Gazette."-Made simply with boiling water or mille: Sold only in nadkets kindled: "JAMES Errs and Co., Homeopathic Choxmstp, London." Also, makers of Epps's Chocolate Essence for afternoon usc.-ADVT. Kruse's Insecticide is invaluable to travellers andhouso keepers ; it destroys all noxious insects. Tins ls-ADVT. TAKING "A KIBE" OOT OP "OLD TIME I"-Dyeing your Old and faded clothes and dresses %vith Judson's Dyes. Renovating your picture frames with Judson's Gold Paint. Enamelling your fenders, stoves, and fire-irons with Judson's Artists' lilacks, Sold everywhere,-ADVT. 