SJephanotls. •'IJay, darling Tjiay my honny girl, t " i Set irce each lilossom-priBonBd cur], - JJay those white clusters down JiGt jsi!keii snood -wit'h;iiial( : len :griit:e • •.. -- JHold back the iinglets from thy face, ; JBpt notthatstarry crown "•Or let some simpler blossom iwme Dpon-thy forehead, daughter mine, :,; Blush rose or lily white, Or let a simple string of pearls Gleam girlishly among thy curls, Upon this festive mght ^'-Bui-take ,those waxen.-blooms- away,: ? • Ah, darling I thoughts I cannot stay ' - Sprmg in my waiened heart;.. . - -Pass.pn, my:sweetest, outof-sight,:-:.v -. Take thou Shy fill of joung delight, - . While I sit here apart" I hear her flutter down the stair, I hear the chanot wheels that bear Sronfme my peerless maid - Now, wherefore shouid'it wake to-night, ; i.That'ghost of deadiand-gone delight I thought for ever laid ? The air 5s heavy with perfume, Out-breathed-farom that white mass of bloom Sly child laid gently down, Ah me! an old time sorrow stirs 1 I see on onrlssas bright as- hers-'-: -'. . : A stephanoti crown Across dark memory's time worn track A vision of that face comes back That won my boyish heart, My wife, the mother of my child, What waves.of sorrow wldeand wild: Have set us twain apart .^Set flesh of flesh,-.andhone iof hone, - She was to me beloved alone Of all earth's womankind, SheTuledme withsupreme-command, Iput my honor m her hand, Iiove male me ^wholly blind. I kept herfrom the world apart, I wore her m my inmost heart A pure and perfect pearl, Ah me 1 I doted over much, I never -thought that shame could touch The mother of my-^irL, Eve 'scaped not sin in Paradise, And Shall her daughters be more wise ? The tale'is common no jv, Through Bowery-downward paths beguiled The mother wandered from her -child, • ?The*Wife iargotjher "vow. Teton-thafnight of bitter woe -She stayedto kiss hS child, I know TorbyiheMit&rbea; Ilojmd a waxen petalled flower, Torn, haply, m that parting hour, • SFrom her -bright drooping head. Nowjfthe^green grass avsves above Her-graj?e, or if that^uilty Jove Stdl solaces hei' life, I know not,! may never know, Time cannot bridge the fipods that flow . . 'Twixt ine atid my loat wife Teace peace, m -heart, he calm be strong : The child retrieves the mother g wrong iiieihpldsJigwhopea for thee The whitejlosters ^ensh in the flame- So may the past with all, it shame DIP evermore lor jmei —All tjie Xeai -Sound 