LOGAN AND ALBERT RACES. FIRST DAY. BY PEGASUS. ON Friday morning Beaudesert presented a scene of unusual excitement, and at an early hour a stream of horsemen and horsewomen set in toward the racecourse. The course itself is about two miles and a-half from the township, and is situated on a level plain in a paddock be- longing to Mr. Markwell. In shape it is circu- lar, with the exception of that portion com- monly known as the straight running, and the turn into this is at present rather too abrupt, and might be modified with advantage. Though no grand stand has yet been erected, nature partly supplies the deficiency, for there is a rocky knoll from which a capital view of the various races was obtained, and on and about this a large number of the spectators were congre- gated. The view from the course was a very pretty one, and the rich pasture land around, with the mountains in the distance, formed a scene which, though it might be equalled, could hardly be surpassed in any part of the colony. Four-in-hands and buggies of all sorts were numerous, and a large contingent of visitors had arrived from Bris- bane, Southport, and the surrounding stations, showing the interest which was taken by the inhabitants in the races. The meeting must in every respect be considered a most unquali- fied success, and this is entirely owing to the exertions of the stewards and to the indefati- gable hon. secretary, Mr. Brayford, who unfortunately met with a severe accident early in the morning, by striking his forehead against a projecting sapling ; notwithstanding which everything was got through without the slightest check or hindrance. Of jollity there was plenty, of drunkenness and rowdyism there was none, and in fact, excepting the above- mentioned accident to Mr. Brayford, no contretemps occurred to mar the harmony of the day. The racing itself was of a most interesting character, though (except in the Selling Race) there were no very close finishes. Considerable curiosity was felt as to how the Clarence and Richmond horses would come off when pitted against such Brisbane cracks as Legacy and Adamantea, and, as will be seen below, the visitors had nearly all the best of it; but their victories were well deserved, as their horses were in the pink of condition, neither wanting work nor having had too much of it. Punctual to the minute, proceedings com- menced with the Two and Three year old Sap- ling Stakes, and out of the nine horses entered seven faced the starter, the absentees being Mr. James Williams's Explorer, and Mr. J. P. Jost's Sportsman. Nancy and Peerless were about equal favourites. A very fair start was effected, and Laura showed in front with n. good lead ; but before half the distance was traversed Caducia had run up and passed her. At the turn into the straight Nancy and Peerless came out, the former winning pretty easily by about two lengths, Caducia, well up, being third. This latter filly ran extremely well for a first essay, and possesses a dash of foot which will render her very formidable over short distances. The winner was as tit as hands could make her, and over three- quarters of a mile, her favourite distance, is at present almost invincible. Peerless ran like a good honest mare, and seemed as if she would have been better served over a longer distance. After this the hurdle horses were eagerly scanned, and public opinion was pretty evenly divided between Pastime and Blazeaway, though many fancied the good-looking New- Chum. Mr. Edwards's old horse was looking very well, and presented a great contrast to his wretched appearance when last at Eagle Farm. Both Briar-root and Czar took their jumps re- markably well, but both were a bit outclassed. New Chum at the second hurdle balked and unshipped his rider, but none of the others made any mistakes, and the finish promised to be an exciting one ; but the weight proved to be too much for the chestnut, and Pastime, who made most of the running, kept his place to the finish, and won with something in hand. After about an hour's spell for lunch the principal event of the day came on for decision, and out of the ten acceptants there was but one absentee, Mr. Jost's Nancy. Adamantea and Lady Vanda were about equal favourites, their price being quoted as 5 to 2, while 3 to 1 was obtainable about Legacy, 5 to 1 Mussulman, and 10 to 1 against any other. The result was a complete surprise, as the lightly-weighted five-year-old Response, who was simply thrown in at 7st. 5lb., took the lead half-a-mile from home and won with ease from Lady Vanda, 8st. 12lb.; Legacy, 8st. 8lb., being third. This running completely justified my remarks some weeks ago, as Mr. Bundock's mare by her run- ning on this course last year, when just off the grass, showed that she had a good dash of foot and must therefore be considered as having been very highly favoured in the matter of weights. Legacy, though anything but cherry ripe, beat Adamantea in their places as I pre- dicted, and no excuses can be made for Mr. Mooney's filly but the important one that she had too much weight to carry. The winner pleased me much by her ap- pearance ; though not having so much polish on her as many of the others, she was very fit and moved with great freedom. Lady Vanda had a very taking style of going, her long sweeping stride being much admired. Among the others Lord Nelson was thoroughly outclassed and distanced, while Gascon very much disappointed the expectations which had been formed of him. Centurion was very big, and may, per- haps, be got fit for the Q.T.C. races in May, but hardly before. The Selling Stakes, for which there were three starters, produced the best race of the day, Mr. Markwell's Bandy and Mr. Patten- son's Paddy being head and head up the straight, both at the whip, the former winning a well-contested race ultimately by half-a length. After the race, Bandy was put up to auction by Mr. Bell, and realised £16, one sovereign in advance of his selling price. The weights for the Shorts Handicap, which are given below, hardly gave satisfaction, as out of sixteen entries nine scratched. Adamantea, 7st. 21b., was spotted as a cer- tainty; but the former race had been enough for her, and she could only get third to the two top weights, Young Australia, 9st. 4lb., and Response, 8st. 13lb., who finished first and second. The principal incident in the race was the running of Sportsman, better known as the Scraps colt, who appeared hopelessly beaten at the back of the course, but came again with a rush, and finished well up. The day's proceedings were wound up by a Hack Race, which was won by Pilate, a horse that was entered and trained for the recent races at Southport, and actually won the Free Handicap on Saturday, beating such a good performer as Nancy. Mr. John Haygarth officiated as starter with great success, and Mr. Ernest White as judge had no very diffi- cult task to perform; while Mr. Brayford as secretary was assiduous in the discharge of his duties. The following are the details of the day's racing: Two and Three Year Old Sapling Stakks of 20 so vs., with a sweepstake of 1 soy. each from starters added; second horse 5 soys. from the prize; weight for ago; 3 mile. Mr. J. P.Jost's b.f. Xancy.3yoars.BBt. (E.Jones) 1 Mr. T. Brayford's br.f. Peerless. 3 yoars, Bst. (Condon) 2 Mr. \V. Mooney's ch.f. Caducia, 2 years, 6st. 21b 3 Mr. K. A. Smith's ch.f. Laura. 3 years, Bst. .. 0 Mr. Jas. Wilnon's br.f. Enod, 3 years, Sot. .. 0 Mr. H. Mahony's ch.f. Minnie 3 years, Bst. .. 0 Mr. \V. Drynan's bl.g. Javolin, 3 years, Bst. .. 0 After one attempt the flag was dropped to a fair start, Laura cutting out the running, with Caducia well up. Half-a-milc from home Caducia went in front, Peerless and Nancy being her close "attendants. At the turn into the straight Mr. Jost's filly shot to the front, and had her field settled. Time, lmin. 26iscc. Handicap Hurdle Race of 30 soys. added to a swoop of 1 soy. each from starters; socond horse, 5 soys. froir the prize; for all horses; two miles, over six jumps 3ft. 6in. high. Mr. G. Edwards's b.g, Pastime, aarcfl. 12st. (F. Moore) 1 Mr. Jos. M'Gill's ch.g. Blazoaway, 6 years, list. 81b (Quirk) 2 Mr. Jno. Haygarth's ch.g. Czar, aged. lOst. 41b. (Hetternun) 3 Mr. C. H. Philpott's b.g. Briarroot. aged, list. (Eastuughlte) 0 Mr. T. Massey'B ch.g. New Chum, 5 ycare. lOst. 121b (M'Gowan) 0 As soon as the flag fell Pastime went off with the lead, but was soon pulled back, and Briar root went on in front with New Chum. The first jump was negotiated by all in safety, but at the second New Chum balked and threw his rider. Briarroot led over the next, when Pastime took the lead, closely attended by Blazeaway, and they continued in this order to the straight, when Blazeaway made a game but ineffectual effort to reach Pastime, who won, after a good race, by a length, Czar beating Briarroot for third place. Time, 4min. 23} sec. Bkauderkht Plate, of 50 soys., added to a sweep of 2 BOVB. each from starters; second horse 7* BOVB. from tho prizo; for all horses, to be handi capped. IV milo. Mr. F. H. O. Bundock'abr.m. Response, o years, 7st. 51b (Boyd) 1 Mr. John Puttcnson's eh.in. Lady Vnnda. aged, Sbt. 121b (Puttenson) 2 Mr. J. P. Jost'B b.f. Legacy, 3 years. Sst. 81b. ((.Jones) 3 Mr. John Haygarth's ch,h. Centurion, (i years, Ost. 121b • . ■• •■ . •• 0 Mr. John Puttcnson b ch.h. Mussulman, 4 years, fist, lib .. 0 Mr. James M'Gill's ch.h. Mozart. (5 years. Ss-t. 31b •• 0 Mr. W, Mooney's b.f. Adamantea. 3 years. Sst. 0 Mr. T. Brayfo'rd's br.c. Guscon, 3 years, Ost. 121b • 0 Mr. A. Auld's ir.gr.h. Lord Nelson, i years. Cut. 101b .. 0 After one attempt the flag dropped to a Rood start, Adamantea soon showing in front, with Legacy and Centurion well up. They con tinued in this order to the back of the course, when Legacy and Response both came up, closely attended by Lady Vandii. Mr. Bun dock's mare, however, took the lead, and kept it to the tinish, winning pretty easily by about a length. Time, 2min. iiOsec. Skli.ino Stakks of 15 soys.; for all horses; weight for ngi>: winner to be sold for lo soys.; surplus to the club; reduction of 71b. for every 3 soys. reduction on selling price. 1 mile and a dis tance. , „ .,, Mr. H. Markwcll's b.g. Bandy, aged, Bst. Ulb., (£!;",) 1 Mr. John Pattenßon's ch.g. Paddy, G years, Sst. 01b. (£l2) & Mr. I). Dunn's br.g. Little Wonder, aged, Bst. 131b. (£1 o) 3 A good race between the first two horses, re sulting, after a close tinish, in favour of Bandy by half-a-length. Shorts Handicap of 30 sovb. ; sweep of I soy. oach from starters, to go to socond horse; for all horses. 1 mile. The followingwcre the weights and results:— Mr. J. Pattenson'B Young Australia, 5 years, 9st 41b. .. .. • • • • • • .. 1 Mr. Bundock's Response, 5 years. Bst. 13lb. .. 2 Mr. Mooney's Adamantea, 3 years. 7st. 21b. .. 3 Mr. J. Stansflcld's Macgrcgor, aged, 7st. 71b. .. 0 Mr. M'Gill'.s Index, 4 years, 7st 0 Mr. Josfs Sportsman. 3 years, 7st .. 0 Mr. C. 11. I'hilpott's l.eonidas. 4 years, Ost. Mr. Jost'B Lcgacv, 3 ycarp, Bst. 31b. .. scratched Mr. J.Pattonsoirts Mussulman, 4 years, 7st. 101b scratched Mr. G. Wilson's Glengarry, 4 yoars, 7st. 515 scratched Mr. Brayford's Peerless, 3 years, 7st. 2ib scratched Mr. Massoy's Brickie, 4 years, 7st. 21b. scrutched Mr. G. Butler's Zingara, 6 years, 7st. Hb scratched Mr. Hope's Princo Arthur, aged, 6st. 131b scratchod Mr. Jordan's Sunlight, 3 years, 6st. 21b. scratchod Mr. Auld's Lord Nelson, I yoars. (tet... scratched Seven horses started. After one or two attempts the flag was lowered to a fair start, and Adamantea made play, Sportsman being last. The field kept well together till half the distance was traversed, when Young Australia went to the front, and kept it to the finish, Response heading Adamantea at the turn for home. Second Day—Saturday. Though a greater number of people were ex pected on the second day of the races, there was no larger attendance than on Friday, and Eerhaps this was owing to the attraction of a all which took place at Beaudesert on the night previous, and which was kept up till after daylight. The probabilities arc that many of the dancers never put in an appear ance at the races, and the number of specta tors, which never exceeded 700 or 800, was less than were present on the same day last year. The fields of horses, too, were considerably curtailed, it having become quite evident to those whose horses were not half fit or were in any way amiss that they were far belter in their stalls. For the future, owners will see the folly of treating the gathering at Bcaudcsert as a country meeting, for all the successful horses were as well or better trained than at the Q.T.C., or any other large meeting. Among the absentees were to be noticed Adainantca and Caducia (the former of which was said to be amiss), Mozart, Index, and Laura. The latter mare ran well considering she had been only in work a fortnight, and had only lately been in physic, a.nd Mozart and Index were both very big, and will hardly be fit to run for another two months. As on the pre vious day, everything passed off in a most satis factory manner till the last race of the day, when Mr. Jost's filly Nancy, who had run a good second to Pilate in the Free Handicap, was seen to stagger after being pulled up, and died almost instantaneously. It was supposed that she had burst a bloodvessel in the region of the heart, and everyone on the ground must have sympathised with her owner, who always races in a most straightforward manner, and lias as yet been favoured with very few of fortune's smiles. Mr. John Haygarth performed his difli cultdutics during the day to the general satisfac tion, and, though in the Members' Plate a slight misunderstanding caused Sportsman to be left at the post, the remaining horses were despatched to a very even start, and the most interesting race of the day ensued. The only matter which appeared to call for improvement was the suppression of those obnoxious gentry the "under and over" men, and the various descriptions of card-sharpers. As the races were run on private property, the owner could surely have instructed tho police to remove these objectionable characters, and the meeting would then, without any exception, have been a pattern in every respect which every club in the colony might copy with advantage. The conduct of the jockeys throughout the meeting was exemplary, and I heard no complaint of jostling and foul riding, which arc generally too common. The racing commenced punctually to timn with the Maiden Plate, for which ten horses came to the post, the absentees being Laura, Caducia, Tambourine, Richmond, and Index. Peerless was made favourite, but she could only obtain third place to Sportsman and Explorer, the former running kindly fur once, and winning easily by two lengths. Unknown bucked his jockey off at the start, but the boy was not hurt, and a slight scrimmage occurred after half-a-mile had been traversed, between Lconidas and Javelin, resulting in the hitler's off hind leg being rather severely cut, so that he will probably be incapacitated for some time. Like all Corinthian races, the Members' Plate created the greatest interest among the spectators, and out of the fourteen horses on the card eight came to the post, the most fancied being Mr. Pattenson's Mussulman, ridden by Mr. Hyland, Sportsman (the winner of the previous race), ridden by Mr. Thomas, and Centurion, ridden by Mr. Graham Hay garth. The two latter horses were, however, never in it; Sportsman got on very bad! v, and ran very unkindly, not trying a yard, while Cen turion, who was capitally ridden and made tho made the most of, had nothing like the condi tion necessary to enable him to live the pace with Mussulman and Explorer. Mr. Patten son's horse cut out his own running all the way, and appeared likely to win r-asily, when Mr. "Williams, who had been working his way up on Explorer, got on terms coming into the straight, and a splendid finish ensued, Mussulman just winning on the post by a .short neck. Too much praise can hardly be a^ anli-d to Mr. Williams for tho skilful and :;rti>tic manner in which ho handlrd a horse tli.-n ;.:.iy be said lo be almost a cripple, and the j.ui; raent with which he timed hid tinal rush re quired to have been seen to be appreciated, Shortly after the race, a protest was lodged by Mr. Williams against Mussulman on the grounds that Mr. Hyland had carried 31b. short weight. On the card his weight was given as lOst. 101b., instead of lOst. 131b., but this was only a misprint, and in a weight-for age nice this was no excuse for Mr. Pattenson not carrying the correct amount. The stewards, after a somewhat protracted de liberation, awarded the race to Mr. Williams, and, as the bets of course followed the stakes, Mussulman's backers grumbled a little, but it wns utterly impossible for the stewards to come to any other conclusion. Scratchings were numerous for the next race, the All-aged Stakes, the pen being drawn through the names of seven out of the fourteen horses on the card. Young Australia, 5 yearn, 9st. 21b., was most fancied, but never had the ghost of a show with Response, who followed up her success of the previous day by landing the stakes, after a good race with Nancy, who ran very gamely under the whip, Young Australia being a very indifferent third. The great event of the meeting, the Logan Handicap, brought only four horses to the post, Lady Vanda, Young Australia, Legacy, and Gascon. The first-named was a strong favourite, though Mr. Jost'a filly had a few supporters, who thought that the all-maroon might get another bit of luck to follow Sports man's unexpected success in the Maiden. However, it was quite evident that Legacy was not the Legacy that ran Goldfinder so hard at the last Brisbane meeting, and though she ran gamely (as she always docs) under her weight, something was wrong, and she was unequal to the task of beating an aged mare like Lady Vanda at a difference of only 41b., and the Clarence River maro held the lead all the way, and won pretty easily at the finish. The next two races—the Settlers' Race and a Hurry Scurry—were interesting only to the local people, though in the former race it was amusing to note the very primitive manner in which the riders made up the required weight of 11st. Swags containing trace chains strapped in front of the saddle were the general con trivance, but one unfortunate animal was required to hump an immense swag of blankets, chains, and various other impedimenta, over which the boy's head was just about visible. The horse, boy, and swag, however, managed to lead for a short distance and finished third, a horse called Little Wonder, also loaded with trace-chains, being behind him. The Hack Race was run during the interval required for the compilation of the weights for the Free Handicap, for which there were twenty-eight entries. It was, however, nothing of a race, as it was won easily by Mr. G. Butler's Boatswain, who made all the running and finished about a quarter of a mile ahead of the crowd. The weights for the Free Handicap then appeared on the board, and were as follow :— This handicap is rather a remarkable one, and, though of course it is anything but an easy task to bring such a large field on even terms, deserves close scrutiny. It may be noticed, however, that Nancy is here placed within 91b. of Legacy, when no less than ljst was the difference estimated between them for the Logan Handicap, and also the low place on the list given to Adainantea, who is now reckoned to be abouL on an equality with Patsey and Zingara, and inferior to Prince Arthur, Glengarry, New Chum, &c.; How ever, out of the whole crowd only six horses came to the post, and it was soon seen that Nancy and Pilate were the only two in it, and though the little filly struggled gamely under crushing weight, she could not reach the five year-old, and on pulling up was seen to stagger and fall, dying almost immediately, having probably burst somo bloodvessel near tho heart, owing to the severe and prolonged exertion. Tho following are the details of the day's racing :— Maidkn Plate of 20 soys.; for all horses which have not won un advertiaod prize at time of en trance : winner of any pri/.o after entry to carry a penalty of .>lb.; 11 milo; weight for ago. Mr. J. P. J oat's br.c. Sportsman, 3 years, Bst. (C. Jones) 1 Mr. James Williams'sb.c. Explorer. 3 years, Bst. (Rrightweil) 2 Mr. T. Brayford's br.f. Peerless, 3 years, Bst. (Condon) 3 Mr. C. H. Philpott's b.g. l^conidns, 4 years, Bst. 101b . 0 Mr. G. Wilson's ch.g. Glengarry, 4 years. Bst. 101H .. 0 Mr, T. Maosoy's b.g. Brickio, 1 years,Bst. 101b .. 0 Mr. 11. Mahony's ch.f. Minnie, 3 years, 7st. 111b .. 0 Mr. W. Everdcll's ch.g. Unknown, 4 years, Bst. 101b .. 0 Mr. W. IJrynan's bl.g. Javelin, 3 years, 7st. lllh •• 0 The Hag was lowered to a capital start. Un known quickly got rid of his jockey, but the rest passed the stand with Peerless leading, Glengarry lying second. At the back of the courso •Sportsman, who had been pulling hard, shot to the front, Explorer also taking a promi nent position. This order continued to the finish, Mr. Jost's colt winning comfortably by two lengths. Time, 2min. 20sec. Mkmhkrh' Platk, value 25 guineas, presented by J. H. Dolpralt, Esq.: for nil horses; to bo ridden by amateurs, members of the club, to be approved of by the stewards; 1A mile: welter weight for ngp. Mr, J. Williams' b.c. Explorer, 3years, flat. 121b. (Owner) 1 Mr. J. Stunfleld's rn.tf. M'Giepror. iijyed, list. lib (Mr. M'Cowan) 2 Mr. Jno. llaygarth's ch.h. Conturion, 6 years, list, lib (Mr. Graham Haygarth) 0 Mr. A. Auld's g.g. Lord Nelson, 4 years. lOst. 101b (Mr. Cameron) 0 Mr. Jno. Pattonson's ch.h. Mussulman. I yours. lOst. 101b (Mr. J. Ilylund) disqualified Mr. J. P. Jost's br.h. Sportsman. 3 years. 9st. 121b (Mr. Thomas) 0 Mr. W. Ercrdoll'sbr.g. Bulgurry, (i years, list. lib (Mr. Mark well) 0 Mr. .las. M'Gill's ch.g. Blazoaway, (i years, llHt. lib (Mr. M'Gill..jun.) 0 With the exception of Sportsman, all got away very evenly, Lord Nelson being the first to snow in front. However, he soon retired, and Mussulman and Centurion raced for the lead. At the back of the course Explorer took third place, and, Centurion being done with, Mussulman came into the straight with the lead, when Mr. Williams brought up Explorer, and a slashing race home ensued, Mussulman passing the post first by a short neck. He was, on appeal to the stewards, disqualified for carrying 31b. short weight, and the race was accordingly given to Explorer. Time, 3min. 6sec All-Aged Stakes of 20 soys.; for all horses; weight for age; 1 mile. Mr. Bundock's br.m. Response, 5 years. Bst. lOln (Boyd) 1 Mr. J. P. Josfs b.f. Nancy, 3 years, 7st. 111b.. (Jones) 2 Mr. John Pattenson's br.h. Young Australia, 5 years. 9st. 21b (Pattonson) 3 Mr. C. H. Philpott's Leonidau. 4 years, Bst. 101b. 0 Mr. James Wilson's br.f. Enid, 3 years, 7st. 1 lib. 0 Mr. George Wilson's ch.g. Glengarry, 4 years, Bst. 101b ,•• •• t 0 Mr. W. Everdcll's ch.g. Unknown, 4 years, 8«t. 101b 0 The flag fell to a good start, Response quickly going to the front, followed by Enid, Nancy, and Young Australia in the order named. At the back of the course Young Australia stumbled and almost came down, and Nancy took second place. Response, however, kept the lead till the finish, and though Nancy made a game attempt, she could never quite get up, and was beaten, after a good race, by a neck, both horses being under the whip. Time, lmin. 54sec. Logan Handicap of 75 soys., with a sweep of 2 sovb. each from starters addod; second horse 10 soys from tho prize; for all horses; 2 miles. Mr. John Pattenson's eh.m. Lady Vanda, aged, Bst. 101b (Pattenspn) 1 Mr. J. P. Jost's b.f. Legacy, 3 years, Bst. «lb.. (C.Jones) 2 Mr. John Pattenson's br.h. Young Australia, 5 years. 9st. lib (Woods) 3 Mr. T. Brayford's b.c. Gascon .. .. .. 0 A good start was effected, Lady Vanda taking the lead, Gascon lying second, and Legacy well up. After half-a-milc had been traversed Young Australia ran up to Gascon, but soon dropped behind, and passing the stand the first time Lady Vanda led, Legacy being second, and Young Australia third. This order continued to the finish, Lady Vanda winning by two lengths, all the horses being at the whip. Time, 3min. 54Asec. Settlkks' Rack of 10 soys.; for all hacks the bond fide property of settlers in tho Logan and Albert district; to be ridden by owners; list. up. M™. Wm. Markwell's br.g. Mailboy. 6 years .. 1 Mr. J. A. Watson's ch.g. Rocket, aged .. .. 2 Mr. W. Drynan's, jun., b.g. Richmond, 4 years 3 Mr. H. Mahony's big. Darkle. 5 years .. .. 0 Mr. D. Dunn's br.g. Little Wonder, aged .. 0, Richmond led for nearly a quarter of a mile, with Rocket second. Mailboy took up the running at the distance and won easily. Free Handicap of 20 soys., with a sweep of 1 soy. each from starters, to go to second horse; for all horses. 1 mile and a distance. Mr. A. Drynan's b.g. Pilate, 5 years, Bst. 51b. .. 1 Mr. J. P. Josfs b.f/Nancy, 3 years. Bst. 41b. .. 2 Mr. Butler's br.m. Zlngara, 5 years, 7st. 21b. .. 3 Glengarry, Peerless, and New Chum also started. A good race between Nancy and Pilate, ended in favour of the latter by half-a-length. st. lb. roung Australia, 5 years .. .. 10 4 iady Vanda, aged 10 4 Icnturion, 6yrs... 9 11 lussulman, 4 yrs. 0 8 •egacy, 3 yrs. .. 8 13 Mlatc, o yrs. .. 8 5 fancy, 3 yrs. .. 8 4 1'Gregor, aged ..8 3 iporteinan, 3 yrs. 7 13 low Chum, 5 yrs. 7 12 Hcntfurry, 4 yrs... 7 12 •ecrless, 3 yrs. .. 7 10 'rincc Arthur, aged .. ..7 7 stlb. \damantea, 3 yrs. 7 4 Patsey, 6 yrs. ..7 3 ■Angara, 5 yrs. .. 7 2 3ascon, 3 yrs. .. 7 0 Leonidas, 4 yrs. .. 7 0 [ndex, 4 yrs. .. 6 13 Richmond, 4 yrs. 6 10 Enid, 3$T8. ..6 9 [..aura, 3 yrs. ..68 Blazeaway.aged.. 6 8 Favelin, 3 yrs. ..67 3zar, aged .. ..67 Daducia, 2 yrs. ..64 Lord Nelson, 4 rrs. 6 0 