[?] THE DREAMER. The Dreamer sits in the shadow, . While the great world spins and spins, Bearing its burden of sorrows. And joys, and virtues, and sin3. The soldier hears the trumpet. And marches forth to the fight ; The manner spreads his canvas For hisimnri Rhin'K nceaa flight 1 The milkmaid trips to the meaaoir. With her stool ana h8r milking-pul ; And rises the hymn of Labor From t&by;, and hill, and vale. But the Dreamer sits In the shadow, To him earth's sounds but seem As the murmur of far-off music —And lie weaves them into his dream. ' Come forth from the shadow. Dreamer, Ana take thy part in the strife '.' Cries the soldier, pausing in battle. — And a bullet has found his life. ~ ' Why Eit in the shadow. Dreamer V . Is neard the mariner's mock: —And his ship, that has weathered a hundred storms, . Is split on a harbor rock. ' Come forth from the shadow. Dreamer. 3he maiden merrily sings, — And she tears a word of her father's love That heroeart to its centre stings. *.' Come forth from the shadow, Dreamer ?' Labor was made for all !' — And with knell of doom on the laborers head The work of Ida bands doth fall. But the DresMer sits in the shadow, The voices to him bat seem As the murmur of fat-off music —And he weaves them into his drears. Yet ill is it with thee. Dreamer - In the shadow sitting secure, TPhile the children of toil over earth and sea Must suffer, and weep, and endure, If theirs be the cnp of sorrow. They bave nope for tbe anodyne. And through the robe of the darkest cloud *? The star of love can shine. Though their lives be tales of anguish, 1 hough their ways with thorns be strewed, lor a Purpose Eternal they yet are linked In the bonds of brotherhood. Then, Dreamer, come forth from the shadow, Ere thy air-built castles fade, And thy soul is left like a lonely ghost To wailin unending shade ! But the Dreamer sits in the shadow ; To him my words but seem As the murmer. of far-off masic —And he weaves them into bis dream . — E. B. LougbbaS, in the Atcstralatian. \- ? - ? - 