A SPRING POETESS. —Chicago Tribune. "Is the real editor in ?" A fairly good-looking young lady stood in the doorway and glanced around the apartment in an enquiring fashion. ’■** don*fc keep any supposititious editors on this paper,” said the horge- reporler. V Well, I WAUfe to see. the real editor,” con tinued;, the young lady—“one that has got authority and can do something.” u 3lo3feany of them can do something,” .was the reply,V” If you let them tell it, but about having authority, that’s different—they’re pretty much all married.” 11 Who has chnrgo of the poetry ?'* continued the young lady, “ The janitor, .mostly, although he doesn’t clean the wiudo'vs often enough to keep the stock reduced and give all the poets a fair chance.” “I have written a poem which I should like to see printed, because it's.my favourite paper; papa has taken it for twenty years.” .“Yes, we know all about that,” said the horae reporter. “Everybody that comes along with a spavined old poem hag a wild Infatua tion for this paper, and the amount of desul tory affection that has been vicariously lavished on this powerful organ of public opinion would make your head swim. What kind of a poem is this, anyhow! Is it something about shall never meet again, Arthur, never meet agaio, till the bloom is on the heather and spring chisken’s turned to hen !*. because ir it is we don’t want it. :There'a more heather-bloom and* *see the rose* bud s bursting beauty*, poetry* around' here now thin you can shake a stick at. What we want just now is something that will jibe with the season'—not *Oh, the merry, merry May time, with its wealth of floral bloom,’ but a verse or two that has a contemporaneous human interest, such as— Beat the carpet gently, papa; Do not slug It quite so hard; - \- For you nevtr can replace it Short of eighty cents a yard.” ' ‘.Do you think that is nice poetry?” asked the young lady. * Well, there isn’t much *1 am wandering by. the brookstde ’ or, * Hark, the lark his.note is trilling ’ business about it, but it’s good, ser viceable rhyme that appeals to the everyday nature of the people—a sorb of free-for-all Pierian spring at which alike the rich, and poor may quaff without stint. Poetry that goes right into the family circle and strikes a common chord in the heart of all Bumtuily !a what’s going to take the cake from this time bn. Something like— Don’t forgot tho garden hose; Wip‘) ths darling b.by’a no*?; Put the looking-glare and tooth-brush safe imr- Dot. li Lulu’s other buttle; • Como, bow, iltli, got up and hustle; \ve or a moving—its the merry month of May,” “My poem is about the spring time, too," ••Id the young lady, “but is different from that." ■ ■ . " How does it go!’ , ' Tba poet produced a roll of manuscript, and read as follows; I s it biside the streamlet, 1 watrhod tho water flow. As wo together watched It * One little year ago; "Phe soft rain pattered on tho leaves, ' The April grais wea wet. Ah ! ’tls folly to remember; 11s wlier to forget. The nightingale msde vocal June’s pa*ace paved with gold; I watched the roso you gave mo Its warm rad heart nafold; • But brsath of rote and blrd’a song Were fraught with wild regret. ’Tie madness to remember; Twero wisdom lo forget; “How, in the drat stanza of your poem," said the friend of Rsrne,- “it tells about your sitting by the creak. Then it says that tba soft tain pettored on the loaves, and the April grass was wet; doesn’t It ?” “Yes, sir," replied the poetess. “I hope you bad your gum shoes along), sis, because there !a nothing-sadder than lovely woman with a cold in her head. When catarrh comes In at the window lovo flies out at the door. And then, after fixing the date of your aqueous excursion to the ecsne oi your former reveries as being in April, you go on and tell a ghost story about tho nightingale making vocal June’s palace paved with gold. Now I don’t know anything about June’s palace,‘or what It is payed with, but when you get to nightingales I am in the front row. This is a Chicago poem, and ought therefore to have some kind of typographical harmony about it. Wo might overlook the sitting by tho streamlet part, on the ground that you had the catarrh, and oouldo t smell the only stream in this, vicinity. Poetic license would cover that, but the nightingale racket won’t work." i “ Well, really, sir, I thought it was a good poem. Mamma thought so, too." “ Tour mother Is doubtless an estimable port eon,’ enid the horse-reporter; “but as a rule the judgment ,of the gentle sex is morevalu-. able in connection with how to compound bandoline, or the most approved, method 6f doing up back hair so ns to mske it look like , thsir own, than when matters of a purely ' literary character are under consideration,” : “ Then you can’t print my verses said the young lady. “Oh,yes, they will.be printed." “ Thanks. Will they be sure to go in if yoa’ eay so 1" "Yes.” • . , . " Well, I don’t know. You seem rather young to have such a responsible position.” ’ “ Ton remembsr what Boorates: said," re.' ■ plied the boraa-reporter; “ ‘ Young men foe WR |*’ meQ counsel*—ln divorce cases." air,’* said the poetess. “Bon jour,**-replied the horse-reporter. ’*l '. don’t know what bonjour means, but the : literary editor always says it, and when it : comes to talking anything but United Slates he is a largo white, daisy with a yellow spot in the centre." 