Jaiest Di ATi or Jons C.'Anms.—Mr. Carbia, who lor many >^avsi a for Hill & O). uii the Strat 1 ialliyn line, rtiM ou Mond n.oTuiJg. 'J lie drceaw^d had made many irit'hds anions lUe triivclliDg public, and hie iU;tlh will bo nnifh retrrettod by all with w bom be ^.an^e iu cuutact. lilj the vacancy t.. _ Waid, rain?r<ihy the disqualification of Mr. John <>'( onnel," wure received at the Unlev 'I'oui, Hul on Monday. Mr. J. S. Greer, the Mayor, .K'U-d as Returning Officer John O'Conncll, of L'uley, auctioneer,and Wiliam Henry <ioodenou^h, of (Joodwood t, huildrr, were mmdnatcd, ami further pro- Lcedir.gs were adjourned until August 7. TIIK SALVATION ARMY.—At *„ue U«U.il « i ckly trinji?rancc nieetiu^ at tb<j 'iairaoK Moi I'hett -htrect, ou Saturday evouiug, i;iiu],hiu Turnbull, in the tvuracof au iiddreaa, n-ftrrcil to the lonu joticea in the 1 'iess as to the Town Hall meeting, bjt too no notice uf th»-ir proceedinjzs, although tlio were doing a pod work in the saving of BOUIS. lie 8,'IIA he had seen in one of tlie papers that at the Town liall meetings thoy di>i uut bhout like tbe Salvation Ann^ but In; stated that if he bad l>eeu at tho lown Hal I lie wo'ild liave shouted, and he could not have lieljted it. One shaker, referring to the all-uight meetine, stated tha directions wcrepiveu that the converts were uot to shout "Amcu' nor " Hallelujah," bu the s)icaker a.ssorted that if he had been there he \sould have shouted. Mr. Turnbull refiru-d to the fallen women who had l>een :<scu<-d by ni^ans of the Army, aaid that it W;IH intended to start a home for them, and that €17 had l>een collccted towards the ux- I'tLiHt-, besides frieuds bad sent in articles tnmiture. A man in the (neeting stated that he would u'ive a table damn, which woe ac cejited an.'id cries of 44 Hallelujah." MRS, HAMPSON'S MISSION.—The mission being conducted by Mrs. Hampson is proending with increased vigour aud interest, and admission to the Town Hall Incomes a matter of greater dillioulty as day l>y day the ladv iirea':l\ev'a fame be i onu's known. On Sunday afternoon n s] t'cial berviu'e, ciiielly intended for SuM*th-flehoolfl, was held, and though Mrs JI-mi] ison'b iutentiouof confining It to sue I «:is made public, scoiei of adalU wenj pv and the liall was crowded, huu.lieds Having to turn bark, including several ^rhools, Hi" children of which went in bodies. M rf». 1 J.nnpson based her umarks ou tbe text, " SufTvr little children to come unto Me," aud spoke for twenty-tive minutes. During part of her touching and ,.Mo address the S|.eaker had a little boy on her knee-one ill ietiaiive by liin drets and appearance of "tbe great niwu! lied. The b.-v. S. Mead op«med and closed the meetin-. In tlie evctiing tITc ball ua* t-acked to its utmost rapacity, i. i i id red s being ri Jused adniissiou, and a liody of police was pre.wut to prevent ttjf Mr I lamps uk fo in r text i.uko xvi. il, and tli.it <,od bad given all people tune, til.ills, md tlie Uible. Ilcr iiilr.-sr which was telling and interesting, lasted -.v.-i jii iioin, Rclerriog to time, she entreat-d pi rsou^i not to spend it in fruitless atn'ine 111e111, luit to devote it to tin- fnrtlio ranee uH.od's work. 'J hen, with i.'imH to talents sbf p- intwl nn.re pjirtieularly tu lit. rary mi jj, in who.^j han.i luv tlirt I>iiwoifill wielding of the pen fur good ami evil. The liible sin; termed a nugget uf geld whuh Cod had senlt and dilated on iu yrai'd resistance to tlie onslaughts of Hcept.i<istn and rv»-rv tvpe of infidflitv and piejudi.e. lnsj itc all attacks it lud with *tood tliciri, and it marching, and wuld still n..ii\li on its great proL'ress, for it was the ine inspirati' :i that framed it. aud the Jiivine )i,in«l which guided it. lb ordci t?. .uiielioraU' to a certaiu degree the disap j'ointmcnt hundreds of prisons cr.vpetienoeil ui not being able lo gain entrance, Mrs. Hampton decided to bold a scooud meeting, aud this was as largely attended as the lust, She took as a general text the healing of Naaman. the leper, and drew from it many le6Fons of humility. The enquirvnn.rsi after tbe meeting was well tilled. At a meeting of the Women's Prayer Union in the KJinders atreet liaptist Lecture Hail oil Saturday afternoon, a committee was -lj pointt d and Mrs. K. Scryingour electcd s,Hr» tarv. A meeting in the evening at the Mindeis street liiptist Church, for anxious inn ^ v -is uell atteuded. The lady evaugeiiht .nuxeird a solemn address, and at its oonelubion there were iwelve yeekers. TITTI LATF. f)R. GO.SSF..—At the Unitarian Church on Sunday morning the Rev. J. C. Woodn, J-l.A., eorticludcd his sermon w»tn the following lefercnce to tbo late Wiliam liouw, M.li —"Several yearsofioi 1 . wasmy duty to habitually visit a poor ayirg girl, ou gradu/dlv sii-kirg from consamiition. She was the child of a widow in indigent circumsunccB. A medical man of this city a!tended her vvgulaily for many months without my expeciation of fee or reward. One day, a hbort time belorc her death, she expressed a wish lor a lutuir far beyond her mother's means to obtain for her. Her doctor heard of this, and busy as he was in the concerns of a liirec practice, very soon was it procured lor her at his owu expeuse, and seut to the pooi girl in a form such as would have l>ecn ado] >t< d for the richest of bis patients. This jut fctruck me as one of beautitul unseltieh kimluess, when, quite accidentally as wo say it came to my knowledge. I always hououred the doer of this kind deed afterwards. The doctor who did it, and it was one of many such, was the late Wiliam Gosse, M.D. 1 say peace be to him, aud honour to his memory." THE OLD COLONISTS' ASSOCIATION.—The Council of this Association met iuthc Mayo piirlour on Saturday last, and considered several applications for pressing relief, whicli they could not entertain, as tho sum the rules alow to be devoted for relief had been exhausted. Ail olfer was made to them by a citizen to give a donation of 100 guineas, providing foar others will give each a like sum ; ami two of the members of the Council promised to give £'-0 each, providing the funds of the Association were raised to £1.000 K was determined that an effort should be made to secure the fulfilment of these pr miftK The Council expressed themselves as hopeful during tbe present year of being ab to purchase land on which to erect the Homc for which the Association was established, iLd they felt that it had strong claims to the practical sympathy and liberality of South Australians in all parts of the province. The opinion of the Council was that, in addition to. ov f apnrt from subscriptions, tho publ* might Qssifit the Association by donations, tarSome ten- lino Colonial-made Jewelorf m now be K en at'the i stablithmontof F. Baa*?, k Xindlc street, wbicl cannot be equaled either i piice or qun'.ity. 2(Wa»wfc rsr ; — Dav „ notwithstanding tho best medical atends ace, coul not findrelief. He came to the Sciota Conntr Po Loupe, and had to be carded into and out of bed accountof his lielploss condition. After the failure of all tbe remt-dier, which had been applied, the Dire tor*of the Poorboofie resolved to use the celel'rate fieiman remedy, Si. Jacob'p Oil. and this wai f.rtunale resolution; for. with tbe trialof ( buttle, Uiopatient waaalready bettcr.andwhen f bottles had been used apon him be c<tuld a^a «-,.LK alttut without the UMUof a cane. Tbe focU, above stated, wil be verified by the editorof i PurUnieuth (Ohio) CcrrenpondcnL U.S.A. Sold by til rherobits. zeii-tt ty ADE1J.1PESTEAMSniPCOMPANY.—A. geier meounpofthiMCompany wil be b^ld this af(ern atVhe (.^pipftny'e once HOME MISSION SOCIETY.—Tbe Bishop of Adelaide preached to a large congregation at Glenelg on Sunday morning in aid of the Home Mission Society. Before delivering th sermon bis Lordship read the following pastoral letter:—"My dear people—I earnestly commend to you the canoe for which the collection for the Home Missions Fund is l>cing made in your Church. In connection with the Bishop's Home Mission Society it will be henceforward given to the extension of the Church's work in our own Diocese. A great trust devolves upon us, brethren. For our Master's sake, and for our brethren's take, and, indeed, for our own sake, we are l>ound to do our ntirost in banding on the blessings which we ourselves have snared in For oar Master's sake—for in His constant lovo He is yearning after those who do not know His ways, ana we would eater into H mind ; for our brethren's sake—for we know their needs, and that the Church has a message which can satisfy their wants and brin life to their souls ; and for our own sake, fo we only live in exercising our power of life and to rest indifferent to the spiritual wants around us means the decay of the spiritual life we have. A letter, which any of you can receive on application to your clergyman or to the Church Office in Adelaide, will indicate the manner in whic we are endeavouring to develop the Church's work. The fieldsare already ripe for harvest, and the Great Master Reaper, tbe Lord of the harvest, wbo would send forth His labourers into His harvest, claims from us th help He bas put it in our power to give, it is in His name 1am urging upon you the great duty aud privilege of extending the work of his Church, of gathering wanderers into tbe fold of which He is the Shepherd uf building up that house over which He is tbe Son, and of fostering the growth of that body of which He is the Head. He will uot dcupiec tlie offering of tbe poorest, but the measure of His love to us should be the measureof the effort in which we inakeknon'n love to others. Praying the blessing of merciful God upon you, I am,my dear people, your faithful seivant in Christ Jesu \V. AJJELAIDE." The text for the sermon i taken from Hosea xiv., 4-8, and the preacher dwelt uj»on the purity, strength, gio\s th.aud influence of the Church, which (raid was brought about by the indwelling o the Holy Ghost. He then referred to the k'ciety on whose behalf he was preaching, ml ] lointed out that the fund was now used cntin-ly for extending the CJiurc'i work in the Diocese, which was in need of more clergy. There were also a large number o y places within the province too poor to help and who therefore needed assistance. A collection was subsequently taken up in aid of the funds of the Society, hich amounted to upwards of £2">. His ch at St. P alf of the Society. Noitwr ON Tow V HALL.—This Hall will be pened by His Kxcelcncy the Governor th:n afternoon. Tbe architects have supplied the following description : — " Tbe building, situated on the north side of the Parade, at the corner of George-street, Norwood, and only just finished,is the . est complete municipal building iu the burbs. comprising a handsome Council Chamber 32 x \S feet, entered from the main entrauce hall, and immediately connccted with the Town Clerk and Mayor rooms, 16 x 1(> feet, tbe latter having a private entrance from the side lobby. The Surveyor's 10 x U, ft. Gin.: Kate Collector's, 18 x 10 feet; and Messenger's rooms, 10 x 13 feet, are all conveniently situated, and handv to the Council Chamber and Town Clerk. These rooms, with ample out ofliccsl wood and coal houses, complete the municipal portion Tbe Town Hall proper hastwo main entrance one from the front through the main entranc hall 10 feet wide, with a tiled floor, and havin a succession of archwayB, enriched with moulded caps and bases, finishedin Keen's cement, ana presenting a very handsome appearance. The other entrance is by a portico, 17 x 13 feet, at the side b/ IpA large doorso|>cningoutwards, thus servtngn escape f doors in case of a panic. The teBis 80 x 40 feet, with a height of nearlv thirty feet. The walls are brokea np witn piers having moulded caps and bases, surmounted by an enriched cornice at botom of ve and finished ou the ceiliug with an riched moulding to correspond. The ha light by two starlights from ceiling and finished with an enriched moulding. Tb proscenium to stage is fittedwitb every conenience, having doors on cither side for the onvenience of actors and actresses, with footlights, and connected by a staircase with the rooms below the stage, comprising ladie and genth men's dressing-rooms with accom modatiQi and a greenroom. In case of the hall being used for public dinners, <fcc., a serving lobby has been provided, conuected by a Btaircase to the kitchen below, with x»d and coal cellar leading off same. Befor tering tlie hull on the left is a gentlemen's iak-room, aud on the rieht a ladies' cloakuni, 1 iotli of which have also separate ti rnal entrances. One of the handsomest features in the building is the staircase hall •eing enclosed on three sides with a sucession of urchcs, ali enriched with moulded aps and bases, und having a bold staircase j ve feet wide leading to the supper or iss<mbly room on the first iloor, tnrou^h half glassHwing doors from the landing, wh i similar manner to that below. . II..-. i a...... vjiich is 7'> x L'l>, with a height of about 20 J«'et, is finished with a coved cornice similar to that in Town Hall proper." J.cadni-otl this room are the hat and elo.ik 1"I>) icy, coffee and serving room, tho latter U'ing connected witli kitchen by adinncr lift aud m. parate staircase. The balconctle over jitiji.ii. which it? tiled, is reached through tw hali^lass doors, and from this portion the lo'ji. out on tin* tower i* reached by nieaus of a fct.iirv.aythrough hull and clock towers. The lour front rooms looking ou to the iiarade c devoted to letting purposes, being about » x hi, arfd very lo'ly. The building has P)it n:traii.?ee in all, five staircases, ample .-iter eloset accommodation, wel lit, and thutoughly \entilaled. It is carried out in a jely classical style of architecture in che isean and Doric orders, in freestoue and tnent dressings. The tower, finishedwith llagstafi and handsome iron railing, has provision for the reception of bells, and the k tower is filled in with louvres, awaiting beneliccncc of the Councillors or some :T generous citi7coR to replace it with a handsome clock. The building has been carried out by Mr. Joseph Lang, contractor, of Mtdindie, under the supervision of Messrs. Bayer & Withall. A^KICTLTCRAL PnosrEiT.s. — A correspondent writes as follows :—" The crops round t l'irie are looking better this year than they have done for tbe three crcviousseasons and fanners say that iftbey ao not get agood harvest this time they never will. The wheat early sowu ie about eighteen inches high, and in general the paddocks present a rood regular appearance, though some in les Favoured situations are rather patchy. The Brougbton overflow has lieen, and is, very e considerable, large tracts of country being still under water. There is no doubt that in y a few years, with a proper system of irriga t tion, this country may bo brought to produce almost anything. Some of tbe most promis -ing crops I have seen this season are on the clcarcd scrub lands l>ctwecn Wandearah an Mnudoora. Tbo plant in many cases is already up two feet, looking strong, healthy and regular. Feed is very abundant, and many formersare taking advantage of tho favourable season to plant treeB, which arc supplied gratis from the Government reserves. Some dissatisfaction exists as to the manner in which tbe young trees come hand, and I am told that many prefer payin a prhato firmfor plants, owing to their superior quality, and care in packing. Tbe , crops on tho ranges round Kedhill and M crriton arc somewhat backward, but ] nomise well. Tho early sown wheat is generally abont nine to twelve inches high, and later sowings from five to Bix inches high. Farmers are very hopeful of a good harvest, and are already fallowing large tract of country for next season. The dams are 's full to overflowing, and the roads on the plains ]>erfect sloughsof despond." UNITED METHODISM.—For years past some of the ministers and leading laymen in the various sections of the Methodist Cnureh have (says the Melbourne Dai/y Telegraph) been urging the desirability of attempting to bring about a union of all the Churches. The idea has been so far approved that committees have been appointed at tho annual . gatherings of the several bodies to meet and confer. The members of these committees o-have been assembling during the last few days at Wesley Church, Lonsdale-street, an le we understand the utmost cordiality has been i manifested, and unanimity exceeding the anticipations of the moat sanguine. Upon doctrines there is no diversity of opinion— never has been—but in matters of polity considerable differences have prevailed. Mutua concessions, however, upon things nonessential bid far to open the way iu Australia for that which bas been brought abou in 11 eland and Canada—one united Methodis ay Church. IMMIGRANTS' FCND.—AMOUNT pre- r- n ST. BEDE'S Oni Rcn.—The name of \Y. R. Cave, c-one of the committee of the aliove Church, was l given by an error of the printer as W. R. Lane. GOODWOOD WARD.—The nominations (or the vacancy in the Goodwood Ward of Cnley Municipality will take place at noon to-day in the Dnley ... u Town Ball. Nonwron JfE\v TOWN HALL.— The Govenio will officially open tbe new Town Hall, Norwood, at noon to day. (JIF.N OSMOND BAPTIST Oilmen. — Tea and oc 