THE NATHAN CASE. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE COKRHSl'OXREXT.) Wednesday. The acjourned charge against Mr Samuel Hathan, of aiding and abetting in the_ofi'ence of keeping a disorderly house, was .proceeded with at the South Mel bourne Police Court this morning. The imprisonment undergone by the young women who refused to give evidence last week, had not been without its effect, and the questions put to tliein were answered without the least hesitation. Minnie Fitzgerald stated that during her residence at Melbourne House she had several times seen the defendant there. He gave her notice to leave the place, and took her out to the house at Eastern Road in a cab. She paid him the rent in advance, and subsequently paid the rent at his shop. She described Melbourne House as a boarding house, the boarders at which were all girls, who used to be visited by gentle men. She deposed to herself and other girls who had lived with her having been cleared out by the police from Eastern road, and of their return thither after a conversation with a clerk of the defen dant's at May Day Yilla. Rose Hilcher gave evidence of having rented the house at South Melbourne from the defendant. Evidence was given of the disorderly pro ceedings of the inmates of the house at Eastern road. Mr Gillott contended that there was 110 evidence to support the charge, but the bench held that it had been fully proved, and sentenced the de fendant to twelve months' imprisonment, with hard labor. Eotice of appeal was given. The charge against Jennaway was withdrawn. Wells' "Hough on Corks."—Ask for Wella' "Hough on Coras." Quick relief, com plete, permanent cure. Coras, warts, hunions. i Moses, Moss and Co., Sydney,* General Agents. Skinny Men.—"Wells' Health Benewer " restores- health ^aud vigor, cures Dyspepsia, Impotence, Debility, Moses, Moss and Co., Sydney, General Agents. Don't die in tiie house.—" Hough on Eats,'-' clears out rats, mice, beetles, roaches, bed-bugs, flies, ants, insects, moles, jack rabbits, gophers. Moses, Moss and Co., Sydney. General Agents.| GHOSTS.—An attempt is bein made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won derful stories that fill some of tho journals. 1 The'sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: " How do I know that yon are not a bit of undigested bread ?" for, of all the gliost pro ducers, a bit of "heavy" bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do'not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Bonvick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't "raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper has it by him, and every good houEe wife buys it. . THE.inGHEST TRIBUTE TO THE GENIUS Of any medicine is the fact that the profession, who are antipodal to everything that is not embraced within the range of their prescrip tions, lend to it their unqualified approval, by strongly recommending it. This the faculty have done to Wolfe's Schnapps, by t- nn1«r +natiftttnrr 4-n ifrn hnf f»Vf>n not ODly testifying to its merits, but even prescribing it, in many known and recorded cases, . -i ' 