Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XXIII. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alce Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; BUT Donal did not feel that even then would he have exhausted the likelihood of discovery. That the source of the music that had so long haunted the house was an Eolian harp in a chimney that had never or scarcely been used, might be enough for the other dwellers in the castle, but Donal wanted to know as well why, if this was a chimney, it had been seldom and was never used; also to what room it was a chimney. For the thought had struck him— Could the music have anything to do with the main legend that hung vaporous about the ancient house ? Perhaps he might not so im mediately have sought a possible connection between the two, but that the talk about the unknown room in the castle had gone on spread ing ; inquiry after popular legendary lore had come nearer and nearer, and that had naturally increased the talk about it. At the same time were heard occasional and increasing hints as to a ghost being even now seen at times about the castle. As to this latter, Donal had con cluded that one or more of the domestics might have had a glimpse of the earl in his restless night walks about the house, aud had cither imagined a ghost or had chosen to use the memory of their own fright to produce like effect upon yielded listeners. With all its vagueness, the report was yet, as was natural, associated with that of the lost chamber, as if from that the spectre issued, and to that he returned. Various were the conjectures as to what ghost it might be—among the few who were inclined to believe in such things, according to the version of the story adopted. Donal, by nature strongly urged towards the roots of things, could not fail to let his mind rest at times even on such a comparatively unimportant rumour of mystery, and cherish a desire to discover whether any or how much truth was at the root of it—for a root, great or small, there must be to everything, even the greatest lie that ever was told —a root, that is, if not in the material, then in the moral world. But he had no right to go prying about the place, or doing anything which, if known, might be disagreeable. He must take an opportunity of first suggesting the idea to Lady Arctura. By the way she took it he would be guided. For the present he must wait. His spare hours were now much occupied with his friend Andrew Corain. The good man had so far recovered as to think himself able to work again ; but he soon found it was very little he could do. His strength was gone, and the exertion necessary to the lightest labour caused him pain. It was sad to watch him on his stool, now putting in a stitch, now stopping for the cough which so sorely haunted his thin wind-blown tent. His face had grown very white and thin, and he had nearly lost his merriment, though not his cheerful ness, for he never looked other than quite content however things were with him. He had made up his mind that he was not to get better, but was to go home through a lingering illness. He was ready to go and ready to linger, as God pleased. Nor was there any thing wonderful in its being so with such a man. To most it will appear more wonderful that he had no uneasiness as to how his Doory would fare when he was gone. The house was their own, but there was no money in it —not even enough to pay the taxes; and if she sold it the proceeds would not be enough for her to live upon. The neighbours, with the instinct of inferior natures, were severe upon Andrew's indifference to her welfare, manifest, they judged, in his great cheerfulness on the brink of the grave; but scarce one of them knew the world of faith in which he lived, or could have understood that for the cobbler to allow the smallest danger of things going wrong for Doory would have been, to go down to the * The sole right of publication in Queensland of "Donal Grant" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company. Limited. grave with the feeling that the universe was upheld only in the slippery arms of chance. A little moan escaping from Doory, as she looked one evening into her money-teapot, made Donal ask her a question or two. She confessed that she had but a sixpence left. Now Donal had spent next to nothing since he came, and had therefore a fow pounds in hand. His father and mother, he knew, were in want of nothing: his friend Sir Gibbio Galbraith was such a good son to them that, compared with foregone hardships, never at the time counted such, they were now living in luxury. Old Robert doubted whether he was not ministering to the flesh in letting Janet provide beef-broso for him twice in the week! So Donal was free to spend for the friends next him—which was just what the people at home, who were grand in the way they thought about money, would have approved of. Never in that little cottage has a penny been wasted : never once ono refused where there was im mediate need. But first he must talk to Andrew. "An'rew," he said, "I'm thinkin'ye maun be growin' some short o 1 siller i' thae times o' warklessness!" " Deed, I wadna won'er!" answered Andrew. " Doory says naething aboot sic tritfles." " Well," returned Donal, " thank God I hae some i' tie ill pickle o' no bein' itherwise wantit, and sac in danger o' cankerin'; an' atween blithers there sudna be twa purses." "Ye hae yer am fowk to luik efter, sir,"said Andrew. •"They're weel luikit efter—better nor ever they war i' their lives—they're as weel aff as I am rayscl' up i' yon gran' castle. They hae a frccn wha but for them, or somebody i' their stead, wad ill hae lived to be the great man he is the noo; an' there's naething ower muckle for him to do for them; sac my siller's my am to do wi' as I like —an' I like you an Doory, as ye weel ken, better nor onybody but a feow auld freens." Thereupon the old man put him through a catechism as to his ways and means and pro spects ; and, finding that Donal believed as firmly as himself in the care of the Master, and was convinced there was nothing that Master would rather sec him do with his money than help those who needed it, especially those who trusted in Him, he yielded. "It's no, ye see," said Donal, "that I hae ony doobt o' the Lord providin' gien I had failt, bu£ he hauds the thing to my han', just as mickle as gien he said, ' There's for you to dv', Donal.' The fowk o' this waiT, Andrew, micht say it was hard on a puir student to hae to Eairt his hard won cash ; but you an' me kens etter, An'rew. We ken there's nac quid in siller, ony raair than in onything ither, but to do the wull o' the Lord wi 5 it—an' to help ane anither is the thing he likes best to see come o' the siller. It's no t he's short himsel', ye ken, Andrew!" " Weel, I'll tak it," said the old man. "There's what I hae," returned Donal,hand ing him the money. "Na, na; nane o' that!" said Andrew. , " Ye're treatin' me like a muckle reivin' sornin' beggar—offerin' me a' that at ance! Whaur syne wad be the prolonged sweetness o' haein' 't frae ycr han'as frae the neb o' an angel corbie sent frae varra harae wi'yerdenner?" Here shone a glimmer of the old merriment through the worn look and pale eyes—"Na, na, sir," he went on ; " jist talk the thing ower wi' Doory, an' lat her hae what she wants and nae mair. She wadna like it. Wha kens what may come i' the meantime ?—Deith him sel', maybe 1 Or see—gie Doorie a five shillins, an' whan that's done she can lat ye ken." Donal was forced to leave it thus, but he did his utmost to impress upon Doory that all he had was at her disposal. " I got new clothes," he said, " just before I came; I have all I can possibly want to eat and drink, and much more; and, for books, there's a whole ancient library at ray service ! —what can I want more? It's just a mere luxury to hand the money over to you, Doory. I'm thinkin', Doory," for he had got by this time to address the old woman by her husband's pet name for her, "there's naebody i' this warl', 'cep' the oonsecn Lord himscl', lo'es yer man sac weel as you an 1 me. Weel ken I you an' him wad share yer last crust wi' me; an* I'm only giein' ye o' yer am good wull when ye tak sac long as I hae onything." Thus adjured the old woman made no diffi culty ; if her husband was satisfied, she was satisfied. The time was now drawing nigh for the return of Lord Forgue, but Eppie had learned only his absence, and nothing concerning his return. But, as if she foresaw it, there was a restless light in her eyes. When Stephen Kennedy heard that Eppie had gone back to her grandparents, a faint hope revived in his bosom ; he knew nothing of the late passage between the lovers and her friends. He but knew that she was looking sad, as if she had lost her lover, and it seemed to him as if now she might at least admit him to be of some servico to her. Separation had begotten more aud more gentle thoughts of her in his heart; he was ready to forgive every thing, and believe nothing serious against her, if only she would let him love her again. The modesty of true love had, however, restrained him from throwing himself in her way until some time should nave elapsed, allowing her to forget a little. He haunted the house, however, in the hope of getting a peep of her; an'l when she began to go again into the town he saw her repeatedly, following her for the sake of being near her, but taking care she should not sec him, and, partly from her self abs&rption;, he succeeded in escaping her notice. At length, howover, one night rather more than a month after her return, he tried to summon up courage to accost her. It was a warm, lovely, moonlit night, half the street floored with quaint black shadows from the gables, the other shining like the sand on the seashore in the yellow light. On the moony side the people standing at their doors could recognise caen other's face, but in the shadow it was not easy to tell who was passing at a little distance. Eppie had gone into the baker's, whose daughter was her friend; Kennedy had seen her go in, and stood in the Bhadow, waiting for her to come out, and all but determined to speak to her that night if he could. She remained within a good while, but one accustomed to wait for the fish of the sea learns patience. At length she appeared. By this time, however, though not his patience, Kennedy's courage had nearly evaporated, and when he saw her coming towards him he stepped under an archway, let her pass, and followed afresh. All at once a resolve, which yet was no resolve, awoke him. He did not know how or whence it came. He said it was mif aome one—not that he felt anything—had taken him by the shouldei*s and pushed him up to her. she started when he stepped in front of her, and gave a little cry. "Dinna be fcart at me, Eppie," said Kennedy. " I wadna hurt a hair o' yer heid. I wad rather be skinned mysel' 1" " Gang away," aaid Eppie. "Ye hae nae richt to come afore me." "Nane but the richt o' lo'ein' yo better nor ever," said Kennedy, " gien sac be as yell lat me ony gait shaw 't!" The words softened her; she had dreaded reproaches, if not some outbreak of indignant remonstrance. She began to cry. " Gien onything i' my pooer wud tak' the grief atf o' ye, Eppie," said Kennedy, "ye hae but to speak—ye maun ken that! I'm no gaum' to ask you to marry me, for that I ken ye wudna care aboot; but gien I can be a freen to you or yours, or may be alloot to do onything to help 1' yer trible, I'm ready to lay me i' the dirt afore ye. I hae nae care for mysel' ony mair, an' there fore maun do some thing for somebody—an' wha sac soon as yersel 1, Eppie ?" For sole answer, Eppie went on crying. She was far from happy. She had nearly, she thought, persuaded herself that all was over between her and Lord Forgue, and she felt almost as if she could, but for shame, have allowed Kennedy to comfort her as an old friend. But everything in her mind was so confused, and everything around her so miser able, that there was nothing to be done but cry. And as she continued crying, and they were in a walled lane into which no windows looked, Kennedy, in the simplicity of his heart, and the desire to comfort her who little from him deserved comfort, came quietly but with throbbing heart up to her, and putting his arm around her, said again: "Dinna be feart at me, Eppie. I'm a man ower sair hertit to do ye ony hurt. It's no as my am, Eppie, I wad preshume to do onything for ye, but only as an auld freen, fain to tak the dog aff o' ye. Arc ye in want o' onything ? Ye maun hae a heap o' trible, I weel ken, wi' yer gran'fathcr's mischance, an' it's but easy to un'erstan' things may well be turnin' scarce wi' ye; but be sure o' this, that as lang's my mitner has onything she'll be blyth to share the same wi' you an' yours." He said his mother, but she had nothing save what he provided for her. " Thank ye, Stephen," said Eppie, touched with his goodness, " but there's nae necessity. We hae plenty." She moved on, her apron still to her eyes. Kennedy followed her. " Gien the young lord hae wranged ye ony gait," he said, " an gien there bo ony amends ye wad hae o' him " She turned on him with a quickness that was almost fierce, and in the dim light Kennedy saw her eyes blazing. " I want naething frae your ban', Stephen Kennedy," she aaid. "My lord's naething to you—nor yet muckle to me !" she added, with sudden reaction and an outburst of self pity, and fell a weeping and sobbing violently. Again, with the timidity of a strong man before a girl ho loves, and whose displeasure he fears, Kennedy tried to comfort her, seeking to wipe her eyes with her apron, as if that would stop her tears. While he was thus engaged, another man, turning a corner quickly, came nearly upon them. He started back, then came nearer as if to satify himself who they were, and spoke. It was Lord Forgue. " Eppie I" he cried, in a tone in which indig nation blended with surprise. Eppie uttered a little shriek, and ran to him. But he pushed her away. "My lord," said Kennedy, "the lass will nane o' me—or my help. I sair doobt there's nane but yersel* can please her. But I sweir by God, my lord, gien ye do her ony wrang, 111 no rest, nicht nor day, till I hae made ye repent it." Go to the devil I" said Forgue; "what have you to do with her? Speak out like a man, and show your right, and you may take her. lam hardly prepared to go halves with you." Again Eppie would have clung to him, but again he pushed her away. " Oh, my lord!" she exclaimed, and could go no further for weeping. This touched him. " How is it I find you here with this man ?" he said. " I don't want to be unfair to you, but you will own this is rather too much !" " My lord," said Kennedy. " Hold your tongue and let her speak for herself and you too." "I had no tryst wi' him, my lord ! I never bade him corao near me," sobbed Eppie. "Ye see what ye hae done!" she went on turning in anger upon Kennedy, and her tears suddenly ceasing; " never but ill hae ye brocht upo' me ! What business had ye to come after me this gait, an' mak' mischief 'atween my lord an' me ? Can a body no set fut ayon tthe door Bill but they maun be follow't o' them they wad see far eneuch ?" Kennedy turned without a word and went. Eppie with a fresh burst of tears turned to go also. But she had satisfied Forgue that there was nothing between them, and taking his turn he was soon more successful than Kennedy in consoling her. He had while absent been able enough to get on without her, but no sooner was he home than, in the weary lack of anything else to interest him, the feelings he had begun to think, without knowing whether to lament or rejoice over them, on the point of being lost, began to revive, and he had set out to gain, if possible, a sight of Eppie, whom, when he saw in such close relations, as it appeared, with her old lover, Hrat a sense of unpardonable injury possessed him. and next the conviction that he was, as he called it, as madly in love with her as ever. Satisfied that the interview had not been of her seeking, neither was to her satis faction, he felt the tide of old tenderness come streaming back over the ghastly sands of jealousy, and ere they parted he had made with her an appointment to meet the next night in a more suitable spot. Before Eppie re-entered the house she did her best to remove all traces of the varied emotions she had undergone, but she could not help the shining of her eyes, for the joy lamp re-lighted in her bosom shone through them. Donal was seated by her grandfather reading ; he had now the opportunity of reading to him many things of which the old man had no idea that such existed. I believe those last days of sickness and weakness were among the most blessed of his life ; things could be done for a man like him which could not be done for even many a good man with ten times his education. He looked up when Eppie entered, and the same moment Donal knew her secret — not from her face, but from Andrew's; the grandfather read it from hers, and Donal read it from his. "She has seen Forgue!" he said to himself, and added, "I hope the old man will be dead before she comes to worse !" fro ue continued.] 