Ananias can take a Back-Seat. ANANIAS is dethroned. Never again, when I want to confront my imagination with an ideal and typical liar, will my mind seek to pierce the mists of ages and behold Ananias and Sapphira lying themselves to death. The ghosts of this mendacious pair may rest happily in their graves, and exult that they didn't die childless—that, out here in this new country, worthy descendants have arisen to wield with effect the Ananias sceptre and wear the Sapphira headgear. The very latest, and the most audacious Ananias is the Brisbane Telegraph, which has out-Sapphirad Sapphira. ON the same evening that J. E. Redmond was an- nounced to lecture in the Theatre Royal, Brisbane, the Telegraph published some fire-breathing lines, appended to which was the nom de plume "Eva." That signature is well-known to readers of newspapers printed in the English tongue—and especially noted when Irish topics are the theme—as being that of Mrs. O'Doherty, a poeti- cal contributor to the Nation, an Irish newspaper. Now, Mrs. O'Doherty is the wife of Dr. O'Doherty, of Brisbane, who has headed more than any other man the Redmond movement here. Queenslanders are well aware that "Eva" is her recognised nom de plume. The lines published in the Telegraph were intended to stir up hatred and create a row at Redmond's meeting, and the fact that the public believed that Mrs. O'Doherty was their author was calculated to intensify the situation. (The profitless result shows how little influence the Telegraph exerts, but that is by the way.) Mrs. O'Doherty wrote to the Telegraph concerning the "poetry," but that paper in reply only put in a few bald lines to the effect that it had been requested to state that "Eva" of the Telegraph was not "Eva" of the Nation, 1848. The Australian commented upon this, and last Monday the Telegraph, brought to bay, came out with the lame apology that the disclaiming com- munication "was in a masculine handwriting, without name or address attached" and that it had reason to believe "that the veritable 'Eva' of the Nation had nothing to do with it." Mrs. O'Doherty again wrote, emphatically convicting the Telegraph of downright falsehood, and there the matter stands. My readers know my sentiments about Redmond's mission. But I like fair play and hate to see cowardly advantages taken. The Telegraph knew very well that the public would be bluffed into the belief that Mrs. O'Doherty was the author. If anyone sent a communi- cation to the Telegraph signed "FIGARO," would not the reader immediately set me down as its author? So it is with such a well-known nom de plume as "Eva." The doggrel was a Telegraph bombshell. It not only contained sectarian hatred; it also possessed within itself the elements of a private domestic scandal. The yarn about an anonymous communication in masculine hand- writing is too thin. The public know very well that it is against newspaper custom to insert such contributions, and, until lately, the Telegraph, like most journals, had a standing announcement to the effect that no notice would be taken of such communications. I call that yarn a downright lie. The public, if they are not fools, will do the same. Ought not such shuffling practices as these convince the people what this syndicate-ridden paper will do in order to gain any desired end? If, for such a trivial advantage, it will lie straight out, what will it not do when the pockets of its syndicate are in jeopardy ? What will it not do for "Power, Place, and Pay ?" "O tempora ! O mores !" Oh tarrydiddles ! Oh stories ! Oh George Washington ! Oh Penny Bosh-inked-'un ! Oh Bunkum jaw ! Oh Cowlishaw! 