CHAPTER VOL THE SHADOW OF DEATH. After this it may perhaps be surprising to know that Lucy did nothing to carry out that great trust with which she had been charged. She had felt and did feel at intervals, for a long time afterwards, as if God himself had warned her what might come upon her if she neglected her duty. But if you will reflect how very difficult that duty was, and how far she was from any opportunity of being able to discharge it 1 In early days, when she was fresh from her father's teach ing, and deeply impressed with the instant necessity of carrying it out, Providence itself iiad sent the Russell family, poor and help lesB people, who had not the faculty of getting on by themselves, into her way, and Lucy Had promptly, or at least as promptly as indignant guardians would permit, provided for them in the modest way which was all her ideas reached at the time. But around the Hall there was nobody to whom the same summary process could be applied. The people there were either working people, I whom it is always easy to help, or well-oii | people, who had no wants which Lucy could supply. And this continued to be so even after her fright and determination to return to the work that had been allotted to her. No doubt could she have come down to the hearts and lives of the neighbours who visited Lady Randolph on the externally equal footing which society pretends to allot to all gentle-f oiks, she would have found several of them who would have been glad to free her from her money. But then she could not sec into their hearts. She did not know what a difficult thing it was for Mr. Routledge, of Newby, to pay the debts of his son when he had left College, or how hardly hit was young Archer, of Fordham, in the matter of the last Joint-Stock Bank that stopped payment. If they had not all been so determined to hold up their heads with the best, and keep up appearances, Lucy might have managed somehow to transfer to them a little of the money which she wanted to get rid of, and of which they stood so much in need. But this was not to be thought of; and when she cast her eyes around her, it was with a certain despair that Lucy saw no outlet whatever for those bounties which it had seemed to her heaven itself was concerned about, and had warned her not to neglect. Many an anxious thought occupied her mind on this subject. She thought of calling her cousin, Philip Rainy, who was established and thriving at Faraneld, and whose fortune had been founded upon her liberality, to her counsels. But if Sir Tom had disliked the confidences between her and her brother, what would he think of Philip Rainy as her adviser. Then Lucy in her perplexity turned again to the thought of Jock. Jock had a great deal more sense in him than anybody knew. He had been the wisest child, respected by everybody ; and now he was almost a man, and had learned, as he said, a great deal at school. She thought wistfully of the poor curate of whom Jock had told her. Very likely that poor clergy man would do very well for what Lucy wanted. Surely there could be no better use for money than to endow such a man, with a whole family growing up, all the better for it, and a son on the foundation! And then she remembered that Jock had entreated her to do nothing till he came. Thus the time went on, and her passionate resolution, her sense tliat heaven itself was calling upon her, menacing her with judgment even, seemed to come to nothing—not out of forgetfulness or sloth, or want of will—but because she saw no way open before her, and could not tell what to do. And after that miserable night when Ellen Bailey's baby died, and death seemed to enter in as novel and terrible as if be had never been known before, for the first time into Lucy's Paradise, she had never said anything to Sir Tom, Day after day she had meant to do it, to throw herself upon his guidance, to appeal to him to help her; but day after day sne had put it off, shrinking from the possible contest of which some instinct warned her. She knew, without knowing how, that in this he would not stand by her. Impossible to have been kinder in that crisis, more tender, more in dulgent, even more understanding than her { husband was. But Bhe felt instinctively the limits of his sympathy. He would not go that length. When she got to that point he would change. But she could not have him to change; she could not anticipate the idea of a cloud upon his face, or any shadow between them. And then Lucy made up her j mind that she would wait for Jock, and that he and she together, when there were two to talk it over, would [make out a way. All was'going on well again, the grass above little Willie's grave was green, his mother consoled and smiling as before, and at the Hall the idea of the Chrismas party had been resumed, and the invitations indeed were sent off, when one morning the visitor whom Lucy had anticipated with such dread came out of the village, where infantile diseases always lingered, and entered the carefully kept nursery. _ Little Tom awoke crying and fretful, hot with fever, his poor little eyes I heavy with acrid tears. His mother had not bet n among thehuts where poor men lie for nought, ana she saw at a glance what it was. Weill not anything so very dreadful— mcaslts, which almost all children have. There was no reason in the world why she | should be alarmed. She acknowledged as much, with a tremor that went to her heart. | There were no bad {symptoms. The baby was no more ill than it was necessary he should be. "He was having them beautiful," the nurse said, and Lucy scarcely allowed el,en her husband to see the deep narrowing dread that was in her. By-and-bye, how ever, this dread was justified; she had been very anxious about all the little patients in the village that they should .not catch cold, which in the careless Ignorance Of their attendants, and in. the limited accommoda tion of the cottages, was so usual, so likely, almost inevitable. A door would be left open; a sudden blast of cold would come upon the little sufferer. How could any one help it? Lucy had given the poor woman no peace on the subject. She had " worrited them out o' their lives." And how, wonder above all finding out, it was iu little Tom's luxurious nursery, where everything wal arranged for his safety, where one carefus nurse succeeded another by night and by day, and Lady Randolph herBelf was never absent for an hour, where the ventilation was anxiously watched and regulated, and no in cautious intruder ever entered—it was there that the evil came. When the child had shaken off his little complaint and all was going well, he took cold, and in a few hours more his little lungs were labouring heavily, and the fever of inflammation con suming his strength. Little Tom, the heir, the only child ? A cloud fell over the house; from Sir Tom himself to the lowest Bervani, all became partakers unawares of Lucy's dumb terror. It was because the little life was so important, because so much hung upon it, that everybody jumped to the con clusion that the worst issue might be looked for. Humanity has an instinctive, heathenish feeling that God will take advantage of all the special circumstances that aggravate a blow. Lucy, for her part, received the stroke into her very souL She was outwardly more calm than when her heart had first been roused to terror by the death of the little child in the village. That which she had dreaded was come, and all her power was collected to support her. The moment had arrived—the time of trial—and she would not fail. Her hand was steady and her head clear, as is the case with the finer nature when confronted with deadly danger. This simple girl suddenly became like one of the women of tragedy, fighting, still aud strong, with a desperation beyond all symbols—the fight with death. But Sir Tom took it differently. A woman can nurse her child, can do something for him; hue a man is helpless. At first he got' rid of his anxieties by putting a cheerful face upon the matter, ana denying the possi bility oi danger. " The measles ! every child had the measles. If no fuss was made the little chap," he declared, "would soon be all right. It waB always a mistake to exaggerate.' But when there could no longer be any doubt on the Bubject, a curious struggle took place in Sir Tom s mind. That baby—die? That crowing, babbling creature pass away into the solemnity of death 1 It had not seemed possible, and when he tried to get it into his mind his brain whirled. Wander for the moment seemed to silence even the pos sibility of grief. He had himself gone through labours and adventures that would have killed a dozen men, and had never been con scious even of alarm about himself; aud the idea of a life quenched in its beginning by so accidental a matter as a draught in a nursery seemed to him something incomprehensible. When he had heard of a child's death he had been used to say that the mother would feel it, no doubt, poor thing; but it was a small event that scarcely counted in human history to Sir Tom. When, however, his own boy was threatened, after the first incredulity, Sir Tom felt a pang of anger and wretchedness which he could not understand. It was not that the family misfortune of the loss of the heir overwhelmed him, for it was very im piobable that poor little Tom would be his only child; it was a more intimate and per sonal sensation. A sort of terrified rage came over him which he dared not express; for if indeed his child was to be taken from him, who was it but God that would do this? and he did not venture to turn his rage to that quarter. And then a confusion of miserable feelingsrosewithinhim. One night he did not go to bed. It was impossible in the midst of the anxiety that filled the house, he said to himself. He spent the weary hours in going softly up and down stairs; now listen ing at the door of the nursery and waiting for his wife, who came out now and then to bring him a bulletin, now dozing drearily in his library downstairs. When the first gleams of the dawn stole in at the window he went out upon the terrace in the misty, chill morning, all damp and miserable, with the trees standing about like ghosts. There was a dripping thaw after a frost, and the air was raw and the prospect dismal; but even that was leBs wretched than the glimmer of the shaded lights, the muffled whispering and stealthy footsteps indoors. He took a few turns up and down the terrace, trying to reason himself out of this misery. How was it, after all, that the little figure of this infant should overshadow earth and heaven to a man, a reasonable being, whose mind and life were full of interests far more impor tant. Love, yes ! but love must have Borne foundation. The feeling which clung so strongly to a child with no power of return ing it, and no personal qualities to excite it, must be mere instinct not much above that of the animals. He would not say this before Lucy, but there could be no doubt it was the truth. He shook himself up mentally, and recalled himself to what he attempted to re present as the true aspect of afiairs. He was a man who had obtained most things that this world can give. He had sounded life to its depths (as he thought), and tasted both the bitter and the sweet; and after having in dulged in all these varied experiences it had been given to him, as it is not given to many men, to come back from all wanderings and secure the satisfactions of mature life, wealth and social importance, and the power of act ing in the largest imperial concerns. Bound about bim everything was his—the noble woods that swept away into the mist on every side, the fields and farms which began to appear in the misty paleness of the morn ing through the openings in the trees; and if he had not by his side such a companion as he had once dreamed of—the beautiful, high minded ideal woman of romance—yet he had got one of the best of gentle souls to tread the path of life along with him, and sympa thise even when she did not understand. For a man who had not, perhaps, deserved very much, how nnusual was this happiness; and was it possible that all theBe things should be obscured, cast into the shade, by so small a matter as tbe sickness of a child ? What bad the baby ever done to make itself of so much importance? Nothing. It did not even understand the love it excited, and was incapable of making any response. ItB very life was little more than a mechanical I life. The woman who fed it was far more.to it than Its father, and there was nothing ex o Uent or noble in the world to which it tinsel or a would not prefer a glittering tinsel bideons doll. If the little thing had grown I up—indeed, if he had developed human taste b and sympathies, and become a companion, an intelligence, a creature u ith affections and thoughts — but that, the whole house should thus be over whelmed with miserable anxiety and pain because a being in the embryo state of exist ence who could neither respond nor under stand, what a strange thing it was! No doubt this instinct had been implanted in order to preserve the germ and keep the race going; but that it should thus develop into an absorbing passion and overshadow every thing else in life was a proof how the natural getB exaggerated, and, if we do not take care, changes its character altogether, mastering us instead of being kept in its fit place and iu check, as it ought to be by sense and reason. From time to time, as Sir Tom made these reflections, there would flit across his mind, ae across a mirror, something which was not thought, which was like a picture momen- j tarily presented before him. One of the most persistent of these, which flashed out and in 1 upon his senses like a view in a magic lantern, was of that moment in the midst of the flurry of the election when little Tom, held up in his mother's arms, had clapped his baby hands for his father. This for a second would oonfound all his thoughts, and give his heart a pang as if some one had seized and pressed it with an iron grasp; bnt the next moment he would pick up the thread of his reflections again, ana go on with them. That, too, was merely mechanical, like all the little chap's existence up to this point. Poor little chap; here Sir Tom stopped in his conrse of thought impeded by a weight at his heart which he could not shake off, nor could he see the blurred and vague landscape round htm—something more blinding even than the f'hen Sir Tom started and his heart sprang up to his throat beating loudly. It was not anything of much importance, it was only the opening of the window by which he himself had come out upon the terrace. He turned round quickly, too anxious even to ask a question. If it had been a king's messenger bringing him news that affected the whole kingdom, he would have turned away with an impatient " Pshaw !" or struck the in truder out of his way. But it was his wife, wrapped in a dressing-gown, pale with watch ing, her hair pushed back upon her forehead, her eyes unnaturally bright, "How is he?" cried Sir Tom, as if the question was one of life or death. Lucy told him, catching at his arm to sup Jiort herself, that she thought there was a ittle improvement. " I have been thinkihg so for tne last hour, not daring to think it, and yet I felt sure ; and now nnrse says so too. His breathing is easier. I have been on thorns to come and tell you, but would not till I was quite sure." "Thank God ! God be praised !" said Sir Tom. He did not pretend to be a religious man on ordinary occasions, but at the present moment he had no time to think, and spoke from the bottom of his heart. He supported his little wife tenderly on one arm, and put back the disordered hair ou her forehead. " Now you will go and take a little rest, my darling," he said. " Not yet, not till the doctor comes. But you want it as much as I," " No; I had a long sleep on the sofa. We are all making fools of ourselves, Lucy. The poor little cnap will be all right." We are queer creatures. To think that yon and I snould make ourselves so miserable over a little thing like that, that knows nothing about it, that has no feelings, that does not care a button for you and me." "Tom, what are you talking of? Not ofmy boy .surely—not my hoy!" "Hush, my sweet. Well," said Sir Tom, with a tremulous laugh, "what is it but a little polypus, after all ? that can do nothing but eat and sleep, and crow, perhaps—and clap its little fat hands," he said, with the tears somehow getting into his voice, and mingling with the laughter. " I allow that 1 am confusing my metaphors." At this moment the window opening upon the terrace jarred again, and another figure in a dressing-gown, aark and ghostlike, ap jieared beckoning to Lucy, " My lady! my Lucy let go her husband's arm, thrust him away from iier with passion, gave him one wild look of reproach, and flew noiselessly like a spirit after the nurse to her child. Sir Tom, with his laugh still wavering about his mouth, half hysterically, though he was no weakling, tottered along the terrace to the open window, and stood there leaning against it, scarcely breathing, the light gone out of his eyes, his whole soul suspended, and every part of his Btrong body waiting for what another moment might bring to pass. 