"THE GHOST" AND THE PRESBY TERY OF MELBOURNE. TO TIlM EDITOR. Slt,--Yoer correspondent, "The Ghost," in writing "Echoes of Melbourno," which ap-. poured in to-day's issue of the lharniner, has devoted a paragraph to the Preobytory ofi Melboorne and thle resignation of the Rev. 0.i Strong. Tho paragraph is one tissue of wilful or ignorant misropresontatiot. The idea that it intends to convey to the publiis, that tlhe t'resbytery of tellourno lhve pnerseuted the Rev., U. Strong until he has been compelled to tender hif resrgoation, and now thlt Ie helae tenlered that resignation they have purposely postponed its acceptance in order that they mlay have the opportunity of Iorsefettng him still further. Does not the writer know tlhat the gentlemen compositng the Plrsbytlery wore precluded froet acceplting that resignation ot thie day on which it was tendered, by their own ruler and forms, and by universeal usage? If he does not know, let him read the fol lowing report of the Presb tery's procerdings:- " It was agreed that, in cceordanco with the rules and forms of the Church, tih Scots' Church congregation should be informed of Mr. Strong's rousgnution, and that a meeting should hbe convened.for the purpose of affording them an opportunity of oexpressing their tind ilt ro. feroneoe to it, and alppoilting ommilssioners to appear at next meeting of Preobytery, wten the resignation will be further ooneldored. The lRo. Dr. lacodonald was appointed to pre side at the meeting." Anotheri report 'says-" It was decided, to adodpt the usual ooures and consider the matter at neoxtmeotlng." Tho rules and forms of the Churoh sy : " When a resignation is tendered, the Preshy tery inquire into the niroumro tances which hare led to it, and give the congregation an oppor-, tunity of being heard before the ease is de oided." The rules of a sister Churoh say ' "eThe lPresbytry, either owhetn alonc, or through a comtittee, deal with him as to the rnaoons of tihe proposed resignation. It is also reasonablo that duoe noticen shonuld hbe givento the eongrcgation of what is intended by their pastor. If the Presbytery find the alleged reasons unsatisfactory, or If any oircumstance or uama hbe made known totlhoem which requires investigation, tlhey, cannot accept of the ro signation until it hbe aseoortained that there is no ground for hrlngiihg their brotlher under the ceosures of tl Churcoh. But if 4uthieg ehjoo tidntiblo appear with respect to 1lif prooedure, and tihey find him continuing'to bo tonsseon 'tiously peovgaded that it'is hi duty to follow out his intentions,. t is their duty to accept of, his resignation ad to take imnmediato steps for deolaring tie pastoral charge of his congrega tion vacanht:' But, Sir, the Prosbytery of Melbournee, by accepting Mr. Strong'a resignation without the usual delay, wouol have meorited the nondemna tiou of all vhistia meon wehae Approlhtoti is worth having, 'a tih OliChurlh of Vietoria have lost the reputation for purity of doctrine, intellectual vigour, and moral courage it has long posseseed. To the men who have taken part in past struggles for truth in that Church, the work has been painful, but the result has been that the Church of Victoria was never moroe prosperous and more respecte4 than now, and much of that prosperity and reseect it owes to its past "valour (fr truth." WVith thitty 1'rnsbytorin dooggregations in Melbourno, and one loun'retl stid thirty in the country, it oat qford'to smile at the mlsrepressontatons of "Tie Ghost." No doubt it sems manly to join tIh Argus, Age, and Australasian in writing down a church, buit he should be sure that' his facts are of a less ghostly gharacter tian his person befor hbe retalls a?ch offensive abuse. The facts are, the aov. O. Strong has, since hia arrivalin Yiotoria, courted the interforenee of lls lroesbytery, and then attempted to set them Lt Ideoiane. Some say they have seldom hiard dit prenachl without saome covert attack on hile Church or tie Presbytery, to whom Io had sworn to be subject. A motion had been tabled accusing Mr. Strong of false teaching, etc., and Mr. Strong having received a copy of this motion, but fearing to face men of much higher intellectual calibre, nwhh dqnot own their reputation to a smack' of hermey, sont ln.hls resignatuion. Ohonld the Presbytcry aeept his' retceatioo tlhey wilt require toa give. film a certifcaten t9, inother ttulroh, Can. they give film a clean billeof health witlh a chargo against him on their tahle) Tht fasts speak for them Mlfr.Edltor, "The Ghost" penned his virulent attack on the Prosbyterian Church on 9th September, tioe day of twace and rest, judging it the most suitablo for venting his wrath. On that day (Sunday) all the informatlfp contained In "Eohoesn of blnlhure"e', arived in Laun cslton and no mall 1aii frved lsnce Was not the .whole paragrapl; doneooted in this colony and issued, not from the capital of Victoria, bhit from the northern capital of Tasmaniat Wore not the vials of wrath poured on the head of the Presbyterian Church alta ,are from Patterson-street, Launceston f--Xonrs, oto., September 11. '.1t. [On referring to " The Ghost's" M.S. we find that the error in the date is his own, but why 5'J.R.," because of that error, should suspect that the letter wao peoned in Launceston, or even in Tasmania, we are at a loss to conceive. -En.~o L.$] 