General News. Mr. Summers has received the first, of the t*o hansom cabs, which, as we informed the public some time ago, he had ordered from Adelaide. We understand that an official enquiry witt reference to alleged misconduct on the part of certain passengers on the Eastern Hallway is now proceeding'. The total rainfall registered at Geraldton, York, Perth, Rottuest, Freuianlle, l*;in bury, Albany, and Esperancc Bay, during the fortnight ended May 1*, was 2 '20 in. The various stores and places of business were closed oil Thursday, and theday general ly observed as a public holiday throughout the city, in honor of Her Majesty's Birthday. Blondin, the renowned acrobat and wire walker, who is now performing with great success at Champion Bay, may be expected to reach Frenianrle by the next steamer. No further intelligence has yet reached Perth respecting the discovery of human remains, supposed to be those of a man named Watson, a sandalwood-cutter. who has been missing for some time. Last Wednesday evening the Kev. D. Shearer baptized an adult by immersion. We believe that this is the second time that such a ceremony has been performed in Western Australia. The following passengers are booked for this colony by the P. & O. steamers :— Per Indus, due at Albany June 6, Mrs. Shaw, Buss Shaw, Mr. and Mrs. Bason, and Mr. and Mrs. Terry ; per Siam, due at Albany June 20, Mr. A. J. Ffillman On Thursday evening Mr. Burnett deliver ed an address in the Congregational Church npou ' Ifoyalty and Loyalty.' The build ing was well filled by an attentive audience, who listened eagerly to the Evangelist's earnest and eloquent address. On Wednesday a man named Warburton was brought up before the Police Magis trate, on remand, to answer to the charge of having stolen a coat from the John Bull Inn. The prisoner, who denied his guilt, was proved in evidence to J-? guilty, and was sentenced to three months' hard labour. That well-known contractor and builder, Mr. D. Gray, has proved to be the success ful tenderer for the erection of the Go vernment .Residency at Roebourne. The contract price is J61,9O4. Mr. Gray will proceed to Port Wakwtt shortly, io superin tend the coiumencemcni «f flio i.^..^;.-.., *-r ? — -» ?'??? «j»*»_ ??_- ^i^usaju va, the building. On the 24th Inst. the Fremantle Volunteers were awarded a free trip to the City and a half-crown per man from the private purse of their old friend, Major Sutherland. The Guildford men were awarded eighteen pence per head by their commanding officer. The Government donation was— a few com pliments, as usual. On Wednesday last His Excellency the Administrator, accompanied by Miss Wren fordsley, Miss Finch, and Mr. Hatton Rich ards, left Perth at four o'clock for Albany en. route for Fiji. It is, we believe, His Ex cellency's intention to spend a fortnight in Melbourne, and the same time in Sydney, on his way to his new home. A notice appears in the Government Gazette from the Marine Board of South Australia respecting the certificates of masters, mates, and engineers issued by the Government of this Colony. In future such certificates will not be recognised there. and vessels so officered arriving at ports of that Colony will be liable to be detained. We omitted to mention in the report in the last issue of The Inquirer of the presentation of the Citizens' Address to His Excellency the Administrator that a guard-oi-honor of the Metropolitan Rifles was drawn up at the entrance to the Town hall to receive His Excellency. The guard was under the command of Lieut. Sholl, and the whole of the other subalterns at tached to the corps were also present On Thursdayafteraoon an enjoyable foot ball match was played on the New Recrea tion Ground, between the Perth Club and the Bovers. The match resulted in the defeat of the Perth Club by two ' touch- downs,' and was witnessed by overa thousand spectators, whose pleasure was considerably enhanced by the performances of the Volunteer Band, who kindly played on the ground at inter vals during the continuance of the game. Last Thursday a masquerade ball was held in the Town Hall. The attendance was very numerous, the ladies' dresses were both handsome and amusing, the music furnish ed by the Volunteer Band was excellent, while the dancing was sustained with great spirit, and the utmost decorum aud order prevailed throughout, so that alto gether the visitors enjoyed a most pleasant evening's amusement ihe proverbial ' Queen's Weather' favor ed the citizen soldiery in their gathering for the Birthday Review on Thursday' The muster of the various crps taking part in the day's proceedings was very lar^e and the movements were carried out in a very creditable manner. At the r-onclusion of the parade CoL Angelo addressed the men at some length, expressing his approv al at the appearance and discipline of the Volunteer Force throughout the Colony. Ihe well-known manufacturing firm of Messrs. Smith & Co. have accepted Mr. D. Gray's tender for the erection of a large three-storied building in Goderich- street wbich will be built in the same style as J^ndon House. The new premises, which will be finished in about four months will contain a large show-room, sixty-six feet long by thirty-eight in width, while the other parts of the building will be devoted to carriage-building purposes. The citizens owe a debt of gratitude to -Mr. Menkens for tha nvur.iif ..-.»„_ ? ;_ whichhe has lately come to their relief in importing many articles of fawn and dairy produce which had, through one reason or another, become scarce or altogether un obtainable in the local market. Among his latest importations is a line of nearly a to of fresh butter in pate, which came all the wayround from Sydney. Mr. Menkens has entrusted the retailing of this great luxury at the present time to Mr. Douglass o Howick-street A correspondent at Kojonup, writing H^da^fMay22'eaarB: The suspected mnrder of Watson is just now the topic of the hour here, and it is rumoured there are others than those named likely to be impli cated m the Bad affair. The police are now searching for every due in connection with *'andr should ^ discover anything farther I shall keep you informed by win? Fine nuns have fallen of late, and lambing has commenced, but up to the present tune there is very little feed. Men cannot be got either as farm laborers or shepherds - £ffi^ * *£r «L?re?rdescriPtion ie *»--« difficult to be obtained than it, has been for years. 21^ ^J? * ten o'clock on the night of the 21st inst. the Larrikin Division wen? busily employed in Murray-street As a totong amusement they cut the ropes and k££ £? bU-*et6 trom the ?»'*» «* King's cottages, and also removed a child's cot and a table from Mr. Barrett's prenuses! and concealed them some considerable distance up «te road. This neighbourhood^ of conduct cannot be regarded in the Ueht « ^^P^^jok^.andit is certa^ly a puy that the young rascals could not be caught, made to pay for the damage they have done, and receive a sound Mrening at the hands of a stalwart constable. ^^^ m The stem reaper— Death— has again been busy amongst us. It is with ?«£et we note the death of Mrs. John Corbett the wife of an industrious young settler at the Wandering, which sad event took place at the residence of her parents — Mr Y Boladeras in Godericn-street, on Fri day morning The deceased had only been married a short time, and it was for the purpose of securing medicaj attendance in her -uxoucheme7U that she came to Perth a few days ago. Indeed so late as Thursday afternoon Mrs. Corbefct was among the spectators on the Recreation Ground, witnessing the football match after the Queens Birthday manoeuvre*. Mt,,*u sympathy is expressed for the bereaved husband and parents in their sad loss, but it is satisfactory to know that the best medical skill was obtained. We also regret to bear of the death of Mr. Joseph Camp bell— only son of the late Sub-Inspector Campbell — which took place early on Saturday morning. The deceased was tormerly connected with the Police Force, and at different times held the position of -£™n? « -*arge of Hie Fremantle, wTund?' .AU?^' and BoAoume districts. insurS '^ that tbe deceased's life was The butchers in Perth have agreed to «use the pi-ice of mutton a penny per ib. We understand that the Hon. Jas. H. Thomas (the Director of Public Works) will return from Sydney by the next mail. Last Thursday Air. D. Connor purchased that property next to the Shamrock Hotel ujion which stands the store which is at present in the possession of Messrs Saun ders & Co. The amount paid for this really valuable allotment was .£2,100. From York we learn that up to Satutday last only a few light showers had fallen, insufficient for ploughing purposes, except on light or sandy soils. It is reported that Mr. Herbert Monger will be the future land lord of the York HoteL It was known at Albany that the R.M.S. Carthage had reached the outer anchorage, (or King George's Sound proper) before the telegraph was closed on Monday morn ing, at 8 o'clock ; but no intimation of the fact was made in Perth until fully an hour afterwards. __ At the special meeting of the City Coun cil which was held on Friday afteru-»!i the never-ending question of drainage was again introduced. After s «ie d;s ussion the City Surveyor was direct «?d to inspect the drains complained of aaJ to s-w -.rhar could be done. When the result of the Lite trial of the case of Townsbend v. Hanlon was made known in Geraldton universal sympathy was felt and expressed for Mr. Ranlon, who, his fellow-townsmen think, has suffered very hardly for an unwitting violation of the technicalities of the law. Nothing wore has been heard about the suspected barbarous murder wbich is sup posed to have been lately committed near Kojonup. This uistrict is in the charge of Mr. Inspector Hare, and it seems to be utterly bevond the ikww of Hint, nffi..^ +« deal with the matter. So much for appoint ing persons who have nover had any practical experience in such responsible positions. On Friday Cr. B. Smith drew the atten tion of the Chairman of the City Council (Mr. Burt) to the fact that at public re ceptions, &c;, the members of the Council never knew what position or place to take - he thought that they should alwavs be close to the Mayor, to support him.' The Chairman said be agreed with Cr. Smith, as, without the Council, the Mayor was no body; he promised to bring- the matter under the notice of His Worship as soon as he returned to Perth. The ghost that disturbed and drove the tenants out of S. John's Cottage, close to the Odd-Fellows' Hall, Fremantle, was at the dead hour of the nieht, on Fridav last confronted with a - colt.' A full explana tion of tbe mysterious franks played was wrung from the departing spirit, on con dition that a carpenter should visit the spot next week. This affair has cost the landlord no lees than twenty pounds, and has driven seven or ei-rht respectable families away from the neighbourhood. Our Newcastle correspondent, writing on Saturday, says:— Steady rains fell during the earlv part of this week, bat more is wanted. In the combined Cricket Match between Norths m and Newcastle v. York the former were victorious by five runs. The matx-li is considered to have been tbe best ever played on the Newcastle ground. Lambing will commence early in June It is proposed to celebrate the Anniversary of the Colony here by Athletic Snorts. Ora™ is very scarce. On Monday evening, at the Freemasons' Hotel, Perth, a meeting was held for the purpose of deciding finally certain prelim inaries with reference to starting the proposed Metropolitan Club. A number of intending members were present on the occasion, to consider the rules and the com mittee's suggestions relative to the premises proposed to be leased for the Club's operations. We understand that Mr. K,. F. Sholl has signified his willingness to be come one of the Vice-Presidents. We hear ttat Mr. SeuUert intends licen sing the premises lately occupied by Messrs. Thompson Sendey, & Co., contiguous to the Fremantle Railway Station, as an hotel, chiefly for the sale of refreshments, and that arrangements are pending for a handsome fiwnfcage and other improvements, to meet the wants of railway travellers. Numerous petitions in favor of the scheme are incheola tion, and are being voluntarily signed bv the Perth, Guildford, and FreaiaaUe people It -.. -ill cetainly be a great convenience to the public, and relieve the present over crowdiuffof the niattVirnt We have received a eopy of the thirty fourth Report of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, which was presented to the members at the usual annual meeting held at the Chamber of Commerce, Sydnev Exchange, on the 25th ult. From this Re port we learn that the transactions of tha yearl8S2 wereumprec-edentedin amount, the new business being in excess of that of any previous y«ar. During the twelve months ending 31st Dec., 18S2, no less than C.466 proposals were accepted and completed assuring .£2,222,541, while the Accumulated Fund lias been increaswi by .£520,398 15s. Siatsr^c'sr1 to *? gigantic 8um ^O^Priday afternoon a special meeting of the City Council was held, when there was present the chairman (Cr. Burt), together withCrs. Christie, Harwood, Shaw SholL and B. Smith. The chairman informed the Council that His Excellency Mr. Broome C.M.G., would arrive at Fremantle on Friday next, but that the Mayor, who was a passenger to Albany by the steamer in which His Excellency was a passenger would proceed overland to Perth, so that he would arrive in time to receive him It was unanimously decided to present Hip Excellency with an Address, a draft copy of which was read and approved of. We wonder who is the extraordinary person who acts as telegraph correspondent to the Adelaide Chronicle. In the latest number of this paper to hand we find three following curious items of news. That Mr. JamS Cowan had been appointed Acting Attorney General. That His Excellency the Ad ministrator had aniuiinf^ -ru_ -or A. fatone o«fe-de-camp.' And that Mrs. Higham, of Fremantle, had fallen down dead in her shop. Certainly it seems on the face of it to be almost impossible that any Western Australian could have been guilty of making euch a concatenation of blunders in so small a space, about such locally well-known incidents. Who, then, can be the correspondent in question ? A little piece of information concerning Ae natives at. Beagle Bay and their t3 meut by the whites, famished by the author of a paper on travel in that region now appearing in The Australasian, is worth reproducing. He says :— ' At the encamp ment of the Meda River Co. therTwere generally about 15 natives loafing about, and the conduct of some of the recinUy^ar rived white shepherds was highly sugges tive of future trouble, hmno- r?^.:~.« _-_! posed of coarse familiarity diversified with practical jokes and rough sternness. On the shore at Beagle Bay there were nearlv 150 men, women, and chUdren. The men had !*« 'PP** front teeth broken outorex taacted, and they kept a watchful eye over the gins. Some of these blacks had remark ably good heads, and a boy, obtained from some blacks of this district and brought away with the consent of the parents ^as a very fine specimen of the black race, and as a representative specimen amply suffi cient to contradict the assertions of the older ethnologists, who styled the Australian aborigines the lowest in the scale of human Business at the City Court has, we are giad to say, been unusually slack during the ast ten days. On Saturday there were only ,wo cases brought before the notice of the Bench. In the one, au aboriginal woman, named Mary, was sent to gaol for seven days for drunkenness, as she could not pay the fine of 10s. which was imposed upon her. The other case was that ofthe Chinaman K.m Chong, who was remanded yesterday week upon the amended charge of having been in Mrs. Shenton's garden for some unlawful nurDose. Wl,™ C» ..,„„ brought tip before the prisoner pretended to be silly, and was remanded for «ight days, in order that be might «nder«S a medical examination. The Medical Officer #***'£' reP?rt«d that there was nothing i the matter with him. Wheu he was asked though an interpreter, what he had to sav the pnsoner, «ho has only l^en about a fortnight m the Colony, replied that in China any person w;lfr- at liberty to pick up fruit which was lying up(,u the ground ; but as the arresting constable swore that he saw him pick some fruit from the trees the Police Magistrate sentenced him to fourteen days' imprisonment, with hard labour The sermons of Bishop Parry iu S George's Cathedral o- Sunday, morning and evening, were based u--on Mr. Burnett's mission to this Colony in the great cause of temperance. A good story is told concerning a popular little hymn which has been heard rather frequently of late in this City. A eopy of Moody and Sankey's volume of liynme was lately received at one of the Turkish post offices in Armenia to the address of an American missionary. The IuijMJrial re strictions on the importation of foreign literature, as well as on the printing press, have I.ecome more stringent than over, si, as a matter of course. Mo Ay and Saubey must pass under the oagle eye of Bukh fiheesh Jifff.j.ji, the Governor-General's factotum, who kuows a few words of Jong lish. ?' Dogs '.' h« ciH-Luuied. as he turned over Hie leaves. ?- II ,]-l the F.u-t!' ' Wlia! fort ? Tr«iL-!u-ry, as I live: »f;i.y Satin sei/.e tho:n r' They were ?:atrio:i-.: son^E for Ihe use ,.f tlu- Aruioaians, those hyni^s, and t!u- iiui.-i--;i! notitiyn jiiot'cd it ; :iu-l that )»art:--u'iu son-*, ?? Hold the Fort. ' must have reteronee to an intended insur rection. So ' Hold the Fort' was cut out by order of Bukhsheesli, and th'e expurgat ed volume sent to its destination. The Argus i ejioi ts that Mr. Scott, solicitor, in Melbourne, has diuwn some little atten tion towards himself in the County Court during the past few days by appearing in a -wen-worn stuff gown and bands. Some solicitors had apparently not been previous ly aware that they were entitled to appear in the Court in such a dress, but others stated that solicitors frequently assume it in Courts in England. On the 10th instant Mr. D. Gauuson caused a little diversion in the Court by drawing the attention of His Honour Judge Skinner to Mr. Scott's,gown and bands, and asking if His Honour required attorneys to practice in that cos tume. His Honour replied that he did not require the gown and bands to be worn by attorneys, but if they did put them on be hoped they would wash them. Mr. Scott said he had no doubt Mr. Gaunson would like to put on gown and bands, and he could iuform him that he could do go if he chose. His Honour added to bis former remark by saying the gown and bands were not neces sary in the Court, and the matter dropped. A walking tour of a very remarkable cha racter has just been completed by Mr. Ernest Morrison, son of Mr. -3eo. Morrison, of the Geelong Scotch College. He had already achieved some refutation as a tniTeller, having a few years ago, during a holiday vacation, walked overland from Queenscliffe to Adelaide. On this occasion, however, he undertook, and has successfully completed, the ambitious task of traversing the continent of Australia fcom the Gulf of Carpentaria to Melbourne. Leaving Nor mantown on tbe week before Christmas, he passed through Cloncurry, followed down the Dianiantina and the Thomson, and struck the Bolloo at Thargomindah and the Paroo at Hungerford. Following then tins raroo he crossed the Darling at Wilcannia, the Lachlan at Booligal, the Mnrrnmbidgee at Hay, and the Hurray at Eehuea. He walked the entire distance alone and un armed, generally sleeping in the open air. He was caught by the heavy rains above Thargomindah, sad for 35O iniles had nearly as much wading through water as walking. The journey of over 2,000 miles occupied just 120 days, his rate of travelling being greatly impeded by the weight he had to carry. The travelled Yankee knows a thing or two. We heard of oue the other day who travelled in the sister colony in a coach which g»t bogged. The coachman, in the autocratic style to which travellers by these conveyances are so well accustomed, order ed all the male passengers out of the coach to come and lend a hand to get her out of the mess. Soon the passengers were up to their waists in mud, all except au American who, getting hold of the tomahawk, set to work vigorously, at some distance from the scene of the accident, in cutting down sap lings. The other passengers, from their slough of despond, watching the stranger admiringly at his self-imposed task, though they did not quite understand what part be was perforating towards gettiug the coacL out of the bog. At last the vehicle was got on to terra firma, the passengers re mounted, the Yankee and the individual who gives us these particulars resuming their seats on the box. Our friend venturt ed to inquire what good bis neighbour was doing with that tomahawk. 'Stranger' remarked the son of Columbia 'V.™ travelled ; whenever your coach gets bogged lay hold of the tomahawk and begin cutting down saplings, it acts like a charm.' Our friend thought it did when he compared the state or his nether garments with those ot the 1 ankee. Shortly after four o'clock last. Wednesday afternoon His Excellency the Administrator and family left Perth for Albany by the overland route. At half-past three o'clock a stream of visitors began to make their way towards Government House, and, upon arriving there, they gathered round the entrance, to pay the parting honours to one who has, admittedly and most deservedly earned the hearty good-will and sincere i respect of all classes of the community These naturally represented only the inner I circle of friends and officiate, who had the right of freeentrS, to Government House Very few words of farewell were said but everyone seemed to regret the departure of I the travellers, and even the domestics ap peared to share in the same feeling At about a quarter past four the distinguished nartv took their Rfats in a hot-j^»7 ? . I drawn by a slashing four in hanl team with Mr. Shean as whip, and dashed off at a rate of speed which promised well for the speed v accomplishment of the long and weary journey. An escort of Mounted Police ac companied the coach, aod His Excellency lett Oovernment House amidst a shower of bouquets, which were rained upon him trom i every side. It is no empty compliment when we add that he and his carry with them, to their futare home, the best wishes of the Colony whose affairs he has latelv controlled. * «,At9^ Wellington, N.2., Police Court on tbe 25Hi alt. some canons evidence was ad ducedmthecaseofaman named William' McBtagh, charged with being an idle and disorderlyperson. The arresting constable deposed that on searching the prisoner he found certain papers in his possession the Batare of which was explained by a publican named Lnany. who said :« I am a puMican. and keep theCricketers' Arms^tthecorner of Tory and Vivian street*. Ifcaveseenthe prisoner before. I think I saw him threeor ! f ourdayB ago. He came to my place and I offered to manufacture etuff tor me ifl I would give him a price. He told me that he did not want ranch. He showed me some papers something like those produced. The receipts show that the ingredients for the manufactaro of brandy ^S 7,? wine, od of cognac, essence of capsicum, and white sugar, tbe liquor to be coloured with I burnt sugar. For whisker raring ^t _; ? I ou of creosote, essenceof capsicum, carbonate of soda, and white Bugar are to be used. Ihere are also directions for making sin mm. port wine, and sherry. Attached to the receipts was a blue paper containim? a Jist of prices. I don't think thatstiiff manufactured from those receipts is suitable to selL I should not like to dnnk it' The prisoner, who was charged with having no lawful means of support, was dismissedTand I the papers returned to him with the rest of I his portable properly. °M „ t=*Stbakoeb in London— That the Great City will ere long be hardly recognfe! able by ite former denizens, all the world has heard. The visitor passing up the Thames now finds his eyeVratified by thl many edifices recently erected. As hf reaches the famous Victoria Embankment I there rises over him on the right hand the I new Times office, on the left hind the new tower-crowned worts of Messrs. Jakks Epps & Co., boch phases of Italian architec ture. It may be said that these two build ings are types of the far-reaching business energy of the nineteenth centuryffor it has resulted from such moans *J,o-- *i.- ? *. ? I establishments have brought themselves to the fore, and that the annual issue of each has come to be estimated by millions Durmg «-e last year tbe number of r^I!leS^f 5? Tl-nCS is ^''ited at 16,276. 000, while the number of packets of Epps's Cocoa sent off in the same j^iod is com puted at 14 749,095. The iJter is a £r£e total, when it is borne in mind that in islo the consumption of Cocoa, throughout the whole kingdom was but 425,3S2,»)S. , there I then easting no preparation of it such as I this, which by the simple addition of boiliug water would yield a palatable drink. Trui? time may be said to work many changes , ' 