GHOST GOSSIP. Despite tho efforts irit forth to solvo (fid Ruthorglon mystery tho individual who is oitllo'r playing at g ostor domontcd, still roirialns fit largo'.. Ke appeared last 8uu- dav ovouiug at liri ber'slcn. Ifatwcsii . the railway hridgo and Douglas' Stat1 Hotol nnd put his arm around three young ladies, who happSiicb. to bo passing .along, the. road at taeti ne. The young ladles, nereamod, and tho i- cries httractod tho ttontion of tho Hav E. Stoggall, who was rWln(f ri bitggy a bw yards in ndvanco. Boforo. Mr...8teggali. rinddrttodd tho sittfa-. tion tho " ghost" had escaped. Tho nlnrnl was at orico given, and tho police, together with fully a hundred townspaoplo turned out, and scourild tho country, but they failed to catch the i ildividual they wcro in ecarou of. The fact that som iqrio lias boon playing ghost at . Ruthcrgleri influenced anothor weak-mindod creaturo. who determined to do likewise. On Sri iday night a man, who had mado himself to appear about eight foot. High, and whr wore a; snowy whito heard abou t tiVo fcb lodg, irlsltpd Bugden's wool-wash, noar .Gi rowa, and knocked at one of tho, doors. .As soon as it. was oponcd ho glidodi/.-way. nnd.knookod at( anothor, and. when' thnt was. .opened, lio wcrif'back to dooi No. 1, and thon. re turned to door Nq 2, . This amusement continued for shirt time, arid then Mr, Lofovro, Who l'esiac dri tile promises, grow tired of it, and going outsido with Ijtd grin, threatened to olioot His Ghostship, In an instant ho wits gorii. "Tho 'ghost' went oyer the fonce like . shadow," romnrkod a person. preoont.atplio tiinq,. On Monday morrilng lUformnti .n was given, to .tho, police; Tho "gho t" 'at tlio. wool-wash was sow by fotir nf Mmuti A resident of thii district lias ulado the alarming : discovery that the' Ruthorgloii ghost' is - no.' less .pcroonrigo than . tho dovll himself. 1 It n tpcars 'that it is always of a Sunday thtit tl is ghost does anything sensational, nnd: lin < appears just boforo church-time in the evening, oroatlng a soaro, aftor which, i bout half tlio popula-. tion of the town go in scarab of Iiim. This, according to bo authority of tho in dividual whoso opi lion wo aro giving, is the work of tho dov I, to hoop pooplo away from church. That little affair :n whioh a young man ,namod Elliott was supposed to havo been .accosted by the " g lost" whon riding into Ruthorglon, hns toon cloared up. The "gho9tr' was a you 3g man, residing closo to tho spot whoro' Elliott, mot'him. Ho did it for a "lark," so lie says. As' ho did not disguise himsel in any way. or do any injury, tho law cam ot touoh bim.' On Monday" nigh' tlio Corowa ghost ro- hppenrod at the W >oUwash, and stationed himsolf in, frorit , o tbo houso whoro Mr. Lofovro lives. One of tho inmates oponing the door, 'first obso-ved tho ghost, who was .standing quito still. Tho alarm , was at onca given, and Mr. Lofevro accompanied by . a young man namodiStollard, rushed' outside. ' Tho ghobt mndo ' for tho foncn; nnd Mr. Lefevre fired two bhargos of swan- ehot without producing any, pcrcoptibio offoot. Tho ghost /leaped ovor tho fonco, bnt shortly afterwards returnod again, con tenting himself this timo, by giving tho dogs about the promises an opportunity .to oxorciso their lungs. ' As might bo expected thoro woro sovoral partios watohingfor tho " Corowa ghost", n tlio vicinity of tho wool-wnsh, but ho' had scon onongli not to appear. Ono ghost party of two liapponod to oomo on another consisting, of a similar nnrabcr, and something unpleasant nearly resulted. No 1, party hoing so coitaiu'they had'eomo on two individuals playing ghost that thoy woro about to flro two ohargos of r obk-srilt.- A Rntherglen correspondent ponds us the, following, touching the appearance of His Ghostship on Sunday ovening : — Thoso inhabitants of. ltiitliorglon .who happoncd to bo out'' of bed on 'Sunday evomng, at half-past nino. ivoro' startled by (bearing throe car-piorcing screcohos. Or proceod- ing to (bo, spot from whence thoy prpooodod, it was found that 'tho ghost" had tootled throo young girls. . Tho following stato- inont was mride'by brio of them: — "Wo woro just .going, homo,: find whon' wo had got past tbo railway bridge a man mado a rush out from tlio fonco arid caught tho tliroo of1 us' in his arriis. I slippod froni him, and, just thon ; sair, iMr, Gtoggall'p buggy coming/ airiLI started' to Boroarii. Tho man then' ran away, rind stopped at Mr. Derrick's gate, but wli'ori tho crowd crime lib rata aiyay inithaj'direotion of tho Revival." "Tlio following is a doaoriptiori of tho ghost "Very tall, with, a long ulster buttonod down 'to th'o bottom, and reaching dowp Lto bis hqols, an enormously tall hat arid' an umbpeUri with/a'vory short, or brokon handlb, Last Wednesday evening the Rutherglen " ghost" was again soon on tlio railway -bridgo by a well-known, reaidont of tho locality. Tho " glioBt" walked by tho sido of tho gontleman mentioned for about 20 paces, evidently in doubt what to do. It stepped after going that distanoo and waB not Boon again. Tbo gontleman wns armed with a very stout Rtiok, which tho "ghost" glanced at many times, evidently with a feeling of awe. . 