7UBF008SIE BtAnora. W BpQrtfng toa&era; <^J»V« npcwMejio m»Pi[>lMn of a paucity for, what with pigeon coursing, taeeting, and ,.. have SoB^^«labieB^hav» turnfti u)> ta^atrong force, and both Tasmania and South Aus tralia have contriboted their portion! to tire bmy^r^pf Wales la not wprcecpted In tire. Hidiig events are^beflecidw tonlfl^onrweiidaover' the .. „ Vi<jtorb»»in folT " numerous „ the van , than whom linNew South Wales, and though native and to the manner bom, this is his iirsttrip across the border. Mr. John Conway and Mr. Charles Hyndman, the former " Countryman," of the Sydney Mail, and the latter "Caspian," of the Town and Coun'ry Journal, are also in Melbourne, and Mr. A. l'ark, who in former years did good service for the sister colony in the cricket-field, likewise comes to see what is to be seen in the world of sport. Mr. H. G. Talbot, who generally crosses the Straits when there.is anything worth witnessing at Flemington, represents Tasmaniau racing men, and I hope to see his colours carried by Landsborough or Sardanopalus at the spring gathering. Pigeon-shooting and coursing having pretty well monopolised the attention of the sport ing world, Kirk's Bazaar has been almost de serted, and the few visitors that have fore gathered at the popular resort have had to amuse themselves watching the movements of Mr. George Glasscock's splendid team of hunters—the bast, perhaps, that he ever got together, and to see thein alone is well worth a visit to the bazaar. A few of the jockeys have dropped in to have a look at Mr. Jenkins's last assortment of racing saddles from the Newmarket establishment of Messrs. Boyee and Rogers, and of all collec tions imported by the veteran saddler, I doubt if he has ever had one of such sur passing excellence. Weighing only lib. 8oz. mounted, they are just suited to the require ments of our best horsemen, and Hales and other leading professionals have already secured one each. The wind-up of what may well be termed a carnival week among sportsmen will take place at Flemington this afternoon, and. should the weather prove fine, there will doubtless be a numerous gathering to witness the sport provided by tne V.R.C. It was hoped that as The Plunger had been entered for the Maiden Hurdle Race, he would have been amongst the competitors to-day, but I presume his owner considers his future pro spects on the flat would be jeopardised by a run over hurdles, so he will not sport silk. Ontario, by Panic from Siren, brings an ex cellent reputation from Ballorat, and of the maidens training at Flemington both Barwon and The Joker nave been doing remarkably well, but I fancy the first-named will be re served for the Grand National Hurdle Race, though Mr. Cook's horse will pro bably carry his owner's colours, ana I fancy the first event will be won by the favourite, Ontario, or The Jokeb. The unbounded confidence reposed in Pros pect by the Ballarat division has almost paralysed wagering on the Grand National Hurdle Race, but despite the wonderful re ports we hear of this son of Panic, he may find troublesome customers in Lothair, Barwon, and one or two others. The book makers declare that the run upon Prospect " rocks to sleep " nearly, if not quite, half a dozen others that have been nominated, and I suppose it may he taken for granted that Game, Lady Hampden, Ontario, Australian Court, and Parade may be reckoned as out of it. Gambler, Doncaster, and Warrigal have been scratched already, and I don't sup pose Trumpeter will go to the post, conse quently the field is not likely to exceed eight or nine, and Prospect, Lothair, and Rhesus may fill the places. I should prefer Dizzy to anything were he in form, but the reports from Ballaratare not favourable to the son of Hughenden. If I except Lothair there is nothing brilliant in the Maiden Steeple chase, and as I don't expect to see the son of Epigram pulled out for this, perhaps Glenaba or hops will be the first to catch the jndge's eye. Australian Court is just as popular for the Grand National Steeplechase as is his stable companion Prospect for the Hurdle Race, but we have yet to see him surmount the formidable obstacles of the Flemington course. I saw him attempt to get over the steeplechase course at the Adelaide Racing Club meeting last year, but he failed lamentably, and he may do the same at Flemington. Since then, however, he has had the advantage of Corrigan's schooling and T. Wilson's training, and he may have improved. Considering his previous perform ances he has been let in very lightly, for he has but 21b. above the minimum, while much more moderate performers have been called upon to concede to him from 71b. to 161b. I have and yell in at 12st Yaulter has shown us that no timber is too high for him, and Obadiah has proved successful at head quarters, though bis suspicious leg has been : him. The Western folk talk of Lizette troubling 1 as a good thing, and report sayeth that she is a flyer, but if the favourite makes no mistake, he will win easily enongh, and the Grand National will probably be fought out by Australian Coubt, Sailob, ana Yaulteb, with only the first-named in it if they land over the last fence in close company, for with so much the best of the weights he can gallop over anything else engaged. There are two or three pretty fair animals in the Selling Hurdle Race, and ifWild Habbybe among the Btarters he ought to win, Merby Maid and Black PsixcEbeingnext best There is agoodly array in the Flat Race, which will bring the day's sport to a conclusion, and without dis cussing the merits of those engaged, I may at once give my preference to Verdure, Ome lette, ami Mistake Mr. J. D. Robinson has issued a handy little book, containing the entries for the various produce and foal stakes of the Geelong Racing Club, and requests nominators to examine the entries, and if there are any mis takes to notify toe same to him, s Mr. A. M'MUlan, secretary of Hie Sale Turf Club, has requested me to state that members of the ring will be charged £1 for thei > privilege of betting at the winter meeting on tIrts2ntf*of August. The payment of this fee will entitle the bookmakers to free ad mission to the stand enclosure. Those who intend plying their calling at Sale on the 2nd proximo requested to ~ apply to the secre tary for tickets, whose address is Exchange . .Ownere of horere are rmninded that the enSweafor tJ^Geetarm Racing Clubj cloee.at4jMn- on Thursday next, toe^ffito vhtr Hmxll^Raoeo|TO sovs., Rail way Stakes sova., Winter \- »«., JSelling Race of 75 Trot of 80 aoVB- This isa bill \- general. run of sporting men, mid, 1 hqpe-|6tr. Robinson will not be fojgotten pn Tbareday next, Rational of toe V.R.C. . the attention of racing j .A.J.C, must not be for- j „.jr pyag 200 sovs. for; a: oerunaiite winter meeting! it Tpus event doses on; ■and, I mention the fact to jog the memorieS-of \- - _ SwpUng Stakes of T5 ^vV Hurdte Reoe of W sovs., V.A.T.C. trho have nominated for the Sale TMrf Glub meeting must not forget that the acceptances close with the secretary at 4 p.m. on Saturday next, the 28th July, at which time entries must be made for the Selling Hurdle Race and Selling Flat Race. A well-known up-country secretary has written asking for an explanation of Rule 71 in the new code of the V. R. C., and states that he fuils to understand the meaning of it. The solution is easy enough, for it merely means that the owner or somebody acting for him shall notify that the horse will start, and his number must be displayed on the telegraph board a quarter of an hour before the time appointed for the race. With such a held as started for the Ladies' Bracelet at Caullield, it would simply lie impossible to carry out the rule strictly, but that would be the fault of the club. He also wishes to know whether the rule limiting entrance-fees to 5 per cent, applies to acceptances which go to tne funds of the^club. If it does not it ought to, be cause 5 per cent, is quite sufficient for any club to exact from owners, though our correspondent maintains that if it is insisted on, many up-country race meetings will have to be abolished. If such gatherings can only lie maintained by levying more than 5 per cent from the owners of horses, then the sooner they are wiped out the better. What with excessive entrance-fees, railway fares, jockeys' fees, hotel charges, kc., owners of horses have to pay more than their share of the expenses attached to country race meet ings. It is said that the principal winners over St Blaise's victory in the English Derby were Sir Frederick Johnstone £10,000, Lord Al lington £9,000, and the Prince of Wales £5,500. The compiler of the Stud Boot: has re quested me to remind breeders of the different colonies thatthey are very dilatory | in sending in their returns. As he is pr paring for the third volume of the A mrtrcuian Stud Booh, alacrity on the part of stud mas ters \vould greatly fgcitilffle his progress, and therefore I hope tnis reminder will be suffi cient Mr. De Mestre bas sent in his returns in a most complete form, and I'm glad to say that the unnamed mares which I called i attention to some time ago have been chris tened. Among the losses by death are two or three valuable young ones, and the im ported mare La Mousse, who died some time ago. The latter was by The Flying Dutch man from Amazon, by Voltigeur, ana she was best known here as the dam of Solitude. Mr. De Mestre also has her daughter Laputa, by Anglerj so that the blood, which is very | valuable, is well represented in theTerrara stud. Mr. R. K. Maitland returned to India by the mail steamer. Our Indian visitor had anything but a good time of it during his visit, and he returns to the East some thousands lighter, Coriolanus having disappointed him upon several occasions. He nas left The Wandering Jew in Mr. J. D. Robertson's hands, ana if this son of Talk o' the Hill will stand a preparation he may some day com pensate aim for the losses sustained through Coriolanus. By a reference to the letter of our New Zealand correspondent it will be seen that the Canterbury Jockey Club, in addition to raising the Derby to 500 sovs., has increased the subsidies to several other races to be run at the spring meeting. I should very much like to see some of our Australian owners pay the New Zealanders a visit, hut the programmes here are so varied and attractive that I almost despair of ever seeing a Vic torian or a New South Welshman take a couple of horses to the land of the Maori. Sydney Tattersall's puts forth an excellent programme for Saturday, August 1L It contains five events, commencing with the Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., which is followed by the Tramway Handicap of 100 sovs., Selling Race of 100 sovs., Tattersall's Two year-old Stakes of 150 sovs., and Loftus Handicap of 100 sovs. The race for juveniles is only half a mile, and the weights are7st. 101b. and7st 51b., so that this will prove a nice little gallop for the youngsters engaged in the Manbyrnong Plate. Entries close with the secretary, Mr. James Perry, at Tattersall's Club, Sydney, up to 4 p.m. on Wednesday, the 1st of August Despot appears to be doing well at Rand wick, and as this colt is very leniently treated in the spring handicaps, he may prove the best of tne wearers of the white and blue. He is well enough bred for anything, as he is by Maribyrnong from Silverhair, a Sir Her cules mare, aud the dam of that excellent performer Democrat Despot is handicapped at Cst 21b. in the Metropolitan, 6st 61b. in the Hawkesbury Handicap, and 7st in the Melbourne Cup, and as he will be four years old when these events are decided, the weights he will have to carry should not trouble him. By the barque Cynisca a trotting stallion named Perfection was landed safely in Sydney a few days ago, but a thoroughbred stallion named Marvel, who was also shipped, was killed during the tempestuous weather met with during the voyage. In a telegram Marvel is described as " the oelebrated horse," but as he started 32 times in England and won only once, and that in a welter race, I cannot see how he could by any stretch of the imagi nation be considered " celebrated." He was. however, a remarkably well-bred horse, and for his blood alone he would have been valu able, as he was by Stockwell's great son Asteroid from Miracle, by Kewminster. Members of the Victoria Racing Club are preparing for the annua! meeting, which takes place on the first Monday in August, when Sir W. J, Clarke and Mesam. G, B. Fisher, A. W. Robertson, M. O'Shanassy, G. Watson, J. L. Rnrvee, and S. Miller will have to go up for election. As there is a growing feeling that breeders are ht>t ade^uatehr re presented on the committee, I believe it is in tended to nominate the Horn W. Pearson and Mr. S. Gardiner also. A oorresponddht InformB me that Prospect was not theproperty of lb. M. Moran, but of Mr. John Cameron, from whom Corrigan purchased him. We have had no more famons all-ronnd home thanSussex, and his numerous admirers will be giadtpsee by advertisement this week that Mr. -Umphelbyhaa decided that he shall stand at Dwarroon.12 miles from Warmam bool and£8 from Camnerdown. , Sussex was ' not oidya «>od performer op the flat, botover hhrdlea aniBtferplecheae courses. Probablyhis l^teist perfonnahoe'Wae winning the V.K.C. Grand Kational,in whieh he oarried 19st. lib., 1 at to my mind liis double steeplechase victory in one day at CauMeld was eyeuinone remarkable. -On that July afternoon he oamtd llit 'inb; "tod "Wi>nv the Maiden Steeplechase,' and ah hoar afterwards, with 18et 61b. up, became out laid won the Vic-' toria Gold $hoee who have aeeh his stock in the Western district inform me that Mb yottngatert are well-shaped, and pbssees thf same site tod boneso remarkable in the she "SNalliof Toochslbne Mood, ^wHii dashes of StockweiL Giadiatenr. tod Mel bourne, to give htome^hete^Mat the-hone to rankftS toooeBeortb lfehio in the district where heis looated, and nsfcla<feeisonl>i6 guineas, he should wtobrB'pleuty tof wanbreeder*.-Iffiuee will benM*«t< dovmand WaRnambopl, and ' of toarge to Xtoaooon. The wit mteodtosd to r>» nsum to top press sweeps and betting in public places has been read in the Legislative Council, and no doubt if the amended law be administered properly the mushroom totalisator clubs which have disgraced the city so long vviH be swept away. The V.R.C. invites tenders for 60 deben tures of £100 each, bearing 6 per cent, in terest for five years, Tenders will be re ceived by Mr. Byron Moore at the office of the club, liourke-street, up to noon on Mon day next, July 23. Such an investment is well worthy the attentions! all who have any spare cash. - i" The full progfairima of the Melbourne Hunt Club SpringMeetiflg appears in the advertising columns<ot~/'Ac Audtrc^wiia>ifthis._.y,'eek. It will be seen /that it ctijltaips six events, the opening pile being a Hfiidle Race,'of 50 sovs., which is\ followed by a Seljing Race, of 50 sova; Hunt"Clu))-Cup, vulue'50 bo vs., with 50 sovs. added Flying f5.tafces,:bi 50 sova; Open Steeplechase, of lOOsova ; and Handicap Flat Race, of 100 sovs., one mile. The Hunt Club Cup is a welter handicap steeplechase for bon&-Jide hunters, amateur riders. AH events will close with the hon. secretary, Mr. C. W Shaw, on Thursday, September 20. From Ballurat I learn that most of the horses that are to run at the Grand National meeting to-day are in grand form. Sailor is reported to be very lit. and likely to upset the great moral Australian Court At Wil liamstown Matador is said to have answered all questions satisfactorily, and I believe The Ghost, Transferred, Dougalston, and Tumult did a rattling gallop at Caulfiela on Wednes day. The full programme of the Australian Jockey Club appears this week. It will be seen that the leading club of the sister colony is in the progressive mood, and has increased several of the prizes. For instance, the Hurdle Race has been raised 50 sovs. The Trial Stakes of 100 sovs., Epsom Handicap of 200sovs., Spring Stakes of 200 sovs., and Welter Handicap of 100 sovs. are the same as last year, and so are the events of the second day, which include the Metropolitan ; so. also are those of the third, but a sum of 50 sovs. has been added to the Randwick Plate. The 6th of August is the day of general entry, and as two or three Victorians intend to send their horses to Sydney, no doubt there will he a fair amount of patron age from this side. Studmasters who have nominated for th# Sires' Produce Stakes of the Victorian Trot ting Club must bear in mind that foals have to be described to the secretary on the 1st of August The sires that have been nominated are Von Moltke, jun., Merryhawk, Boccaccio, Abe Lincoln, and Vermont, jun., and foals by any of these sires are eligible. Boatman was sold to Mr. A. Yuille on Tuesday, for 15 guineas, and subsequently found a purchaser in Mr. Weeks, who in tends to take him to India. The balance-sheet of the Victoria Racing Club has been published, and it sbows that the net profits on the last spring meeting were £9,547 9s., but the losses on the autumn meeting amounted to £2,829 16s. 10d., on the Champion meeting £227 0s. Id., and on the winter meeting £342 16s. 4d. Mr. J. A. Roberts announces that hia American trotting sires Boccaccio and Leu Rose will stand at Fairlawn Farm during the season, and probably they will be joined by another named Pioneer, who is expected from America. Leu Rose is one of the hand somest and fastest of the trotting horses im ported from the Pacific slope, and Boccaccio's yearlings are very promising. Both are de scended from crack American families, and are bound to get good roadsters and buggy horses. The Hon. W. Pearson's horses Trumpeter. Tattler, Speculator, and Iron Hand arrived from Sale on Wednesday. The Deniliquin meeting passed off very successfully on Wednesday. J. M'Grade, who nominated Mr. J. Grice's Gipps Land team, won three races, the two principal handicaps with Tantaiiser, who journeyed all the way from Gipps Land, and the Selling Race with Black Pmice. Further consideration of the bill to repeal the Totalisator Act in South Australia has been postponed for a fortnight At a meeting of the Tasmanian Racing Club last week the programme for the summer meeting was framed, and several improve ments decided upon, the sweep in the Iloharl Cup being increased from 7 sovs. to 10 sova, and a free handicap was substituted for the Consolation Handicap, which formerly brou&St; the meeting to a close. The dates were left to Messrs. E. P. Wilson and A. P. Miller to determine, and the programme will shortly be published. Messrs. Ryan and Hammond will dispose of Mr. Glassford's horses on Friday, August 3. They consist of Allander, Caller Ou, Lady Maimers Sutton, and Cora Lynne. Allande* has proved himself a smart colt on the race course. English papers state that Walton, the American plunger, lost nearly £12.000 at the Manchester meeting. This cute Yankee has sold his hotel in New York, and has gone to England with the avowed intention of break ing the bookmakers. What a time he'll have! It is quite evident that Tramp Yoss has lost none of his brilliant pace, for at the Port Augusta meeting on Tuesday he carried 8st. 71b. and won the Port Augusta Cup. The son of Conrad is engaged in the Melbourne Cup at 8st 31b., but this victory will ruse his weight to Sst. 61b. If the speedy black should retain his form he will be able to tell the stable whether Mr. Hart's other Cup repre sentative, Koh-i-poor, has any show, tot pur great spring event. Should the son of Piscator be ablPtP beat Trump Yoss at 7st «tfjh, he will be very hard to upset in "November. At the same meeting that Trump Yoss won the Port Augusta Cup, Wallaroo won the Flying Handicap and Freedom the Hurdle Kace. On the second day Brigand brat Trump Yoss in the Flinders Handicap, and Vampire won the Steeplechase. In the latter, I regret to say, a dreadful accident occurred, the Vic-" torian horse The Hawk falling and hilling himself and poor M'Sorley, who was tiding him. ^It appears that the nonae fell ujxm the STY nrSsunmf^esame^^fhat has often ridden In VicWfta3 btrt'latterly he has been riding tor Mr. \V. A. FUmte'oetabla, , Mr. tSebqge Hill, uncle oilfe^e^M M who represented New Sooth Wales airihh pigeon match and Waterloo Cm'giiw^R^' Thursday, at the advanced age of 0 S0stk': . The old gentleman was well known to VicS' , ; tori&n; visitors, and up to withina few wefekt. of: his daath might he aeen driring]^ho»»fc an^tr^pto Haudwichalmostevei; The deceased gentleman was or" S&WaS.; 'Ike Bather hu been aciatQted *tor tb» and Manfred for _ a orriv' Thursday.andwaa Anataafiaa X3o down _ ith i recovered from his illness. Mr. A. W. Kobertson has also arrived in town, and his friends will l>e glad to hear that he, too, has improved in health. The Western studmasterMr. Henry Phillins has Sold his stnd horse Paris, a yearling by Newminster from Miss Melbourne, a yearling by Xewminster from Celerity, and several others of his breeding to a Queensland pur chaser. From Mauritius I leam that the champion Df the island is an Australian horse named Weniworth, by Angler irom Vellow Chrystal. by Muscovado, lie defeated Avernus and others, and it is said that in a couple of heats for a two miles ra<-e. he carried Sfcst. 21b. and ran the first in Sni. 37s. and the second in 3m. 3&s.; On Monday next Messrs. Yuille and Co. will dispose of Ijothair by auction at Kirk's Bazaar; also a very useful four year old by Panic, bred b\ Mr. Tozer, of the Western District. At a sale of Mr. Stanley's mares in Queens land, Mr. Fran's lleynolds. of Tocal. pur chased Frivolity. Audacity. Ophelia, Twinkle, and I^idy Iriiliari. ami Mr. .1. Williams bought iiose of Victoria and Orange Blus Bom. J. Corrigan thinks l.iz^tte will be the hardest for Australian Court to Ivat in the Grand National Steeplechase. ScaATCtusas.—ll*idec Hurdle Race—The Ranger. Britislicr, Terminus Mundara, Barwoa, Prosjiect, Parade. Maiden Steeplechase—'Tiptoe, Connoisseur, Jupiter, Che-tor, Black Jacket, Joe's Indian (Jueen. Songster. Lothkir, Katanga. Pevilsfaoof. Gtsrid National Hurdle Race—Ganic. Ladv Hampden, Ter minus, The Joker, Buzza, Tnnnpeter, Australian Court, Parade. Grar.d National Steepks- kase—Bryan O'Lynii, Fame, Stamjxxle, Basilisk. Taasraxaeani, Lothsir, Cruiser, Giecira, Simpleton, Euchre. Seiiinj; Hurdle Race—Ysrree. Trump, Dundreary. Don Siva. Farmer, Avalanche, Music era. Flat Race—Odd Trick. Linda. Buttercup. Merman, Sir Charles, ("huck ster. Essex, Othello. Attache, Squireen, Dousaiston, Kicg Claries. Melbourne Cup—Sang, Mistaken. 