PASTORAL VISIT OF THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE. The RoV; Dr Mdorhouse preibliod fit, Mfildcin ybslerdfiy in tho forbrioori, arid at Christ Church; Cuatleirittino; in, tho evening, Bofoto the houi1 of aeryibe tho latter aaorod bdifico be'gfihto fill, arid_ by sevbn o'clock all the befits wb'ro obbupiod beiidea forms placed alqnj; tbfe iiislfes.' : The prayers Vv'er'o read by tho Rov; E. Crawford; and in the eho'it' Was Mrs Gould; fro'm Melbourne, who sang in grand stylo ."Ho shall food liis flock." ' ',! ' ' ' Dr 'Moo¥h'obseV tfh'o ' prb'ablied, ' tbok ' fori his text Aots 1st chapter, part of 8th verse, "Ye shall.be witnesses- unto mo." Ho said that of fill the wants the Apostles felt before the day' of; PbHterillit, tlib mok ufgdnt biie was the want ndftb'r. Aftef the jleath of tll&ir; Master they aU flba frfiiri thb place. Clirist, their king, had made htfi. claim, people liad gone boforo him singing Hosatinah to tho son of David, and . all this ended in hirii being candomued fur blas phemy; arid dyiiig as a mfilofactor. After this tho Apostles felt like, tlio French army when they uttered the oiy; "AllisloBt, lot iis save ourselves who can." If they had been asked how Christ was to uvercomo. liis foes, or how they wero to proceod to accbtaiplish a great spiritual resolution they could libt tell. What wore they to face a hostile world ? Alas for tho kingdom, they thought, if it de- pfended 611 such fis they. Could they restore Christ's kiiigdbth 1 Our Lord's aiiSwer to them must havfe abtoriisiiod them, " Wait at Jerusa lem and power Will come upoli you from the Holy Ghost." They waited and so far realised what was nieaiit tlifet they appointed another disciple in place of the fallen Judas., At the day tif Pentecost there came a sound dlfferfehfi from any thing tlioliuman mind could have iin- agiried, like tb a' rubbing wind. This was the gift of tongues, the powor of action the power to conquer, arid they, knew then the ..gift they possessed. This absolute powor was to be car- ried to .victory, to make the infant ihUrch terrible as an army, making threo thousand converts in a day and ultimately conquering tUfe . wofld. After so many centuries was that gift and power still abldilig iii the cliurcli? It lifid fibolished slavery, elevated woman, renovated the world, gone forth conquering and to conquer. Hatt they that power now . as given .on the day df Dentecqsti That Ayas a plain question, arid Aid would give it a plain answer. When they jbolcea upon doubt, find sin; .and sensual pleasures'; how did they feel i Did they feel awed, or wbal, or stupid ? By the might of God they must &fiih; thd victoty ovbr thds'e arid must dispel the shadow obsburing his beams. If we liad taken thd bowl df plefiS'iirH tb to our lips, and . yielded to doubt how could we shame sin and drive it back ? It was die spirit of their Master who riiaste.red sin, that consecrated His life to us, that could give us tfie ascendancy over sin: . .He required: us to be His witueses; He: gave His power to the church, arid , wo ,qre to be witnesses of. God. Having received the gift we should employ it, Should not let it tiist . for want of use, but put it forth as witnesses of the glory of God. By neglecting to use that power we niight fare like to Abraham when so awed with the ivealth arid grhhderit of Egypt, that lie was aslianied of hifi God; so God toft Abraham to Be ashfemed, for .his weak ness. Parents, sliould build the altar bf fatiiily prayer in their houses. Let them top come and help their minister in the school and give the religious, education that the State did not im part. Let them feriibrace evety opporturiity of being witnesses of God, and if there wero to bed famine in the laud tliey would see the pillar of God's presence going before them. Every step they tlius took would bring them . nearer to paradise. The BiBliop, who preached for about twenty, minutes, was listened tb throughout ivitK pro found attention by the entire congregation: 