More Abundantly. BY THE REV. THEODORE L. CULYER, D.D. Thousands of professed Christians have a very feeble spiritual life. They are rather gasping for breath than growing unto the " measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ." How can such accomplish anything for their Master? How can the poor brother, who scarccly keeps his farthing candle from going out, be able to let his light so shine before men as to glorify God, and guide souls to Him. What all 6uch half-alive Christians need is to seek an immediate increase of heart-grace, and a fresh baptism of the Holy Spirit. Our loving Saviour has promised to give to those who truly desire it, " life more abundantly." 1\. One mark of this more abundant life to be coveted is an increase of spiritual vigour. In the spring of the year fertilisers are being applied in innumerable fields and gardens. I remember a gardener digging around a fruit tree in my yard and applying the tonic of needed manures. The year before the tree produced only a few " promissory notes " in the shape of blossoms ; this year he means to have cherries. More abundant life in the tree will do it. The reason why any Christian does not produce the fruits of the Spirit is the lack of inward vigour. He needs a deep sub-soiling work of penitence, the tillage of prayer and Bible study, a fresh inflow of the power from on high. A very large percentage of the forces in Christ's army are either in the hospitals or off on furlough. If any pastor doubts this let him call the roll of his church members at any of the best attended prayer- meetings of the year; and when he has made proper allowance for necessary absences, he will find how many are like the fig-tree which bore "nothing but leaves." The real revival which is needed is an inflow of new spiritual vigour which will bring the invalids out of the hospital and the deserters back to their posts. As soon as a church seeks and obtains this quickening of the Holy Spirit, sinners will be awakened and brought to Christ. A re-converted church will be able to "convert sinners from the error of their ways." This kind of re-conversion Peter underwent after his shameful declension, and to this our Lord referred in Luke xxii. 32. 2\. A second evidence of life more abundantly is an increase of faith. This is the grace which brings the soul into immediate connection with Christ. A feeble faith can remove mole-hills, but it requires a stalwart faith to remove mountains. He who would cast out the devils that infest his heart, and have the courage to undertake up-hill work and the conversion of "hard cases," must take a prodigious hold on God. When Luther was in the thick of his fight with the Papacy, he says that he could not get on with less than three hours a day in fervent prayer. The earthquake that shook Europe came through Luther's knees. His trust in God made one man an over-match for the scarlet hierarchy on the seven hills of Rome. Sometimes a pastor who has been sowing pure gospel-seed diligently becomes so enlarged in faith and prays so intensely—" give me souls or I die" j —that God takes liim at his word, and sends him a full; n sheaf of blessings. Tibia sort of stalwart faith sets great ; t store by such a promise as Paul unfolds in this verse: e " If Godspared not His own Son, but delivered Him up b for us all, how shall He not with Him freely give us all a things /" An eminent Christian tells me that she considers this the most precious passage in the Bible. h 3\. With more abundant life will come a more perfect a peace, and a richer joy in the Holy Ghost. A sour, sullen, discontented, gloomy, grumbling Christian is a reproach to the name he bears. If such a pitiable professor, with his head bowed like a bulrush, should venture to ask an unconverted friend to embrace Christianity, that friend might well reply, "I have troubles enough of my own now, without being troubled with such a doleful agueish religion as you Beem to have." May it not be possible that many Christian parents rather disgust and repel their own children by the melancholy exhibition which they make of their religion in their own houses ? On tbe other hand, a cheerful, healthy, sunny-faced piety has great attractiveness, and is a daily sermon to win souls to Jesus. Nearly all the most successful soulwinners from Luther down to Spurgeon and Moody have carried this light in their countenance. The joy of the Lord has been a part of their strength. Paul and Silas wereBO filled with it that they made the dismal dungeon of Philippi ring with their songs of praise at midnight. Such joy can only be fed by a constant keeping of the inner life hid with Christ. " These things have I spoken unto you that My joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full." We might specify other tokens of the more abundant life which Jesus gives. These three—healthy vigour, stalwart faith, and gracious joy of heart—are the ones most to be desired, and the most certain of attainment when we do honestly desire them. They are all within the reach of every one to whom Christ has imparted spiritual life. If you are content to be a feeble dwarf, you will always continue to be one. If you strive after the abundant life you can have it. The promise of any human Government, however well-founded and secure, ought not to inspire such implicit trust as these higher words, " Ask and ye shall receive; seek and ye shall find; knock and it shall be opened." " I am come that ye may have life, and that ye may have it more abundantly." 