WHY DID HE BLUSH? BY PETJTETBE. [Dr. South's caution disregarded by Dr, Moorhouse—Suspected symptoms appear in the Anglican Synod of last week—A Protestant Anglican rubric, and how Anglican Protestant curates and congregations respect it—A creed cursed by Dr. Moorhouse which had been blest by hiB Church—Why was Dr. M. ashamed, and why did his "people" sit down—The Sth Article of the 39 in full—Has any one a right to say that the Bishop of M. is " cracked."] WHEN recently mounting the apocalyptic tight-rope the Bight Rev. Dr. Moorhouse gation that he was well aware of the risk to which he was exposing his mental reputation or the soundness of his skull by attempting the part of Chorus to a new rehearsal of the divine drama of the Revelation as made to St. John in the Isle of Patmoe. His lordship said he had been speaking to Dr. South upon the subject, and South had told him that any such attempt was in itself sufficient to raise suspicions of the expositor's compos, and, in the judgment of some lunatio asylum inspectors, would go far in justifying the grandmamma or other more remote female relatives of any such lecturer in applying to the Archbishop of Canterbury or to the Lord Chancellor for & writ de lunatico inguirendo against the one proposing to play the Blondin of' so daring a flight among the clouds. Sonth plainly warned me, said Dr. Moorhouse, that it is prima facie evidence of the- existence of some as yet unexplored fissure in my oraniologioal region that I should ever "have dreamed of going on to an apocalyptic tight-rope with the view of opening "Seals" and "Vials" whioh had been opened' onoe for all 1800 years ago; and I gather from what South said to me that the apocalypse either finds its interpreters mad or gets them mad. However, continued his lordship, I am not going to be frightened by South nor by North, nor by East nor by West, nor by admonition from any other point of the compass. I am here upon ths tight-rope to-day, as a Protestant bishop, to Bhow you what a fool another Protestant bishop was who falsely explained the apocalypse. But I will give the true explanation. Am I to be regarded as " cracked " for doing that ? I say, no ; and, if within a month, a little month hence, I be found taking the chair at a meeting in the Athenaum where an American leoturer shall spout the " silliest" babble of the agnostio NINCOMPOOP SCHOOL, even then I shall, calmly light my short clay pipe and smoke at my scoffers and ridiculers. Dr. Moorhouse then dashed in among' the apocalyptio "Frogs" and the other ugly crawling things of the Evangelist's vision, which represented all the foul heresies that should come, up from "the Pit," locusts and'flying serpents of hell, coming up to devour the fair foliage and flowers and the fruits in the garden of the Church ; and in a few days his lordship proved to his own complete satisfaction that heretical ' locusts and caterpillars, and frogs and serpents, were, on the whole, rather better for the Churoh than otherwise. Of course, with such a logician as this, any very logistio feat is feasible. The Ghurch is Heresy. The Heretics are the Church. Christ and his apostles prayed and taught that the Churoh should be One in belief and in Worship and in external discipline. No, says Dr. Moorhouse; that is a "mediaeval error" adopted from pagan Rome. Christ didn't mean any snob thing. I know what He meant better than anyone else. Christ only meant that OneneBS or perfect Unity waB better if it could be had. But, if it could not be had; then it WBB no matter, and the Churoh could get along without it, although seots or divisions—antagonist parties—might in the abstract seem somewhat scandalous, and even destroy charity. It iB, however, -when the lord bishop of Melbourne gets into the <shalr at the periodical ANGLICAN" CHUIICH ASSEMBLY that he is in his full glory. Then, . like every; ooofc on his own dunghill, he crows out with a shrill and lusty clarion ; so loud, indeed, as to terrify some of his own oom- -panionsin the, Anglican poop,.if .the newp- -papers are .conscientious. If they are apt, Lis lordship i* shamefully , misrepresented. JTor, what do .ypu think, . O esteemed iKrin . the; papers eaThjiy actually tp-i port hia lprashjp as Iwyingdwlaredtohis ,clergyiin tbei)r SyQQ(Upal eonfabuiatioijs last of a parish in England long ago, he>s» ashamed to look his congregation in the fact when he and they, or some of them, were saying THB ATHENASIAN CBEED in their "Morning Prayer" on Sundays. Just think of that, 0 esteemed reader ! An Anglican clergyman ashamed to look his congregation in the face when performing a solemn devotional duty whioh his reformed, truly Soriptnral, and extremely Protestant Churoh prescribed for him to do, and which, with all the solemnity of an oath, he had promised to perform ! His lordship was "ordained" by a ProteBtant bishop, who, by the way, believes that he received his power to ordain from the Bope, who is Bishop of Some. When kneeling before his ordaining bishop Dr. Moorhouse vowed to perform all clerical duties assigned him by his church ex animo, gladly, cheerfully, willingly, and faithfully. Yet, in the very first duty hiB church enjoined—that is, the reading of " Morning Prayer "—Dr. Moorhouse blushed with a sense of the painful humiliation to which his Church subjected him at his first step in the path of duty. For, when he went from the cathedral whery he was ordained to the parish church where he was to officiate, on entering his reading desk, he finds that he is called on to commit an act of profane hypocrisy and doctrinal falsehood!!! Had his lordship's Blondin danoe on the apocalyptio tight-rope, fulfilled Seuth's flippant expectation? Is his lordship "oraoked?" Was the moon at the full on the evening when his lordship addressed the clergy last week? "Will his lordship explain why he didn't read over the Church of England " Morning Prayer" before he took the oath of obedienoe which obligated him to say or sing" the' oreed of Athenasius twelve times in every year ? Was his lordship "moved by the Holy Ghost" to neglect this simple precaution of reading over the " Morning Prayer," which he knew he must read at least every Sunday ? If he had read the first ten pages of the Anglican prayer-book before be took the oath of compliance, young Mr JameB Moorhouse would have been spared all the trouble of blushing and being ashamed before his congregation—that is, if he had any honour or conscience in his composition. No one dragged him to the ordination ceremonial, I suppose ; nor was he ooerced at a dagger's point to be a " deacon" and then a "priest." It was all his own voluntary deed, and all his blushing and shamefaoedness will pass for pure humbug with some people, or even for something muoh worse; and many may even say that the perpetual excrnciation which his lordship seems to endure as bishop of a church disgraced by so " incomprehensible" a symbol as the Athenasian Creed is only the retributive Nemesis of his jumping the oath first and looking afterwards. Even the town fools may say that Dr. Moorhouse should have looked before he jumped into a creed which made him a bishop. And, if the Athenasian Creed is such a burden and stigma, why doesn't Dr. Moorhouse resign if he can't abide by what he swore to? To make the story plain, be it known to you, 0 esteemed reader, that the Churoh of England as by law established, by command of her Supreme Head, King Charles II., after consultation with his faithful ^Parliament, enjoins all curates—that is mostly parish priests— and all clergymen having cure of souls, in the following rubrio, which stands at the ead of the Athenasian creed, thus : " MOBNING PBAYEB." " Upon the Feasts of Christmas Day, the Epiphany, Saint Mathia, Easter Day, Ascension Day, Whitsunday, Saint John Baptist, Saint James, Saint Bartholomew, Saint Matthew, Saints Simon and Jude, Saint Andrew, and npon Trinity Sunday, shall be sung or said at Morning Prayer, instead of the Apostles' Creed, this Confession of our .Christian Faith, commonly called the Creed of Saint Athenasius, by the minister and people, "standing." Then comes the creed, headed with the two' initial words of the Quicinigue Vult. Ton -will pferceive, O esteemed reader, by the foregoing rubric, that the Protectant Established Church of England officially appoints 12 days in the year for the saying of the Athenasian Creed. It may be "sung," that , is chanted by a choir, or "said " verse about, one by the minister and one by the people; and that b6th minister and people are to remain "standing"'" during the recital. 'AH that; is yery right and, vfery eaiv, as far,as directions go. Dr. Moorhouse told his clergy last week in their Synod that scores ofpaVishoners in England "satdown" instead of " standing.*"''' This sitting down was, of .course, caused by bodiljr weakness ; for loVing and submissive" children 'of a'inost truly Scriptural ihnrch, tyft reforpred to the pdresfi ^>crint of expurgation,''would never BO'flagrantly .insult'their spiritual""mothfer 'as: to Sit' down contumaciously When tt>«y Vepe-required to 8tan4. But; if they- did jsit ffowiith rough contempt and through disbelief in'thSbreed of AthenasiuSj then, of course; oiie dees why Dr: MOorhPuse tnayhave blushed and'felt so ashamed. He Was blushing and feelifig" ashamed of the Very bad manners -and Mill worse spirit of his—so far' as the Sitting'was concerned—un- Christian congregation ! : Note further, O esteemed reader, that the national Churoh of England speaks of this Athenasian Creed calling it " a confession of our Christian fdith." \ Unfortunately for Bf.' Moorhouse, he:.startled t rson>e of his clergy last week whea/jliiey .were fin Synpd 1 by an unmistakable exprppaipn; of' his . .M&rtwst; sympathy, >Fiih" i%e, petraqto^r and faithless portion jhis.^qine parishioners <w£oaat dpwji whpntheU p^uro^ inetrnc^ed them to A M j ' ^ - ! • %4«a -ftr MJM ^..ifg^lr rjpubpa 1 worship oalled them to Bing or say a oreed whi6h"was inserted as a " oonfeBsion of their Christian faith." Bishop Moorhouse, in faot, personally dislikes that oreed. He discards it from his heart. He deBires to erase it from the Morning Prayer. He would not allow it a place evenin the bpokof Common Prayer. It is no " confession of Christian faith'" for him, but an intolerable imposition on his faculty of believing. He can't believe it, and perhaps wouldn't if he oould. If be could, why doesn't he P It is a sourvy spot on the face of his' beautiful liturgy, even though the Rubric of his Churoh deolares it to be a " confession of our (Anglioan) Christian faith." Is it not "in the Bible ?'' Dr. Moorhouse doesn't stop to argue, that question. He rather tries to escape that consideration in the disagreeable reoolleotion of his having once been ashamed to read this confession of Christian faith along with his parish clerk and some of his people. But, as his lordship endeavours to avoid argument, he is confronted by the ArticleB. He has subscribed these. They may not be a very Btron^ tie upon either his filial duty or his fealty to his national mother. But Dr. Moorhouse subscribed them " in their plain grammatical sense." He subscribed them ex animo. He is no mediaeval casuist. He meant what he said or sung or swore. He is no mental reserver, but an upright, downright, straightforward Englishman, and as such he pledged himself to " " at least as muoh of the XXXIX Articles as he might, on seoond thoughts and at his leisure, feel free to accept. These Thirty-nine Articles are, or were, a hedge round about him, and to esoape from the Athenasian Creed he must break through. But where? At what point must he force his way through the hedge? Let us see what the following Artiole has to say to its honest, honest subscriber, young Mr. JameB Moorhouse, going up for, say, "prieBts orders" certain years since:— ARTICLE VIII. [Of the Three Creeds.) The three creeds, Nieene Creed, Apostles' Creed, and that which is commonly called the Athenasian Creed, ought to be thoroughly received and believed, because they may be proved by most certain warrant of Holy Scripture. • Now, you can no doubt see, O esteemed reader, that a coach and four might be driven through the "plain grammatical meaning" of this 8th Article of the ProteBtant Reformed Church of England, and Dr. Moorhouse may just be the man to drive the coach. But then, what do you think of the Protestant bishop who, when a ourate parish priest at home, blushed for very shame when called on to sing or say the Athenasian Creed, and yet had subscribed this 8th Article now laid before you, and subscribed it ex animo, in sincerity, and with a free, consenting heart. This Article 8 of the 39 affirms that the Athenasian Creed may be proved true by most certain proofs of holy scripture. Dr. Moorhouse 'will, of course, be aware that the Pall Mall Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge has published a card, on which is printed a long list of the texts which prove the Athenasian Creed to be radically and doctrinally Scriptural. Dr. Moorhouse, at his. examination for " priests' orders," may have been callecl on to prove the Athenasian Creed to be Scriptural. How far his lordship would sucoeed in the proving prooess neither you nor I, O esteemed reader, can presume to guess. But, in the name of the wretch Cranmer, how does Dr. Moorhouse explain his aversion to or his animosity towards the Athenasian Creed with this 8(h Artiole staring him in the faoe ? Both Qorne and the S.P.C.K. may be too unsoientifie for his lordship's attention; but there is the 8th Article asserting it as a principle of the Churoh of England that the Athenasian Creed is proveable by a thousand passages of Holy Scripture; that it iB as Scriptural as Soripture can make it. And yet he admits that he grew red with shame when as a curate at home, in the performance of a ministerial funotion, he stood up to say that creed in his Church's taorning servioe. At what did his now lordship 'so deeply, blush- and be ashamed ? At reading! an ancient theological dooument which his most Scriptural Churoh declares to be most Scriptural! 1! Surely Borne queer devil must have got into his lordship's head, and. very sauoily jostled his lordship's brains, when he now so shamelessly acknowledges his youthful shame in reading a form of words as true as Soripture. His lordshijp's home Congregation that 8&t; down may have possibly been overcome by the'h'e'at of the -weather, or by an escape' of gas in' the church; or, perhaps, through.pions indignation at the two Latin words, Quicinigue Vult, at the head of the Tsreedj- 'aiid which they feared-might have -ind^Jiopte jneaning. But what bafflei Wll coMefctiou of yours or mine, O esteemed readers-is that their minister didn't know bettar and i^h and eduoate his people up to the ^inoder^te degree of Christian knowledge fchich should enable them to trndtfrstand thai the Athenasian Creed contains nothing J)oVwhat is contained in the Apostles' Craed' and fai the Nicene Creed; and' tVat'.th^whble^three oan be proved " by moBt 'jiertSin 'wmat of Holy Scrititere "If f'^'In^e 'nii^of all ih e bless* ^formers'^'W'what did Dr. Moofhoride "boggle '^^bln^^r Did his truly -Sbriptnwr P?* hiin to work ^ w e n jpafciltWM » irsryi disreputables that th* Athenasiati Creed'T^ mo7t"ceS! Scripture, and Dr. MoorhouBe wa B ashamed £ sing or say acreed so Scriptural. His lordshirfE late collision with the apocalypse mav havn caused some slight disturbance of the cerebral equilibrium, and the balance may not hato been fully restored when his lordship enterla his Synod last week. He disregarded South's caution, and a "crack" ma? hav£ occurred somewhere between occiput arid sinoiput, which may acoonnt for the extraordinary avowal in regard to the Athenasian Creed, and which is said to have rather astonished some of his clergy. But whatever may be the reason of his lordship'* blushing, and of his so openly pleading guilty to the fact of having blushed the 8th Artiole of his Protestant Reformed Churoh stands among the foremost of the 39 whioh his lordship signed with an ex animo assent:and ooneentj and silently, but sternly asks him why he blushed and held down his' head with shame at Sunday Morninir Prayer when he and his parish olerk recited the Athenasian Oreed whioh Granmer, Ridley, and Latimer did not blush to reoite, and whioh both the : Hampton Ooorfc and Savoy revisers of the Prayer Book retained as a precious Soriptural treasure in the reigns of King James I. and King Charles II. What has happened sinoe then to make Dr. Moorhouse blush and be ashamed of that whioh Pearson, Bull Barrow, Jeremy Taylor, Ken, Wilson, Jones of Nayland, Johnstone, Stillingfleet, Sooker, Howley, and Longley were proud of ? Why did Dr. Moorhouse blush for the Athenasian creed ? Was he ashamed of his churoh for making him swear to Buoh a oreed ? and, if so, why BO ? Oot. 16, 1883. 