A Month's Tour in the Great li&ke; District of Australia. A TALE OF THE YEAR 1950. ( Continued .) And, pressing his letter to her heart, she moaned piteonsly, with tears streaming from those glorious eyes that I had never before seen with even a look of sorrow, but always beaming with the pride of perfect health and consciousness of being beloved by all those dear to her. ' My darling, my love, shall I never again see you? I can't believe it. When he finds that it is not true, he will surely come back to see for me. Don't think ill of me, Charlie dearest, for giving way. You are Evie's now, and she has known me from a baby, so that it ia nothing new for me to go to her in trouble : she has often consoled me in my childish griefs, but this is different, with this dear letter in my hand. Knowing his truth and honourable heart I no longer grieve ; my heart is filled with joy, tempered and subdued and robbed of all its fulness, but still it is joy that fills my heart — but, ah ! how poor and small compared with what might have been, my own, own love ! if he had only known. Will you leave us for a few minutes., Charlie, dear ? It's time to get ready for dinner. I'll not let them see the cruel blow they have dealt me— more cruel by far dealt by the hand of one I have loved all my life as I have J im than aught else orald have made it. Ah ! how could he do it? He knowe 1 unequivocally told Earl Mowbray that I could never love him, and begged liim to cease from think ing of me as his future wife. Jim's wife must have sadly changed him if he could wish me to sacrifice myself for the eake of wealth and social position. However, I'll leave them in no manner of doubt this evening as to my in tentions. I'm sorry for poor Mowbray ; but, if he won't take a quiet no for an answer, he must be cured of his madness in a rougher manner. Now run away, Charlie, and let us make ourselves as fascinatingly lovely as possible.' Going out, I marvelled greatly as to what method would be adopted by these two conspirators to disillusionise his lordship, and what part of the ceremony the careful toilette was to be. I sought Jim, thinking to find out if he knew aught of Fred's movements, for they used to be great friends. I had no sooner reached the front verandah than I wafi greeted v ith. ' Wtll, Charlie, old man, now that you have escaped from your sorceress's hands for a little while, come ana tell me all the news. Where's Fred Grey ? He left us in a rather short notice style this evening. What was the matter ?' This rather puzzled me to answer ; for, not knowing what the girls intended doing, I did not know how much it was advisable to tell Jim ; besides, I felt confident that the Maior had told him how matters stood, for we had all noticed the growing fondness between Mary and Fred, so I confined myself strictly to facts and queries. ' I have not seen Fred since they came back.' Mowbray now sat down by us. He had been promenading the veran dah in rather an uncertain way, as if he was doubtful as to what he should say. ' Gcod evening, Mr. Leslie. I fear we have taken your charming cousin rather by surprise.' ' ' Do you ? Did she not expect you ? If she did not, was it not enough to take her by surprise to suddenly meet one who, by his social position, must always be sure of eclipsing all lesser lights in the firmanent in which he moves? She is possibly overcome with delight at having our party augi ented by so distinguished a visitor.' I watched Jim's tu».o as I made this thrust, and was sure that we were fencing with the buttonB off our foils, and was quite confirmed in my opinion when he said : ' I have not yet had an opportunity of telling you, Charlie, that we hope to see Mowbray lead Mary to the altar before we leave Australia.' ' Indeed. TLcn no wonder it is as you say, and that Miss Leslie is overcon e by joyful surprise. I quite long to be able to congratulate her upon what I am epre must be such a Bource of gratitude and pride to her. As her cousin I feel grateful to your Lordship tor the honour you propose to do our family. I shall hope to have the pleasure of visiting my cousin when she has the honour of being Countess of Mowbray.' ' Oh ! come now, Charlie, a little chaff is all very well, but when you come to pile it on like that it becomes beyond a joke.' Jim's pride was touched, as 1 intended it should be : pride of ancient lineage was a Leslie failing. Pror Mowbray, who was by no means a fool, looked half inclined to resent what he could hardly help seeing was not quite so warm a welcome as he might have had. ' My dear Jim, don't you know me well enough to know I that I never joke on serious subjects, and how can you tbirk I regard other than as a most seriouB subject the future welfare of my cousin Mary, for whom I can assure you I have conceived a most ardent affection ? There is no sacrifice I would not make willingly to ensure her hap piness, and I am sure I only echo Eva's words when I say that she too would make any sacrifice to ensure the true and lasting happiness of one she loves so well. No, my dear fellow, never think that I can joke upon a subject so near to my heart as Mary's future happiness. _ And what greater happiness could a true-hearted girl wish for than to be united to a man who is so sure of her love for him that he unhesitatingly follows her half round the world, and foregoes the pleasure of apprising her of his act of de votioL ur-til he can himself be the bearer of the glad tidings and v ifcess of the joyful surprise with which he well knows ehe -will receive him. ' , T^Vinp up, f. caught Eva's eye fixed on my face with an expression of evident approval at the line I had taken, and I breathed freely, which was more than I had been do ing for the last few minutes, as I had been acting in the dark. ' Mary requests that we will not wait for her, as 6he has n slight headache, and that Earl Mowbray will kindly take into consideration the agitated state of her feelings at his arrival and excuse her nonappearance.' ' I hope Miss Leslie is not ill, and that she will enliven us with her presence after dinner.' ' I Hiinfc she will come by-and-by, but we will sit down without her. As I must perforce act hostess, I will request your Lordship to take me into dinner.' Mowbray offered, his aim, and Eva walked him off. Jim and I followed. , ' Charlie, will you take the head of the table, and, J im, will -vou sit at the foot ?' And verily Eva established her right to the title of Queen Eva that Jim had called her by in the afternoon, as, seating herself by Mowbray on one 6ide of the table, she left two unoccupied places on the other side, evidently laid for Mary and Fred. Was it possible that the truant had returned? Evidently he had, or some deeplaid scheme was being worked out. ' Lixzy, will you kindly take a plate of soup to Miss Leslie?' «? Yes, Miss Eva,' and Lizzy gave a very meaning smue in answer to a glance from Eva, and vanished with the eoup, v. ith which she returned almost immediately, saying, ' Miss Leslie has chanced her mind, and will come oat directly and will dine at the table.^ Eva shot a quick glance of intelligence from her dear eyes, which were full of joyful smiles, though her face was as grave as a judge's. Lizzy had hardly set the soup down when Maty made her appearance, looking pale and rather stern, but very lovely, and dressed more ' carefully than I had ever seen her, in a soft creamy-looking crepe, her only ornament being a few bunches of forget-me-nots and lilies of the valley worn tastefully in her beautiful hair and at the throat and waist. I had never seen her look so lovely as she sat down, with the only lamp standing on a bracket on the wall at her back, leaving her face in Ehadow, while every other person's face was in strong light. I could see some portion of the object of all the scheming, but what was to follow I could by no means divine. The soup over, and the fish on the table, an effort was made by the Earl to open a conversation with Mary, but she seemed absent-mitded, and he relapsed into silence. After remov ing the fish, Lizzy came in with a letter on a tray which she handed to Eva, who taking it held it for a moment ao that Mowbiay could not help reading the address ; then, with an appearance of surprise, said, ' This is not for me, Lizzy. Mary, dear, is it for you ?' And threw it across the table. Mary, pale as a ghost, said, ' Yes,'' or rather moved her lips ar.d bowed in acquiescence, for I could hear no sound, and taking the letter placed it by the side of her plate. I could easily read the address and did not wonder at Mary's pallid looks, for what I read was unmistakably in Fred's hand writing — ' Immediate. 'Mrs. Fred. Grev, 'Long Tunnel Hotel, ' Walhaliah.' After a few moments of apparent effort to recover from the shock of receiving the letter so addressed, Mary faltered : ' Will you all excuse me if I open this letter?' Then, after a minute's perusal of it, said, in a broken voice scarcely above a whisper, 'Poor— poor Fred;' then louder, ' Mr. Grey will not be here to dinner this evening,'' and putting the letter in the envelope laid it so that Jim could see the addrSss. I watched his face. He turned fairly livid, and, starting up, Baid : 'Mary, what's all this ? I insist on an immediate ex planation.' ' Do you, dear ? That's unfortunate, as I fear you will have to do without ; and a lord of the creation looks so in sufferably small when he insists on a woman's doing a thing which she flatly refuses to do.' 'Jim, dear, a glass of wine,' said Eva, in her sweetest tones. Mary is of age, you know, and can please herself. Better avoid a scene ; they're bad form— very.' I was little less astounded than poor Jim. Mowbray sat and gasped aB fish do in crowded holes when they have to come to the surface for the needful supply of free oxygen which the water no longer contains. I had no doubt as to whose fertile brain conceived and worked out the idea, but was lost in wonder at the coolness 'With which she sat there, with an amused look on her face. Queen Eva, with a ven geance, thought I. Poor Mary was pale to her very lips. 1 thought she would have fainted. Eva, getting up, took her round a glass of wine, which she drank. This revived her a little, and she was able to finish dinner, or-rathet sit at tbe table while we finished, for I noticed that she ate nothing, and with all the remainder of the dinner was a mere form. ' May I see that letter, Mary ?' said Jim. ' Have you seen the address r' 'Yes.' ' 'Ihen I wonder you can ask Buch a thing.' ' May I see you alone after dinner ?' Mary looked at Eva, who quickly came to the rescue, you see the state of agitation the poor girl is in. Have you no feeling for her? You by your unseemly haste in this matter have forced her into this difficulty, and now you seem determined to persecute her to the utmost of your power. You knew that she had in most unmistakeable terms refused the honour of an alliance with this very noble Earl, and yet you aid him in an attempt to coerce her into a step that is most repugnant to her. Any blamo in the matter that is due to any one attaches solely to you and your noble friend. Peisonaily, my only feeling in the matter is one of sincere pity for both of you. Poor Mary, deeply as you have caused her to suffer, has nothing with which to reproach herself, and 1 consider that she has acted nobly in the matter. Charlie, dear, we Bhall have to hurry on her marriage in order to be able to give this poor child a home until she can be reunited te the man she loves. We willjrejoin Major Leslie in the morning. Meantime you will excuse us. I wish you all good morning. Come, Mary dear, we must pack up for the evening. Will you come and help us by end-bye, Charlie. We'll send Lizzy when we want you. Meantime, perhaps a smoke will compose your nerves a little, which seem to be rather shaken by the course of events,' and with a glance that sent the blood surging to iny heart, she followed Mary from the room. ' By Jove, I wish you joy, Charlie. I always knew she had a will of her own once ; but I had no idea she was such a tiger. Did you know anything of this disgraceful affair ?' ' ' May I ask ot whom jou are speaking?' ' I beg your pardon, old fellow, of courso she is your aflianced wife ; but did you know anything of this clandes tine marriage of Mary's ? ' I give you my word, Jim, I did not, and do not know any more than yourself.' ' 1 don't, I can't believe it. Mary would never do such a thing. It is some hoax of Eva's ; Mowbray, that will all be cleared up in a day or two, and all will be right.' 'Quite possibly; but however it may or may not be cleared up, I am quite satisfied that Miss Leslie declines to honour me with her hand ; and I must say I have ceased to wish for what has hitherto seemed to me a most desirable alliance, both for her as well as myself, and when she re fused me six months since I could not believe that she was in earnest, particularly as you, her brother, assured me that her refusal arose from some silly girlish fancy that would wear off. I shall leave this in the morning by any route - that will lead me in a direction opposite to the one your party takes, and shall be obliged if you, Mr. Charles Leslie, will give me any information on the subject that you can. Y our cousin need fear no persecution at my hands, 1 can assure you. 1 shall be obliged if you will tell her aud Miss Marshall that I am going away in the morning, and that I Bhall be glad to say goodbye to-night, as I shall leave early.' ' Very well, I'll tell them a6 soon as I see them, and I am sure that it will be best, both for yourself and Miss Leslie, that you should do as you say. And I hope you will do my cousin the justice to say that she had no hand in inducing you to follow her out here. I never had a sister, and Maiy has quite taken the place of one. I should be sorry indeed to near that Bhe could ever make the smallest approach to anything like flirting.' ' I assure you she never has, and it is only my being unable to believe that any girl could seriously refuse an offer 60 advantageous that induced me to listen to her brother's arguments on the subject. I cannot recall one single word or lock of her's that went beyond the civility due to a visitor at her father's house.' ' You have given me unfeigned pleasure,' said I, getting up and taking his hand. If there is anything on earth I hate and despite it is a flirt, male or femal'e.' '' If you please, Mr. Leslie, Miss Marshall will be glad if you will take your coffee with them in the back verandah.' ' Very well, Lizzy, tell them I'll just finish my pipe, and be with them in less than five minutes. Jim, can I take any message from you that will relieve your sister's mind. Her greatest grief this afternoon was that she should have received such a cruel blow from your hand. We are all confident that you knew of her. attachment to Gray, and that you thought you could upset it by the step you took of j introducing Earl Mowbray as her affianced husband. You ! surely could not have considered the cruelly false position you would place your sister in by so doing.' ' I took the course I did for her good, and cannot regret it. My wife thinks as 1 do on the subject.' ' Then I much fear that you will be the cause of serious dissension in a hitherto very happy party. . I am very sorry. 1 will tell ray cousin and Miss Marshall that you wish to say good-Lye to them.' When I went into the verandah I found Mary lying down on a sofa that had been brought out for her, Evie sitting by her caressingly strok ing her head, round which she had a handkerchiei tied. 'Come and sit here, Charlie dear; the poor child has suffered fearfully, but did she not behave splendidly ? How have you got on with the conspirators ?' 'First let me give you Mowbray's message. He regrets the step that has been taken, and has spoken in a very i manly ? straightforward way. He is going away in morning early bv any route that will lead him in a direc tion opposite to the one we take. He quite rmeunow all claim to Mary's hand, and admits that she never rave him any reason to hope that she would ever marry him. As he wishes to leave early he will be obliged if you will par. mit him to sav good-bye this evening.' ' Do you think you can see him, Mary dear, or shall I g9 out and say good-bye for you ?' ' Ob, Evie, after what has passed, how can I see any one.'' And the lovely brow contracted as with paint and the tender lips quivered nervously, then, taking toy hand, she said, *' Yon know, Charlie dear, that it is not true. Erie addressed that envelope, and rill that was inside was poor Fred's letter that you saw— see here it is— look at it again.' 1 looked to please her. Then kissing her. said, ' Do you think I could ever doubt you, Marv ? Do you think I needed to see the letter to believe you r' ' Thank you, dear, and you don't blame me,' and the lovely eyes looked pleadingly into mine. ' 1 think this is the culprit,' said I, turning to Evie, 'and vou see she is sturdily impenitent.' ' Ah ! Charlie, you don't know what a brave darling she ie. What Bbouldwe have done without her? It was all her doing. They would have married me to Mowbray in spite of myself had it not been for her.' Looking at Evie, 1 saw her glorious eyes full of tears, and kneeling down by her I pressed her to my heart, saying, ' You dear brave girl, you have saved us all.' 'You don't blame me, love? Are you sure— it seems such a terrible thing to have done now that it's all over; but I was at my wit's end to know what .to do to save this poor-child. I know Jim Leslie. It is no slight task to turn him from his purpose, and I know he had set his heart on Mary being Countess of Mowbray. Do you feel equal to seeing him now, dear? You need not get up. I'll go with Charlie and tell them all about it first, and then I'll bring him here to you ; you had better see him.' ' I wish to say good-bye to him. I like him as a friend so long as he does not want me to be his wife, and I'm sura he has plenty tetter than me to choose from.' 'Plenty to choose from; but not better than you. 1 cannot but sympathise with him, and admire his taste.' ' Well come along, Charlie boy. I'll go and confess my sins. 1 cannot leave the trace of a doubt on their minds as to Mary's conduct. I've one dear old fellow to stick to me, and 1 care for no one else.' As we passed from the back verandah round the end of the house, which was always quiet and unoocupied, I said, 'Evie, darling, may I hold you to your word in one tiling that you said this evening?' 'Ah ! Charlie, dear, I've been troubling over that— I know what you mean— but you know, dear, the Bpirit in which I 6aid it?' Taking the dear hand, that trembled as it rested on my arm, in mine, I said, ' Yes, dear, I know that you were .thinking only of our being able to give Mary a home ; but. 'having said it, will you not keep to it for my sake ?' Then passing my other arm round her I pressed her yielding form close to me, and whispered, ' Evie, my own sweetest love, will you not for my sake keep to it?' Putting her disengaged arm round my neck, she pulled my head down and whispered in my ear, trembling with intensity of feeling: . ' For both our sakes, I will, my darling. Kiss me, my own own love. Now let us go.' Turning the corner into the front verandah, we found Mowbray and Jim. ' This is very kind, Miss Marshall,' said Mowbray. ' Is Miss Leslie too much upset to say good-bye to me ? I hope not, for 1 feel I have much to answer for.' ' Mary will see you presently, Earl Mowbray, bat first I wish to explain that the direction on the envelope you saw addressed to Mrs. Fred Grey was written by me— that there is no such person here as Mrs. Fred Grey— but that Mary has received a declaration of love from Mr. Grey, which she fully reciprocates. I feared the determination of Mr. James Leslie to marry his sister to you might be successful. I crave your Lordship's forgiveness for the ruse I adopted and holdingout her hand with acharming grace said, ' May I hope that you will forgive m6, and that we may be friends for tbe future?' Mowbray took her hand, saying, ' Miss Marshall, it ia bard to say how much I owe you, both on my own account and Miss Leslie's. 1 honour you for the spirited action you have taken, and admire you for the perfect diplomacy with which you conceived and carried out your idea. I con gratulate Mr. Charles Leslie on the rare prize he has secured, and cannot but feel that England has sustained a loss in your having left her shores for Australia. Let me wish you and your future husband every happiness, and should you ever visit England promise mo that you will make my place your home during your stay there.' ' Charlie and I will be delighted to visit you on our first trip to England, and we shall hope to meet a Countess of Mowbray who will know how to appreciate the true worth of an honest gentleman. Now let us go and see poor Marj-; she has, I fear, suffered greatly, and is quite prostrated by all the excitement ot this afternoon and evening.' I Going in, we found Maiy sitting up, looking much better. ' MiBS Leslie, cap you forgive me for all the pain JL have caused you ? Miss Marshall will explain to you how very much grieved I am to have done so, and how very grateful I am to her for having extricated us all so cleverly from the trying position we were in through mv obtuseness.' ' You are too generous, Earl Mowbray. It is ray brother who is most to blame in this matter, and my greatest grief has been that he whom I have always loved so fondly should have dealt me this cruel blow. 1 have to ask your forgiveness for not being able properly to appreciate the honour you proposed to do me ; and let me hope that I may toon hear that you have taken to your ancestral halls one ia every way more worthy of you than I am.' ' That I can never mid, Miss Leslie. Any one I may meet in future must always suffer by comparison with you; but let me hope that I may reckon on having you and your future husband amongst my friends. Now let me say good-bye, and beg your acceptance of a trifling present in anticipation of your approaching marriage with one so much more fortunate than myself. Good-bye, dear Miss Leslie. I give this trifle to Mi6s Marshall to give to you from me on your wedding day. Good-bye.' . ' Good night. Maty, dear ; shall I see you again, Evie? ' Yes, I'D come out for a chat by-and-bv ; but leave us now.' As I closed the door I saw poor Mary fling herself into Eva's arms, and heard her broken cry, ' Oh ! Evie, where I is my darling, my love ? shall I ever see him again? How is he to know that all has happened as it has done ?' Going out into the front verandah, I found Mowbray and Jim silently smoking; sitting down near to Mowbray, 1 joined them. Said he : ' I sincerely hope Miss Leslie will feel no permanent ul effects from the painful excitement she has suffered this afternoon— eo much crowded' into so short a spaoe of time* I cannot forgive Leslie for introducing me as Miss Leslie s virtually accepted lover, knowing, as it now appears that he did, of her attachment to Mr. Grey; it was placing her in such a cruelly false position. I hope you will feel assured that I will do anything that lies in my power to relieve Miss Leslie of all blame in the matter, should the subject be ever mentioned in my presence.' . ' Thank you sincerely ; be sure I will let both Eva ana Mary know how very kindly you have spoken.' ' And let me join Mr. Leslie in thanking your Lordship - for the veiy generous manner in which you have behaved, said Eva, joining us. ' But Maiy asks that you will allow us to look at the present that you have left in my hands to be presented to her on her wedding day, as die fears that it is something of so great intrinsic value that she will bs unable to accept it. If it is bo ahe asks me to say that sne will with pleasure accept any trifling present from you, ana that, however small, it will become of inestimable value to her in memory of the very generous manner in which you bavc bdiEYGd*'' ' Pray ask Miss Leslie to accept the little present I ha*'® left with you. I assure you its value is not so great tna she need hesitate to receive it ; but her doing jbo is one mo proof to me of the great treasure I have lost in her. ' Very welL She eaid that, if you persisted in astine her to accept this, she would do eo, only subject to w- ? Grey's permission.' „ ' Upon my word, Mr. Grey is a most fortunate ciaii ' Give me a cigarette, Charlie ; my nervous system quite upset. I require soothing.' . . t 'Come for a stroll by the lake. His not law,' } II o'clock.' 'With you alone? Well, I suppose that will be, very soothing. Very well, I'll come. Give me your ann. 