Receiving Christ and Walking in Him. BT MBS. HAHPSON. " As ye have, therefore, rcceivetl Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in Hint"—Col. ii. C. My dear friends, many of you have a little ticket from me, little cards, and you have got a little verse upon it, a little text, in plain words, which are used by Paul— they are—"As ye have, therefore, received Christ Jesus the Lord, so waik ye in Him." Now, I want to talk to you to-night about this little verse, and bring out from that standpoint, from that basis of God's Word and truth, some little simple practical truths that you can keep, and take home with you, and think upon, and bring back to me to-morrow. Dear friends, that one sentence alone is so full of truth, precious truth, that we shall, to-night, only just have time to throw out some thoughts as God shall give them to us, ere we must close. And, dear friends, after that, if it is not fully laid bare, you can go home and find tliein out; the study will profit you. So you have preceived something — that something is the three words, Christ, Jesus, Lord. Just think of that now for one moment—all you who have received. St. Paul declares when he puts these three words together that all other knowledge sinks into insignificance beside the knowledge tliat lie had gained in Christ Jesus, of whom he speaks as Christ Jesus my Lord. He declares, too, in another place, that we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord. He says, further, God forbid tliat I should glory save in the Cross of Christ Jesus my Lord. Now, I want you, firstly, to realise what these three words convey, or at least a little of it. CHBIST. First, then, Paul speaks of Him as Ciirist, Christ the anointed, the sent One. He who came from God's heart and Heaven, who understands God's mind, knows God's counsels, who can take God's view of Scriptural truth, and bring it full before your minds. The Teacher, the precious Prophet, He who 6hall show you, not only the preciouB power and truth that shall sustain you always in your travels down here, and in the midst of trial and conflict, but the precious tidings that shall give you hope, and fill you full of joy and bliss unspeakable, full of glory. Christ! It is but one word. But, dear friends, when you go home, study it, and see how it will lead you. I want you to 6tudy it at home, dear friends, because I won't dwell long upon it here to-night, as I want to get to the two other words of the text, which will take up nearly all our time. Ah, yes, there is the word "Jesus." Oh! there never was such a fine word, such a noble word, as Jesus. There never was a word in the history of the world that was so mighty. His name shall be called Jesus, the Saviour, the hand that, reaching down from Heaven, was placed underneath my weight of guilt, my load of iniquity and misery, and gave me the assurance that Jesus had the power to remove the mighty load. The hand that could be held out, and never make me quiver nor afraid, and saved me from the effects of my load of sin, which rested upon me. Jesus, our Saviour, that rose and swayed the multitudes; and fell, and died! Jesus!—the Name that soothes, the Name that charms our fears away, the Name that brjngs light, glorious light, out of darkness, and life out of death. Dear friends, I was once in a storm, a great storm, at sea. It was a terrible storm, and we thought for some hours— as it lasted—tliat the ship we were in was going down, and we prayed. There was a great deal of prayer in the ship, and there was one thing that I remarked during those two or three hours of prayer—for I tell you we were two or three hours at prayer. The danger was so extreme that men laid full length on the floor of the vessel, and cried out for Jesus; roared for God to come to them. And I noticed one thing—that was, that the name of Jesus was so frequently used. Men cried out, Jesus! Men sobbed Jesus! Jesus! Jesus! It seemed as though it brought power nearer, ond that they could lay hold of Jesus easier than of the God that sent Jesus. Jesus! The very word brought soothing, brought balm, and comfort. JESUS. Dear friends, it was my lot once, a few years ago, to be down in Staffordshire, just an hour or so after a terrific gas explosion that had occurred in one of the coal mines there. It was an awful explosion, and seventysix bodies were buried by it under the ground. The men above were all alert, and alive, and full of heroism and hardihood, as they tried to save their comrades, and as they tried to go down and get from the flames the poor, roasted, mangled, charred remains of the unfortunate ones. Oh! as I looked upon the terrible havoc, my blood coursed cold in my veins. But, friends, there was one man who had been saved, who had been got from the heap of ruins—one of the poor unfortunates who was down in the mine at the time of the explosion. Only twelve were brought up alive, and this poor man was one of them. And he was brought home and put upon his bed. The state he was in I would not try to describe to you, it was so frightful. He was unconscious, he knew no pain; but he was talking all the while, wildly, as if he was in the midst of the tremendous calamity. And he was speaking as if trying to alleviate his suffering companions. " Now boys." he was saying, " Look, there is Sam, try and save him, and Jim, there, he is coming yonder, get him out!" And so he went on, without one bit of apparent suffering—thinking he was lost in the pit, and unconscious of what was going on around him. And his wife came to him and said, " John, John, don't you know me ? your own Nanny! Don't you know me ?" " No, I don't know you at all," was the answer. The son came, and said, "Father! Don't you know me ?" " No, John, I don't; who are you ?" And so others came, and he didn't know them. By-and-bye, I went to the bedside, and in a low, clear tone I said, "Friend, do you know Jesus?" Oh, yes, ye3," he said. "Yes!" he cried, springing up half-way from his pillow, and dropping down again, in his weakness, " Oh, yes! What a comfort! I do know Jesus. Bless Him. Yes! He saved my soul many months ago, and now He is going to take me to Heaven. Ah, yes ! and He has made me so happy; I never was so happy in my life." Ah! friends, out of those came an experience—the experience of six months of Christian life. That man had been a drunkard, and a poor, wretched one, before. An experience that would have chased the scepticism out of all the sceptics that are in this city to-night if they could have heard and seen what I heard and saw then. Ah! " I know Jesus !'* That is the name that can bring light into the eye, and hope into the dying heart. Tliat poor man—he didn't know his wife; he didn't know his son; but he did know Jesus. And, dear friends, you have received this Jesus; the precious name is yours. You, who have accepted Him, can look up into His face and say, " My Jesus; my Saviour." Oh, what a power there is in that one word "My." Ah! It is only a little cottage; your home, perliaps. But " it is my home," you say. " It is mine." It is your own, and that very fact makes it more precious to you than all the mansions else. And you husbands 6ay, " She is my wife" of her you love. No matter what she is to anyone else, " she is mine." And "my cliild," ye mothers say of your loved little one. Yes, there arc thousands of children in the universe, thousands of other children; but tliat one, that little child of inine stands out in bold relief, in grandest life. And what for? Because it is mine. And now, dear friends—you who have received Him, say, " Christ, the Lord, Jesus, He that saved me, He is mine; mine in all His grace and greatness, in all His power and love, all His life, His teaching, His death are mine. His glory, His mediatorial tenderness; it is mine." Oh! my young convert, write tliat mine in your heart. And live ever in Jesus, for He is a friend. CHBIST JESUS THE LOBD. And, then, Jesus is Lord. He is Jesus Christ, your Lord. Oh ! my friends, there are some that are saved, and they are glad to have a teacher, and a Saviour to get them out of sin's consequences ; but they do not seem to lay hold of the fuct that Jesus Christ is Lord. Now, if you accept Christ at all, accept a full Christ. Let Him become from this moment your King and Lord. If there is one thing more than another that is emphatically taught in this Book it is that Christ Jesus is Lord. We are told that His love was so great that He gave Himself up fully to the saving of men, that He did not leave the work half finished, that He became obedient even to the Cross. Therefore, God also hath highly exalted Him, and gave Him the name Jesus, a high and mighty name; that at the name of Jesus every knee shall bow. Yes, they shall. Your sceptic—my poor brother the sceptic, friends, he shall bow, and every tongue confess that Christ Jesus is Lord. Dear friends, you remember that one of the lowest offices that Christ Jesus ever performed—an act of humility tliat you and. I should take special notice of—was when He took a basin, and began to wash one of the disciples' feet, to anoint him. And how at that time He said unto him, the best of His disciples, " Ye shall call me Master, and Lord; and ye shall yearn ever to say that I am." And we have it from St. Paul, in his writings, where he said that the Lord came down to earth, and died, and rose again, carnally, in the flesh, that He might be an atonement for the world, tlie Saviour of tlie universe, a propitiator for the sins of the world ; that He might be the Lord of the dead and the living. And now, dear friends, you say you accept the Lord Jesus Christ as your King. But do not only accept in part, lake the trinity, Christ—Jesus — and Lord. Not only the love, and grace, and the salvation, but the power that shall turn your love of sin into hatred of 6in, the power that shall set you free from the thraldom of the chains of iniquity that still bind your members, the chains that press you down at night, and that you battle with day after day, that keep you down in awfCl bondage. None but Jesus can break those chains. It is Jesus alone that can set you free. Christ in you, a resident Christ, it is that we preach to you, dear friends. And now, friends, we are told by you, some of you, that you have received the Lord, that already you are in possession of Christ Jesus the Lord. Now I want to say a word or two about this receiving. Dear friends, you want to take hold of the trinity that is in Christ. Go to Him and ask Him for a full teaching. And to-night we want to know what receiving is. " Oh," you say, some of you, " that we know that; we know what receiving is. It is a thing of the greatest simplicity. We were thinking that we had some wondrous, some extraordinary thing, to struggle for; but we find that we have only to stretch out our arms and receive." Very well, then! You come not to learn. But remember, that you come naked and unclothed, vile and sinful; and see that you do not attempt to compromise or meet God half-way ; and that you do not seek to claim the glory. The very act of receiving makes God the great owner of grace in the eyes of all. He claims all the glory, and you, remember dear friends, are the poor sinners that with empty hands reeei%'e the great blessing that He bestows. My dear brothers and sisters, let us all take this lesson to heart. God's love it is that strikes from us our spiritual pride, that gives us Christian humility, and that would raise us from the vices that lay us low in the dust all our life through. We are the everlasting beggars of His mercy, tlie constant recipients, empty handed, asking aid often, and coming again and again to the Great Source, receiving health and strength in constantly recurring times of need j and we always receive without giving anything in return, without giving money—we receive all tlie blessing without price. Ah, let us remember this, dear friends, when the devil would cause us to think otherwise— when the devil would puff us up; when we take our place as workers, and the devil whispers, " You con do it well," and when he whispers empty praises in your ears, bear you in mind the humility whence alone comes the mighty power by which God can take hold of you to use you for His glory, for His work of kind redemption. Let us remember this, that we stand prominently before others as humble, earnest servants of Jesus tho Lord. Let us remember this as teachers, let us remember it as pastors, let us remember it as class leaders, as elders, as deacons, in our homes as parents. Let us remember it as mothers and fathers, as mistresses and servants, and as sisters and brothers. And, ah! my beloved, when any feelingof flattering would|reucli the heart, as itiB whispered outside, listen to the voice of humility that comes from •Jesus. Proud man, what would thou ? Unprofitable servant ever, whilst thou have not received the grace of humility. Receive it! Ye are always unprofitable servants until ye have it—never able to reach to that which is your duty, and to render to that great Benefactor whose wide open hand gives plenteously and continuously that service which he requires. You have received grace. Then let it humble you at the beginning of your Christian lives. Lie in the dust. Go out to Him empty handed, and you will receive more ; and the less of pride that remains in you the more room there is for you to receive the glorious Trinity—the love, the 33 owe r that is yours in Christ Jesus. A REAL CHRIST. And then, dear friends, the act of receiving JesuB snakes Him a reality to you. Ah ! the Lord Jesus is not real to the universe at large, not real to a great many. I mean that he is not real to those who believe the Bible witli their heads only, who understand that it is historically true that the Lord Jesus lived, and died ; "that He did wliat work is put down to Him, that He saved the world by His death from inevitable ruin, that He is the Lamb of God that taketh away the sins of •the world—I mean those who believe all this, but they never realise that He is their Saviour; they don't understand what it is to say, " He is mine." They have never grasped that fact. It is an unreal thing to them. He is not the power to them that lights up their eye, and strengthens them in the furnace of affliction, and in the face of death and the grave. But when you come •out from the world, single-handed and alone, and take jour place beside the Lord Jesus, led there by the power of the Holy Ghost, and set your own feet firmly in the path of thy Saviour, ah! then it is a very •different thing from the faith that you had before Jesus received you, and you received Him. Ah! Jesus grasped, understood, known; that is the thing. Do you isay "Nay! I cannot receive any tiling." "What do you mean ? Is it not a reality I tell you of ? Is it not real ? Perhaps someone offers me something. You •eay, " Here, Mrs. Hampson, take this." And I stretch out my hand to receive. But when I do so, you have nothing in it, and there is nothing to take. What does that mean ? Why it means a hoax, a deception, a wrong. .But was it ever so with Jesus ? Is it so with Him now P When the Lord Jesus comes, and He offers some of His .gifts, and He says, "Take tliis," does He offer you nothing ? Did anyone ever come up to Him, and look in His face, and "grasp a shadow? Ah! perish the thought. It could not be. Every human being that receives Him, they know they have grasped a reality, a reality that will stand when everjthing else has passed away like a dream, a vision. Friends, what have you got on earth that is real ? Think of it for a moment. What have you got ? Both saint and sinner this truth will reach. Upon what have you got to grasp ? Your friends P no, verily! They pass away sometimes without saying even, " good-bye." They go out and leave us in the morning, and are brought to us a dead tabernacle at night. Have you got a grasp upon your money ? no, verily ! For some of you know full well how it can take to itself wings, and fly; and so leave jou in poverty and want, and it will leave you in beggary, and there are those among you who are considered wealthy—who are looked upon as well-to-do in the •world; but what have you got to-night of real value ? Oh, look back, friends, upon this, and see what the worldly man had in his early life—the friends of his early life, the power of his early life. Ha! What •does he call them ? The promise of my boyhood, the •castles in the air that he built, and that had no foundation. What is his life in the past ?—a dream, a shadow, =a dream that had been awoke from, and gone, passed away like the passing of an evanescent shadow, flitting here and there. All, yes, the loved ones pass off and fly too; and we, though there are rocks on both sides, •andHlie chains of life that stretch acrosB for our safety, •ofttimes, when in the middle the chains break and let -us down. Yes, friends, and everything in the world is passing, passing, passing. But who is it tliat has got .-a reality ?—a reality that has stood the test of twenty, thirty, forty, fifty years, the same to-day as the day it was first held, or landed upon. My friends, every man and woman who has got Jesus, has got it. Jesus, an immutable power, an unchanging Christ that took charge of you half a century ago, and still clings to you. Jesus is a permanent reality. AN UNCHANGING CnBIST. And that old grey-haired saint will stand up to-night, there, if I ask him, in this great crowd, and say aloud that the Lord Jesus is the only thing who has 6tood still •during the tempest of years—everything else has gone, gone ; and perhaps I, the hoary-haired pilgrim, am left .alone, alone; and I, even I, am passing away. But Jesus 3ias never moved ; the same in His love, the same in His forbearance, the same in His tenderness, the same in His power, to-day as fifty years ago to me. His arm it is that has encircled me when every other arm has failed ; the power that has overshadowed and supported me when Nebuchadnezzar's furnace would have burned life and reason away. Ah ! the power of Jesus has overcome its ipowe'r to burn, and its name and heat have passed away like the silver streak of morn, and I am uninjured. And while I have been surrounded with sorrow, and the ills of bereavement and death, Jesus has stood, firm, the reality of my life. Yes, and He will be the reality of jour life, my young saint, my young believer, my lretle children. He is yours ; hold Him tightly. The Lord is fulness. See what He is, and rejoice that you have got that that can never be taken from you ; what hell cannot take from under your feet, and .what will last for time and eternity. Oh, is that going a little bit too much over the old ground for you ? Is it ? But let us .consider this. You know that when you present a gift to anyone, and that gift is accepted, it is no longer yours. You come, for instance, and say, " Mrs. Hampson, here, \ give you this," as regards something. And, dear friends, the very moment I grasp it, and say, " Thank jou," it is not yours any longer. It is mine. I can take' it to do what I like with it. I can take it home and put it away in a drawer, or away in the lavender box, and so make you sorry you gave it to me. I can take it, and put it by, and 6ay there it is; it is no use to me. Or, on the other hand, when something is given you, jou can take it and wear it, and put it in the very heart of your life. And so with your giffcj I can take it and wear it, and tell everyone you gave it to me. So, my dear, friends, the moment you'take Christ, and say "Thank jou," " Thanks be to God for His unspeakable gift!" that moinentHe is yours. And oh, I waa going to say Christ doesn't belong to God any longer; but He belongs to liim or her that has taken Him ; and the convert may exclaim, " He belongs to me! He is mine, and I am proud in the possession ; and I look right up into the Father's face, and I say ' It is Christ that was Thine, and now He is mine. I have received Him, and Thou shalt never hear the last of me."' And you say, " I won't put him in the wardrobe with my Sunday clothes, or keep Him between the backs of my Bible, and leave Him from meeting to meeting, or from Sunday to Sunday, and put Him by day after day so that nobody shall see that He is the light of my life, and that He is with me night and day. No. I will bring this great gift of the Father out in the very front of my life; it shall go with me into the street, and into the workshop, and stand with me at the anvil, and behind the counter. He shall go to the fields, and watch over my farming operations, while I plough and sow; and I will taie Him with me into service, as a Saviour amidst th£ thousand and one trials that are to be met with every day. Yes, I will take Jesus, and use Him, and with His aid bring pvaise and glory to God the Father. This I •will do, that those who know me will certainly know that I possess Him and intend to make a boast of Him, both as my Teacher, Saviour, Lord." Yes, dear Christians, He is your possession. The Lord ! how wealthy is He. Try it, test it, and see how wealthy you are, dear friends, in Jesus Christ. If Jesus is mine, shall you ever call me pauper ? While I know God's grace, shall you call me poor ? Nay! He is my possession; and while I have Him, I can say to everything else " go !" and I can smile and rejoice, no matter what weight of woe is before me. There was a poor woman once in Toxtcth Park who had lost her husband, and was in a state of great sorrow and lamentation, and she seemed as if she would sink down entirely under the burden of her grief, sink down until her reason should leave her. Sbe could not smile; she could not shake off the load and take comfort. And yet she was a Christian of twenty years standing, and the people round about the neighbourhood feared she would lose her life through suffering so much. And her friends came to me and said, " Go and see heiy^llrs. Hampson j you have gone through trouble and trial, go and try to comfort her. You have drank the cup of bereavement and sorrow to the bottom, go, please, and try and see what you can do with her." WILL YOU SELL CHRIST ? I went, and I saw this poor woman, and spoke to her and grieved with her, and we both sobbed together; and, oh, it seemed as if nothing would touch the deep sorrow that was in her, and stop the torrent of tears that were her only source of relief. One day I said to her—" Mrs. Parker, it seems that Jesus has not done much for you in the midst of all these afflictions. He has sent this affliction to do its work. But it is impossible that the Lord Jesus does not stand beside you while it lasts. Dear woman, the world is saying you have not got much of Him, and that He has not helped you mueh as you passed through this sorrow. Now I have not got more than you. Let me ask you to sell me some—let me buy Him of you. You don't seem to use Him. What will you take ? Do sell me some ? I can use His grace if you sell me some. I can use it." And sbe looked at me. Ah! I took out my purse, and was taking out the money to buy Jesus Christ, to buy some of what she had and didn't seem to use. And she gazed at me; she stared at me for what seemed a period of five minutes. And then her eyes changed expression for a moment; at last, suddenly, she stretched out her arm, and grasping the purse from my hand sbe took it and hurled to the other end of the ground. And she clasped me, she put her arms around me and said " Oh, sister, I would not part with Jesus for all the weight of gold you could give me —for the weight of ten thousand worlds. Little as He appears to have been to me; terribly as I have abused Him, I would not barter away wliat I know of Him. No! No!" and down on her knees she confessed that Jesus had been left behind by her while she sorrowed, she liad not thought of Him sufficiently. And she clasped me nearer, and she rejoiced more in the absence of her earthly goods, her earthly possessions, than ever she had in its presence. She remembered that Jesus Christ was hers, and was comforted. Ah, yes, dear Christians, Jesus is yours. Do not forget it. On one occasion, at a place where I lived, a lady took food into the house of a poor old woman who needed it. And there was an old cracked cup in the house with a drop of soiled water in it, and a crust of bread, all hard and dirty. This was all the poor woman had. And the great lady said to the poor creature, " Ob, my friend, is this all you have got ?" And the poor woman turned around at the question, and she looked up into the bright eyes of the lady, and she said, " Madam, all that, and Jesus too." Oh, yes my friends she turned the words upside down, you see, and that is what Jesus does. The world says " Is that all ?" and the Christian, in the strength of faith, says " All is Jesus." Ah! yes, Jesus is all, and He can give you all— He, the Lord, the Giver of good things, who would have made the water sparkle like wine, and the bread good to look at, and to the taste. All! my friends, take Him ; take His grace and bind it 011 thine heart. It is thine; suffering is Miine, to comfort and sustain thee—thine in the morning, ancl at night; thine in youth, and in the time of hoary hairs; thine in the sunshine, and thine in the storm; it is thy possession, good Christian, inalienably tlune. It is registered us thine by the Father, God •Himself. And now, friends, Paul declares "That a9 you have received Christ Jesus, the Lord, so that He is no longer a myth—the imaginary thing of some mind ; but that He is a real Saviour, that lives in the heart, that He is a real possession, so walk you even in Him." (To be continued.) 