f Our Property-Man's Daughter. A PANTOMIME RALLY. Br P. L. M. Christmas time has come again ! Old Father Christmas —and, as a matter of course, his inevitable senile attendant Old Father Pantaloon, comes toddling after him. In the present instance 1 happen to be Old Father Pantaloon. Somehow or other about this season of the year 1 generally do happen to impersonate tbat utterly imbecile, but mis chievously inclined, old party. In fact I may say that the most legitimate successes I bave ever made were as a panta loon. I was at Muddleborough, in New Zealand, when [ made my first essay in that department, a dozen years or se ago. You know Muddleborough? No? Well, never mind— you wouldn't be greatly benefited if you did know that somnolent, stupid little town. However, there we wer» at the Theatre Royal, and 'Harlequin King Grimgobbler and the Pearly Peri of Perennial Peerlessness ' was (or were shouldit be r) the order of the day, or rather night. Everything went with encouraging smoothness down to the last rehearsal when suddenly old Kedoker, our pantaloon (that was to ha ra been), leceived a legacy of £300 from some relative in the old country.. Well, you see, this wasn't much of a ben, to hint in the long run ; for he went upon the spree for several con secutive days. He came to rehearsal drunk : bnt after all tbat didn't matter much. Then he made violent love to tha columbine ; but her husband was an old chum of poor Neddy's, and knew it was his way when liquor was in bo that didn't matter much. But, by way of a laughable after piece, he challenged the manager, Mr. De Granville Cri kej mo, to a pugilistic combat, and made sarcastic remarks | about his (Mr, D. G. C.'s.) physiognomy and ancestry. Mr De Granville Crikeymo couldn't stand that at all ; for he [ was very vain in regard to his personal appearance, eni wore a gold chain by comparison with which that sported by Le Balefre, the Scottish Archer of Louis XI.'s guard, wag a ! mere gimcrack. So Mr. fiedoter was assisted outside by a [ brace of superB and a stage carpenter ; and, to make a lone sfory fhort, I had to be the ' old 'un ' of the evening and of the rest of the eeason ; for, rather liking the novelty of the thing, I went in hard, and made a very pilpable hit But I can tell you I've regretted it ever since ; tor somehow the business has stuck to me. It's all very well to go toddling upon the stage with a crutch, and to observe, with the manner and tone of a dotard drivelling into second childhood, How are ver ? I'm EOglad to see yer;' and then to be knocked flat by the ciown and appear miserable until pulled up bv the back and kicked into vitality again. But, to brgin with, I'm not an old man at all, but a strapping robust fellow, not much on the wrong {?ide of 30, with thews and sinews like to an ancient Roman ? snd it's pretty rough on one to be ballooned about without libertyotretort. Why X declare, when theclown rubs me with a counterfeit presentment of a redhot piker, all the time I'm howling ' Oh ! oh ! oooch I dont and people are laugh ing at me, I'm raging to snatch the poker up, and start a Dot nybrook Fair with it. And i f you think it's pleasant to get into a box, and put your head between the lid and the top, whilst the clown site on the lid, you're very much mistaken ; he only makes bcli. ve, to b*e sure, but still I don't like it. Then whenever tbe c'own gets a knock-down blow, doesn't he always pay me out for it wi;h interest ; and isn't the last laugh blwaye against mo V Of course it is. At d whenever a tiadesman wnnfs to hire a boy, ' with good calves' (which joke 6ignally fails in my ease, for my calves are good, and I can't make them ariythingelse). don't I bave to apply for it, and get very severely trounced :' And whenever the clown and I play cards, or go shooting, doesn't the down get all the laughter, and I all the blows - Of course I do. And when the policeman goes to arrest tho clown, in nine cases out of ten ne arrebts me by mistake; then my head hasjto be cut off, or something equally un pleasant takes plare; but the ultimate ^result, namely, a beating, is invariably the same. It's very little consolation either that I get a chance occa sionally to serve out a supeor make senile overtures of love to the girls with the huge bandboxes (which are stolen by the clown) as they walk across the stage. The culmination of matters is never satisfactory from a personal point of view. And when I filch a fish or humbug a ham off a tray, the clown always snatches it from me and slapB me over the face wiihit. It's a dead swindle. So that upon the whole Christmas is not a particularly happy season for me, except when ' the ghost walks ' (in other words, on pay-day) ; and, although I appear to have made a reputation in the charac ter, 1 can't say 1 like it. However, one has to take Dr. Watt's advice and not let one's ' angry passions ' get.tbe better ; in fact, as the wicked coblcmanjremarks inthe melodrama, 'wemustdissemble.' It wasthrougbnottakingDr. Watt'sadvice, though, that I onco got inlonoend of a row and made a greater sensation than ever pantaloon made before, I do believe. It happened three or four years ago at the Theatre Royal, Blanktown, in a neighbour i ing colony— it doesn't matter here, but I'll tell you all about it, and if you think it worth your while you may publish the story in your Christmas number. Of course, thore was a woman in the case ; there always is whenever any mischief's brewing. In this instance it was the columbine, Signora Stella Cherito. Let me see ; the pantomime was ' Princess : Sacbariesa and the Big Bosscockie, or the Demon Dummy of the Sanguinary Selection' — yes, tbat was it. Signora Stella Cherito was the prettiest little fairy that ever sported her v ineome figure ou the boards — or off them for that matter. There was a natural grace and unartificial elegance characterising her entire appearance. Her neck, long and taperir g, arched superbly, supporting a well-shaped head 1 with that graceful bend which the stalk of the tulip displays. She had a nice oval countenance, high forehead, small I rosebud of a mouth, and deep melting blue eyea shaded by dark brown lashes. Then her complsxion —oh, she didn't need hare's foot or pearl powders, I can tell you. For her ekin had the satin- like freshness of the camellia with the pure tint of the rose. She was crowned by a flood of rich, wavy, chestnut tresses— all her own, you know— oh yes, I'm certain of it. Then just think of a figure that might have served as a model for a sculptor. Ah well ! I needn't tell you that I fell in love with Sig nora Stella Cherito ; and well I mieht, for surely never such a columbine tripped before the lights, before or since. It was her debut too ; her very first appearance on the boards, though she had been in training some time. Her father's namq^was Scantling, and he was our pro perty -man, though according to his own showing he was intended for nothing less than the highest walks of tragedy, but had been.blighted somehow in his aspirations. How such a genius descended to base mechanical handicraftship I don't know ; but so it was. He was a tall imposing gen tleman, who in his deportment was a sort of blend between old Mr. Turveydrop (of ' Bleak House'' fame) and ' Brown the Tragedian'' of the comic ballad. He really possessed the loudest voice and most imposing presence of any gentleman I ever knew. He used to wear very tight trousers and a j .wig and (when not professionally engaged) a frock-ooat | somewhat rusty about the joints. He shaved clean, ana he had a Bardolphian nose and an eye that pierced you. As a matter of course, Mr. Scantling wasan object of reverential I interest to me— for was he not the parent of my adored , one? I therefore squandered many shillings in refresh ments lor him at the bar of the Royal Blanktown Arms , for, to say sooth, Mr.Scantling was somewhat of & end/like the gentleman referred to in ' Don Juan,' None loveid more to heat himself converse.*' Elocution was ms hobby. By degrees our reunions at the bar became pretty punctual, and after sundry libations he never failed to launcu into his favourite theme.* , . , ' The art^of elocution,' he would observe, in sepulcnrai tones, ' ranks in the first class. By it man is enabled to communicate his ideas to his fellow-man with appropriate emphasis, gesture, and force. It is of no consequence wha a man says, provided he says it properly. It is the same in literatoor. Style is much superior to sense. The exacting character of life is such that nowadays men can t ajtoru time for thought. So that, both with the oral and wrnwn communication of ideas, thought is subsidiary to style, familiar language, I may say, a fellow may_ speas 1 greatest rot if he speaks it with elooutionary effect ; ana shall influence the world more than the utterance of . soundest sense and noblest thoughts if delivered wltn elocutionary adornment. I see that you conceive me, J dear young friend. I will trouble you' (he would ma] es cally add) 'to riDg for more refreshment,'' . Which, I wid pail for. An4 ao by degrees I at®0 jtfeh in Mr. Scantling's good opinion. And by Jove, sir, ^sometimes I think when 1 read speeches of some of those jras-blowiDg men in the colonial Legislature that there was g good deal of method in our old property-man's platitudes .sfter all. However, this is a digression, and vou naturally wish to inqnire how I succeeded 'With the bewitching daughter, Signora Stella Cherito. Not very well. Tl'ou see the position was eo incon gruous. There was I by daylight a not unprepossessing loung fellow (though I say it myself) and by gaslight a loitering maundering old driveller, with a beard like a goit, and A crutch stick fitted for a cripple chronically gone in both legs— knocked about hither and thither, the mocked, derided, and belaboured of all. How could such a girl as Signora Stella Cherito regard me with anything but deri sion ? — at least so 1 thought. Of course she knew me as I really was by daylight ; but somehow that didn't seem to .v-pnd matters much. Mr. Scan time, with all his approba tion of my patient attention to his rhodomontade, never me to his lodgings ; no more did his daughter. I don't know why. I confided my passion to Tom Nummer, our down, who seemed puzzled with the case as I put it; but his only consolation was to ' win her, or perish in the attempt.' He also suggested a double murder and suicide as an agreeable way of getting rid of any rival that 1 might have and finishing the matter at tbe same time. He would do it himaelf, he emphatically averred. So I believe he would ; for a more lugubrious melancholy chap than Tom Nummer waB in private life I never saw. Somehow, though, his view of the case did not exactly square with my own. I was too fond of Stella to desire to do her any harm ? atd I'm not quite sure that I wasn't too fond of myself to desire to do my sibship any harm. So there it was, you see. But in regard to the rival. Now that was a fellow styling himself Monsieur 'Vespertilio Vestris (his real name was Fludge), eur ' Patchy ' or harlequin during the season. Naturally he loved little Stella ; that was inevitable. Un fortunately like myself he was a bachelor, and a rising man in tbe 'pro.j' and therefore when he began to pay her his addresses he had all the advantage. That is, 1 mean, from the stage situation. He was neither so tall nor (I flattered myself) so well figured and well featured as 1 ; but then what a disparity there was between us in the evenings. 'Whilst he was arrayed in a brilliant costume which suited veil his pliant fip-ure, and had but to whirl round our en slaver on her nimble toes, and ' take the stage ' and elude the clumsy efforts of ' Joey'' and myself to detain him, and elap us both with his wand, and knock us both down, and so forth, there was I, histrionically, a contemptible old dotard, fit for nothing except to be made a butt off ! I can tell you it was rough ! And this execrable vampire saw the absurdity of the thing I was sure, and contrived in a thousand little ways to expose me to the scorn and derision of Stella. 1 was convinced of it. Else why did she always laugh so merrily whenever by an insidious whisper Mon sieur 'Vespertilio directed her attention to me ? It is im possible for a woman to love a fellow whom another slaps and cuffs at will. It's too absurd, even when only miming. And that this contemptible outlaw thoroughly realised this, and slapped me with unnecessary vigour and frequency, I was quite convinced. To be sure it was only a leather wand, and didn't hurt anything to speak of, but the moral effect was just the same. At last matters came to a crisis. In thisjway. It chanced that one evening, on my way to the theatre, 1 passed by a florist's where 1 noticed there was a profusion of beautiful roses. It occurred to me that this might be a favourable opportunity of creating a diversion in my favour. The gift of a flower with a neatly turned compliment has very fre quently operated potently in a man's favour — that is, if both the flower and the compliment are offered at a suitable opportunity. I accordingly purchased a beautiful red rose just epeiiing from the bud en a spray, with a leif or two at tached ; and upon arriving at the theatre awaited a favour able opportunity to present my tribute to the fascinating debutante. Cut whether she arrived late or not I don't know ; certain it is that I saw nothing of her until shortly before the transformation scene. You will recollect that we did not appear until after the burlesque opening, which as usual played during the greater portion of the evening. Shortly before our time to ' go on,' I saw Miss Stella at the wing conversing with Vespertilio, who apparently was urging something with extreme earnestness. Consuming with jealousy I drew near, and — well, well, there's no doubt I was extremely spoony and ridiculous— strained my ears to overhear their' conversation. V ery mean, wasn't it t After all— love and war, you know. ' I can't possibly give you an answer now,' the girl was .saying as I approached ; ' perhaps 1 3 -morrow ? ' ' To-morrow,' ejaculated my rival ; ' but why not decide at once P Surely you are the Best judge in such a matter ?' ' I cannot, this is too abrupt, ' she replied ; ' besides, my father might object, and ? ' I could not hear the remainder. It was evident that M. Vestris was proposing, and judg ing by her demeanour was by no means likely to prove an -unsuccessful wooer. It might perhapB seem an odd occasion to choose ; but to admit the truth old Scantling watched his pretty little daughter closely, and kept her well under his paternal wing, so that opportunities of paying one's addresses did not occur very frequently, and any occasion which might present itself had to be availed of. Scarcely knowing what I did, 1 walked up to them, flower in hand, and stood irresolutely, looking, 1 am sure, in my bizarre costume the picture of dotage. ' Hallo, old 'un !' cried out the harlequin, 'what's the matter with you ? And what's the bi z with the flower 'i Is it a ' prop' for a new trick of your own invention r' Now why should headdress me as ' old 'un'r' We were not before 'the footlights then ; but of course (at least my imagination so distorted the matter) this was done to bring me into contempt before Stella, who laughed merrily at the idea of the '? old 'un' and the rose. I disdained reply. ' I brought it for yon, Signora' (we all called her so), I muttered, vainly endeavouring to recal a pretty sentiment I had been studying. Oddlyenough,nothingbuttheold ballad 'My love is like the red, red rose' occurred to mejuBt tben ; and I accordingly quoted the first line. ' 'What d'ye say ? you love to havea red, rednose ?' So you do, old fellow, or least you seem to be cultivating one if whisky'll do it ! ' ThiB from Vespertilio. Here was . a pretty anti- climax! Miss Stella laughd more than ever. 41 There, don't look angry, old 'un,' added he besides I've got a rose for Signora, too— a white one.' He disappeared and returned almost simultaneously with a white rose, which he handed to Stella, observing that ' this was a new edition of the Wars of the Roses.'' She accepted the flower with a pretty smile and an appreciative glance. A fow minutes afterwards we were all before the audience. The first thing I observed was that Stella had placed the white rose in her hair ! That was enough. Of course that indicated acceptance of my rival— at least so I construed it. How 1 got through the imbecility allotted to me to fulfil, I don't know. I suppose I managed it somehow, for the harlequinade appeared to proceed as usual; but my brain -flwam, and I played my part as one in a haze — so deeply do the wounds rankle which are inflicted by the blind archer — that is, I mean, Cupid. At length we arrived at a portion of the ' business ' whereia -I was seated upon the stage beside the clown affecting to share aome Blunder, the proceeds of a burglary in which we had been jointly concerned. Of course my accomplice, the clown, was swindling me egregioUsly, and of course I had io affect to be his dupe ; but my mind wasn't in it. I was watching^-Stella and the harlequin, who were earnestly con versing at the wing. Suddenly the latter waltzed upon the stage, and (as it was his province to do) struck the clown and myself with his wand. He slapped me three or four times -with ostentatious and exasperating dexterity, and finally (but this may have been accidental) struck me over the head. I wasn't master of myself at this moment ! I wasn't indeed. Leaping to my feet like a bouncing-ball, Isnatched the wand from his hand, and flung it away, and ' went _ for him ' in right good earnest—' one, two, three,' straight out from the ehoulder. Thus taken bv surprise, he seized the first article that presented itself, ana which happened to be a huge ' property ' fish, which he endeavoured to use both as a shield and a weapon of aggression. Never was seen so undignified a combat even as an interlude to a pantomime. But now comes the element of absurdity in the fsse ! that is, if any thing absurder had been required — which it was not. Whatever prompted them I don't know, but a couple of supers at the wing, seeing what was going on, apparently came to the conclusion that this was the signal for a ' rally.' Accordingly one of them taking a hod of 'property' bricks, and the* other a basket of 'property' j vegetables, they rushed on from opposite sides, and emptied » ?Uicic burdens over the harlequin aud mytclt aud poor Nummer, the clown, who was vainly endeavouring to separate us. As if this had been the preconcerted cue, all the supers came on and engaged in the customary scuffle, and by way of encouraging them the bewildered orchestra, not knowing what to make of this sudden innovation upon the programme, struck up the usual music for a 'rally' or pantomime free fight. This it became in more sens as than one, for the supers, seeing such a display of science on the part of the leading actors, set to work in good earnest to emulate their example. Thus blows began to circulate right ? rigorously ; missiles whirled through the air, 'and gore ('twas fromtlie nose) began to flow.' The women screamed, and the audience yelled, whistled, and ironically applauded. Bv way of a wind-up a wild Irishman, named O'Regan, who was one of our scene-shifters (and who had probably been indulgingin a monologue on the whisky-bottle) became suddenly pugnacious, and seizing a club rushed into the scrimmage, and used it shillelagh fashion indiscriminately upon the simple principle that wherever there was a head in the way he hit it. At length, the curtain was lowered upon a scene of discord only paralleled by the scuffle at the inn where Don Quixote and the others all fell to blows about the barber's packsaddleand basin. We all looked pretty ' quizby ' next day, for scarcely one had come off without a black eye or a cut face. Vesper tilio accused me of having committed a brutal and unpro voked assault upon him ; but he clearly had no right to smite me over the head. Besides, you see, the manager couldn't give us all 'the bag,' it would have stopped the piece ; and one seemed just as much to blame as the other. So the end of it was that we were all fined, severely abused, and sent to our business. There was a tremendous pit and gallery audience next night. I suppose they expected another free fight. They were disappointed. After all we were a precious set of noodles. Pretty Miss Stella had no more notion of engaging herself matrimonially to the harlequin than she had to me ; and so she told me a day or two afterwards, when I declared my passion. She rejected me just as tranquilly as she had rejected Vestris ; and as for the flowers -why, if jealousy hadn't blinded me, I should have observed,that she had placed the red rose in her bosom, intending just as much significance to be attached to that circumstance as to the placing of the other rose in her hair— and that was nil. She married a wealthy young squatter long afterwards, andretired from the ' pro.' alto gether. By the way, old Scantling gave a supper on the occasion, and indulged in tbe practical joke ot placing all the ' property ' goblets, fruits, on the table, and making believe that was all he had for us. When we were retiring in disgust, however, he ordered in a proyer supply, and a rare jollification we had, to be sure ! The last thiog I recollect was Vespertilio and myself embracing and asseve rating that each of us rather preferred the other to liis own Irotlier ? 