BNTHRONEMENF'O^BISnljPj "" . '.""SANDFOÜDÍ,,,} \- I li I, J_:_1_V 'shy silent I"' Yesterday' was' a"'rc'd-lottoVJ'day in the history, of ' the, Anglican" Church in! this colony. In the morning St. David's Cathe- dral was, crowded by perhaps the largest congregation over'gaílíored together within the sacred edifice those present having as 'enabled to witness the', installation and en? throne-room' of tlip'ltigjit'ltev. Daniel fox Sari(Iford,'D.D., the newly appointed Bishop of. Tasmania. The arrangements made for the comfort and convenience of those desirous of seeing. the ceremony performed were excellent, and they were successfully carried out under the direction of Dean Bromby and the churchwardens, assisted by several willing helpers. The vast congregation began to 1911 the building shortly before 10 o'clock. Those that had taken the precaution to provide themselves with tickets, issued on application to members of the Church of England, were admitted into the Cathedral, through the south, organs and-vestry doors, between a quarter to 10 o'clock and a quarter past that hour, and were thus enabled to monopolise the greater portion of the sitting accommodation, and to obtain the best seats some time before the general public were permitted to enter, a Certain pews in the have had been reserved for clergy, members of Parliament, synodsmen, and representatives of the Press. The names of the clergy and synodsmen are given below; but; it may here be mentioned that the following members of Parliament availed themselves of invitations to be present The Hon. J. S. Dodds,' Mr W. Belbin (Mayor of Hobart), Messrs. Scott, Pillinger, Lotto, Shoobridge, WHAT. Brown Lamb, C. B. Grubb, Hart, Burgess Dooley. E. L. Crowther, Bird, Rooke, Guesdon, Brock, and Douglas, Mrs. Sandford and family occupied the pew immediately behind those set apart for members of Parliament. Whilst j seats were being secured by ticket-holders,' Mr. Packer played two voluntaries on the organ, namely, Cnorubini's Ave Marin, and Mendelssohn's " O Rest in the Lord." Meanwhile, the canons had assembled with the Bishop, at the Deanery, and the other clergy, the choir, 'lay synodsmen, entreat Hauley'arooms, Macquarie- street ' Between half-past 10 and a quarter to 11 o'clock,! they all proceeded to the cathedral, and their entrance by the south door was the signal for the congregation to rise from their seats, and join in singing the hymn " Onward, Christian Soldiers, as the procession wended its way up the centre of the nave. First came the undermentioned synodsmen Messrs. O. Butler, E H. Butler, R. J. Lucas, M.H.A., W. C- Sharland, Robert Clerke, C. F. Collier, John Hamilton, J!. Swan, Charles Elliston, E. C. Shaw, B. Shaw. C. p Abbott, AlbortReid, W. Turner, B. T Solly. and H. W. Ferrally. These were succeeded by Mr. James Barnard (lay member of the chapter), Mr. R. P. Adams (church advocate), choristers, lay clerks, and the following clergy Reys. J. C'. Whall (acting precentor), A. Martin, J. V. Buckland, J. Gray, T. McDowall, CAW. Power, J. C. Dodwell, H. R. Finnis, J. K. Wilmer, J. Evans, J. H. W. Geiss", F. B. Sharland, W. F. Mitchell, H. Hugill, E. H. Thompson, G. W. Shoobridge, C. Vaughan, G. Archer, J. Clampett, A. Wayn, Gi J. Brammall, Ai JBwkway. J. Chambers, W; W.' F." Murray, R. D. Poulett-Harris, J. Dixon, S. B. Fookes, and E. Dobson. Then pains, in the order named, the Rev. Canon Banks Smith, Mason, Adams, Brownrigg,! and "Hudspith, followed by Dean Bromby, 'Arch deacon Hales (the administrator), Rev. Canon Bailey (the Bishop's diocesan chaplain)) Rev. J. B. Woollnough (the Bishops domestic chaplain),. Bishop Sandford, and Rev. M. C. Mace (deputy-registrar). The lay synodsmen seated themselves in the pows near the pulpit, whilst the pews and chairs in front of them were taken, possession of by some of the clergy, others finding similar accommodation in front of the pews placed at the disposal of members of Parliament on the other side of the nave. The Bishop, was conducted to a sent in the chancel. By this time the cathedral was filled to overflowing, nor ticket holders having been admitted through the west door. So great was the crowd which had been waiting in Murray-street, that many persons were unable to gain an entrance into the building, which was not nearly large enough to hold all that wished to take part in the service. Prayers were said by the Rev. J. C. Whall, whilst the first lesson (Isaial^xl., 1, to 12 was read by the Rev. Canon Bl owning, and the second lesson (2 Tim. ii., to v. 23) by the Rev. Canon Banlui-fjiinith.r The musical portion of the service (Dykes in F was well sustained by a special choir of about 40 voices. Mr. Packer, of course, presided at the organ. When the usual prayer for Parliament had been offered up, Archdeacon Hales said the following collect:--" O'l'bou' Good Shepherd of the sheep, Who j hast gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, assist with thy heavenly grace nil Bishops and Pastors that they may lead Thy people into good pastures and "bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. And for this Thy servant who has been invested with tlioolhcoof a Bishop, we pray that it may, please Thee to grant him such strength of faith and fervour of love and purity of life that he may use his office well. So we, that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever: who with the Father and the Holy Ghost livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen." Hymn 353, commencing " Oh, Thou' who makes souls the simm", having been sung, the Bishop delivered to the Administrator (Arch- deacon Hales) his Letters Commendatory from the Archbishop of Canterbury, and requested installation in the office to which he had been appointed by His Grace and the Bishops in England selected for that purpose. The Administrator handed the documents to the deputy-registrar (Rev. J. C. Mace), by whom they were read aloud. The Bishop then made the following declaration :-" I, Daniel fox, Bishop of Tasmania, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Church and diocese, and to rule desirous with the! justice, and charity, not lording it over Goers heritage, but endeavouring to show myself in all things an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper, Amen." A copy of this declaration, signed by the Bishop, was presented by him to the Administrator, who there- upon took the Bishop by the right hand, I and conducted him to the throne within the altar rails, and afterwards said, " In the name of God, amen. By virtue of my office as Administrator of this Diocese, and in behalf of the Dean and Chapter and of the Synod of Tasmania, I,' francis Hales, Bachelor of Arts, do induce the, Daniel Fox Sandford, Doctor of Laws, into the occupation of the See and Diocese of Tasmania, and therewith do ills tal- then into the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop of this Sea in accordance with the Acts and Resolutions of the Synod of this Dioceses The choir then sang the exceedingly appropriate anthem, "How lovely are the messengers," after which the Bishop approached the altar, and proceeded with the ' celebration of the Holy Communion. The Epistle (I Tim. iv.', lil) was read by the rev. ' Canon Mason and the Gospel (St. John xxi., 15,10, 17) by the Rev. Canon Adams. After the Nicene Creed, hymn 215, commencing, " The Church's one foundation is Jesus Christ the Lord," was sung. The Bishop, who was then conducted to the pulpit by Canon Bailey, preached the sermon. ' He said t' In the 17th chapter of the Gospel according to St. John, and in the 20th and 21st yeras. it.is written, "Neither pray I for these alone, but for them I also which shall believe on me through their word, that they all may be one, as Thou, Father, art' in me; and I in Thee that they also may be one in us, that the world may believe that Thou has sent me." I am here to-day, dear brethren, in simple obedience to what 1 believe to have been a call from God. This conviction alone could have induced me to undertake the duties and re, Bponslbllitips,iipw formally entrusted to me by the -'solemn act of. installation you have juMt-sHtnoeêed." That act completes . the formalities. usually observed on Buchan ,'Xi.'» ill occasion. It is the acceptance by the ecclesiastical authorities of the diocese of the Lideed and certification of my appointment to the bishopric of Tasmania as valid and suffer , dent But the canons and principles of the, 1 early Christian Church require further the I " consensus plebis" the assent of the faithful laity, duly and publicly given, in order to ported and render effectual and binding the I acts and determinations of synodical authority, and this the presence and sympathy of the large representative congregation I am now addressing, assembled to-day in the cathedral and mother church, not of Hobart alone, but of the whole diocese, happily, if less formally, supplies. And so the link which now binds me to this church and diocese, and to you, dear brethren and friends, is threefold-a cord not easily or lightly to be broken, uniting us, I trust, in mind, and heart, and will, as bishop, clergy, and people, making us indeed one body in Christ, according to our blessed Lord's intercession and pi ayer,-" As Thou, Father, art in me and I in Thee, that they also may be one. in us, that the world may believe that Thou hast seen Me." The ago in which we live seems specially to need the witness of this unity among; professing Christians. It is essentially a time of doubt, enquiry,' and speculation, on the one 'hand; of positive denial and unbelief on the other. The waves of thought and feeling do not spend or exhaust themselves till ploy have passed overseen the most distant lands. Faith 'is shipwrecked, souls are disquieted, entitled lonely bush, by the selfsame cause as was at work in the crowded city. We must expect inability and refusal to believe, vVhoii the very teachers and disciples of tho'trut'i.uio; diynlcd.and at variance, when the religion of Love, speaking to us of God, who is love,' reading the cross, which is the symbol of love, endeavours and strives to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace, but fails to do so. We are apt to search diligently and anxiously for the causes of such wide spread scepticism as that to which I handed ferred. My brethren they lie very near. us. The world receives no such evidence of the mission and doctrine of tho Lord Jesus Christ as was intended and is - necessary, because of the discords and divisions of Chi aston dom. Have we any part or share in this i hindrance in the way of men coming to the knowledge and belief of the truth? That is a solemn inquiry which we should all put to ourselves, as clergy and as people. I Our church organisation and life are intended to be the manifestation to the world of this unity for which the Lord Jesus Christ prayed. Hence the value and interest of such occasions as he nig these into prominence and bold relief : hence, too, the importance and necessity of such an office as gathers up and embodies in itself the various elements of which the whole body is Composed and is the centre and principle of-union and cohe- sion among its members and this is what by the mercy and goodness of God, we possess in the episcopacy.. It is tons the visible source and emblem of order and government, the unifying power that com- pletes and keeps together the whole sun itual organism, but this can only i be when the somewhat high- sounding, and, as some think shadowy and imaginative theory is translated into a simple, practical, living fact. And,' here, dear brethren, is the problem which you and I, in our several duties and mutual relations., are set - to- solvers- this mere theory ? Is it a dream of mysticism, or is it a reality?' Can it be made a factor in the busy practical, unromantic life of this! nine teeth century ? Can . harmony and agreement in faith and practice, sympathy and co-operation in all that is good, forbearance. and consideration and love, flourish and abound amid the varied temperaments and characters, the differences of opinion and feeling, of habit and association, which render individuality so marked' and distinctive q even within the limits of common human nature? The question is not' one for-psychologists,' still less can it be left to be dealt with by conjecture. You and I, dear brethren) I repeat are here to solve it to solve it in our daily lives, in our various acts, in our obedience of our disobedience to the now commander ment which our Lord and Master has enjoined upon us-that, who love one another, for, if we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and wcaroono,evon as, Ho (Is One; as the Lord Jesus Christ says '" I in Thee and Thou in Me, that they may be made perfect in one, that The world may know that Thou hast sent Me and hast loved them as Thou hast (loved me." Our service to-day further prompts the consideration of the purpose for which we are set as an ecclesiastical organisation in this colony. It is not, we may be sure, to live for ourselves alone, gratifying, our own peculiar tastes in ritual or in worship, narrow and exclusive in brains and ideas, both social and religious. I believe that the church to which, we belong has a great mission and a great future hero, j as elsewhere, throughout the whole world with the open Bible, and the Book of Common Prayer, both in the language familiar and endeared to the English speaking race ; with her duly commissioned' "ministry, in its three-fold order, and her valid . sacraments,! administered according to the will and, ordinance of the Lord Jesus Christ; with her simple acceptance and proclamation of the Gospel of His grace and salvation, neither fettered nor overlaid by needless definitions and restrictions, or by the glasses of modern refinement ; with the freedom of thought and variety and elasticity ' of service and of ritual allowed within the wide and tolerant scope of her formularies; with her faithfulness to primitive teaching and to Catholic principles ; with her power of adaptation to the august fabric and requirements of a cathedral,' and the simplicity and, even bareness Ofaiinissión-room^or, still moreover power of adaptation to tlio.'higiiail lately led and the most simple and unlettered man to the needs and culture of the city, and the more simple forms and circumstances of life in the bush ; there need be no limit to her influence, her usefulness, for ' acceptance. Fixed and stable in her creed and her principles, at the same time capable of expansion and improvement in her system and in action, touching with one hand the ages of the past, as she draws from them teaching and suggestion and' example and with the other the thought and culture of the present day, as she strives to heaven and mould them, and bring them under obedience to Christ, alone has scope and work for very mind and disposition, for all energy and enthusiasm, for devotion, and self-denial, and self-sacrifice, in all the wisest and nicest permissible forms. She might' be please God she may yet be a praise and a blessing on the earth. But only if we, limit ministers, and people, are faithful to the spirit of her Master's teaching, faithful to the example He has not lie in His bearing and attitude towards all men towards redeemed humanity-if only we are inspired and actuated by His love. It would be presumptuous in me, so imperfectly acquainted as yet with the nature and circumstances of this diocese, to enter in detail on the consideration of them, or of what they may hereafter suggest to me as needing direction or advice from such knowledge and experience as I have been permitted to acquire in the service of a church whose condition is in many respects similar to yours in this diocese. For the present let it suffice to have put you in remembrance, dear brethren, of some of those great and general principles which affect us in common with every branch of the Church of Christ The necessity and importance of unity and of peace is a subject never out of season or out of place. I have reminded you of how it bears on the discharge of our very first obligation and duty to teach and to preach Jesus Christ so that the world. He has died to save and redeem may be brought to believe in Him, and to love Him, and to serve Him. Of course, it is needful, above all, for our doing this effectually, that we should ourselves personally in our own in- most hearts and souls so believe in him and so love Miss, The prosperity and success of our church in all her concerns and work depend on the faith and the devotion, and the spiritual life of her clergy and people. It was for in the Lord Jesus prayed so earnestly in the great eucharistic intercession from which my text is taken. This is why we maintain and prove the continuity of our church history, and our church life ; this is the fellowship and the succession we claim from the apostles and from apostolic times. We were all in the loins of our forefathers in the faith when the Lord Jesus offered his Prevailing prayer for them and for ourselves, vistas receiving their testimony, recognising ourselves as their children and descendants, believing through their word and example, that we become sharers in the benefits and blessings of this prevailing and touching prayer. It is as united with them in faith and polity, no less than at one among our selves, making the past five once more in the reproduction of its devotion to and its love of the Lord Jeans, turning with the hearts of children to our fathers in the faith, that we inherit the riches and the grace of which the church is the treasure house and the store. My brethren, the world will not accept a creation of the sixteenth century, or a novelty of the nineteenth, as that which Christ lost in legacy to all who should believe in Him through the apostles' word and preaching. Through that word and breaching, as their echoes are borne down the lapse of ages, and go forth to all the world, according to the command and loving will. in the far distance of time and space we are listening to those' echoes still. But, what do they bring to our bart, and impress on our memories and on' our hearts ? Surely, nothing else than the old, old story of the money and the love of God giving his only Son to the for us fallon men and miserable sinners : the old, old story of the life and death of the Lord Jesus Christ which are our only hope and comfort and peace, in time and in eternity the old, old story of the free pardon and forgiveness of our sins, and our being cleansed from their guilt, and saved from their power by the precious blood of the Lord Jesus, shed upon, the cross the old, old story of the coming of the Holy Spirit, in the power of His quickening and sanctifying ' presence and grace, into our hearts, when they were open and willing to receive Him. Yes, dear brethren, it is the virtue and blessedness of this old, old story of love and mercy and goodness that make 113 heirs of all the ages that have gone, before, us. But, that they may have free course and be glorified among us, as they were of old, Let us remember what is needed to our faithful preachingund'witnoss unity and peace and love among ourselves, ! !.' iv 6 s j." .' by a JiT and, with all that love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truth but, no" loss unity in the faith we profess, and in its fruits of self-denial and of worship; and of good works, with those who have gone,l>ufarc,-> stretching backwards and upwards, till the genealogy and descent of our Hpiritu.ilriialtui-o,and,king- dom mungo, and lose themselves, in the persons of the apostles and first believers in the Lord Jesus Christ, whose faith I would bid you follow, considering the end of their con- versation as those again lose themselves where we should ever desire to live and dwell-in the personal presence and personal 1 communion of the Lord Jesus Christ, our one and only Redeemer and Sin Your. During the offertory, which was then taken, the authors " The Wilderness" was sung by the choir. Thy prayer for the Church Mili- tant was offered up, after which the Bishop, with the assisting clergy, continued and concluded the close union of the Holy Communion.. There were a great many commu- nicants.," ., ' ' Evensong commenced at 736 pins; The congregation was not such a large one as that in the morning, the inclement weather doubt-" less preventing many, from > attending who would probably have (been present, had not' 'the sunshine earlier in. the day, being supper 'scdori'bj* clouds and heavy downpours of rain. Dyke's service in of was again used." Tho'an thcniH,worn, God, who, commanded," 'and, ' How lovely are the messengers." prayers were paid by the RowJ.,.,0. hall, whilst the lessons were, read by the rev. Canons Adams and Brownrigg. The Bishop preached the sermon, his text being Matthew xxii., 21 !.-," Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." r The amount received in the offer today,' added to that taken in the morning, made the total collection'in'behalf'of the Cathedral Completion fund, £45 4s. Old. We have been requested to state that the Bishop will preach at both morning' and evening service on Sunday next. . ?' " 'ji uni d'' i'' s i ?? "" ' ' ' 