An OLD CURIOSITY" SHOP. , .' The Tuileries, whicli has long been an Eyesore or a charm to Paris, 'jttSjLas.you.like to look at it, is at length, going, ,to, he pulleddown.; Tfie contract has ""been signed, tlie workmen are there pick in hand,; and in eight months by the card nothing will remain of these eight; centuries of souvenirs of the historic: greatness of France, They will all he carted away as rubbish, at least so much of them as the collectors Have spared, and the collectors are already very busy. The contractors themselves are going to open an old curiosity shop on the grounds, and the; i^althy amateur is trying, to intei^epfc the best things on their way to the shop. He has , dug his taster into the solid' stone walls for bits' of Choice prnanlent, as though it were so much cheese, and he has entered'his name on the books for morsels,of, ruin he is not yet able to reach; The remains of the Tuile ries will probably cut up in^o^ as, many .souvenirs ab; tlie wreck' of the* H oyal George. There is enough,fpr everybody, and there is l yariety ^fov [ the t:mo(stdiverse', tagtes-Vt^VYcu .inayi 'buy anything, from an entir9 stone; staircase to a bit. 'of |)rokeii looking glass.' Yet;, at a first glance, yqii ; might tliinlc that'there was nothing left. The interior seems an utter ruin.*.')' iThe- great staircase, imder'itp4 load <;ofdebris, is simply a liill of rubbish, but the pillars at the side are intact, and so are the friezes arid cornices, most of them perfect spe cimens ' of the' Louis XVI. style. Here the amateur aforesaid has already dug out au ancient, helmet carved in* low relief,'but much re mains behind. The columns could be taken bodily, and they would make a fine rustic temple for garden or park. Mr. Worth lias already shown, what may be done with such things.-at his place at Buresnes. Long ago, in the time of the Com mune, he bought up what he could find " for , an old song," and with his skill in working up material made as pretty a ruin of them as you could wish to see. They say he cries there sometimes over dead fashions, or finds his most solemn inspiration for new ones! It is a via sacra that recalls his most dis tinguished customers. Still lie has nothing for majesty of association like the staircase of the Tuileries. At the head of this you come to the Salle des Mare'chaux, a most com plete wreck. It must have been a perfect brazier on that fateful clay. Experts will tell you that there is every sign of fiercest raging fire. Only a, stone shell remains—the floors, ' partitions, cornices, every thing once standing between earth and sky, is gone. It is not quite so bad as that in any other- part of the building. "A ferr supports in iron worlc, so twisted that they seem still to Writhe in the flame, show where once the gallery ran. Add to these a small gimcraek shield or two inscribed with the names of great battles,'and that is all. These show where the effigies of the mar shals were cremated, for each had his shield. The Jena shield is in tact, and there is another which Once i bore tlih name ol' Marengo, though it is half burned away. Both of these ai'e; akeady sold. Mere paint sometimes survived where wood and iron, and even marble,! were burned away. " Honneur et Patrie" is still: to be .seen oyer , the, door in/ black letters ,on ; a gold ground.: Beyond this (hove is. nothing, noth-| i.ng,'nothing:''.: it must ftave lit'cii 1 like the lire of 500 blast furnaces. ] There are places where the stone j has crumbled to powder in the!' flame. Oh, the sight lor the bird I that, hovered above on poised.wings ! The Salle d'Honneur near .by;is a more orthodox ruin ; it is not burn ed clean out like the oilier ; there are remains. The iron girders nearly gave way; they are bent concave where they • were before ,convex. but still the fire got tired first. All the floor here is a grass grown slope; the ghosts of courtier shepherds might revisit it to tread a rustic round. The chimney is left, and it is in very good condition. It might be taken away boidly, and set up in some country hall; it would hardly do for anything smaller. The flooring beneath it is burned away, and it is perched up by itself in the 'air in the queerest fashion; In one of the upper rooms there is a little solitary flower-pot hanging in the same semi-miracu lous way, between earth and sky. The exterior offers the richest harvest to the collector. Here, especially in the front lacing- the Arc de l'Etoile, there is a good deal left—ever so many columns in dif ferent styles, and statues, with some balconies in modern ironwork. The fire does not seem to have been overpowering here, and it has left one unique construction in all but perfect preservation—the perron, or little staircase of the Emperor, by which the Imperial family used to reach the private apartments. This is in iron, and has a double flight, with a gentle curve. It might be taken just as it stands, and with a lew repairs it would be as good as new, or for the collector!^ purpose; considerably better. This will pro-,, bably .fetch a high priced '- Tlie. minor curiosities, or what one might' call the portable ones, are i feeing snapped up day by day. The Louis XVI. clock in the Place1 du Gar-' roussel is gone, disposed of by private sale. It stopped at a little past 9 ; so something very decisive in. the fire must have happened j list' then.' Even the. walls' might be. sold stone by stone as memorials, and some of these would have a > double value, fop tliey are, of, amliaeo]ogic«ai in'-, terestj as 'well. The- building, ex-, iiibits, half-a-dozen, different styles, of house construction; 1 v,An expert will tell you that. ,sueli: and. such iron-work or stone is * sixteenth century, - and 'tbat one ibifc of a Avail lp was very >."• composixe->* '<iuuceuy and every diSeupa«t\'ha'clf li^J'jhis mark upon it. One ancient^ style' is seen .in walls tliat a.re . merely, veneered with stone, and, have)-all; tlie space between them filledUviⅈ a kind of coricrete—the poor feebl^ beginnings of jerry building in . the time of Catherine do Miedicis.' Ip: our day they would have left the concrete out. The way to .the; upper towers lies across yawning chasms of ruin bridged by planks. The winding stair has been turned by the drift rubbish almost into a winding causeway. The view from the top well repays the trouble' of the ascent. You see Paris as you can see it from no other point in the capital—the whole stretch of the Ohiimps Elysees in pure per spective, and the river hard by. The Tuileries had its ghost, and it was a local, not a family spirit. This is a nice and important dif ference, and the want of due atten tion to it has sometimes led to dif ficulties. A friend of the writer, wlio had taken phambers at Lin coln's-inn on the express under standing that they were haunted, was disgusted to find that the ghost disappeared with the late occupant. He was in the nature of personal property it appears, wiicreas tne new tenant thought.that the use of him was included in the purchase I of the fixtures—that he was " in | the walls," in fact, with other visi tants of the midnight hour. The Red Man of the Tuileries, on the contrary, has appeared all through the history of the building, though in the stirring time before the Re volution he was naturally more often on duty. He used to be seen at dead of night leaning in a som I bre fashion with folded arms over the staircases, or at one of the groat windows overlooking Paris. A few days before the 10th August, Marie Antoinette's woman rushed into her apartment to tell her tliat they had just seen him in the guard room during- the ,absence -of,..-the. guard. ' He looked steadfastly at thein with a face . of unutterable woe. He was last-seen-^during the t'oimmme. The old watchman who ! li-id rli.ii'^e of ilie building was] going his rounds one night, when j lie became a\vare of the scarlet-clad ; figure in 1 Ji«' gloom skulking behind I one. of the pillars, He made for it; hut it' seemed to pass '-round the j pillar and (lisap|jeaV.,'; Ijje looked! about everywhere, hut* there was j nothing. 'I he old man had his own reasons for thinking that he might.. have been, dec 'ived on this occasion; so he took nothing but. coffee after dinner next night before making his rounds, yet there was the lied Man again. This time lie was leaning meditatively • on his; arm, and looking down on Paris.' The watchman shouted, at ^him;r he turned round, laced hint" V£ij,h;r$ie same'look. of icy; .froe,.',' an'ifc'f'flisapr j pea red. - The old man ran for' help,; j late/ a$" it was,, and they made a: thorough search of the place. They j did find something red; their search en ded in a suave qui pent, as they save the first glare of the incen diary fire that was to reduce the Palace of the Tuileries to a heap ; of ruins. -Daily News, 