ESTHER'S GLOVE CHAPTER m. CONTrNTJED.) There are not many quieter townB in England than Wavenbam. Bnt once a year, and that in mid-winter, the old borough wakes np, and makes up for three hundred and sixty-two days in silence and sobriety by crowding into three the dissipation of a year. The local Saturnalia is known all over the country as "Waynham Mop,' and draws to it all the world by a magnetic combi nation of gilt gingerbread, roast goose, and ale. The first of the three days was the great pig-fair of the year ; the second was given np to the fairing of farm servants ; the third was given over to unbridled pleasure, and an amount of licence to which the borough magistrates were compelled, by ancient custom to close their eyes. The long side-street in which the fair was held, was one quagmire of the mud and slush into which hundreds of hob nailed boots had churned the lately fallen snow. All the private houses, and even the shops, were closed, for the regular tradesmen were forbidden by tradition to interefere with the trade of the fair. But the public-houses were open by public tolerance, even though at every dozen yards a green bush over a cellar, or a rough booth, advertised ale and spirits, which, on that day alone, required no licence from the excise. Gingerbread and hot roast-goose were tbe leading features ; and mixed up with these were bawling cheap jacks, swing ing boats, roulette tables, and all tbe contrivances known in that country for treating sweethearts, and spending shillings. For more intellectual recrea- tioD, a five-legged calf and a fat woman competed with a tragedy in five acts, and in five minutes followed by, a pantomime ; a circuB band clashed and banged fire into the rustic hearts of which Bacchus in the shape of been Venus in many forms, and Mars in the person of a recruiting sergeant with flying ribbous, were eveiy where at hand to take advantage. Michael Perrin was living in lodgiDgs at Wavenham, going over to Craneleigh as often as he could without drawing down too mnch village talk upon Esther. Since she was to renounce her inheritance by marriage instead of simple absence, there was no reason why she should not make the necessary delay as profitable as possible ; at least, she thought there was noue, though Michael wonld have been bettemleaftpri had RHP lpft Clrnnolpifvli fJia very next day and refused to tonch one farthing ot old Joshway's gold. There seemed an inconsistent lack of nobility about her very business-like conduct in this which vexed him ; but he could not very well insist upon her impoverishing herself by becoming his wife more or sooner than she was bound, and in all other things, her proudly submissive tenderness towards him amounted to a flattering tyranny. She bad taken bim at his whole word, and had thrown her self into a woman's paradise heart and soul, shutting her eyes alike to the ghost of the past and every shadow of the future. He found her a little exacting, it is true, but exactation in trifles is in itself a sort of charm, and he could not but own that she had a right after so long a thirst, to drink her life a little greedily. He used to tell her that he loved her more deeply than she would ever learn to love bim, and that she only loved Love, while he loved only Her — and so he believed. To-day he had not gone over to the farm. He certainly did not care to see the fair ; but for a young man to be seen .at Craneleigh, or going towards it, during Mop time, would have been more than equivalent to publishing the banns. And so, being a Wavenbam, he did as Wavenham did, and went about among the booths and the Bhowe. Before five o'clock, the darkness of coming night was made darker still by the threat of a heavy SDowstorm. But by this time the holiday-makers were storm-proof — and they were not going to lose even the dregs of the great drink of the year for any number of flakes of snow. Till twelve o'clock the green bushes would be warrant enough for any quantity of drink npon the premises 5 aud meanwhile the fun outside was taking fall advantage of tbe few minutes ot daylight left before darkness and drink covered away the five-legged calf and the fat lady for another year. The flakesasthey came down added to the fun. But at last they came down so thickly that all the world which had still a few legs left to stagger npon was driven for refuge under . tbe treacherous shelter of the green bows. Michael was making his way home when he was stopped by a song. He. listened for a moment, and recognised, that most infinitely delicate and toncb- of biliad melodies, as little in keeping with Waynham Mop as his own sympathies were, which is known through all south-eastern France as & Eeveii de V Alouette, He had heard it in his many wanderings a hundred times. . But it was not the accidental strange ness of the melody and of the words that made him still stand and wait after it was over. It was the voice that Bong them — a soft soprana of a kind not common in England, or, for that matter anywhere. It was not strong, and it trembled a little— perhaps with the cold ; bat it could not possibly have been more 8weet than true. Michael's fajacy, eyer on the W&teh; for . the . .I$as$ chance of flight, invented, a romance on the spot to acconnt for ;such a voice and such a song in the middle of the snow and twilight of Wavenham Fair. The mere hearing them, then and there, was an adventure, . and be must. needs hear the end of it if only oat of curiosity. scarcely, However, nad tne voice ; begun again — thiB time npon a lighter 1 air, unknown to him — than a very different voice, from .the, entrance of the drinking booth, broke in — ' Hi, wench ! Come in and have some beer.' Michael tnrned away in disgust. It Bounded like an intriisjon of £>itenus into a dream of Philomela ; . hnbrwell, no doiibt the girl with' the sweet voice would be only too willing to ahare some village roue's pint. mug. as the price of her song. Silence .followed — no donbt she had entered under the green bough. But in another inBtant he heard a sound more unlooked-for even than the eong had been — an intense scream of terror, so true was its meaning, that Michael, with all his disbelief in wandering she- minstrels, wonld have been a coward if he had not ran forward to her ride and let out hiB fist straight at no less a personage than Farmer Lightfoot of Longacre himself, who was pulling her by both arms. Such a cry had made it a case for doing first and thinking after wards : and before Michael bad time to think, old Joshna's executor was lying, a lump too fall of drink to show fight, in the black snow. It was only too easy a victory ; aud it was followed almost by repentance when a great roar of laughter from the booth greeted the overthrow of the prostrate Don Juan. Not many words came out with the laugh, but snch as came were good-natnred enough, though of a sort that made Michael take hold of the girl's arm and lead her away lest even the Asm nf o ntrApf. flirt (tap afinnld honr fTiom And. then he begsn to think : and his first thought was that he had beena fool. ' You had better give np singing for to-night,' he said, < if yon don't want to be troubled.' But his second thought remembered the beanty of the voice and the truth of the scream that had made him her companion. If he had been a fool, he could not briog himself to be ashamed of his folly. ' What can you be doing at Wavenham fair.' His last question he spoke in French. They were passing under a gas-lamp, and he saw that the street singer was no other than the little Proven gale who had asked him the way to Portsmouth from Craneleigh. Only, the bloom had left her face, and her clothes were now much more than merely poor. Ab, yon speak French!' she cried out; and she broke into unmistakably honest tears. The false often enough pass for the true, but to mistake the true for the false is a thing that cannot be. And for the same reason, doubtless, as as well at for the sound of her own mother-tongue, she showed no fear to MicbaeL 'In my country,' she said, ' men are men : they do not insnlt a girl because she tries to sing for her bread at a festa. But they are savages ! I would have sung my way from Paris to Aries and no one would have touched me with a hand. Monsieur, I die of shame — for them, and for me that I let them hear one note of the Riveii.' ' Don't yon know what comes of cast ing pearls before swine? You must re member that gallantry belongs to wine, not to beer. Do yon mean to tell me that you get your living by going about BingiDg French ballads at fairs ?' ' No, monsieur. I thought I would try. I shall not try again.' < A.J I 4. .1 . 13 J3 . auu wuab iu uib wuriu maue yuu want to try ? What makes you tremble so ?' ' Because it is so cold. Good-night, and thank you, monsieur.' He simply could not doubt her honesty. He had no logical right to believe in it, except the argument of eyeB and ears and of that inner sense which knows when eyes and ears perceive truly. And now something in her tone struck him with a new light — it meant the simplest and yet the uttermost despair. And he should be far more of a coward now if he let her go without oue more word than if he had not knocked dnwn the fellow wfin had insulted her. ' Where are yon going f he asked eharply. Heaven knows, monsieur.' Have you no home V ' Not now.' And no friends ?' 'Ah! do not ask me, monsieur. No, I have no home, and no friends, and no hope ; and if they would let me sing I could not now, for I am too cold.' ' Where do yon live, then ? Not in the snow, I suppose ?' ' Yes, monsieur — in the staow. Ah ! I never thought of the snow. They say it makes a warm cover, and If one goes to sleep in it, one sleeps long. Yea — in the snow.' ' Wait one moment. Yon mean yon are going to kill yourself because yon are friendless, and hungry, and 'cold, and have nowhere to go.' ' Not at all, monsieur. It is wicked to kill oneself ; only, is it wicked not to feel glad that one is going to die ? Good night, monsieur.' Michael Perrin knew not what to do. He knew she was speaking the simple truth, and not only so, but that she was a lady in all her tones of speech and tarns of phrase — not to speak of her style of singing, which proved her a trained artist of high order. ' I must help you,' he Baid. ' Do you mind tell ing me yonr name ?' 'It does not matter — Rose Cbastal. 'Why were yon so eager to get to Portsmouth? Have yon friends there? Yon must tell me. How can I help yon, unless £ know ?' 'Yon cannot help me, monsieur. Ah !' she said, as she drew her shawl over her shoulders, ' it is cold < -What can I tell?' 'Who yon are j what brings you here ; why you have no friends ; why you try to sing at a country fair — every thing. You are not afraid of me ? Do you suppose I can see a child like yon in this plight, and not ' He was jnst in time to prevent her falling to the gronnd, and she almost fainted in his arms. ' Ah, pardon me, monsieur ; but it is cold, and I have not eaten for two days.' ' Good God ! I can help yon there, anyway. Try to walk ; lean on me.' As he led her out of the lighted street he thought over what he, a yonng man, could possibly do with this girl, so suddenly and strangely thrown upon, his hands.. It was clear enough now that if heydid npi help her in the first place and question her afterwards she would, die. He could not give, her money -and bid her find' food and. lodging. . The yery tonch of her arm seemed:to tell him' that she ..was neither mentally or physically capable .of .finding quarters, and .that, whatever else she was, she was not. one to be handed over to the care of the police or of the workhouse ; and shp was a woman, and a Btranggr in a' Btrange land over which just _naw)tBeer reigDed supreme. .He did .what be knew was not the -wisest, t but the only thing he cohld think of doing. He led her te tbe Eagle — a house of too high a standing to have anything to do with the fair, and out of the way of its noise. Watching an opportunity for doing so without being seen, he took her into the first vacant private aitting-room he came npon, made her sit down npon a sofa in a dark corner, rang the bell, and ordered the waiter to bring a glass of sherry and tell tbe landlady he wished to see her immediately. Then he lighted the gas, and saw that the girl'e dress was of fairly good materials and well made. though so well worn. He made her drink the wine, and presently the landlady came. Rose could only submit — what else could auy child like her have doue who was well-nigh at death's door with hanger and cold ? 'Mrs. Warren,' he said, 'I want to take a room for my rister, who has just come snddenly from France — Mademoi selle Perrin,' he said suddenly, with a eevere look at Rose. ' There is no room for her at my lodgings, sol have brought her here.N Of course, she was stupid enough to part company with her luggage, not understanding English travelling ; but you can lend her a few things for to night, I dare say. She speaks no English,' he went on, with another look at Rose — ' not a word, tbongh she is the some soup and a fowl — I will look in early to-morrow. I'm in a harry now, Rose,' he said in French, 'yon understand that you are my rister, aud that you do not know a word of English, not even Yes or No. If yon do you will be croBs- questioned without end. Nobody knows anything of me here except that my name la Micheal Perrin, that I am an engineer by profession, aad have been a great deal abroad. As for tbe rest, I will see you the first thing to-morrow, and yon shall tell me your whole story, and we will see what can be done. Good night — you are safe for to-night, anyhow.' And he went ofij without allowing her to say a word. As he went back to his lodgings, think as he would, he could not find oat in what possible way he conld have acted otherwise. He could not even see that it waa better to let a girl, whatever she might turn out to he, die of hunger aud cold rather than tell a lie to tbe landlady of the Eagle. When Esther did not see her lover she wrote to him, and even sometimes when she did see him, for talk did not suffice her for letting her whole heart nut after its burial for so long. Though she chose to forget it now, she was living as if she felt the whole of the rest of her life to be only too short to make up for the last twelve years. It seemed as if she wished her lover never to draw a breath outside her own atmosphere, and forgot that the man lives not who does not need to feel sometimes alone, even if it be for the sake of returning to love bongty instead of palled. She knew his letters by heart, and seemed a little hurt when some chance brought to light his less familiarity with hers — forgetting that it is easier to have uy neart every wora iu taree pages or note-paper than half the sentences in ten. Of coarse he still loved her with all his life : had he not bonnd himself to love her as sacredly as words and caresses can bind ? But nevertheless it was rather with contented resignation than with any fire of IoDging that be looked forward to a heaven that might last till — Heaven knew when. But on her side she had proved better than ber word. Having once made np ber mind that she was loved for herself and for herself alone, she put ber whole life and her whole happiness absolutely into his hsnda vifhnnt: afinf. r»r mpAsnpA He told her once that to tbe intenrity of a woman Bfae added a charm of tbe new ness and the freshness of a child who for the first time in her life guesses that love is something more than a name. And there was truth enough iu this seeming, for Esther, in spite of that inconsistent business-like shrewdness, even sharpness, that cropped up every now and theu, was at times strangly like a child in a hundred ways. Usually calm in her bearing, and never without dignity, she often seemed to forget her longing for simple rest and peace, and to crave for the romance of love far more than for its repose. Mean- while Michael's devotion always chival rous if not always ardent, satisfied her — for as yet the least thing was greater than for twelve years she had ever dared to dream. It was simply by chance, however, and not for the indulgence of any caprice or mood, that some business with Lawyer ' Green called her to Wavenham the day after the fair. She had written to Michael not to come over to the farm on that day, even if he had intended it, but she had not warned him of her intended visit — it was her first journey from home since the death of old Joshua, and she wished to give it an air of adventurous freedom' by takiDg Michael by surprise ; always rather a rash proceeding between even the closest and most unreserved friends. So she had the old trap, picked np second-hand by Joshna many years before he married, brought to the door, and made herself ready to drive the yet older cob — for Joshna had never indnlged in the extravagance of a groom. And she was jnst starting with a light heart in the sunshine that had followed tbe snow, when; Farmer Lightfoot, on horse back, net her .at the gate' of the yard. 'Good day, Mrs. Ferric,' said the' executor. ' Going over to Waven ham ? I was just on my road to have a look at some pigs of Perkins's — that's all — and I thought I'd take a lqok round your farm by the way. You'll be put to it a bit, I fancy, when spring comes, without a man to look after things : these light soils want a lot of looking after. It was an uncommon bad fair. X' never saw each a bad lot of pigs any where. I saw a friend of youra, though, and he seemed happy enongh — 't wasn't the pigs he was looking after, eh f 'I suppose yon saw Mr. Michael Perrin,", paid Esther, too proud to effect either ignorance or interest before Mr. Lightfoot' of LoDgacre. 'I'm rather in a . harry now — good day.' Bnt Mr. Lightfoot's horse, or his rider, fonnd some diificnlty in all at once making way for her. ; ' I suppose he's what the girls wonld call a fine yonng chap, is Mr. Michael — anatnere s plenty 01 gins aoout on vtaveu- ham Mop day, for any young chap that wants a spree. If it was fair to guess tales, Pd bet farif-a-crown it was tbe yonng woman he was with on Waveubam road the day after Bartle drove over him. I will say for him he knows how to use a fist, for all he's from London : I never saw a chap better floored than that one there.' Esther tightened her reins. ' What has happened ? — what man ?' She knew perfectly well now that Farmer Lightfoot had passed the farm solely in order to tell her some piece of bad or ill-natured news ; and for the moment she forgot the pride that would otherwise have made her treat with especial unconcern all that related to Michael Perrin. It is the worst of happiness that it should he tbe favourite soil for fear to grow in. The Farmer's eyes almost twinkled : people did not hide their spite on that side of Wavenham. 'Ob, you needn't be frightened, Mrs. Perrin. The chaps and their ways aren't nothing to yon, you know. Ooly the young fellow got into a row about a girl, and knocked down a lot of soldiers for her and took her off with him. It's right for wots to ran a bit wild, yon know, when Wavenham Mop's on. That's all. Bnt I'm keeping yon, Mrs. Perrin ; and, what's more, I'm keeping Perkins's pigs too.' ' Is that all ?' said Esther coldly. I thought I was goiug to hear of a murder at least. What is it to me what youug men do at fairs ?'— and she drove on. ' It is a spiteful lie,' she arid to herself; 1 Michael is an true m pnld ' But her smile was not nappy ; and somehow tbe bracing freshness of the winter sunsfaiue seemed to have gone out of the air. And though she was too proud to doubt at Farmer Lightfoot's bidding, she was not too prond to be deeply vexed at such proof that Michael's visits to Craneleigh had already made gossip for the neigh bours. 'I must put an end to this,' she thought, 'and I will. They may say anything they like of me except that I am afraid or ashamed of anything they can say. — No I it is not true ; if it could have been true, I should have known it withont having to be told. I know how to trust, thank Heaven, when I trust at all I' And then the sun broke oat again over the snow. As soon as she reached Wavenham she drove straight to the lawyer's, who received her with the deprecating cor diality due from one who is notoriously waiting for dead men's shoes, and wishes the world to believe that they will only pinch him when they come to him. It was certainly awkward for him in one way — be could not even ask her bow she was without a guilty feeling that he was fishing for bad news, or at any rate would be suspected of doing so. But to-day Esther saved him the trouble of thinking how he could give even a formal remark on tbe biting weather an impersonal bearing. ' I have brought you good news,' she said before she sat down. Indeed ?' ' It is not a usual thing for a client to have to tell a lawyer, but yon will be glad to know that before the new year is out you will be tenant of Perrin's Farm.' ' Pray, Mrs. Perrin, don't joke about Perrin's Farm. I bate to think of it I ?ever saw a woman, I must say it, look less use uyiug. ' I have not the least intention of dying, Mr. Green.' ' Yon don't mean to say yon are going to leave the place — to throw np eight hundredacresandover a thousand a year?' ' I do. I expect I hate to think of Perrin's Farm a great deal more than you do. But you forget the other condition.' 'The other condition ? But tbe other condition's impossible. The other con dition's marriage ' ' You are not paying me much of a compliment Is it so impossible that a man should ask me to marry him f ' No. bv Jouiter. I'd ask vou mvself if I were a bachelor ; bnt do yon mean to tell me that somebody has asked you — somebody that's worth yonr giving np eight hundred acres, and a good house, and over a thousand a year ! My dear, dear lady, there isn't a man worth doing that for on tbe face of the world. Don't do it, or I'll found a lunatic asylum with every penny of the money and build it on the land.' ' Indeed, you will do no each thing. You will be rich, and yonr children after yon, and I shall be as honestly glad of it' as if it were my own will. Thank you for all the good advice you are going to gtve me. I believe you mean it most sincerely, though if I followed it you would be kept out of your fortune for at auy rate some years to come. Yes, I am going to be married, Mr. Green, and it is only my duty to : tell you so.' 'And does your — yonr intended — know what will happen if yon marry him ? Ts he a rich man P ' He knows everything. And he is nearly as poor as I shall be." 95' I can't believe It — at least, I couldn't if I wasn't a lawyer, who soon gets to find out there's nothing impossible. Love in a cottage at your a ! I beg your pardon — with your talent for business and sound sense and experience — there's something I don't understand. I wish you hadn't told me. If I advise you to marry, I advise you to your ruiu ; if not to marry, the world will think me the greatest hypocrite aud humbug in Waven ham. Go to Harding ; yon needn't be a month away. It mnsn't be.' 'Noons in Wavenham will ever take yon for a hypocrite, for two ample reasons — one is that yon are not one, the other ie that yon are not naked to advise. Nor is Mr. Harding. ''May age," as yon were qnite rightly goiDg to Bay, a woman pretty well knows her own mind.' ' I'm not sure of that, unless a woman's mind is a very different thing from a man's. May I ask the gentle man's name ?' 'It is no longer any secret,' she said proudly. ' It is my late husband's cousin, Mr. Michael Perrin. You met him when you read the will.' 'Michael Perrin? Then, by Jupiter, let me congratulate yon and him with all my heart Tin gladder of it than if I had come into twenty farmsj. The. lawyer's change of iniauner, from deprecating protest to sudden and radiant congratulation, was so abrupt as to staitle her. ' I can see why yon should be glad of my marriage,' Bhc said ; ' bnt wby with him rather than with any other person ?' Well, tbe mnrder'a out now, and the t 'x il. _ 1 Li. TT-V- sooner you kdow it cue ueoiicr. 11c a told you nothing ? Well, then, I shall have the pleasure of being the first to tell you the good news. Your marriage will be no disappointment to me, for you must know that my ever having the estate was all moonshine. I suppose yon'll agree with me that old Joshua Perrin wasn't the man to go straight to workabontmakingathinglikeawill — beg ging your pardon— morefoolhe ; testators are nearly as queer a set of people as common jurors, and farmers are the queerest testators, and Craneleigh far mers are still queerer, and old Joshna Perrin was queer even for a Craneleigh farmer. I expect it was gall to him even to have to tell himself what he was going to do with hiB money ; and the idea of telling one lawyer everything he was going to do was jnst impossible for a man like him. So he divided his information between three, and I only hope he hasn't shared it amoDg four. He was qnite capable of it, I assure you. There's no question, bo far, bnt that tbe last will Harding drew for him was the last we made — anyway, we pnt off making it pnblic till we were as sare ot it as a mortal lawyer can be of any mortal will. Bnt yon see, the poor old gentleman, just a week, it seems, before he died, though I expect he'd always meant to do it from the beginning, posted to Harding a letter under cover to me, which I got with tbe will the morning I came over to Craneleigh. I naturally read the letter first and the will itself afterwards. It was like one ot those Chinese puzzle-boxes : first, there was the cover to Hardine. inside that. the cover to me, and inside that agaio, a document that I was to read as soon after bis death as it came into my hands. Do you remember the poor old gentle man making a trip to Portsmouth just before his last illness began ?' ' Yes ; I never knew why." " Of course not, for it was about his will. It was to see lawyer number two. He got lawyer number two to draw for him a secret trast — myself being the trustee — to take effect upon the event of either of the conditioDS named in the will — your marriage or ceasing to live on the farm. I am proud, as a pro fessional man, Mrs. Perrin, that so shrewd a man as my old friend Joshua Perrin should have trusted me not to put the secret trust into the fire instead of into that safe where it is now. It is clear he had repented of letting the farm go out of the blood, ifi indeed, he ever had intended it from the very beginning. Ooly he wanted you to have eveiything for your life, and to save you from being hothered with fortune-hunters, and to keep the young man — who, between you and me, as tbe son of Jabez Perrin, ought to have a good bit of wild blood in him — from living od X>st-6bits and expecta tions till his wild oats were sown. I expect it was when Jabez died that Joshua drew that trust ; for he'd as soon have let a crack-brained inventor like Jabez have the farm as he would have let the deuce have it ; and he was pretty right there from all I've ever heard. So, in the event of your death, marriage, or non-residence, the estate was to come to ine on trust, to pay myself a thousand pouods, aud to make over tbe lease of the farm and the entire resi due to Michael Perrio, his heirs, ex ecutors, administrators, or assigns. With the farther limitations, nrovidine for ordinary contingencies, I need .not trouble yon. It is enough for you to know now that by your marriage to Michael Perrin — the only contingency, I suppose, of which the poor old gentleman never dreamed — you will keep your inheritance by transferring it to him.' Esther felt herself turn pale, though in that first moment she could not tell why. ' Tell me she exclaimed ; ' tell me, for God's sake — if Michael — if he dreamed of this ! You said he might have told me. Cau lie have known ? — can he have guessed or dreamed ?' . Her excitement was natural enough to the lawyer ; it would have been strange if so good a woman of business as he knew her to be had not been excited by the thought that she might eat her cake and have it too, in spite of the proverb. ' Ah !' he eaid, 'you see that I am not only a fairly honest lawyer, bnt an utr commonly clever match-maker into the bargain. I shall expect you to say ' Thank you,' Mrs. Perrin, before I go. No, our friend Mr. Michael has not seen the trust ; I would not have told even you until things were safe and sura But there are more ways of killing a dog besides baugiDg liim. Mr. Michael Perriu is very far indeed from being a blind horse ; and I think that I gave him a nod that morning I read the will that was a great deal better than awink — very mnch better I should say. I couldn't speak to him, under the circum stances, more plainly than I did ; but I went to the farthest point of what I was allowed to say, and it is only as I ex pected to find that the seed was not sown in vain. I am more than glad to find that your future husband has be haved so mnch like a gentleman ; that he has so delicately managed not to make you ruin yourself by marrying him. Bat, indeed, if he had acted otherwise, he would have been a worse blackguard than I should like to think any man to be. By Jnpiter 1 I should like to see Tom Lightfoot'B face, or farmer Bartles's, on your weddiog-day, when I give the bride away ! Yes; I shall be prond as long as I live of having fonnd the one weak spot in a will that it took two solicitors to draw, and have got an old friend her liberty without her loosing her land. Old Joshna had better have .come to tbe the third lawyer first, after all 1", He did sot tbiu la ids professional triumph, of looking at the eyeB of Esther. ' Yon cannot tell me,' ehe asked, in a low voice, ' that Michael Perrin was as ignorant of all — this, as I was until five minutes ago ?' 'Do you suppose tbe man you are going to marry wonld be snch a selfish rascal as to ask a woman like you to rain herself for love of him ? If you suppose that, you'd better show him the door ae quick as you can — that's all I can tell yon.' , 'You told me to thank yon. I do thank yon. , Good day.' 'As if she supposed for one half second,' thought the lawyer, when she had left him, ' that a sharp young fellow like that wanted to share a crust with a widow who'll be fifty by the time he's old enough to marry 1 and as if she thought me green enough to fancy that when she said Yes to him, she didn't was buttered! If I am eccentric enough to be honest, it doesn't follow that Pm not Bharp enough to be the other thing if I pleased. Well, well, women are qneer cattle. Any one that didn't know her would think that I had been telling her news. Well, I'm rid of a stupid business, and richer by a thousand pounds. I wish every testator was like old Joshway, poor old gentleman — if he wasn't dead, I'd wish him better lack next time.' Esther, as she drove, half blind tbrongb the streets of the town, felt like him who had bnilt his house npon the sand. What conld it all mean ? Her whole soul had believed so ntterly that it could not cease to believe. No ; it could not be that Michael Perrin, into whose hands she had freely given all her hopes of- life and haDDinese. was worse even than a mere vulgar fortune-hunter — a fortune- hunter and a cheat besides. He would have torn her soul open in order that he might bring her to marry even himself rather than that the conditions of her dead husband's will should remain unbroken : he wonld have taken advantage of ber sacred despair to cheat her of her whole power of trusting. She had not his quick fancy wherewith to leap to any depth and any height, at a bound and almost at will; but a mere shadow of such a thing as this overwhelmed all her womanhood with humiliation and shame. No ; it could not be true : it could no more be true than that he, her engaged lover, should be amusing him self daring a day's absence from her with a street-girl at a fair. Only if one were But she was no woman to sit down and wait npon the dangerous threshold of mis understandings. Half blind, as she was, she drove almost by instinct straight to the door of a stationer's in the High-street andaskedif Mr. Perrin was at home. No; he'a gone over to the Eagle, and would not be back for perhaps an honr. Esther, in her desperate impatience to have all made clear, conld no more wait an boar than she could now have waited for a year— she, who has once waited for life twelve whole years. She drove at once to the Eagle, and as she threw her reins to the groom, asked, ' Is Mr Perriu here V ' I don't know, ma'am, but I'll ask. Mrs. Warren herself was crossing the yard, and answered for herself : ' Mr. Perrin, ma'am I Yes, he's with his Bister. What name shall I say ?' Esther was not known in Wavenbam. His sister ? She never beard of his having a sister ; but then it was true that their talk had been a great deal more abont herself than about hie relations, and —at any rate, she had a right to see. ' No,' she said, ' they expect me : I will go in if you will show me tbe way to their room.' Somehow, though no sister could be her rival, her heart misgave her as she turned the handle of the door. She looked for no new troUDle — she bad only come to disburden her heart of a weight heavy enough for one day. And yet she felt inclined to turn back — but she went in. And one glance was enough to tell ber that the girl to .whom Michael, with his back turned towards the door, was speaking earnestly in French, waa no more his sister than she was Esther's own. The two were not so close together as JUVCLO tiuuiu un»C UCCU, UUb luvj WUU1U have been too close for the jealousy that sprang up in Esther Perrin had they been " at opposite corners of the room. Aud with jealousy came Btrength. ' Michael,' she said quietly. He started and turned, and he conld not help colouring. He bad long ago learned to read Esther too well to wish her to know of any such adventure in any way but his own telling. The flush meant absolutely nothing ; but even people who have the trick of blushing can never understand that it can ever mean nothing in others. I came to Bee vou at vour lodeinee.' said Esther, with slow sweetness, 'and heard yon were here. Will you introduce me to your sister, Michael ?' And in the sweetness the quick ear of Michael caught the warning notes of a first storm. ' Mademoiselle,' he said to the girl, ' I have to speak to this lady — would you mind waiting a few minntes in yonr bed room ? I shall not be long.' She rose at once, with a shy curtsey to Esther, and left the lovers alone. ' She is not your sister,' said Esther, with a slight tremble in the sweetness. ' Yon call her mademoiselle.' ' No. She is not my sister. She ' who is she, tben ? ' She is a French girl, whom ' So I see.' ' Esther — please give me time to tell.' 'Did I ever set np for patience. Why should you want time to tell. You can't want time to tell what she is to you, in one word.' The one word is — Nothing. Dearest Esther, bow can yon be eo absurd ? There is only one woman on earth who can ever be anything to ma You can't help being just, and now I want you to be kind. Hername is Rose ChastaL She has a strange story. Her father was an orchestral player at Marseilles, and she was bemg educated to sing for the stage — by bim, that is to say ; for she knows absolutely nothing of the world.' ' I never remember meeting a woman yet who knew nothing of the world. Well? She most have seen more of it than I have, if she came ail the way from Marseilles to Wavenham. She must have seen at least as much of it as yon : and Paris is on the road.' . Esther waB showing herself in a new light indeed. 'This father ot hers was bitten by politic wd became a leader of tbe Commnne. He was in Paris after the siege, and would have been most as suredly shot had he not escaped to England — or more likely deported there. The French, yon know, when they did not shoot their rubbish at home, used to shoot it hera Somehow — I don't know how, or how he got it— he sent his daughter, Rose, enongh money to follow himinto exile. She " ' Abont the money — are yon sore yon do not know?' How on earth should I know, when she herself does not know t She landed at Dover, and was on her way to Porte- mouth, where she was to call at a certain address to ask for news. She had to walk the whole way — that poor, slight girl — and when she got to Ports- month at last it was only to learn that her father, her only friend in the world, bad been mad enough to go back to France to take part in some fresh emeute, WWVHWV WVOU OUUV UCA'« UVUgU 14IIQ VIUICi ' And so she went to Wavenham. I suppose it was natural, since her father was her only friend — but one ; and yon received her as a sister. Well — I wish — how long has she been here ?' ' She came last night Esther ! It is not like yon. I found this poor girl starving in the public street, homeless, penniless, friendless, — almost dying. What would yon have done P ' I would have given her some money to bay food. I would not have called her my sister and taken private rooms for her at the best hotel.' ' Esther !' He had heard that women can be cruel to women ; and now he began to believe. ' How long have you known Rose Chastal ?' ' Since last night' Micnael ! 1 can t wait — 1 must know 1 Is it true that you fought in tbe streets last night about a girl ?' ' No — I did not fight, worse luck. Bnt I did knock down a drunken blackguard who insulted ' ' I know. Who insulted Rose ChastaL' ' What in Heaven's name wonld yon have had me do ?' 'I don't know — I know notbiog. — Michael, swear to me on yonr honour that you never saw this girl before, 'and that she is ae little to you as sheiBto ma Bat, above all, swear to me on your honour that you never Bet eyes on her before.' 'Never — on my——' Stop, for — Michael, in spite of all things I will not have you swear to a lie. You have told me enoneh. now. Don't be afraid that I am going to blame you for being a — man. But I won't have you Bwear to a lie. And it would be so useless, too, when I learned this very morning that you saw her at least once three whole months ago, when she must therefore have been staying at Wavenham just as long as yon.' ' You mean when Bhe asked me the way to Portsmouth ? Good Heaven, how can you ask me to remember such an absurd trifle — and after all that has happened since then ! Yes ; I remember now that Mr. Lightfoot of Longacre drove by at the tiuia You might as well ask me to pledge ray honour that I never spoke to Mr. Perkins of Craneleigh. I may have done eo, but 1 should certainly say No. That I have never seen her since is absolutely true.' Where was the once boasted sympathy of souls that should have sent him straight to her feet, or, betterstill, forced her into his arms, and to look into her eyes, and believe ? Had he only reached out a hand to her in the old way, she would have caught it, and clung to it till it had drawn her out of the sea of doubt aud jealousy iu which she felt herself drowning. He was speaking tbe truth — but it was not truth for which she hungered just now. And he did not understand — not even though ber whole heart moaned within her helplessly. ' Tell me,' she said, ' how Rose Chastal has lived since she went to Portsmouth, three months ago, ' I do not know.' You do not know t 'She was driven to eing iu the streets for bread when I met her,' he eaid bitter- ; A street singer from the French stage who kuows nothing of the world ! Bis name broke from her as a cry to bim to command herto believe : but how was he to know ? The secret she had teamed from the lawyer had been close to her Hps ; but even now, how could she bring herself to let one unlooked-for moment sweep away the bouse that she had built for her soul to live in all the rest of its days ? It would be like selt- murder. ' It is myself I am doubting, she said fiercely within herself, 'not him ; it is my own power to win and keep love, not his honour.' As the girl had passed her in leaving tbe room she had seen, or thought she had seen, with a clearness that made her heart sink, on which side lay aU the beanty and all the charm ; and, woman as she was, Bhe had an unquestioning belief that men love mostly with their eyes. But the love which alone conld suffice her now and satisfy her whole hunger was oue which should be independent of eye fancies, and proof against all chance of change. Now that a shadow nf doubt had once fonnd its way to her, nothing but absolute proof, up to the very hilt, would save her life henceforth from being given over to distrust and jealousy for ever. Better would it have been — it seemea now — to rost ont and stagnate at tbe farm than snch life as this would ba And how can life-long loyalty -be proved by words, and by the words of a man so careless of them at best that she had only been jnst in time to Bave him from swearing to a lie ? She must, she would, believe — bnt she must prove, and then the victory for herself and for him that frill final belief wonld be 1 She would never donbt agaio, tben — not her self eveD. Had the lions been roaring in a pit beneath her just now she would have thrown her Glove into to the midst of them and said to Michael, ' If you love me, go.' And suddenly, withont any trick of fancy or any help from an imaginary pictnre, she saw a veritable cage of lions open before her wherein Michael might prove his faith and she her power beyond words— beyond deeds even ; for ft- Is harder to be loyal than to do loyal deeds. He conld not see what she was doing, but, in effiftct, she took off her Glove and threw -it into the cage. With s girl like "Rom always at hermde.ybung,:. Ml pf exotic charm, and forlorn , enppgh to appeal to every impulse of ehlvabry'<she wpuld woo letrn if 11 these teles were lies, and if Michael indeed loved her eo loyally and utterly as to be proof against what wonld surely charm a yonng man's heart from the love of mere land and gold. With Rose always nnder his eyes and hers, she could not fail to learn mnch in a day — all things before it became too late to learn. She paused for a moment to gather courage, and then — ' Dear,' she said, as hnmbly as sweetly, 'can you forgive me? I think a man ought to forgive a woman for loving him so mnch that — that it makes her afraid. I am only learning how to be happy. I shall learn in time. You must love my faults if you love me, and I know I sm impatient and exacting, and I'm afraid a little jealous too. I'm afraid, if you want to be cared for quietly, you mustn't come to me ; but I won't worry yon with my faults more than I'm obliged. Any way, you've forgiven me this tima Yes, 1 ao oeneve. 1 neueve cnac tnts poor French girl is just what you say — helpless and homeless, and with nothing to lean npon bnt yonr charity. And your charity must be mina Will you show that yon forgive me ?' ' Forgive yon ? Haven't I told yon a thousand times over that yon are the ' noblest , 'I am nothing of the kind. Bat I want to bejnst, and I won't and can't let that poor girl, Rose Chastal, be .thrown on the world to starve, or what is worse for an innocent girL I know what it means to be helpless and poor. I once sold myself for gold. What were you going to do for her ? For I suppose you were not going to pass her off as your sister always ?' ' I had not been able to think of any thing. Even in Fiance ehe has not a relation or a friend. I was thinking — ' ' Then I have a better plan, I think, than any of yonrs would have been. At any rate, while yon are thinking, let her come to ma' 'To yon— at Craneleigh I' She watched him anxiously, but gathered nothing from his tone of surprisa 'Yes, wby not? According to your story she is, in effect, a lady ; and she certainly looks like one. Do yon know of any reason why she should not be my guest for a time ?' ' None, except that I know nothing of her ' ' Yon don't suppose I have auy stupid prejudices against the stage, or that I care for what Craneleigh says one straw ? It is for a woman to help a woman, and if. IB nnt -fnw irnn fn haln a jimhIm. Mil, aw aw uvv tVI JVU IAJ UCip a UCBIUIO WIIU' oat my takiDg a Bbaia If yon object, I shall fancy you have some reason that—. But, do ; I shan't and I don't fancy anything of the kind. I ought to bave a companion at Craneleigh, and if I find the girl doesn't suit me I can always get rid of her without any harm ; and if she turns ont ill, why, I can take care of myself, I suppose. Indeed, you moat let me have my way.' 'You are a wonderful woman, Esther ! It is like you all over, when you fancy you have been unjust, to fly to the other pole and go to the other end of charity. There isn't another woman on earth would bave dreamed of such a thing as to take a strange girl like this lDto her own housa I love you for it, Esther, but ' But — why ?' His unwillingness only gave fuel to her will. ' I can't tell you why. I have no reaBon. But I have a feeling against it ' Aud in fact, he had no reason, and could not tell wby. ' You havo a feeling against my trying to save a girl's life — and more? I don't understand. You musu't ask me not to do my duty, Michael ' , ' God forbid ! or that any feeling of mine should stand in the way of your heart, Esther. Ae you eay, at the worst there cau be no barm ; and if there were, we should do very little good if we al ways thought of harm. You are the very noblest and loveliest woman in the whole world. Will you see her now I' ' Of course — now ! Am I so fond of waiting — for anything ?' And so Esther's Glove flew straight into tbe cage. IY. Rose at least had uo cause to complain of the barduess of the world. Aud if t.Hp. wnrM Ha onlu a mirrnr ikaf ecflaolo our own smiles aud our own frowns, hers was a heart worth reflecting. It was not only because it gave her food, shelter, and safety that she found paradise in the hard, straight lines of Perrius Farm. She could never quite understand how she had coma there — sometimes she thought she must really have fallen into a deep sleep upou the enow, aud have waked up in all the warmth of Dreamland. Esther was a guardian aDgel ; Michael, to whom she owed all things, was a very man among men. There was nothing remarkable to her in his frequent visits to the farm. She had nothing to do with the neighbours who kuew no French beyond the one word ' mouuseer,' and whose English waa Hebrew to her ; and she had never yet been instructed iu the great social law which forbids a man to be a woman's friend under pain of forfeiting her repu tation and bis own. It seemed natural to her ignorant continental mind that tbe best living man and the best living woman should be the closest aud warmest friends. Her duties were few and pleas ant, and her definite engagement as com panion at tangible wages gave her a feel ing of independence in her place, and a security mat it aepenaea npon nerselt to keep it. If gratitude could keep it, she would take root — a strange exotic enough ! in Perrin's farm ; . her one trouble was that if she gave her life, ehe could never show her gratituda So meanwhile she tried to satisfy herself by worshipping Esther as some far-off planet which Bheds influence npon the earth but never knows how deeply, and Michael as the sun who is farther off still. If Michael himself could not trace one thinnest line of jealousy in Esther, how should Rose I Esther was often alone with Michael, but Rose was often left alone with him too — so often, and for so long together, that an outsider must have taken Mrs. Perrin for an intentional match-maker. The mistress, too, who meut was never weary of making the maid never displayed any sort of accomplish ring, especially when Michael was there. She hired for Hose a pzano from Woven- ham, and treated her altogether as if her companion were an only daughter of whom she was both fond and proud. New, -surely, had any woman on earth played -eo desperately bold a game, or hidden her cards so welL If Michael came out of this toO clearly, the might | be erne of hie lore for her indeed. Hceowbile ehe discorered. — nothins j thoogh ebe wtll-nigh wore ont ber heart with watching. Could it be really, honeetly, absolntely tree that Michsel and R-tse bad been utter stringers til! tbat nil >t ' f tit fair f Rose said so too ; end, »ii til bet inerniced power of docbting, E'.tber cotdd not donbt Rose. Tee thought should here pleased her, end yet Eomehow it angered ber. She was too proud to be a conscious spy, and so she became fen unconscious one. She watched looks, words and tones. Eat eveo jealousy could find no food in the zealous entbosiafein with which Rose spoke of Michael, or in the frsnlr fashion in which Michael spoke of Rose. PferliiW it. tz-ltfi KfiMelf fli«t aka tree angry. Barely it was time that ber test j Ehonid end — and yet it still went on. And in a short time it became natural enough that the relation of these three i shohid become e commonplace thing of every day : that some of Rose's first en thusiasm of speech should tone down, and that Michael and Esther when together should fpeak but little of Rose. And though her knowledge oi the secret trust etili rankled in Esthers mind and half poisoned the hours of happiness that she might have caught as they went by, she never let Michael guess at her suspicion even by a word. But her silence on this came as much from fear of truth as from strength to face it. She feh ss if sife could forgive Michael everything, even the truth, if this were true, if only she felt sure that he loved her now, however the love might have begun. Had Michael Perrin really in any true sense ever loved Esther f Heaven knows. He is a more than wise man who himself knows whether he loved a woman — until he coee know it, with every sense he has, and with every thought, and with every atom of his stral He had overflowed with pity and with the romance that he found clinging to her : he had found, or had made, her beautiful, and the intensity of ber whole nature had proved in itself a powerful, even tyrannous charm. Bat — unless one is a woman — to love a tyant ope must be love indeed. One day be arrived a little later than nsuai at the farm. It was Esther's usual habit to meet him at the gate of the garden and to walk up to the house with him, but to-day he found he- in the par lour sewicg, with Rose to help her. She let him see her give a glance at the clock as he came in, for she exacted attention to tne uttermost mmnte as wen as to the uttermost thought. But he was a little absent in manner, and it was cot her glance which he answered. 'I don't I . -E much like a bringer of new?. i'i If he eaid. And I don't feel like one either — until yon help ne_ I'm late t-trdey bectnse I had to write a letter. A men in tbe United Slates wants to start rbe machine.' Rose had never heard of the machine. Est Esther sprang up, and held oat both her hand. 'Good news t It is just gloritns gladder in the world 1 What did yon meaD by frightening me T ' Because — I must go to America in tec days.' Esther turned pale, and for once forgot to watch R-ee. ' Yon sntui go V ' Unless I mean to give up the work of my life, I must go. Yen know what I mean yon know all that hanzs upon my doing that work — my father's fame, my fortune, and — more. I mutt go Esther — unless you tell me to stay.' 'I shall not teli yen to stay. Da you suppose I don't feel what a man's wore ought to be to him f A woman would tea po--r creature indeed if Ehe let ber- eelf stand between bis heart and his hands. Of course you will — so For t'-Wjoeg ' Tsey do things quickly out there: and when tie machine is once built and Etarted it wiii do without me. Bat I dare not trust the desigas oat of my own hand. Perhaps three months — certamiy not a aay more tnan must oe. I would not go if I did not feel that if I let slip one chance I ehall never deserve to Lave any other. Bat wh2t does make it hard is that I must lose even the best part of my ten days' grace ; I muet be in London, with lawyers and lithographers, with so e j little time to! nee that — only I couldn't help it — I ought even now to be in the train and ty the next I mutt go. Yes — I lave but eve minutes more till I come d"wn on the last day to Bay good bye.' Before be had finished speaking, K"se had slipped away. Esther came to him. She threw her arm? round him and held np her face ont of my life ' ehe said. ' Who knows anything — anything in tbe world f But go now — I won't be foolieh wh-n you come to me aos-jn. I won't even ask yon again if you love me — if you'll say it once more, i -w. If yon'll say it now, I'll believe it lid I die. Michael — aay you love me, only mr, and nobody else in the whole world !' Only a hero conld have said No to ber tbeo ; ana at tucn time; not even neroes have been famous for saying No. ' You know I do.' ' Me only — me always — ' Only and always 1 — Good-bye.' ' Good- bye.' She was still holding his hand, and he was lingering after the last of tbe five minntes had gone, when Rose came back — with dry eyes. It was not for her to let even the walls of her own room know bow mncb the loss of three months sunshine meant to her : her own flight had frightened her, and ehe conld not tell that her return would shorten a lovers' parting. ' Good-bye, Esther,' he said, letting her band go; 'on Friday week I shall see you once more. Good- bye, Rose,' he said hurriedly, taking her band for the quickest instant before he was gone. And then, though Michael and Rose might choose to be blind, the scales fell from Esther's eyes and she saw. It ia the hand of tbe woman he loves that a man touches the latest before he goes. (Tobe concluded in our next. ) 