FRANCE. Three powers . are contending for the mastery in France— Popery, Infidelity, - .and Evangelical. Christianity. They are indeed, the great powerB so contending in all the countries of Western Europe, and in all the countries to which European colonisation and European civilisation have extended ; but France may be regar ded as at present their chief battlefield, to which the eyes of all the world may well be turned, for the issues of their con flict there cannot but greatly affect the interests and future history even of re mote nations, and will certainly go far to determine the course of events in all the countries of the south and west of Europe, the characters of their Governments, and the happiness or misery of their popula tions!' .Political (questions, dynastic ques tion much as they. div i de and agitate the French people, are of little impor- tance'in' comparison with the question , which! of these three powers is to prevail ? They merely move the surface of the waters,' however much there may be of transient , "commotion and raging of the waves, but these move them to their ut most depths, like the submarine earth quakes,. or more peacefully and more per manent) lifeehe' influent of the moon. Political an'ieyen'dyn'iwtic-'iiuestions de-. pen"d/upoh!(them/ ! Is' France to continue under(' a ; republican . Government, or to an- empire? Is its .'Government, ifr'it (c6ntiuues to be republican," 'to/be constitutional as 'at pre- seni or communistic P that fis, is it to be , one under which (wise men. may live in' peace and .be' tolerably well contented) or is it'to!be one in which 'law andI order have disappeared, and . life and property are ever at the mercy of a surging mob? ThelauswNer to the first of these questions will be known when it is seen if 'Popery — TTllramontanism— is to prevail; for unhappily the cause of monarchy in France, in all its forms of Legitimism,. Orle'anism, and Imperialism, is linked with that of Ultramontanism. The » answer to the second question is similarly connected with the possibility of a tern- porary triumph of Infidelity 'in its most' extreme form, — atheism, with a total ne gation of the laws of morality. . . In' speaking bf Popery, Infidelity, and Evangelical Christianity as at ' present contending for the mastery in France and' in the world, we use the term of Popery advisedly, and not 'Komanism, becguse'it better conveys our meaning. . It is the Popery of Jesuits and otlier Ultramon- tanes', of Pope Pius IX.'s Syllabus, and of the Vatican decrees that we mean — the Popery of Papal bulls which, before the Vatican Decrees were passed, many Romanists rejected ' and reprobated. ' It ' is the Popery which exalts the Pope as the one: supreme ruler of the whole earth subjecting to him'- the consciences of in dividuals 'and the laws of nations.' " Liberal Catholics" there are many in France, aB elsewhere in Romish countries; . and some of tbem, we are happy to think,' have' received the' love of the truth unto salvation, imperfect as their knowledge of the truth- must yet be, seeing that thoy have not come out of the Church of Rome; more of'them are probably in a1 state of hesitation, not sure what to think' on the 1 great questions! of1 religion, but not un favorably disposed towards Protestantism' or Evangelical - Christianity ; and still more,' we fear, are more or less under the influence of infidelity, retaining their pro fession! of religion for convenience — per haps because it pleases their mothers or wives) perhaps because they have a strong dislike to the systems which would apparently1 'come into its place if it were' abolished— more than - from any belief which they have of any religious truth. As to infidelity, it appears in a vast variety of forms; from a pseudo- Christian ity like Renan's to that dark Atheism which 'bears its natural fruit in the wild- est excesses of Communism. We use the term Evangelical Christianity rather than Protestantism,' because although the term Protestantism properly signifies nothing else than Evangelical or true Christianity, the Protestant Church in France is tainted' with Rationalism and, in so far as the Protestaints of France are Rationalists their influence -in the great struggle' now going on, is not cordially on the side- of Christianity. There has; however; been such a revival and 'increase of ' Evangelical " religion in ' the Protestant Church -of France,' and' such increase 'of the number of Protes tants -by- conversion's from 'Romanism, -that- theeause-'of Evangelical' Protestantism' haSj-;fwithin no great number of years, gained -greatly 'in' strength: The consti-' tution' of the" French' Protestant Church recognised by the State, may be described as Presbyterian, although its Presby- ' terianism is pervaded' with Erastianism,' all its system of Church-government being prescribed by the law' under which it re ceives State . recognition and support, with'many regulations, some of which are; veryt objectionable in principle and very injuriouS/in practice. Notwithstanding-; all difficulties arising from this cause, however, the Evangelical party has ac quired power in the Church to a degree that may well seem wonderful, when we call to mind its low condition in the early part of the present cebtury, or even a much smaller number of years ago. The Synode General , which met in Paris in 1872, after much keen debating, adopted a profession of faith for the Church, by no means all that the most zealous ortho dox men would have desired, but asser ting the great fundamental truths of Christianity, and, therefore, detestable to the Rationalists, who desired to remain free of all creeds, and— whilst professing themselves Protestants, and enjoying cer tain advantages from that profession- free to hold whatever religious opinions they might please. The Conseil d'Mai took the part .of the Rationalists, and re fused to bind the electors of the Conseils Presbytcrals—which somewhat answer to,: the kirk-sessions of the Scotch Presby- terian Churches—and of what wb might describe in Scotch phrase as the, superior Church Courts, to adhere to that profes-, sion of faith. . Iu 1881 an / official /Synqd' met in .Marseilles, which' recognised and confirmed the action of the Paris Synod ..of lS72,but no. legal sanction of this act' of itho', Synod was obtained; and the Church remains, therefore, in the state in which it1 was, divided between Rational ism and Evangelical Protestantism, but with the latter element continually increa sing and the former diminishing, notwith standing the undue power, which the lav\r( determining' the constitution of. Church ' courts gives to the Rationalists, when .they happen to be, as they often are,' per- sons of greater wealth , and payers of('a greater 'amount of taxes than their Evan gelical neighbours. There are! 63S. pas- , tors in the Reformed Church of ' France, and 435'of them have given their adhe rence to the decision of the Marseilles Synod, There, has lately been a trial of strength ;between the Rationalist and Evangelical sections of the Protestant Church in Paris, which, we are happy to say, has .resulted in a decided victory of the Evan gelical party. Some explanation of the circumstances is necessary. We take it from a letter of the Paris correspondent of the Record, of date March 21; 1882 :— " Although the law says there shall be a Consistorial' Church a Presbytery, or something like it for a population 'of 6,000 Protestants, it was understood that aif the large cities, Paris, Bordeaux, Nimes, Lyons, aud Marseilles, would each form only one parish, headed by one Conseil Presbytcral. But to facilitate the pastoral duties, Paris was practically divi ded into eight parishes, forming altogether with the suburban churches, one Consis- toire\ Presby teryj. With this arrange ment the, elections for the Conseil Presby - teral in Paris have always been carried' by the Orthodox- party, but the city is divi ded into eight parishes, having each its Conseil JPre'sbyteral." It was Baid, with respect to an election then about to take! place of members of the Consistoire of 'Paris. " The ' Liberal Party that is.the Rationalist party expects to be victorious in . two or three of them, especially at the 'Oratoire, which is a business district. In that- case, they would 'in such parishes' elect 'Liberal ministers ; there is not one now among the official Protestant clergy of our capital." But ; the Rationalists were not/victorious.' In six parishes of the city the election gave an overwhelm ing majority -to the Evangelical party. THe 'Consisfoire1 of Paris now consists of 28- Evangelical members' and 6 Liberals or Rationalists., - The progress of the Gospel has been greatf in France;1 since that revival " began in the- -Protestant Church early in. the present century, which ' may bo said to have owed its origin— under. God— to'the. labours of ' Robert'-Haldaue.- If has ex- 1 tended ' ever since,- and -much as ' there is ;of evil in the state of France at the present day) it is /vastly 'better than it was at the . outbreak of the 'great Revolution, when :the 1 darkness of Popery and the .'darkness of ' Infidelity : covered : the ' whole-/ land ;; which' is 'not so now, so that 'the future may be 'contemplated with muclv hope: The work of evaugelisation continues to be'actively carried on in all parts of France,- and- with much evidence of Divine blessing. Many have recently been added to the Church, both from the ranks of Romanism and from those of -Infidelity. A wide door and eftectual has' been opened, aud almost- ^every where " a -great' readiness - is manifes- ' ted ' to listen" to'. the' preaching 'of the Gospel, which, to the groat majority of the French people of all classes, is as: new; and surprising as if thoy were, inr habitants of a heathen country, to- the 'shores of' which the first bearers of the glad '.tidings of salvation had just' come. Much interest concerning the great ques tion of the truth and claims of Christianity has been awakened amongst many who can yet only be regarded as inquirers ; and very many show themselves utterly dissatisfied both with the miserable super stitions of Romanism and the dark hope lessness of Infidelity. M. De Pressense, addressing a meeting at the Mildmay Park Conference in June, concerning the progress and prospects of the evangelistic work now going on in France, after adverting to the full liberty of preaching the Gospel now for the first time enjoyed, said that " wherever the agents of the Mission Interieure present themselves in France, they find such a reception as they never before met .with. If there were ten times as many men/ and a hundred times the money, the work might be extended inde- finitiyely in France. ' There was at .the present time very much thought given to these ) subjects) /''It was true there was a' great '.deal of unbelief, - bub there was a great, deal 'of/ interesl' shown ,in listening to the trutb." :I-Ie, bore testimony also to ithe perfect "harmony existing among ' alltbhe, churches and societies that are. en- 'gaged in', prosecuting evangelistic work, in France/ ,. 1 ' ' ' , . ' The ignorance as to .everything religious .or connected with, religion of great multi tudes of the 'people among whom that work js carried on is marvellous, — ignorance of which the!' blame rests entirely on. the Church of Rome, -and. which is indeed tbe- . natural, fruit of a system that, wherever it cau 'be carried out in perfection, care- fully keeps the Bible out of, the ' hands of the .people. Some, remarkable illustra tions of. this .ignorance, and at. the same time of.the-.nature and success, of evange listic work, iu 'Franco, will be found in the following extracts from an address de livered by 'Ml .Mas'sis of Toulon at one of the May. meetings . of last, year in Lon don:—" I gave a, Bible;" he said,'," to a woman, who promised to tell me what she found in it. , She asked, Did you write it yourself ?" A, woman whomever heard the Gospel preached came to one of, our meetings, to listen. She said she was very much intei'ested'with the preaching. ' She had heard about Jesus .Christ crucified before; but the- preacher spoke about three crosses. It was explained that . the crosses were erected for the crucifixioniof the Lord Jesus and, the two thieves. She said, ' I always thought up to that time, that, the th'ree crosses represented one for God the Father, one for God the- Son, and one for God the Holy Ghost.' That was an educated woman. . I gave a Gospel to a man' who had never-seen it before. He read' and re-read it, and found in it' tlio Word of Life, .the result. being that he has come out as a real Christian. I gave a copy of it to an Italian woman, which she took, 'thinking she'would not be able to un derstand it. 'The priests,' she said, ' never/ allow' us .to rea'd it!' She, read it, came to our meetings, and her soul was saved. A Romanist bought a Bible. The priest, when he heard she was reading it, ordered it to bo- destroyed,. and so it was. After a time we opened' a . preaching-place near where lie' lived, and he heard us singing Moody and Sankey's hymns, aud this Romanist came from curiosity. What was his astonishment, to . find that we ' were preaching , from the same Book that he He came afterwards to speak to me. I-Ie said, 'Now I know the Book that you have preached from. '. T burnt it because the priest ordered me to do it, but now I desire, to '.have, it again.' I wished to make him a present, of one, but he insisted on paying for an expensive copy, '.aud'now'he is. a/true child of God. A bigoted 'Roman Catholic, woman, aged eighty.rfouv, came into a cliapel that we have rented, and, after having heard the preaching three times she learned the truth. In the ' middle of the night she awoke under conviction of sin, and. told her daughter to fetch me. I and another 'went'the following, morning, and we had the great joy -of finding her groaning under the' burden of sin. We simply showed; her :;the Gospel way, and she accepted salvation; That woman joined a congregation! two and a half years airo. A drunkard had , also been converted ; his wife was converted/before him, and ho, used to /beat her.; lie, however, came to- the meeting from curiosity ; he hid himself-'away in a corner of : the hall, but : in that 'corner the: Lord"' found, him, aud to-diiy-' he is' a child of God. We have seven halls in and about Toulon, in which we preach tlio Gbspel fifty-six times a /month. ; ' Our; /chief opponents aire the, priests, .who spread. all sorts of rumours against us." ' i Weica,unot' part/from this part of our. \- subject/ without! .referring / to ; 'the heavy loss 'wHich'thb Me All Mission' has just sustained;' in/ the! fleath',; ' through a "dis- tressing accident, of the Rev. G. T. Dodds, a minister of the Free Church of Scotland, the able and' indefatigable coad jutor of Mr. Mc All;' fin Pairis. May the Lord speedily send another! such as he to fill his place ! 5 , v/ / ;i After what we have seen ofthe religious ignorance in which the French people have been left by their Romish priests, it is with wonder and indignation, rather than with approbation and sympathy, that we behold the Romish clergy and, the Clerical party vehemently contending against the new educational! law which, baoishes .re- ligious instruction from the.,. public/ or National schools/ V'ThiSf law, -which caline., j-. into operation, between five and six tnohbiis ago, is .in ! many respects a very .bad' one, v, and as much disliked? by Protestants as by, the most ardent Romanists. The passing of it might be regardeda3 nothing(ii f else than a( 'victory of ;Lifi'deliby, unless there were reason. .to ' thinlc/thab many. v voted for it, in both' DIousos pf'the/'Ebgis- 1,1 ' labure, mainly from the dread of the effeccs likely to be produced , by the im- buiug ofibhe miuds of tbeiyoung vvith.tjie . . : p'riuci pies of i Ul bramontanism/to which in France/as in rothor countries, /the .Romish , jT clergy have of late -years 'specially. rleVbtedi ,'' themselves, with a new-born zeal for edu cation having this end 'and -no other. It is Isuch a law as ih/ many things,- besides ' l '- this prohibitiou of religious insfcru'ctibii:in ' public schools, would be deemed iatolor- able in Britain, being irreconcilable with our .British motions of ..liberty, and of the 'riglits'cof-'parents;" "Making 'educatioii? compulsory, it . extends inspeetid'u' to private schools of every, class, .as -well /as , to all. public or: State-aideda schools, and ' requires even children who are under the tuition? of , tutors or. -governesses tin the' i homes of their parents to' undorgo examina tion annually -by 'public'- examiners, the parents to' be compelled to send, 'them forthwith' to a. public or private school if, the examiner > deems the r result i of the , examination ..unsatisfactory; , It -imakes - the Primary School- Inspector- -a member of theMunicipal i School) Commission. '(or School Board) . of every commune, 'and1- ' gives the people of the commune no direct voice in- 'the appointment' of any of the members, of this 'School Board. It is, however, the enactment prohibitory of all religious instruction in public schools wlneh is specially? of interest to rus. . - A,- motion.# by M.. Jules r Simoncthat, school masters should'' be-'Tequired- ii'to", teach;:;," children 'their duty to ' God-was ' rejected 'by the Senate, 123 members vobiug for 'it aud .167 : against it, and tho/ Act was passed making education in the public 'primary schools of France so. exclusively secular as not even to admit of any men- tion of God. In private schools the teaching of religion; is jtolemtea-l./it/is ; loft optional to the'teacher. The' passing of the Act caused great dismay among Protestants as well as» among Romanists, for there were ..many .State-aided -Pro- fcestant schools, - upon which Protestant parents much relied- for the religious education of their children. A specimen of its operation may be given. Nob long after, it ,was ..passed," the inspector,- of National Primary Schools visited - a nourishing. Protestant school,' of which the master, and 'the mistress, the,. Paris correspondent , of the Rceord says, are " earnest . Protestant Christians," and addressed them to , the following, effect : " From . this day you, . bocome lay teachers. Let all the .Bibles, the cate chisms, and manuals of sacred his tory be taken away. ' No longer say a prayer in beginning; and in closing your day's work: .that was well formerly ; now it lias no place in tho State schools." 'The Protestants, however, have quietly sub mitted 'to .the- law, , at the-, i same time setting themselves to. devise uew means for securing the religious instruction of their, children ; the Romish clergy, on the contrary,, at once adopted a course of resistance to it, which . probably they- Iioped that tliey might bo able successfully to carry out, because a great, number of the teachers in public primary schools are members of the Romish brotherhood of Freres de let Doctrine Chretienne (Brothers of Christian Doctrine), whom the Government has been obliged-tb re tain in office as ! teachers , because it , lias not lay. teachers to 'appoint //in/! their stoad. ; Extreme measures migiit.probably have been adopted by tho Government in the enforcement of the new law, directing/ its operation in the most decided manner against all religion, /if' the Gambotta ministry had still, been in power, with the notable Atheist) M. Pan" I Bert/for/;., one of its members ; but M. Julos Ferry, who lately held -the office of Minister .of., Public Instruction, .issued instructions, some two/months ago to all the masters and mistresses of national primary schools, concerning the application of the law, evi- ! deritly intended to calm the apprehensions., . . of, those who thought it - likely- -to be em- / ployed against\?religion aud in itfavour of \- ; Scepticism or t of ( Atheism. -The i (Minis terial . circular'- 'says : "The instituteur \- schoolmaster does not take the place of the priest or the father. He unites his efforts to theirs in order to form ' , honest and good cifci zens. H e must avoid in his teaching all such dogmatic subjects . as might wound the conscience of any ; of . his pupils; but tbe schoolmaster must, both in bis language and in- his attitudes, \--avoid whatever might hurt the -religious beliefs of those intrusted to him ; , all that ' would tend, to disturb the. child's 'mind; or would exhibit lack of. respect for ; religion, would , be a .serious .- fault .,( une .. mauvaise action )." - There,! cam be ,no./doubt('that;this new? v!ieducational'aw,'(whilst.'(it was under dis-; "fcussion in 'the Legislature,1 received the warm'/support "of all/ the A theists, off. "' France, aud that they , hailed the..passing; 'of if as a victory .of Athoism:. Buf.;it is' equally certain, that , it .was. supported by , many whose, support of it proceeded -from- . anti-clerical-- rather u thani 'anti-religious . feeling,, and who regarded it as affording ' the only available - means off putting a- stop to that teaching of Ultramontanism > 'in the schools, in which they saw the pros- ' pect of tho overthrow , of. the., republican , constitution, and. the more enlightened) of them saw..,the-- prospect=-of' the" ruin off Francei - iTherecisi much (that/ .is to be deplored in the-law ; -God forbid that it- should 'be/made a -precedent for Britain.1 But, the circumstances -of " the two coun- - tries are widely different ; and if the law" conlinues, to: bo interpreted as it is by M. Jules Ferry's circular, it will -probably do more good than.,,harm-TTpcrhaps -we should rather, say, ..will/ prevent more evil/ , than it will produce. An amusing thing, -in (connection:- with - the excitement . in' sFrauce about this educational law; is that. the Ultramontane clergy hhv/o come/ forward as very zealous ' in maintaining the rights of parents'. The rightsofparents ! - . .Well do these.bishops and priests know that the Syllabusv.of - Pope Pius IX. leaves -no rights/to parents -- as/to -the education of (their -children, but (transfers them all'to the priests. 