A CHURCH MOUSE. "I must trust to your instinct," muttered the traveller, letting the bridle fall upon bis horse's neck. The eye of an owl would be at fault on such a night as this. Be quiet, you brute! Do you mean to repay my confidence by breaking my neck ? " The animal bad shied so violently as nearly to throw his rider, and stood trembling in every muscle, master peered through the darkness in the endeavor to make out the cause of his .terror. He oould perceive before ftim the dim outline of a dismantled church, with its brood of grave stones clustered about it. Beside the road, so olose that he could have touched it with bis whip, he discovered an indistinct white object crouching upon one of the graves. Besolvod upon knowing what it was, he dismounted and approached it. As be did so, it arose and fled rapidly away. With his cariosity now fully aroused he followed it. As it neared the church it turned Buddenly and confronted him. At this moment a broad glare of lightning flashed athwart the sky and he saw before him a young girl dressed in a thin, water-soaked garment, her frftir falling in drenched coils upon her shoulders. For an instant her white, scared face was turned towards him and her large, sorrowful eyes met his with an appealing look, the" she seemed to melt into the solid body of the church. As well as the darkness permitted, he ex amined the spot where she had disappeared, but could not find an opening through which she could have escaped. He called aloud that he was a friend, and that she had nothing to fear. The only answer was the weird wail of the tempest through the broken arches. With a feeling f-lrin to superstitious terror, be bastily re mounted liis horse, and did not draw rein until he reached the viUiage inn. "Who occupies the old church yonder?" he inquired of the landlord. " Ah! you have seen it," exclaimed the landlord, mysteriously. " It ? " echoed the traveller. " I saw what I fafce to be a poor demented girl." " You saw the spirit of one," answered the host solemnly. " Eveiy one here knows the etoiy. When she was alive her name was Ada Morton. Her father died a year back, leaving her heiress to Ms property. As she was yet a minor, he appointed his friend Stephen Eastbuni her guardian, who, in case of her death unmarried, was to inherit the property. It is said that be beat, starved, and cruelly ill-treated her. The night—just such a night as this—she disappeared. Her hat a,pii cloak were found on the river bank next morning. It was plain that the poor creature had sought deliverance from her persecutor by suicide. This was three months ago. Her body was never found, but her spirit has often been seen in the churchyard where her father Meanwhile the man who drove her to her death lives at ease in her father's bouse on the hill." The traveller was evidently deeply interested in the story, but he made no comment upon it. Merely informing the landlord that he should remain for a week or two, he retired to bis roam. like many other young men of fortune Charles Barclay was afflicted with two much jpianrp. His sole object in this part of the country was merely a languid search after amusement. The landlord's stoiy had strongly aroused his curosity. Moreover, the young girls sad face and beseeching glance in the churchyard had made a strange impression upon him. Something in her improbable history had led him to form a vague suspicion of a truth nearly as improbable. Eagerly accepting the possible chanoe of an exciting experience, he determined to aft the matter to the bottom. Without dropping a hint as to his intentions he left the inn on thg next night shortly after eleven o'clock and proceeded to the old church. The place was Bilent and deserted; not even a stray dog -was to be seen wandering about the churchyard. An ineffably dreary air hung about the place, depressing hie spirits and almost resolved him to abandon his object. But a sentiment of pride urged •frim on, and he cautiously made his way into the church and sat down in one of the pews. For more than an hour nothing occurred to attract his attention. He became drowsy and was on the point of foiling to sleep where he sat, when a low, weird peal from the old organ moaned through the church. He Bat erect and listened with suspended breath. The sound rose higher and clearer, and pre sently the sweet, but mournful tones of a woman's voice joined it. He could make out the words of a prayer for the wretched. After a moment the music ceased, and he could hear the singer eobbing in a low, heart broken way that brought teare to his eyeB. He strained his eyes through the darkness, but could make out nothing. Arising, he called out: " Whoever you are, you Me in sorrow and affliction. I cannot see you. I will not pur sue you. All I desire is to be your friend Will you answer me ?" There was no reply, and the weeping sud denly of""*? After a moment of hesitation he made his way to thB organ loft and struck a match. No one was visible, nor was there the smallest trace of the recent presence of any human. being- Considerably startled be left the church, determined to repeat his ex periment on the following night. Providing himself with a dark lantern, he went to the church on the next night, and pecreted himself near the organ. As before it was nearly midnight before he became con-xious of the presence of another person in the buildiug. On this occasion the organ was not played, but there was a slight rustle #s of a woman's dress, and presently he heard the same low bitter weeping. Quickly arising, he shot the raja of the lantern in the direction whence the sounds proceeded. Not more than three ysrdt from him, in the broad glare of the light, he be* held the girl whom he had met in the. churobyard. She was looking at him with an expression of intense-terror in her white face and tear-wet eyes. As she stood eowering before him she reminded him of some, inno cent animal crouching at the hunter's feet. With an aocent of deep pity he addressed her: "I saw you in the churchyard the night before last; I spoke to you last night. I am not an enemy, nor an idle curiosity-seeker. I earnestly want to aid you. Will you not trust me?" Seeping her eyes fixed upon him with the same distrustful look, she answered in a faint far-off voice : " Your friendship or your enmity can be nothing to me. The world you live in by its wickedness and cruelty, drove me to my I am doomed to haunt this place j until justice is done upon my destroyer." " You are tiying to mislead me,,' exclaimed Barclay. You are no spirit, but, a poor, starring, homeless young girl. You have suffered miserably, and I have resolved to i restore you to your rights, as well as exact reparation from the man who has wronged you." He advanced towards her as he spoke and i stretched out his arms to seiae her. For an instant she seemed uncertain how to act, then even as his band seemed to pass bodily through i her shape, she melted into the shadows of the [ place. This time he did not pursue her. Her mysterious escape, which seemed to oonflrm her own words, began to impress him with the belief that he had indeed confronted a visitant from the other world. Kext morning, however, cool reflection famght him that he might easily have deceived himself in his excitement. He therefore resolved all the more obstinately to pursue the investigation. for three nights following he secreted himself in the chureh and awaited her ap pearance, but his watch was fruitless. This chhHqti on her part fully oonvinoed him that he was dealing with a human being and not with an impalpable phantom. Meantime in pursuance of the suspicion which the landlord's story had imparted to him, he found a pretence on which to make the acquaintance of Stephen Eastburn, The j man impressed him unfavorably at first sight, j Tall and gaunt of figure, with small, restless grey eyes and a false smile, he seemed to Barclay to be . capable of any villainy. The young man was careful to avoid mentioning the supposed ghost, and departed with an in vitation to call again. On the fourth night Barclay again secreted himself in the church. It was oold for the season, and he shivered in his hiding-place, j despite his warm clothing. Hour after hour ; passed away, and he was beginning to fear j that his errand would again prove fruitless, 1 when-a faint light in the body of the church j caught his eye. As it rose higher, he could see that it proceeded from a small heap of I sticks collected upon the stone floor. Crouch* ing over it, and extending her thin fingers to the flame, he beheld the figure of the young girl. Evidently overcome with the cold, she had ventured to indulge in the small comfort in the hope that it might escape notice. falling off his shoes, Barclay crept up be hind her, and before she was aware of his presence, seised her in his strong grasp. " I knew you were no ghost," he said smil ing; "though if you continue this life much longer you will become one." She uttered a faint cry of terror, and sank back. "Spare me," she sobbed. "I am only a poor, homeless, friendless girl who never wronged any one. Why do you pursue me ?" "For your own good, my poor girl," ho said, kindly. " Why will you not believe in my good intentions ?" " IVhy should I P" she cried, passionately. t: Did not my father's trusted friend, the man who had sworn to be my second father, seek my life P" " Ah!" said Barclay, with a start. " My conjecture was true, then. He decoyed you to the river, and, after believing you safely out of the way, left your cloak and hat upon the bank to give the impression that you committed suicide ?" " Yes," she Answered; " but the river was more merciful than he, for it cast me ashore alive. Sickly with horror, and madly afraid of the whole world, I came here where my father lay, to die upon his grave. But it is hard for one so young to die. I have lived I here these three months, suffering, freezing, | dying. That I was taken for my own ghost | was fortunate for me, for it kept eveiyone away from, and aided me to get what little would keep me alive after nightfall. And I have encouraged the superstition. How you ' know all. If you are the man's emissary, may God forgive you and help me." <( I am an emissary of mercy," returned Barclay. "I am here to do justice on a villian and to restore you to your rights. Will you trust and help me P" She looked up at him. "You have a good, kind face," she said, offering him her hand. " I will trust you." " Then," said Barclay, " keep up the character you have assumed for one more day To-morrow night I shall bring Eastburn here with witnesses. Do you play on the organ when you hear us enter. When-I turn the dark lantern upon you arise and denounce him as your murderer. We can safely leave him to accuse himself." "I will do as you wish," she answered, brokenly. " How can I thank you ? " "By following my directions," replied Barclay, brusquely, to hide his own emotion. With a few words more of advice he left her. His next move was to go directly to the landlord of the inn, relate the whole stoiy, and secure his support. At ten o'clock on the nest night, in company with the landlord, he called upon Stephen Eastburn. Cutting short his smooth saluta tion, Barclay said : " Mr. Eastburn, the obscure manner of your ward's death has given rise to strange rumors in the village. Her spirit is said to wander in the old church. We desire you to accompany us there to-night in order to set those stories at rest." Eastburn's jaw dropped, his face became livid, and he was barely able to reply in a quivering voice : " Ghost! absurd 1 Bo you mean to make a fool of meP I will not go to the church at this hour of the night." " Allow me to observe," said Barclay sternly " that the rumors, unless you aid in dissipa ting them, may culminate iu a charge of murder." Something significant in his tone seemed to render Eastburn suddenly submissive. " Of course I will go, out of politeness, if you insist- We shall probably bag a church mouse. They are proverbially so starved as to be incapable of flight." No reply was given to this lame attempt at humour, and in a very uncomfortable frame of mind he went to the church and was shown to a pew in the dark between them. After a moment of silence the low tones of the organ sounded through the chureh accompanied by a woman's voice. "Whatis this!"cried Eastburn, storting up. " Whose voice was that ? " " Be silent," said Barclay sternly. " Good reason have you to hear that voice with guilty horror." At the same instant the glare from his lantern fell broadly upon the organ. Stand* ing before it, looking down at them, was the figure of Ada Morton. "Oh, God," groaned Eastburn, chokingly* " My sins have found me out. She has come back from the other -world to accuse me of her death." "Yes," said the girl solemnly. "Stephen Eastburn, you are my murderer." "X confess it," shrieked the terror-mad* dened wretch; " I ask no xneroy from man, for the grave has condemned me. Take me away—hide me from this awful sight." The light was turned out and tlie girl's figure disappeared. The horror- smitten East burn, shrieking mingled prayers and cursee, was taken to the Tillage and imprisoned on the double eharge of fraud and attempted murder. In the course of time he was con victed and punished. On the same day that he was sentenced, Barclay called upon Ada Morton, now in stalled in her father's house. With her re storation to her rights, she had. recovered iter health and beauty, and it waB with a strange feeling of mingled hope and fear that the young man took her hand and said: " I have called to eay good-bye, Miss Mor ton." " The bright smile faded from her face and a look of pain came in its place. "You are going away?" I had hoped you would stay with us." " My work here is done," he answered. " I have restored you to your home, and to-day your enemy received the punishment of his crimes. What more is there to do ? " " Nothing," she returned, brokenly, " but to forpet the poor girl whom you have befriended. That will not be easy." " No," he replied earnestly, " So difficult that I shall never accomplish it.. To stay as your friend is impossible, I must go away: and labor to crush out this longing, the love for you, which has overgrown my whole heart, or stay to cherish it for your sake. Tell me, dear Ada, which must I do ? " She looked up at him shyly, and came nearer to his side as she whispered," Stay." 