I ; OUR HOBNRT LETTER ' .(iraoit ODB OWNpOBBESrbNDENT.) '. -, ' . ' ' '. ' ''.':'??' ' ' ' , Tuesday... There is a rumour current here that ' another political manoeuvre is on the tapis, and that the leader of the Opposition is ?? to be offered a poaitlon of third Judge: ? ship, to -fill the vacancy which will be caused by the retirement of his Honor tho Recorder, Jno. 'Whitefoord, Esq. Recently I wrote giving the expressions of the Rev. Georgo Clarke and tho Premier on the all-iniportant question of religious teaching in State schools, and now another public man lias taken ad- ? vantage V of an opportunity offering of ventilating his opinion on the snbjoct. The two gentlemen above- mentioned gave no uncertain sound on the matter, stating that it was the fuuotions. of religious bodies, through Sunday-schools and Other means, of teaching their children religion, secular education alone being conducted by the State. The Rev. R. D. Poulett Harris, however, entertains different and very decided opinions on the. subject, and never loses an opportunity of taking up the cudgels on behalf of his theorythat ... : religious and secular education should go ' hand in hand, and boldly attacks the policy of 'Godless education1' as dele terious. At the distribution of prizes on ' Thursday last at St. Mary's Convent, school, he deplored tho action of New South Wales and Victoria in banishing : religion from their schools, asserting it will bring a Nemesis in its -train. What- . ever may be tho opinion of opponents. the rector deserves commendation for having the courage to give utterance to ? his opinions, especially wlien he advocates such an unsavoury policy as the, imparting of religious instruction in State schools is at the present time in the colonies. Jt is. not improbable that being one of the ' ; members of the -Education Commission, Mr. Harris will introduce the subject at its sittings. . . . . There has been a good deal of comment here recently on the Attorney- General and. Col. Treasurer accepting briefs in the lato Civil Sessions in Launceston, and a portion of the Southern Press has been; . very outspoken on the matter. Mr. Giblin's position was certainly an anoma- . . lous one. . As' Attorney-General and Grand Jury of Tasmania he dealt with the criminal charge against Messrs. Fletcher, preferred by Headlam, and as a private lawyer prosecuted the plaintiff in ' the above action on another charge, at - the instance of a member of the same family. Few if any who know Mr. ' ? Giblin 'would think for an instant that ' private cases or feeling would be allowed to interfere with his duties as criminal prosecutor ; but^ for his own and the . colony's sake, it is to bo hoped that such . an anomaly as that mentioned above will never recur. The cause of complaint against Mr. Dodds is a muoh simpler one, ? namely, the neglecting of public duty for private benefit, not a few contending that-. ? the State pays— and pays very consider- I ably — for the whole of the services of that ? ? « gentleman. Possibly an independent : ? member may ; ventilate the questions ,; alluded to when Parliament meota. ;-.. I have just been informed that ' labourers employed on a contract for making a road in the Huon district are ? receiving from 7s 6d to 8s per day. Pick ? ... : and shovel pays better no w-a-days than pen work, as many an unfortunate olerk- finds to his cost. Men who cannot read' or write earn considerably more' wages than gentlemen engaged as clerks, .-upon whom have been spent hundreds of pounds -? for education. . : ^ , ' Messrs. Arcbler, Cane, and Haywood, assisted by the leading lady and gentle- ? men amateurs of Launceston, will give a ' concert in the Launceston .(.Mechanics' Institute on the23rdinst. As. vocalist: - ' and instrumentalists the three gentlemen.,: named are in the first Hat of Hobart , amateur musicians, and should find equal, favour in the north. , : - - ? ' ? ., * ? = — :??'.. : .. ? ?'.' ? The Cascade Brewery Company.— ' The prospectus of the Cascade Brewery Company., has been published, by which, it is proposed to form'- with a : nominal capital of £225,000, for the pur pose of purchasing and working those \ well.-known properties at Hobart, com prised in the Cascade Brewery and free hold estate, and the breweries and free holds lately, belonging -to Mr. E. J. , James, Mrs. Walker, and Mr. W. Gracie. Out of 150,000 shares of £1 10s each, it is only proposed to issue 135,000 at' present, ' and 67,500 are offered to the public on easy terms. Applications for shares are to be addressed to the secretary, Mr. Jno. ' Hayle, at Bobart. : GHOSTS.— An attempt is boing mnde in the ,' ? old oountry to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are tho wonderful ' v stories that fill some of tho journals. The ? : sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley'B ghost :' How do ' I know thnt you are not a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all the ghost proauoerB, a bit of. ? 'heavy' broad is the most potent. It ib a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the ' r surest spell npainut ghosts by using Borwiok'a Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' itwiU raise bread in the most admirable fashion. ; ? Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and every ? good housewife buys it. : Mr. A. LrjOADOU-WELLS (member of the British Dental Association, lato House Surgeon ,r 'YVorcestor Doctal Hospital, and . Dental Sur-' goon Dental Institution for Children, England),. \ Brisbane-street east, next Launoeston Club; '-?'? operates under nitrous oxide gas,- chloroform',' j:..: ',]??' and ether spray.— (Advt.) Ministerial. — Owing to the Supreme Court concluding ita'biisiness earlier than anticipated the hon1. the Attorney General returned to Hobart by the express on Friday, 6th inst. Before leaving Mi-. Giblin spint an hour and, a half in inspecting tho' Hospital with the Chairman of the Hospital^ Board, Mr. ,G. T.. Collins. The hon. J. S. Dodds, Colonial Treasurer, has been during his. ? visit here transacting business connected with the Real Estates Duties Department and the Customs Department, and also ? paid another visit of admiration to. that -;strikingly ornamental and commodious structure near the Railway Station known as, the Kerosene Bonding Stores, which really ought to have a label affixed to it, as strangers nro constantly mistaking it for a much less pretentious kind of build ing. The Treasurer also returned to Hobart by the express. , ., '. ..-.?-,.'?.. ; LaunoeSton Football Club. — The annual ? meeting of members was held at the Criterion Hptelj on 6th- inst ; about, . fourteen members were present, and Mr.i Thos. Binney was ?voted to . the chair, j Mr.{ G.'T. Collins Wd's' .appointed' presi-;' dent, and the Rev.'W. H., Savigny. and! Messrs.: H. I. Rooke, M.H.A., arid W.: H. Dbdory, ' vice- presidents. '..'.!' - , NORTHERN' HOBTIODLTUBAri'.SoOIEiY.— ! In. our -report of the, Northern Horticul tural Society's show in pur last issue, , we' : gave the credit of the prize . winner, in: dahlias at the February ''ahowtothe Ash-! 'field instead' of the Bifroris collection, as: Mr. Wm. Hart secured ; the 'first special; prize for best 24 dahlias, Mr-.,W. T.Bell talnrig second honours. Mr. Bell, how-; ever, topk; the Society's prize for best 12, ; and . Mr. W, Gibson, junr., the special' for that number-. ?.:;,):/:,:..'?. : ' ' Mutual Iii;ptt6yBM_ENii AsspoiATroN. -7- The half-yearly meeting. of 'this. Assooia-; lion was held on Friday^ 6th inst. , Dr. j Thompson -occupying the .chair.! The! retiring office-bearers .and /members, of j Committee, .. were^re-elected as .follows :-r; Mr. John-JReid', president ; Mr! A. 'Mac-; dohald and Dr.Thdmpspniy.ice-presidents; - Messrs. John Wolfe and J. H. Lithgpw, j hon. secsl.j.Mr.; W. ;A. . Birchall,, trea- 1 surer; ; ^Messrs/ M. B. Robinson,;, J. M'lfahon,;' A. : Reidj'! H.: Cumirig',,' . J. : Sinclair, and J. D. Johnston members!of . Committee. The; Committee have, arranged,' ? an excellent syllabus f for : the ensuing1; quarter. ,:_ . '; ? ? ? ? „,..-..? . . ., A ' CoN.siDBRATii Act.— An old man' named M'Guire,' living at the Haymarket, . Sydney, died recently, leaving all his : wealth, -.about £25,000, in aid of the com pletion of St. Mary's Cathedral. It was ' pointed out to; A'rchbish op Vaughan that ; one1 of M'GuireJs near relatives was in dire ; ; distress, whereupon the Archbishop wrote . put a cheque for £2500 in his, favour. , -The Rev; Wm. Law;— The Rev.; Wm. . : . Law, pastor of Prince's Square Congrega tional Church, accompanied by Mrs. Law, left;, by the 'Mangana on Tueday- for Mel bourne; and: prooeeds on a visit' to England by the R.M.S. Australia. Tt is ! how.nearly 33 years since Mr. Law left his native land, having conie out in July, 1851, as a missionary to the South' Sea Islands, where' he was engaged three yeavsj and for over ,28 years he has occu . pied.the pulpit of the Prince's Square .Church. ;: During his long residence in Launcestori Mr, Law has been an ? active and'useful member of society; i taking a warm interest and a leading part in many of'our principal religious and Bocial insti tutions, and : has well earned the holiday ? he is nowaboutito enjoy. ! We-may hope ? , '?? to see hirn. .return . amongst us ? about Chiiatmas next ; during his ' absence his duties at' Prince's Square Church will, .be . concluded by the Rev.' ' Mr. Mirams, of^iotoria. ? . 'A .';'. Strange' Bird;— .The- other' day, says a Geelohg paper,- one of the duck shooters at Lake Opnriewarre shot.a large' white bird; from the description of which it is thought that it is the white ibis of Egypt; Unfortunately, the bird was cut up and used as bait for catching fish. It is stated- that several of .the same speoies' of bird have been seen . about the lakes during the past few days. ' Aper son who is looked upon as an authority ? on the subject, and who has resided here for some time, asserts that about 25 years since a white bird of the Egyptian ibis ; 'species was shot on the lakes at , Conne ' '''.'.-? warre. '..,;,.,,',' . ' ' '.-.. . '..',' Inquest.— 'An inquest was held on 9th inst., afc'Spicer's Hotel, Elizabeth .Town,, .'?.?':' j before. Dr. M'Neece, Coroner, and a ?respectable jury, of which Mr., John Spicer was foreman, on the. body, of Margaret Treanpr, who was found dead' in her, bed on , Saturday . night. , After, hearing the evidence of Dr. Rock and ? John Page, the jury brought in a verdict of death by alcoholic poisoning. :: Salmon Trout. — Last Tuesday a fish , was brought to our office for inspection \- under the impression that it was asalmony It was taken near the Tamor Heads by Mr. ;.W. Andrews, fisherman, and we understand that several similar ones have recently been caught in the river. Although not speaking positively we feel persuaded that the fish is a salmon trout, ' notonly because the snout is more obtuse ; than that of the salmon, but also because the operoular bones are deoidedly more ','?:.'? angular; the tail, too, is more deeply forked than that of the salmon. The fish ? measured ? fourteen inches, in length by three inches in depth, and .weighed about ,' abound;; .- :'?.??;,? '??''??) ..???'?????'?'??'.1 ?????' '-;'1 .Harvest ! ^Service. — A correspondent at Deloraihe writes :-^The Harvest Fes tival* at /.the Church of St. Mark on Sun day last attracted large congregations. The V-e-y Rev.: the Dean preaohed both morning and evening. The choral ser vices were intoned by the Incumbent, the'Rev. J. Evans ; the ohojr, under the organist, Miss Fitzgerald, doing their part in/a most efficient, manner. The church was : most beautifully decorated — the colony far and wide assisted— Mr. Wright, pfGlenorchy,' having kindly given hops for the purpose. In the afternoon the Very Rev. the Dean, with tho Incumbent and part of the choir, went to Benneo, to celebrate thore'the Harvost. Festival. The 'churchbeing smaller than that at Deloraine, the decorations could riot be of Biioh an elaborate character, but they were equally beautiful, the altar railing covered with barleyand berries being' especially notice able ; all was in keeping with the Harvest' Festival, ' which was earnest €and sincere. At:the conclusion of the service many of ithose present received . fruit and flowers.! In the evening, at Doibraine, the church was again crowded ; members of all deno minations attended, showing that a hearty sprvice is always appreciated.' The offer-: tories were devbtecVto the General CKurch ?Fund. ' ;,.;.','?'?'? ?'.;?,.' ., , ,'. . .?.-:'. , : The Anghoan Bazaak. — The bazaar; in, aid of the building fund for the Scotts dale and. BeaconsBeld parsonages came to, a conclusion, on Saturday evening, when, there was a very fair 'attendance. /Duririp;: the evening , Miss Acton Blair sang ' Oh, ' rest in the - Lord' with great expression and , taste, and in response to a well' merited encore gave' Kathleen Mavour neen ;' .Miss A. : M'Dopald also rendered asolp. The accounts in connection with the bazaar 'have J not ??' been .made . up yet, but. a rough estimate . gave! the ? following .results from' the difterent .stalls : — jMesdames Hales,. and Hopwoo.d, '£72 14s; Mesdames Sadler and Woods, £46 ; 6s 3d ; Mesdam6S Grubb and Bro wnrigg, £82,17a ; St.' Leonards stall,,£36; 10s 9dj ' Mrs. Fisher,' £8; taken at the door, £16 ,17s Cd. This,' however, onlygiv.es a. total of £263, and on Monday the treasurer had £266 m.;:hand. It is believed, the total ! receipts will prove to be about £270, and the balance, after deducting expenses, will raise theparsonage fund, to, some £500, a result that must be very gratifying to the ladies who in response to the invitation of Archdeacon Hales less than six months ago -formed themselves into- a committee and took the matter in hand. Archdeacon Hales desires to express his hearty thanks to the ladies who. initiated and carried put the bazaar with such, energetic- and: un tiring, spirit, . and to those who so -kindly assisted by rendering enjoyable; musical selections ; to Mr. Thos. Gunn. who,., in addition to a liberal donation, erected all the'sialls withoutcharge ; toMr.Birch'all, who gratuitously lent ;and removed' .the excellent piano used, arid 'last! but' not least, to the public who so. liberally patronised the bazaar. ' There are a quantity of goods still remaining 'on hand, which will probably be utilised in getting up supplementary bazaars at Scottsdale and Beaconsfield, and the residents.of those districts interested should not be slow in doing their part towards the' commendable object in view. ''!??'?? , OvEaoHAEGiNa foe Cab' Hire. —At the Police Court on Tuesday la?t a cabman named John Black was charged with having on March 20th 'demanded and re ceived from a passenger ' namud 'William Aiistin more than his legiil' faro; The evidence of Mr. Austin was to the effect that on the. date mentioned he ?: engaged the, defendant to drive him from the Launceston and Western Railway Station to the Club Hotel. Upon arrival ' at : the hotel he handed Black a two-shilling piece and asked for the change. , Black returned the coin, stating he would not take a shilling fare, that ho must have two shillings, or he would detain Mr. Austin's portmanteau. Upon this Mr. Austin paid him -the, fare he demanded/ In his defence Black stated that ho was entitled to charge threepence ; for the portmanteau, and urged that he wa3 one of the oldest cab- drivers now in town, and he had never before, been summoned to the Police Court for overcharging. The Police Magistrate said that was no ex cuse,, and it did not follow, that because Black had never be.en summoned that he had.never overcharged. . There ?? was. too much '. extortion of this description goin g on, and it was notorious that many of tho carmen preferred to carry strangers be cause they could more readily victimise them, and often refused' under various pleas to take residents of the town, who mew what the legal fares were. The Superintendent of Police remarked that carmen could not charge for luggage. The Municipal Council had no power to fix a charge for parcels, as the act only gave them power to fix -the fares for passengers. After a brief consultation the f Bench fined tho defendant 10s, -and costs 8s 6d, the Police Magistrate re-; marking that he considered Black had got off very lightly, for he might ha\'e been fined £2 and costs. Mr. Austin was to be commended for bringing the case before the Court, and '?? he (the Police Magistrate) wished that many more per sons. would take the same trouble, and so help to put do. wn the practice . of*; over- ? charging. ,: ,,: ?:?.!,.' ,(. ?-?.? .?? ?!:???; :.';' .1 The Turabour Major Company:, opens at the Meclmnioa' Institute on Tuesday next. . ; ; ,; v; '?'? OONriRMATION AT WeSTBUKY. — A_ COr reapondent writes :— There wns quite a stir amongst the Roman Catholic : por tion of our community on Sunday, owing to the fact that Bishop Murphy was to administer the sacrament of confirmation.1 OnSaturday Bishop Murphy examined the candidates, to the number of about eighty, in the doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church, and expressed ?' his pleasure at the manner in which the chil dren answeredj and reminded them how thankful they Bhould be to their pastor, Archdeacon Hogan, for having taken so much pains to have them well instructed.: On Sunday morning at an early -hour the children assembled, all the girls wear ing white veils. The distance some of these young ones came- showed the interest they took in the proceedings, many of them coming fifteen, miles, and some more than: twenty. Mass was cele brated at 8-30 by Archdeacon Hogan, during which those who were about to be confirmed received Holy 'Communion. After Mass the children proceeded to the iBerriedale Hotel, where Mrs. Smith, with' her, usual, kindness and generosity, had an excellent breakfast prepared for them. After .breakfast tho children marohed' buck in procession to the churoh, where, they were present at Mass' chanted by Father Roper. After Mass ' his Lordship addreBsed-.the children, : explaining to ? them' the naturo of the sacrament they ?were about to receive. He;: then ad ministered the sacrament, 85. altogether :being presented for it. The Bishop then addressed those who had been confirmed, urging them to persovere; He again ex pressed his pleasure at the intelligent, and ready manner in which tho children had answered the questions put to them, and .complimented the congregation and pastor , on .-.the beautiful church they had erected.1. This brought the ceremonies to a close.' .The choir ^performed its-part exoellontly, and contributed not a little to make the ceremonies improssive. In the 'evening .Father, LRoper gave an instruc tive sermon on:' Faith.' ? Artillery, .Parade.;— - The ! usual quartelyi.parade of the Launceston Volun teer Artillery took place at .the drill yard last ; Monday, ! when there was a muster ! of , 70 members all .told. The troops were inspeoted by Captain G. T. Collins, and1 . their; arms ? and: accoutre ments found (to be;in a satisfactory con dition. . Blank ammunition : was after wards issued to the, battery, and the members were exercised in firing a feuda joie' and' other evolutions preparatory to the' parade' on Queen's Birthday. A remarkably handsome silyer.cup has been presented to the corps by Mr. George Sanderson,! of Melbourne, a gentleman who' 'intends shortly to settle in Lauri ceston.' The presentation was made through Sergeant J. Bennel), and the commanding officer will take the neces sary steps towards ofl'ering it for competi tion. The members of the corps highly . appreciate Mr. Sanderson's generous and unsolicited present. Death of Ketten. — A- London tele gram announces the death of M. Henri Kotten, the celebrated 'pianist, who visited Australia a couple of years ago, and cleared about £5000 by the trip. Ketten was . only 35 years of age. He was born on the 25th of Marchj 1848, , at Baja, a market town on the left bank of the DAnube, about 90 miles south of Pesth in Hun gary. His. father was a musi,cian, ? ai fl he himself took to the piano ? at the early age of five. The child's extraordinary promise led to his reception as a. pupil by the Paris-Conservatoire;. when only eight years!of ago, two years earlier than the ' regulation period of admission. Here he studied the piano with Marm'ontel, and composition under Hale vy. In I860 he , played at Osborne before the Queen, and subsequently visited Germany, Austria, Russia, Switzerland, and : Turkey, re maining, for three years at Constanti-. riople as conductor at 'the Imperial Theatre. In 1879 he visited America, andin 1880 Australia. ,'???;?? . ??'??'$ ?' Death ? op Liedtenakt - General1 ,Deane Pitt. — Our 'telegrams elsewhere announce the death- of Lieutenant-' General G. D. Pitt, who, in 1859, raised, organised, and trained* the Victorian Volunteer Force, and for which service he received : the thanks of her Majesty's' Government/ On the recommendation of Sir Duncan1 Cameron, who then com manded the troops; in New Zealand, Lieu tenant-General Pitt' was commissioned by the Government of that colony upon; breaking but of the Maori war of 1863 to raise a local force,.. and in a very short time he' succeeded in raising upwards of 2000 men, for which he was promoted to an unattached majority. In 1863 he was appointed Assistant Military Secretary to Sir Duncan Cameron, and served with distinction in the Waikato campaign of 1863-4, and the Wanganui campaign of 1864-5. On the departure of Sir Duncan Cameron, Lieutenant-General Pitt, then Lieutenant-Colonel, was appointed Assis tant Military Secretary to Major-General Chute, and served througli Wanganui and' Taranaki campaigns of 1865-66 ? for which he received the C. B. and medal. ? It is pretty clear that an in ventor .need 1 not be a Bessemer or an Edison to make a fprtune. ? : The StyIographiqi;J?en,n':we are : told, .yields an income of £20,000 a, year: to the proprietors. ,;? ??., . -. ?? , .,-;.- v.- /??,.« CoNrERENOH OJ? SURYEYOKS. — At a meeting of the committee of the con feronce£of2 survoyors held at Melbourne on. March 31. Messrs. Trevor, Jones, and Binstead, of New South Wales, Stuart and, Murray of Victoria, ,and Sprent and Thompson of Tasmania, were added to the committee, and it was resolved that the Surveyor-Generals in Queensland, South Australia, and West Australia should bo asked to assist in nominating gentlemen to represent those colonies on the corii mittee. It was decided that a precis of the work done at each meeting of tho , oommittee should be printed and for warded to the Surveyor- Gonerals, boards of examiners, and institutes of the several colonies, with the request that they mil reply if they agree with the resolutions passed, .and if, not in what respects they differ, and what proposals they would make. A resolution was also passed that the different boards of examiners of sur veyors should be asked to forward the basis of their examinations, together with a copy of their l»Bt examination papors, and a copy of their rules, with a view to devising a scheme forclo3er assimilation. A committee was appointed to carry out the resolution, and the committee then adjournod till the 10th inst. A Moi'her-in-law. — The Re v. George Brown, of the Wesleyan Mission in New Britain, recently lectured at Otago on the savages of the South Seas, and in 'the course of his remarks referred to the Papuan's horror of his mother- in-law. ' He hoped his friends would not under stand him to say that the Papuan was the only race afflicted with the prejudice, but. their hatred of this relative was intense, arid a mother-in-law's dread of her son in-law was. equally so. They dare not eat together, speak to or touch each other. If a Pupuan saw. his; mothor-in-law .coming along a road he would fly into the bush, and she would do the sa-no. If he were asked the name of a woman and she happened to be his mother-in-law, he dare not for the life of him speak her name, but would, have to ' coo-ee' for someone else to answer the question. The two prin cipal forms of oath among the race were:— ' If it is not the truth, may I be a body to be eaten;' or ' May I shake hands with (or touch); my mother-in-law.' We may add that the same custom prevailed amongst the aboriginal tribes of Gippsland, as shown, by, Messrs. Fison and Howitt in their work ' Kamilaroi and Kurnai.'' Draconian Law Against Drink. — The Danes are: conducting a vigorous war against drunkenness in their capital, Oopenhagen. The number: of public houses is to be reduced from- 1350 to 30O.t No showily dressed girl is to be allowed to stand behind a .drinking bar to fascinate youth of the' other sex. Land lord are: forbidden to serce out drink to any person under 18, male 'or female, or to anyone already under the influence of drink.' A drunken person is to be con veyed to his _own' dwelling in a cab or covered carriage at the expense of the landlord in whose house he took tho last glass. ' A Strange Faot .re- the Cleveland Murder. — The old adage 'Truth is often strangerthan fiction,' is fully illustrated by the following incident.1 On Wednes day last as Dr. B. Orowther was examin ing for life assurance, a 'gauger on the railway near Cleveland — two other rail way employes were present— Mr. Glenny, J .P. , the superintendent for tho National Mutual Life Association, urged both in the interests of their families to sign a proposal for life assurance. Tho murdered man Wikon was one of the three. His mate insured, and he (Wilson) signed as a friend the. report on his mate's life ; but unfortunately for his family, as it has turned out, decided to defer doing so' himself. A week has not elapsed since the interview, and the poor follow, as our report' states, has fallen a victim to the bullet of a murderer. The Shamrock Hotel. — At the Police Court on Tuesday morning3ohn Clydesdale applied for permission to sell liquors in . the Shamrock Hotel, Elizabeth-street, and stated in his application that it was his intention to ask for a transfer of the place from the present landlord, John White, to himself at the next Quarterly 1 Licensing Meeting. The application was opposed by Superintendent Coulter, who : was of opinion that, tho place was not fit to be licensed. Mr. Coulter had opposed the granting of a license to the house upon several previous occasions with success, vand it was not until an appeal was made by 'White at the Court of General Sessions, held on January 8, against tho decision given at the Annual Licensing Meeting that his application was ultim.atelygranted. The applicant, John Clydesdale, did not ; put in an appearance onTuesday morning, and in the fnce of the objection of the Superintendent of Police, the Bench 5(re- fused the application. ? Valuable Discovert for the Hair.— If your hair ia turning groy or whits, or falling off use 'The Mexican Hair Henower,' for it will positively restore in every case Grey or White hair to its original color, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most 'Bestorers.' It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well an promoting the growth of the hair on baldspots, wnere the glands are not decayed A.ek your Chemist for 'TheMexioan Hair Keneweb,'' sold by Ohemiats and Perf iim»rn nvorv«'liorB at So M i-«r bntt]e. Wholesalo depot removed to ; 33, Fnrringdon- road, London, — Advt, The annual meeting of landholders in' the Eyandalo Road District will , be. hold . at. the Princo of Wales Hotel at 11 a.m. on'tho 28th Inst; '? ' ? ? ,-'..,???. ;'.'?;?,:;?.?; English Mails purwAiiD, tkr P. and O. Line.— Wo are informed by the Secre tary to the Post Office that maila for London by tho above-mentioned route will be closed at the GonornI Post-oflioe, Hobart, and the Post-offico, Luuncoston, on every ulternuto Saturday during tho winter months, commencing on Saturday, tho 21st inst., and terminating on Satur day, the 22nd September next During that period the Royal Mail steamers will leave Molbourno every alternivlo Tuesday, at 7 a.m., instead of on Thursday at 1 p.m. a3 heretofore. An Electric Railway in Ireland. — From English papers recently to hand we havo particulars of an ulcctric railway or tramway constructed between Portrush and the Giant's Causeway. It, has been builfc by a company of shareholders, who raised £45,000 in £10 shares, to construct six miloa of rail. Tho gauge in only three feet, and to twice that extent the company monopolise tho railway. The steel rails vare laid lovel with a gravelled surface, and parallol to them extends a third iron rail, which is used to conduct tho ourrent from tho dynamo machine to the caraj contact being offuotod by moans of an electric brush. Tho whole of the elec tricity required is supplied from the cen tral station at Portrush. When the tur bines fail to yield the requisite power, steam will be employed to generate the electricity. . According to the sanguine estimate of the promoters, whereas the cost of working tho lino by horsos would be lid a mile, and by steam 7d, they ex« pecfc to effect it at u cost of Id. In the early part of January the lino was officially inspected by Major-General Hutcliinson on behalf of the Board of Trade. The car, without any apparent motive powor, started off at a rapid pace smoothly and pleasantly, with flashes of light from tho metallic brushes as they swept along the insulated conductor rail laid alongside the tramway, and from under the wheels. Only a short run was made with tho elec tric car on, the first trip, but later on a second run was made of upwards of two miles, with 12 pnasongcrs, up a long gradient of 1 in 35. The formal opening of the line, as tho premier electric tram way of the United Kingdom, was to take place in the early spring, under the auspices of tho Lord- Lieutenant of Ire land. What may Happen to a Man in Vic toria. — The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes : — He was a poor hard-worked member of tho re porting staff on a Melbourne daily news paper, and recently he obtained the thiea weeks' holiday granted to each of tho fellows in turn throughout tho year. He went up the country by rail, and near him. in the carriage sat a most attractive ex ample of a lovely woman, subject to the description of ' fat, fair, and forty.' Our friend of the press, it must be re marked, is very good- looking, a«e about thirty, and of exceedingly gentlemanly address. Lady happens to drop her handkerchief ; reporter picks it up and hands it to her with his most killing bow. Conversation ensues. Reporter tells who ho is, and states that lie is going over to Tasmania to complete his holidays. Lidy say3 she is travelling for recreation, and happens to be also on her way to tho same place. Both journey together, The Iauy is tho widow of a successful quartz reefer, and has an in come of £4000 a year. Sho has also a mansion at Toorak, and one morning as tho proprietor of the paper with whom our, reportorial friend had boon engaged, was standing near the irnansion in ques tion, debating whether ho would invest a shilling in a cab or wait for tho throe penny 'bus, there sweops past a stylish carriage with coachmen and footmon all in the first rank of fashion, and within the carriage a lady and gentleman. They are the widow and the reporter, married. Advance Australia ! [Tho widow Avas formerly a resident of Stawell, and the reporter, not long since, lived at .Ararat.] BenewHiEnt Society. — The usual weekly meeting of the Committee of the Launceston Benevolent Society was held atjthe Town Hall Wednesday afternoon. Prosent — Messrs. B. P. Farrolly (in tho chair), J. Tulloch, T. H. Urquhart, G. Baker, J. Ellis, A. W. Birchall, M. Tyson,, J. Stephenson, and the secretary. The minutes of the last mooting were read and confirmod, and weekly relief roll called over. Two applications for relief wore received from single men with orders for tho Invalid Depot, for whom there was no room at present, and temporary relief was granted. Relief was granted to a res pectable widower, who was now under medical treatment, and was certified by the doctor as unable to do any work at presonfc. Mr. Ellis brought forward the case of a child nine years old, who had been deserted by her parents. Owing to domestic disagreements the father had gone to Queensland, and his wife started in pursuit of him, but was unable for want of funds to get further than Sydney. The grandmother had taken charge of the child but was quite unable to support it, being in fact in a state of starvation. It was decided to .grant a ration for the child, and if the 'father returned ho could' bo prosecuted. An application from - a recipient ' of relief for a 'grant of some' firewood'! iwas left' over for' further env. quiry. .'One- recipient was declared 'off) 10 roll, and this concluded ihe business^ ? -?: Cardiff Gabtle. — The Marquis of r Bute's guests at Cardiff Castle, on the \- occasion oE the Laying of the momorial ? stone of the new county infirmary in .February last, had an opportunity of .seeing the magnificent impx'ovements now I being effected at the castle. The grand . dining-liall, which has been in the hands ? of the workmen for several years, was ? used for the firstiime, and the furniture required for that and also the reception r rooms was sent down specially from . London, and returned afterwards, aB the hall and its approaches are to be altered. The staircase leading to the hall will not be completed for another two years. ' Each step is a solid block of pure white . marble. The walls of the dining-hall are -;decoruted in fresco with the chief inciT dents connected with the castle from the \- .time of Fitzhamon to its passing into the possession of the Herbert family. To the banquet on the' night of .laying the .' ? ,''?? memorial stone of the new infirmary 120 guests^ were invited, and the following day, When. the first sod of the now dock -was cut, eighty guests were present. The Marquis placed a cheque for £1000 on the ; memorial stone. ? ? ??? The Hunting CLimGYMAN.-— The Rev. 'Jack' Russell, the celebrated hunts man, says alate English -paper, has been ' lately: very' ill. He is a close and personal friend of the Prince and Princess df Wales. The Prince of 'Wales, when Mr. ; Russell was recovering, journeyed incog-', nito down .to Torrington, Devon, to pei apnally visit his old friend. On alighting from. ' his- carriage at the door of the 'rectory, the : Prince, who did not then mention his name, inquired of theser-. vant whether her master was- ? sufficiently ' recovered to see a friend. On her giving a hesitating reply, the Prinoe, having first ascertained that the invalid; was downstairs, said in a very affable manner, 'I know he will see me,' and followed the servant into her master^ room.' .The meeting between the Rev. ' Jack'*! and his Royal visitor was of the most hearty character. ' ? ? . [ '? '; ? ','?'. . SALARIES OfMiNSTREL PERFORMERS.— An American' paper contains some inte resting items as to the salaries at present paid to minstrel performers in that country; Colonel Haverley used to pay Emerson 250dol. a week. Rice was paid lOOdol. a ?week. Thatcher, the stuttering comedian, received 125dol. a week before becoming . a manager and proprietor. Frank Gush man got50dol. a week last season, is getting 75dol. now, and will soon have, 100dpi. The Only Leon receives 160dol. and ex penses for a week's work. Quartette Birigers receive from 3odoli to 40_dol. for a week's warbling. Good banjoists are paid 75dbl. a week ; good clog dancers from 40dol. to COdol. Even the genuine darkies on the minstrel Btage command pretty good salaries. Billy Keraands, the mau with a wonderful mouth, who three years ago got only 15dol. a week, now receives 80dol. and has his own and his ?wife's travelling and hotel expenses paid. In the case of all travelling companies o£ minstrels, black and white, the manager pays all fares an d hotel bills. Something Like a Gas Company. — The Gas Light and Coke Company is, without doubt, the largest Gas Company in the world. The principal works at Beckton, near Woolwich, on the northern bank of the' Thames, occupy 150 acres of land. They have works at Silvertown, Bromley-by-Bnw, Haggerston, Shoreditch, King's Cross, Kensal Green, Westminster, and Fulham. The greater part of London north of the Thames is supplied by this Company, , and they have many hundred miles of pipes laid under ground, extend ing from Whitechapel in the east to Hendon in the west, and to Bighgatoin the north. The daily consumption of coal in summer and winter averages 3600 tons, representing about thirty-Bix mil lion fe6t of gas. In winter the consump tion of coal is nearly 7000 tons daily, ?which represents about seventy million feet of gas. On a recent foggy day 9000 tons of coal were consumed, representing eighty-five and a half million feet of gas. All this coal is, brought from the northern collieries in the Company's steamers, wMoh unload principally at Beckton, and the other works are supplied by- canal and. rail from the chief depot. .'There cent halE- yearly report of the above Com pany shows a groaB revenue of £lj372,759' and a balance of £473,599 applicable to .distribution on the ordinary stock. The directors proposed a dividend at the rate of 11 per cent, per annum, and add £40,400 to the reserve fund. .; Mb. Ohas. H. Bromby in Defence.— The Auckland correspondent of the Otago Witness, oi March 24 telegraphs: — 'A. paragraph by ' Oivis ' in the Otago Wit ness relating to the hon. Mr. Bromby having been republished in the local papers, . Mr. Bromby thus replies in a ? published letter : — ' It is not exactly true to say that I am ' a new convert,' or that 1 have 'lately left the church in which I was brought, up.' I became a ?Catholic in 1865. When I became what ? .'.?-.Oivia' calls a rat, I did not consider j ^'abandoned my religion. I had been brought to consider myself as Catho . lie' As I grew older and thought more I,, rightly or wrongly, conceived the Ohuroh of England could not maintain Jieridaimsto be considered a part of the' Catholic Church. I therefore did what' any honest man would do under Sfthe. cir- -Snmstances— I rejoined: the church of the groat; majority of my.anoestdrfljf;' ,}l-~, :»U Editing a Newspaper.— Editing a newspaper, declares - a trans-Atlantic editor, is a nice business. ? If we publish jokes, people say we are rattle headed. If we omit jokes, they say we are an old fossil. If wq publish original matter, they blame us for not giving ' selections. If we publish selections, folks say we are lazy for not writing something they have' not read in some other paper. If we give a man a complimentary notice, we' are censured for being partial. ? If we do not give complimentary notices, folks say we. are a hog. If we Ho: not cater for the wishes of the ladies, the paper is not fit to tie up a parcel. If we remain in our office and attend to our business, folks Bay we are too proud to mingle with our fellows. If we go out, they say we never attend to .our business. If we do not pay our bills promptly, folks say we are not to be trusted.' If we wear poor clothes folks say business is bad.' ' If we wear good clothes, they say we never paid for them. Now what are we to do ? A Maori Idol. — The correspondent of: the Taranaki Herald at Ohinemutu' .tele.-' graphed on March 20 :—' A seizure was made at the Lake House Hotel premises yesterday, .under a search warrant, of the celebrated stone image ' Matuatutonga,' 'which is said to have beeii brought by the Maoris in one of the original1 canoes to Maketu from Hauraki, and afterwards brought by Tukorangito the Island of Mokorp and buried there. 'Sir, George ; Grey is said to haVe been the only Euro pean who ever saw. the image until it'was discovered on the 13th by the employes of Mr. Graham, who, on the evening of the 14th, brought it over to the Lake House. The figure represents a. human being squatting on the haunches with the knees drawn close up to the body. The. fore arms are flat against the chest, and the hands are extended upwards with the palms against the body and the fingers resting under the chin. The height of the figure is about 4ft. 8in., and the greatest girth is over 7ft. It weighs more than a ton. There is great excite ment both among the Maoris and Euro peans —the former because they look upon the disinterment as a gross outrage against their most sacred relics, the latter because the action of Mr. Graham jeopar dises the relations between themselves and the natives here. As the news of the outrage spreads among the hapus the excitement ib likely to increase.' The Governorship oj? Ceylon. — Much surprise' and a good deal of disgust (says ,the Ceylon Observer of March 7th) has been created by the announcement, which we have made on good authority, that the Government of Ceylon will be adminis tered for a year from June next by Sir J. H. Lefroy, pending jhe arrival of Sir Arthur Gordon, who will not be here be fore the middle of 1884. Sir Arthur is known to be ambitious, and he evidently wishes to 'wait a bit' before taking up his duties here, in case some more im portant post should fall vacant. Sir Henry Lefroy acted as Governor of Tasmania for a year until Sir George Strahan arrived, and it will be . remembered thai he visited ' Ceylon at the time the young princes were here. However estimable Sir Henry may be, he cannot be far off 70 years of age, so that his appointment could not be permanent, and he will therefore not be likely to enter into the question of railway extension to Haputale, so that still further delay in regard to that scheme must be expected. , ; ,?.'?' .'?-. A Lift to Tasmania. — It (is very pleasing to observe that Tasmania is assuming greater importance in the eyes of residents of the other colonies, and that our principal features are being brought into prominence in some of their leading journals. For the past two months Mr. Edward T. Gale, travelling reporter of the World and , Federal Axis traUan has been making a tour of Tas mania on behalf of that journal, and several articles have appeared on our stud sheep farms, hop grounds, the, Hobart Exhibition, eto. We notice also that a correspondent of the Otago Witness, New Zealand, has been supplying notes of a trip through Tasmania. - - ' .'' Longford.— Mr. Charles Wiae'B little girl, who had her throat _ severely scalded through 'taking a drink from the spout of a teapot a few days ago, pur, Longford correspondent informs us, died at an early hour on. Saturday morning. Her age was between 18 and 19, months, not four years as our correspondent pre viously Btated. An Expensive Telegram. — We have already referred to the enterprise of the New South Wales: Government in sending to England a telegraphic report of the last budget. The experiment, however, was a costly one, although it seams money well- spent.. In the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, on its appearing, in reply to a question by Mr. Burns, that the Colonial Treasurer had expended up wards of £1300 in sending to the English Press a telegraphic report of the last budget, Mr. A. G. Taylor moved the adjournment of the House, in order to condemn the expenditure. A lively debate followed, during part of which the galleries were cleared. Mr. Dibbs justi fied the expenditure, stating that the telegram, was sent soon after The Times had said that the colonies were inclined to over- borrow. ' i ?'-.'..., -, ???' . Thh annual meeting- for the road district of , jExldnwill be held at the Mirsh Inn 'at 1 p.m.,'. ion 27th insfc. . - ? ? A Popular Song Writer. — Will S. Hays, of Louisville, has made a- small for tune1 by writing songa. Among his. popular compositions are 'Mollie Dar; ling,' 'Norah O'Neal,' and 'Evangel- ine.' But he got no money from the latter, though it gave him a Btart in his business. 'Just before the war,' he says, 'I was with some young visitors up in Oldham country, Ky. Among them was a beautiful girl who resembled the ideal pictures of Longfellow's 'Evan geline' so closely that I called her by the name. Wo danced at an. out-door frolic ? one evening, and soon discovered that four of us could sing together. We tried popular quartettes, and got along ao well that we became enthusiastic. About 2 o'clock in the morning we started to walk home. The night was as bright as day, with the full moon hanging in the sky, and as we walked- we sang. We sat down on a rook to rest, and ' Evangeline' began' to suggest other songs to sing. ' I'll write you a song,' said 1, 'if you'll promise to sing it'before we go-home.' I wrote the ?first verse of the song on thetop plank of; the fence, and the notes for four voices on the four planks beneath. The girls were delighted, and insisted on having a chorus, so I. wrote the chorus. Well, we sang it over and over, and went home singing it. . Next morning :' Evangeline' insisted on another yerae; so I wrote another verBe, on condition that I was to have a kiss for it, and she to '??have the music. ' Hays sent the composition to ; various music publishers, but couldn't sell it, and it was at length made ipublhby ! the voice 'of Campbell, the negro min strel. Three hundred thousand copies have been sold, but the kiss was the only pay the author has received. Hospital Case. — A miner ? named Mathew O'Halloran, who, as already mentioned in our Beaconafield telegrams; fractured one of his legs and sustained various contusions on Tuesday laBt while employed : at' the Florence Nightingale Company's claim,Swas brought up to town in the river steamer Elipse on Saturday and taken.to the Hospital. The sufferer's leg had been set by Dr. _G. A. Stewart at Beaconsfield, and he is now progressing favourably. Religious.-1- We understand the Rev. Henry J. Cooker, late Wesleyan minister of Mount Bischoflj and who has taken the RdV. Mr. Dawson's place at Beaconsfield, commenced his duties in' his new field of labour on Sunday. Mr. Dawson has re moved to the north-eastern district. Seizure of Pine Logs. — We learn from the Mercury that, on Thursday morning the Government seized 23 Huon pine logs that were sent round' in the a. a. Amy last trip by Mr. Job Savage, of the Pieman. Sdb-Inspeotor Hopkins affixed the Government brand to each log. , . The seizure was made in consequence of an infringement of the regulations ? referring to timber felling. The Campbell Town Assault Case. — Contrary to anticipation . the case of. assault arising out of the Fletcher v. Headlatn breach of promise action was not gone on with in the Supreme Court on6th inst. The plaintiff is Mr. Thomas Headlam, and the defendants are the father and several other .relatives of Miss Emma Fletcher. The assault, as will be remembered, consisted in the defendants carrying off. the plaintiff on the 10th of September last from the house where he was stopping in order to bring him before Jliss Fletcher. When the case was called on Mr. Giblin, Crown Prosecutor, inti mated that Mr. Headlam was not desirous of pressing the charge, and he would therefore apply for a nolle proseqrd, which his Honor directed to be entered up. This termination of the case must have been, very acceptable to Mr. Giblin, who, in his private capacity, had appeared against Mr. Headlam. Bigamy. — Mrs. White was brought up at the Supreme Court on 6th inst. ; charged with bigamy, the result being practically her discharge. ? The evidence ! would appear to show that Hollington knew the accuse.^ was a married woman when he married her, and the jury in bringing in a verdict of guilty added a rider to that effect. His Honor, in sum ming up,; said he did not know any case ;of the kind in which there was lesB'to bB said against the prisoner. He then sen tenced her to 24 hours' imprisonment, adding thatas that period had elapsed sicne the Court commenced its sittings she was at liberty to go. The spectators in Court clapped their hands on hearing the decision. There was an impression that Messrs Douglas and Collins had given Hollington an opinion that he was at liberty to marry the accused, but this is totally incorrect. Swimming.— The six days' swimming race for £200, between Captain Matthew Webb and the champion W. Beckwith, whioh . was commenced in the tank of the annexe at the Royal Aquarium, Westminster, on Feb. 19, was brought to a auddon termination on Feb. 20, in con sequence of Captain Webb being seized with a serious fit of illness. Webb, after travelling 18 miles 26 laps, had to leave the water, and upon a medical examina tion'taking place it was found that he was suffering from congestion of the lungs. Beokwith, who wont on till he had covered 25 miles 25 laps, was awarded the match; and; for all the good1 they are, it is hoped1 we have heard the last of six days' swima for florae time';to come.'- ?--??? Correction.— A correspondent informs us that our Latrobe telegram in our last issue about the. death of Mr. O. A. Cannon was not quite correct, as he owa3 not found dead in his bed, but was attended by his wife up to his last moment. His death was the result of natural causes. Tasmanian Juvenile Industrial Ex hibition. — In our last issue we stated that wo had learned that the judging of the exhibits had been nearly completed, but that neither the secretary nor com mittee had had the courtesy to furnish any of the public journals with a list, though some of the awards have been published in the newspaper with which the secretary is connected. Since then we have received the following explana tion from our Hobart correspondent from which it is palpable that the omission has not been accidental. Our1 correspondent writes :—' Be the prize list of the exhibition. I have seen Mr. G. Davies, the Secretary, several times about it, and on Wednesday night I called about it, but he said they were only getting a few out to satisfy . people; it would not be finished till after the 9th inst.1 This morning I see he has published it (or rather three sections) in the Mercury. You can copy from that, but it would serve him right not to pub lish it at all, and state why we have not done so.' Taking into consideration the facts that many of the best exhibits came from Launceston and the north, and that the Exhibition has been subsidised out of '. the publio revenue, the studied neglect; practised towards northern exhibitors cannot fail to have a most deterrent effect if ever they are again invited to take part in a similar exhibition in Hobart. -v ' : A Successful Examination. -^ We understand that Mr. W. Walker sue-, ceeded in passing his examination, and obtaining the certificate of a civil engi- . neer, at Melbourne, on the 31st of Maroh^ The examination was held for the first time ; in the Wilson Hall, attached to the Mel bourne University. Mr. Walker is a son of the late Captain Walker, who was loBt some- years since in the ill-fated brig Wolverine. It is probable that he will enter the service of the Ta'smanian Government. ??????? Medical'. ? — Wo notice that Messrs; Hartnoll and Ferguson announce that they have sold, 'privately to Dr. . B. ' Orowther,1 of Hobart, the residence in York-street; familiarly known as York House, arid for many years the residence of Dr. Maddox, and afterwards of Dr. Casey, who occupied it until hiB depar ture for Victoria some years since. Wo understand the price paid was £1400, and that Dr. Crowther intends shortly to practice his profession in Launceston. Shocking Accident on Board the Flinders. — A sad accident, we learn from a Viotorian paper, occurred to a young lady, Miss' Franks, aged 17, who waB a passenger by the Flinders which arrived from Launceston on Saturday, March 31. It appears that when the vessel was coming up the Yarra Miss Franks was leaning over the side, and her foot was caught by the wheel chains and. crushed to a pulp. When the Flinders arrived at the wharf, Dr. James was sent, for,, and he, on examination, found it necessary to amputate thb foot. The operation was successfully performed, and the young lady is progressing favourably. Miss Franks had been recruiting her health in Tasmania., and waa returning to her home in New South Wales when she met . with this misfortune. : . ? ,'? A Nice Point. — At the Police Court on Monday morning, before fl. T. AJ Murray, Esq., P.M., a married woman named Mary Ballard, was charged, on the information of Thomas Ho well, with having . made a false statement in ; a registry of the marriage of the informer's daughter with James Adams, she having signed her name to the register as Mary Ann Janson. ? The information was laid under the Marriage Registration Aot, 2nd Victoria No. 8, section 23. The Bection that the case was brought forward under was as follows : — ' Every person who shall wilfully make or cause to be made for the purpose of being inserted in any register of births, deaths, or marriages, any false statement touching any of the particulars herein required to be known and regis tered, shail be subject to the same pains and penalties as if he were guilty of per jury.' Mr. R. Byron Miller, who appeared for. the defendant, objected at the outset of the case that the name of .the witness was not one of 'the parti culars required to be known.' The language of seotion 17 of the aot, which was to the effect that every officiating minister immediately after a marriage is solemnized by him shall register in^ a book to be kept for that purpose the several particulars relating to such marriage according to the form of ' Schedule O to this act annexed.'' Mr. Miller con tended that a false statement of the par ticulars alone was punishable by section 23, but it was a supplementary matter under the section concerning which the act had . made no provision for a false' statement. The Police Magistrate said the question was a nice one and he would consider it: Ultimately he expressod his; opinion that as the certificate was not complete until attested by the witness's signature, a misstatement of the wit ness's name iB within the statute,' and the defendant was committed for trial on. 1 bail. ??'?'? -: ???'?'?'_ -'??', ''?? '?'' ??'?? ? ''? ''''-'? A Tasmani am] Artist Abroad.— The S. M. ' Herald of 28th March, in. its criticism- of the1 Exhibition of the Art Society of New! South Wales, says :— 'No exhibitor has done more or better work than W. 0. Piguenit ; indeed, in his own class, it may be questioned whether any artist has done as good. To those who have watched his- efforts since he came among us the change in his style iflk very marked. He was in danger of becoming a mannerist, but he has over come the danger, and every Piguenit 'pioture now is not distinguished by purple backgrounds and clumps of feathery gum-trees— things pleasant enough to look upon occasionally, but apt to be wearisome when one sees them too often. ' His present collection shows versatility in somposition,' and all the glowiDg tender colouring for which he has always been noted. No 71, ' Towon'g Valley, of the Upper Murray,' has in it exquisite distance and a magnificent sun set effect ; 76, ' On the Haoking,' show ing one of the most picturesque bends in that beautiful river, has the water painted very transparently ; in 83, cAt the Head of Tarban Creek,' there is awonderful amount of light and depth. ; 84, 'A Back water on the Murray,' is a sketchy, pretty picture; 86, 'Botany Bay, from the mouth of Cook's River,' is a simple little composition, very tender in its cool, soft colouring; the same thing may be said of No. 90, a bifc on ,the Upper Murray-; and 95, ' On the Nepean,' is' a return to a camping-ground which has already filled several sketch-books for Mr. Piguenit. ' No. 134, 'The Lovers' Walk, Cook's River,' is _an .effective oil painting in pearly graya— a complete contrast to 159, a bright-toned picture representing one of the loveliest glades in the National Park, a low-lying, .well-sheltered nook, .with the scarlet gymea, or rock lily, towering aloft in stately pride,, its blossoms burning like a flame beside the emerald green Of tree; ferns and the darker shadows of the luxuriant vegetation, of the coast districts south of Botany Bay. No. 202,' Mount KoaciuBko and the Valley of the Dpper Murray,' is done in Indian ink, and is a triumph of perspective, the eye' being cheated into imagining that it wanders over about 20 miles of landscape; there are a dozen distances, in it, each being dis tinct from the rest, and the work has all the clearness of a photograph combined with a softness that photography never attains.' / . ? . i Tasmanian Politics. — We sometimes have to go abroad to learn news, and the Hobart correspondent 'of the Federal Australian says :— The Royal Commis sioners who are - sitting on' education are not duly appreciated by, the Government; The gentlemen in question desired to visit the neighbouring i colonies at their country's expense, to take evidence upon which to base a report. The Executive, however, do. not favour the proposed excursion,: considering that-the Commis sioners can obtain all the information they require from outside the colony by means of written communications. This ? is very disappointing ; arid affords another good ground for plotting and working to effect the overthrowing of the present Ministry. At least so may think Messrs.' Braddon and B^rd. The former yet trusts that his superlative genius, so long unrecognised, may be rewarded by a seat on the Treasury bench. The member for Franklin, though he was a supporter of the Ministry last session, is, it is said, likely to be found among the Opposition next. .. His , political convictions are re ported to have been revolutionised by the non -recognition by the Premier, of his claims to place and pay. Another rumour afloat is that the Opposition are to bedepriveel of. their leader, Mr. Alfred Dobson, by his elevation, to the Bench. The forthcoming retirement of Mr. White fpord, the ; Recorder of Launceston, will cause the required vacancy. ? Mr. Dobson, after being for yeara tho fidus achates of Mr. Giblin, abjured, his political antece dents and deserted his party in order to be chieftain of an ' organised Opposi tion.' He. is rather an awkward oppo nent, arid the Ministry will be glad to, get fairly rid. of him. The Taylor Relief Fund'.— The trus tees of the;Taylor Relief Fund have re ceived the following list from Mr. E. J. Adams, colleoted in the Fingal district:— Per Mr. Gordon, from Ben Lomond miners, £1 12s 6d ; per Mr. W. Webb, from miners; £2 14a ; per Mr. E. J. Adams, £4 7s; total, £8 13s Gd'. There is nov only one more list to comd' in, which the trustees will be glad to receive as soon as possible; A Tragedy in Low Life.— On Fob. 1 (says an English paper) Henry Drake, a doctor's groom, died at Ulverston. The widpw, who had no family, remained' alone with the corpse throughout Monday night, and on the undertaker going ,yoB terday morning to close the coffin, the lifeless remains of a terrier dog were found on one aide of it, and the widow on .the i other. Doctors were Boon in attendance, , and they succeeded in ro-animating Mrs. | Drake,, who had taken poison, but she | died shortly afterwards. ?.',-' -i: .Subscribers holding . tiokots, Nos. 706,' 708,. 711,737. 1123, 1371, 1382, 1398, 1399, 1404,, . 140U.1429, 1433, inoonnoqtionwiththe Dowlirig Art Union, can obtain theif prizes'by applying jto Mr. Oawston, photographer, StunJohn-r; istreefc 