THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE AT CLARE. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide visited Clare on Saturday afternoon, the 6th inst., and held a confirmation service the same evening in St. Barnabas' Church, b,ut as it was late in the afternoon before he reached the town there was no time to piesent him with addresses. Some time before the hour of service every part of the church was occupied.. Twelve females and 11 males presented themselves for confirmation* The former were all neatlv dressed in white, their caps being: of the same material. Before the laying on of hands his Lordship addressed the candidates at some length, and occasionally directed his remarks to the congregation as a whole. He wished to put a question to the candi dates, and they were called upon to answer it in the presence of God and in the pre sence of the congregation.. The answer was to come from the. heart, and what they said from the heart then would be a help to them through life ; but any who were not in earnest could not get the blessing of God. It required no small courage now-a-days to honestly and faithfully confess Chrht. The -grdat need of. the church of Christ at pre sent was courage, and he did not think that the candidates before him would have come forward unless they wanted the blessing of God. He used to hear people say many things against confirmation, such as they did not see that those who were confirmed were any better, or they did not think they could live up to what was required of them. He showed that such reasoning was alto gether wrong, for all in the church who claimed to. be Christians had the same responsibilities, and such responsibilities were just as binding on them as on those to be confirmed. The candidates were seeking the grace of God that they might be able to turn. from ail sin and faithfully serve the Lord. Repentance was binding on all, and no one had a right to be called a Christian unless seeking to live a life of faith on the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Unless they did so their baptism was a mockery. He had encouraged the young who had come to be confirmed and by that rite were seek ing to renew a life of faith ia Him who claimed them as his children. If they could but hold by the truth that by be lieving in Christ their sins were all forgiven they would be happy. While the church was praying for them the Saviour was in faithful the Holy Ghost would dwell in their hearts. He exhorted them to be courageous — te go on bravely fighting against the world, the flesh, and the devil. If they were to be faithful soldiers they must push onward, for it was necessary to confess Christ with the mouth as well as with the heart. They went together in Christian practice, for if they did not con fess Christ before men they could not expect that Christ would confess them before his father. That was just what the old service which had come down to them from the time of the apostles taught them. When Christ went to heaven the Apostles went about and laid hands on ? the sincere, and they received the gift of the Holy Ghost; and since then the Bishops had laid their hands on those who had sought confirmation and prayed that the holy spirit would dwell in them. He referred to Heb., vi., 2, which brought out six points on the principles of Christianity — repentance, faith, the doctrine of baptism, the laying on of hands, the resurrection of the dead, and eternal judgment. The candidates were tnen presented, tor connrmation, ana as eacn 'knelt before the Bishop he laid his hands on the head and said, 'Defend,, O Lord this thy servant with the heavenly grace that she [or he] may continue thine for ever and daily increase in thy holy spirit more and more until she [or he] come to thy everlast ing kingdom*. That portion of, the service was most impressive.. His Lordship then gave a short discourse, choosing for his text Psalm lxviii, 28, 'Thy God hath commanded thy strength.' He explained that the Psalm was written by David to his son in reference to the removal of the Ark, and that the words were encouraging to those who had just been confirmed. The words were pro phetic and just. David and those with him felt that where the Ark was there was strength, so those who had the spirit were strong in hope and strong in faith. He told the young people that they were not to think they would be less tempted because they had given themselves to God. In one way it was harder to them, but in another easier. They could not be over come with evil against their will, and they ought never to give way to it. God would never compel a man to do right against his will, and Satan could not compel a man to do wrong. When the devil took Christ to the pinnacle of the temple he could not throw him down. All that he could do was to ask Jesus to throw himself down. There were many persons who thought that their own moral strength was sufficient, and that they could go on in a course of sin and stop when they liked. It was very sad when they saw how many were ruined by trusting to their own strength, and who often found when too late that they could not strive against the tide of evil in which they had allowed themselves to drift. They had read but recently of that brave but foolhardy man who thought he could swim the rapids of Niagara, and gain for himself a name. He dashed into the angry water thinking he could defy the whirlpool, but he was aeen throwing up his hands in despair, and being engulphed was lost from view- So men thought to go through the whirlpool of sin, but they glided, imperceptibly to the vortex and- were- lost. Thus., one after another went down. He referred to sins of temper,, carelessness, hypocrisy, and the worst of all the sin of impurity. He as sured such sinners that God had not for gotten them, and was willing, to give them grace and strength to. overcome if they would but seek his help. They would then live near Christ, become strong; in holiness, and being able to look up to God call him. Father. He exhorted young and. old. not to neglect religious ordinances. There were some wno went io me xioiy. communion, once perhaps and then, remained- away. But were a man to fast for along, time, and then take a hearty meal, it would: do him an injury ;: hence the propriety of. being regular in spiritual duties. They were ex horted to be regular in prayer: — not only mprning and evening, but when at work, they, could, ask God's blessing. They were to be regular in reading God's word. Some of the best people he had known carried a pocket- bible with them, and read a portion as opportunity offered. They were to: be regular in.their attendance at the house of God. When Jesus was on earth it was his custom to go to the synagogue. They were to be true communicants. He prayed that they might be kept true to the faith, and go from, strength to strength, rM^r-p-/' On Sunday morning his Lordship preached to a large and most attentive congregation. He selected as his text Ezekiel xxxiv., 16 ? ' I will seek that which was lost, and bring again that which was driven away, and will bind up that which was broken, and will strengthen that which was sick ; but I will destroy the fat and the strong,. I will feed them with judgment.' After some intro ductory remarks the preacher pointed out that God was the shepherd of Israel, but the pople having failed in their duty wanted a shepherd of their own, and hence they were scattered abroad-.. There was ao unity,, and each man did what seemed good in. his own eyes.. It was well that this world should feel that it could not do without God,, and that the truth was not in themselves.. So long as the mind was built up in itself and held to its own opinions it would fail.. People attacked the bible,, and cried, ' Down with the bible! Down with, the clergy !'* Such persons were simply, going back to the Greek teachers. If they took Aristotle they, would find that h& inculcated a system o£ hard and fast justice, but what had.it done to heal suffering- humanity, or raise woman hood or manhood to the greatest pinacle of: life ? When Greece and. Rome were at their zenith of civilisation they did not care for the pour and down-trodden. They had to go to the bible for that which leads- to true elevation. Though the world had had its day men were still so ignorant that they were crying, 'Down with. Christianity!' The Lord Jesus came to earth to raise suffer ing humanity, and cheer the broken hearted. Sin abounded in the world, and men wanted a healer. Sin was no fancy ; it was a fact, and it was seen everywhere. Those Mho had seen the Eaat End of London, or any large centre of population, would know that? sin abounded. Even Adelaide was no ex ception. Were they to go the bars of some of the outside public-houses, or in the vicinity of such places, the language of the people and even their countenances would tell of sin. Hearts were broken and homes were made desolate by the frequenters of such places. However people might reason about it the facts remained. The degrading effects of drink did not require to be told. They were seen in the miserable people who thus sinned, and in those who were made wretched by their sin. There were people, who spoke of religion as if it w.ere a fancy, a dream — as a something they had read in a story book when they were children, but was not of any use to them, in life. But what Jesus did on earth was a fact. God's love to man was so great that He could not: hear that he should perish, and therefore He became incarnate to bind up the broken in heart, and give health and purity where misery and sin reigned. But what they read had not the same influence as what a man in whom they had confidence said, to them. The only way to draw a man's heart from 6inand sinful habits was to tell him of Christ and his love. Jesus came to earth that his influence might be felt, that the touch of his humanity might elevate them. He feared that a number of people did not fully realise that Jesus not only lived on earth but lived still and was as much alive as when he trod our earth. He stated that he had not time to go fully into the fact of Christ's, resurrection, but the many proofs of history could not be disputed. The Apostles would not have cared to encounter obloquy, shame,, and death by declaring that Christ died andi rose again, were they not satisfied that it was a glorious fact. If he had not risen what were they to gain by their adherence to that assertion ? They were, however, so. perfectly assured of the fact, that the greatest opposition could not make them, shrink from it. The opponents of the doc 'trine of the resurrection shirked that point. It was too strong for them, and therefore they took up weaker points. It was a fact that Christ conquered death that He might make his people strong. He rose from the dead that they might know, that the power of victory was His, and thus bind uo the broken-hearted, give strength to. the weak, freedom to. the captive, and purity to the degraded. Christ came to seek and save the lost, and to wander from God was to be lost. It was sad to think that so many were drift ing in every direction on. the sea of life, not knowing what was to happen to them.. Were there none to arrest them ? Could no one show them the road home ?? There was still hope. Christ came to. save, and. the voice which resounded; throughout His church was a call to bring back the lost. Men were turning, and every true man would be brought back ;. but the hypocrites fled and turned away. The broken-hearted were coming-back, and ' A broken and contrite heart thou, wilt not despise.' He still said; ' Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' His greatest grief when on earth was that He was surrounded by men who should have loved Him, but who turned away from Him. Jesus still lived in His church* with His people, and He was with them then, and still told them to love one another as He loved them. They were sometimes tempted to forget the love of God, and therefore they ought to be careful to let Him guide their lives. He referred to his visit to Rome and his wanderings amongst: the Catacombs, where many of the early Chris tians had to live in the days of persecution. He could see traces of their faithfulness in the carved work that remained as repre-. senting Jesus as the Good Shepherd, &cv; Those who were satisfied with themselves, the Lord said He would destroy with judg ment. They would find themselves as light weights and balances beside the true scale?.. Jesus sought to draw them by the law- of love. He was the centre of attraction, and He drew men from sin to His church. . If men would but surrender He would make them happy. The Bishop concluded by stat ing that the offerings were for a special cause — the Home Mission work. There was much to be done, and they should do their utmost to spread tne oiessmgs or salvation to others. Had the early followers of Christ not dona so Christianity, would, not have spread, be yond Jadea.. 