A Wonderftil Escape* | Is an old work, called 'Taylor's Mystery of Ghosts, ' occurs the following story of a miraculous escape from drown ing A tall heavy woman, named Williams, had been to sjiend an evening with some friends who resided on the eastern side of the River Usk, near Caerion, in Wales, her own house being on the opposite side. Going and returning, she had to cross a wooden bridge, enrionsly constructed in consequence of the river's occasional rising, which it did sometimes to the almost incredible height of fifty or sixty feet. The boards which composed the flooring of this bridge were designedly loose, and snpported by pegs, in order that on 6tich occasions they might not be destroyed, but float with the tide. Re turning home with a lantern and lighted candle, the night being very dark, Mrs. Williams was passing over when -she trod npon a board which, by 6ome accident, had lost the tenons originally fixed to its cndR. Plank jmd woman slipped and fell into thcriveijjg&toangely; enough, on reach ing the wateffeV^flrs. Williams fonnd her self astride the plank, and supported by it. With great presence of mind, after the 6r*t outburst of alarm, she steadied herself upon her strange steed, and was glad to regain her lantern with the candle still burning, rightly concluding that any one seeing the floating light wonld be cnriou8 to know its meaning. The tide bore her rapidly towards Newport, where she heped her cries wonld be heard by uwse wuo vrouia assist ner, or tnai tne bridge would atay her progress. To her great horror, she was disappointed. The hour was late, and the good peoplo of the town were bnrried in stnmber, and the swiftness of the spring tide sent her straight through the arch with the velocity of an arrow 6hot from a bow. So she sped on, her candle burning lower and lower, hrr hands and limbs so benumbed with cold that she every moment ex pected her hold to relax. In this desper ate position she reached the mouth of the Usk, and was on the eve of encountering the tnrbnlent wares of the Bristol Channel, when the master of a fishing boat, re turning from his nightly toils, saw her gleaning candle, and hearing her cries, succeeded in rescuing her. — London Society, The Hon. Ivo Bligh is organising a cricketing team to play the All England Eleven which is to be selected for the Australian tonr, the match to be played at Scarborough in September. 