IMRS, BIRTLES' BOARDERS. By B. P. WITWORTH. - a a (Co0crWUEDrc.) . tI S'Velry well. Those vhoare in favor-ah I ood Those against---none.- Carried unani mbosly Next business." a "The next bnsiness, Mr. Chairman," said Bob Brown, rising, "is to charge your glasses -All full?--Gentlemen, here's success to the enterprise, and good luck to Miss Tulk, and a God blessherl" "With a hip- hip-hip, hurrah, &c.;' But a penetrating voice came fromn the half open door of Mrs. Birties' little back room, which said, "Too much noise. Go to bed, dear boys. Good-night, and. God bless ou." "All right, mother. Good-night." And we went. . "Dear little womani. She had overheard every word we had said, and I verily believe was crying with joy wheii she slok~ to'us. SAnd our enterprisewas crowned with suc- a cess. Each man laid himself out for his work, and the resultrwas that within a fort- a night the words vere.written, the music com posed, and the songs sung, all three of them, I at a concert in which Bob Brown was inter- a ested. The words were of average oierit, but the melodies were fresh and characteristic, I and the harmony shoved the work of an ac complished musician. They were favourably I mentioned in the papers, and'Iessrs. Quaver, b Crotchet & Co., the great music publishers of e Collins Street, jumped at the chance of pub lishing them. :a So Miss Tulk was set on her-feet, for taken large and by, as sailors say, what with" the I original royalties for singing, and the copy- v right, for -Quaver, Crotche & Co., bought t them out and out, she netted something over a sixty pounds, with the promise of as muchli work as she, in her delicate state of health cared to undertake, and so there was great jubilation in the house of Birtles.. CHAPTER VIII. .....-o?. v . . Ii \- A SHADOW OF EVI. -- C -Yes, jubilati6?i, but notall jubillation. The I shbock to Miss Tulk, whatever it was, had been 1 too great for her nervous system, unstrung as I hadbeehby thegrief known only to herself, to t withstand with impunity, and although she gradually recovered her health, her physical strength was evidently materially impaired, and her mind, if not positively unhinged, was a severely shaken. There was no positive ailment, and al though Dr. Brightstone used to call occasion ally to see his patient, more I fancy out oft a feeling of sympathy and friendliness toward the sad silent woman who seemed to belong to another world than ours, who was, so to speak, with us but not of us, than because he t thought he could do her much good profes- I sionally, and althoughshe slowly regainedher i colour and her goodlooks, for although some. c what haggard and faded, it was easy to be I seen that in her time, and that at no very P long period back, she had been'a beautiful woman, still he would aa to us, or any of us; when she was absent, 'Ah I there's some. I thing there that I havn't probed yet, some- a thing that the finger of science cannot touch. 1 Time is a great healer, but time does not heal every wound to the heart. However, time a alone can tell,.and to time alone we must trust." - As I have said there was no pdsitive ail ment physical or mental, and yet there was I something that could not but cause ns all great anxiety. Than Mrs. Birtles, and I may I say; the rest of us, nobody could be kinder, and, in an unobtrusive way, more attentive, I but she seeded to be a prey to a kind of settled melancholy. And- yet it was not exactly melancholy. It was rather a restless moodinessa lurking and, ever piresent pre sentiment of misfortune,- a weight as if of I impending trouble, a namelessterror that she I could not away with. - - I \- It was no longer anxietyaforthe material needs of the present or even of the future, for thanks to her own skill as a mnsician,'and I thanks also perhaps to a word or so in the I right place and in due season-" and a'word I in due season how good it is"-from some of I us who were not altogether without some little I influence in artistic circles, her work'became I more and more known and appreciated, and I as a matter of course, more in demand, so I that" theeruse of oil and the barrel of meal" ' seemed likely never to fail. Beside. that, as the days went on, and she grew stronger, her pupils came back to her, and soon all her 1 time was fually occupied in writing music, and giving lessons in the various accomplish- i ments of which she was mistress. And the poor lady was grateful, in her own I quiet undemonstrative way, oh hew grateful she was to us.' She might have. nay, as we once or twice delicately hinted, now that she was getting on so.vell, ought, for hef own I sake, to have removed to a more fashionable part of the city,'and into lodgings more suit able to the socialrequirements of her position and to her breeding, but to this she replied with tearniin her eyes; " And where else shall I find friends, such true friends as I have found here. No, no, here, amongst you, have I found such peace-as the world can ever give me. Dearest, kindest of friends, do not weary of me Ipray. Here, with you all let me live my life." A fter that there was of course nothing to be said, and matters quietly settled down into their'ordinary groove.,: . SBut Miss Tulk would no .longer -go ouf teaching, ini fact 'shg seemed to have an un controllable horror of leaving the house, and never went- out of doorsm oftener than she could possibly help, In-fact whenever, as Ssometimes was the case,-she Was obliged to I visit one or the other music publishers, or to I go to see Mr. Lyster at the Opera with a view I to the alteration or re-arrangement of some piece of music, she would only go in a close Scab, and was in a state of pitiable tremoi Sfromthe moment she left until she returned. Sundays only was an exception, when closely I veiled, and leaning on the arm of stalwart SBob Brown she went to perform her duties at St. Bridget's, land even then, as I have heard Bob say, she was wont to tremble all I the way there and back. This nameless terror, this constant dread, 1 what was it? Some of us knew, or thought we knew "as in a glass darkly." Bather was it we guessed, that the sudden fright at the Sracecourse, and the tall, dark, soldierly look ing man, who had followed her home, and Swho had pawned the locket, had something to do with it, we felt convinced. But what? Never mind what. It was a mystery. It was SIbiss Tulk's secret, and no business of ours to enquire into it. - S Miss Tulk's unaccountable restlessness Sseemed day by day to increase. It grew to be her wont to sit at the window, shaded by the Scurtains, and seemingly oblivious of all else, \- to watch with haggard and anxious eyes for . rsomething which never came, something she t felt unconsciously impelled to look for, and 1 yet which she fearedto see, and we becameso r accustomed to this strange proceeding of hers t that at length we took no notice. \- But one evening a strange and unaccount I ab!e thing took place. One of those things which sometimes occur, but which reason re e fuses or is important to explain. One of i those psychological mysteeies beyond the s reaches of our souls which so strongly, point d out the truth of the hackneyed quotation, "There are more things in heaven and earth then ever we read of in our philosophy." It was a dark, dismal night-a miserable night, a night not fit to turn a dog out in. I The wind biew in short, sullen gusts, the driving rain fell with a heavy and intermin- i able swish against the closed windows, and I the gas lamp at the opposite corner shone sicklily through the blurred glass. b, that is those of us whose duties did not call us out, were snugly ensconsed in the general I sitting-room, some reading, some chatting, Mrs. Birtles with her interminable sewing, and Miss Tulk talking to herself on the piano I as was her frequent habit. Suddenly the snatches of airs and varia tions on them she had been playing glided onf into a wild, weird, but inexpressibly plaintive minor strain, full of strange chords and unexpected cadences. It was like noth ing we had ever heard before, and we stopped to listen to, and look at her. She seemed to be playing altogether unconsciously, and as if she were under some unknown and uncontrol lable spell. Then, after a time, she all at I once let her hands drop on the keyboard with a harsh discord, and rising from the instru ment, with a ghastly white.and scared face, and dilated eyes, she rapidly crossed· the room, and threw the window wide open, 1 staring out blankly into the murk street. A moment she stood, the rain heating into her face, and the sharp wind tossing her hair about her shoulders, and then, witha low, gasping scream, fell back into the room in a faint. A moment, and we were at the window. Not a sight, but the shining pavement, the blinking lamp, and the dim outlines of the opposite .houses. Not a sound save the ceaseless plash of the rain, and the dismal sough'of the wind. * What had she seen? What heard? Who kibws? Nothing, maybe, except that in a waking trance she had-both seen and-heard the shadow and the far-off voice of coming evil. - -* \- . CHAPTED IX. \- - DORKtEST. 000R0 DAs . In the exciteinent and gratification of.Miss Tolk's success, I had almost forgotten the locket, and the mysterious man of the race course, until I was reminded of it oneday by Mrs. Meoss who had come pp to see her friend Mrs. Birtles. It wasa hot dayin March, and I was just putting on a dust coat preparatory to going out after breakfast, when the Jewves came in. "I should like to have a fewwords with you before you go, if you please, Mr. -Grant," she said. .. "Certainly, Mre. Moss," I replied, return ing to the dining-room. \- "Ton remember that locket ? " she began. ,, Yes.' W" Well, he's been again." . "Again--where? " "To Manuel's. That's Josephson. This time it was .8 watch, a gold repeater, a real Breguet, very oid-fashioned, but ohl I such a beauty. Set round with brilliants and a coat of arms engraded inside the case. I couldn't bring it with me, you know, because the gentleman might come in any moment to re deem it. Not that I think he wiUl, for his sort mostly don't. There was a diamond hoop ring, too, anda bracelet, but they're not so valuable. He got twenty pounds on the lot." "Are you sre it's the same man?"' I asked. "Oh I trust Manuel for that. He never forgets a 'face, if itwas ever so." - "Well, what do you want me to do?" I said. " Come rounid and see it. Perhaps yoa can make it out. I believe law gentlemen under stand coats of arms, and snuch like: . I don't, more don't Manuel." , : - I promised, and called that ver' day. Mr. Josephson know me through his sater-in-law, and took me into a back office. Unlocking a safe.he took out the watch, which I saw at first sight was a valuable, though an old fashioned one. Having some slight know ledge of the science of heraldry, I examined the arms enugiaed uponuit-. o far'as Icould make out, it was, technically speaking, as fol lows:-Gules, within a bordure, engrailed or, a lion rampant of the last. Crest, a lion pas sant or, supporters, two Talbot hounds proper, collared Gules. Motto, "Ifumani nhili alcniumo," and surmounting the escut cheon was an Earl's Loronet. - I took a note of this, thanked him, and left. I next proceeded to -he Public Library, consulted "Burke," and there soon found what-I wanted. ". "Yes, there it was all correct. The- ar morial achievement of the noble house of Chetwynd-Talbot, the head of the Catholic houses of England, as Earl Talbot unquestion ably is. Although I can hardly say I- was surprised at this, I was undoubtedly some what staggered. What connection could poor Miss Tulk have with such a family ? And yet theportrait, the initials, the coronet on the locket, this strange man, seeingwhom I felt convinced had been the cause of her fright, and who had seen her, and found out her residence. But then again, if he had.dohe so, months had gone by, and he had made no sign. What was this mystery? I was deter mined to fathom it. But how ? What busi ness was it of mine ? What right had I to interfere ? Clearly none. If Miss Talk had a secret, and chose to keep it, it was worse than impertinence on my part to meddle. And yet with a lawyer's instinctive wish to ferret out things, I longed to get to the bottom of it. SAlh I the mystery was solved, and by me, too, sooner than I anticipated. Next morning as I was preparing to leave the house, I was speaking to Miss Toulk at the time, a knock came to the door. Miss Tulk started with a vague presentiment of evil. Joanna went to the door and entered the room, announcing, "a gentleman to see Miss Tualk. The visitor followed close at her heels, and closing the door as she left it, stood with his back to it, gazing at.the poor lady with infernal malice. "8o, madam, I have found you ?" She was- as white as a ghost, and staggered, supporting heiself by the mantelpiece. "Do not leave me, Mr. Grant,":' she gasped. " "Mr. Grant, or whatever the devil his name is, will leave you pretty soon if-he con sults his own interest. That is to say, if he don't want to be chucked out of the window," he retorted, with a sneer. I could have killed the man. I felt theit. I was accounted one of the best amateur wrest lers and boxers in Melbourne, and I had youth and-stamina on my side. He had neither, for although he was tall, and had once been muscular, I knew too much about training not to see that dissipation had rendered him flabby, and comparatively weak and short winded. I therefore replied calmly,." As for that, this lady has requested me to remain, and remain I shall. So far as throwing ihe out of the window goes, I should advise you not to try it." He moved a step forward, as if to put his threat into execution, but he stopped, measured me with his eye, and thought bot ter of it. "We'll see about that later," he said. "Who is this insolent ruffian?' Iasked, ignoring his remark. - Me laughed a low, fiendish laugh, and said, S"Ahl I justso. Whoishe?" This low, in solent miffian is that woman's husband. Let her deny it if she can.' And now, sir, who are you who dares to stand between a huslband and wife, and prevent their little endearments and connubialities.' This was spoken with such an intensity of malignity, that I almost shuddered with horror. "'Is this true, madam?" I asked. " Yes-no-no," and the words camefalter ingly--"it is not true. That is, Inmarried him, but--oh I cannot tell-the shanie of it would killme." "You lie, you hag," he said brutally. "I do not lie-oh Mr.Grant, 1 do not lie." "Lie, or -no lie, you foul-mouthed scoun drel," I interrupted, "you'll keep a civil tongue in.your head to that lady in my pre sence, or I'll break every bone in your body. You threaten to throw me out of the window. You can't, and you know it. I threaten to kick you into the gutter. I can, and I will. So be careful." - "Who are you who are so scrupulous?'" he asked, with a sneer; " wh6 are yon to in terfere between a woman ind her loving lord and master?" "I'll tell you if you want to know," Ire turned, "I am connected with the law-the criminal law, if you know' what that imeais. I am that much professionally. -As a private individual I aen man enough to protect that lady, or any other womanu Ilhope, from -a brute." - " My reference to the lawwas a bow drawn at a venture, but I saw by the whitening of his lips that my arrow had pierced the joints of his harness. : . SHe laughed, but forcedly.- "Then if you area lawyer," he said,'"you know that you must: not meddle between hhusband and wife." - ' The lady denied it,and I believe her," I said, calmly.. . - - He became doggedly furious. ' Thelady the lady will say anything, curse her" I " "Thelady will speak the truth, I know that of her," I retorted. He eyed me with a ncurious scowl. ?" You know," he said, "what do you know?-per haps she has told youen. " No I No I No I On my soul, Edward,I have never breathed a whisper of my shame to :a living soul. I have never mentioned your name nor your existence. As there is a God above, I have not." The poor woman cried. "I have hidden myself qnd my shame and my grief in poverty and obscurity, and hoped I should never see your face again," and she burst into a flood of tears. "Come, this sympathetic business won't go down with me, you know," he said; "it may go down with some people, but Iknow you, my lady, and you know me. Are you going to leave this cursed.hole and come with me, with your devoted Edward?" and he ac companied his brutal sneer with a fiendish grin.. Oh no, no, never. Leave me in peace, oh, for God's sake do. I will give you all I have. All I It isn't much, but you shallhave all if you will but leave me in peace." "Yes, the.wife to live in uInxury while the husband starves. - Oh, Ihave heard of you. All about you. The talented authoress, whose latest compositions' have created such a f-ure in musical circles. Well paid, too, I'm told. That's lucky, for I'm devilish hard up, just now.' ". And would you rob me of my very bread. Oh I Edward, yon would not do that, and after all the ill yon have wrought me ?" "No," he replied, with asardonio smile, "we'll share it together-love." "Never, never," she cried, roused into fury by hilast taunt. "Edward Curtis,if that be your real name, for I know not even that, listen to me now. Yonhavest last drivenme to bay, and I care not if I proclaim my wrongs even in the market place. I hated you, I feared you, now I despise you." "Quite melodramatic, I declare. What a figure you will make on the stage, when I place you there, my dear Beatrix." - "Beatrix I" I had stepped forward-to smite the cowardly savage to the floor. That word saved him. It was the key note, the missing link. It flashed acneross my mind like a ray of light. The portrait, the initials, B.C.T. Beatrix Chewynd-Talbot. Great Heavens, what a revelation. :- -. She went on in the torrent of her passion. The fierybloodof theLords of Alton hadcoime to the front, and no mistake. "Look at that miserable ruffian, that cowardly bully," she said, " he married me when I was a girl, a young and innocent girl. Stole me frommy father's house, and married me in Scotland, he did, Captain. Edward Curtis. A fine captain, cashiered for peati lation, a rout, a gambler, nay, worse, a sharper. I. married hiin, and killed my mother, and earned my father's curse.. Oh3 that I had torn off the ears that listened ta his lying. vois, had plucked out the tongue that made the fatal promise. We-went to Baden, Hombourg, Ems5 everywhere where there were pigeons to be pluceked. God help me," and her voice died away in a piteous wail,. "I -did not know it then. I was young and innocent. Ah me I He robbed me of my last farthing. Then he stole, yes stole,;my jewels, for I had jewels, plenty, and I took themrwith me when I eloped. And all this time he had another wife. alive. I learnt it afterwards, after the poor creature was dead. I knewit, but I could not proveit legally. He had married.her in France under another name. .When I chasged him with ithe laughed, and dared me to do my worst..Then he, oh Heaven, I cannot speak the disgraesul words-he would have sold m~ to eternal shame, but I fled, fled in hunger and poverty with my dying child, my little Beatrix on my breast.. I wandered, I know not whither, for Iwas'mad after my baby died. Thelighthad. gone out of my life for ever. People were kind to the half demented woman, and-I ear ned a subsistence by my musical talents. Once I met him in Munnich. I asked him for charity for I was hungry, and he spurned me with a curse and a blow. Then I sought refuge in the river, but I was saved from that crime on the brink, by an angel in woman form who sheltered me, and made me up a little purse to take me home. I went penitent and broken hearted to my father's house, but he would not see me. He sent me money, some money, and bade me begone. I came to Australia to hide my shame and disgrace in another land and under another name. ly history since that you know, Ir. Grant." "Upon my word a very pretty story, and. very effectively told, for the stage, only it lacks one element, namely that of truth. This mad woman's story is a tissue of lies from beginning to end" said Curtis coolly. " One poition of it is true at all events," I said, "that you took this poor lady's-jewels, and that you have pawned them, I know." He looked at me curiously. "You know ?" he asked. I looked him square in the face,and said firmly "Yes, I know, John Johnson." He started as if he had been stung, and glared at me savagely, "What the devil is the meaning of this jugglery he cried. 'What do you know ? Who are you ?" . "INever mind that. Never mind what .'I know. I know so. That's enough. Now do you know what being shadowed by the detectives means?"' - "Ho gavga long disconcerted whistle, and Shis jaw dropped perceptibly. "Thedf perhaps you know-" - "I know who this lady is, and wis, and what's more to the purpose I know who and what you are. Why man I saw you on the raccourso on Cup Day and who- you' were with, and what you were up to. I saw you Sfollow the cab to this very house. I saw you pledge a gold repeater watch, a bracelet and I and a diamond ring in Bourke Street, the s other day. There's a locket too that I know all about. The arms on the watch and the Scoronet and initials on the lcket are pretty straight evidence that they're ent eiyoi at all events." " But they were my wife's," he said, trn idg to a sicklypaleness. "Bah I don't be absurd. Do you imagine a distinguished swel mobsman like you can travel incognito. No, no more than you aould if you were a prince, or an earl. Be, sides, we happen to have a few French detea tives here, and they're generally thought to be fairly fly." This was a pretty tall game of "bluff" on my part, but every shot told. His nether lip trembled, and he said in a low voice, "What's thelay ." "That you'll know soon enough if youdon't` clear out, and that quickly too. Would you. like this pretty story to be told before a police magistrate?. SHe absolutely treibled with terror. T."You're " poor .cwardly.rascal after all. Don't bealarmed.. Yonu'renotrequiredjustat . present; but if you are'ue know well enough when and where to lay our hands on you. Now you. can go; but mark me now, if you dare to annoy:this lady again, by woid, letter, or message, you're boqked sure, and you may ' guess what that smeans. Noty go. Stop though, hand me over those pawi. tickets for theproperty belonging to LadyBeatrice Chet-. wynd, Talbot." He was completely cowed;, and handed them over with trembling hands, and with out a word. During this unexpected denouement, MIiss Talk, as Istill call her, stood gazing and lis- - tenin~g like one in'a dream. The tables wefo so completely turned on her persecutor that she seemed as if she could neither understand nor believe what was occdurriig. But when the man shk had once.lovea turned to slouch away, all the pity of a great woman's heart burst forth in its tenderness. " Oh, Edward, that it shodld .cdme to this, to this, at last. An ontoast and a vagabond on the face of the earth. See, here is money. Twenty pounds. It willkeep you from star ving and from temptation. Take it in Heaven's name, and reform.. See here, too, is a lock of baby's haircut from her head as she lay in her little coffin in far onl Fermany. When you are tempted to evil, look at it and pray for help. And now go your way, and may God, in his infinitemereyforgive-you- as-I-I-I-" He slouchdd out without a word, even as she spoke, and with true womanly consistency - she sedzed my hand, kissed it gratfully, and then fellin a dead faint on the floor. 