[?] The entertainments at the three theatres have been unvaried during the week, excepting at the Gaiety, where, on Friday and Saturday, Mr. W. E. Sheridan assumed for the first time in the colony the leading part in Shakspeare's most familiar play, ' Hamlet.' We have often protested against the unfairness to actors and the public of presenting great works with the scantiest supply of stage surroundings, and by a company the majority of whom are totally unfitted for the roles assigned to men, and unprovided with the dresses which appropriately belong to the characters they assume, and the case under notice is but another of many such instances. Perhaps when the new theatre is built some enterprising manage- ment will introduce a better state of things, but at present the difference in the completeness and mag- nificence by which Harry of Monmouth's doings are put before us, and the sorry state of the ' Royal Dane, afford a pitiful contrast, and make one exclaim with the poet that "there's something rotten in the state of Denmark.'' Mr. Sheridan evidently belongs to that class, who, in reply to the oft- repeated question, "Was Hamlet mad ?" would answer in the negative ; he is careful throughout to make this felt by his hearers, from the time when he charges Horatio and his friends on the watch to guard his secret, and no matter " How strange or odd so e'er I bear myself As I, perchance, hereafter shall think meet To put an antic disposition on," to betray in any way that they know a reason there for. So, in his meeting with Ophelia, the violence in speech and manner came after he had seen the King and Polonius, and seemed the result of his discovery that she was joining in the schemes against him, by her declaring that her father was at home when she knew him to be hidden hard by. Mr. Sheridan is the Hamlet of Shakspeare as Goethe understood him— the key to his whole conduct found in the ejacula tion, "The time is out of joint. 0 cursed spite That ever I was born to set it right;" and the feeling that the soul was unfit for the burden, which all the better part of his nature called upon him to take up, as revealed in that uncertainty which finds expression in the great soliloquy, declar- ing that "enterprises of great pith and moment, their currents turn awry." In all the long speeches there was everything to satisfy the hearer, and in the busi- ness of some of the scenes novelties which were very interesting ; but there was on Saturday night an un- certainty, and at times a positive stoppage, in the dialogue until the prompter's help was avail- able, which robbed the rendering of much of its charm, and which, in the case of the principal actor, is a serious fault. We agree with Mr. Bristow's dictum in "The Crushed Tragedian" — "A star must be letter-perfect." Many scenes were omitted, and with them several characters, and those who appeared had many of their speeches shortened. The King did not pray, so Hamlet's one chance of killing him was lost ; yet withal there was plenty to remind the hearers how universal is the application of many sayings from this play to the occurrences of our everyday life, and how much of the text has become identified with the spoken English of to-day. The Laertes of Mr. Frank Cates was a novelty as regards that gentlemen's previous performances, but it was hardly a success ; it was, in dress and interpre- tation, very unlike the good representations we have seen, and, from circumstances not within the control of Laertes, the famous scene between Ophelia, Polonius, and his son, was laughable rather than im- pressive. In the latter portions of the play Mr. Cates was more effective ; he also took the part of the first actor, and spoke the lines for which Hamlet asked with good expression. Mr. J. Stark bur- lesqued Polonius, and Mr. Rayner as the king was far from kingly. Mr. Rainford, as the Ghost, was as much above the average in the caste as Mr. A. L. Burton, as Horatius, was below. Miss Louise Daven- port looked emphatically the "fair Ophelia;" but, beyond the charm of her appearance and the graceful costume, there was little to note. Miss M. A. Mel- ville played the Queen, and in the closet scene efficiently aided the Hamlet of the evening. There were large audiences, and much ap- plause was accorded to Mr. Sheridan. On Mon- day 'The Marble Heart' was again played, and on Tuesday, the closing night of the season, a complimentary benefit was given to Mr. Frank Cates, who for the first time assumed the character of Iago, Mr. Sheridan, who was in particularly good form, appearing again as the valiant Moor. The feeling aroused Dy Mr. Sheridan's rendering iB different from that produced by many actors ; he is so earnest in his fury, gives such license to his jealousy, that he closely approaches a savage in his rage ; he makes his audiences feel how abso lutely he has surrendered himself to the monster created by Iago, so that they tremble at rather than pity him, and shrink from his passion in terror rather than long to disabuse his mind. In many parts he was grandly effective, and several times roused his audience to thorough enthusiasm. His dresses are magnificent ; and here and in much of the business we fancy Mr. Sheridan has made Salvini his model. Mr. Frank Cates looked too slim for the cunning Iago, although the great Csesar's declaration that a man with a ' lean and hungry look thinks too much, and is dangerous,' gives good warranty for Iago's lacking superfluous flesh; but he had too thorough manliness in his look to carry out the despicable plan ascribed to the ancient. The best parts of his acting were those in which most is exaeted from the actor, as in the scene where Othello's rage seeks to wreak itself upon the fiend who had tortured him, and in the dissimulation with Cassio and Desde mona. Mr. Cates and Mr. Sheridan were simul taneously recalled after one scene, and signs of appro bation were very frequent. Miss Davenport's Desde mona has in no way changed. Miss M. A. Melville was Emilia ; and, though the representation was far from good in an artistic sense, the lady was so much in earnest that she was loudly applauded several times. On Wednesday, Thursday, and Good Friday, the theatre was used by Mr. Charles Bright, the -well-known lecturer ; to-night Mr. Sheridan will reappear in his great impersonation of King Lear. At the Theatre Royal ' Henry V.' was played for the last time on Thursday night. The gorgeous pageant has not been 60 financially successful as the management would have liked, and as they had every zeason to expect: but its production will be a memorable as it is a natural result of the season of Jlr. George Rignold, whose representation of the gallant King is so immeasurably beyond any other of the present generation (and indeed of the past) that it is a part of his professional duty to reproduce it periodically. In the majority of the characters represented, the recent cast was better than previous ones. In the Captain Fluellen it was greatly inferior, but Messrs. Cathcart, Leake, Walton, and Carey will be remembered with great interest ; Misses JJraybrook Hendereon, Solange Novaro, aud 'Watts- Phillips will keep a warm place in our memories for their artistic -work, and also Miss Emily Fitzroy, for the charming picture of the French princess. To- night 'Romany Rye'' will be given for the first time in Australia ; and without in any way taking off the keen edge of the appetite of expectation we may remind our readers that this is the latest of a series of highly successful, if not literally great, dramas by Mr. G. R. Sims. It is written for effect, and affords endless scope for the scene-painter and mechanist. There is a shipwreck and a racecourse, and a bird-fancier's shop from Seven Dials, a neighbourhood which figures in the last opera of Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan. The scenery has been painted specialty by Mr. John Hennings from home models, and Mr. Rignold has for some weeks been indefatigable at rehearsal. 'The Strategist' is now commencing its sixth week. Still the people go, and still as certainly as they go they laugh heartily. Mr. and Mrs. Polk seem, to increase the favourable impression they produced on the opening night, and the same may safely be said of the clever company supporting them. The manage ment have every reason to be content with the present, and to be encouraged for the future by the assurance that a good thing well produced almost invariably wins a large share of public favour. 'The Hibemicon'' at the Academy of Musis was very numerously patronised on St. Patrick's Day, and during the week has maintained its character for genuine fun. By panoramic illustrations of cities and places, and by well-acted representations of adventures and striking situations, the occurrences in a pleasure trip by a party of Americans are vividly reproduced, and the story, aided by some very fair singing, excites great interest. The same programme .. will doubtless be popular for some time. The sym pathies of the public are further enlisted by the dis tribution which nightly takes place. In addition to the Good Friday concert given by the Musical Union in York-street Wesleyan Church, a musical entertainment was provided in the Exhibi tion-building, Prince Alfred Park, at wnich Signora Fabris, Signor Paladini, and Mr. F. J. Hallewell were the principals. The mention of some of these artiste recalls the Liedertafel concert, of which, owing to the hour of our going to press, our notice was necessarily some what hurried. It is very much to be regretted that the officer of the society whose duty it is to arrange the programme did not take means to assure himself by all possible trials that the principals were well prepared with their contributions. By neglecting this, a composer who, whatever his eccentricities may be, was unsurpassed by his contemporaries, was made to appear ridiculous by a fragmentary portion of a certain number being substituted for the number itself. Nothing more utterly unworthy of the singers and of their subject has ever been attempted here. Signora Fabris has many times received at our hands the heartiest commendation we could bestow for the conscientious efforts of an accomplished artist ; she was, moreover, with Signor Paladini most honourably associated in the first production of 'Lohengrin' in Australia, and it is, therefore, deeply to be regretted that she permitted herself to be a participator in rendering the mangled version attempted, but having consented to such patchwork it was incumbent upon her to make herself ac quainted with the eliminations perpetrated. That such a liberty should have been taken -with Wagner's music, and sanctioned by our Liedertafel, is most unsatisfactory. As well might we tolerate Ophelia's first speaking the lines set down for Hamlet, and the melancholy prince repeating them on his part. The entertainment organised by Mrs. H. R. Woods at Manly was so interesting and successful that efforts are being made to secure its repetition in Syd ney in aid of the Kendall Fund. Music and poetry are so essentially twin sisters in art that there is everything to make the entertainment appropriate. An Australian-born family of musicians exercising their gifts on behalf of the children of Australia's first poet affords a picture which commends itself to the universal support of Australian artists and an Australian public. As a proof of the favour accorded to Gounod's latest work, it may be stated that ' Redemption ' has this year replaced Bach's 'Passion according to John,' which has long been given at St. Anne's, Soho, at the special services on Friday evenings during j Lent. Mr. Ernst Pauer, the well-known musician, I composer, and musical critic, has compiled ' A Birth- ! day Book of Musicians and Composers for every Day in the Year,' which contains quotations from the writings of musicians, historians, biographers, critics, poets, theorists, philosophers, and men of letters, from St. Ambrose .and St. Augustine to the men of the present time. It contains a mass of infor mation, and will undoubtedly form one of the most attractive works of the class to which it belongs. The following extracts will give our readers some idea of the matter included : ' Remember that a good composition is worthy of good practice.' ' Better to be on intimate terms with three classical composers than to have a kind of bowing acquaintance with two or three dozen.' ' Romanticism is in Mendelssohn sobered and regu lated by an extraordinarily refined taste and feeling and by the consummate mastery over form and con struction, which produced in him a coolness of judg ment and an amount of self-control that might have chilled the glowing fire of pure and simple roman ticism, but which -virtually made Mendelssohn's music the transition and the connecting link between the older classicism and the modern romantic school.' Herr Pachmann, a Russian pianist, has been the centre of attraction in the first half of the season's Monday Popular Concerts. He has hitherto limited his performances to the most difficult of Chopin's compositions, and has won unqualified praise. The Cambridge University Musical Society has again distinguished itself by giving an excellent con cert. The programme contained choice specimens of the music of the sixteenth and eighteenth centuries, with two compositions of the present century, Beethoven's ' Ah perfido,' and a baritone solo and chorus, v Awake, my heart,' by the society's talented conductor, Mr. V. C. Stanford. J. S. Bach's noble cantata, ' Halt im Gedachtniss,' was heard for the first time in England. A symphony in D, by the most famous of Bach's sons, Carl Philip Emanuel (one of the landmarks in the transition from Bach to Haydn), and a selection from Palestrina's ' Missa Papae Mar celli ' -were the prominent items. The music of Leo Delibes to 'Victor Hugo's ' Le Roi s'amuse ' is very highly praised. In it are six dance tunes — a Gaillard, Pavane, Scfcne du Bouquet, Lesquercarde, Madrigal, and Passepied — played during the ball scene by an invisible orchestra. These, it is predicted, ' will soon make the round of Europe,' and it is to be hoped will find their way to Australia. Great enthusiasm was aroused by the singing of an olqj^F rench song,. ' Quand Bourbon vit Marseille,' to a piquant accompaniment of a mando line and four bow instruments. John Freund, editor of the New York weekly Music and Drama, has started a daily Music and Drama, j price two cents. ! There are said to be 1457 theatres in Europe ; Italy, with 348, is first on the list; France, 337, second; Germany, 194, third ; Great Britain, 150, fourth. Servia has only 1, and Greece only 4. 