Supreme Court-Civil Sittings. (Before His Honor the Chief Justice.) TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER l8. DEMPSTER v. SHEA AND MAGUIRE. The point of law reserved in this action, on the hearing of the case last week, came on for argument on Tuesday. The plaintiff, it will be remembered, sought to recover possession of a piece of land, containing ten aeres, known as Seven Springs, near. Newcastle, under the fol- lowing circumstances. The land in question was willed to the plaintiff about .fifteen years ago by a man named Norris, and shortly after- wards the defendant Maguire, without the plaintiff's knowledge, entered into possession of the place. In 1869 the other defendant, Mrs. Shea, was admitted as a tenant of the land in question by the plaintiff, at a nominal rent of £1 a year, which rent she continued to pay un- til August 1873, Maguire meanwhile continuing in possession-and, in fact, remaining in pos- session until the present action commenced-he and Mrs. Shea living together on the location in dispute. After hearing the evidence, the Court found that, as regards Mrs. Shea, her tenancy wasa bona fide tenancy, and, as she had paid rent to the plaintiff up to within ten years ago, he was not barred by the statute from re- covering possession of the land, so far as she was concerned. Maguire, however,who had been in undisturbed possession since March 1869 with- out paying any rent, and whose occupancy com- menced before Mrs. Shea's tenancy, claimed the land, as against the plaintiff, under the statute oí limitation, and the point of law reserved for argument was whether under these circumstan- ces a verdict should not be entered in Maguire's favor. Mr. Burt, with whom Mr. Frank Stone, now appeared for the defendant Maguire ; and Mr. Leake for the plaintiff, Mr. Dempster. Mr. Burt moved that so much of the judg- ment as had been entered, on the- hearing of the case, against Maguire should be set aside, and judgment entered in his favour, on the ground that, upon the finding of the Court, he was en- titled to such judgment. The defence rested on the statute of limitation, and it would not be disputed (the learned counsel said) that the plaintiff, before he could oust the defendant, must satisfactorily prove that his title is un- barred by the statute-he must succeed by virtue of the validity of his own title, and not by the weakness of the defendant's. The plaintiff's right of action first accrued from the time of the death of the testator, Norris, who demised the land in dispute to him, and as this was over twelve years ago, and the defendant Maguire had been in possession ever since-the plaintiff not having meanwhile exercised any act of ownership, so far as Maguire was con- cerned-he was now barred by the statute from bringing this action to recover possession of the land, lie did not mean to say he was barred, as regards Mrs. Shea, for the Court had found that, so far as she was concerned, she had paid rent for the land to the plaintiff within the last ten years ; but he submitted that, as regards Maguire, who had paid no rent, Maguire was entitled- to claim under the statute, seeing that the plaintiff had not exercised his right of action within twelve years of the time when that right accrued, namely on the death of the testator. It appeared from the evidence that the plaintiff had never been in actual possession of the pro- perty, and that Maguire entered into posses- sion shortly after the testator's death, and be- fore Mrs. Shea became a tenant. So far as Mrs. Shea was concerned, the statute did not commence to run against the plaintiff until August, 1873, up to which time she had paid rent for the place, and therefore so far as she was concerned the Court had decided that the plaintiff was entitled to succeed, as against her. But, as regards Maguire, the Court found that he was in possession before Mrs. Shea, and that he had never paid any rent, nor authorised her to pay any rent for htm. His donor : But the question is (as pointed out by Mr. Leake on the hearing of the case) can there be at the same time a lawful posses- sion, under a tenancy, and an adverse or tortu- ous possesion ? Did not Mrs. Shea's posses- sion as a tenant put an end to Maguire's pos- session as a trespasser ? Mr. Burt : If so, what would be the use of the statute ? It would never run against a man so as to bar him. His Honor : It would have run against Mr. Dempster from the time of the testator's death, and barred him, if Mrs. Shea had not been put in possession. I must hold that directly she came in, with a good title, as a tenant, she was clothed with all the authority of the landlord himself, and that she ousted Ma- guire, who was a mere trespasser,-but whose trespass undoubtedly would by this time have been a good trespass if it had not been interfered with. But where a person is an intruder ab initio, directly a lawful possessor comes in, the intruder's possession is put an end to, as it was here when Mrs. Shea became the tenant, and paid rent for the property to the plaintiff. Mr. Burt said the payment of rent under a tenancy bad no effect except as against the ten- ant or the person claiming under him, and the payment of rent by Mrs Shea had no effect ex- cept against herself or the person claiming un- der her. Maguire never paid any rent through Mrs. Shea, nor authorised her to pay any rent on his behalf. If the mere putting of a tenant in possession denuded a previous occupier of his right and title to claim under the statute, and gave the landlord a fresh right, what was the use of the statute P A landlord might come in- to possession of property, but never exercise the right of ownership in respect of a particular portion of it, within the period prescribed by the statute, and, during all this time some other person may have remained in undisturbed pos- session of that particular portion of the land, and when, upon an attempt being made to eject him, he sets up the plea here set up, namely the statute of limitation, all the landlord would have to do would be to show that he had put a tenant on the land while the statute was run- ning against him, and the time would only count from the commencement of the tenancy and not from the time when the trespasser claiming under the statute entered into posses- sion. His Honor : Clearly Mr. Dempster could have turned Maguire out at any time within twelve years after the death of the testator, under whose will he claimed, and he virtually did turn him out by putting Mrs. Shea in possession. If you can show me a ghost of a case to prove that there may be a legal possession under a tenancy simultaneously with a wrongful possession in somebody else, I shall be happy to listen to you, but, at present, it appears to me you have not a leg to stand upon. Mr. Burt : Did Mr. Dempster set time run- ning in his favour, as against Maguire's posses- sion, by putting Mrs. Shea in ? I would admit the argument at once if Mrs. Shea had been in lawful possession before Maguire, but the evi- dence went to show that Maguire was in posses- sion long before Mrs. Shea was admitted as a tenant, and he has continued in possession to this day. His Honor : Surely it must be admitted that a good title at any time is better than a bad one. It would be monstrous to hold anything to the contrary, than that a person who enters with a good title is in a better position than an intru- der. Mr. Burt : The true test is this-whether the plaintiff brought his action within twelve years of his right of action accruing. His Honor : Which was the date of the last payment of rent made by Mrs. Shea. Mr. Burt : What I submit is that the payment of rent by Mrs. Shea had no effect except as against herself. His Honor : Surely it must affect Maguire as a sub-tenant, or, if he was not a sub-tenant he was absolutely an intruder. Directly Mrs. Shea entered into possession she extinguished Maguire's inchoate rights. Supposing Mr. Dempster had gone there himself, instead of Mrs. Shea, and found Maguire in posses- sion, and that Maguire succeeded in getting on the soft side of Mr. Dempster and in inducing him to let him remain there, exercising the privilges of a guest, for a term of twelve years-do you mean to say that would be a bar against Mr. Dempster's right of action ? Mr. Burt : If Maguire remained there merely as a guest I don't suppose his title would be good, but if he remained in possession as the oc- cupier, as he did in this case, I submit he would have a very good claim under the statute. The statute must always be running someway or other against the owner ; and was it not running here against Mr. Dempster, so far as Maguire is con- cerned? His Honor : The statute only runs against the owner when he does not exercise the rights of ownership, but here Mr. Dempster exercised the rights of ownership by putting Mrs. Shea in as a tenant, and receiving rent from her, which he did for three or four years,-up to 1873. Mr. Burt : If your Honor is prepared to hold that Maguire held the property under Mrs. Shea, it appears to me there is an end of the matter. His Honor : Still more so, if Maguire was a mere intruder. A person in possession as an in- truder is in a worse position than if he were in possession under a sub-tenancy. Mr. Burt : Then, I understand your Honor to rule that Mr. Depmster's right of action com- menced from the last payment of rent by Mrs. Shea and not from the death of the testator, under whose will he first became possessed of the land. His Honor : Certainly. Mr. Burt: Then I don't think I need trouble your Honor any further. His Honor : Very well. The case is an im- portant one, and I should like to give a written judgment, which I will do on Thursday. The Court then adjourned. 