'? . .<U01H>Af{-*¡áHVMY ltlS83. ;J; ^ß^rs^.Bapff7 .in ti>c recent number; bf Uib Syи University JU-iicw U.n,, final contribu 'SÓÍcsntíe: ?".Ifc'is- AAcontinriatioa pn^icr on-'thb ?ßubjcöti6fUpVe^H*ü^ ; $7'^/.^.Ä^WM»;-in-d' bad, winch J ^r^rj^'a^^ p.oiifyc$.'^ ije Btartk ^tl^.wiiatiUf1- (considerii n«,8ÚiÍicm¿tíy. proved,,. viz., tUat- iMih«)lkr04T»f:ral system, .is incqnL.., j»¡8Í*"»t» w-ibh, -.the votaieniinl.. principios.¡and. condiHioiifi- IOE .ideniutaracy,'' ? anti quotes,- M tí. IGOLDWIÎÏ' SSITPB: -an an ? authority. for ths'-prci» 1 ?drclibii"tKàt.''"Itiie',tilinS is» not far distânt-whcn 'rWvBWnpló; fórtí! "tff 'Ä 'singlo -Legteiativb' .^^é^ií-VÍV^W^^1 "fiifHalriorit oí. iul^Ujïiè." 7 ^oyertheloBB ho .adjuiitó, fchaít - either..from ho,bit, and association,, or írom .«mservat»^!..instinct -and - tendency,. thb1 ; bi^camifTAl'i Bystora^- 'ie .'almost ?univcxaàllj-? ' '?ttdfep^'iTi^dénioeíatíb- systems ba*0&'6& íUe"1 .BT^UBII modolj and that ift appears inpTitiabbV 'tKat'tlua tj£-st'6m^bî 'wiíl DO 'í tUû| prqvaiíjríJó^ra of quasi-roprcBenta . tive iuatUntipr;8ríor.ycry long, if »ot forin-: cnJoniaWftiiôriotiaiîl-.Obis is tho-problom which. ' ta.o-'WTitOT sots bo foro himself to study, rand-lio vnôïtà: wlíát' "is best'to- bo done under the ¿ircnmBta'HcQs; 'Ila' BOOB a 'largo' nunilier of 'political obihmunitic's, all endowed With tho s,ufïrago, on.'tne ground that they aro tho beat judges of how to govern themselves. They all-obstinatoly persist in preferring two iiousda to ono, although certain thooiista and logician» hav"o' clearly - proved that that ie a mistake. They müßt bo'humoured, ria they cannot be controlled, and theroforo tho best tiling is to provide fin.improved method of constituting tho Upper Iioußo. eo os to minimise tho evil while it lasts. \- But: surely litis wide preference for tho bi-càmeral system outrht, In the minds of practical politicians, to count for something, :6t rather to count for s, groat deal, and lead them to suspect their antagonistic theories. ? Constitutions, says Sir JAMES MACINTOSH,.are ' not 'modo, thej* grow. Ke waa referring, pf cóúrse, to the constitutions of - old. countries, ¿nd not. to tho constitutions of colonies, I which in the first instance - must neces I sarily bo made. .A" constitution which lias grown .is tho . product of .the con ; di tiona Under, which it. has thriven, and for that vory reason harmonises' with thom, lt j eWbodies tho'practical instinct of tho penplo,'. r tho net produot of their experience, andi thoir. I feeling Of what Is beat. LTndor such oirciun !' B.tahcès, ¡the maxim that whatever is best is. BÍrictly applicable. In tho moro fact that tho, ppliticat constitution; pf a freo people is what it ia lice'tho -Btrongost proof, that it i3: the. .ilttCBt'.'fpr^their ciroumatauce"., ,.Ji£^rtho bi camferoX^ay flttnn has'had so large a_prjeíerenco 'îh deiftocrrtüc coramunitUsy undar tbe'.guid -aäotf-^f thé': ablest1 p'raoHoal politicians'thoso. communitÎBB can f uinioh, then thero must be a stronger justification,£or.it than ignorant pre- judice and blind imitation. Whoa a logician, reasoning from abstract promises, finds him- self ot iBsno in this- way with the common sense of a score of communities, h*-min profitably retiro into hin study, and reconsider ' either his premisos or hie reasoning! ? Wr. 1'onsTKjt "mentions one fact, which. by itsolf goos a- long: -way to account for the 1 preference for- -a BBOOIMI Chamber. . -He acknowledges tho- practioal-?-deficiency;.".of .the elective system, whether-1 aa- otpplied to . officials . ot . to legislativo position. " Not only aro the fittest men not'comino ni j .elected,, but tho. elcotion ; of tho uaostrmiiit appears, to bo. progressive^,and a gradual dete- rioration of tho standard of qualification ;;s -hopelessly accepted, .on all sides as.a natural and inevitable conseqxicnce.1' If. this üidu^t ment is truo, then it shows, that up "to tho .present limo there is( a. weakness . somewhere, either in domoçracy,,.or in the. method of applying its principios, and that a correctivo of . some sort . is _ in the _ highest degree desirable. That such a corrective exists lo Borao extent in "rt second House JEr. FOUSTER himself ndmiU by .acknowledging I tiic tendency of «itch lloueos to draw to thom Hflves politically superior men, and that es25e'elally where tho' principio of nomination is' applied. 'u So far as it haa been tried In tho construction of UjVper Houses, it 'has lïcçn moro successful, and, at any rate, has not BO signally failed as the principle of popular election, aa nlrcacly shown. ' In -political aptitude, in dobatlng power, in" all "dssential ; attributes and qualifications for the ttf.ôrk bf ' government and legislation, the superiority:^ j nominee Houses in tho colonies-not to sprak J of the House of l^rds-over tito 'elected , branches of the Legislature is universally ncknowlodgcd. 0 « . * Thore . ie o: certain [ olaaa of host mon, or ot any rato-good men, who could never bo popular or attract popular approval in the ilrst instance." V.et,.--whiIo recognising tho. superior capaoity of ^well selected nominated . Upper House,- .he recog- nises also its practical political wcnltnas&y; , -}t docs sot reRt diroqtly .on thc popular, will. Theoretically, of course, " every legally con- stituted body exists not only for the.good, but essentially by tho will of thc people.'1 They uro not arbitrarily or despotically appointed, but by responsible authorities fii trusted with tho duty. The whole of tlio Civil service is constituted in this way^ all the magistrates and nil tho. fudges-at least with us-and their strength is in Ho \vay invalidated by thc modo of their appoint - mont. "Why Bhould a fraction of thc l^gia turc, therefore, be weak dimply because it is nominated ? ' Tho anfiWrr is obvious, vi'/.., because it is the interest froth time to timo of " designing áiid ambitious patriots1' to ihaRc political capital by holding up the Upper Hoase to popular scorn and opprobrium" aa an enomy ot progress ¡md tho people. ' "Wc have seen thin done by mon who were thoiii solvcs responsible for nominating those whom Uley held up to.odium. "Mr. Fojt.-iTtitt thbike that tho diJiicultymight he mitigated) if -not obviotod, by combining tho two By'at'mts ol election nod nomination. He virtually admitE that tho Government is intrinsically .more capable of choosing an Up ocr I iou so t ii an the people aro, and ho. pcopv^t-a to utilise tlùî faculty by causing them to nominate, a.- con- siderable number oC suitable ptM-tumts ami thee let tho people olnct out of that Mimitoo number.- 1 Ic does not say t hat tho pcciplo \v6ulc nocofisnrily elect tho best tm-n'; but thé; would be debarred from chubähig uneditable men. If they did not do thc butt tliiùy, tut?* could not do tho woisL. Thjjir. faculty Coi mischief would be clipped,- and they could not poasiblj-select a'bad Donne, while-ut the same timo-bil tho persons chosen by tho popular Vote would feel that they rostcd on tlir. broad basis of elcctioh, and that no demagogic Pre- mier could snub thom hy abhing, " Who ore you, to date to oppose mo?" There ia sonic merit iu tho. suggestion, but it ÍB qpYi] to - the objection that it .would- .:load ?peoplo lo: curry favour with Ministors to get put nu tho list of nominee's. This j hoe been done ih order tu got into tho Houtfo, and it would bo done in oilier to got on to tho list. . It would, howevor, mitigate .the de- pendence; of .a member on.a Ministor.. \\\'o .have, naen.a J?roiuior publicly remind oe rt oin .senators-:-Mind, ic wns* 1 -who appointed ?you1, and'it isdtehouo'urablo i" you tb I'org'ct (your obligations tq me." A fltmator elected on ,Mr. Fonr/rKlt-'s ¿ys.teni would at leapt b> .able to retort:-(.( lt.is. true that I nm indebted ¡tc yon £qr beiug-pnt.on the list nf iiom'ineiia, but .it woe- the people- who oloctod me,-"-.;. TJie obligation is ono - roma ve, and tho weaker 'tlieifcby. . ?1 '1 - . i Tho now Parliament will opunundpr soxue ! what' novo! circumstances. Wo i haro; -had 'proviouBly- A case in which? Ministers defeated 'at a general election have resigned'ift-tirho i'for tiow Ministers to ho appointed and elected ho toro Parliániertt niel. Wo ,' havb'J1 Also had a . caee iu - which a Ministry, ^hope- lessly beuton at the hustings refused, ;ta announco. ita'resignation till Purliamcnc was formally constituted. Whichever 'of - those courses: is right or -wrong, each is simplo aini uncomplicated. liutnow it is rumoured that wo aro to hare an intermediate situation which is neither ono nor tho othorj and which h'oB solno special perplexities; For reasons not yet explained, tho ? CJovenunent, though intending to resign, bas not resigned. It;is stated that Supply for at least half a month is wanted, aud tliat it "is better to wait and got that than to leavo every Department un- provided for. Supposing this reason to be well based, it is inconsistent with tho défonce put forward for tho dissolution, which w-nfl distinctly that Supply was adequately provided for. IC such provision was not niadc,-then tho dissolution was improvident;' lt. ia alto worth noting that thoro would bot. no diffi- culty if it were not for tho absurd priáctíco of sending now Ministers back to tb«ir -eon Btitucnts for re-election. A now Cabinet could then meet Parliament, and everything go forward according toxuslom. : The Hrst thing after swearing iu tho House li* to choose tho Speaker, and this, offers thc llrst opportunity fora party conúbt. The post is in tho gift of tho majority/ *j nd-iE Mr. STUART wishes to UBO his po\y«r "to reward a friend, it is quito according; to tho . laws ot party warfare for hun tô.do'89- ^ Jrfut what can ho gam by euoh ;,a. cóurVó ?¡;--lJns he a better man on his own Bide tjtnn:jthc lato SpiîAttEn to propose ? And if ho cannot gain; tho House certainly cannot There have, been 6ome occasions on 'which Sir ^VibifiUr . 'ALLKS might, with advantage, hbycc'bccu inore, firm..; . but.. we Smvo Worfii ' ¿fiyiti^s in. Spoaliors degencrato into bullring, fmi^'of \- tho two ovilß too much mildness is bother . ?than too muoh tyranny. ; Cor,tainly, thoriate SPEAKCP always maintained the dignity of Bis position, and very, fewliavo over venturcc tó^híní at his bebjg partial, ^nd no huoh nccn eationr:i£. formulated, would have liad.i chance 'of being sustained. A Parliamen full of new nun will gain ¡rur.atly by placibf itselfvnudor the 'control of a oompoteut ont experienced nirtn... . Afton .thoi ifyoakor is chosen, tjio urçua cfraxso is ljor 'thc llou^o io be summoned t< 1¿M .from'.Uie Cioveruor why Parliament i collett together, and then it will be dui; constituted! ' Rut if Ministra aunouno tÄßir 1 .-resignal/iou boford this ? is. don -still moro if they ask for Suppl; heforp, tU'is U don,e-tf.oy 'will pu everything into., au imomnlous position l^Tiey will . t-icn ha*« po status for putting ; speech, into Ms Excellency's mouth, and th House" ought iKifc-to discuss Supply until Ftu liameut is properly constituted. As matter Stand now. it would bo more o^durly not t make any prematuro auno» nco mont t tho' .Assembly, but to .follow th procodcnt-.'Pi*t by. tho MATUI* Govern mont ia'-' TP7^, ? and allow tho- rcsigtmtio' to\'.:ba jumouueed in tlio vice-regal. ^pcccl After tbat-thu =A^mbly will !>?. iron to nc1 Nothing U b(i gaihod by anticipating thi routine. Certainly it does not guariintpo th rtvoldanco of a' debate, for on the question fl Supply lunder c-uoh circumstances any tb in could bo brought in.' ? Tho.apparent vacillation thero has bee ?wjth regard to tho French policy at Tonqui show^.túo two forces that- aro at wodi i French politic-i. Thoro ivtho pnrty of peac( ¿n'd'th'q pa^tV of glory. Ever since it.-? daiVn by Germany, tho military party has bec longing for-the time when Frauen could rr n>ser¿ itself. Yrt, so.far ns' revengo on .it conqueror ii concerned, tho country h;ia nove hafl.ihb ghost of a chance. The great fot tresses of Metz imil ..Strasburg, wine' have been enormously Mtrcngthened b French, money, her ¿ho. road' to til Rhine1; and tho careful diplomacy of. Bis alARCk hos loft France without llghtin, allies mid "kript Oormany .sui",.'. Pont up i this way tho rr^tles^ clement, in France» seek an outlot abroad, and thc great German <iiph matifit is willi content to .-.co the cowntr; expend its rturpluK energies h arm 1er-* ly o¡ distant shorer, lïut for thu very sanie rca*or : those Frenchmen who wish * to thoi country nttr¿o itu resources and keep wei ' within itself, look upon ihosb expeditions a fatal misUkos. They involve eonsiderubl expense, bring hage responsibilities, an scatter the military and naval forces of th country. Vet it cannot bo denied that tho:> annexations arc popular. There never was , timo iu tho histor}" of Franco when th ' acquisition of territory was not poi)ular. 51 fruits oneosDid of NÀI'OM:O>% " I "would foi give him. ovci vUiiug if ho would mata . th lihiiic tho boundary of Franrf." The acini sition of Tunis han not really added anyth'tn; to tho matwial groatn<v«s ni France, whil diptomnticaliy it has WM kened it; jct n Aliiiiatry could a'ù'ord. to surrender thc acquit tion. Just now, Tunis buing disposed of, Frond ambition is looking towards Touquin am Madagascar, and iii epito 01 various protnst and cheeks, it will doubtless in time aceom plisU itsolf, because it is not worth nu; çôuatry's whilo to resist by force thesi annexations, If expeditions of this kine 1 aervo-'-M e enfety Valve f,¡r tho militari ambition of Franco, thoy may have the gooi oiïçct of., promoting tho p-.-acc of-Kurojiq l*crfia ps'these movements have been to"som< extent stimulated by tho lota of Frcncl prestige in Egypt. . Something must bo dom to. compensate n proud and sensitive people Io every jov'cxo, and as'military supremacy ii 35gypfc has clearly passed to tho British lUg, i will bo some' compensation to hoi»t thc tri colour oa tho northern w«lo: Madagascar áp,< 3»;tho-0ulf ol' Touquin. That this oxtenrfoj of French' colonisation ia mc inly a> matter o jpridoandpcntinirut, seem» tv ho cloaxly showt "bv: the faot that the population pf Franoi 'SWelf is not facrqtMingr. "Wh- jrovor populattoi ; has been pressing-ou tho menu* of wibiiUteuco there -ha« always hftcn mi overflow, peaced; or otherwise. Hut that ts not tho case a presort 'in France TJioro is no posion fo; colonisation among tho j)i*oplo, and thew is n( ohgeedemand forjtuoutlet for Lheyonnu-.folki ?who can .Hud nothing to do in their uatiri land. TheexleiiMion of French dominion doe! 2iot"aritio from, an oxtenpion of French pópu Satt^ñ," .09 ifram U10 inability of, thc niotho: .country-, to'mnintain'its growing families.' Tl ra/ ah (extension duo to ambition, and for thal Tça^c^i 'more likely to provo weuUoniug tliar ätrofagdicriing. ' ' " .._ "jffr^T.'S: Dr: Cns.\nr comes, to us from Mnlb ' with un ñíirrtfgrftfción «cliomû-^not--a. achomo foi populating Australia, but for ca.sinfT.51nltaof hor sur plus^Qjral.itlon;'.Tho little island is gcttitig.tooipllj thc peorifc'mle'croivdirig-c.-ich-other'; shrt-thcre aro manyTtho, {hough' indtwtno.usly p.nd thriftily dis pioú'/Wi^hMrí find nláins' to lire: -'fire French ^colony of Algiers Iww- liitlmrto afforded ~ari potlop'i: fiar: tflio Maltese, though of alien blood, feer/thc,'lhQiiâ of ..thuir. citizenship in tho British Emph-o, and naturally look to tho colonies of the Empire' a's 'llib*'proper'field for emigration. \\\'o do not knoiv of any special rccomnicndation thc afalicaa mayJjaKO..; 4hoy..irjAy, popsibly.bocon)o good colonists, but thcrc is 110 particular assuranco that their homo,, training would bo calculated to make them'a suitablo clr-ja for Australian work. Still, ir'hïmôstahd industrious, they might üt into tomo of our many 'uufilícd iiichw, and, on th'ftt' - exiïcetation should -ho ?--cncAur.i«cd rather than-roptîUed; can. alford to bo liberal in thc matter,-imd ehioíly because the possibility of danger is BO small, "If thu v.-holo population of! 3ífllta migrated, they-could not seriously affect our; ultimate development; thcyaro less than a hundred and fifty thousand all told, and aro huddled together upon an island of ll» square-miles, a territory con jtidorably less' in ux'tcht tlnmnany Australian frco liold runs. Such & diminutivo country nu'ghtalmost ompty itself into our continent without causing jorioui inconvenience,.and ita surplus may surely bo accepted 'without protest, provided always that it is asurplo» of respectability: 5fr." Dr CcfAP.B' may send his people liuro, and doubtless^we-filudl ! 7^dbVtD>fbi-Mo tho<:iwith mcann of livingcithor in tilling land for tlicmselvna, or in sidinf; us with ?thc too much work that perpetually cumbers or oppresses us", but lio indsfc send .tisdecent folk, not tho inmates of the prisons or tho waif« of tho etrcctB, Wo shall not objuct t-» 'porerty ir p-overty willfac^'liolnwt.rihourof any kimi, but wo must have no immigrants tainted with carno, or bred to n beggar lifo .aboufr-tho island town. The non- Archbishop of CAsTF.r.odri?' ia'fi man 0f>-' hi*tiin;-'áhd culture. Ilo has, to», all thc courage which coima, of a steadfast belief in the iOhnxch of England/ In U10 old ark thcro-may ito traitors and AW* Wear tiki friomis ; ho.is noithor,; and lias no foar -of them.. Ii)'* sennón preached before tho Church Oonprev* at Derby ho jidicuJes tho fears of pcrspus.who liney, that tttotitilivfBhl is3dccrepSd, , end. that, thw 1« .tho. , hour of her.opemias!...triumph, He Morned t6'^^«Vúú"o^ÍD>cmie»with«ti0óf «>o ' enemies who aro without. Ho docs not doubt tho reality of such nd Jewries, but ho absolutely denied the nmtjnitudo of tho supposed pcriL He 1 pays, " A unily increasing of-strength to tho Church ¡ is. tho rompvtiVfrom her-of-insincere .Christians. '. Thp'XTKurch's strength doss not vary os tjho'u'um:. ' bfir b£,its,adhocouts but as, thc- reality, of thtir CPU- ' VWMOHV- This will do oven for an ntenoishop. We hnvo'coinc to oatimate tile success of- all movo mcntïso oulirely by nuuibun*, that it ¡a refreshing.) to'ijujd.'á mut ylio suysj'^îîb; 'not'numbers, b"utj stirmig convictions,1'. ? ùiven Unit such a nina hú a' right, cau6ol ho is-sur o to bo a. strong mau. Tho. arehiopiscooal ;ofHc© will have a man who will fill it, though not oxft-eely. in tho «ámtf ' way that Dr. : LOK ULEY, :llr. TAIT, and otb ors' lava'-ulled it. Dr. P.BXSOS' will bo strong! in his-convictions nc tho Church's strength and. right tu teach and-rule. ? Whilst admitting that W-foty, not proems,'must at times ho tho.) motto,ovcii bf Churches, plainly ho feels that tho I pre-cut is, nob-just th« timo for mero ficlf- dafenco.. i Ho Mys-,i( Without.ovor-conudonce it scorns as ii 1 the -mero historical observer* must infer from the phénoluj;n'i\ óf thu'present trnt avumios of widen- ing, -inajfttiiucnco aro -oneuing out into tho futuro | ?on ordrvr aide for tho.Uhixrohs forças, and that these aró cuthering stvimgth." -This was said in 'view of ' tho growing intrrnat which -laymen fa^o.lu. Clvurcli ' affairs, and ' of tho acknow îcduinont th'-it theto¡ is a placo for thom .for Y,-I;..r.i in the prwt- thew wits no pince in tho Cbuich hiirhef thitn those of warden, janitor, and pàiîshtfbrk. TtiwouUVWok-Mif this sermon wi« preached in view ;£ the posible accession of tho prrrohcr to; the. ot Cn.utorh.ury ; ov that tho sermon li;wl some iuiluonco in .determining - tho appointment.'' Englishmen ot :;U-namM mnjTOrot tho ú&s;úc'ot- tho . tate prelate, and they will bc correspondingly concerned to sou tho ? pastoril crook in the litmus bf \\\ mnn wno-witt nmthcr e;it thc flock himself'iie-r readily allow other* to do so ; but who wilL'iu thp.truc spirit of.tho times conservo oil vital in'tcicstfl, and .-Wow io other good mon tho ri^ht and freedom which he so strongly insists upon for himself. ? ? ? _ ; 