THE TAMING OF THE SHREW. OrrosiTE a Boston Herald man, abatable in a Cornhill restaurant, at dinner recently, Bat a man from Cambridge, who was a native of New Hampshire. Meeting an old acquaintance, the conversation eoon turned on family topics, and the pair began to talk about their former neigh bours ju a most familiar way. , " Yes," remarked the Cambridge gentleman, y Fain, was in many respects different from the r^st . of tho hoys. You remember who lie married? Well,-when the old inun, his father, found that ho was shinin1 round with her, lie called him one day in the barn, and gfaidt4 c am, d'ye intend to marry Bcekie?' Sam never said a word, and the old man said: 'Me boy, ye know all about them. Ican'ttfll 50 nothiu'. To know how the sisters Ins turned out, and not one of them is now living wi»h their hus bands/ Sam was mum as a pantomime, and just as soon as he was roady, him and Beckic got tied. . They lived on a farm, and everything went on smooth for about a year, and it come to hog-butcherin'time. Sam got all ready to | have 1 lie usual party for the occasion, and just n3 he was sliarpenin' up the knives Bookie camo out, and said: 'Fam, I'm goin' home/ Sam protested in his quic4 way, but it was no use; so he said he'd get.a 111 in to row her across the pond. 31 was about a half a mile over. She said: 'No, ye won't: ye'llrowmeovcryerself 1' Sam told her lie couldn't, and Bcckie iircd up' and said: 'Then I'll drown meself V. Sam said he'd go with her if she wanted to do that; so the boat was got ready, she got in, and they rowed out till the water was twenty feet deep, then Sam slopped, and said: 'Well, Beckie, This is a good place for ye to drown yerselt/ She didn't open her mouth. . He waited awhile, and then saidCome, Beckie, I'm in a hurry to git back/ 8ho never looked up. Sim put down the oars, caught hold of her, and pitched ; her in. She grabbed for the boat, bub he wouldn't let her get near i*. When she was almost done out, she said: 1 Sam, let me in that boat, and ye'll not hear anything more from mo out 0* the "why/ So he pulled her in, and they went back home. She changed hor clothes&nd; entertained the guest*. They're now nearly eighty, and you never saw a happier old couple —did you? I don't think they ever spoke of that duekin'since tho day she wasgoin* to drown herself." A- Striking subject: The hammer. Go to the skylark for high-flown ideas. Boarding schools should hot be miss Why, gentle reader, do we always find 17 in trouble? ... Ir. • '• Partnbbs in tho butcher business are a joint concorn. ' ,y. Man wants but little here below, and he gets about that much. ' •*' y : What wo are at liome is a pretty sure test of what we really arc.. . An extraoultnary thing in ladies' bonnets : An unpowdcred face. Wnx'is ipraisirig children like 'opium ? Be cause it is laudanum (laudtn'-'em). A person who has all sorts of knowledge at his finger ends: A deaf and dumb man. What is tbat which every man can divide, but' no mao: can see where it is divided?. Wator. , What d es a husband's promise about giving up tobacco generally end in? Why, in smoke.*;', • Thebr is no special style of engraving for engagement rings. A spider's web with a fly in it is a very pretty device. ' Never swear before ladies.' says a preacher. What are wo to do ? ; Wait until tuo ladies swear first, and then swear after them ? . An early reply solicited. . 4 At what age were you married ?' asked she inquisitively. But the other woman was equal to the emergency, aiul quietly responded, 1 At the parsonugc/ ;A merchant lately received n package labelled 'One box Tomcats/ Ho was nt first | disinclined to open it, but subsequently dis covered the inscription meant 4 Cue box of tomato catsup/ A CONCJITED fellow, introducing lus friend , in company, said, 1 Gentlemen, I assure you he | is not such a great fool ns he looks.' The gen- j tlcumn immediately replied, "1 herein consists I Ibo difference between mo and my friond/ I A well-known iraidon lady in the south of I Ireland left, nt her decease, the following note ' of alarm and warning to her descendants - Don't bo like Nancy Pastor, Who refused n man before ho nxM hr r. It Depended.— V professor of French in n country school recently i^ked a pupil what was the gender of 'academy/ The unusually bright pupil responded that it depended on whether it was a male or female academy. Doctor : * Well, Put, have you taken tho box of pills I sent you ?' Pat: ' Yes, sir, bejabers, I have ! but I don't feel any better yet; maybe tho lid hasn't como off vet!' A gentleman having lost a gold watch, told a friend that the case wns in the lmiuls of a detective. 'No doubt/ replies tho friend ; 'and the chances are that tho works ure in tho detective's hand as well as the case/ A Nevada newspaperaays that, in thonbscnco of all lite editors of this journal, the publisher has succeeded in securing tho services of a gentleman to edit this nambor. , Two Irishmen were lamenting the illness of a friend who had been much brought down of late. Its dreadful wake he is, and thin, suro j he a as tlnn as the pairof us put together V one of tho sympathisers observed, 4 How old^ are you ?' said v. magistrate to a German arraigned, before him. h am dirty/ And how dd is your wife?1 'Mine wife is dirty too. _ Then, sir, you are a very filthy couple, and 1 wish to have nothing further to do with either of you.' i Chinese no relics are more valu able than the boots that liave been worn by a magistrate. If he reaiges and leaves the city, a crowd accompanies him from his residence to tho gates, where his boots are drawn off with great ceremony, to be preserved in the hall of justice. 1 A max started in the live:y business lately, ana the first thing he did was to have a big eign painted, representing himself holdinga mule by the bridle. ' Is that a good likeness of me?' he asked of an admiring friend. * Yes, it is a perfect picture of you; but who is the fellow holding you by the bridle ? ' A curious canoe adventure i9 reported from Frankfort. Some members of the boat club in that city resolved to row to Mayence by night. They started at 12 o'clock, and pulled away vigorously all night, enjoying the trip exceed • ingly. At sunrise it was discovered, to their great chagrin, that the anchor had not been weighed, and that they had remained at the suae spot whero they hud taken leave of their friends, by whom they are now known as tho explorers. A STuriD-LOOEixo recruit halted before a blacksmith's shop, the proprietor of which wa6 forging a shoe, and eyed the performance with much interest. The brawny smijh, dissatisfied with the man's curiosity, held the red-hot iron suddenly under his nose, hoping to make him | beat- a hasty retreat. * If you'll give me half a*crown I'll lick it,' said the soldier. The smith . took from his pocket a half-crown, and held it' out. The cunning son of Mars took the coio, licked it, and walked away, whistling 'The girl I left behind me.' Tiie following story is told of an English man, who thought be had learned Italian, and gave his orders in that language in an hotel in Florence. With a majestic wavo of the hand, he cried out in Italian, 4 Waiter I' 4 Si (yes), signor' Still speaking in the same tongue, ho said,4 Bring me some roast beef' 4 Si, signor.' 4 And some vegetables.' 4 Si, signor.' * And a bottle of red wine.' 4 Fi, signor' ,4 That's all.' 4 Si, signor.' 4 Well, why don't you get them' said the man, still speaking, &3 he thought, i choice Italian. \ * Sir, I spik no English—n understand tou.' A • rooB Turkish slater, of Constantinople, being at work upon the roof of a house, lost his footing and fell into the narrow street upon a man. The pedestrian was killed by the concus sion, while the slater escaped without material injury. A son of the deceased caused the slater to be arrested. The cadi listened atten tively, and in the end asked the slater what be had to say in his defence. 'Dispenser of Jus tice,'answered the accused, * it is even as this man says j but God forbid that there should be evil in my heart. I am a poor man, and know not how to moke amends.' The son of the man who had been killed thereupon demanded that condign punishment should be intlicted upon the accused. The cadi meditated a few moments, and finally said, 4 It shall be so.' Then to the slater he said, * Thou ehalt stand in the street where the father of this young man stood when thou didst fall oa him.'* And to the accuser he added, 4lhou shalt, if it pleases thee, go up on the roof, and fall upon the culprit, even as he fell upon thy father. Allah be praised! * Tite following etrango story bas been well authenticated: -During the assizes at Exeter, Sir James Dyce, Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, presided at a trial for murder. The evidence left no doubt of the guilt of the man in the dock. To the great surprise of the judge and the public the jury acquitted the man. So utterly wrong appeared the verdict, that it is said the judge called the foreman of the jury to his privato room to ask him on what grounds they had discharged the prisoner. The foreman said: 41 am going to tell you something which I wish you not to reveal for three days.' Tho judge assented to this 4 Well, sir,' continued the foreman, 41 am tbo men who committed the murder. It was not the ■win who was tried this morniog. From know ing all the circumstances of the case, I pointed out to the jury various discrepancies in the evidence, and got them to bring in a verdict of not guilty. To-morrow I leave for America, but mike this confession to you in case any body olse should be charged with this murder.' He was not heard of again. It is sa;d by some that tho real murderer got himself placed on the jury purposely to acquit the man charged with h s crime. A Stobt op Four Flies.—There were once four ilies, and, as it happenod, they were hun gry one morning. The first settled upon a sausage of singularly appetising appearance, and mudoa hearty meal. But ho speedily died of intestinal inilamnuition, for the sausage was adulterated with aniline. Tho second fly break fasted upon flour, and forthwith succumbed to contraction of the stomach, owing to the in ordinate quantity of alum with which the flour ; had been adulterated. Tho third fly was slaking his thirst with tho contents of the milk jug, when violent cramps suddenly convulsed his frame, and ho soon gave up the ghost, a victim to chalk adulteration. Seeing this, tho fourth fly, muttoring to himself, 4The sooner it's over tho sooner to sleep,' alighted upon a moistened sheet of paper cxliibiting tho counterfeit pro sentiment of a death's head, and tho inscrip tion, ''jlyToison.' Applying tho tip of his proboscis to this device, tho fourth fly drank to iris heart's content, growiog more vigorous and cho^rful at every mouthful, though expectant of his end. But lie did not die. .On tho con trary, ho throve and waxed fat. You see, oven llto fly poison was adulterated 