THE LONG-RANGED ROARER. ABOUT the year 1851 tlic most influential man 111 San Antonio was an alleged des perado named Bob Augustine. Bob came to San Antonio with a fearful record. He enjoyed tlio reputation of having killed a dozen or so of men, and was respected ac cordingly. While ho was in ban Antonio ho did not reduce the census at all, but that was not his fault, lie had a seductive way of drawing his eighteen-incli Arkansas toothpick, and oxamining it critically with a sinister smile, while humbly requesting the temporary loan of Cdol. Thus it was that Bob went about acquiring wealth and wai'm personal friends, but creating no funerals. There were rumours that Bob was playing bluft, but that was after he had marched away. It was during the reign of Bob Augustine, " the long-ranged Roarer of the Calaveras Canon," as ho familiarly called himself, that a young man from Boston named John Winthrop, came to San Antonio, presumably in search of health, as he brought very little with him. Ho was far gone in consumption, and nothing but the fact that he had a short time to live, unless the climate at Wostern Texas saved him, induced him to come to San Antonio. As everybody carried a pistol, Winthrop did not care to insult public decency by going unarmed.^ Besides, such a course might as seriously interfere with his restoration to health' as putting on a clean Hi's Puritan training causod him to revolt at the idea of carrying firearms, as lie re sorted. He wore a holster, but instead of of keeping a pistol in it, lie had his . cash stored away in it, and nobody was the wisei for it. On the contrary, Wmtlirop was looked up to by the best citizens just the same as if ho was loaded down with deadly weapons. Of course everybody tried to make the stranger from Massachusetts xeol as comfortable as if ho was at home ; so he was told all about Bob Augustine, the long ranged Roarer, at least ten times a day, and ho was advised not to bo particular in asking security irom tlio debt in case the Roarer wan tod to borrow a small loan, un less ho, Winthrop, did not wish to regain his health. As might have boon oxpected, tlio long ranged Roarer called on Winthrop to collocb his usual assessments on strangers. mtn-. rop was of tlio opinion that if it would save his lifo and loso all his money ho would be doing unusually well. The long-rauged Roarer's idoa was to chaso the blue-bellied Yankee around the room for a tune or so, collect 5 dol. or 10 dol., and perhaps make 'some ear-marks, a la Whittakor, so lie would know him' in a crowd if lio should meet Inm °Tho long-rauged Roarer sauntered into Winthrop's room at the hotel, but before tlio desperado could open his mouth or draw a weapon tlio unfortunate. Yankee throw back his coat, and with trombling fingers tugged nt his pistol holster to get at his money to appeaso the would-bo assassin. On tlio othor hand, as soon as the Roarer saw Winthrop trying to got out his pistol he turned as white as a ghost, llio alleged desperado's knees knocked together, the cold sweat boiled out all ovor him, and he ox-tended his hand and said, trembling . ' Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee ! I was only trying to fool you. v M^bo^A1'^1130-^^ heart beat's for you,' ifl^b<?y.' Imp wanted to tench you a lesson. Never let any darned galloot get tlio drop on you. If a^ody insults you, jpst tell tliom that Bob Au0us : tine,'the Roarer, is your friend. ; . Winthrop, who was'more scared, it possi ble, than the Roarer, replied: '0, I'll give you what you want, and kept on tugging at,the holster, which came un tUWith a yoll of dismay the despbrado passed out through the window, carrying oil the sash, and ran down: Commodore-street, the principal thoroughfare, with the sash on his liock, howling, ' Polico, police I closely pur suod bv Winthrop, who kept on tugging at holstor, trying to got out las money, lie believing that tlio desperado was running to. his room to procure a shotgun with which to commit murder. All that afternoon Winthrop kept on hunting the . Roarer to purchase poaco on any torms, and the Roarer had liimsolf to avoid the Pistolof the Boston man. Noxt morning the l°n0-ianjed Roarer of tho Calaveras Canon was T13S1"8 and Winthrop was the lion of tlio clay foi having run off the terror of the Alamo City. 