CHAPTER H. AT THE COTTAGE. Joan came back in a quarter of an- hour with a bat; in one hand and a bundle in another. Beuben Darenth followed her with a can of milk in hia hand, hie at least did not disapprove of her going. When Geoffrey dropped a word, half of astonishment, half of dissatisfaction, the old farmer shook his head rebukinglv. " Neighbours must be neighbourly," he said. " Joan's set her heart on going. "It's the right thing to do, said Joan, with a clear, bright look upon her brown, handsome face, as if she had just seen the way out of'a difficulty. Are \ou going to walk up with me, Luke? You may come as far as the garden gate. Good-by, father." And then she kissed him on both cheeks. " Martha will attend to the dairy till I come back again." " I must be getting home," said the doctor. "Now, Joan, listen to me." He drew her aside, and gave her a few Bhort directions, to which she listened respectfully. " And don't tell them that it's God's will that they should all take the fever," he concluded. Then to Geoffrey, "Are you coming my way?" " No," said Geoffrey. ' I shall walk up the road with Luke, I think." " With Luke and Joan ? All right. Take care of yourself. Shall I tell your father I've seen you ?" " Certainly," Geoffrey answered with the cool haughtiness which was natural to him when he was annoyed. " He will probably be very grateful to yon for the information. Then he turned to Joan, and walked away from the doctor, who threw a laughing fare well behind him as the white horse trotted down the lane. " Joan," Geoffrey seized the opportunity of saying in her ear. "You have not let me speak to you yet. " It is too late," she answered promptly. " You must not come near me while I am at the cottage. I shall see no one." " For how long ?" " Six weeks, I should think." " Joan, I don't know whether you are more cruel or more absurd." And then Luke stepped between them. But Geoffrey fonnd a moment in which to say with more insistance— '' I must speak to you to-night or to-morrow . morning. I shall wait." No answer was possible. The cottage to which they were going was situated three-quarters of a mile distant from the Darenths' farm. It stood apart from the village, and although other dwellings were really within a stone's throw, there were none in sight. A turn in the road and a few feet of rising ground on either side the road effectually screened it from all observa tion. In front there was a small garden with a tangled hedge and green gate. The place was oppressively shut in. A stagnant pool at one corner of the garden, beneath an over hanging willow-tree, accounted perhaps for its proverbial unhealthiness. On ordinary occasions the house and garden presented a very quiet and secluded appear ance. It wonld nave been easy to imagine that this roadside cottage was far removed from any other human habitation, It was the loneliest dwelling- place in the village of Cfaarnwood. But on this especial evening, when Joan and Captain Van borough and Luke reached the litue green gate, the garden was overrun with visitors. Several children were playing in the road, a man was smoking his pipe at the gate, three women loitered on the path, and voioes issued from the interior of the honae. "Arethey mad?" said Geoffrey, in a low tone, as he advanced. Joan, to whom he had spoken, looked at him for a moment, uncomprehendingly; then a new and startled light came into her eyes. "Is it so bad as that?" Bhe murmured, lowly. " What's wrong?" Luke asked of one of the women, as the three paused at the garden gate. " Eh, poor soul, the little boy'B just dead; and the baby's been in a fit," was the answer, while other women pressed near to add their testimony to the tale. "Mary Spence is just beginning of the fever herself, and her husband's tit to go out of his mind about the little boy." " Yes," said another, in mysterious tones, "but you know that Howden. the under taker, said there was sure to be another death in the house afore long, when he measured Janey Spence last spring." " Why?" said Geoffrey, who was still wait ing at the gate with Luke. The woman turned and curtsied. She had not noticed him before. "The body was so limp, Sir. When it don't stiffen there's sure to be another death in the same house afore the year runs out." "And more," said the first speaker, "the clock struck while we was singing the hymn i' church o' Sunday morning; a sure sign o' death, as everybody knows." Geoffrey smiled a little at these local superstitions, very common in that part of the country, but made no remark. Joan had entered the house, whither he would have followed her if he could have done any good, and if she would have allowed him to do so; but she had so decidedly shut the gate upon him that he had not ventured to open it. He could see her for a few minutes inside the cottage, talkingwith some of the women who occupied it. Presently she came out and stood on the doorstep. "Neighbours," she said, so clearly that her wcrds were heard by every person present, " you would be doing a kindness if you would all go home directly." The scene was impressed upon Geoffrey Vanborough's memory for many a long year. By this time the sun had Bunk below the horizon, and though the western sky was still golden with its light, a peculiar hush, as of coming night, had settled down upon the lonely road. Tne cottage, shadowed by the rising ground behind it, looked dark and cheerless; the groups of visitors in the garden bad been suddenly silenced at the sound of Joan's voice. She herself was the most distinct figure of all, for, as Bhe stood in the doorway, her height and state liness were accentuated by the background of red-brick wall against which she leaned; and her strongly marked, handsome face seemed in its unusual whiteness to have caught a gleam of light from the dying day. Every one waited, thinking she had no more to say; but she was silent still. And then a woman began to grumble. " We ain't doing no harm. I ain't a-going home till I know bow the baby does, no more ain't any of us unless we choose." " The baby is better," said Joan, firmly. "You can do no good to Mary Spence by stopping here ; and you're only putting your selves in danger. Doctor Ambrose's orders are that nobody should enter this house but those whose business it is to nurse the sick. That is my business now. I'm going to nurse Mary Spence, and you are all going home." "You wasn't always so ready to take the doctor's orders, Joan Darenth," said a voice from the garden. " If I was an ignorant fool," said Joan, with one of her sudden outbreaks into sharp ness, " is that any reason why I should be one all my life ?" Then her voice softened into passionate tenderness. "Dear friends and neighbours, if I've ever been of any use to yon—and there's not one of you with whom I wouldn't be ready to share my last crust and my last shilling, and not one of you, too, that wouldn't be ready to do me a friendly turn if the time came for me to want it—do, for God's sake, have mercy on yourselves and your children, as well as on the poor folks inside who want to be left alone with their dead, and go quietly away to your homes, for you put your own flesh and blood in danger by coming here, where the very air may be full of death for aught I know. The doctor is a wise man, and it would be well if we did as be bade ns." There was a silence and then a murmur. " The doctor's a hard man," said a woman's voice. " He tells some of us it's our fault when God takes our children'" " And it is your own fault," said Joan, with a fury of scorn and impatience in her voice. "It is your own fault when you bring the children into danger, and won't trouble to drag them out of it. Go, I say, this moment! Have you no sense, no decency, no fear even? Walk out of the gate every one of you, and don't come back. Luke, open the gate." Luke Darenth did as he was told. With a swift, imperious gesture of her right hand Joan dismissed the company. Not one re plied or resisted. Cowed by her tones the women slunk away towards the village, hold ing the children by the hands. Out of sight they grumbled and reviled her, called her foul names—for some of them were women of the baser sort—and declared that they would not now lift a finger to help her were she begging at tbeir door. Joan Darenth was unpopular at Charnwood from that night. When all were gone but Geoffrey and Luke Joan came down from the steps as from a pedestal, her arms hanging wearily by her side. " Was I too angry with them ?" she said, with her eyes full of tears. " Poor souls ! I should not be so angry if I did not love them so much ! But what are you two doiug here ? Give me my hag and bundle and make haste away; you have not so much right here as the village women. Thank you, Luke; thank you, Sir, and good-bye." "Joan !" Captain Vanborough called after her; but she was gone. He turned upon Luke almost savagely. "Why can't you atop her? Why do you let her go into that infected hole ?" Luke stared, looked up and down as if searching for an answer in earth and sky, and finding none. At length he said, rue fully enough— " It do seem as though she fonnd it to be I her dooty." And with this answer he was satisfied if Geoffrey was not. Joan went into the cottage and shut the door. There were many things to be done, but she was ready for her worn. The pretty little boy of five years old had died not half an bonr ago, after a few hours' illness only, of the most malignant form of scarlet fever, and ber first task was to lay the child auietly out of its mother's sight, then to straighten the cold limbs and cover the childish face. Scarcely any qualm of natural fear disturbed Joan at her work. She was already uBed to the sight of death. The sick and the dying at Charnwood always sent for Joan. The baby was sleeping quietly, the father was soothed into lying down upon a low truckle bed, while Joan attended to the mother. Mrs. Spence was in a stupid, half conscious state. As Dr. Ambrose bad said, it was likely that hers would be a bad case. There was another child living—a little girl about nine, wbo seemed so far to be perfetly welL Through the silent hours of night Joan watched and waited by theaick woman's bed. Sometimes the baby woke and had to be fed and hushed to s'eep; sometimes the patient uttered incoherent words, and hoarse, de liiious cries. When these were silent the bouse was still as death, and the hours Eeemed long. At last a sleepy bird chirped outBide the window. He was answered at a short inter' val by another. Then a third woke up. twittered a little, and was silent, and twittered again. Then there was a pause, and in the distance a cock orew. This seemed to be the signal for a sudden outburst of vocal life. The martens in the eaves, the thrushes in the garden, the blackbird that bad built his nest within the willow-stump, all broke out into melodious song. Joan heard the starlings flutter and tweet to them selves in the chimney; two wood pigeons cooed together upon the roof. Drawing aside the curtain she saw the indescribable change that precedes the dawn of day passing over the greyness of the sky, and presently a flash of rose-colour I floated up from the east to west and north and south. Little by little it deepened into crimson, and the light of day grew clearer, itill all the sky was suSnsed with a golden glow. It was fonr o'clock in the morning of a brilliant summer day. John Spence stole timidly into the room, and begged to be allowed to sit betide his wife awhile. Joan granted his request—it was impossible now" to guard him from the danger of infection, rather he must share with her the labour of nursing his wife, and per haps his child. Sit quiet, then," she said, soothingly, "while I go downstairs and look after the Are and make some tea. If baby cries, or if Mary wants me and I do not hear, you must call me." She left him and went into the kitchen. There it occurred to her that the water used for drinking purposes had all to be fetched from a stream a few yards distance from the house. She would take a pail and get some before any of the village folks were likely to be up. And thus she would also get a breath of fresh air, for which she had pined in vain in the stuffy little bedroom of the Spences' cottage. She turned to the right as she left the garden gate, and made her way up the road for a few yards. Here she gained a sharp curve, where, from a continuation of the ridge that overshadowed the Spences' cottage, a little stream fell fresh and clear into a natural basin, which it filled, and thence trickled away down the hill and was loBt in the sandier soil below. From the side of this tiny waterfall she had a view of wide fields and park land, which lay below her like a map in the light of the rising sun. The village in the hollow behind the ridge was completely out of sight, and in the gently-curving plain below one building only could be seen—one rising from amidst a group of fir-trees, with the gleam of water at its foot—one that Joan Darent'u knew well and had reverenced from her childhood, for it was Geoffrey Vanborough's home. She looked at it with the firm setting of | her lips which with her told of some repres sion of emotion. She had filled her pail with water, and held it in her strong right hand; her left was poised lightly upon her hips. Her hair had become partially loosened, and fell in a rich dark stream below her waist; her face wob grave, and it betrayed very little weariness, in spite of her night of watching. She turned at last to go, but was suddenly confronted by the figure of a man, who J seemed to have started out of the earth at | her very feet. It was Captain Vanboroueh himself. She recoiled as if she had seen a ghost. " Don't come near me," she said. " Row wicked it is of you to expose yourself to 1 danger in this way! Don't you know where I have spent the night ?" " I know," he answered, quietly. "And I have lain here or watched your window ever since I left the cottage gate. I told you I must get speech of you before I wert away." She did not pause to reply. Avoiding him, she walked Bwiftly and steadily down the road, with a look of displeasure upon her noble face which he was quick to note. "You think I am a fool, Joan. Well, suppose I am, at least you can answer the fool according to his folly. Can you never understand that your coldness, your carelesB neES, is driving me mad? Why should you be so hard on me, and why should you trifle with me ? I will not say that I must have an answer; but I beg of you. I entreat of you, to give me one." His usual gentle indifference of manner had entirely left him. His face was pale beneath its shadowing brown hair, his eyes had a worn expression. Passion and unrest had told upon him more than toil and watching upon her. She walked on quickly. Her face was rigidly severe. " I have been sitting all night with the dying and the dead," Bhe responded. " You maybe sure I shall not trifle with you now. 1 never have trifled with you, I have given you an answer half a dozen times. You could not have chosen a more unfit moment than this for speaking to me. Ho, don't touch me, don't come nearer. Do me this one great kindness, Sir—go away, for pity's sake, and let me never see your face again." They had reached the cottage. She entered the garden and closed the gate upon him, then caught sight of his face, and perhaps for a moment relented. "Don't look like that," she said, suddenly turning as pale as Geoffrey himself, "don't try to make me think 1 am hurting you. Oh, I how wrong it is of me to talk to you here at j all. But, at any rate, you cannot believe I would trifle witn you now. You know that | I am speaking in solemn earnest when 1 ask you to go—to let me alone—never, never to speak to me again." " But I cannot go," said Geoffrey insis tently. "I will not go without another word, although I do not know how to tell yon half of what I feel. Ho woman has ever : been to me what you could be. I should be i so much a better man, Joan—and surely that will weigh with you—if you would but be my wife." " You are wrong; yon would be no better," she said, abruptly. " No ; I am not a fit wife for you. You are a gentle man ; I am not a lady." " You are the grandest woman I have ever known," said Geoffrey, looking straight into her eyes, "and therefore you ought to be above giving me so paltry a reason." She changed colour. The shaft had gone home. "It is a paltry reason," she said, dropping her eyelids, " and it is not the true one." Involnntarlv he drew nearer the gate, but she stepped back and shook her head. "It is not,' she said, "just because you are of | gentle blood and I am not—not because your father and your brother aqd Miss Clarice would look down on me—not be cause all the world would be against us ; but because I could not bear to lie the wife of a man whom I did not think the best and wisest manjalive. I have beard of your life, and I think Ithe very ea e and comfort—the -waste of it all—would kill me." " Is that all ?" said Geoffrey. " Don't you know that I would order my life as you bade me ? For your sake I could do anything." "That iB not alL I might be killed and not grumble. But I should not satisfy you; I should make you unhappy, and you—you would tire of me." " Tire of you ?' Does one tire of sunlight ? Joan, these reasons of yours are flimsy things. Can yon not love me, dear, in spite of tnem all? Speak the truth, and I will abide by it." She looked at him steadfastly. "You will abide by it, will yon ?" she said, in a very low voice. "I am glad of that. Well; then, listen. Geoffrey Vanborough, I do not love you, and I will not be your wife." "Joan—is that the truth ?" he cried. She gave him a strange look. There was desperation in her eyes. " It is so true," she said, " that, if you will not take this answer once for all—if ever you come near me again—I shall be forced to leave my father's house and earn my living among strangers as a servant. Do you wish to drive me to that ?" A red flush had mounted to his forehead. "No."he said vehemently, "not for the world." Then he spoke n a gentler tone. "Pardon me, Joan, I did not understand before. I will notjtrouble yon again." He raised his hat with ceremonious respect, and turned away. She had gained her point at last. He stood for one moment on the road, as if to collect his scattered thoughts. Then he took the way to Charnwood, and never once looked back. He bad got his dismissal, and he took it like a man. As for Joan, she carried her pail of water into the house, and set it dawn with a weary sigh. " It's done now,'' she said aloud. But her throat began to throb and swell so pain fully that Bhe was forced to tear with both hands at the neck of her gown to relieve her self from the sensation of choking. Her lips and cheeks turned white with the effort she made to strangle the passionate sobs with which for a minute or two her bosom heaved. Her eyes swam with burning tears. " Not love you ?" she murmnred to her self. " Oh, my darling, my darling, as if 1 would not give my life for yours ! God forgive me for the lie that I have told !" A faint cry from the upper room restored her to herself. The baby was awake. And for the rest of the day she had no leisure to brood upon her own troubles or upon the mode of Geoffrey's Vanborough's departure. 