DEMAND FOR SHORTHORNS. Mr. Wm. Warfield, in a aeries of articles on Kentucky Shorthorns in the columns of the National Live Stock Journal (Chicago), makes the following remarks on the character of the existing demand for Shorthorns in the United States generally, and in Kentucky in particularOne of the most striking cha racteristics of the new period is, in fact, a steady demand on Kentucky from all parts of the United States .for good, sterling Snort horns of good breeding, and at remunera tive prices. The other characteristics of the opening period, so far as they can be forecast, appear to be as follows(1) A tendency towards steady healthiness in the trade. This is evidenced many ways, but especially in the character of animalB sought, the steady medium preserved in prices offered, and the constant demand for young bulls in excess of heifers called for. If Shorthorns are good for anything, they most be good for farmers' beasts, at farmers' prices, and to grade up native stock; and the trade is healthiest when it is such as to look to those ends. It has, at present, the appearance of running in these* channels. (2) A tendency to oreak away from fancy, and to gravitate towards beef. Nothing in the signs of the times is more marked than this, and nothing is more hopeful. Before 1877, for a few years, the best of animate could be sacrificed by simply passing around the sale ring the whisper, "Her pedigree is not all right," by which was meant, perhaps, only an unrecorded bull, fifteen or twenty generations back. I have seen a whole herd ot the highest excellence so sacrificed. Now, all this seems changed. Men then were so sensitive to fancy that beef counted nothing with them; individual and family excellence was as nought to the fear that something might not be all right with the paper, any distance back. Clearly, it was fashion they were dealing in, not cattle. Now men want cattle, and exercise a little common sense about pedigrees. "Panic fear" has no longer her grasp on them; they laugh at the "flaws" (which are no flaws) now which once were terrific ghosts in their path. There is sense in this new attitude, and being sense, there is hope. When men once make up their minds to treat all fancy as so much emptiness, and beef as the one sine qua non, the future of Shorthorns is made. (3) A tendency to treat Shorthorns as Shorthorns, and allow no paper-made aris tocracy among them. The names of the great old breeders have been, in times past, used to conjure with by such as wou'd wish to hinder this tendency. Now men have found out that the old breeders themselves allowed no aristocracy, and if they would follow their example, or hope to reap ripe fruits, they must also away with it. Men seem now more than for many years ^ to be seeking Shorthorns, not families. "Who can say how much of hope lies wrapped up in this one fact. (4) A tendency to draw away from the leadership of foolish fashion in little matters, as e.g., in colour, &c.;, and to look at each animal from a practical standpoint. The agricultural Press is full of protests against those foolish fashions—fashions made by nobody, kept up only by panic fear, ana needing only grit and union to break entirely, and buyers are paying less and less attention to them. This is also a sign of the times full of hope. 