rlVEÜRS OF TEA TEL. By J. S. ROUND ABOUT PARIS. A Paris resembles Borne in this respect, must, ' its eastern tale, directly you are outside the '&KV2tAtionB; you are in the country, There ["tee BO miles and miles of suburban stretobinK way towards all the points of the compass, tod overrunning no inconsiderable portion of live counties, as in the metropolis of Great Britain, The real suburbs of Paris Bang. nolleB, Montmartre, La Villette, Belleville, Garonne, Bercy, Vaugirard, Grenelle, Au. tam!, and Pearlie within the enceinte. You 'emerge from it, in all directions, to find your. self in the Bois de Vincennes, covering an area of upwards of 2,000 acres, with its Champ de Manoeuvres, half a mile wide, its model farm, lakes, and racecourse, and its famous fortress, memorable as having been the scene of the judicial murder of the Due d'Enghien, Asia its massive London, 170 ft, high, which was the last of the strong places held by the i Communists in 1871, and would have been blown up by the explosion of the powder magazine if the man to whom the duty had yet been delegated had not committed suicide in preference to being shattered to atoms. The | 'castle itself was originally a royal residence, and upon one of the villas not far off as a j tablet which records the erection on that spot of the Chateau Royal de Beauty by 1 Charles the Fifth in 1875, and the gift of it by I Charles the Seventh in bill to his mistress, 1 Agnes Steel, who thence obtained the title of I La Dame de Beaute. Philippe Augustesen 1 closed the royal park with a deep moat and a high wall, and filled it with deer, which h imported for the purpose from England, and these were the progenitors, it is believed, of most of the herds of those animals now in France. Hero St. Louis was accustomed t administer justice in the open air; her Philipp )e Hardy was married to Marie of Brabant ; here 18 Jeanne, Queen of Navarre Had Louis the Tenth and Cùà:!fla to M and our own heroic Henry the Fifth, King of Ireland and France, and Charles the Ninth, [Wa Cardinal Mazarin. During the civil war "it was often besieged and captured; and it frequently nerved for the imprisonment of men and women of illustrious names and history. The three heroes of the French, the Prince of Conde, the Prince of Conti, and the Duc de Longueville, passed under its portals together, Crebillon, the younger, and Diderot were both confined within its walls ; and BO were the Mirabeaua, father and son, The treaty of the Pyrenees was ratified here in 1839 and the unpopular minister of Charles the Tenth were sent to Vienna to protect them from the violence of the people by Louis Philippe in 1839, so that the place is Hiociated with not a few of the most important events in the history of France, On the other side of Paris, in an exactly opposite direction, lies the beautiful Bois de Boulogne, accessible from the Avenue des , Champs Ely sees, from Passy, or from Auteuil. It is of the same area as the Bois de Vincents, and originally formed part of theancientforeatof Rouvray. Withtheexcep. tion of a noble grove of venerable oaks, all the timber has disappeared, for the wood has been twice devastated by an invading army by that of the allies in 1814, and by the Germans more recently. But it has been re- planted, and 11 years have sufficed to convert it into an umbrageous thicket, and where King Dagobert hunted the wild boar, and Amanld Catelan, the court poet of Beatrice of , (Savoy, Countess of Provence, was aBaasBi \- tated by brigands, all the rank and fashion of Paris congregate during the season and the place presents a brighter aspect than even Hyde-park, or Kensington gardens, in the month of June, The Parisians are justly proud of it for there is nothing of the kind comparable with it in Europe, I imagine. The view from Richmond-park and from Capodimonte is finer, and there are no sylvan ifcJnJBtorB in the Bois to equal the avenues of cpSl nor, Bushy, and Hampton- court ; but a * lavish expenditure has created such a combination of forest and garden, lakes and waterfalls, of broad acres and winding wood paths, that you might spend a whole week in exploring its recesses, and still leave its beauties unexhausted, Close by the oaks spoken of above is a restaurant, which occupies the site of a chateau built by Francis theFirBt.andafterwardaoccupiedby Henry the Second and Charles the Ninth. An old mill, near the racecourse, has for its foundations and that remains of the abbey of Longchamp, split by the Princess Isabella of France, Sister '"Serious the Ninth. From it proceeded the road to the Calvary, which formerly crowned Mount Valerien, whither the princess and the other inmates of the abbey used to proceed in Easter week to celebrate that religious festival with prayers and hymns. In course of time the singing of the latter became so beautiful that the avenue of Longchamp was crowded with Parisians attracted to listen to it, This was the origin of the well-known Promenade de Longchamps, at which the most elegant women in Paris are in the habit of transforming themselves into advertising agents for the modistes of the metropolis. At least they do so in ordinary years ; but there has been no summer in 1882, and the result has been that there has been no butter ing in the son of the human butterflies this year. The P Conelan, in the Bois, takes its name from the poet who, are I have said, was I. murdered on the site, and is now a kind of ! JgCremome-gardens ; while La Muette, which were separated from the wood by the fortifica- ' one, was formerly an aristocratic Mabelle, and was occasionally visited by Marie Antoinette, exists only in name. Bagatelle, which belonged to the late Marquis of Hertford, has curious history. It was built, in 21 days, for the Comte d'Artois, brother of Louis XVI, at a cost of 000,000 livres, and was successively occupied by Madame de Beau harms, Madame Ballieu, and the Duchess of Berry; and in it its late owner collected those priceless treasured of art which he bequeathed at his death to Sir Richard Wallace The architect of Bagatelle was employed in 1780, by a farmer general named Beaudard, to erect what is known as La Folie St, James and no less than a million and a half of francs were expended in constructing an artificial . mass of rock work in the grounds. Beaudard afterwards failed for twenty millions, and died in poverty. The Duke of Wellington made the place his residence after the battle of Waterloo, and Madame Recamier, Chateau- briand, and Thiers have successively been its inmates. Not far off is the chalet which the city of Paris presented to the poet Lamartine and the house in which Rossini, the composer, spent the evening of his days, On the winding banks of the lakes which have been artificially formed and embellished, and in the shadowy recesses of the serpentine walks which have been laid out through the Bois, you might easily imagine yourself to b a hundred miles away from the fret and all of a great metropolis, and although the young forest is kept in excellent order, it is not come on, and brushed, and polished to r such an extent as to deprive its Kosky dingle ; and picturesque glades of the charm of , naturalnesS. Two of the prettiest suburbs of Paris abut upon the BOYs de Boulogne, Passy and Auteuil. The former is the i favourite retreat of authors, actors, and ,'' concert Bingera, and in the latter. the names of \- two of the streets and avenues remind you is that Boileau and Moliere lived there. I . Within 10 miles of Paris are the forests of Bonds, Notre Dame, Senart, Seguigny, Ver íÉWíy'Hlcudon, Mary, St. Germain, and Montmorency ; while that of Fontainebleau, '"covering an area of 42,500 acres, is within an an hour and, a half side of the city by railway. Most of the other woods are easily accessible, ] stand on a Sunday morning, the eight stations enact the principal lines are crowded, when the "I weather is favourable, with Parisian families, '?, ition, carrying with them baskets of provisions, to be partaken of " under the shade of melancholy boughs." , \ of the forest I have visited, that of Mont moroney is the most picturesquely situated, Downing, as, it does, a lofty eminence, overlooking a great extent of country, with the Seine, on its way to the sea, inscribing the letter S in glittering silver upon the surface of a lovely valley full of gardens, vineyards, nurseries, and orchards, and with the city of Paris breaking the line of the horizon, about 10 miles off, by the dome of the Pantheon the twin towers of the -Trocadero, end the massive ballot the fire de l'Etoile. Upon the edge of the forest a brother journalist has bought a small domain, including a corner of the wood itself, thick with chesnuts and walnut trees, populous with squirrels, and resonant during the early summer with the song of the nightingales, where he and his accomplished wife grow their own fruit and vegetables, and contribute to the journals and magazines of London and New York articles and correspondence inwhichone may detect a good deal of the freshness and bright- ness of the scenery among which they are written, St. Prix, the town in which they reside, is a type of most places of the kind in France Half the inhabitants are related by marriage to the other half, and have strong local attachments. It contains a couple of hand- some chateaux, each surrounded by a little pleasance and most of the population belong to the bourgeoisie. They are poor to look at, and shabbily dressed ; but you must not judge by appearances in France, The old woman who sits spinning in the sun at the door of the small shop, dignified by the title of Mercerie et Rouenncrie, which means that she Bells balls of cotton and worsted, and has a small quantity of blue jean and coarse calico and thick worsted hose in stock, could produce, if need be, quite a large sum in napoleons or five-franc pieces, or their equivalent in the actions of some public company. For the practice of hoarding is not so universal as it need to be in this part of the world. The country people are not less industrious or frugal than they formerly were but they are a little more nnlioWannri They have learned that money Cases be made to " breed," as Shylock says, like sheep and oxen . only be capital of some of the large undertakings, of a reproductive character, in France and elsewhere IS supplied by innumerable contributions from the classes which constitute the real backbone of their nation Their industry is pertinacious and untiring, and their thrift has become a part of their nature While the Parisian ouvrier is. engaged, in "looking down" a considerable portion of his earnings in a cult, estaminet, theatre, or concert room, the artisan, the peasant farmer, and the small shopkeeper in the rural districts are at work from daylight to dark, I have seen husbandmen ploughing in the last hours of the long summer twilight and they Bcrutuuse the expenditure of every soul, It is the business of their lives, and the inherited traditions of their race, to shun delights and live laborious days'' Their fame is simple, and their sleep is sound. Their little patrimony suffices for all their wants, and produces within the narrow compasS of two, three, four, or five acres, everything they require. It is too limited in extent and too precious in productiveness to be wasted in hedgerows These are very picturesque , but Jacques Bonhomme is intensely practical, He has never heard of Jeremy Bentham, but he is a zealous utilitarian Owning a small property himself, he exhibits a great respect for the property of others, and you may pass along a country road fringed with raspberry bushes and strawberry beds, vines in full bearing, and apple and pear trees with plenty of attractive looking windfalls lying underneath them, and with not so much as the ghost of a fence to hinder the entry of a pilferer, but the fruit is Sacred On the imperial of the omnibus, which takes you from Erin on to St, Prix, the passengers have only to stretch forth their hands in order to pluck the ruddy pippins which overhang the road, but nobody touches them. Pore Dantard, who owns and drives the vehicle, is a very ordinary man to look at, with a rough weather-beaten face, large coarse banda, a provincial accent, and shabby clothes. If you were to "tip him 10 or 20 centimes, in addition to his fare, he would touch his hat and exclaim, Meta, been,' with something like effusiveness But Para Dantard is rich, and is the founder of a dynasty of Dantarda in St Prix, One son is the landlord of the auberge, Au Cocho Fidele, another is a thriving shopkeeper and a third is also flourishing in the same place A short time ago his daughter was married, and he gave her a dent 1- man francs (£3 000) 1 To look at him, you wouldn't suppose him to be worth as many shillings. The Maine of St. Prix has filled the office for 20 years, and a good many of the houses in the place look as if they had never been painted or whitewashed since he came into office. There is an ancient stone cross in the centre of the little place which has witnessed the fall of monarchies and empires and republics in France, and has survived all the vicissitudes of institutions that seemed imperishable and my host and hostess sat down upon its pedestal, while Pure Dantard is putting the horses in the omnibus, and talk of England and Australia and of old friends in both, until the quaint old French town seems to fade away and to be replaced by other and more distant scenes, and until the signal for departure is given and the time arrives to say " good night." The forest of St. Germain in Laye is less picturesquely situated than that of Montmorency, although there is a charming view from the terrace in front of the Pavilion, Henri Quatre, at the chateau. The original chateau itself, which was built by Louis le Gros, was for some time the residence of the Black Prince, who is accused of having left it in a somewhat dirty and dilapidated condition ; but the present structure owes it erection to Francis the First, who merely retained the London and chapel of its predecessor. Allowed to fall to decay during the reign of Louis the Fourteenth, it has been recently restored, with conscientious care by M. Eugene Millet, and is now one of the national museums. The apartments occupied by our own James the Second, after his expulsion from the English throne, are no longer extant, but there is no cause for grief on that account. They are said to have been very ugly, and it is impossible to get up any sentimental enthusiasm on his account. Her Majesty the Queen has erected a monument to his memory in the parish church of St, Germain. Mademoiselle de la Valliere and Madame de Montespan have been among the residents in this palace, of which the terrace, so marvellous in its extent, is one of the most celebrated features. From it the tower of the cathedral of St. Denis is visible in the far distance. It is said to have been a great eyesore to LOUIS XIV., who was averse to being reminded of his mortality by seeing the mausoleum of the Kings of France obtruding itself upon his vision. Around the Chateau rats" "" fho ",]"<, "of the fence his "Moran up quite a large township, composed of detached villa residences, each surrounded by its shrubbery and pleasure garden These are the summer abodes of Parisians at tracted thither by the salubrity of the die tries It was my good fortune to be the guest of one of the owners of a MaiBon Ladies, and thus to see something of the manage and the inner life of a French family, belonging to the educated and prosperous classes of society The impressions thus produced were of the most agreeable character, and it was impossible not to be charmed by the cordiality of the welcome and the empressement of the attentions accorded with such an easy grace to (be foreign guest, the petits sins of which he is the object, and with the bright ness and vivacity of the after dinner causerie These impressions, have been deepened and confirmed by my subsequent experience in connexion with two other families, the one French and the other Anglo- French residents in Pane The pleasantest way over Versailles Is by four horse coach, through the Avenue de BOYs de Boulogne, and the Bois itself, by way of Suresnes and San Cloud, and returning through Sevres and Auteuil, This affords you an opportunity of passing over the more important of the positions occupied by the German army during the siege of Paris, as well as the scenes of the desperately contested sorties made by the French during that memorable crisis, and of seeing some of the buildings devastated by the heavy artillery of the enemy on the one hand, and of Fort St, Valerian on the other. To look upon a large chateau, with nothing left but the bare walls ; the roof and windows shattered by a shell, the handsome decorations of its aaloriB dilapidated and defaced, its balconies and verandahs an unsightly wreck, and its garden a tangled wilderness, serves to bring vividly before one the horrors of warfare. During their occupation of Versailles, the Germans appear to have exhibited a forbear- ance and consideration which the French have not always displayed under similar circumstances in the foreign cities they have occupied, and although using the palace as a hospital, the Prussians were careful to protect its historical and artistic treasures from injury and spoliation. The building itself does not compensate by its vastness for its ugliness, and the milliards which were lavished on its construction and embellishments, and upon the formation of its magnificent park, its enormous cruciform pond, its fountains and terraces, were impotent to obviate the natural disadvantages of its situation. Inside the palace is as gorgeous and as spacious as money could make it, but its gilded salons and stately bedchambers are haunted by evil memories of that supremely selfish old scoundrel Louis the Fourteenth, and of that mass of moral corruption, his profligate and contemptible successor, whose body was BO poisoned by his vices that people passing through the room in which it lay after death, and inhaling the effluvium which emanated from it, sickened and died. After a weary tramp through a series of splendid apartments, enriched with the works of some of the greatest artists France has produced, and sumptuously decorated, one turns with a feeling of relief to the more homely and diminutive rooms occupied by Marie Antoinette, and regards, with a painful interest, the objects associated with last days of her residencem Versailles, before she was dragged from a palace to a prison, and was condemned to expiate on a scaffold the crimes and follies of the family into which it was her misfortune to marry. Such of her remains, and of 2086 of her husband as could be identified and rescued from the common fosse, into which they were thrown after the execution of each, may be seen or, at least, the coffins containing them may-in the crypt of the abbey church of St. Denis, just outside of Paris The town itself is an ugly, dirty, manufacturing place, and the lower classes of people are as forbidding in their looks as they are repulsive in their manners , but it is well worth while to pick your way through its narrow streets, and to encounter the scowling countenance of the male and female descendants of the maniacs who violated the graves of the illustrious, as well as of the infamous, dead within the walls of its venerable minister. for that august edifice is the Westminster Abbey of the Santa Croce of France, and it has been restored, during the last quarter of a century, under the direction of M, Viollet le Duc, in such a conscientious spirit, that you are enabled to look upon it pretty much as it was in the middle of the last century, For. tions of the structure date from the year 630, and belong to the epoch of King Dagobert, and there are fragments also of the Basilica, erected by King Papin a hundred years later, while the greater part of the crypt belongs to the eleventh century, But the nave and transepts, the choir and apsidal chapels, seem to have been built in the century following, Some of the stained glass is of similar antiquity, and, as Such, offers numerous splendid specimens of a lost art All the windows, however, are filled in with a coloured medium, and the effect of these is very fine, especially as regards the two great rose windows in the transept and those at the extremity of the sanctuary. The nave, choir, and transepts are of the same height, and the shafting which supports the nose the vaulted roof, springs from the same bases as the piers of the arches dividing the main portion of the cathedral from its adjuncts, while the elegant inform runs round the whole of the interior But the monuments of St. Denis are its most valuable possession, although it is impossible to study them, or, indeed, to bestow upon them anything more than a fugitive glance, for the privilege of showing them is delegated by the French Govern- ment, to unite the increments, due under jun round as rapidly as he can, tells you nothing you cannot learn from the cards placed upon tombs themselves, or from a guide-book, and informa- you, when you ask to be allowed to make a leisurely inspection of this or that remarkable example of medieval sculpture, that it is contrary to the regulations, these " regulations" meaning everywhere a form of despotism which no Englishman would tolerate for 12 hours. Near the high altar is the superb monu- ment erected by St. Louis to the memory of King Dagobert, whose ashes, as well as those of his wife, Nanthilde, and of his son, Sigebert, rest underneath it, On each side of the choir are the tombs and effigies of a number of the early sovereigns of France, including Pepin and his wife, LoutB, Carlo- man, Clovis the Second, Charles Martel, Eudes and Hugh Capet, Robert the Pious, and Constance of Aries, Henry the First, Loma the Sixth, Constance of Castillo, the second wife of Louis the Seventh, Philip, the eldest son of Louis the Sixth, Carloman, King of Australia, and Hormmtrude, the first wife of Charles the Bold. A splendid monument, erected in honour of Catherine de Medicis, IB enriched with two noble effigies from the chisel of Germain Pilon, one of the most illustrious of French sculptors, and all through the period of the Renaissance in France, as also for two centuries previously! the abbey church of St. Denis resembled, as a French writer has said, a permanent exhibition of the choicest art productions of the age in bronzes, moBaice, carved wood, sculptured stone and marble, stained glass, enamels, terra cotta, and gold, silver, and iron work. But it was also as has been said, the mausoleum of its monarchs from Dagobert down to Louis the 15th, and this served to expose it to the blind fury of the levellers of 1703. Whether they imagined that the dust and ashes of the former sovereigns of France would be conscious of, and pained by the contumely heaped upon them, is not at all clear. One thing alone is certain, namely, that they were dragged forth from their place of sepulchre and flung into a common fosse. One of the first of the bodies subjected to this ignominious treatment was that of Henry the Fourth. It was found in so perfect a condition, and there was such a look of kingly dignity on the face of the hero of Ivory, that the vandals who opened up under unique among the younger ance of their shameful duty, and hesitated, for two days, to consign it to the common pit, It was exposed to public view during that interval, and then an order arrived from Paris that none of the remains should be excepted from the general sentence of pro- fanation, which was accordingly carried into effect, Three years afterwards the lead was stripped from the roof of St. Denis, and the building appeared to be doomed to destruc- tion! when Alexander Lenoir asked for the spoils of the cathedral, and was fortunate enough to obtain them on behalf of the Commission of the Arts, They were preserved in one of the national museum although the artist vessel is life In protecting such BOIIvènlrs of royalty; and they remained there until the Restoration, when most of them were sent back to the cathedral, and re erected in their former positions. Prior to this, Napoleon Bonaparte had resolved upon making St Denis the burial place of the members of the dynasty which he imagined he had founded upon an immutable basis. How that purpose was frustrated I need hardly int out. But Napoleon III. had the same intention, and it would be equally superfluous to comment upon its Signal failure. He went farther than his uncle, for he caused a vault to be constructed to receive his remains, and those of his wife and son, at the entrance of the transept. It is still empty, and it is likely to continue so. Meanwhile the ashes of the last of the Bourbons, who died in France during the Restoration, as well as those of Louis XVI. and Marie Antoinette, and two of the aunts of the farmer, who died in exile, have found a resting-place in the crypt under the sanctuary. The place of their entombment resembles a dungeon, and you look through arched apertures traversed by iron bars at the collins, dimly illuminated by some gas jets outside. The atmosphere of the cavern is cold and damp, and the dismal process has a weird and uncanny look. If ghosts ever walk, you might imagine them doing so here, when the custodian has put out the lights at the close of the afternoon, and the crypt is left for the next 18 hours to silence and to solitude. The treasury of the abbey church of St. Denis is exceedingly rich in reliquaries, chalices, montrances, crosses, pyxes, crozier, and other objects, composed of the precious metals and enriched with costly jewels. A few of them are of considerable antiquity, but most of them were the gift of Napoleon Bonaparte, Charles the Tenth and the late Emperor. In the eyes of the monotonous showman, who informs you that an extra franc is demanded for this part of the exhibition, their chief claim upon the admiration of visitors in their intrinsic value. If you are not suitably impressed by this, he feels not only disappointed but aggrieved. He rolls the words " dix mille francs" upon his tongue as if it were a Bavoury sweetmeat, and the idea which it conveys to his mind is not merely delightful, but stupendous. But Englishmen, who divide the large figures of a Frenchman by five-and-twenty in order to reduce them to pounds sterling, are apt to think differently. 