Soral and ©fa JJptes. Anglican. — The Rev. J. Campbell will (D.V.) conduct Divine Service as follows : — Holy Trinity. — Wednesday eveuing, 21st iustaut, at 7.80. Rose Hill. — Thursday evening, 22nd, at 8 o'clock. Holy Trinity. — Choir practice, Friday eveuing at 8 o'clock. Saturday (St. Mallhia's Day), morning prayer at 11. Sunday, 25th, celebration of Holy Communion at 8 a.m. ; Diviuc Service (morning) at 11 ; evening, at 7.30. Stonchenge — Divine Service in the school room at 3 o'clock Sunday afternoon, Presbyterian. — Rev. R. Kny will preach next Sabbath at St. Andrew's, Glen Lines, at 11 and 7.30 p. in ; in tho afternoon at 3, Mr. Kny will preach at Wellingrove. Prayer meeting on Wednesday, when liov. Joseph Beale, newly arrived Wesleyan Minister, will give an address. Our Siiow. — The usual committee meeting was held on Saturday afternoon in the Council Cham bers, the president (Mr. James Campbell) iu the chair. The minutes having been confirmed, the secretary road letters from Messrs. T. Reynolds and John M'Gregor, euiiseutiug lo act as judges in the classes to which they had been nominated ; also, from Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devlin, D. Coliec and Co., and Mortand Co., enclosing cheques for special prizes, the latter firm promising a tivc guinea cup for next year's competition . The secre tary announced that the improvement committee inspected the ground and had made arrangements for carrying-out the necessary improvements. pi¥es;J5rainrcrBr''itoonngr¥iN auBauaiRiage-cfips j ping of (ill shste on hand Iron Curved to any Cirulo. \- Our own make." in„JJenla-a.Strong— Boots _L ' The Weather. — On Tuesday last the heavy rain-clouds that were showering down so often and so long, cleared off, nnd bright, sunny days pre vailed up till yesterday morning. This desirable change naturally gave rise to the hope that fine weather bad at last set in, which the sporting denizens believed would extend at least over the carnival to be initiated to-day. Their sanguine ex pectations, however, were greatly clouded yester day morning when the sky grew very overcast and rain commenced to descend. As we go to press the appearances are indicative of heavy wet. Sir Henry Parkes.— Last Wednesday a meet ing was held at the Council Chambers to devise means lo receive Sir Henry Parkes on his arrival here. Only some lO or 12 people were iu attend ance (including two reporters), and it was decided to read Sir Henry an address of welcome. The paucity of attendance, we opine, was due to the disesieem in which the " great gun" is held here ; and yet — though not vox popul'i, so to speak — an assurauce of welcome is to be given him 1 But we doubt not Sir Henry can see the dark cloud behind this silvery glaze. Forgery by a Young Woman. — The love of emulation is a marked characteristic iu our native- born, especially when crime is the lode-stone. This is scarcely to be wondered at, seeing that little or no care has been bestowed upon their early in struction in too many instances ; and doubtless this gave-rise to the query — What will we do with our boys? But a more difficult problem, and .one which threatens to upset the entire fabric of our moral status, is — What shall wc do with our girls? If the circumstances that have come to light in the case of the young women, Mary Waguor, aro cor rect, tiicrc is 110 doubt our law-givers will have to speedily legislate for them. This young lady is under committal for forging her master's signature (Mr. T. Fitzgerald, of the Deepwater Hotel) which it is alleged she put to a cheque for £10 10s., and then, in the most methodical fashion cashed the " item." ' The Races. — To-day is tho appointed time for the opening event of the excelleut programme pro vided. by the Glen Innes Race Club. II we may dare hope for fine wcatlie'r, and our fervent desire .is gratified, one of the very best meetings held here for some time will be witnessed. Most of the events have filled well, and a large number of visi tors are in town. These include, we should say, all the bookmakers between here and Timbuctoo to say nothing of the " intermediaries," &c.; Great preparations have beeu made to have the course in good order, and we hear the track is in excellent condition. Consequent oil a fine gallop yesterday Old Gold is now installed first favourite for the '-double," Greater " pots," however, have boiled over ere now, and something not thought of may interfere with the " certainty." Our sporting writer says Sir Edward for tlic Maiden Plate looks well but thinks Emancipator will beat him, and that Poleslar will wiu tne Town Plate. Bristol and tlie Stranger have been scratched for the Maiden Plate. The following is a list of the entries : — MAIDEN PLATE, 50 Sovs. ij Miles. 1\. F. G. Finley's ch. m. Twinkle, 1 years (includiug penally).., 9 5 2\. J. Bowman's b. c. Emancipator, 3 years... 8 3 53\. J. Moody's br. c. Bristol, 2 years G G 4\. R. Dwycr's br. g. Stranger, 4 years » 8 11 5\. D. Cook's b. m. The Novice, 4 years., 8 2 G. J. Moody's br. c. The Demon, 2 years G G 7\. S. Fielder's br. e. Sir Edward, 3 years... 8 3 S. A. Thorley's ch. m. Miss Madge, o years... 9 0 TALLY-IIO STAKES, 30 Sovs. 2 Miles, over 8 Leaps, 3ft. pins. 1\. J. Browne's b. g. War Eagle, nged 11 0 2\. A. Fletcher's b. g. Ixion, aged 11 5 PRODUCE STAKES, 25 Sovs. i Mile. - 1\. J. Moody's br. c. Bristol, 2 years.... 8 5 2\. J. Moody's br. c, The Demon, 2 years 8 0 3\. W.B. Browne's g.f. Lady Langtry, 2 years 8 0 FLYING SCURRY, 5 Sovs., for Hacks only ; catch weights. Entrance (post) 10s. A Mile. TOWN PLATE, 100 Sovs. 1 Mile-and-a-furlong. 1\. W Noud's b h Poleslar, 6 years 8 11 2\. R Dwyer's ch It Old GultP, 4 years 7 11 3\. A. Fnuer's b li Recovery, 4 years (includ- ing olbs. penally) 7 10 4-. J. Ambrose's b or br in Cromorne, 5 years... 7 9 5\. A. Thorley's br g Mick, 0 years 7 7 G. D. M'lntyre'sg gTrevnllyn, aged (includ ing nibs penalty) G 12 7\. F. G. Finley's brg The Serf, aged... 6 5 , S. Fielder's b c Prism, 3 years G 5 . J. Mondy's b!k g Wentwprlh, 4 years...... G 5 !>0. J. Bowman's br c' Emancipator, 3 years G 3 1\. J. Mondy's br c Tho Damon, 2 years ... G 3 LADIES' MILE, 30 Sovs. 1\. 11. Dwyer's br g SLranger, 4 years (to be sold for £15) 2\. J. M 'Hugh br g Buckthorn, aged (to be sold for £30) 3\. H. Green's b g Boue9, late Hamlet, aged, to be sold for nil) 4\. S. Fielder's b g Shamrock, aged (nil) 5\. W. B. Browne's b g Kildare, aged (£15) 7, W. Onus' g h Clarendon, nged (£20) G. D. MTntyre's g g Trevallyn. aged (£30) 8\. J. M'Donald's br m Prairie Flower, 3 years (nil) \- Third Day— Thursday. i ' GLEN INNES CUP, 200 Sovs. ; 1$ miles. 1\. Noud's Poleslar 8 8 2\. Dwyer's Old Gold 7 8 3\. Prater's Recovery (including penalty-)... 7 7 4\. Ambrose's Ciemprne 7 7 5\. Finley's Twinkle L G 12 6\. M'lntyre's Trevallyn (including o lbs penalty) . G 10 7\. Finley's The Serf G 3 8."" Fielder's br c Sir Edward, 3 years G 3 9\. Thorley's ch m Miss Madge, 5 years ....!. G 3 10.- Bowman's Emancipator, by Wilberforcc G 0 AMATEUR CUP, 1-j miles. Cook's The Novice, 4 years Finley's The Serf, nged M' Hugh's Buckthorn, aged Mondy's W-enlworfh, 4 years Fielder's Shamrock, aged MTutyre's Trevallyn, aged HACK RACE, 10 Sovr., once round the course; weight lOst. Post entry. RAILWAY HANDICAP, 50 Sovs,, 7 furlougs. 1\. Monday The Demon 2\. Ambrose's Creinonie 3\. Prater's Recovery 4 Noud's Rataplan, ?5 years— Warlike 5\. Dwyer's Old Gold G. Fielder's Prism 7\. Finley's Twinkle— Hawthorudon, Ruby S. The Serf 9 . Thorley's Mick 10\. Miss Madge, by The Drummer ,.11. Browne's blk c Barrister, 3 years $ 12. b g Kildare. r Handicap Trot. — The entries for ibis event ar . . — Ilu mine's Sain bo ; Ward's Queen of Hearts ; Green's the Ghost ; Dooliu's Maud. .' The New Scientific Steamer. — Everyone s who has rend Jules Verne's ''Twenty Thousand r Leagues under the Sea," will remember the ? manner of craft in which that marvellous jnur- v ney was undertaken, and, though that wonder- \ fill vessel was entirely a product of M. Verne's " feitile imagination, the new scientific steamer Albatross seems in many ways a practical em bodiment of the mythical Nautilus. We all know that fish, like moths, aro attracted by light, and the Albatross will be urovided with c two classes of electric light, the Brush for il- : laminating the surface of the 6ea-ntidThe Edi son for lighting up the deep. Fancy the effect of those brilliant rays, shining through the trans parent waters, and fading away in soft grada tions towards the lower deplhs. Imagine tho „ vqst aquatic army, which will come sailing through the illuminated sea, visible in this liquid crystal, as through the glass of an im mense aquarium. The officers and crew of the Albatross will indeed be able to "call spirits from the vasty deep." Tliis new steamer haR been provided with laborataries for microscopic purpost-s, and all the most novel and approved apparatus for dredging, trawling, mid deep-sea soundings. She has also a new distillery ap paratus and an effective method of ventilation. The Albatross lias been designed for the United States Fish, Commission, and, besides ichthy- ology, ornithology will also form a part of her researches, a 100111 having been fitted up with every arrangement for the convenience of tho taxidermist. She will be reudy for sea about December 1, a most wonderful example of tho progress of science within tho past ten years. Tiie. Great Comet.— The New York Times observes : — Mr. Proctor lias almost thrown us into convulsions hy declaring tiiat soino time in the early spring a comet will take a little plea, sure trip through our "atmosphere and lift the mercury so high that tve shall have to construct a thermometer as long as a telegraph pole in order to find out how hot it is. We have just made an arrangement with a skilful anatomist to take our flesh off for a few days and allow us to sit in our bones, but now word comes lo us that Proctor in milling his column of figures for. got to " carry one," and that tho comet won't reach ns for two o> three centuries. Things will happen in just that contrary way. We 110 sooner get into our thin clothing to welcome the comet than along comes an iceberg instead, and our teeth chatter as though wo had seen tho ghost of our mother-in-law. Why, if things go 011 in litis way we shall not have that ter rible storm which the Canadian Wiggins pre- diets for March, and which promises to blow cities, forests, monopolists, 6tock- broUcrs, and even the good and innocent Jay Gould, who had to have a "corner" explained to him beforo he could deliver n» opinion ou the subject, into tho Pacific Ocean. If wo can't have either the comet or the blizzard, what is life good for? Handicap for Pigeon Match. — The following is the handicap for the pigeon match, which will be shot for on Wednesday ; — Doyle, 30 yards ; Graney, 29 ; Chalker, 29 ; Baldwin, 23 ; Underwood, 28.; Matthews, 28 ; Keenan, 28 ; Redhead, 28 ; Stout, 28 ; Moses, 28 ; Nicholas, 28 ; Hughes, 27 ; Buxton, 27 ; Onus, 27 ; Evans, 27; Hill, 27 ; Scott, 27; W. H. Martin, 27 ; Bowd, 26 ; Finlay, 26 ; M'Donald, 26 ; Thorley, 26 ; Ward, 25 ; Gibbs, 25 ; H. Martin, 24 ; W. Sully, 24. A Successful Experiment in Siieep-breed- ing. — Amongst the principal flocks of Queensland is that called the Jiinbcnr flock, the property of the Darling Downs and Western Land Company, Limited, situated about 170 miles from Brisbane on the Southern nnd Western Railway. Tho country in that locality is very level, consisting of large plains; the soil is remarkably fertile, the grass in every direction being most luxuri ant. There are a variety of grasses, together with many lino herbs, all of which are well suited for rearing and fattening all kinds of stock ; and, notwithstanding the heavy summer rains, such a tiling as font-rot is never known among tho sheep. Tho stock consists in the meantime of about 90,000 sheep, which have been mostly bred from the finest imported rams. Perhaps the most successful of the importations were two merino rams taken out by Mons. Lo Grand from Spain, and purchased hy llie late Sir Joshua Peter Bell, the then proprietor of tho above property. These ranis were of large frame, one of them weighing 2101b. and the other 1961b. ; the wool was of fair quality and good staple. A judicious selection of llie best ewes wns made from the flocks first brought from Maitland — on tho settlement of the country, about forty years ago — and to these ewes the imported rams were put ; and in a few years by carefully se lecting the lambs, n stud flock wns formed, the only one in Australia that can trace its descent from sires imported from Spain. This flock is known as the " Le Grand Stud Flock." A grandson of the imported ram that weighed 210 lb. was shewn. at tho New South Wales Inter national Exhibition, where lie carried off first prize — Hie illustrated London News. miguo norses anoa, per boc......t.. o - - ' TranspoutinoGoods c yu lecti: ity.— 1 >1.4 \--feasor Flecming Jenkiu has patented an electrical"" system of transporting goods, which ho calls " Telpherage." It resembles tho wire-ropo sys tem, in so far that Ibo vehicles are supported on strained conductors, which suspend the load ! and at tho same Lime convoy the electric energy , 'There can bo 110 collisions, as if 0110 train gets on to a section occupied by another, it is de prived of motive power and brought to a stand still until the section is clear. 