"NEWS HTBRIEFr -TAM, w. ' ': ..-J-,.- , .. ;; Speaiafiy collated andopifcomiBed for "The. Weekly i ' ' Times.") '. ' 'r New . Zealand exported 9,250,000 rabbit Bkinslastyear. There aire stated to he 33,000,000 sheep in New South Wales. An earthquake was recently felt near Tar- rowie, South Australia. It is proposed to federate all the Presby terian Churches of Australia. Ninety -five per cent, of American women are stated to wear false hair. It is estimated that the floods in America have left 50,000 people homeless. According to the latest statistics, there are in Italy 32,593 monks and nuns. The late rains have caused extensive injury to unstacked grain in New Zealand. The blacks are reported to have been spearing cattle numerously on the Daintrce. A magnificent ice palace has been con structed at Montreal for the winter carnival. A hew and cheap system of electric lighting is reported to have been invented in Singa pore. Scab has again broken out among the sheep in West Australia, and upwards of 3,000 are affected. One hundred and sixteen divers were con stantly employed during the raising of the ; Austral. Two young girls were recently arrested at Sydney for uttering Hanover medals for .sovereigns. _ The coal-miners of Pennsylvania are opposing the introduction of Hungarian cheap labour. There are at present forty-one regular theatres iu London, with seats for about 55,000 people. The Board of Aldermen have ordered that the entire city of Boston shall be illuminated with electricity. A sad tragedy is reported at Adelaide, 'where a child aged six years shot another child With a revolver. A water train Tan into a trolly near Boggahri, N 3.W., recently, and a ganger was killed by the collision. A young man named Higgings has been lost in the bush near the Banning timber station, West Australia. Oa Friday last, over 830 tons of potatoes were shipped at the port of Warrnambool for Melbourne and Adelaide. A valuable and handsome pony of Arab lineage has arrived in Melbourne from Cal cutta for Sir W. J. Glarke. The new Roman Catholic Cathedral in London, the erection of which will begin next spring, is to cost £300,000. Messrs. Brinsmhad and Son, of .London, have promised a piano worth 120 guineas for the next Ballarat Eisteddfod. The Central Telephone Exchange, Sydney, is now kept open all night, and subscribers can use the lines at any hour. A destructive fire broke out in Mary street, Gymple, on Monday, and several business plaoes were totally consumed. The Boyal Opera- house, Montreal, was burned down on the 8th February, the loss being estimated at 75,000dol. Daring last year in England there were reported twenty eight mining explosions, fifteen of which were fatal. A train was recently stopped near Wanganui, N.Z., through myriads of cater pillars beicg upon",fche rails: The duty.cn,./ playing-cards last year in England was £14,|81 I8n against £14,770 3s. 3d. in the yearpre viously. The court- of directors of the Bank of Aus tralasia have awarded to their officers a bonns of 10 per cent, onjtheir salaries. Tie Duke of RuccleDch is said: to have 4,000 acres in tjbi$ county of Northampton for whioh.he canxjp find tenants. The Dg(ke ot .BM|otd has given a second subscription the fund for the pro- mo tionolemitfin from lreland. Arrangements' i|r being made for the in- troduption of r||- electric light into the Queen sla n dHpu6rajRpf Parliament. Sir Bry inSfflJfothlen has resolved to contest West Bpke, against Mr. Deakin, the Oprnmrssiqiief Public Works. Owihg to thamfejdence of the foundations of the Wagga raBwpf bridge, it has sunkSin., but no- further -TE&jiffien; ce is expected. The CPmmohrpuncil of Vienna has ap- proved the schemBfor the embankment of the Dan,joj 16,000,000 florins. A ffitner ham|pi Barney Gassidy was recently crushed death by a fall of quartz in No. 6 Queen claim, Charters Towers. Miss Jennie Lee is making qnite a riumpbal tear through Maoriland, and her Jo has been a grand success in Dunedin. Diphtheria is reported to be prevalent at Panmure, in the Warrnambool district, and in one instance the disease has proved fatal. Splendid specimens of timber have been discovered by the Native Timber Board in the forestsorrounding Waterloo, on the Gippsland line. A mob. of blacks in Queensland recently stuck up the Glendhu police station, but the sergeant in charge succeeded in dispersing them. An arrangement has been made to light the Queensland Government printing office, at Brisbane, with Edison's incandescent electric lamps, William Kirkham, a supposed insane inmateof the Bockhampton Hospital, jumped over a verandah rail on Monday and broke his neok Michael Kavanagb.the Dublin carman, has turned informer against the prisoners charged with the murder of Lord F. Cavendish and Mr. Burke. The Russian Geographical Society purpose undertaking an elaborate work upon Siberia, giving, both a description of the country and its history. . . Several burglaries have been .committed at Newcastle recently by a party Of well-known criminals, who have escaped overland to Queensland — aratawwrrr"1 ' iii On . Tuesday, the Sydney inspector of : nuisances effecteda seizure of twenty-fonr - boxes of rotten eggs; which were ordered to be destroyed. A little boy named George Lewis has been ; burned to death at Bpckhatnptoc through his i night-dress catching fire during the absence ; of his parents. No grog or other alcoholic drink is now . served out to the crews of the Canard Steam ship Company's steamers, coffee being sub stituted for grog. A kerosene lamp exploded recently in a carriage on the Great Northern line, S.A., setting fire to the carriage and doing eon- , siderable damage. 1 Two members of the Salvation Army, both ' young women, were arrested at New Jersey on the 12th February for attempting to ' murder their father. At Eumara, New Zealand, a matron, who keeps an hotel, recently horsewhipped a young man who had written -too familiarly to her married daughter. A fatal snowslide is reported from a place called Crested Butte, near Denver, Colorado, which overwhelmed twenty-five persons, all of whom perished. A child named Grey, son of a resident of Parramatta, died on Monday from the effects j of drinking a quantity of rum incautiously left within his reach. _ Six thousand petitions, hearing 679,000 I BignatureB, in favour of a Sunday Closing i Bill for England, have already been pre- j seated to Parliament. 1 A man named Landy recently obtained I £150 damages against the New South Wales i Commissioner of Railways for being run over and injured by a tram. A wholesale newspaper purloiner was caught in Sydney last week.- He followed the distributor, and collected twenty-five copies in one morning. The Berlin Aeronautic Society have deter mined to make experiments to test the prac ticability of taking photographic surveys of the country from balloons. Daring the past twelve months, American newspapers have been received by mail in England at the rate of more than 28,000 a day, or 10,000,000 a year. A carious case is reported from the Smeaton district, where a miner, on drinking some beer, found a fully-developed lizard in the bottle from which he was drinking. The Geel&ng; Advertiser ia stated to be the oldest paper in the colony, the next in seniority being the Portland Guardiant firBt issued on 20th August, 1842. Captain Allen May, of Hardin County, Ky., U.S., aged 101 years, recently procured a licence to marry a young lady of nineteen, a resident of the same county. A bey named Harry Empson, aged eleven years, who went to the top of the Carlton Brewery tower to watch the fire brigade at practice, fell over and was killed. It is reported from Temora that payable alluvial gold has been discovered forty miles north of Barmedan. The news has caused great excitement in the district. The petition of Mr. C, E. Jones against the election of Mr. Finchaoi for Ballarat West was published in a supplement to the Government Gazette on Tuesday. A woman named May Benson has been committed for trial at Sydney for attempting to commit suicide by throwing herself in front of an approaching tram motor. A young man named Moore was run over and killed, at Sydney, on Friday,, by a cab, the driver of which made off without waiting to ascertain the result of the accident. A terrific explosion occurred at the Stan dard Oil Works, Cleveland, Ohio, on the 14th February, followed by a great conflagration, the loss being estimated at 300,000dol. A correspondent of a Melbourne journal suggests that the name of Birregorra station,, on the Colao line, should be altered to Sladen, Sir Charles Sladen living in the locality. The Prince of Wales and suite were expected to visit Canada in the first week of March, and afterwards make a tour through the principal cities of the United States. Tabaree Hann, a Queensland aborigine, haB been committed for trial at Hay for attempting to commit a felonious assault en Jeanie Taglio, the wife of the herdsman. A number of miners at Herherton recently waited upon she manager of the Queensland Bank, with a view of inducing him to discharge a Chinese cook in his employ. The body of Charles Desailiy was recently found at Mount Mulligan, Queensland, with a barbed spear through it, the unfortunate man having been murdered by the blacks. Nearly £120 have been subscribed in Sydney for the testimonial totbe constables who recovered the bodies Gf the Misses Viles, who were recently drowned at Coogee Bay. No fewer than thirty-one pages of last week's Government Gazette are devoted to the publication of the names of lessees in arrear under section 20 of 41 The Land Act, 1869." A son of Mace, the pugilist, was drowned recently in the Thames. The deceased was thirty years of ago, a graduate of the Liver pool Institute, and engaged In mercantile life. During Mr, Anderson's leave of absence, Mr. H.M. Barter, the assistant general traffic manager, an old and experienced officer, will act as traffic manager of the. Victorian Rail ways. A tributor working in the New North Clunes mine named John Hodge sustained a fracture -of his leg on Monday through a truckful of quartz falling from the stopes upon him. The match between tfie Hon. Ivo Bligh's team of English cricketers and the Victorian Eleven was finished ou Monday, the latter gaining a decided victory by an innings and 73 runs. Tim public school te&chors; of New Sonth Wales are about to make an effort to obtain the use of & more suitable reading book, to supersede the old Irish National series now in use. A colonial youth employed in the shop of a blacksmith and wheelwright at Sebastopol, near Ballarat, only Sixteen years of ego, weiH over 1821b., and is close upon 6ft. tfr A hurricane which recently visited Varan, . one of the Friendly Islapds, wrei&ed; a Ton- g&n; Echooner and destroyed a ohuroh and several houses, besides doing other extensive damage. , Herr Johann Strauss, of Vienna, has made provision in a clause of biB will for the found- ation of a hospital for aged musical artists, and has set apart a sum of £80,000 for that purpose. " i A youth named Mangus Johnson, aged seventeen years, whilst employed yarding cattle at Cowie's Cree on Saturday, fell off a horse he was riding, and fractured his right collar bone. West Australia narrowly escaped a bread famine, as prior to the recent arrival of t wo vessels there were not five tons pf fiour in the hands of either Perth or Fremabtle merchants. A medal, commemorative of the great Electrical Exhibition at Paris in 1881, has been struck in France, and presented to all those who contributed to the success of the undertaking. The Prussian Government has resolved to expel the Danish residents from Prussia, on the ground that the Danes refuse to perform military service with the army now stationed in Schleswig. . The late Gusfcave DoiA's ambition was t" make a statue of Shakspere, and only the day before his death he expressed an impa tient desire for speedy recovery that he might set to work on it. | Narey Watson, an aboriginal, of the Colae | district, was an applicant, at the recent Gas- terton land board, for a piece of ground, being the second instance of an aboriginal applying for land. A quantity of dynamite exploded in amino at Gympie on Tuesday. The -explosion was felt several miles off, and steel drills were hurled a great distance, but fortunately nobody was injured. At the Adelaide Criminal Sittings recently his Honour Mr. Justice Boucaut sentenced four larrikins, for assaulting a Chinese hawker, to terms of imprisonment ranging from three to ten years, with whippings. _ Mr. Alexander Ross, the explorer, when on his way from the Macdonnell Ranges, Sonth Australia, recently found th8 bodies of two men who had evidently died from thirst and intense heat at Anna Creek. . William Weysser, while trucking some dirt recently in a drive at the Bietori com pany's claim, Creswiek, struck his head against a cap-piece, causing concussion ofthe brain, from which he has since died. An old colonist asserts that each of the " big floods " of Victoria haB been preceded by a fly nuisance and an ophthalmia epi demic similar to the present, and prophesies that 1883 will be a heavy flood year. Mr. Edward Latham, brewer, of Carlton is building a palatial mansion at Queenscliff at a cost of £10,000, which he intends placing at the disposal of the Bishop of Mclbourneas a sanatorium for invalided clergymen. Mr. J acob Pitman (brother to Isaac Pitman, the author and inventor of phonography), ia at present on a visit to Stawell, having recently returned from a holiday tour through New South Wales and New Zealand. A German medical writer, Dr. W.jEbslein, Weisbaden, asserts that corpulency is caused by too great a quantity of albuminoids and .sweets, and the cure is to diminish these and to increase the quantity of fat in the food. The woman, Mary Ann Lovell, who. stole some jewellery and cheques' to the value of £150 from James Laing, of Eehuca, in Flinders street, Melbourne, last week, has been sentenced to three months' imprison ment. Mr. Williafn Robertson, M.L.A., wha was elected for Polwarth in hie absence, has Bent a telegram from Switzerland thanking his committee and constituents, and stating that he will retnrn to the colony at the mid of April. A native child has been born at T&gavei;, on the Ba Coast, Fiji, which possesses six toes on each foot; Six fingers on the left and seven on the right hand, with three tongues. It is strong and healthy, and likely to survive. A terrible accident occurred recently near Gordon to a man named Frank Parkes Blakes. He was engaged at. a sawmill, when his arm became entangled in the machinery, and was frighfuiiy mutilated, rendering amputation necessary. The Southern railroad depot at Cincinnati gave way on the 13th February, owing to the foundations being undermined by a flopdjf and 100 people were drowned in 30ft. of water, a number of cars falling npon and covering them. Two very large specimens of the pnHfty fungus known as Australian native bread were found in the Bob Roy paddock at Gordons recently, and turned the scale at 161b., being the largest specimens ever found in the colony. A man named Padwick was brought up at the Sale Police-court on Friday on eevpn charges of passing valueless ' cheques. The prisoner pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to imprisonment, amounting in all to two years and a half. Three Roman Catholic bishops are at present on a vis it to Bail&rat; — Dr. Reynolds, of Adelaide ; Dr. Murphy, of Hcbart ; and the Bishop of Bafhurst — on business with re ference to the appointment of a successor to the late Bishop O'Connor. A singular phenomenon was observed at Sydney on the 11th icst. during a thunder storm. A huge ball qf fire appeared in the clouds in the south for upwards of two hours and it occasionally burst forth, sendina shoots of fire in all directions. A valedictory dinner was given to the Hon Ivo Bligb's cricketing team on Tuesday evening, in the pavilion, by the Melbourne Cricket Club. Mr. F. G. Smith, in the absence of -Sir W. J. Clarke, presided, and there was a large attendance. - . At a recent funeral of a woman jsj: John's, New Brunswiok, the pall-bearcrC-wea six women wearing hleok dresses and:Ssjraft? veils and glovesT who carried , this house 'to the hearse, into end :bht chuieh, and loweted it into the gravo,. " -- fixLwreaiKi baadarf maraudmg Apecb it flwfaflulbfllifcti RjwmMMrh Mfonnta'i?, in which the Merieana woe victorious, weBriijBatoii of scalps Undhwe. lb1 DiUon, poUse nmgisirate at the Central ' Pottos comt, Sydney, reeen By nJeued to frequency of petjai? in that court, and »»«« -' fielBBOB k W "« w» fl» Kancfa b&rdiT; S had Du&ed; wbieb he had not heard a eettain amount of perjured evidence. The sub-inspectore of she Education Department have applied to be tsised to the state cf inspectors, as they haTOheenper- fortriiitg work iiind iiom ua higher officers since 187a The elevation will involve an increase of salary amounting to mm. lu wattles along the Great BiptiMwi line between Gampbelltowo and Y«ce some 600 aoon of land have been ploughed and planted at a cost, inclusive of the services of fareet tangos, of £99 15s. ud , and of the pot down. ISO, 000 are growing. A singular breach of promise cafe was reaentij settled in the Supreme Ccart, Sydney, in which the plfotiff eaed the executors cf 9«> late Thomas Gate " for the breech by . fi» in his lifetime to marry she plaintiff." Judgment was given for the defendants. A very interesting experiment has been hM wish the Horse Guards who have re turned from Egypt. They have all bom weight?, and it tains oat that the heavy men have perceptibly lost ffesh, whilst the slight mm have gained ; but toe health of both afossss is reported as excellent. nfrirW William Eafier, one of toe crew of the German warship Hyane, now lying at Brisbane, jumped overboard on Sunday night while mtexxcat&d;, and was drowsed. Two oi toe crew jumped after, him apparently with toe intention of rescuing him, but swam atoore and deserted from the ship. Hundreds of people visit nightly a supposed ghost on toe cuffs near Newcastle, New Sooth . Wales. The phenomenon is in the form sf a human being, which appears on the face oi toe dHI» mores in a strange fashion. Bis supposed to he toe result of phosphoric «r ether gases escaping from a soal seam. The attention of the Department of Mines has been tiliwshd to the value of the Fabian driH for d«ep-inkin£ purposes. it is repre sented tost toi« machine, which is con- shrnfiivd aid much used in Germany, is, in nuaj ruWitr. superior to toe diamond drill, and tost it would be found of groat value in wwb«e pursuits if introduced into this colony. A woman named Gibson, toe wife of e miner, was mi unite toe Northern railway line near Burwood, NJBJW., on Saturday, when she was knocked down by a coal tram, one leg being completely out off. She died soon afterwards. The poor woman was en deavouring to save a child who was in the way of toe train. On toe anniversary of the death of King Timor Emmanuel, a hundred military and piHr1 societies with hands and banners want in proeesrion to toe Pantheon to place wreaths upon to# tomb of the deceased monarch. The corHye numbered between 3 000 and 4,000 parsons, and was headed by the Major cf Borne. A painful aeeidsnfc oumiied to a man named William Bowcber, employed as lander at ths New Chum Consolidated Company, on Saturday morning. He was engaged landing a oage, when he got one of hie hands jammed between the stage mulioch and toe track, and toe top of one of his fingers was torn off, leaving toe brass exposed. The Grafton Begntia cm Saturday was a groat success, the attendance being estimated at from 8,009k 10,000. The champion race bstwam Bish and L&ycock; excited great interest. Iiayeoek won eaaly. It was a splendid race for a mile, hut Laycoek ios- seeded in rowing hie psa down, though Rush posbverad gamely to fbl finish. Mr. Gladstone is ownsr of 2,135 acres of land producing a rental of £4,922 ; kfesaferras Fasti Lord of the Treasury is £5,000 a year, sotiiat his anncalinsome is below £10,000 from these two source?. Earl Derby's yearly income from his landed estates is £170.320 ; Earl Spencer's, £42,219; Earl Kimberiey, £24,993, and Earl Bosebery, £23,979- At the inquest held on Saturday on the body of John Craig, who died from in juries received throngh falling while dismounting from a Colling wood 'bus, toe jury returned a vodict of "accidental death," and added a rider that means tor mounting to, and dis mounting teom, the box-seat of trasses woe not sufficient for the safety of passengers. A black make which has long best toe tern of the family of Mr. Wright, of Gordons, owing to the frequsiey of its visits to the house, was kilted at the waterbole near the premises mi Friday, and measured over aft. in length. The environs of Gordons axe interned with large numbers of reptiles cf toe same species, A well-known member of the New Sjmh Wales Assembly, when recently addressing lii« constituents, asserted that he was not an Hk member of the House, and that during toe last two years he had pet " no leas toan iwt qnrrtifirr to toe Speaks and toe members. What a bignoract old beggar you must be P was toe tesponee from a voice in the crowd. The hot water found in toe deep ground of toe Storage mine on the Cemtiock lode, Nevada (Ajcsska), te betcg utilised Mar tos surface for agricultural purposes. Pipes have been laid down IBin. despin a fifty-acre paddock, toe hot water rousing through to heat toe ground, and garden podoee, efc, is forced os in growth and to xa&tontv; several "t ijMfa in advance ol the ordinary iiwe. The grand annual Moveable Committee of ' toe Miantoerier TJnily Fdomij Soefety qodi- mcoerd its sittings at Geeking on Tuesday, fte address delivered by the retiring grand wwdwr showed that the number of members was annuslly motoring, and that toe wbmbI position of toe : society was pro ILimirrn neast annual gathsting will he hsldat Sandhurst. tortoli proewsion of toe Dnited ili bribte at saigtoch on tuo#r ' uMlitwlL iSK IkieB was t cbti, and waa pmidtotiy jrm ; Dcnae csowds toti ths ooaies, hoosetqps, vorandshs, sheet trees, and every available place from whence a good view was obtainable were eagerly oooapled, And toe toene was one of singular beauty. Another Bompeii has been diseoverad by excarotions made in the neighbourhood of Poifltiero, France,, containing a temple 144 yards in length, by 70 ycrds in breadth, bathe occQpying five acres, a theatre of which toe stage alone measures 90 yards on its longest tides, streets, houses, and other buildings, covering a space of mare than J J acre?. The excavations of this Boman Gallic town, which are being continued, have brought to light | several other edifices, some fin# saalptore, in I good preservation, dating, it is thought, ! from toe second century, and a quantity of I irtrn, brooEe, and earthen articles. ( tutwr ixe1eb. i Mr. Wordsworth, last -arriving son of the j poet, died on 10;ti Fbraar>, iv London, 1 A Chinaman has j-is£ starred a newspaper ; in New York, entitlni ihe Chinese American. Goelhe'fi grandson, Wolfgang von Goethe, died in January, at toe age of sixty-three, at Leipzig. The progress repent of the Education Com mission, it is expected, will be ready is about a fortnight. The great tenor ringer, Tamberlik, who was borne in Borne in 1820, died at Cadiz on Iti February last. Mr. G. S. Tit&radge;, the popular Mel bourne comedian, has arrived in New York, awaiting an engagement. By the withdrawal of Mr. Green from toe contest for North Melbourne, Dr. Bose has been returned without a poll. , A desperate street fizht took place n Scutari os toe 14th February, in which 200 Turks were killed or wounded. Mr. G. D. Carter, late member for St. Hilda was banqueted at the Athenaeum on Monday evening, the Hon. J. G. Frauds presiding. The Harbour Trad is inviting tenders for a steam ferryboat for passenger aud vehicular traffic acroes toe Yazxa, at toe foot of Spencer street. At the sale of California sheep at Sydney on Wednesday, a ewe lamb was purchased by Hesars. M'NkhbB and Bailey ha l,0GO guineas. The farmers are selling out, and clearing away daHy from the Boort district, scarcity of water and a want of grass bring toe causes of depopulation. The HM.S. Australia, with the English mags to 9th February, arrived at Albany on Wednesday evening, and rirould reach Mel bourne on Wednesday next. The teamwsy authorities in Sydney have pUn of swearing in the conductors as constables, so aa to enable them to AJ more effectively with larrikin R. The wgiBft wT"C"ag toe tiwoQgh feain from Maryborough to Melbourne broke down on Thursday evening at Creswick, and toe Mel bourne teain was delayed till a quarter to S o'clock. ob Wednesday morning, Captain John Christie, a well-known master mariner, was found drowned in a msdholest Rxt Adelaide, iT-to which it is supposed Hat he tell in the previous night. News received from Fiji states that the body of toe late chief, Thakombau, Is now lying in state at Ban, and that the official >«w«i ceremony will take place at the beginning of Aprfl- A little girT, aged nine years, named Iatty Edith Allkma, was killed through being run over by a train on Thursday morning whilst attempting to cross toe Brighton line at the TnkwTTOUi sheet gate. A young bimi named Witlism BigaH, of Quamhatobk, had his leg eerioucly fraekored on Wedneadaj by toe aaadntal discharge of a loaded grm he was nuring from a fiombsg to place in & eater porition. Tw Harding known as the Brighton myslery. in which there was surii a dire conflict of medical cfHnion ae to the canse of death, the jury have returned a verdict of suicide white of unsound mind. TheB-M S. Nizam, wife mails, passengers, and cargo, left Hebron's Bay for Iraadon on Thursday. Lord and Lady Chutes Scott, the English professional cricketers, and a number of well-known ookauste frereamosgri the passengers. A fiiJi of solid gold, of the bullion value cf £500, is reported to have been dug up in Ober-Lanritz, the border-land between S&xony; and Silesia. Its surface U said to be incised with mythological figures, wrought after archaic Greek patterns. . The Premier announced the poEej of toe new Government at OasHemaine on Thurs day evening, and obtained a good reception and an attentive hearing. >r. Service was accompanied by several of his colleagues, and other members of Parliament. On Thotsdny a yon«g man named D&vid; Bsyley, a plasterer engaged on a building IB eouise of erection at toe ooroer of Park and Elizabeth etreet?, Sydney, fell from toe seafEridiiig, a distance of . and was Emoash injured, both tegs being ficactiuec. The autuma exhibition of the HoeuoulturaZ Society of Vjefrotis was opened by toe (resi dent, Sir W. F. Stawell, on Thursday, in toe Town-hall. Ths speaal prize of ten guineas, given by Sir W. J. Claxke tor the beet col lection of table gr&pea; wag awarded to Mr. T. SomerriUe, of SteathfieMsaye, near Sand- huret. \ , The tenth annual exhibition of the West : Bsuxke Agricultural Society was held on Thurruay.&t; the dwv-yuds, nesr the Lasqe- fiddlmntiwf, iiia ExceDeccy toe Governor, fikW.J.ChriSr Bryan O'Lobten, and Mesti. Irme, Deekin, and other wril-j known pnblte men being" pceseni. A tooofmg a&ay; ccewted at TownsvBh I Qaeeprfiri, on Thurestey aight w«» i irensed Beard bad doped with the wite of ; another man named Hart, arrived at Tovrasvilte- on Sunday. - Hart followed, met the runaway couple neag toe railway station, j and shot Beard in toe calf of tbs. Hartj wb arrested and remanded. It is stated that all toe partes ooucczued in toe a'r juel 