TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Br AauoDKUS. What may bo termed tbo opening blow of tbo logitimato racing campaign in Victoria was suc cessfully struck at Ciiulliold last Saturday, when tbo scono wa3 of a gratifying character, satisfac- tory aliko to tho promoters of tbo Victoria Ama teur Turf Club ns woll as to thosa who us- somblcd on tho popnlur heath. If tho com plaisant N. It. B, Bond had mado his own terms with tho clerk of the olemcnts ho could not havo bargained for better wcutbor, nnd as for the at tendance, well, no bettor estimate can bo given than to say it was ono of tho largest over known to congregate at tiio head quarters of the V.A.T.C. The Canlfield carnival, therefore, was inaugurated under exceptionally favorable con ditions both as rogards tho weather and attend ance, while it may bo needless to montion that tho bill of faro provided for tho occasion contributed materially to tho enjoyment of tho afternoon's proceedings. Tlio issuo of events was all in favor of tho fielders, who had backers at tho whip throughout, inasmuch as tho day'B operations resulted disastrously to tho supporters of tho favorites. Tho long faces and cqunlly lengthy sottling sheets ohscrvablo at Bowea's and tho Vic torian Club on Monday told plainly of tho losses suffered by tho " punting" division. Hannibal's unexpected triumph in tho Selling Baco initiated tho run of luck which subse quently foil to tho lot of tho "hooks." Egerton was served up warmly by tho Ballarat con tingent, who hacked their horso in tho most genuine manner ; hut tlio favorite was quickly outpaced by tho hero of tho Half Aiilo Cham pionship raco at Hamilton, who was trained and ridden by C. Ivcroy. Qauio mado his re-appear- anco in tho Hurdle Baco after a prolonged retire ment from tho turf, and, notwithstanding that lio carriod top weight, so great was tho conti- doncc roposcd in him by his friends that ho left tbo paddock a much better farorito than Basilisk, next to which pair Bolle Brandon and Avalanche wero tho best supported, dame ran a groat horso undor tho weight, nnd hut for sink ing his run prematurely it was quite on tho cards for Corrigan to scoro anothor win. Aidod by her light impost, Bollo Brandon just managed to sottlo tho favorito in tho last hundred yards, tho others being hopelessly beaten. As Gratitudo was thought to bo superior to Sandal, who had performed so moritoriously at Flcmington on tka previous Saturday, she soon becamo all tho rnga for tho Great Foal Stakes, and was entrusted with a pot of money, '- to I being freely accepted about her at tho close of tho pencilling opera tions. Tho. favorito occupied a prominent posi tion on entering tho straight, bat sho failed to shako off David, who was vigorously ridden by O'Brion, who brought tho outsidor homo an easy winner in front of tho dead hcatots Gratitudo and Sandal. This was quito n windfall for the ring, for tho winnor's namo was never as much as mentioned boeauao of h;s inferior display be hind Bonno Fortuno in tho Sapling Stakes. David is a very compact colt, by Tho Gondolier from Alico Drew, tho dam of Columbus. Al though on tho small sido, ho possesses groat powar, his hack and quartors very much re sembling thoso of his well pcrformod relative Columbus. David's condition (lid not assist him to victory, inasmuch as ho is probably tho most backward colt of tho lot which took part in tho contest, and may reasonably ha expoctcd to appear to still greater alvantago as tho season advances. Following tho decision of tho Foal Stakes thcro was not much timo lost in directing attention to tho Guineas candidates, no fowcr than thirteen of which elected to do battle. As tho hour aiTivod it was a toss up between St. Lavronco nnd fke for tho favoritoship, Delusion, Hurricane nnd Sardins treading closely on thoir heels. Iko had mado considerable improvement in his preparation sinco tbo llnndwick mooting, as also had Delusion, who hehl a well attended loveo. Taurus found no favor in tho paddock, noither did Capri, Quality, Tablctop, Duenna, Failloroo or Nopoan attract any attention com pared with that bestowed upon St. Lawronco, Sardius and "Napier. Like tho majority of tho Glomuses, St. Bnwronco was docidcdly deficient in flesh and musclo, and showed in contrast to Sardius, who prcsontcd a porfoctly trained ap. poaranoo, and was quito tho king of tho pad dock so fur as looks and condition woro con cerned. HoywooJ's pair, St. Lawrcnco nnd Duenna, jumped away with a good lead, the filly making tho pace a cracker to tbo home turn, where St Lawrence looked all over a winner ; but stopping as if shot immediately O'Brien called upon him, iio allowed Sardius, who held a good position throughout, to "easily shako off tho ro. poated challenges of Dclusiou and Iko, the latter coming with a Into run after getting disappointed at tho turn. Sardius finlshod liko a racchorso and was tho loast distressed as tho field passed tho P03t, His owner, as well as tho majority of tho South Australian division, throw in for a good stako by tho victory of the son of Emula tion and lluby. Sardius is a lovol mado colt, built somewhat on tho lines of Commotion, possessing almost tho counterpart quarters of tho Panic horse. Ho is rigged all over liko a stayer,, and notwithstanding that ho ran a fast "milo on Saturday, I think slaying is his/oi-fe rather than brilliancy of pace. Tho fatality attached to previous favorites did not oscapo Fickle in tho Stcoplcckaso, and Mr. W. Glass- -cock's mount was doomed to defeat when least oxpcctcd. After a hand to hand struggle with Recovery, tho favorito appeared to havo tho issuo at his mercy, but fifty yards from homo Banker camo up with an extraordinary rush and won an exciting finish by tho shortest of heads. Itory O'Jforo, who camo from Adclaido with somotkingof aroputation, mado quito an exhi bition of himself and Jfr. Turner at the very first fcnco, whero-tho roguish chestnut balked persistently, and eventually cleared off, rolling himself and rider into a ditch. .Several horses wero backed heavily for tho Toorak Handicap, notably Josopkino, Sparko, Ironmastor, Black Diamond, Ironkand and Bar Ono, and with tho excoption of Ironhand, who was apparently outpaced after going four furlongs, all tho favorites showed prominently at tho finish, Bar Ono finally staying tho longer in tho artistic bands of O'Brien, who brought him homo a comparatively easy winner. Thus torminatcd a very enjoyable day's sport. To-day tho running will ho taken up with re- nowed interest, when it is to bo hoped visitors to Caulficld will ho equally fortunato as regards tho weather. Mr, Barnard has commenced tho Hurdlo Raco hyallottingGamo alb. to moro than ho carried last Saturday, while Hollo Brandon, his victor, has been raised 11 lb. As tho maro appeared to givo tho top weight more than a 0 lb. beating she is to my mind again tho best treated of the two. With n start I would plump unconditionally for Ontario at 10st. 10 lb., bat in viow of tho un certainty attached to his appearance in public to day I fool inclined to soloetLady Hampden list., Avalancho 10 st. 7 lb., Sparko 10 it. 1 lb. and Gambler 9 st 8 lb. Sparko I tako to bo the pick of tho lot, but as ho is among tho acceptors for the Caulficld Cup ho may possibly be reserved for tbo big orcnt, in which case 1 shall elect to stand by AVALANCHE, nnd look to Lady Hampden and Gambler to make a bold bid for placo distinctions. Apart from David, Gratitude, Sandal and Falkirk, very little is known of the respective capabilities of the two-year-olds who havo been classified for tho Nursery Handicap. Garfiold possesses an excellent privato reputation, but seeing that he has been backed to win a big stako in tho Maribyrnong Plato, hi3 owner may not caro about incurring any risk. Brown and Roso is another Now South Wn1c3 representative favorably spoken of, but for my own part I prc- for trusting to performers, and will bo content to abide by the best of Tothill's pair, GRATITUDE or SANDAL,' both of whom arc a cut ubova tho average of tho season's two-year-olds. A monster field may he oxpected at tho post for tho Findon Darriors' Gold Yaso, and without going into any unnecessary pro3 and cons regard ing the respective) capabilities of the candidates I shall at once record my voto in favor of DAYLIGHT, next to whom I fancy Banker. Thcro was a general weeding out in tho Caul ficld Cup last Tuesday, when the original sub scription list of 143 was reduced to 31 acceptors. Despito this reduction tho Gold will bo sufficiently largo in pointof numbers to ensure an open raco, and it may bo takan for granted that there will at least bo 25 runners. Among tho non-acceptors aro several animals who hayo boon consistently supported ovor sinco tho weights appearod, notably Prometheus, Colstoun, Claptrap and Barley Brco; nnd tho victims in oach case will no doubt bonefitby tho sovcro lessonB taught them. Appended is a list from, which will bo soleotodthc PROBABLE STARTERS.' liorso auil Colors. st. Ib. j Jockey. SirModredGliurtan,yenowaIeovcs ) am cap) ..9 fi Huxley The Ocm (blue, black band, blue | cap). .. 9 2 Regan Sardonyx (rod, black cap) .. 9 lPigott Frylugpan (black, white sash aud j cap) .. 8 10 Power Doolka (crimson, crimson and | white cap) s 8 Olds Stockdale (black, whlto sleeves) S 7 Colley Nicholas (all black) J AHales Calms (black, whlto alcoves, | scarlet cap) 8 . 2fM. O'Drion Vatcly (blue, black sash and cap) 8 0.11'Qrado Anglosoy (maroon, maroon ami | silver cap) 3 O Uurphy Footstep (oraugo, btuo tslccros j and cap) 7 13.IIutchinS Jtuluo (blue, crimson sash, blue cap) 7 9I)urton Belmont (brown and rose) .. 7 7.Qough Tho Joker (maroon, maroon and whlto cap) 7 C Cullon Athena (all whlto) 7 3 Lantly Tho Israollto (purple, orange' sleeves and cap) .. .. .,7 3,D. O'Brien Squireen (black and white stripes, j redcap). ..7 3i Walker Dukodom (black, whlto cap) .. 7 3iMooro Sparko (purplo.ccrlse alcoves and | cap .. 7 l.Troy Josephine (black, white sleeves, | black and whlto cap) ., ..6 13-Nlcholaon Kohlnoor (cardinal nnd black I stripes, black cap) .. .. 0 13 Burns Westbury (white, purple sash and cap) 0 lOjMuigravo Kathleen Mavoarnocn (yellow, blue cap) 0 S3 Panders Tho King's Son (yellow, blue ssbIi cap) S ".Davis Norfolk (geranium, gold sash and cap .. .. .. .. ..'0 7.Crackncll In my preliminary digest of tho Caulficld Cup Handicap I called attention to Belmont as boing tho most loniently treated horso in tho race, and advancod very sound arguments in support of my opinion. Belmont'ssuksequentbehaviornt Flom- ington has proved, or at any rato tho watchers havo boon led to boliovo by his repeated performances, morning aftor morning, that tho horso is out of form, and circumstances therefore compel mo to search elsewhere for tho winner. In so doing I am disinclined to couiitenauco tho chance's of the first haU-dozon candidates on tho recently revised list. Calma, 8 st. 2 lb., has accom plished a satisfactory preparation at Caulficld, where his behavior has captivated tho louts for somo timo past. Ha is BUch a won derfully improved animal, and ran such n groat raco in tho samo contest Inst year that ho is ontitlod to tho highest respect j nnd ib is no secret that all connected with tho stable esti mate thoir chanco as second to none. On privato form ho would nppcar to hold Yatoly safe, but will meet a trio of worthy oppononts of his own ago in Anglesoy, 8 st. ; Foot3top, 7 st. 13 lb. ; end Malua, 7 st. 9 Ib. Anglosoy is ono of tho most improving four- year-olds in training, but ho is allotted n few pounds too much to mako mo sweet ou his chanco. Tho Footstep division are extremely confident, especially after tho gallop sho showed Inst Sunday aftcrnpon, which is said to bo of similar morit to that performed by her stable companion The Assyrian last year. Tho latter, however, although ho subsequently showed himsolf good enough to win tho Mel bourne Cup, failed signally at Canlfield, and possibly Footstep may share no hotter luck to-day, albeit there aro pooplo who rcfuso to believe' that sho can bo hoaten, Tho public havo seen hat littlo of Malua sinco ho romped homo for tho Yan Yean Stakes at tho last Flcmington Spring Sleotiug, carrying 7 st. 4 lb. and running his milo in 1 min. 45 see. He showed a fino dash of spocd on tho occasion ro- forrcd to, and if he can only manago to negotiate the extra distanca ho must possess a big look in, moro particularly if tho stablo solcct him in pre ference to Sparko, who ran so well last Saturday. Tho Joker, Waxlight, Squireen, Dukedom, Fro- digal, Westbury, and King's Son aro, I fancy, outclassed in tho present company, and I prefer Josephine and Norfolk to any of tho others, Tho first named has a stone less than sho carriod last Saturday, and on that form sho mnBt possess a rare chanco of distinguishing horself ; in fact, I don't know in what quarter to look for a moro likely winner, and am therefore inclined to plump outright for JOSEPHINE, with n recommendation in favor of Calma and Norfolk for places. I don't anticipate that tho field for tho Steeple chase will ho a very largo one, though no doubt thcro will ho a sufficient number of starters to guarantee a good raco. Tho winner will, I fancy, como from tho top weights, of which I liko nothing better than CLANSMAN, who may possibly bo pushed by General Jackson. The six furlongs scramble for tho Windsor Handicap is certain to givo riso to a good deal of spiritod speculation, and in tho ovent of tho Btablo monoy being entrusted to IRON HAND I fully expect to sco him mako reparation for tho disappointment he occasioned last Saturday. Our Caulficld special, who has been on diligent duty for somo weeks past, gives bis opinions as follows upon the chances of tho " homo " trained liorsos, who aro oxpcctcd to tako part in this afternoon's proceedings. Ho writes thus : — " Having during tho past few weeks dovoted a considerable amount of attention to tho obBor. vanco of what has been going on at CaulGcld, commencing the daily study at that hoar when old Sol begins to dispel night's dark shadow, I am called upon to knock into shape tho summary of my deductions, and have therefore to express tho following opinion respecting the probable re sults' of to-day's racing. The second Hurdlo Raco ought to produce a great finish, for half a dozen well treated animals can bo solectoJ, but with Batty's assistance I prefer Ayalancjik to anything. Tho Nursery Handicap field will probably bo reduced to a dozen or so, and should Mr. Davis elect to star David I cannot seo that oven 9 st. '3 lb. should stop him, for O'Brien conld certainly havo beaten his field another three lengths, if neces sary, iu tho Foal Stakes, and tho compact half brother to Columbus is not of tho stamp to bo inconvenienced by the additional furlong. In tho Findon Harriers' Gold Vaso tho only Canl- fieid trained horse that I seo is Baronet, and I fear that even Mr. Connolly's care has . not yot counteracted the ill effects of Mr. T. Watson's barebacked experiments on tho big chestnut, whom I oxpoct to soo beaten.. Calma, Norfolk and Yatcly represent tho local Btahlea in tho Caulficld Cup, and a capital good trio thoy form. They have done good work, but Yatelytxs recently lest my confidence through the way in which ho blows after a strong gallop; and although Norfolk is an undoubted galloper of groat ability, aud will probably havo tho as sistance of thatr.'inco of light weigh Is, Crack- noil, I havo an idea that although he may run a great raco tho-last furlong will touch a weak spot, and for this reason I prefer the favorite oven at tho difference in weight. No horso was over more carefully prepared for a big raco than Calma has been by Phil. Heywood, and his pre- sent condition reflects tho greatest credit on so young a trainer. Without being in the least overdone, tho son of Yattendon is as fit ns can he, and I tako it that O'Brien's assistance takc3 about 4 Ib. off his handicap, for, irrespective of his acknowlodgo'l proficiency as a horseman, tho crackCaulfield jockey knows ovcry post and corner of tho courso as well as ho docs his own bedroom, and notwithstanding there may ho comparatively little kudos in tipping a favorite, I cannot shut my eyes to tbo conviction that Mr. Wallace has a groat chanco of rovorsing his usual bad luck in big ovents, and will probably win with Cams. Mr. Pearson's horso TnUMPEiKH has been doing good enough work to givo him a look into tho Steoplechaso with 11 st. 12 lb., at which weight the big horso is. I think, well treated. Black Jackot, who is also trainad at CaulGold, iu (to judgo from tho slow work ho has been doing) wanted for something later on, and Speculator I don't caro for oven with his minimum weight. Liddixutox is in fino form, and ought to win tho Windsor Handicap if ho goes. An individual who represented himself as F. W. Wright, but who is supposed to bo known by sorcral other aliases, was expelled tho pad dock at Caulficld last Saturday for tutting with out a licence. Ho became a trifio obstinato on boing remonstrated with, and it took a couplq_of policemen and the club's privato dctoetivo to escort "Mr. Wright" out of tho enclosure. That gentleman fools highly indignant at thomannor in which ho has bcon treated, and has signified his Intontton of Instituting an notion at law against tho club, claiming damages to the extent) of £1000. It appears that ' Mr. Wright," whosa turf credentials aro not clearly authenticated,' obtained permission to hot at Flomingtou at tho Hunt Club meeting, nnd that tho V.R,C. has - sinco endeavored to recall his licoaco. Both tho Flcmington and Caulficld trainers havo been delighting tho touts for somo dajH past. On Sunday last Mr. C. It, M'Donnld gainod a march on tho touting fraternity, how ever, and sent Footstep and First Water a quiet go while tho watehors wero attonding to their ' Sabbath devotions. Tho spin is said to hava been of a satisfactory natnro, and on Monday tho chestnut maro speedily becamo as good a favorito as Cutma for tho Caulficld' Cup. Shortly' after tbo Caulficld courso was deserted on Satur day Norfolk was sent a milo and a half bare- footo'l, accompanied by Sting and Pollio. Tho ' first named had tlio best ot it for a milo, but he then tired and was apparently beaten by both his attendants, Sting finishinginthe van. The murder (?) was evidently : not out that evening, for on tho strength, of Bar One's victory in tho Toorak Handicap Norfolk was supported heavily up to 100's ta 7, Ho suffered a rclapso on Monday, however,' and was driven to 100 to 3, On Tuesday morn ing Norfolk performed in different fashion to what ho did on Saturday, clearing out Poliio and Bar One, and compassing tho milo and a half ia 2 min. 49 soe. with Ills shoes. It is a difficult matter to reconcile tho two gallops, but as th9 horse now travels well in the market there cannot bo much amiss with his chance. At Flemington Archio has been creating all sorts of sensations. Last Saturday I recorded a fast milo ho accomplishod on tho previous day, and oa Saturday morning ho ran another startling mila and a half, tho round boing done in 2 min. 30 see., the fastest of tho soason, with Belmont and - Tho Drummer in hopeless distress behind tho Derby favorito. On Tuesday Archio performed another sensational gallop in company with Tho Gem, who could only keep him company for half . a milo, whon the eracl: drew out and again com pleted the round in 2 min. 39 see. Several horses havo tried similar feats, but the only horso who has approached Archio's performances aro Si, -nor- and Stockdalo, who ran round the ground in 2 min. 31J sec. on Tuesday morning. Our Adelaide correspondent informs us by ! wire that a test case was hoard in tho eity police court on Monday last, to ascertain whether tho recently passed Totalisator Repeal Bill, which, iu the socond clauso, prohibits all gamb ling without reference to tho totalisator, could . not bo used to stop wagoring on. tho machine. Tho chargo was brought against E. M. Bagot, . and dismissed by Mr. Boddome, who held that the totalisator wa3 legal till 30th June of next year. An appeal will bo made to tho local court. Mr. W. S. Cox has received capital entries for his next mooting to be held at Mconeo Valley on Saturday next. Fifteen two-year-olds havo been nominated for the Ngarveno Handicap ; the Moonce Ponds Cup has closod with 17 entries, and tho Phcenix Handicap with 29. Fifteen horses havo been named for the Steoplcehnss, tbo race for which is likely to form ono of the principal attractions of tho afternoon. : Tho Kynston people have decided to hold their usual race meeting on St. Patrick's Day. The three-year-old Milporinka fell and in- ' jurcd himself so severely a few days ago as to i cause his imiucdiato destroyal. He was engaged in the Melbourne Cup, and trained by Morris Griffin at Brighton. 1 Among tho list of horses left in tbo CaulGold appears the name of Gloncoo, 7 st. 8 lb., wka I lmiis from Queensland. As we have heard no-" thing concerning his arrival, I presume his namo i has keen left in by error. ; . The Marquis broke down badly in tho Geld : Vase last Saturday, and Mr. Miller has decided upon giving his old favorito a spell. " On "Wednesday lost J. Hill arrived from Ade laide in chargo of The Brokor, Dirk Hattcraiek, Brigand and Bob Cooper. " The South Australian filly, Holene, is slowly- recovering from tbo sevoro cold which sho con-. > traded on tho voyage from Adelaide, and Tothlll , hopes to bring her round in time to mako a good , fight for the Maribyrnong. Plate. .' . Tho following are tho latest arrivals at Fleming- ton, namely, M. Fenne'ly, with Martinl-Honry, ' Despot, Bluo and White, Bargo and Ioianthe ; T. Lamond, with Buckingham, Kingsdaio and Albury ; H. Raynor, with Swoct William and . Wallangra; M. Scott, with Forest King, the ; steeplechaser ; Allsopp, with King's Own and She Alodrod.. j : Artful Joe, who fell in the Hnrdlo Raco at . Caulficld lust Saturday, succumbed to tho in- . juries on the way homo to his stablo. In tho list of tho Bondigo Jockoy Club entries published last wook Lubra was accidentally omitted from tho Trotting Raco. t Tho Castcrton folks have decided to hold a ; meeting on tho 21st December in adilitiou to tha , usual meeting on Now Year's Day. The Morooptia Racing Club has decided to hold a mooting on New Ycar'B Day. Messrs. Weofces and Baldock aro reported to havo lost over 140 horses by tho last trip of tha ; Nowcomon to India. The Ghost and Mistaken ' are supposed to bo included among tho 53 lost . bolonging to Mr. E. Wcokes. As all horses shipped to India aro only insured against total 5 loss, tho regrettable occurrence will fall heavily : upon Messrs. Baldock and Wockes. The horses j shipped by Messrs. Cavanagh and Warner by tho : ficgna, Ccdric tho Saxon and Glinmorrcn are ro ported to havo arrived in safety. 1 Mr. B. K. Maitland has okco moro arrived in - India, and on tho second day's racing at Poena, undertook tho duty of starter during part of tho day. Whi!o on Indian topics, I may mention that an "" Indian contemporary who has always mado a ; practice of crying out against tho high prices' charged for wnlers by tho importers in Cal cutta, has now, in consequonco of tho receipt ot . n letter from a Mr. M'Lood, who i3 at present in Victoria, scored round, and says that horses : can ho bought cheaper in Calcutta than in tho . colonies. Colstoun has thrown a splint, and has boen regaled to a spell in consequence. ' Dm Robinson huB added to his string at CttnK field ft brown tbrco-year-old called The Boadlo, by Oliver Twist— Memory. Sir W. J. Olarko baa been unlortunato cttougb to loso his foal colt, by Angler— Potrca, who recently became staked. The following extract from tho -Straits Times, published at Singapore on tho 6th ult., will bo talorosting to tboso among our readers who care to know what people outside our shores think of our horses " Tho great raffle for the racers from Sydnoy camo off on Saturday aftornoon at Euimoreon's. The throwing was vory low, tho winning figure for tho first prize being 15 by (Messrs. C. P. Adams and Y. D. Ross, sen,, who cboso Constantino as their prize. Tho noxt throw was "44," by Mr. C. Sugdon, who chose Gamin, tho young brown horse. For tho lowest tlicro was a tie between Messrs. John Graham, D. Maw, Mr. llolloy and another ; the former refusing 250 dol. for their throw, and in throwing off", won tho horso, which, after tho choicoof the other two winners, was Ingoniar, tho handsome chestnut," which,, wo under stand, has been loft with Abrams for sale." Horses from Western Australia also appear to bo in request in Anglo-China for the Straits Times reports that on 4th ult. 40 horses that had arrived from Cossack, Wcstorn ' Australia, had been sold by Messrs. Powell and Co., of Singapore, at an average of 150.60 dol. which is about £27 10s. in English money. When it is considero! that Capo horso3 —animals that havo over hold a high reputation — can bo bought for £15 and £20, tho prico fetched by tho Australian articlo in China is somothing to be prond about. 