Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XXII.— (Continued.) BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; IN the morning Donal heard from Simmons that the earl was very ill indeed—could not raise his head. "The way he do moan and cry," said Sim- mom, "you would think either sure he was out of his mind, or had something heavy upon it! But, all the years I have known him, every now and then he has been like that, then back to his old self again, little the worse for it." Towards the close of morning school, just as Donal was beginning; to give Davie his lessen in religion, as Davie called it, Lady Arctura entered the schoolroom, and sat down Jbeside Davie ; and Donal, in what he said to Davie, had therefore a special regard to the lady. " What would you think of me, Davie," he took occasion to ask, "if I were very angry with you because you did not know something I had novor taught you." Davy only laughed. It was to him a gro tesque, an impossible, supposition. " Suppose," Donal resumed, ' I were to show you a proposition in Euclid, which you had never seen before, and were to say to you, ' Now. Davie, this is one of the most beautiful of all Euclid's propositions, and I desire you will * The sole right of publication in Queensland'of **Donal Grant" has beon purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. immediately admire it in itself, and admire Euclid for putting it so beautifully and clearly before us;' what could you say to that ?" Davie thought and looked puzzled. " You wouldn't do that, sir! I know you wouldn't," he said after a moment. "Why should I not?" " It ißn't your way, sir.' " But suppose I were to take that way?" " I should think you were not like yourself, sir." " Tell me then why you would think me not like myself. Think." " Because you would not be reasonable." " What would you say to me ?" " I should say, ' Please, sir, lot me learn the proposition first, and then I shall be able to admire it. I don't know it yet.'" " Very good. Now again, suppose, when you tried to learn it, you were not able to do so. and therefore could see no beauty in it, would I not blame you ?" " No, sir; I am sure you would not—because I should not be to blame, and it would not be fair; and you never do what is not fair!" "I am glad you think so. I try to be fair. That looks as if you believed in me, Davie ?" " Of course I do, sir!" "WhyV" "Just because you are fair." "But I might blame you, Davie, if you did not understand the proposition." " Yes, if I did not try hard to learn it." "Suppose, Davie, I said to you, 'Here is a very beautiful thing I should like you to learn,' and you said to me, ' I don't think it is very beautiful.'" "It would be very rude. But you know I could not do that!" "Why not?" " Because I believe in you." " Suppose, then, you had begun and partly learned it, and one day you said to me, ' I don't Bee anything beautiful in this. lam afraid I never shall !* Would that be to believe in me ?" " No, surely, sir, for you know best what I am able to do. " Suppose you were to say. ' I daresay it is all as good as you say, but I don't caro to take so much trouble about it;' what would that be?" " A want of faith in you, sir. You would not want me to learn a thing that was not worth my trouble, or a thing I should not be glad of knowing when I did know it." "Suppose you were to say to me, 'Sir, I don't doubt what you tell me about this or that, but I am so tired of the whole thing I don't mean to do anything more you tell im?—could you then be said to believe in me V" " No; not fairly. I might just believe your word, but it would not be to trust you. It would be to think my thinks better than your thipks, and that would be to put no faith at all in you." Davie had at times a curiously childish way of saying things. "Suppose you were to say nothing, but go away and do nothing of what I told you to do —what would that be V "It would be worse and worse, for it would be sneaking." " One question more : What is faith—the big faith, I mean—not the little faith that thinks you speak the truth—the big faith that we put in one above us?" "To go at once and do the thing he tells us." " If you don't, then you haven't faith in him?" " No; certainly not" " But might not that be his fault?" "Yes—if he was not good; if I could not trust him; if he said I was to do one kind of thing, and did another himself, then of course I could not have faith in him." " And yet you might feel you must do what he told you!" " Yes ; but not from faith in him." " Would you always do what he told you ?" "No, not if he told me to do what it would be wrong to do." "Now tell me, Davie, what is the biggest faith of all—the faith to put in the one only thoroughly good person." "You mean God, Mr. Grant?" " Whom else could I mean ?" " You might mean Jesus." " They are all one there; for they mean always the same thing, do always the same thing, always agree. There is only one thing the one does that the other never does ; they do not love the same person." "What do you mean Mr. Grant?" inter rupted Arctura; she had been listening in tently, and now' first imagined the cloven foot of Mr. Grant's heresy about to appear. " I mean this," said Donal, with a smile that seemed to Arctura such a light as she had never seen on human face, for it rose from no fount of mere human gladness, but from the more human gladness that is only to be found in God. " I mean that God loves Jesus, not God; and Jesus loves God, not Jesus. We love one another, not ourselves—don't we, Davie?" "You do, Mr. Grant," answered Davie, modestly. "Now tell me, Davie, what is the great big faith of all that we have to put in the Father of us, who is as good not only as thought can think, but as good as heart can wish—in finitely better than anybody but Jesus Christ can think—what is the faith to put in him?" " Oh, it is everything!" answered Davie. " But what first?" asked Donal. " First it is to do what He tells us." " Yes, Davie; it is to learn His problems by going and doing them, not trying to understand them first, or doing anything else whatever with them first than obeying thorn. We spread out our arms to Him as a child does to his mother when he wants her to take him; then when He sets us down, saying, ' Go and do this or that,' we make all the haste in us to go and do it. And if ever we get hungry to see God we must look at His picture." "Where is that, sir?" " Ah, Davie, Davie! don't you know that yet? Don't you know that, besides being him self, and just because he is himself, Jesus is the living picture of God ?" " I know, sir! We have to go and read about Him in the book." "But may I ask you a question, Mr. Grant ?" said Arctura. "With all my heart," answered DonaL "I only hope I may be able to answer it." " When we read about Jesus we have to draw for ourselves the likeness of Jesus from words, and you know what kind of a likeness the best artist would make that way, who had never seen with his own eyes the person whose por trait he had to paint!" " I understand you quite," returned DonaL " Some go to other men to draw it for them ; and some go to others to tell them what they are^ to draw for themselves—thus getting all their blunders in addition to those they must jnake for themselves. But the nearest likeness you can see of Him is the one drawn by your uelf from thinking about Him while you do what Ho tells you. No other is of any vital use to you. And just here comes In the great promise He made, in itself true, and a law of God, else it could not have been a promise of Jesus—jußt as no scripture is of private inter pretation, but is a principle that applies to all. If God were not in us »t all, we should see nothing at all of His likeness. And He has promised to come Himself into our hearts, to give us His spirit, the very presence of His soul to our souls, talking in language that cannot be uttered because it is too great and strong and fine for any words of ours. So will Ho be much nearer to ns than even His personal presence to us would be; and so we shall see Him and be able to draw for ourselves the likeness of God. But first of all, and before everything else, mind, Davie, obedience !" " Yes, Mr. Grant; I know," said Davie. "Then off with you to the games God has given you." " I'm going to fly my kite, Mr. Grant." " Do. God likes to see you fly your kite. Don't forget it is all in His March wind it flies. It could not go up a foot but for that." Davie went, but Arctura did not fellow him. "You have heard that my uncle is very poorly to-day?" she said. " I have. Poor man!" paid Donal. "He is in a very peculiar condition." "Of body and mind both, I should think. He greatly perplexes me." "You would be quite as much perplexed even if you had known him so long as I have ; never since ray father's death, which seems a century ago, have I felt safe; and never in my uncle's presence at ease. I seem not to get any nearer to him as the weeks go past! And do you know, Mr. Grant, it seems to me that the cause of all discomfort and strife is never that we are too near others, but that we are not near enough." This was a remark after Donal's own heart. " I understand you," he aaid, " and entirely agree with you." " I never feel that my uncle cares a straw for me except as one or the family, and the possessor of its chief property. He might have liked me better, perhaps, if I had been depen dent on him, instead of he in a measure on me; it sounds very horrid, but one gets compelled to look some things in the face." " How long will he bo your guardian ?" asked Donal. "Heis no longer ray guardian legally. The time set by ray father's will was over last month. lam three-and-twenty, and my own mistress. But of course my father's brother is welcome to live in ray house as long as he pleases. It is much better for me too to have the head of the house to protect me. I only wish he were a little more like other people. But this is not what I wanted to talk to you of. Tell me about the ghost-music: we had not time to talk about it last night!" " I got pretty near, at least so it seemed, to the place it came from. The wind blew so, and it was so dark, that I could do nothing more then." " But you will try again on the first oppor tunity?" "I will not wait for one." "But I shall be rather sorry, to tell the truth, if you find out it has indeed a natural cause." "For that matter, ray lady, how can there be any other than a natural cause ? A cause is either a natural—so a rational—cause, or it is only a pseudo-cause—that is, no cause at all. God and Nature are one. God is the causing Nature. I should be sorry to take my measure of the rational or natural from the judgment of those who in any way deny Him. The truth is the only thirig worth having; and, if there were anything more beautiful than the truth in the imagination of man, we might be sure that either It was, or had been, and would be again, or had only been sent to man first, perhaps through him to be realised. You may nave remarked that the music is heard only in stormy nights, or at least nights when a good deal of wind is blowing?" " I have heard it in the daytime." " But on a windy day?" "When you mention it, I think so. lam at least certain I never heard it on a still summer night." " Do you think it comes in all storms ?" " I think not But what of that ?" " That perhaps it has something to do not merely with the wind but with the direction of the wind." " I cannot say you enlighten me much." " Might not that account for the uncertainty of its times and seasons? The instrument might bo a fixed and accessible one, yet the opportunity of investigation so rare that its immediate converse with the operative power had never been observed. It is a case, as you see, in which experiment is not permitted us; we cannot make a wind blow when we will, neither can we vary the direction of the wind, blowing where it lists; observation alone is left us, and that of course can only be at such times as the wind blows and tho sound is heard." "Then how can you do anything till such another wind comes and sets the music going?" "Last night I got so near the place whence the sounds seemed to come that I think now the eye may supplement the ear, and .come upon the music-bird silent on her nest." " What if you find nothing?" "Something there may be for all that. I may even find the wrong thing, and yet the right thing be there. If the wind falls, as I think it will by the time school is over in the afternoon, I will go again and see what I can find. One thing I noticed last night, that the sound came first at a sudden change of the wind—towards the south-east, I think—a less usual quarter for i( to come from. It was blowing in a wild way about the house last night." Lady Arctura's eyes opened wide. " I think," she said, " the wind has some thing to do with my uncle's worst fits. Do you mean there was anything very strange about it last night ? When the wind blows so angrily, those words always come to me-' The prince of the power of the air, the spirit that works in the children of disobedience.'" " I do not know what that means," answered Donal; "but I suspect it has nothing to do with things of the sort I suppose the epithet involves a symbol of the difference between the wind of God that inspires the spiritual true self of man, and the wind of the world that works by thousands of impulses and influences in the lower, the selfish, self of children that will not obey. L will look at the passage and see what I can make out of it Only the spiritual and the natural blend so that we may one day be asttotustasd.. Would you like to join the search, my lady ?" " You don't mean go on the roof ? Should I be able?" "I would not have you go in the night, with the wind blowing," said Donal with a laugh, " but you can at least look out and see, and judge for yourself. I could make it quite easy for you. When I tell you I mean to take Davie with mo, you may think I do not count it very dangerous 1" " But will it be safe enough for Davie?" " I can venture more with Davie than with another, because he obeys in a moment." " I will promise to obey too if you will take me," said Arctura. " Then bo at the schoolroom at 4 o'clock, my lady. But we will not go except the wind be fallen." " All right!" said Arctura, who, as soon as she heard that Davie would be of the party, was as ready to go as Davie himself. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 