THE ESSAYIST. RECEPTIVITY. ' The receptive and dependent mind of woman." —HI615B0TUAK. "I think" (Baid once a brilliant lover of paradox)'' that I should not greatly object to be a woman. For they believe nothing that they do not like." I share not the cynicism of my friend, for very welcome news, unex pected, is sometimes doubted as being "too good to be true." But a tendency to enlarge the sphere of beliefs, and to welcome new ideas, is perhaps very mucb a matter of tem perament It is incidental to well-informed minds, perhaps more so than to the ignorant The foolharainess of the unfortunate Cap tain Webb might, at first, seem to medio crities, who were personal strangers to him. and also without information, concerning his previous feats, absolutely incredible But, to intimate friends, it would present it self as so probable ss scarcely to need more than the usual proofs. What this intimate knowledge and ample information is to the friend and observer, imagination, sympathy, and enthusiasm often are to impulsive tem peraments. Joy-fraught news may, at first, seem " too good to be true," but such seem ing always tends to quicken inquiry and analy sis a sense of the value of the news makes apathy impossible. Incredulity is not neces sarily the child of discernment. But, neither is credulity. I venture to present to the candid inquirer a new phase, between the two, which I call " beceptivitt." When Johnson was sangunely told by bis friend that we have- ample evidence of a future life, heanBwered, more gently than he was wont, "I would like to have more." In accordance with such desires he welcomed with a grave interest and respect,- beyond (perhapdj their merits, every ghost story and quasi- supernatural rumour or tradition that came into his way. But he lost not bis mental balance. In the highlands of Scot land he investigated the question of second sight, by some believed, by others derided. He " took the evidence" on both sides. What was his ultimate judgment? " I could not exalt my curiosity, to conviction, but came awayonly vnUingto believe." , A large-minded man, whose meditations, , experiences, and temperament combine to lead him to attach to certain theories an im portance which oolder natures cannot under stand, may investigate with an appreciative tirit the proofs, or even the moral proba hties, of «uch theories, which he (secretly) •omeeases, wishes to be brae. But be • -or sullies his can . Johnson, that, how notable to " believe." asther. permeating all all the planets and e subject of one of in the right of several modem sons of scienoe. Hitchtoc^ the Ameriom professor, has material of tne future organised .immortal " toe^ofeL undulatory theory of Ugh1 I prrim the^fi^Mjtoe^'my rmratiop to briief. "" * to j»e theory a , postpone the assertion of It as res PXodrs. Whewetl thought h^ly^ which he admitted there appears "consider able moral evidence" but there he stops. The warm imagination of the sanguine Brewster embraced with confiding enthu siasm the hypothesis that the planets are peopled with sentient organised beings, similar, or perhaps equal, to ourselves. He pushes bis theory farther than I have the hardihood to write, or my reader the gentle ness to pardon. He calls his theory " the hope of the Christian," and even seems to imagine a Calvary in J upiter. Whewell, with far superior dialectical powers, took the field against him. contending that " the orbit of our planet is the temperate zone of the universe"—that Mars is too damp and Venus too hot for man, or for a being like him— that, granting them to be in habited in the sense that every leaf is, we lack evidence of the creation or of the arrival of the unique—of the youngest of mere animals, and their lord—that we know of no " fall," therefore, no need of a Redeemer in them, that the specific gravity varies, that Jupiter revels in a Hood of light that supposes an amount of electricity difficult for us to conceive or endure — in Bhort, Whewell dissects and dispels the gorgeous dream. Brewster's sensibility was wounded. His reply " faintly tinkled on the brazen shield " of his critic, like the javelin of poor old Priam on that of young Pyrrhus, in the second book of Virgil's AIneid. My heart was with Sir David Brewster—was, and still is. So, I believe, was that of many, very many scholars, scientists, and thinkers. But, we were obliged to own that Whewell re mained master of the field. London Punch teased Sir David still more, by some humorous nonsense— •' Says Brewster to Whewell Let's fight a star-duel. Says Whewell to Brewster You stupid old rooster," &c.; I do not deem sir David Brewster the ex ception, but rather the rule. It is not easy to keep one's equanimity when an opponent drives his war chariot through our long tended pleasaunce. Our temperaments, imagination, and associations have, how ever unconsciously, so large a share in the advanced growth of receptivity into belief that we are apt to feel contradiction as a personal injury. The ingenious Cerimon wonders how any one can aoubt that Bacon wrote the plays attributed to the manager of the Globe Theatre, a wonder shared by the late no less gifted Marcus Clarke, who scornfully derided my modest query, " How could he, who was proud of having written ' Atalantis,' be ashamed of the authorship of 'Hamlet' and 'Macbeth?'" And' coulaBen Jonson, who worshipped the chancellor and sneered at, perhaps envied, the lessee of the Globe, be ignorant of laurels that could eclipse even the glories of Gorhambury, which he has so floridly extolled." Yet, Buch exacting impatience of any dis sent from our pet theories is certainly un philosophical. For, this spirit of receptivity, this quick sympathy with moral evidence, this appreciation of coincidences and con grnities, is not given to all, nay, is given to barely one in twenty, and we have no right to expect it from the general mass. "Cast not your pearls before swine." Wait, till you can nave "grounds more relative." Learn to stop short at reception—to say, " I can believe such and such on any, the most moderate evidence, but truth compels me to own that, as yet, I see not any." To some women is given an inward per suasion, resembling an instinct, of some truth or fact that harmonises with their feelings and their wishes. " It is so, because I know it is." And they often persuade us. Why? Because we are led into drawing the con clusion that they are influenced by a tine minute chain of induction, not the less vivid in its results, though of unconscious process. Then we are prone to credit them with solid reasons, which we take for granted that they have good motives to conceal. But when we oppose to their " 1 know better ; don't tell me, arguments, facte, vouchers, dates, authorities, geographical or ^chronological, &c.;—we lose our labour, and they .their tem per. Their receptivity feeding on moral pro bability soon ripens into belief, and belief mellows into certainty. Let us cultivate a receptive and indepen dent mind, checking the (sometimes too easy) descent of receptivity into belief, yet be ever firmly just in resisting the perhaps too hasty prejudice that would refuse to the subject-matter fair play. Such a habit of mind may serve as a break water against many an unreasoning hatred or capricious diBlike. It can lead us to look at an enemy, and not to turn away from him, to control and to suppress our jarred tastes and our wounded feelings, and to admit his redeeming qualities and possible uses. We have, I admit, a right to protect ourselves, and our tastes and thoughts are certainly our own, but even the most unpresentable per eon may not have been created in vain. Ray, the mellowing hand of time, guiding the onward car of experience, may, one day, re ward our early self-denying receptivity by crowning it as the handmaiden of justice and the forerunner of truth. Dr. Moorhouse gave utterance to a pithy nr>«l pregnant sentence when he said—" There are some subjects on which a Bane and pru dent mind will be perfectly content to hare no opinion at alt," We may have statistical information, either arranged on our shelves or printed in our brains, as to the history ot the period, so as to know the difference be tween a Buddhist and a Jew, or between a ] Baptist and a Plymouth Brother, &c.; But on the almost endless variety of theories and. opinions and hypotheses, religious, political, moral, social, and physiological, that float about the world, a plain .man is no wise tailed upon to sit in judgment or to obey the call Under which king, IBezonian, speak." He may be informed, pr instructed that Swedenbourg adopted one theory of the future me, and Abraham Tucker another^ and Henry Fielding ! a third: that Tickell believed in the proba bility that his friend Addison was flying about universal space as " a winged virtue; , but while he " receives "'all these (or perhaps : more), and, free from bile or batted, ap preciates their several merits and ingenuities, iSuch, then, k receptivity. Information with out dependence, appreciation without sur render, and discernment without injustice. Thus I have endeavoured to sketch we solid and abiding grpunds for our cultivation of reoeptivity as an element in toe construc tion of our moral being, our love of truth and justice. Thereare, however, other and widening circles perhaps inferior, yetfartrom I valueless. These I can but tgieny indicate. The woodman or faro-labourer has but scant appreciation of scenery or landscape, the fisherman is not "alive to the poetry of toe wave. Without an appreciative, and recep fire spirit in the tefined fend leisurely wwi, dullwere toechQibastaiigslleryof sculptureor of pointing, and Nature herself, grove, andteeming valley, has scattered her magmficsnoe m vsin. And ;toe pleasures and lessons olpoetey and fiction I minds; unable^to concave;how^ofV knowingAt to be must be fact, or it is worthless; and per haps more controversy has arisen from this slender source than from any other. It is receptivity that deduces the lesson, and enshrines the idea without believing the literal fact. What less probable than Shak speare's plots 1 Yet we cheerfully surrender ourselves to the glamour of the Forest of Ardennes, to Rosalind and Touchstone. We glide over the improbability of the keen witted Maria failing to detect Viola, and Mai volio, Mercutio, and Benedick are household realities. " Ever thy phantoms arise before us, Our loftier brothers, but one in bloiod." These collateral branches of an interesting subject might, perhaps, fill another essay. But I prefer to commit their development to the meditation of the thoughtfnl reader. ■'The page of Tacitus"t(saya Montesquieu) '' is brief. He abridged and condensed what soever he delineated, because he saw every thing so thoroughly." 