J&onjtfUcr.; THE HERMIT OF THE ROCK: A Tale of Landlordism in Tipperary. BY M UK. ,T. RATH. I EC, Al'Til OK. OF’ " SEW 1, LOUTS,” “ BRAKES AND 1’I.A N AO ANN," " WII.IDK 15 0 1! K E,” “ l:KI) HAND OF ULSTKIi.” KIV. CHAl'TIfilt m. 1!' \\!> Sl'AI’V THK P'l'^P.. Tin- neat iJuv heiny Ad Samis’ J)av— 11<>H;i 11-v i. Ji- (lav amonysi, fbe ) ,-ish pcasaiu ry— was. <il c()iirs‘“. a 11<>ii<J;> v ol nhuyai ion, Tin; La'Ay w"be *s mm nioy rose vicar and cold. ’1 dlo Jl H "1(1 Ol |OC p.'evh Ills ni'bd had dr!cd up ioc clammy imp be and towards moriim y a swan ! - o .-d noyau ,n windm die hare In own pa.-, m is and s i a : idle liidos y 1 v in y the li 1 i'"": i we ' ad Mai i m e) id' die iw i ap proach ol' \y! a Tim led liydt of the dawn wa- jo-l a npea ■ my over tin; K'donyh hoiyhis ciMwa-ii udicn old Ih'van Ciilleanu miyhl he ... wen h s Iioiiicwai I wav from die ( aped w iu.Mc he had j(Pt lica/d Mass, d "i ip a h otic oi iiic liv-s-e I'las lcaibny dll 1 roll! Pm IIIP.MI .si i re. i of ('asln'b Tim old luan was a'liiic. as usual, ;unl as he paced with shoe aie; i!uec'oa1 o si!■ |is the roeyh pavement id' die old bnmeyh. Ids ln-ad and shmildev 111 ■ n 1 -li'didy forwaad. and his ham Is cr":s-. ed in dia, wo'Sis in da: loose sleeves of his c i';, i -1 ■ and faded hiowu coa.i — <il tnat mike I; ■ i ■ i u ;i hi (in- in in I parts u;‘ | re land as a ' ley emit'’—with a hope cane, naiimlv. nnd a miiuU collar U'niiny ovor it— his sli i’-p and cable'' wasicd feadl'cs com posed and limn dp i"id, and Ids nrcy. sunken eyes liv'd on dm around, as jf in mednminn. he looked tho snhi.p y man lie was. The men and won)' i: h'- mcl ad accosted him wiili kindle s> and ies|,"' t. and dm children, as he passed : mdcdi and w'pispcrcil to each other: " '1 here pne,s liivoin, die old man of dm ih'ck!" The u re! i i 11 s repa'dod 1dm widi a sort ol da buy dial was not dap', hip radicr siimeihmc nmre akin m revvonve. The. nosiest and most mischievous of them all kept -dent and dciiimi' w hile 1) van was in siyht. and ii «:e a no,able fact belt no one livine; niii inl.r'.'d Pi lave seen an ash hay appi ndi ! to dm jva'' of Bryan d'nllemm on tin A.-h -\\\ Incsd.i v. 'foal i.evmp. mn, which he shared widi toe priests, speaks volumes I■11 j i1 i 'in 11 ion in u hieh P" 1 lermit i 11\ i o. i a amii 1 li ns ol' (.disla?I town, " ad oi eel- i aeamollins ini, is], towns, r ,iea, ov pleasure in carryitip out the d e ' i i v 1 v i e na mop i i ny die nrip tails r : h ) err ap,'em lay es of the j >a ssers i civ pacer hays tilled well ashes, lie ,,f ,, j j " lds|, leaders ran boast ''my d oi'- 11 fd i 1 i fe, tlmy went, to a n I ; o| hoiim a pan on an Ash - Wed I hea illy from some one pus amiiHiacaiH'iii — then a si ,o , I - for Id was I,, win i, 1 take ; title ii and ci \Vhic]' (diap'd an III 'Si| a \ w i sine hv ill VlMir Ire '; ?” We'! : !;,c have . id. t'd W i I 11 i d ' 1 - c jlVelld ' It |’i I d the lie e | ■ ■ i old maid :e|| his ihgji dll on Ma-, d 11 ah my a! a pus with t! > a i -oil savinp in- po of tl," old- \\\ timnded to the colly I'e • ,1 i"!l. W ould - ill1’'" i , all the "da V. t ion. II i d 1 O all, lie Oil, III I'aUr ami .1 was /\Abb o fain id, ii. in have 1" - 1 I | e j Id nimid. -1 three w. k - M 111 t !i C 1 ; , I (lie e v In which ti:e\ w laimlv. a dP roof of a h, n - t lil'ee in, m d is 111 a hi dpi ess an aui-hay on Mi (' u dclin \- \ ii v mi l|oveil. as we ant i uim, it m t v, v 11 o ia >' II lulie, Ida I ] 11 die , i - of > 'e.slirl. \\\ |,mil was del" on account of the \- . ed cilice of o.pidliny all Mil the sai led pi'ei'lllfis of I ioi'l;. ( i oiny h"liw fia 111) id" d v, 1 *.r\ an was - nmvii.y 11\. ■ wli 11 i p i inker 1 halt usual, ‘.pill pc, li dal to 1 lie a y'ed, \- die w!ii11■ for i ho repose m i o' dial Hi"'a' m y reroin ' I ,d MIC III hi ,1 Ml- I if t he I'"1U W ■ I \ Ml do-id ■ Vial 17) in B i y a i d s m 111 d limn 11 ei my - cccia I ;n ,1'U \ Cl) I !y for an c\tia .cni.ir. It '1' L I1""1' knew to of II, ill' V ■for, ■ i li i 1 la III c\ or ! "t til1' I off I lie i,,' i’o ]! im ('. ma 11 imi, one of his thiyh having been broken, and a'so his collar-bone, lie was a poor man. just barely supporting his family hv his daily labour, and having no time to cultivate a farm, he was obliged to plant polio oes h.v '‘con-acre,” in Mr. Esmond's ground, and to lent a small adjoin ing co.iage from die same weak by pi-o it; i or. Wed ! ii so baopeued that Tim Mm ilia's long illness, ami the want of earning consequent diemon. bed completely ruined bis poor family. Ilfs wife could not leave bim to go out io wo da even if work were to be bad, and die children, dnee girls and one hoy, wee loo young to be of any service ; the dtxnor bad to be pafl. end diet even could not have been done wen; it not that the neighbouring fencers made up tin; amount minings,, ..'iiiisid’cs; die poiaioes. what remained of teem, were soixed by -Mr. Esmond's bad P-’s for dm “ con-acre” money, and the pig Pint was fahening for die next f;dr in (V.soel was sold at eiicdon, with a goat licit u-ed to give 'du- c i) i Ii I • i ui milk, and a Hide kid. whose gambols o!'|,m made them I’m got tee hunger diet was wa,sting away 1'ieir young Efe. All was gene,—poverty was becoming siarvadmi, and still, on his bed of pain, lay the so-kately strong man, bis heart torn with anguish at. the sight of his lien1 ! - broken wi fe amt her diin pale lit tie ones cowering over die sleeky embers of some brambles which the children had picked up around the fields. Xm- food nor drink did die rot-mge contain, except tin- can of cold water 1 hat sat on the table where the “ dresser” used to be. The “ dresser” itself was gone, widi Hie pewter plates and dishes and wooden vessels which it had heell peer Kathleen's pride to keep “like' new pins.” <) n I v the shelter of the roof remained (o the de-l it ute family, and that remained not long, for on (be very day that Tim Mnnha crawled out of bed for the first time. Mr. Esmond’s bailiffs Came with certain nwinhors of “the crowbar brigade,” turned Tim out mi the wide world, the helnless failier, the frail, drooping wife, and the wan. emaeialed little children, and levelled to the ginuiul tlmir poor, but well loved dwelling, because "bis liiumur didn’t want such cabins so near the big bouse,” and was glad of the opportunity In get rid of one of them. Prayers, and tears, ami expostulations were all in vain. Tim Manilla knew that well, so lie neither wept nor prayed, but sat, with bis terror-stricken family clinging anumd him, on a. lar ;e || it stone which Kathleen’s feeble arm helped hue to reach, watching with stony eves the work of demolition that left them all In in sc I css on a chill l let oiler dnv. lie thought, widi a swePing lieait. nl ine time when his own bands built that lode coitagc to bring Kadileen home to a l>"tmv bride. lie thought el hie light iiemi deit was in bis breast, then, and die lwiglit hopes diat danced before bis eyes like fairy visions. Scarce ten years bad passed smee dien, and Io ! the 'might hopes were tied—hunger and cold had their grasp on bis heart, and worse st ill, on the hearts of Kathleen and her children, aad die walls that, had wii Messed lheir Immble joys, and the years of comfort Ids honest toil had earned, were now ruthlessly battered down before bis eyes ami erased from the face of the earth. What other thoiiglns came into the tortured mind of ’Tim Aim ilia, to the 1 line of the crash ing walls a m 1 the fall in grafters of his home, < iod—HHf the I h'r,/ . -only knew. That, night the fmlmn family were sheltered under i lie i on f of a kind neighbour, himself a poor colder (on, ami neat duv a few of •• (lie Inn's came iogedier and llmov up a shed against (he side o| die old Keek amongst (he huts where Pry an had his limiie. Not ipute diroe weeks had passed since the Mui'llum were evicted from tlmir old Imme stmid. and now Kathleen was dead, ami gone to rest. Many a visit old Puvaii had paid m their drea’y plaee of re f i ige d ii ring these long tedious weeks, and, truth to tell, two in igld Ins' f- crowns had passed , at as many succeed ing visits, from his pocket to th.it of Tim Mm ilia. That was a clown ot “ tlm Coiin seilor's guinea." but what of that if it helped to keep (he life in the pom- things, it couldn't he beiwr spent.’ ()li, hew luvan rejoiced i hen that hi' bail divided his slim e widi those who were more in need man him self ! Put stid he kept thinking of the solemn words of tlm pi.est wlm said Mass dint, morn ing—" -I ml, I'nihnu, 1 rfi on mend In innir pai/ua, In a s/Yi in! manner, the mu! g/ Kath leen Martha! "Ah !’’ said l'.ryan to himself, “ there’s where Hod’s holy Church dithers from the world. The poor are her care, and the more despised they are by the rich and the proud of this world, the dearer they are to the heart of that good Mother, if they only lived as Christians. Well! that's one comfort, any how ! ” he said, as he reached his own door, which was opened by Cauth with great .alaeniy, that singular specimen of woman kind having been anxiously . awaiting his coming. “An’ what is jtbat?” said Cauth, as she stooped to blow up her smouldering lire j u what’s the comfort now ? ” <l Why, just this, Cauth ! ” said tho old man, taking his seat by the welcome fire that was now beginning to blaze up cheerily—“that the poor have one friend that never deserts them—a powerful friend, too—an’ that is Relhjiai) ! If it wasn’t for Religion, an’ tho good, kind priest that brings her smile with him to the hovels of the poor, how could you, or F, live at all—or poor Kathleen Martha, j that's gone home, now? What would become j of the poor, Cauth, if it wasn’t for Religion, I and the hopes she keeps alive in their hearts?’7 Bryan, from his solitary habits and his almost uninterrupted communion with the spirits of the dead in the relics of their mortal bodies and the mouldering work of their hands, had acquired a certain solemnity in the expression of his thoughts, which at times amounted to dignity. Jlis speech was, moreover, thickly strewn with metaphor, and assumed now and then ipiite a poetical character. This was only, however, when tho old man spoke in Irish, which he generally did with Cauth : hut even his English was rather choice, from his frequent communication with the gentle-folks from abroad who visited tho ruins on the Rock. Ilis grave and sometimes even lofty thoughts Cauth could not, of course, understand, but his style of talking, when he did talk freely, commanded her entire admiration, and earned her to look upon tin* aged Hermit as something far beyond the common run of people, lie it known to the reader that 1 Fry an and Cauth did not stand to each other in the relation of husband and wife, as might be supposed; thev were strangers to each other, only a year or two before, when Bryan, at the. recommen dation of Mrs. Esmond, and with her kind assistance, commenced house-keeping, with Cauth as fnnnn' <lc r/mri/c, for before that tilin' poor Rryan had not a n>of In' could call his own, and spent most of his nights as well as his davs amongst the lone mansions of the dead on ins beloved Rock, coming down only to hear Mass on Sundays, and holy days, and to receive from the willing hand of charity the little sustenance which lie required. It was onlv wiieti the inclemency ol the weather drove him for shelter to the plain below that lie ever asked a night's lodging. He used to sav himself, when any one expressed surprise at his remaining over night on the Rock, that he had th(' grandest sleeping-room in all Ire land, and that was " in the king’s own house.” Rut. it was not in the old palace of the Munster kings that Rryan Cilllenan oltcnest sought repose; he preferred the choir ot the old Cathedral, just by the tomb <>1 Myler M'tiratli, or the shade of the deep Saxon arch that separates the nave from the choir ill Cormae's Chapel. As for Cauth. old Rryan knew no more about her than just what he saw. \\\ ho she was, or what she was, she carefully kept to herself ; and Rrvan, being nowise addicted to curiosity, seldom thought of what there was peculiar about, her manner, unless when some wild expression, to him unaccountable, set. him thinking of the probable cause ol her end ways, and the sirange. Ills of moody thought t iut would come upon her at times without any apparent cause. Her humour was somewhat caustic that 1 Iolluntide-day, and she snapped at l'ryan like a cross cur when he alluded so leclingly to Kathleen Mm Ron's descried stale. “ S/ir. wasn't wusiiu’ to the priest,, anyhow, said she, slopping a moment with the skillet in her hand, fiom which sin1 was pouring out oil a wooden fieueher the stir about f intended for Bryan's breakfast- her own share being left in the pot. “An' sine I know that well, ('aui h !" said R>> van with much feeling ; “sure I know w ho made her bed an’ kep’ her claim an’ cumlort i able ever since she came about the Rock— ()yeh ! one most as poor as hersell," he added as if to himself. * An iron pot of the smallest si/.r is so called in 1'•eland. f Oatmeal porridge, “ 'Deed, then, it’s little / could do for her,’' made answer Cauth ; “ but tliere was them that could an’ did give her comfort—may they never know the want of it themselves, I pray God !” “ An’ who were they, Cauth ?” “That’s a saycret, Bryan!” said Cauth a little softened ; “ but—but—T think you might guess.” Bryan looked up from his stirabout at the shrewd, keen-looking face of Cauth, and his old eyes twinkled. “I think I do, Cauth, I think I do.” “ Well ! if you do, keep it to yourself, for if it came to the ears of some people—you know who I mane—it "id make bad blood be twixt them all—so the darlin’ says herself, an’ she’s fearful of havin’ anybody’s ill-wili, cspaycially when it’s in the family.” “ An’more’s the pity, Cauth ! that it As in the family. T declare that man’s a disgrace to all belongin’ to him.” “ Ay, an’if it wasn't for them he'd a got his oats long ago !” said, Cauth, with bitter emphasis. “ Whisht ! whisht, Cauth ! don’t say that !” cried Byran quickly, and he glanced around as if fearful that some one might possibly be within hearing. “ But l trill say it, Bryan !” said Cauth, doggedly, “an' I say, too, that there’s many a one has got settled with before now that wasn’t any better entitled to it.” Bryan dropped bis spoon and looked up again, bis pale wrinkled face was Hushed, ar.d a light was shining in bis aged eyes that •Cauth had never seen there before. “ Woman !” said he, in a grave, solemn tone, “ who has made you the judge of that man’s, or any other man’s, evil doings ? There's One above that’ll judge us all.” As if a blow bad stunned her, Cauth dropped heavily on the stool beside her, arid buried her face in her outspread hands, mur muring in a half audible voice : “ Wlm am / ? Ay, sure enough, who am I to judge anyone? Oil, wirra ! it’s myself can tell that !” Bryan, alarmed as he always was by Cauth's strange soliloquies, began to express bis soi row for what lie had said, assuring her that he didn’t mean to hurt her foldings, •• but, then, Cauth! 1 couldn’t listen to the wards you sairl and hold my peace. No, Cauth ! I could not, I could not, for murder is murder, be it as it may, an’ the Lord in heaven says ' You Khali do no murder.’ ” At this Cauth started to her fret, and Hung back the long grey hair that bad lalhat fnun under her close liriou cap: "An’ who has done murder, Bryan < 'ullenan ?- who has shed blood ? You needn't look at me with them onld fiery eyes of yours, as if there was blood on nuj bund—see tliere ! see there !” and she stretched both her bands towards him, but suddenly drew them back, and said; again on her seat with a low plaintive, moan and a shudder. “ Christ save us !” ejaculated Bryan in an undertone, “ J b’lieve it’s iosin’ her sense the woman is! I’d host get out of lea sight, 1 ’m thinkin’.” the em h flit. li V. Unnoticed by Cauth lie reached for tiis bat, where it Imng on a peg, am. softly opening the door, left the cottage. lie was taking bis way, as usual, towards the Hook, and ha I already reached the gate leading into tlf hallowed enclosure, when the cheerful sound of the bagpipes struck upon his car, and the old man paused with 11is band on tin- i.iC h 1o await the approacli of the wandering mim-trej, in whom lie recognised an old friend. Sur rounded by a troop of ragged urchin , for whose special entertainment lie evidently Mew bis chunter at that particular the piper, a little old man of three or thereabouts, mover! along with pace peculiar to his tri!><*, glad.' hearts of his juvenile audience likely his own, too with “ Th Tulinehgnru'it.’’ Kver and anon was impeded by the rushing and the voting tatterdemalions wh guard of honour. ea<di one trying wav nearer to the great eeiiir.- of little scrupulous, moreover, as tu employed, so that “ kirk-.' an I more plenty than ba’pem-e." a - good lmmoiiredlv olfrive I. 1c played on, the crowd in.■re,a-in " nt as the ii.rh'ir passed aloii: ot I In- old man grow uic li and his imuae ... as tie his noisy esci li t grew; in.in attia. ti tlf lie . th l.t enow-. \im llddelll V C. A: and the i th pip. itself heard in tones of remonstrance, rather than rebuke. “Ah, then, childer, how can I play if you don’t keep off my elbow? See that now !—bad cess to me, but you’ll break iny pipes, so you will ! Well, now, I tell you this if you don’t keep off o’ ine I’ll not play another tune, and that’s the end of it, now ! ” But it was not. the end of it, as the young rogues well knew by old experience ; for the piper’s belied bis words, and the more he pro tested against playing any more, the faster and merrier went the pipes, amid the joyous shouts rtf the rosy urchins who went frisking like kids to the sound of the music. It required more than a passing glance to make a stranger sensible of the fact that the. merry face of the piper wanted the light of the eyes, for the organs themselves, clear, full, and blue, gave no other indications of the visual darkness than a tremulous motion of the lids, which might possibly have proceeded from some other cause. But then there was a little dog, a wiry, hard favoured terrier, which trotted along a pace or two in advance of the pipin', to whom it was evidently bound by af fection still more than by the cord, one end of which encircled the neck of the animal, whilst the other was fastened to the button hole of its master’s old frieze eoat by a piece, of stick run through inside the garment. Pa tiently and gently the dog moved on, suiting its pace with wonderful sagacity to that of its master, and maintaining a sort of oilieial gra vity that was proof against every trial, the elfect, doubtless, of long familiarity with the noisy plaudits that usually followed the, per formance to which he probably cousideied himself a party. It was clear, then, that the piper was blind, and it was also clear that his privation sat lightly upon him, even with the weight of his sixty odd years, and his house less, homeless poverty. Shaun the piper was, indeed, one of the happiest mm in all Ireland, for, like the Claddagh boatman in the ballad— “ IIis heart was true, his wants were few,” and his pipes made him welcome wherever ho went to a night’s bulging, and the best fare the peasant’s cot or the farmer's house afforded. Keen his dog—misnamed Frisk—was as welcome a visitor as himself, especially to the junior members of the humble households, where lie ofteriest sought rest, and shelter. Shaun, like most persons suffering under a like privation, had a wonderful 1}' keen sense of hearing, and could tell pimple by their voices just us others do by their faces. He also knew, with unerring precision, every foot of ground in Tipperary, and could make his way, with Frisk alone, through many parts of Limerick, Flare, and Waterford. He had even crossed the K nockmeldnwn mountains, and extended his “tramp" into (\>rk ; hut somehow Frisk’s sagacity failed him there, and the pipes never seemed to sound the same, and Shaun made up his mind that lie and Frisk had better keep to “ the old art,” so they never crossed the wild mountains again. But we have left our friend Bryan standing too long' at the gate, espeeiall}'as the weather was cold, and the iron latch felt like ice under his hand. A grim smile puckered his face as lie watched the triumphal approach of the minstrel, who suddenly stopped short in the middle of a bar, and turned his sightless eyes towards the Rock. “Childer!” said he, “ we ought to lie near the gate mnv -I wonder is ould Bryan Culle nan alive ye! V " “Oyeli! it’s himself that is—sure he'll never die.” “Alive!” why wouldn't lie? sure lie’s a ghost himself, if there’s one mi the Rock." “ W hisht, you sprissawn, there lie is at the gate ! Here the crowd of chattering galfers fell hack right and left to make way for Ihyan. who came forward with outstretched hand to greet his old an | ua m I a nee. “ 'i 011're welcome hack to Cashel, Shaun ! lie said in Irish ; “ 1 needn’t ask how von are. f r ymii face tells that story, and vmir foot is a most as light as it was live and twenty years agone, when you danced the Foxlmnter’s dig for tin* quality the night of tile ould master’s wedding. Frisk ! my poor fellow ! I’ll) pp Old to see you a g . I III Frisk acknowledged the compliment hv wo"., jug Ids mil demurely. Wish a. I'.rvimv the Ro. k, is this vur i !!' ? ’’ win the piper's le-artc respon e, as he ■ ,ge| |\ seized and warmly -hook ..Id uni.’' hand : “ I was just a thinkin’ to myself lint if von were still above ground I’d soon hear your voice. Well! I declare I’m glad to see you.” He forgot that he didn’t see him, but the mischievous elves around, all eyes and ears, qtiiekly detected the slip of the tongue. “ 0 inurdher! do you hear what he says?— he’s glad to nee him ! ” This was the signal for a roar of juvenile laughter, that drew a half-angry rebuke from Shaun, and a whole angiy one from Bryan, both of which only tended to increase the merriment of the wag gish crew. “ Put up your pipes, Shaun,” said Mryan, and come in and have some breakfast—I’ve a little place of my own now.” “ Do you tell me so, Bryan ? And where is it, agra’? ” “ Only a step or two back from here—come now ! be off home with you, childher! Shaun will play no more this bout.” This unwelcome news had to be repeated byr Shaun himself before it was received as true, and even then the youngsters were not got rid of till the dour of Bryan's cottage hid the piper, his pipes, and dog from their eager sight “ That was a pleasant night you were speakin’ of, Bryan!” said Shaun, as they entered. “ But I didn’t know that you were there.” “ ’Heed an’ I was, then.—wasn’t the whole country there ? An’ full an’plenty there was for every one. A darlin’ line young gentle man the ould master was, then—the heavens be bis bed this day! for it’s himself was always a good friend to the poor, an’ liked well to see them about him.” “ Pity all the Esmonds weren’t like him. ! ” said the piper, with a sudden change of manner. “ 11 is son is as good as ever In' was ! ” said Bryan, as lie took the pipes and placed the piper on a stool near the tire. But his brother isn’t,” returned Shaun, with a degree of excitement altogether un usual. “ If there’s vengeance in Heaven it’ll come down on him. ns sure as bis name is Harry Esmond ! ” ‘‘ Pooh ! pooh ! Shaun, don't be so bard on tin' ould gentleman ! don’t imw, and <fod bless you, for I don’t like fu bear anything bad laid out for one of bis name. They're a good stock, you know yourself.” “ 1 do, well, Bryan ! an’ that's the very raison why ould Harry shouldn't act as lie dot's. A body doesn’t wonder at thr upstarts that's fakin’ the place of the rale quality to ho hard on the ould tenants, an’ trate Hod’s poor like tlogs, but, I tell you, Bryan ! it’s against nature for an Esmond to make a brute of himself ! ” “ A brute. Shaun ! — oh, vo ! vo ! what’s coinin' over vou ? ” “ I say he in a brute, Bryan ! take it as you will—if he wun’t, he wouldn't turn the piper from his door, and hirk the />ij>rr'n This last came out with such strong emphasis that it was clearly the greater otTenee of the two. “ And did ould Mr. Esmond do that ? ” ques tioned Brvan, anxiously. “ lie did, Bryan, as I'm a sinner, an’ if I was to die on the roadside of hunger — myself and Bisk- — I wouldn’t cross his threshold again. Never fear hut tile grass ’ill grow green’enough on that saint' threshold, maybe, afore you or I goes home yet.” “ ('until !" said Bryan, for tin1 tirst time ad dressing tht' old woman, who sat a silent, listener in the chimney-corner. “ Canth ! ha\e you anything for Shaun to eat and drink ?— the best, you have isn’t half good enough for him !” *• ('until !” repeated Slumn, catching at this first intimation of another being pre sent, ” an' who isl’autli, if it's a fair ques tion ?" Bryan won! 1 have been puzzled to answer, hut < 'until relieved him of the task. “ Out' that knows you well, Shaun ! an' danced many’s the time to your miisie years and years agone, near the foot of Slieveiiamon, eastward.” There was an evident attempt at disguising the voire, hut it could ten deceive Shaun. I le started, turned his head quickly towards the speaker, and said, in a voice, very dill'ereiil from his usual tone : “ SIieremunon! no- tin not there ! The Emd s.ivr us all ! what brings //on here -all the way from -” “Sit ever an' take some Break fasl^:ljd (\iuth qmcklx : “ there's a nip id lav that'll do \nur niiid leait good, an' s,,un white bread from the big house. Hod's hlessin'on tin' giver, an’ that's young Mrs. Esmond her self ! linin', Brisk, good dog! here's some. could stirabout for you, an’ milk, too, my poor fellow!” “ The milk isn’t as plenty with you now, my woman, as it used to be,” said Shaun, in a low voice, as Bryan placed him at the little table. A change had coine over the buoyant spirit that even the snows of age could not chill, and Shaun was many degrees paler than when he entered the cottage, while the happy smile had vanished from his face. Words seemed hovering on his lips which he did not care to speak, and troubled memories were evidently at work in his usually tranquil mind. Cauth, too, appeared ill at ease, watching the piper’s face with a keen scrutinising glance, and shrinking fearfully as often as he opened his lips to speak. Bryan noticed all this, and when Shaun, having finished his scant breakfast, observed that it was time for him to be moving, the old man rose with alacrity, saying that he ought to be on the Rock long ago ; there was always so much to he done there, and onlv him to do it. As the. two old men left the cottage to gether, Cauth followed them to tin? door. “ bo you’re goin’, Shaun ! without as much as savin’ ‘ Cod be with yon!'” " 1 declare an’ so 1 was,” said he, turning hack his head. “ Well ! (fed he with you !” hut he did not ofiVr 11is hand. “Will yon keep my saycret?” whispered Cauth, “ for Cod’s sake do !” “ I will—God pity you !” And Shaun was gone. (To UK CONTINUE]'.) 