WHAT MICtUT HAVE BEEN EXM3CTED. MY MKH, THANK M'CAUTIIY. One wild March night, not many years ago, two young moil walked rapidly through- the main street of n crude Western settlement. There was little attempt at paving, as the place seemed to bo scooped out of the solid rook which hemmed it in. The width of the street was a serious drawback to its distinction. The houses on cither Bide, slanting down from the hills behind them, dilapidated, do Inched, and with littlo or no attempt at archi tecture, became moro insignificant by the long distances which separated them and their grim surroundings. An icy wind, that grew moro and moro violent at night-fall, congealed all inclination for conversation but the younger of thoso pilgrims muttered through his chattering teeth, “ God-forsaken, beastly hole, Max 1” " Not altogether,” replied his companion. “ Look yonder, Tom I" The wind, increasing in velocity, drove be foro it the murky clouds that had rested upon the jagged hill-tops, and nil at once could bo seen.a hundred martial, maritime, and gro tesque shapes clearly defined upon the Bky Myriads of stars began to glow with wonder ful brilliancy, but llio younger traveller gazed longingly upon the minor lights of the rail road depot that shono hopefully in the dis tance. Tho wido portico of a country store loomed in sight; cheerful arrays of patent medicines with their gaudy placards adorned tho windows; the battered and broken-nosed figure of an Indian maiden insured tho pre sence of tobneco to tho way-worn traveller— and Tom bogan to soften with these signs of approaching civilization. 11 We’ll soon shnko the dust of this wretched place from our feet, Max," ho said. “I’vo had a nasty presentiment hanging over mo all day that something would hnppen hero; but there’s tho blessed old flaming eye of the en gine at last.” It all happened in a quarter of a minuto, oven as Tom s poke. A waggon came rapidly down tho steep cross-street, tho driver vainly endeavoring, as he saw an old woman on tho crossing, to arrest the speed of his vehiolo ; his boast was intelligent enough to aid him in this endeavor, but tho grade was steep, and the old woman stumbled. Max sprang for ward just in time to lift her to her feet. As he rose to his own tho shaft of tho wagon gave him a rough poke upon the leg, which made him winco for a moment, but ho carried his light burden to tho corner, whore she struggled down out of his nrms, saying, in the weak, tremulous quaver of ago, " Thank ye, thank ye, young man,” and hobbled away upon her stick in the gloom. Tho man in tho waggon called out : “ All right, boss ? Nobody hurt, I reckon ? ” “ All right—nobody hurt,” eohoed Max, and the waggon wont rattling on. Tho old woman had already disappeared ; tho engine was belching forth Home and steam only a few rods away. In less than five minutes Tom was filling tho brackets over their heads in tho car with their travelling traps, nud singing softly. “ I got broke at playing poker, Tlireo of a kind." This was Tom’s favorito pn>an of joy. Ho novel' got beyond tho one lino and tho refrain, but these seemed to sullico him. Ho broke oil shortly, however, upon looking at his com panion. Max was deathly pale, a whilo quiver about his mouth had a premonition of ghastly faintness about it. “Hallo, old fellow,” cried Toni, “you were hurt, after nil; tako a swig of this." Ho poured some liquor down tho throat of. Max from a !itt!o brown flask, which quickly brought him round, but Tom remained anxious. 11 Where's tlio trouble. Max ? " lie said, . “ Only a blow on tho log,” said Max. " I shouldn't wonder it thoro was a black and blue spot thoro as big as your hand; but that's all. I’m tired and hungry; lot's cat something.” They fell to upon a littlo supper which Tom brought from tho rccessos of his travel ling bag. Tho train started on, Max re. gained his fine florid complexion. Presently no lot his head rest upon his board, and closed his 03*03 in a light and easy slumber. Tom drew a breath of relief. Tho train in creased in speed. As it wont spinning east ward tho very cookies of poor Tom’s heart wormed at tho thought of homo. Ho pulled up tho oollsr of his overcoat, oxtondod his foot upon tho luxurious upholstery of tho seat nhend, folded his hat into a pillow, and was soon mingling his humble snore with tho con tinuous rattle and occasional shriek of tho railway train. With tho mornlng'cnmo an amelioration of tho cold, but it brought with it fog and mud. Tho nine miles’ ride at tho close of tho second day, over an uneven country in a lumbering stago-coach, wrung sometimes from Max an exclamation that was nearly akin to a groan; his log had been a littlo stiff when I10 got off tho train. Tom thought it was tho awkward position in which ho had slept. Ho began now to be of tho opinion that a touch of rheumatism might bo at tho bottom of tho trouble. 11 We'll give it a rub with some of Aunt Kin’s liniment when we get homo,” said Tom, with a soit inflection upon the last word. Tom wouldn’t have believed it possible I10 could have boon so ridiculously glad to got back to stupid old Bnrnosvillej he had boon so nroleful to get away from it, at that time, I10 had made up his mind that in tho whole range of the States ho could not tumble upon a duller, more perversely stagnant and ex asperating spot than tho village of which his father was so proud. It nettled him beyond onduranco after I10 got back from college to soo his father stand with bis back to tho dining-room grate, his hands folded beneath his cont tnils, and hold forth by tho hour upon the petty themes discussed in the City Council, of which he was an influential mem ber. A sword hung conspicuously over tho mantel-piece, which seemed to Tom to crown tho absurdity of tho scene. Tho littlo atten tion Tom had given to tho sanguinary’ancients during his collegiato course increased his con tempt for tho regiment of homo guards at 13arnosville, of whioh his father was tho colo nel, and tho approach of Washington’s birth day quickened Tom’s decision to join his friend Max Boling in that venturo out in the mining districts. “ Why, you’d better stay till after tho twen ty-second,” said Aunt J3m, who was busy with silken flags and rosettes at a side table. “ Merry’s coming home from school on purpose, you know.” 1 " Yes,” said tho colonel, “I thought it judicious to send for America—in—a—fact, I beliovo she is to personate 1 tho Goddess of Liberty; she is tall for her ago, you know.” You, Tom know she wns toller at fourteen than most girls at twenty. Ho was exceed ingly fond and proud of his sister, but ho wont nevertheless. Tom loft Bartlesville without a single regret and vowed in his heart that many a year should go by before I10 should again see the white houses and green blinds, and littlo front gar dens, and neat palings, and slender saplings of elms and nsh-lrocs and maples that at stated distances marked eo many miles of his father’s domain. This young lad of twenty, in tho innoconco and arrogance of youth, thought of many a lively joust and tournament thnt awaited him yonder, which made tho present placid surroundings insipid beyond dogree. 1’ivo years had gone by, and ho wns coming back again, with a lively respect for tho flesh potsot Egypt. Ho had spent all tho money loft him by his dead mother, a considerable sum loaned him by his father, not to mention somo little savings of Aunt Em’s, llo had spent all this money, and was coming bnok for more. Yet ho had not beon given to riotous living. Heaven knew tho simple faro upon whioh ho had served, tho rough raiment ho had worn. Tho money had all gone in unfortunate ven tures iu the mining districts. His friend Max had risked and lost oven more than Tom. Fortune wns a fickle jade, and had led them a sad dance, but nt last sho had warmed to their favour, and now tho tide had tur ned. All this now investment wanted was a little m 110 capital and their fortunes wero made. His father had a clear liend for business; it would be an ensy matter to nssure him that tho venturo wns a safe one, and at last tho future would bo scoured. Tom thought this all over as they jogged along in tho stage coach, and ns tho familiar old landmarks be gan to appear he put down his coat oollnr, brushed .liis hat with his sleovo, pulled his pantaloons down over his boots, and began to feel that ho was Thomas Jefforson Bnrnos, the only son of Colonel Barnes of Barnesville. His dark, thin, eager face grew more and more jubilant as tho fine fertile lnnds of the old homestead wero passed. Aero after acre of orchard and meadow and woodland wero pointed out as tho property of Colonel Barnes, and presently the jaded horses began to pull up tho hill to tho big, square, newly painted mansion that crowned its summit. A crim son llamo from tho setting sun burned in each window-patio, a brand-now flag floated from a new flag-staff, and a second portico and observatory had been added to tho already fiuo and bedizened building. A few hours later tho elder of our pilgrims found himself arrayed in tho one extra suit that ho had worn upon state occasions for an incrediblo period of timo—a sack coat and pantaloons of bluo flannel, and a high mili tary vest; indeed, tho wholo appoaranco of Max smacked of the martial. His skin was bronzed by oxposure; oven his hair had beon toned by the elements to a dozen different shades of reddish-brown. His shoulders wore square, and his big shapely head had a trick of inclining forward upon his beard, which somewhat detraoted from his extraordinary height, but gave him, tho colonel thought, a Napoleonic air of deliberation and distinction. The colonel was positive that Max had soen somo sort of service; tho stiffness in his leg was immediately accounted for by the fretting of nn old wound. Tom humored this fancy, but begged his father not to montion it in the presence of his friend, ns I10 was particularly sensitive upon this point. 11 Modest attributes thnt very commonly belong to heroic natures,” acquiesced tho colonel. Ho wns standing in his old attitude before the drawing-room grate, his feet far aprrt, his hands beneath tho tails of his coat. Max was tormented by nn idea that the colo nol closely resembled a hoary sheep that hnd beon a pensioner upon tho mining camp for many years—the peculiar triangular shnpo of his head, which wns pointed at the bottom, long and narrow, clean shaven and bald ; the expression of tho face, bland, timid, depreca ting, yet persistent; evon tho blatant tones of his voice, which went beyond Max, nnd readied a smnll, daintily crossed, neat, and dapper gentleman, who had beon introduced as Mr. Fry, a prominent lawyer in a neighboring city, and a candidate for the Legislature. Max found his feet sinking into a lino velvet carpet, nnd above his head the ceiling was frescoed in what he supposed was tho prevail ing stylo of tho day. Clhnndeliors of crystal shed rivers of light upon striking pictures in gorgeous frames, upon the satin, brocntello, and ebony of tho furniture; and even as Max’s oyes rostod upon one of the heavily be laced and upholstered windows that lined the apartment, it resolved itsolf into tho door, through wliieli glided n tall Blonder girl, with lmro shoulders!, and inagnifioont hlaoli eyes that rendered tho rest ot her fnco pale hy con trast. Her ears and neolt, arms and fingers, Max thought, were disfigured by chains and rings, and when he took her ont to dinner, his stiff leg boeamo awkwardly entangled in her long train. Tho woathor-boaten red in his ebooks deepened, and he did not know how much ho was (lisconcortod until Miss America bogged of him not to begin to hate her for the nccidcnt. Max bowed with scant nnd stiff courtesy, and wondered how this young woman with the ridiculous name of America could bo tho little sistor that Tom so adored. She talked too much, nnd ns if she had known Max for yonrs (which sho lind, in truth, through her brother's letters) j sho wns overdressed and too handsome, and too conscious of a lovcli noss that Max never could admire; sho was able to stare a fellow out of countenance, and it was very difficult to tnko up tho thread of conventional chitchat, whon ono had been buried in tho heart of a canon for five years, which any sonsiblo girl would know, nnd not stare, and not chatter. 11 Of tho Goddoss of Liberty stylo,” Max snid, scornfully, to himself. Ho was pur,sled to keep up with tho routine ot tho meal, which was hot only in coursos, but sorvod with too many silrer and cut-glass accom paniments for tile simple convenience of Max Boling. The variety ot forks nlone became a study to him. If America could only have known the cause of bis vexation and abstrac tion, it might have saved her a deal of futnre trouble; sho would hava begun by pitying him, perhaps despising him ; but Tom had led her to form an exalted conception of his friend’s character, which her own extrava gant imagination had completed. When poor Max was puzzling over the peculiar shape of ono of his extra forks, America thought he was deep in some abstruse problem in metaphysics or mining machinery; in the meanwhile the furtivo and disturbed glances sho bestowed upon him wore interpreted into pity nnd ridicule by Max, and so tlieso two roally syriipathetio nnd eongonial natures misjudged each other. Nevertheless, each dreamed of the other all night a natural sequence to their discomfort in each other’s society. To Max it took the shape of nightmare. Hcdroamod that he was stretched upon tho rack for refusing to disclose a stato secret, and that tho beautiful America, attired in a decollete costume of alternate stripes of red, white, nnd blue bunting, presided at tho instrument of torturo. Ho awoke to And that his leg wns becoming tiro theatre of some posi tive suffering. It was soro to the touch just below the lmeo, nnd the red spot which had formed thorc wns increasing in sizo. In spite of every effort to tho contrary lie was compelled to relinquish his desire to walk over tho estate after breakfast, nnd to accept the ignominious nltornntivo of a drive in America's pony-pliao ton. Ho felt bigger than tho pony nnd heavier Ilian tho phaeton, and what witn a vague un easiness about his leg, and the presence of tho lady executioner in his dream, ho was in no humour to enjoy tho drive. Ho was relieved, however, to find that America did not begin to chatter, nnd that she wore a quiet sensible sort of suit buttoned up to the throat, witli hat of some neutral color to match. Her hair was brushed back and caught in a simple knot in her nock, so that, as sho drove, Max could readily admire tho exquisite proportions of her head. The morning was fine and breezy; tho pony, seemingly undisturbed by his extra load trotted cliceringly along, shaking his shaggy mane, and making a morry rattle with his hoofs on the excellently conditioned road. Tho village was left speedily behind and they soon entered a woodland path whore in the nude branches of tho trees preniaturo and amatory songsters were already prospecting for nests. The moss about tho old gnarled roots looked fresh and green nndin nsholterod nook Max pointed out to America tho first vio lets of the season. She throw him the reins, and, as she came back to Max and gnvo the frail blossoms to his keeping, ho began to thaw with tho rest of nature, and to tnlic in a way that was new to America, but delightful. At first sho thought ho wns trying to suit himself to subjects that she could understand, his dis course was so simple and natural; but she soon gnvo up conjecturing, and yielding her self to tho enjoyment of tho hour, became as natural and as simple ns himself. In this way they grow to understand each other beforo many miles had 1)0011 trotted over, and Max now fully at liis ease and witli a strango sense of happiness hitherto unknown to him, oven wont so far as to tell her of his dream ol tho night before. “I assure you, Miss Barnes,” he said, “ you roally-did give an extra screw to the torturo with your own hands. I can feel it in this miserable joint of mine yet." Sho looked upon Max with an expression ot such sweet compassion that lie hastened to add; “ I’m glad of the extra wrench that disabled ific, for otherwise I should have been trudging over bald and boggy fields with your father and Tom, instead of exploring this exquisite bit of woodland with you.” " It is strange, but I also dreamed of you,” snid Amerien, gravely. “ Oh, did you, indeed ? Well, bo as frank as I was, and tell mo of your dream.” " It wns loo ridiculous,” said America ; and Max saw the color creop into her clear palo cheek. To liis confusion, lie felt his own bo ginning to tingle. “ Could it have been more ridiculous than raino?” ho said gently. “ In another way,” she replied. “I dreamed that you rescued mo from something horrible. ” Here sho blushed deeper, and paused. “ A dragon?" snid Max, with ill-conccaled curiosity. And sho replied Hint it was not a dragon; and by that time they' wore trotting up tho avenuo of poplars, and soon Mnx saw her disappear up the broad staircase. Tom was coming down. Max saw that be wns pale and disturbed. “ I must liavo a talk with you," said Tom : “ lot’s take a turn about the grounds.” Then, noticing that Max limped painfully, “ The devil I " he exclaimed ; “ thnt's an other confounded nuisance that must bo seen to at once.” Then ho took Max’s arm, nnd helped him up the stairs to tho guest- chamber lie bad slept in the night before. Tom shut and barred the door, nnd coming close to his friend, who had thrown himself with nn air of exhnustion into an arm-chair, he said, in a tonoof suppressed wrath and disappointment: “ There’s no hope hero, Max—nothing but a hodge-podge of ruin and desolation. My father is next door to n begger." Max boro this news with resignation. Ho had been thinking whilo limping up tho stairs that nil that spoiled America was the natural meretricious consequence of being rich. “ I spoke to my father,” continued Tom, ’’ right after brenkfast, determining to have tho thing settled at once, and ho confessed to mo Hint it is merely hanging on by a thread so far ns ho is concerned—that everything is mortgaged to tho hub, nnd tho depreciation in real ostatc has made most of the mortgages fairly cover tho property. It is only the peculiar and lucky relation that this little sharper ot a Fry holds to tho family that saves everything from going to the hammer. Fry holds all the mortgages, nnd is lenient about the interest, as well ho may be. He’s got some monoy himself, and lias tho handling of a quantity moro through n rich old grandmother out West. When lie marries Merry, this whole property will come into his hands.” “ When lie what ? " said Max, suddonly leaping out of a sort of lethargy that had crept over him. "When he marries Amorion, my sister,” said Toni. “Fortunately for my father ho has a daughter beautiful nnd wise enough in keep tho wolf at hay. It's a liioky thin" for Merry olio's not tho kind of girl to hobnob with porerty. She’ll soo to my father and Aunt Em. As for me, the pick and pnn of a minor— Uut what in thunder—hoy ! Max, my hoy 1" Max was shaking and chattering in a con gestive chill ; his face was livi/; his nails purple. Tom got his friend to bed, nnd sent for a dootor at once. Max scrambled out ol the oliill into a fever. i' Homo trouble with tho bone," said the doctor. “ Brings about a nasty complication sometimes. Koop tho patient quiet just Which was easier recommended than done. Max tossed nnd tumbled and talked wildly, nnd with an unnecessary form of patriotism, Tom thought, about America nnd the Goddess of Liberty. "I’ll save her, Tom," whispered Max— “ I'll save her if I dio for it. I did once, you " Save who, my poor Max ? " said Tom. “ Why' the Goddess, you know—tho God dess of Liberty I She’s turning tho screws ngain in that nccursed rack, but nho don’t know it. Who would linvo believed she could havo been so simple and womanly and sweet ? —as fresh and pure, before Heaven, Tom, as the violets sho hold in her hand. I hated her by gas-light in her low dress, with nil those gewgaws about her." Tom saw that his sister's face was red nnd pale by turns. “ Perhaps you’d better go out of the room, Merry,” ho said. “ God only knows what fancies beset his brain.” Merry thought sho know; sho fancied she could toll of a certain Venetian vase that held the very violets Max raved about. The violets in tho Venetian vase wore dead; others had taken their placo ; March ripened into April, and April was fast verging to Stay, nnd still poor Max was a prisonor in that fine luxurious upper chamber in the colonel's house at Barnesville. His leg had all this time been under, treatment, and the doctor thought it possible by a series of probings and applications to effoct a temporary cure. “ The core of the disease will probably remain for a longer period," said the physician," but tho physique of tho patient will bring him round when ho can got air and exercise.” " Max’s fine physique, however, began to be rather against him than in his favor. Tho doctor leaned to the opinion that he would prefer a more sanguine temperament. In tho meanwhile the most of Miss America's limo was spent in the vicinity of the flielc-chnmbo.i. A wonderful aptitude as a nurse had developed itself in this versatile young woman, and sho had even shown a rare ability in concocting broths and dainties to tempt a jaded appetite. As usual, she devoted herself to this now hobby with enthusiasm. “ Sho gives her whole heart to everything sho. undertakes,” said tho colonel, apolo getically, to a visitor who had called several times and found it impossible to see the daughter of the house; “ but this mania will spend itself like all the rest, nnd then she won't want to hoar of n sick person for a twelvemonth." The colonel's auditor smiled complacently, and began to talk of other things. Although there was something amounting to a betrothal between himself and the lady in question, his mind also was preoccupied nnd absorbed. An unlooked-for complication had arisen in his own affairs. His grandmother had altered her will, and left more than two-thirds of her property in a way that might oooasiomMr. Fry considerable trouble. Ho was compelled to go out and see the old Indy, nnd had called to bid Merry a brief farewell. Under these circumstances the young woman consented to come down. Sho left the hot hand of Max and his eager, devouring oyos, for the cool, clammy palm and tho foxy gaze of her pro mised husband. Merry found, ns they stood together, that she really was a half head taller than Mr. Fry, as Max had once laugh ingly told her. Khc looked down upon tho dapper little man with grave courtesy, and left her hand in his own, but ho saw that her manner was constrained and her attention wandering. "I. won’t keep you from your studies, America," ho said ; 11 I'm in somewhat of a hurry myself; I must catch tho noon train.” Then he went on to tell her that his interests with his grandmother wore seriously threat ened, and his presonco was necessary out there for a short period; that ho would write, and ho hoped she would find timo to reply. America promised sho would write, and began for tho first timo sinco their engagement to find it absolutely repugnant to her to havo his thin lips touch her own. Ho was ordinarily a cold, unimpassioned wooer, nnd was not a whit warmer now than usual; but custom required that ho should kiss her good-bye. America yielded to tho brief caress, but it was only \vhon he was well out on tho portico, with his hat on, and barely timo to catch tho train, that her manner warmed to tho occa sion or tho impatient crimson abated in her checks. On her way back to Max's chamber she stopped in her own, and laved her face, her lips, and washed well her hands. She met the doctor in tho corridor, and behind him was evidently anothor professional gentleman. They both walked gravely and silently down the stairs to the lower hall, whero tho colonel was pacing to and fro, liiB hands beneath his coat tails. “ Ahem ! "(coughed the colonel, sympathet ically. “ What is tho ultimatum ? ” . " Just as I said," replied the family physi cian : an amputation is necessary to save the patient’s life; but he objects—strenuously and violently refuses.” Merry ran up tho stairs without waiting to hoar more, and found her brother Tom sitting by tho bedside, his face buried in his hands. " Hero is your sister, Tom,” said Max, with a warning inflection in his voice, nnd holding out his hand to the young girl with his usual cheery smile. " You needn’t try to ooncoal anything from mo," she said. " I know all about it; I nm studying medicine and surgery, and mean to bo a physician. Now that tho worst has come, wo can meet it bravely. You'll got well and strong, nnd be yourself ngain, Max; and, after all, an old soldier surely don’t mind tho loss of a leg." Then Tom, seeing n look of distress in Mnx’B face, told Merry for tho first timo of tho rescue of the old woman. " If slio had been young, or oven pretty,” groaned Tom; “ but sho was a veritable witch—there was something uncanny in her whole appearanco, and no doubt sho hold an infectious curso about her. Her old bones might better havo been ground to powder than to have brought all this about, for sho hadn’t long to live in any case ; but Max was always reckless." “ You'd have done the same thing,” said Max, "if I had not anticipated you." "Iwish I bad,” cried Tom—“I wish to heaven it was I that had to ohoose botween my log and my life; the leg would go mighty quiok I" " Y’ourleg is of less consequence to you, per haps, and your life more,” said Max. “ The one would be usoless to rao without tho other, nnd both are of little account. Y’ou know, Tom, that I haven’t a relative or friend out side of yourself." Hero Tom saw that his sister had reached the door, and was beckoning him out of the "Y’ou must got upon ahorse,” she said, when the door was closed upon the sick- chamber, " and go down to the city, and bring those doc tors baok with you before night. The opera tion must be performed at once; and tel] them to got more doctors if necessary—to sparo no expense. I’ve—I've got money of mamma's you know, Tom," she stammered, gently— " tlmt dear mamma left mo for my own.” Torn nodded. That money of their dead motlior's was bound logo in somo way. niqg) “ But Max lias not consented," said Tom. “It dosen't mattor,” said Merry; "It must bo done. Tie’ll know nothing about it till all is over. Do yon go after tho doctors, and I'll see to tho rest.” It seemed to Tom that the remaining hours of Hint day went by like a queer, awful dream, lie remembered bringing tho doctors stealthily in, and becoming conscious of a faint odor —sickening, sweet, overpowering—that filled the room immediately nfterwaril, of holding his sister tight in his arms in the adjoining chamber while something terrible was going on inside there, and during an agonising ten sion of his nerves, lator on, hearings terriblo cry burst from the lips of poor Max. " Gracious God 1" he groaned, “ whose work was this ? ” | “ Minel" said Merry.Did you think I I would let you die ?" It would linvo taken a stronger man than Max to have turned away from that beautiful, earnest, pallid face now caressingly closo to his own. Tom looked on in speechless and rapt dismay, remembering his father’s perilous • plight. Max remained dazed and bewildered, but after that first outcry made no complaint. Tho operation was eminently successful. Tho doctors rubbed their hands over it, and eulo gizod tho system, tho patient, each otlior, everything and everybody concerned. A Bpeody convalescence nnd radical riddanco of tho whole disorder was prophesied. But days wont by—weeks—a month and more and still Max lay under tho silken canopy, his face bb waxen and weak-veined as that of a sick in fant, his eyes unnaturally bright nnd hollow, his hands feverish, and his whole aspect tit to strike terror to tho hearts that remained steadfastly but despairingly fond. “Ijifo is sweet, Tom,” Max said one day. “ I nover thought it could hold so muoh hnppi ness; but you see, I can’t, I must not live—it would bo too cowardly; there's no other way out of it but to die. Would you see your in comparable sister tied for life to a pauper nnd a cripple—tho wife of a one- legged flag-manat a railway crossing, or accompanying his efforts with a hurdy-gurdy upon a tambourine? Then remember the desperate condition of your fnther. My good Tom, it is a hopeless caso.” It was along speech for poor Max. Groat bonds started out on his forehead, nnd his voice had sunk to a whisper beforo ho was half through with it. But it told the whole story. “ We might take Merry’s money into con sideration,” said Tom, then paused, remember ing the insufficient quantity there was to take. Tom plunged his hands deeper into his hair, and wished there was a bank somewhere ad jacent and ho was an A 1 tip-top burglar with an elastic conscience, lie felt positive that only a few thousand dollnrB would develop the mine to such an extent that another leg would bo a superfluity to Max. One magnificent morning in Juno, Nature was at hot- happiest, at her best. The long windows of Max’s chamber were opened to tho full; the branches of tho sycamores tem pered the rays of the sun nnd subdued the frolic of the breeze. A celestial silence roigued in tho garden below, where tho tulips blazed, tho pinks exhaled spicy odors, stiff parterres of blossoms were made wanton by bees and butterflies, and pale phantoms of statues were robed and relieved by a prodigality of reflected colornnd shade ; tho birds sang, the bees hum med, all in an under-tone of dreamy delight. But the pale lips of Max broke into an old rhyme that somowlmt marred the voluptuous easo of the moment : Oh, to think my iinino is crossed From duty’s muster-roll— Tlmt 1 may slumber through tho clarion call, And live tho joy of au embodied soul, 1’rco as a liberated ghost 1 Oh, to feel a lifo of deed Was oinptied out to feed That firo of pain that burned so brief a while— That firo from which I come as tho dead como Forth from tho irroparablo tomb 1” Two human beings in the next room looked at each othei in speechless dismay. Tom shook his head, nnd let it fall, with a gesture of despair, upon his hand again; and Merry, to control her nerves picked up a paper that had lain upon the table since the previous day. A scaled letter, addressed by the samo hand, had remained there even longer. They wore both from the Western town wliero Mr. Fry was still sojourning. His grandmother had died in tho interim, which paliiativo calam ity threatened further complications nnd a lon ger delay. Merry opened the paper and road it with her eyes alone; tho nerve that connect ed tho organ of vision with her brain was dor mant nnd paralyzed. Tho advertisements, being iu largery print, she read first. Presently her eyes fell upon tho following; “ If tho tall, brown-whiskered gentleman who, on tho evening of tho 18th of March, near tho depot at-, rescued an old lady from being run over, and immediately after ward, with his companion, took the train east ward, will communicate with II. K. Fry, so licitor, ho will hear of something greatly to liis advantage.” Merry read this over several times, some times repealing the words half aloud to get their meaning, her eyes gradually gaining in telligence and expression. Then she turned to tho neglected letter nnd broke tho seal. Her hands trembled, and her lips parted eager ly. She drifted over the letter till she reached the following passage: " And this, dear Ameri ca, is tho story the absurd old lady told: that wliilo crossing the street she stumbled, nnd a waggon rattling down tho hill would linvo in evitably gone over hor had it not been for this tall deliverer, who seized her in his arms and carried hor to the corner; that ho wns himself struck by the pole of tho waggon, but appar onlly unhurt, took the eastward train. And to this mythical knight,” added Mr. Fry, “ my grandmother has left one-halt her money and her share in the mine. The money alone will nmountto sixty thousandilollars. But I doubt if he can bo found very soon, and in the mean while I am tho executor and administrator of the estate.” Merry’s eyes had dilated to an enormous extent; a crimson Uamo burned in her cheek. Tho letter and newspaper sho clutched in hor hand, and striding over to Tom, touched him upon the shoulder. Tom looked up and was startled to find this magnificent face glaring down upon him. Merry thrust tho paper into his hand, and pointed to tho solicitor's advertisement. Tom read, au/l tho papor bo gan to rattle in his fingers. Then Merry pushed the open letter upon tho paper, nud pointed to tho interesting paragraph, Tom read, and his face grew pale as ashes. He shortly arose to his feet, to tho ends of his toes, and lifting the letter nbovo his head, wont pirouetting around the room, singing in an effective undertone this touching refrain ; “I got broke at playing poker, Three of a kind 1 ’’ This powerful tonio had to bo administered to Max in small doses ; but wo must refor the reader for tho sequel to this story to an issue of tho Barnesville Chronicle so**o months later on. It was a lengthy bit of eloquencor but tho pith of it consisted in the informa tion that the bridal excursion of tho happy pair—which was in rather a barren direction for a convalescent, however—inolndod a sug gestivo visit to a prosperous mine, and that tho solo party who accompanied them was “our esteemed fellow-townsman Thomas J efferson Barnes, Esq., the brother of the bride."—Harper's Weekly. 