DONAL GRANT/ BY QKORQB JIACflONALD, Aurnou or Alkc Uoubm, Uucoui, &a;, &a; Cuaitbu XLIII. (continukd). A week passed, and then another ; and Lord Forgue said nothing more of Lady Arctnra abont riding. Bnt in that week a furious jealonsy mastered Mm. For a time he scorned to give place to it because of the insult it was to himself to allow it true, but gradually it grew activo in him. This country bumpkin, this cowherd, this man of spelling bookB and grammars, of Greek and mathematics, was poisoning his cousin's mind against him. What a tiling to contemplate. Of coarse, ho said to himself, he was not so silly as to imagine for a moment sho cared for him. That ehe would disgrace herself by falling in lovo with a fellow jest oscapod from the plough tail Sho was a Graeme, and that was enough. Sho never could bu such a traitor to her blood as that. If only ho bad not been so silly as to fall in lovo with a vulgar little thing that had not an idea in her head, aud got at last to be so unpleasant — positively dis gusting — with her love-making; nothing would please lier bnt bo always bugging and kinaln". That was bow. the man spoko to himsolf of the girl he had so lately been in love with. That wretched Bclioolmastor ! Though of course she would not dream of falling in lave with him, ha might yet succeed with hor so far as to prevent lior from falling in lovo with him. Whatever might be a man's attractions, they oould not mako their way against certain kinds of prepossession, especially in a girl who was a sort of a saint to begin with. There was no standing against religious prejudices. Ho must point out to his father the nocosslty of getting rid of tlio- fellow. Tho governor had a fnnoy that he was doing well with Davie j hut what revolutionary notions he would put into him ! lie was certain to unfit him for taking his place In tlio-real world. And il it canio to that, why not send tho two away together somowhoro till things were settled ? If ho were dismissed without good reason shown it would make matters worse. Ho did mention the matter to bis father, bnt the earl thought it would bo better to-'win over Donal to hi side. He counselled his son -that- there were. Grants of- good family, apd that besides tho pride of every htghlander -was- -such as- to brook- no assumption of ' 'PuWisliolkHMcW axrsBgqiqWH Hith the author All rights reserved) superiority ; heVirould but malo of him an implacable enemy If he did or said anything to hurt him. His lordship did not think of what ho had himsolf said nnd done, or reflect that, if Donpl, hd bbch of the. sort he sun nosed ho must hayo left' the ' castle long a-i." There was indeed only ono tiling that would have made it impossible for Donal to remain, and that they had nevor presumed to do/ namely, to interfere- bolween hfm and his pupil, or prescribe to hitri what he was to do and not to do wlth hlm, ' Forgutf did not argue with Ma father ho had given that up j ho could not do what he desired of him; neither if he' had told him oU that had passod between them, would the carl have judged It possible to cultivate any appearance oven of friendship with him. F0j tho present he would just Iyt things slide, and stand by and watch. One stop only he took : , he hogan to draw to himself the good graces , of Ml.. Connichaeb He did not know how little she could serve him when ho called upon, hor father. After that they had a good deal of communication with each other. The lady, without boing con- Biouslv insincere, flattered the gontleman, and so speedily gained his esteem and confidence. " Of a good family" on the mother's side, sho was born with capabilities for talcing on the manners of' the upper classes, and had grown up fit to adorn any society, as her common father said; and, with a keen appreciation of thosuper- iorrightsand dignityof the aristocracy, she was well able to flatter tho prejudices Bhe honored and Bharcd in. Careful not to say a word against his cousin, she made him feet more and more that tho chiuf dangor to him lay in the influence of Donal. . She fanned thns the flams of his jealousy and hate of tho man whom he now thought lie had disliked from tho first, and whom, ho had soon learned to hate— first) bccausclie camobotween himandhis wrath, next, because he camo between him and his " love " and last, because ho now threatened to come between liim and the life that alone waa worth Ms living, and threatened to bo the ruin of his fortunes. But nfter all, what could lie do ? If only Davie would fall ill, and hare to be taken for chango of air 1 But Davie was always ia splendid health and spirits 1 By and by ho began to confide in Miss Car- micliael with regard to Arctura. Now that he saw himself in danger ' of being thwarted, he fancied himself moro in lovo with her than he was, and indeed did. think less for a time of tho fact that in hor lay his only prospect of deliverance from the future, threatening him with tho frightful alternative of labor or poverty. _ And as ho had got more familiarised with tho idea of Ms false birth, although even to himself ho did not choose to confess he be lieved it, he made less and less of it, which would havo showed to another, though it did Hot to himself, that he really did believe it. In further sign of the same, he would make no inquiry into the mntter — did not onco question Ms father further about it. If it wa3 true, he did not want to know it ; and where was tho blame in acting as if he knew nothing about it, so long as ho did not know it to betrae? Feoplo mnst take for granted what was com monly believed abont their birth. At last, nnd tho last was not long in arriving, he all but ceased to troublo himself about iL . When ho hinted to Ms father his gennins fear that lie was not destined to succeed with Arctura, the carl laughed at tho foolish doubt, bnt in certain of Ms moods ho contemplated tho thing as an awful possibility. It wa3 net that ho loved his sons much, though ho loved David n o:o than Forgnc ; but tho only way in wliioh those who recogniso that they arc on the road to tho gravo can fancy themselves holding on to the tilings of this life is through their children. Then he lorod in a troubled, self reproachful way, the memory, of tbek motlior, and through her cared for his children moro than lie know ; they were to him as much his children, and as fit to sncceed him, as if ho had been logally married to their mother. As to the relation in which they stood to society, bo did not care for that, so long as it remained undiscovered. He rather enjoyed— I liad almost said heartily enjoyed— the idea of stealing a march on society; and seeing from the other world the sons he had loft at such a disadvantage behind him rulfiing it, in spite of foolish law, with tho best of them, end arro gating tho place which tho fools of society, had they but known, would nover havo granted them. Thus from tho gravo ho would still be keeping his foot on the neck of Ms enemy 1 —for fie Mid always been an enemy to law, and would steal any victory over it He could. Noc would be ever havo boon such a fool as utter the truth to his son, not to say in tho prosenco of Donal, had ho not been under the combined influence of tho fading fumes of evil drugs and ficrco wrath at an opposition threatening ruin to his most cherished Bcheine. And now Arctura avoided Her cousin as much as slie could — only sho felt bound to remember that the house was liors, and' she muit not mako Mm fool Ho was pot welcome to me what Bhe could supply of tlio things of tiiis world. Thoy mot at meals, and as noarly a3 she conlu Bhe behaved as if nothing unpleasant had hap pened botweon tliern, nnd things wore on thesamo footing as before ho went away. But the stnis that ho was watching her often prevented her from going out when otherwise sho would. Ono day, wlion ho hod pretended to ho gono for Borne hours, ho met her walking iu tbo park. " You aro very cruel to mo, Arctura. lis said, with a mortification whioli owed its lock of dpjection in tlio port to the cffqtt ho was making to hide his chagrin. "Cruel?" returned Arotura coldly. 'Iam not cruel. I would not willingly hurt any one." " You hurt mo very muoli, not to let nio have the least morsel of your society 1" "You see mo eyory day at breakfast--3' least when you ore dowu in time, and every day at lunch and dinner whon you cliooso.to uo present I" " How caq I bear to sit at tho tablo near you, whon you treat me with euch coldness. "You compel me to do so, when yj"' ' staring at me as if you would eat mo, and loo angry at overy civil word I speak, to another I If.ypu are cpntcnt to Hp my cousin, thing' m go smoothly enough ; but if you are still s ' oa wh<$ -cannot ha— onco, for alii — una. I qon)d never love > you ' Id that You care fqr nouoiof: tho tbroga I "v,0/0 ,1. feci in your company qs if I beiunged » »» ju together difforent statu of existence i had nothing worth oallipg ftn Moa ip Pf'j'uu You: may think mo hard but it ismuebbat wo should understand each other, si > 7 think beoauso my father left me 'the pri>PUj you havo a claim upon me, it' ia a claim a «" „„„„ ftctnowlete®. I would ton thousand toes rather you fad tho property.aad I were i-Tnlr srnve. You will easily find something to asery way better fitted for you." .. u I will do anything, learn anything yon nlease," said torgue, with difficulty restrain- Lie his anger, for Ws heart was aching with Suronointmcnt, but willing to make a good case of it to his father. . , . . . « Jhnow very well -what suehsunmissisn ib worth." said Axotura. " I should bo everything till we were married, pud then nothing, $nt T will take care el that." She would not have, spoken in just nucha tone had she not been that dnymoro than usually onnoyod With his behavior to Donal, and at tho eamo time particolarly pleased with the calm, unconsciously dignified way in which Paul took it, costing it from him as the rock throws asido tho sea wave, as if it did not con cern him- Tho dull world has got the wrong phrase ; it is ho who resents an affront who pockets It. Ho who takes no notioo flings it from him as a dirty, filing he has nothing to do with. But therewith Forguo's contempt at ones and his hatted towards Donal naturadly wsht on growing. It wasa lovely day in spring. "Please, Mr. Grant," said Davie, "may I bavoo holiday to-day V" Donal looked up at liim with a lltflo wonder; the boy had novor before made such ft request. "Certainly, DaVie, you may," ho answered nt onoe ; " hut I should liko to know what you want it for," " I will soon toll you that, Bir," answered Davie. "Arkio wants very muoh to have a ride to-day. She says LaTkie — I gave him that name, to rhymo with Arlrie— - she says Larkie has not been ' ont for a long time, and she does not want to go ont with Forgue — I suppose ho has been rude to her — and so Bho asked me if I would go with her on my pony." " You will take good' care of her, Davie ?" " Oh, yes 1 1 will take care of her, and she will take care of mo ; that's the way, isn't it? You need not bo anxious about us, Mr, Grant. Aricic is a splendid rider, and she Is so much plnokicr than she used to bo." Donal did, however— ho could not ham said why— feel a little anxious. He repressed tho feeling as unfaithful, bnt still it returned. He could hardly go with them ; there was no horse for him, and If ho went on foot, he fetrod to spoil their Tide; Besides, he had no desire to fan Forguo's jealousy. Also, he was so much afraid of presuming on Arotur&'s regard for him that ho shrank from proposing anything; ho would always rather anything came from her first. So he went to his room, got a book, and strolled into tho park, not even venturing to see them off ; tho yonng lord might be about the stable, and draw false con clusions. Forguo was not abont the stable ; he wonld, I think, have managed to prevent her from going. LarkSe, though much better, was not yet cured of his lameness, and had not been much exercised. Arctnra did not oven know that he hod been lame, or that he was now rather wild, and had a pastern joint not equal to his spirit. The boy, who alone was about tho stable, either did not understand or was afraid to spsal: ; so that sho rode him in a danger of which sho knew nothing. Tho conseqnenco was that, jumping the merest little ditch in a field not far outside the park, they had a fall, and Larkio got up and trotted limping home, but his mistress lay where sho fell. Davie, wild witli misery, galloped homo for help. From tho height of the park Donal saw him tearing along, and knew that somothing must he amiss. Ho ran straight for the direction in which ho came, saw him, climbed the wall, found his track through the field, and follow ing it came where Arctura lay. The moment he . saw her his presence of mind returned. There was a little oloar water In the ditch;- he wot liis handlcorchiof, and bathed her face. She came to herself, smiled . when she saw who was by her, and tried to tire, but fell back, 41 1 beliavo I am hurt I4' she said. " I think Larkie must have fallon !" Donal tried to raise her, that ho might carry- tor home, but bUo moaned so that ho saw ahe was too much hurt. Davie was gono for help ; it wonld be bcttcr to wait. Ho pulled oil bis coat and laid .it over her, then, aitting down, raided her partly from the damp ground against his knees and in his arms ; sho lot him do as ho pleased. Then sho scemsd easier, and smiled, but did not opon her eyes. They had not long to wait. Several persons came running — among them Lord Forgue. He cast a look of hatred at Donal, and fell beside liis cousin on hia knees, taking her hand in hu. Donal of oonrso did not move, and finding Forgue persisted In Booking to attract fijr attention to himself saw it was for him to give orders, " My lady," ho said to the servants, " is nwch hurt ; one of you go off at once for tho doctor ; tho others bring a hand barroiv— I'vo seen one about the place — with tho inattress n 'afa on it, and make haste," , ; V' waiting he had been going over in m", what ought to bo dono. , ,17®' have yon to do with giving orders ?" ttid Forgue. 4 Do asMr, Grant tolls you," said Lady ma' W1"1011'' opening her eyes. . 5 111011 a' once departed running. Forguo Me from his knees, and, with ono look at onai, walked slowly to a little distance, and Mod gnawing his lips, There was silence for a tune. My lord," said Donal, 44 please run to the svJf'r -1 oto'1 0 little brandy for her lady- Pi I fonr sho has fainted." fhi W.M cuttln8 to ho sent abont by tlio J-.0"'1 intt what could Forguo do but obey. Tl... » a' onco aU(l tolerable speed. Donal 'Url P0BCIi her eyes and smiled on n«kAM 5"0B Coring much, my lady?!' he « a' moved. tWi . oal" nim answered. 44 But I I. liinJ0 Thank you for not leaving me. when V» mfro I can. boar. It is bad »Tktry.tomovo"4> / will not bn loqg now" ho returned, til! ri , dosed hor eyes and tlioy wore that 4 llal watching tho cloud of suffering and no® ffifl than, would cross her face At heart to the Saviour of men. toriaf.r coming with tho extom- Pale llnl -r,.a . nd thorn Mrs. Brookes, and with hc'aady, carrying toe brandy, maids, Foigne and one of tho Wi'Sf1'", <aKft op : too stooped and tho in in T0 to Donal, Inquiring where «cmjury WUi and Donal told her ha, (cared it was l«r spme, but did not know. Then! fcf0i>SS her hands; nndor her, the maid took her feet, and Donal gently riainc xaisedhorbody. They laid her (V the toto took rfnf \?T ?r, two,.anaPsometiie" a ?hat qnickly passed, ahe gave no I f o?®"1' N"thlng to be -called a cry oamiped her. Onoe or twice Sho qpeued her eyes and looked up at Donal as he carried her, i /? at hcr head, then, as if T th,m a8nm. .Before tboy reached the hooso tho dootor met them, for thoy had to walk slowly so us not to shake Forgue came behind in a devilish humor. He knew that lua lU usage of Larkie, and'ttion , his neither saying nor allowing anytlilng to bo ; said about it must havo been tho Cause of the accident, for he know tho horso was not fit- to bo ridden ; but ho felt also, with some satiafec- tion, for when self is first it simply makes devils of ns, that. If sho had not made, up her mind not to go out with him it would not lmvti happened, for he would never have allowed her to mount Larkie, "Sowed her right i" ho caught himself saying onoe, and was ashamed —but could not help presently saying it again. HelL I repeat, is as full of worms as it can hold and Is the damnedest friend a man can havo. ' Bhe was carried to her room, and the doctor examined her, but oould not say muoh. Tlioro were no bones broken, lio said, but sho must keep vory quiet. She gavo a faint smile at tho word, and a pitiful glance at Donal, whom the doctor bad requested to remain when lie turned the test, all bnt Mrs. Brookes, oat of the room, He ordered the windows to be darkened ; she mast if possible sleep. As Donal was following the doctor from ttre chamber Lady Arctura signed to Mrs, Brookes that she wanted to speak to him. He came. She was weak now, and he had to bend over her to hear. " Yon will come and see me, Mr. Grant ?" " I will indeed, my lady," " Every day ?" Y cs, most certainly," he replied, with a glance at Mrs. BrookoB. Sho smiled, and so dismissed him. Ho went with liis heart full, A little way from the door of the room stood Forgue, evidently watching for him to come out. He had sent the doctor to his father. Donal passed him with a bend of his head, which he did not return, but followed him to tho schoolroom. " It is time this farce was over, Grant 1" be said. " Farce 1 my lord," repeated Donal, indig- 44 These attentions of yours to my lady, I mean." 44 1 have paid hor no more attention than T would your lordship, had you required it," answered Donal sternly. " I don't doubt you would rather have me where hor ladyship Is now ; that would bo con venient enough. But I say again, it is time 1,113 were put a stop to, and Btopped it shall J bo. Ever since you came yon havo been at work on the mind of that inexporicnced girl j with your humbug of religion — for what ends of your own I do not care to inquire ; aud - now you havo half killed her by persuading ! her to go out with you instead of with mo. j Tho bruto was lame and not fit to ride, and j you ought to have seen it." I had nothing to do with her going, my j lord. She asked Davie to go with her, and he ' had a holiday for tho purpose," I 44 All very fine, but——" " My lord, I have told you tho truth because it was the truth, not to justify raysolf. You I must bo tolerably aware that your approbation | is of no great valuo in my eyes. But tell : me ono thing, my lord ; if my lady's liorso was lame, how was it she did not know and yon did?'4 By tho question, Forguo thought Donal knew more than, he did, dud was taken aback, 14 It is time the place was clear of yon. " he said. " I am your father's servant, not yours," answered Donal. 44 1 will not trouble myself 03 _ to your pleasure concerning me. Bnt I think it is only fair to warn yon that though you cannot hurt mo nothing but honesty can tako you out of my power," Forgue turned on his heel, and without giving himself tho troublo even to ask himsolf what tho fellow could mean, wont to Mb father, and told him ho had no longer any doubt that Donal was prejudicing tho mind of Lady Arctnra against him. Not until it came ont in tho course of the conversation that followed did lie give tho earl to know of the accident Bhe had had. Ho profossod himself greatly shocked, but got up with Bomothing almost liko alacrity from the Bofa on which he had been lying, and went down to inquire after her. He would havo compelled Mrs. Brookes to admit him had sho beon ouo atom less firm tban she was, and Arctura would havo been stoked from a sleep invaluable to hoar his condolements on ! hor accident. But lie had to return to his room without gaining anything. I If sho were to go the property wonld be his I — that is, if she died without leaving a will. Ho sent for his son and cautioned him over and over, insisting with vehemence even that he should do nothing to offend either her -or any friend of hers, but should keep a fair be havior to all, and wait svhat might come ; who could toll? It might prove a more serious thing than as yet it seemed. Forgue tried to feel shocked at his father's cool speculation, but could not help allowing to himself that, if she was determined not to receive him as her husband, tho next best thing, in tho exigoncy of affairs, woahl cer tainly bo that she should leave a world for whoso nscs she was ill fitted ,yind go where she would bo happier, leaving certain others to occupy tho tilings she had no further need of, and which all the tlmo were more really theirs than hers, True, she was a pleasant thing to looknpon, and if sho had loved him be would liovo preferred tho property with her ; bat if it was to bo his tho other, way, there was this advantsgo, that ho wonld be left free to choose. When one consents to evil, his pro gress in it may bo of appalling rapidity. In the meantime tho poor girl lay suffering feverish and restless. When the night came, Mrs. Brookes would let no one sit up with hor but herself. The earl would have tin,! her send for "a suitablo nurse." -A friend of his in Loedon wonld find her ctoc, but. Ahe would not hear of it. ' And before the night was over she had more ground than alia had expeotod to congratulate herself that it had been Impossible for her to yield. For to her wanderings it wa» plain that the heart _ of hor young - mistress WW more occupied with tbo tutor thanks sense with the potato was suffering ; she spoke to her delirium, con stantly desiring his .presence that sho might refer to him something that tumbled her. "I know he can help me," Bhe would say, 44 for God sent him to mei He ia butajflieuhard, .! know; .but -tho Lord was only a carpenter, llrnt con he no reason for thinking loss of Mixa . And Mrs. Brookes, though by no dear' from the prejudices of jjjg jank with which marih of her life had beon ouo cifttcd— prejudices which are by no moons oon» fined to tho soiliii which thoyare indigenous— could not bnt allow to herself that a far more iisofui and nohle.lifo moat be pesmhle with a husband like Donnl Grant than, with one like Lord JTorgufc. In the middle of the night she grew eo un quiet that the housekeeper, qalling the maid uhe had put in a room near to watch while she waB.gunoior a.few minutes, ran like to a bird to Donald doom, and asked him to como down, Donal had but partially undressed, thinking hia help might be wanted, and was down almost os soon afl she. Ere ho came, however, she had dismissed the maid, and was waiting him. Sho thought, she said, that their patient would sleep better if ahe knew he was in tho room Donal wont to tho bedside. Sbo wa9 moan ing and starting, somotSznes opening her eyes, but dutinguiflhing nothing; He laid his hand on horti, which was outside the counterpane. She gavo a 6igh, as of ono relieved, a smile flickered dvor her faco, and aho lay still for some time without showing any further sin of suffering. Donal Eat down beside her, and watched, The moment ho saw her begin to be restless or appear distressed, ho laid hid hand apon hecs, with the same result : she was im mediately quiet, and slept as if she knew her self safe. When he saw her about to wake he withdrew, having previously arranged it with tho nurse that ho would remain in the eorridor till she called him again .And so things went on, for nights not a few. He slept instead of working by himself when his duties with Davie were over, and at night, wrapped in his plaid, lay down in the corridor, ready tho momont ho was called. Eor even after Arctura began to get hotter bor nights were still troubled. The et range discoveries mode in the castle haunted hot sleep with their own dream variations, and hecr nights wonld have been far from-suitbly refreshing, and her recovery much retarded, had not Donal been near to xnako her feel- dare I not say know t — that she was not aibandonnd to the terrors Bhe had yet to pass through. For her restoration it was chiefly rest she needed \ but she had receivod a severe physical shock, and it was to tho dootor donbt- ful if she would over bo strong again. Ooo night, tho osrl, wandering about the house ia the anomalous and diseased condition of neither ghost nor gonuino mortal, came sad deuly In the corridor upon what ho took for a j huge animal lying in wait to devour whoever j might pass that way. He was not terrified, for | ho was accustomed to such things, and thought I at first it did not belong to tliis world, bnt one j of those-to which drugs are the porters. When he was under the influence of these he had no doubt as to the reality of such visions, even when ho knew they were quite invisible to other people ; and even in bis waking momenta he had not quite of late begun to believe in them quite as much as in the things around him— or rather, perhaps, to disbelieve equally in both. Ho approached to see what it was, and stood Btariug down upon tb o some what un defined mass. Slowly it rose to its feet, and confronted him, if confronting that could be called where both head and faco remained so undefined. Donal took care to keep bis plaid over and round hie bend do tbat he aliould not identify him : if he took him for a robber ho would run. But he had hope in the probable condition of the earl— who in fact tamed from hhn and walked away. His lordship had his auspicious, however, and concluded tbat his son was right, tlmt Donal was madly in love with bis foolish niece, and, she being ill, could rest nowhere but, with the devotion of a savage, outside her door ; if he did not take smtablo precautions one way or another tho rascal might be too much for the gentleman. At his lost inter view with him he had begun not only to hate but to fear the country lad, He had recog nised that he feared nothing, had no respect of persons, that most poverty stricken defence of tho consciously unworthy, and would speak out before the world ; had begun to be doubt- ; ful, recollecting bnt imperfectly how much he had trusted him, whether he might not have told him more than it was well he should know ; and now made up his mind that it was very nearly time to be rid of him. Only it muBtbe done cautiously — maaagod with tho appearance of a thoroughly cood uudorstand- ng, so that neither he nor my lady should suspect. He sot himself to think how host the thing could be effeoted, but with a pro crastination which was moro weakness tban conscience concluded it would bo better to wait a little ; ho would not have him fancy he bad recognised him, and that was the reason. But it wonld be well to have him out of tho bouse before she was able to seo bim agaio. And if in tbe meantime she Bhouhl die, all would bo well, and there would be no cause for uneasiness as to what might bare come to pass. For the earl's distrust, onco aroused, went further than that of his son. He did not believe in blue blood to the same degreo ; knew a few things more than be ; thought it quite possible that the dunghter of a long descent of lords aud ladies should fall ia love with a shepherd lad, or even ono lower still. Donnl must be got rid of! He might be very seriously in tho way. Who could tell what might have not have to be done, if tbe legal owuer of the property were to refuse — to persist in refusing — ber hand to (be rightful owner of it ? There is no interpreter of right with stronger convictions than selfishness. 