The Twopenny Show. USTRALIA'S vast region in sunlight lies , Producing mosquitos, B flats, and flies ; And a Twopenny gentleman, blithe and gay, is taking his mid- winter holiday. The tourist looks round with a father's pride On the beautiful colonies, side bv side : While each, with her brightness, seems to be The star of Australia's company. Chorus — Oh ! for the Twopenny show ! The Twopenny-halfpenny Show 1 " I'm weary of going on thus," says he, " Let's play at exhibiting — such a spree ! A tallow and wool show in London town Will very soon make our productions go down — Go up in the market, at least, I wis ; For the Oockney's traditional ' saddle and fiz ' Can't stand against ' Schiraz ' and frozen chops, That'll smash their vintners' and butchers' shops." Chorus — Oh ! for the Twopenny Show, Ac. " The M.P.'s and newspapers there, afar, Don't know what a wonderful people we are ; Some nuggets and bottles will aid immigration, And prove our resources and civilization ; Will teach them it's money and muscle we want — Not artizan skill, or aesthetic cant — Show them highly trained men but too glad to turn miners, While lumpers and larrikins pick up the shiners." Chorus — Oh 1 for the Twopenny Show, Ac. " Instead of a penny, we'll charge three-pence For a boot-black's minute, and in defence We shall say that blacking must make its way, And that rich men were only born to pay ; And that those who would rather read than roam Must pay double the price of books at home ; While 'twixt very good porter, and very bad ale, The difference in price is a eapitai tale." Chorus— Oh ! for the Twopenny Show, Ac. " The Post Office carvings will form a part Of the show, and point out our achievements in art ; And at Paxton's Palace — so please the Fates — Will take the shine out of Ghibertti's gates. Our Chinkie-made tables and chairs, 1 ween, Will be gall to the beggars of Betlmal Green ; And the absence of Nature's accommodation Will show how refined is our civilization." Chorus — Oh 1 For the Twopenny Show, Ac. " The Refreshment Department will take a share In showing our varied and excellent fare ; For ' Wollongerie," you will all agree, Is better than vilely-made coffee and tea. ) And our mouton J'rappe will burke the days i Of strawberry ices and mayonaise. For though country cousins may fume and fret, ! They'll have to cave in to Australia yet." Chorus — Oh ! for the Twopenny Show, Ac. Thus Twopenny talks, and his friends begin To think he's the devil a yarn to spin. In the highest, the lowest, the loneliest spot, They seek for exhibits, and find them not, But discover a Bag, of existence unknown : — When out leaps the Cat, and the scheme is " blown." For in this feline creature, lo ! The Ghost of the Twopenny-halfpenny Show I Chorus — Oh 1 for the Twopenny Show ! The Twopenny- halfpenny Show ! Threepenny Piece. 