Amusements. Tho associated artfeta slaylnj ItaJJjta (-p«rj» 0 tt« Gaiety Theatre have added anotbor w«ek totheir season, which, musically considered, haa' been ei^ ceedingly' successf uL litho earjy pa,rtof th# '*oe^ ? Erpani'. wa3 performed, and on Tfedjiesday ' Crispiio « la Comaie' t7a3 placedf on Iha fltag^, fairly mounted, and with a cag* that could nob possibly avoid doing justico to it. Kiss Alice Sees was the Annette of the piece, and romarkal?Jjr veil the sustained tba part, while the roty of %h,e oObWor -vras assumed by Signer Benferi, who.in addition ip 4 fair rendition of tho muaio, throw- into the'pai^a degree of comic abandon that made the old myth doubly infcerestiiijj. Signor Pieryontili and Sighor Borzoni were muqh applauded. Tho lady -vrhb played the part of the benevolent fairy, although she made no display of dramatic ability', nevertheless has a sweet soprano voice, and wo should like to hear her again in some otlier character where she would haya more to do than the fairy has in Bicoi's work, and where the demands of the situation -would oblige her to suit her actions to her words and notes. Signor Sbriscia sang the opening solo of the piece, which seemed to us to have a thread of ' Sb'nnam bula' interwoven icit — something like the ghost of a strain or musical idea. We are firm believers in ghosts of this description, for in 'Largo al .facto tum,' and in several other places in the 'Barber,' there are strains which forcibly awaken memories of 'Don Giovanni,' and in 'Don Giovanni' itself there are strains which awaken memories of Haydn, feiguor Sbriscia sang the solo very nicely. The role ot Don Asdrubal was well sustained by Signor Pietro Favas, a meritorious artist, who has been a member of several Italian opera companies in Sydney during past years. It is almost needless to say that with such a cast the performance of the work in a musical souse was eminently successful. 'Ernani,' 'The Masked Ball,' and 'Crispino' have occupied tho company during the week. : 