M" ONDAY, APRIL 2, 1883. Now that the Ministry have all been returned to their selts in Parliament, and have settled down to enjoy what we all hope will be i long and prosper oun tenure of olUie, the constituencies those in the country especially-have the opportunity of again addresning themselves to the subjects of their re quirements. There is no reason to doubt that the new Cabinet will carry out the promises of their predecessors as fair as lies in their power, but still it is just ais well that those of ,s who are vitally interested in long-promised though long-delayed public works should take care that the now occn pants of office shoulld not in the rush of other important public business, forget our claims or put them aside for a time, as has been done so often before. A colmoencement has yet to be smade of the works at the Un trancs to the Gilpps land Lakes, and although we very pro perly abstained from unduly Ipressing the ilatter upon the late Government, after receiving their assurance that the oatlet to the sea should be made, and after they had passed through Par liiament the amount required for the undertaking, still, as things stand now, there is no farthor necessity for the display of saiy delieascy in the case. We think that the tinme has coln fotr plic ing the subject before the Cailinet, soid for requesting that they slloul thike the works in hand at once. The plans conlid be Iprepared at least, ind the now Minister of Public \VWorks wold vesy probably be very glad to pay is visit to the site, sin so snllly Isiesthbeors have done beforn, with snoch deocidedly satisfiotory results. After an ,,gitultion, extending over Imansy years, thei necos siry sirn halis biden Itssend, and pIrhlps the personal inspection of Mir Doakin wosul be fhlowedl by the next stepl, the speedy commlltenlicom t of operls tions. It would be advisable, we have reason to believeo, that the head of the delpartment should be interviewed by is large and prpresentative sa deputation as can be got together, who should bring before him its forcibly its possible the necessity which exists for the new entrance o eing begun at once ; and from what we know, we believe the result will be very favourable. There areo now so mnany of our forl'lllr public Isest ill ihslbourno, that there would be little dilionlity in gotting uip a most influen tial deputation on any publio mlitter affecting Gippslanld front their ini lll-er8 alone,and the handsof it local deputation would be most lmaterially strengthened by their lpresence aiidal ssistances. If the various public bodies woutl once again join their forces, iwe thiuk that such progress would be muldo os wouli leave very little more to lbe done, and although it mnly be argued that the peopleo of the district llveo gone over the ground alroady, yet there can be no huarm in r;epleating the operation. No one canl deny that we have stuck to our work with al detorminaition to sse coed, and that we have succeeded, too, in ait very satisfaetory mnanner. Cer tanily we coutld not expect to secure noreo front the lite Mlnistiry than wo did, bocanse no one in his senses could hniigine that the O'Loghlle Cabinet would sulrvive long enongh to be able to give effect to their intenltionl of lput ting the Enlltrince works under winy. For a csiloerable iortiorton of their later days they had it groat deal too inlch to di, inll Ipreserving their oflicial lives withonut doing imore than pIledging themselves to cal'ly oult imllportanlt ors expensive works. Thair hohl ullpon office wiss of ans exceedingly inlsecture kind at the best of times, but latterly it becsame positively clear that there was no likelihood of their inangnuratt ing nny now public undertatkings. This is aill reversed in the case of the coali tion governlmenlt. To all applarance tlhve have seeaccred a strong hlasii nn which to rest, and unlss tile signs of the times are very decepitive, they iare fitrly in for a long and, let uts Ihope, distinguinshed oflicial career. h'laey will have the means and opportunity of executing. those implllortanlt works, the proloises for wthich hlsvo been securled before, and, lthis being so, we should lose no time int drawing their attention to. thl E lEntrance questionll. Theire is, fortunately, no necessity to trouble outr selves or the Ministriy by repeating the numberless reltsons why the work should be done. The fact has been proved satisfisctorily over andti over again to the great majority of both Houses of Piarlilemont perslonally, and it only remaius inow to ilduceo the Go vernment to give elfect to the voto sit the eariliest Ipossiblu nolnment. iVeo mnay conat lupon the uitslost assistance from both our membnlers, aind from those of the adjoining constitsuencies, who are well posted up in the matter from long oxplorience of thle surroundintgs of tihe case, and the advantages whlich would flow to this and the adjacent olectorates from the sllccessfill conlpletioa of the wotrks. ,Vo miniglt also reOkon on tihe good oflices of thle llumerolles meimbers swho havo itt one tiloe or siotllthe'vislted ihu Insoelity, stlid. who hlave gotne awy fllly ihn'osasndl with the jnstice tld propriety of otur claims, alnll with the imoortantce of tlhe luroposed work. So thlt tlihoero would seem to be a very fivourlllelo oplsortutlity at present to isnakto thie olloial acquaitinthnce of the tnow Mlljis'tty, wilo ivill doitltlses ro ceivel otl ti'Oqlest wVith thle sttentton whlichl the esljoet merits,. A Rleisions Court will be hold to-morrow at the Sala Oourthlou.se On Saturday arftortoon Inst thu gatns anld booths at the forthlomitnlg Salo races were submittod to pablic auotion at MeIosrs Englslish, P'ekt, indl Co.'s yards. The grand stand ad a saddling paddock failed to ruech the reseorvoe placed thereons, £1)5 bohig aisked for it by the Club, and £89 was the bsoat offer. The colisnitneo have thlerefore dloeldoed to try the n.'lrlmoent of moupinlg ititeutnsolvc8. Tll0 ,,\\\tniuso ntnas toll'dkullobkd[' 4 lh r ~.i Welshd for 75; Nuo. I, nr gra ll stid boothl, wes sioured Isy Alr Mailonio Ifor tshe neui of £12; No. 2 buIotli, ol the lst, wasn knocked down to Mr Kiss for £39. Two fruit stalls were disposed of for £8. Alto gether the handsome sum of £164 was realised. Mr S. Miller's Boolka, and Mr J. Lang's King of the Vale have boon scratched for the Sale Turf Club Handi cap. Accounts are lying at the Receipt and Pay Office, Sale, for A. Beaver, H.: Harkin, H. C. Staveley, E. M'Entyre, 1\. O'Keofe, E. Harrison, J. Hurley, J. B. Kelly, T. Feely, and at Maffra, for A. Goerrand. At a meeting of the Eight Hours League held at the Albion Hotel, oct Saturday evening last, HIr T. Considine was ap pointed a delegate to attend the confer once to be held in Melbourne on the 24th of May next. It is notified in last week's Government Genetic, that Wednesday and Thursday, the 11th and 12th of April next (Race days) are appointed to be observed as pub lic half holidays at Sale. In connexion with the above, it may be mentioned that at the intervention of Mr M'alillan, the secretary of tile Sale Turf Club, the Min ister of Railways has consented to issue excursion tickets from Melbourne on the days mentioned, available for return until tile following Saturday night. An appli cation has also been made to the Asso ciated Banks to grant half holidays to their employees in Sale, and a reply re ceived to the effect that if the managers of the various branches ask for it the boon will be granted, consequently the mnatter is now in their hands. Tihe acconunodation at the Hospital just now is rather heavily taxed, and there ero now only two vacancies for in patients, one in thu male and the other in the fomuels ward. Should, however, more than that number be required, arrange monts could very shortly be made to re ceive more patients. At tlhe sale of crown lands in foe-simple, thold on Friday last at tie auction rooms of Messrs GeOnnell, Tuckett, and Co., Melbourne, two allotments, each Ir lop, immediately north of tlhe railway station reserve, Trafalgar, realised £8 12s 6d and £15 10a respectively. A suburban lot, in the parish of Tarragon, county of Buln Bulnt, brought £2 15s an acre, and another lot £3 1ls all acre. Two allotments, ad joining the township of Waterloo, pariasl of Warragul, county of Buln Buln, sold the first 4a 2r 9p, for £3 per acre, and the second 4a Or lp, for £4 6s per acre. A meeting of tlhe committee of the Sale Turf Olub was held on Saturday afternoon last, at the Royal Exchange Hotel, Mr W. E. Power in the chair. The Secretary stated tile mooting was called in consu quence of a telegratm ho had received froml the Hon. W\\. Pearson, il reference to the discovery of an error made in the conditions for the Salo handicaps, by which each ntminator was liable for the whole amount of tle swooeeps. Mr Peaterson in his telogrtnm stated that Ihe had told those from whom he Ihad accepted entries that they had only to pay £1 to see their weights. After a conversational discus sion on thie matter, it was decided to ad journ the meeting until Wednesday next, the Secretary in the meantime to write to Mr Pearson explaining matters and asking him to attend the meeting. We have been requested to rectify a slight error, made by our contributor, " Sogenhoo," re the appointment of judge tat the opening mnatch of thie Gippsland Coursing Club. Ho stated that lie was given tts understand that the reason Mr itust was not appointed was that the coutmmitteo thought it was not right to ask hint to leave his busioess new that lhe lives so far away; whereas the fact is that Sir Rust had been coummunicated with, and ta reply received stating that, owing to engagements over the Sale races, he could not give his services for that moot iug, but tihat lhe would be most happy to at any other time. For some time past residents in the vicinity of the hospital have boon troubled by smen and boys shooting flying foxes, and as the boundary of the borough is far beyond that place, the police intend keeping an active look-out in the future. Mr A. Harris, M.L.A., representing some residents at Toongabbie, on Thurs day, requested the Minister of Lands to prohibit the sale of a piece of land includ ing a waterholo, which was required by them for water supply purposes. The sale of the land had been recommennded by the local land board. Uir Tucker pro. rmised that the land should not be sold. Although the allotment was not absolutely gazotted as a reserve, there was no doubt that it was virtually a reserve, and must therefore not be sold. At the Sale Police-court on Friday last, before Mr A. W. Howitt, P.M., a number of persons were ined utdoer the Education Act for neglecting to send their children to school in sunts ranging fromt one, to twenty shillings. At the conclusion of the cricket match on Saturday, Sale v. Juniors, a single wicket nmatch was played between E. Scatnlnt and M'Millan, the latter winning by about nino runs. A wrestling match thon took place between M'.Millan and Cluoents, M'Millan being again the victor. Scanloa then viedtvitihMl illanat wroestling, and this time was confident of suecoss, 'ut for the third time M1'Millns was victorious. The Onono correspondent of the Acts. trttltica? stattes that tile yield of farm pro. duce itl this district bids fair to top tithe colony this year. Of wheat 30, and of oats 40 bushels are the averages per acre. Rain is badly wanted, feed for stock being very scarce. The 4.47 p.m. train to-deay will take two trucks of horses from Sale, for. Messrs CaOmpholl, Pratlt, and Co., and one truck of shcop for iMosrs Dal. Ceampbell atd Co. Thie 5.20 p.m. trait will takelo five trutks of sheep for Mossrs It. Gibson and Co.'; ive truckls for iMoers King tand Ounigham ; flonur trucks from Rlosdalo, for Messrs Pouwers, Rutherford, and Co. The 7.15 p.m. train to-mtorrow will take seven trucks of cattle for Mlessrs A. M'Leal antd Co. I soveo trucks for Mr J. G. Douglharty. 'Te 5.20 p.m. train will tnakle froct Sale, 13 trucks of cattle for Mossrs Dal. Camnpbell and Co. Thie 5.10 Il, n. train will take throe trucks of pigs fromnt Sale, for Mossrs Stratford, Strettle, and Co.; four trucks of cattle ?or resars King and Outtingham; throee trucks ftr Mossrs Peek and Co.; throe trucks for Messra Powers, Rutherford, and Co. The 3.45 plme. train will take from Sale, one truck for Messrs Rn Olibsnt and Co.; seven trucks front Rosedele, for tile sacte firm s thrao trucks from Iosedale, for Mosers Pecek and Co i one truck from SIorwell, for Mr 0. Howat, and one truck for Messonrs R. Gibson and Co. The 3.30 p.mt. trami will take from Rosedale, 10 trucks for Monessrs A. i'Loan. and Co. and fourl trucks for Mossrs King acd Cunitlnem. The 3.15 p.m. train will takle froec Rosedelo, two trucks fnr iMr J. O. Doughrty ; seven trucks for Muesrs Dal COuupboll antd Co. ; throo trucks from Traralgon, for thie sante firce; two trucks for Messrs U. Gibson and Co. Thie 0.10 p.nt.. train from \Varragul will take Ata truck for Mb esrs Pockle acd Co. ona truok of pigs fron Iatrouln, lor. Mosrs'Stt atford, Strottle, and Co. owtet trfolek of. cattle for Mesers .4: S'Lbetl and Cou: oijo truck for 'Moserr Ki1, ' tnd Ounin.Wiginm; ono truck irit?" B.irtteIk, for misea rs Stratford Strettle, land Co. 'rle I i p.m; trainc will takloe ote truck of cattle front Droul, to Oakloigh, for Mir J. K. Junsincgs. Saturday was the nomination day for the All-aged Stake for 32 dogs at £2 2s each, to be run for on the 0th and 10th insts., at the opening meeting of the North Gippeland Coursing Club, but as only 12 nominations were received, it was proposed by Mr Quinn, and seconded by Mr Robinson, and carried, "That the time for receiving nominations be extended till Thursday next, night of general entry and draw." On the mo tion of Mr Quinn, seconded by Mlr R. Gilder, jun., Mr. Harrison was appointed flag steward. On the motion of Mr Nor ton, seconded by Mr Robertson, Mr Gilder was appointed slip steward. Mr J. Swan was appointed slipper, on the motion of Mr Quinn, seconded by Mr Norton. Professor Carl, to whom reference was made in our last issue, and who, it will be remembered, visited Sale some twelve months since, announces elsewhere that he will give an exhibition in the State school, on Wednesday evening next, con sisting of pantommimo views of the Arabian nights, All Baba and the Forty Thieves, submarine views of the bottom of the sea, illustrating the perils of a diver's life, and numerous other interesting subjects, also the great magnifying chromnatrope, and the grand oditrope or the illusion of optics, ho will also introduce a mechanical illusion from the Royal Polytechnic In stitution, London, entitled, " The Ghost of a Lady. Tire professor has a special claim upon the sympathy and support of the public, as he is deaf and dumb, and the descriptive portion of the programme will be read for him by a local gentleman. Apart from this we believe the entertain ment will be found a highly interesting one, and well worthy of a visit, and we hope to see the professor rewarded with a bumper house. We are requested to direct attention to the advertisement appearing elsewhere of the new " Wilson" oscillating shuttle sewing machino, which was awarded the prize at the recent Agricultural Society Show in Sale. Mr P. J. Brennan is the local manager, from whom all information relative to this useful article can be obtained. A man named M'Kaill who has been imposing on the public by means of value less cheques, was arrested by Constable M'Kano on Saturday afternoon. He will be brought up at the police court this morning. Mr Hartshorn, head teacher of the Echuca State School,. having in view the comfort and health of his pupils, had punkas erected in the school at the begin ning of last year, the cost of which was defrayed by subscriptions. These punkas during the very hot weatheor experienced in Eohuca this sununer, have served to keep the air in the school fresh and cool, and the idea could be very profitably followed up in other parts of the colony, Gippsland not excepted." Early in the summer, one of these contrivances was fitted up at Mrs Bryant's Club Hotel, and visitors to the house found it very re freshing during the very hot days experi enced this season. Now that the utility of the punka is becoming so well known, during next Sunmer they will, in all probability, be extensively used throughout tihe colony. A limited number of candidates being required for the Foot Police Force, appli cations from persons desirous of being employed therein will be received at tile Police Dep6t, Victoria Barracks, St. Kilda road, on Tuesday, the 17th April, at 10 a.m., and on the following Tuesday, the 24th April, at the some hour. Candi dates will not be appointed if over the ago of 30 years, and must be at least 5ft. Din. in height. All candidates must be smart and active, of astrong constitution, and free from any bodily complaint or defect. To ascertain theso facts indepon dently candidates must undergo a strict medical examination . . The Hon. J. B. Patterson's name has been mentioned pretty freely of lato as the probable chairman of the Railway Board about to be created. No doubt Mr Pat terson's conspicuous administration of the Railway Department pointed to himn as the most fit for the position. Having placed ourselves in communication with him (says the loLA. Mail) to ascertain the truth of the rumour, we received the following characteristic reply-" I have not the re motest intention of accepting any appoint mont. I have a generous constituoncy and ia good business ; what more does a man want 1" A few months ago an application was made to tire then Commissioner of Public Works by Mr Peter Wallace, M.P., for a surm of money to aid the erection of a suitable lighthouse off the ranges on Mount St. Bernard, Gippaland. Trhe preo sent shelter sihed there (says the Herald) is falling into decay, and as some place where travellers can obtain cover from the severe storms of. thei mountains, which often leave from four to eight feet of sntow, it is necessary, tthe Minister pro tuised a grant in aid of providing it. It was found, however, that the require ments of the present residents of the St. Barnard hospice were, greater than the Public Works department considered ne cessary, but as thie matter has again booen brought under tihe attention of the Depart moent by Mr Wallace it has been decided that action shall at once be taken, and it is probable sufficient shelter accommoda tion will be at once provided, the build ings being leased to the resident at a rental of seven per cent. on the outlay in erecting them. Should the snow set in as usual, great difficulty will be expori onced i coompleting the necessary struc ture before the comning winter. The Police Commission have drawn up their report upon the working and admin istration of tile police force, and the doeu mont, which is voluminous, will probably be presented to His Excellency tihe Go vernor about tile 10th prox. The report recommonds that thie force should be placed under thoe administration of throe comsnissionors, consisting of thie present chief cormmissionor and two officers hold ing thie rank of superintendents, thie three to be placed on an equral footing. They consider that Inspector Socretail and De tectives O'Callaghan and Duncan should niot, in the interests of the service, be longer continued in the force, aid they prnctically recomnntild the dismissal of those ollicers. Our Melbourne correspondent writes: " Superintendert Kabat, who lately hold offico at Sale, has beeoon touched on his dignity. Upon taking up the work in the Geslong district he discovered a state of thlings lwholly at variance with what he expected. Thie gonoral publio ait that place were by far too familiar anid on too armicable terms with tire police to suit him. He therefore cast about for someonse to begin ,1pon, and selected Constable Glee son, whoti he ordered at once to be re moved to another district,.on tile ground that hie knew too malty people at Geelong. However, Gleeson was so well liked, and ase thought so tinlch of at Oeolong, that a petition, signed by aborut five ihlttrol people, was presented to the Ohloiefucro tary to hiave hIis, goEvics retained in tile t4itrie. M r 'tabat then fraimed a code 91 rls for the conduct of thie force, Shich he at once issued. The restrictions contained theroeiu wore of suchll a IRature that the rnen declared their liv9o taerp a perfooet tnmisery to them, arnd if they could niot hlsro a Wih glimpses of sunlshlinro o cnsionrlly they wore better out cs tio force altogether. The nmatter will nrot rest where it now stadlrrs, and it is pro bablo that tile wlnsole illhir, with thie regulations issued, will be considered at head-quarters very shortly." MLr Kabat had charge of this district for many years. and tho beat of feeling existed between him and his subordinates up to the time of his leaving Sale. Applications are invited for the posi tion of Engineer to the Shire of Rose dale, particulars will be found elsewhere. Calls are announced in the Haunted Stream, and Parnell Q. G. M. Co.'s. Messrs R. Guthridge and Co. announce that in future they will hold their cattle sales in the Borough yards on Saturdays, instead of Thursdays as heretofore. The half-yearly muster of the Rosedale common, will commence to-day, and ex tend over to-morrow and Wednesday. 