Ilusli. A REMARKABLE fossil bird has been dis co rere J ki tho neighbourhood of Rheims, It was found in an eocene deposit, and must have been, when alive, at least 10 feet in height. This singular bird possessed a com paratively large skull, and appears to have been related to a duck, although in reality it occupies an ornithological rank quite unique THE Celestial Empire, of Shanghai, says that the comet which made its appearance last October was first noticed in Pekin accidentally by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, Le-Hong-Kang, as he was return ing home at midnight from an andience with the Emperor. The Minister harried back to his sovereign, and told him that an ominous sign had appeared in the heavens. The Emperor sent for the Court astrologers, who, after consultation, informed him that the meaning of the portent was that the gods were angry with two of his principal Ministers, whom the Emperor forthwith dis missed. A MAIDEN lady said to her little nephew : -' No, Johnny ; you go to bed early, and always do so, and you'll be rosy cheeked and handsome wbeu you grow up.' Johnny thought over tint a few minutes and then ob served, ,; Wei!, auntie, you must have sat up a good deal when you were young,' ' A SONÉ Scotsman ' writeB in a state of exasperation lo the London Time» to com plain that when out walking on the preceding Sunday with a young lady ' after church,' two circumstances which might sufficiently account for his chivalrous and charitable mood, their attention was attracted to a man who eagerly seized, a slice of bread lying io the gutter, and begai apparently eagerly to devour it. Immediately running across the road he put a-coin into the man's hand, re commending him to go And have something in the public-house not very far off. This done, he began to reflect, and his national caution quickly reasserted its empire. How could that slice of bread have got ia that gutter at such an appropriate time ? After seeing the young lady to her gate, he gave chuso, and having already realised that he had been ' done,' confesses he was not sur prised to fiud thc same game played over again half-a mile down the road, returning home a sadder, and, he hopes, a wiser mau.' THE Glen hines Examiner says :-Last Sunday afternoon au uncommon occurrence was witnessed in Taylor street (north of the town;. Soon after dinner-time the residents heard a noise as of a heavy hailstorm in the distance, and on going outside were alarmed to find the sound came from a tremendous whirlwind, which was wrecking everything that came in its way. Tho first mark for its fury was the brewery chimney. This was hurled lo thc ground, while the sheds were unroofcJ, large sheets of iron being carried fully úOft. into the air. Huge tree« were stripped of their boughs, and a large water hole was altuoet emptied. Some idea of the force of the revolving mass may be tormed when wc stale thaï a heavy draught horse was thrice whirled round and finally throwD oil' his legs. SELFISHNESS, says the Now York Times, appears almosi to accompany abstinence from tobacco. Tue mau who, for a long serieB of years, abstained >'>iu tobacco, seems to lose all sense of which '.i doo to other people, and the to stana^^HQI^^^^^^^^HJI The smokero withdraw to^P'*MVMrom7 which is asnallj a dirty anil disagreeable place. They never force their way into the ladies' cabin, to occupy seat« to which men have no right. Tt is only non-smokers who exhibit this offensive variety of selfishness, and nothing could more clearly demonstrate the degrading moral effect of not using tobacco. TRUTH is much stranger than fiction : In illustration of this a correspondent has furnished the following story, for the troth of which he vouches. A well- known city man being too late for the bank on one of the race days, put his bank-book with several loose cheques in it into his coat pocket. On his way home he called at the place of busi ness to get some gold, and as he entered his own shop his attention was called to tho fact that some papers were hanging out of hu pocket behind. These were his cheques, and on examination he found that one was mis sing, Eetracing his steps he sought every where for the lost one, but unsuccessfully. Haring again arrived at his own door he was accosted by a friend} and they began to talk on some indifferent subjects. By-and-bye their attention was drawn to the vagaries of a piece of paper which was spinning round and round high in air above the shop. After many a gyration the paper slowly descended, till it alighted exactly between tho two gentlemen. Something in its appearance caused the second gentlemen to put his foot upon it to stop his further progress, and on his lifting it up, the first gentleman saw to his amazement in the funny bit cf paper the Government cheque which he had so lately lost-Hobart Mercury. FRACTIONS of a penny hare never been paid by the Bank of England in distributing the dividends on the national debt, and the accumulations of the unpaid fractions amount to £143,000. A BBOOKLYH boy wrote a composition on the subject of Qaakers, whom he described as a sect who never quarrelled, never got into a fight, never clawed each other, and never jawed back. The production contained a postscript in these words-" Pa's a Quaker, but ma isn't." THIS is how the Irish land grievance ap pears to a writer in the World of January S :-" There is terrible confusion in Ireland about land and itt» value. The tenant has got hopelessly mixed ; and what with Davitt's doctrine about the ' for the children of men ' and the general reduction of rents by sob corn missioners, I do not in the least wonder the people are thoroughly demoralised. It is just as if English consumers were suddenly told that, mit only have have they been pay ing too much a pound for beet and mutton for the last 10 years (which is quite true), but tuât a commission was to sit -4n each town to settle the exact price that batchers should charge for meat. Land is beef and mutton to the Irishman, and consequently he really does not know what to do with his new powers. The general result is that he is trying to * io ' everybody ali round, with con . siderable success.' SOME time ago a number of girls in Maine formed a sort of protective union and adopted a series of resolutions for their government One of their by-laws was that they wonld marry no man who had not learned some steady employment no man, who was in the habit of tippling and no man who was not a patron of the leading paper in the neigh bourhood. The President of the society ran away from home in two Weeks with the piauoist of a concert saloon. The following week the secretary was married to a man who not only did not take a newspaper but could ne:ther read nor write and in less than six months six other members bad violated their respective obligations in one way or another leaving one old maid as the sole faithful re presentative of a union whose wise purposes certainly cannot be questioned. And yet some of the women folks are dissatisfied be cause they cannot become Masons. A SOLDIER has been tried by court-martial at Denmore Barracks, Galway, for having left his post while on duty outside the goal, alleging that he saw the ghost of Myles Joyce, which frightened him away. His story was disbelieved, and he was sentenced to 12 month's imprisonment. ON Tuesday night, in th« Protestant Hall, a meeting convened by the Mayor of Sydney in response to a requisition, was held to pro test against the mission of the Messrs, Red mond, who were visiting the colony on be half of the Irish National League. Th? Mayor presided, and amongst those on the platform were several members of Parliament, and a number of leading citizens. The body of the hill was densely crowded and some thousands of persons were unable to obtain admittance. At the entrances of the hall there were bodies of police to preserve order. Speeches were made by Sir Henry Parkes, the Rev. Dr. Barry, the Rev. G. Southerland, Mr. A. Cameron, M. L. A., Mr. J. Fletcher, M. L. A., and Mr. W. T. Poole, M. L. A., and resolutions were carried by overwhelming majorities in support of the object in view, as well as expressing sympathy with the Imperial Government in its recent difficulties in connection with the Irish Land League, and deep abhorence of the Phoenix Park murder and other ontrages. A ptrong body of noisy individuals were among the audience and created a great deal of disturbance, until after a scene of much confusion their leaders were focibly ejected from the hall. When the meeting was over there was a gathering outside of some thousands of persons, and an attempt was made lo inflict bodily injury ou Sir Henry Parkes, but by the effortB of the police thc hon. gentleman escaped nnhurt in a cab. One of the leaders ot the disturbance was arrested on a charge of riotnous conduct. A WARRANT has been issued lor the arreBt of " N'umber One,"' who directed the assas sination committee. His name, though known to the authorities, is kept a profound secret. MR. W. CLARKE moved a resolution in the House on Tuesday declaring that, in the opinion of tho House, schools of Agriculture crïïrar^WB^rÂKo^^^Bcience, and referred to the measures taken in varions places, and notably in some of thc colonies, such as New Zealand and South Australia, for teaching botany, and the sciences in agricultural col legia. TBS " challenge election " has eventuated as was generally surmised. Taylor, for Mudgee, secured 1289 voles, McElhone 645. The Upper Hunter p illing was as follows : McElhone, 516; Fitzgerald, 460; Wilshire, 216; Bowman, 173. It is thonght that McElone, the successful candidate, having been nominated without his consent, will keep his word, and again resign his sea*, necessitating a fresh election. 