The. Newcastle Spectre -isitors from Nec.astlNS.W ; N S Mr E. aintd his fur young bride, with i rire of fricnds both.young ? and :mature '.: ge, whien, the'.fol:: ldowingi tale??vass giveii to i s by:one who ihaild seen tih phenomena, anti whose narraiive was endorsed ,bya lady who haild alo witniessed thie iinarvellous appearancesc ore thani'once. ;Of the triith of; the ?t'iatetintm' I have. ?to doubt? nor vill miiy reiders"iwhen they have perused it. I;will eideavourI to reproduce, as far as possible rroin memory thevivid porirayal of the scenes, but iespair of being 'able- ti o accurately depict the powierful niva 'oae style of the niarrator. f You'have," he said, ! doubtless heard or readiin the -Niew South WViles niespapers of the' fearful finiding of the; headless' body lf ia: young girl in the sea it Shepherd's Hill, neiar INewcastle. No: clue was ever discovered lt the. identification of: the; body, nor isas it:ever fonild 'who she had beeni, or hosv she had 'imet her death:. It was generailly belired, how ever, that murder had been comnitted, buit the pierpetrator swill in allf possibility never ?;lbe knowni till that grea? ?day when .:'all seere?' will lhe revealedih . ' .:- . It ea- was somi'e.?cki"?after'it?j ent'on a beautiful c?ali si 'ineinersi'hywhewe- ' frenil 'dnd I whlo lldgcd togetherLifistiead Of going to bed'like "otier"Christiansa.botit-ten o'clock decided dto go "do?ni on the robks; andd fish: for an hour or two,: asneither.of us felt at all inclined to sleep.:'; So:.duly suipplied with' bait anld lines, we descended the steelitand narrow. footpatli wlichl isthe' only means of geting' down tol the beach fromn SShepherd's SIill, whichl is abouiit tio: hiundied feet higli, mid sin:s very abruptly to the sea -..: Arrived at: the 'rocks;,-e tried in;vain tto 1entc 1t0 ie ennydenicens of lie aicr No good foriiuneattenled us, hiit gradually thie. solemnity of the scene sank' into our souls, as Wc- listened to the swish ofSlie rwaves, which: seemed iiiournfully to rise' and- swellsc, tlien suddenly to dash again;t tlhe rocks, anl'd then the retreatingwater wotld ggurgle back through the crevices, with sountds terribly' suggestiie of the last groans of drotning itnen.: The heivy sighs of tie night breeze moanedl it iitervals through the buslies, antin a ocasional harsh cryof some night bird startled theea cr. In tlie sea itself there sas that fascination which it al ways possesses at night thli iidea of vastness and miglity strength held in check, yet ready in:a moment to engulf the gizer. Oft of its depths onow. anil again swoud gleanim some phosphorescent globes, as if soine Utkiiowsi monster of the deep was' passing, and had glared at the intrudirs witll eyes of fire..: The whole scefie was wild, weird, iand sionderfully suggestive of those terrible secrets which are hid under the depths of the holloivsoimnding and mysterious main, in whose deep caverns sleep the young, the wise, the brave, who have "Sunk into its depths With bubbling moain, Without a grave, unknclled, uncofined; and unknown." 1 am not a superstitious man, and it was probably more a spice of raillery than any other feeling, which made me reccal to my complan ion's memory the fact that ive were only a few yards from the deep slit in the rocks where the body of the murdered girl hlad beent found. HI-eX did not appear to relislhthe remembrance, and bade me be quiet raither roughly. The fact that lie appeared a trille. uneasy only incited me to further effort in the same directidn; and I repeated some stories of supernatural visita tions,-each increasing in horror, until at length hIt fairly begged me to hold my peace. I took a malicious pleasure in still further arousing his fears, at. which I inwardly laughed.. Finally he said abruptly, "There is no use. lishing hieirewe are catching nothing but cold. - Come on ; let us get on the beach and inakeforhome.: I'am all in ashiver.". After some conversation we started; - in fact a cold. wind had arisen; ind it was now past midnighlt. . ,The witching hour of nighit;when churcli: yards yawn and sheeted dead arise and walli the earth."'I repeated these lines aloud as I led the way to a cave near by; in 'which.we took shelter. "~For goodness sake stop your confounded nonsense about ghosts :and :such-like things," he rather angrily said, but I could see. him glancing nervously on either side iand behind him. In fact'- it was evident- he was greatly frightened. '" It was just right bleforie us, ii that narrow cleft -in' that rock, that the lod): was', found, swaying back and forwards with'the action'of the water,as .if 'she wieie still" alive, although headlessi. :What would-you: think, if, ee were to seeiher now?" : : :: "' Hold. your tongue, will'you I: will not stay here another' moment,""and` away he went at a rapid pace up the narrow footpath, a:nd I followed. We had got about half way'up, when he' caught hold of me w·ith a terrified stait, aind pointing down he gasped out, S"See there what's that? ..Lord have' mercy uponius l There she is !' I turned and looked, and as I am" a; living man I saw the form of a woman, imagedin a white and glowing vapour, which rose and fell in a bright light, clear and bluish like: the electric light, although not so brilliant. The form increased and diminished; rising up like a column, and. again sinking down to about the human height, yet always retaining the' outlines of a headless female form; clad. in white and ,waving glittering raimilent. To say that I was startled would not be all the truth. A cold, clammy dew stood on my forehead, antd my hair seemed to stand erect. My companion was completely paralysed with terror. After a few moment's pause, I took out a pair of opera glasses, and had a fuller view of the apparition, which only seemed clearer and nearer thanbefore. " It must hae lbeen my nervousness caused me to miss mycoat-pocket; and drop the glasses, which tell over the cliff and dashed on the rocks nearly at the foot of the figure, which never stirred at the sound. 'We had seen enough for the time, and ascended the-rest of the steep path in less time, I thilk; tlian it was ever done before.. We had niot- advanced.far on our ivay when I observed the figiire vanislh in an instant suddenly as a gas' jet when extinguished. But when vwe reached the top it Was there again, swaying and quivering brightly as before. .. To say that we got home rapidly is a very mild way of putting it, but we agreed noti?to speak to anyone of whatwe hadil seen. It 'was only a few days after, when we heard it spokei 'of-others' had seen it as well as us, 'and their, descriptioin was exactly in accord with ours. 'Tie subject was metitioned alta friendly meeting. I was present, and oneoflmy friends 'roposed we should all go down together, ind see this strange :phenomenon. One, great strong felloiw said he would question 'it at all h?azrds, and so we started, andrer.ched thie lop of the cliff about midiight." "TlierCewas the slilninefigure, as bright and luminous as ever. Who wil go down the: cliff withme? I do noti know that I ever s;ronged afma in n life,m aiid aim not tobe daiunted.by any spiri? if it be; one, said our strong friend; Yi.snas 'anlfiou'tg ao itnwareri and volun teerpd to gccopgpny hi -m.;-\ e hadi got fbuta stiiall wiaydown the path When it disappeared iagain not? fadiiing; aw"y,' grdiada ',l, to? ,an; instant.: When more titan hlialf:way don, it reappeariedl i' stddenly; \'We were 'tlien per hlapsfifty feelt above it, and miy frienld lifted his arms abo'e ' his healid and soleniil, adjtired it thusate I the h inastfe" of .Gel tell nieo what. art tio u? butStno reply svgsgisceil ;.;< Wv. 1caohedd thi' each -anil?drci nearer sill, dli again it anished from' sight V._e senat right up to the spot wheir ithad gleaiuted" a inbment ?-nce but alln sas dakik; - hen we agaifn eturinel abohi:N tienty yards 'if, it" vs again visltle as se left the spot, lii thefcourse of.a few, dai s huldreds had visited and seen= the appearance, bIitt fei liiad nierve to ipproach nearer than the :top of the cliff, The croiwd of Irrikinsincited night after night for it, and fired pistols aiid cast stones at it, linutthey piassed through its immaterial foirm; as if. it were thin air. The newspapers were; fullof it but ?evivho had been near it kelt our. owncounsel, and left' it' for" thers to. find out tlati the gleans of a bright stai, reflected in the rippling;?~er through the narrow and peculiar shaped cleft oif the rock, mid only visible fonin :cerntin points of iiw, had takeq thg fqrns and shiap'e :1the;Ne?vcast.g ghost " ' 