THE HON. W. B. D ALLEY AND THE CONTEMPT OF COURT BILL. At tho close oE the debate in the Legislative Council tho Attorney-General in reply made an eloquent, powerful, and brilliant speech. Mr. Dalloy said : — Whon, Sir, so swooping a reform is (supported by tho unanimous feeling of the country out of doora — (hoar, hoar) — ao far ao it can bo gathered from public expression— (hear, hear) — and by thoughtful and accomplished men in Parliament tho caoe arainsfc tho abuse which it is proposed to remove must indeed bo an over whelming ono. Porhaps it will be well, before I go any further, to explain clearly what i3 moant by the clause which provides for tho initation of proceedings for contempt by the AttorneyGen eral. It simply means that he alone shall origi nate ouch proceedings. If in his view a contempt of the administration of juotico v/hich immedi ately and directly effects it (such as that referred to in the Irish eaoo brought before Mr. Justice Lawson) takes place : if something is done which may prevent a fair trial — some gross and criminal interference with tho course of justice io pursued, then he mav at onco brine such offondor before tho Court, to bo dealt with summarily. (Sen,r, hear.) In any other case he would proeeod in tho logitimato manner by way of indictment and have tho accused tried bj a jury. (Hear, hear.) That io all that is meant and intended to ho provided by the section. As my loarned friend, Mr. Gordon, pointed out so lucidly, tho instant criticisms of English journals on the result of trials, tho directions of Judges, and tho proceed ings generally of courts of justice are of tho fullest and ntrongesfc character. J3nt tho Judges novor dream of bringing up the writers in those journals for ouch strictures. JJet rue give the Houso an illustration. About this time lust year a great caoo — involving tho reputation of a fashionable sculptor, who was said to bo an impostor — was tried before Baron Huddleaton (ono of the Earona of the Court of Exchequer) and a jury. Baron Huddleston is a man, I believe, of great reputa tion ; waa a Judge of the Court. of Common Pleas many years ago, and waa once in Paris the recipient (as the representative of the English Bar) of a banquet given to him by the great Bar of France, under the presidency of the present ruler 0? that country. ECe was a man of eminence — a distinguished Judge — and engaged in the ferial of a great case, in which tho greatest of living English artists wero called cs witnesses. At the conclusion of the case, when £5000 damages wore given for the plaintiff, ono of the firot o£ English journals (circulating among men and women of culture) used those words in a leading article. I quote them from the first page of fche^pATm Maui Gazette of 20fch March, 18S2. '?The first acboE that serio-comic entertainment which has been performed at the Court of Ex chequer is now over. Wo say tho first act, for already it io clear that wo have not yet heard tho last of the sculptor's ghost. To begin with, the action of Ver Hey don against Belt will probably reopen tho whole case. Besides that, though otay of execution x/na refused, tho defendant's solicitors havo already announced their intention of applying for a new trial. Without speculating upon fcho probablo result or such an application, one cannot be blind to the fact that fcho conduct of tho case has at almost every point been dis creditable to the administration of justice in this oountry, and in particular to tho reputation for dignity and impartiality which English Judges havo so long and 00 v/ell maintained. A few more summinga up like the clever speech for fcho plaintiff which Baron Huddlesfcon has fcakon sun dry days to deliver would go far to break do wa fcho tradition of tho Bench. Not that we have fcho slightest sympathy for fcho defendant in this matter, still loss for his principal witness. Sub stantial justice would perhaps have been done by a verdict for Mr. Belt with iCta. damages and no costs. But justice is justice in any case, even when noither party comes into court with very clean hando. The plaintiff scarcely needed so stout a supporter on tho bench. His onemy wa3 delivered into bio hands.' The Spectator said that the Baron'o charge could only be compared to another and much shorter one, which is said to have been delivered in these words, ' Gentle men of tho jury, the prisoner at tho bar stole tho boots. (Laughter.) You will find a verdict in accordance with your opinion of the evidence.' Half tho press of tho empire indulged immedi ately after the trial in criticisms of the same character. Not a single writer in any journal was aummoned to answer for this universal con tempt. (Cheers.) I may remark of tho paper from which I have made tho quotation that its editor is also the editor of tho delightful series of 'English Men of Letters,' and that Mr. Glad atone has publicly spoken of the paper as one of the first of European journalo. I waa wrong just now in assorting that tho public feeling oil tho country is unanimously on our side in thio con templated reform. I had failed to remember that ono voice at least was raised against uo, which warns the public that do far from tho ve33ol of the State carrying in this Contempt Bill a freight of liberality and wisdom, she is neither moro nov leao than a ' Fatal ami perfidious lini'lc Built iutlio eclipse :uiu rigged wii'.li. curses dark ;' and that her crow aro a body of piratical gentle men on fcho look out for all the rich rnorchtindiso of the -wisdom of fcho agco with objocta of plunder and destruction. I v/aa in error in remarking that noi; a single profco;;fc agransls our proposed action has beon made by any 0' fcho public out o£ doors. I quite overlooked ' romai- kablo contri bution furnished to a well-known evening papor a day or two tutor fcho motion \va3 made that this bill bo road a ooeond time, mid when, aa you aro aware, I was fcho only person who had cpokon on it. That contribution wan ia tone and sontiraont exactly nb variance with fcho liberal cud enlightened opinions of the journal in which it was inaortod, but WR33 I preaumo, jjsrmittsd to r.ppoiii' in tho Br.orci.DO of editorial oagaciLy either vjj :i joko or ao an illustration o-! fcho oxfcromo violenco of cxproa oion which may bo indulged in by fcho uupporfcora og privilege a.nc} authority, Tho writer is perfectly inflamed with generous indignation against fchoso who would daro to roform any abuses, and proceeds to calmly and philosophically discuss this question by denouncing everybody. We havo often enough suffered from young and old gontlomon who mocked our deliberation, and taunted us with, affecting a Conservatism which did not bolong to us, and giving ouroolvos the protenfciouo aim of a oolecfc body. AH this we havo borne with meekness and equanimity. But what shall we Bay of tho entirely nev; character which we are about to assume of becoming a revolution ary tribunal? And yet fchia is what this uncontrol lable correspondent who has manifestly just intoxicated himself with Carlylo aaya of us. ± ask you, Sir, in this venerable Assembly to point ua out Fouquior Tinville — in tho Parliamentary Bonse, Sir, to name Fouquior Tinville. I shall not fcroublo you, Sir, fco naino the revolutionary Attorney- General who is ' allying himself with wild theorists in pulling down regulated autho rity.' I presume I am myself the colleague of Fouquior Tinville, who may be for all I know mj honourable and learned friend Mr. Darley. Sir, it is with pride I accept all tho revolutionary infamy of such an association, and yet I do nob think I dosorvc these reproaches. Night after night during tho last session of Parliament I stood in fchia very place pleading earnestly, and in spifco o£ tho moat vigorouo opposition pleading success fully, for a higher public consideration for tho Judges of the Supreme Court, for largely increased remuneration for their labours, and a more ample provision for their retirement from tho public service. Of all men in the community I am, I believe, the only ono who has occupied tho posi tion of Attorney-General, and who on two occaa slong — at nu interval of coven years — haa pro posod fco Parliamont a higher reward for fcho labours of the Judges. (Cheers.) That they en joy this at fchi3 moment they owe to a large orient to my peroisfcenca. ITo one else attempted fco do it, and I believe others declined to do it. I shall not condescend, Sir, to notice the vulgar personal allusions to myself — (hear, hoar) — in this laugh able letter, to which I am referring more fco divert the House than for any other purpose. When alarm is expressed about raahly interfering with powers which have fche sanction of a long and undiaturbed existence, has it occurrod to hon. members that this is tho language which has in all ages been ueod fco arrest roform, to perpetuate the grossest and cruellest abuooa, and fco sanction overy kind of brutal and cowardly wrong ? (Cheers.) Ifc was used to jusify the moat cruel restraints upon porsonal liberty, whon the Court or Chancery locked up for their lives men and women who had beon held to be guilt ?'/ o£ a contempt of its jurisdiction, v/hich you could not make them understand in some cases, unless you gave them a legal education, in order to comprehend their offenco, and which offence it was in many cases v/holly beyond their power to purge. There are tens of thousands of men living who knew and conversed with these victims of aa scandalous a sfcato of fcho law of a civilized nation ao history presents to our view. The illustrious old man who ia at thio moment the principal adviser of his sovereign had grown fco boyhood whon a distinguished member of the House of Commons came into it fresh from a London prison, where he found a prisoner of contempt of the Chancery Court ainking, as he said, under all fcho miseriea that can afflict humanity, and who had been in gaol for thirty-one yeara. The melan choly victim died fch.o very day that the British House of Commons heard, one might imagine, with a shudder of horror of hia confinement. At fchafc.fcimo there wore in fche aamo prison a woman who had beon in confinement 28 yotvra, and two others who had been thoro 17 yearo. Three per sons had wifcneased tho deaths of six persons in fcho came condition as themselves, one of whom had been confined 18 years and another 34. Nothing was done to wipe away this insult from tho nation — fchia outrage upon tho commonest principles of humanity — this standing and practi cally blasphemous defiance of a God of pity and compassion. In 1820 Lord Althorp presented a petition (you can boo fche report upon it in the 1st vol. of the 2nd series of .Hansard's Debates) from a woman older than the most venerable member of this House, who for thirty-one years — almoBfc a third of her life — had been imprisoned for con tempt. In eight years preceding 1820, 20 prisoners had died while under confinement for contempt, some of whom had boon in prison for upwards of 30 yeara. Boys, even, wore flung into gaol and died there. While all these ofcriking barbarities — which would have disgraced the lav/s of savages — were being perpetrated there wero not wanting apologists for their wisdom and policy and neces sity, who warned their hearers against humanity by denouncing it as a dangerous innovation, who pictured pity a3 a bloody revolutionary senti ment, and who would havo closed and lockod overy gate by v/hich morcy could have entered into fcho hearts of rulers. Those who should havo mitigated these horrors wore their apologiofc3. Those who know beat how foul, how loafcliBomo, how defceofcablo they wero in fche sight of God and man wore fcho great magistrates of tho nation. After quoting legal and constitutional authorities in support of hio arguments, Mr. Dalloy concluded : I should bo sorry, Sir, to invite this House to do anything which is, or could by the severest critic bo deemed fco be, iu antagonism to a true spirit of rovoronee for all that io worthy of ifc in our insti tutions. (Hear, hoar.) I should rather sedu lously eulfcivafco than v/antonly injure such a spirit. Tho groatoat objects oi: my admiration in litora fcuvo £13 in ata'cojiuanship have boon men who in this respect havo erred on tho side of permitting their oufchuoiam for fcho past fco blind them fco fcho abuses of fcho present, who could havo beon noblo reloruiora v/hon fcho fcimoa required thorn to bo so, but v/hoja aoal was extinguished by a morbid terror oi: change, oven when chango promised fco ha bsuCilck'A. Thove ia, Sir, a rovei-once for antiquity v/hich ic affecting oven when it is proved fco bo erroneous. Ifc bclongo to puro and majuafcic , naturea, which hava an olomont of mystery minglod with their oagacifcy and their goniua. Thoy dread fcho Dlighfcoat disturbance of even tho irroyoront dust (fco borrow Sheri dan's beautiful phraso) which clings about and defaces venerable monuments. To thorn all chango is peril to liberty and a blow aimed at public order. Of theso men, the two shining political examples of two groat nations woro Burke and Do Maisfcre, two of tho groatesfc, wisest and noblest of human creatures — (hear, hoar) — 'and yot concerning this myotery of antiquity — us ifc aoemod fco them — two men who found themaelvos face fco face with a sfcato of things in which this error (notably in the case of our greatest English philosophical statesmen) was fche great error of their iivoa. I need hardly say we have fco deal in aueh a question as this with no such sublime examples of what one of them called, in an exalting panegyric, ' tho sullen re sistance of innovation, fche unalterable persever ance in fcho wisdom of prejudice.' Wo havo to deal with some in whom resistance to chango springs from a vulgar vanity rather than from a noblo conviction ; from a passion to preserve a dangerous power rather than a religious awe for privileges eonaecrafcod by centuriea. Tho great, the wice, the thoughtful, the experienced, the truly reverential, are with uo. (Hear, hear.) Bub, above all, fche times, the utterly changed con ditions of human society, arc with us. (Hear, hear.) Tho powers which are now the guardians of society — fcho safeguards of public order — are not what they onco wore. Day by day fche greatest of human powevs is making fcho world wiser and better, moro toloranb of mere infirmity, moro intolerant o? brutal wrong ; in encouraging, sup porting and dofending tho benefactors ot' society, in weakening, mocking, and attacking its oppres sors day by clay, fche greatest of these nowers is oxf.ending its beneficent cai'o of modern society. Like all other powers, let it bo replaced by tho law. (Hear, hoar.) But lot ifc not be subjected fco a procedure which ia at variance with every other principle of your jurisprudence ; and let its functions and authority no'o bo qualified and limited concerning tho very matters in which society io moat indebtod fco its vigilance, its power, and its freedom. With these observations I beg co movo that thio bill bo read the second time. (Cheers.) 