I THE SALVATION AliMY. (By a»t Old Soldier.) The Master asked—" Whom do men say that I am V' " Some said lie is a good man, others said, nay, buth edecoiveth the people." The Salvation Anny, what is it ? the soldiers, who are they, and what's their mission! Some say the army is an unscriptural organi sation, others that it is raised up by God. Some say the soldiers are a lot of fanatics enthusiasts, and few but weak-headed men go to hear them. Others say nay, but they are good men and are doing a good work. Their mission is a good one, aiid should be supported by all. Nay, say others, but it is like the Rev. Mr. .Jones, A.M. "I say, Jack, wliatdoes A.M. mean'/'—looking at those letters after the reverend's name on a placard advertising hint to preach—with a significant shrug of the shoulders, and unwilling to manifest his ignorance, replied, " Augh, lie's like the rest of 'um, after money." And so we have numberless opinions respecting their character and mission. " But whom say yo that I am ?" asked the Master of the disciples; and recognised in Peter's answer a revelation of God. Now, with regard to the Salvation Army and such movements, they are few and raro indeed who can rightly estimate them if not "taught of God," and hence the conflicting views. It indeed takes sometimes the most proficient and discerning, not to give an opinion of the nature of such movements in a general sense, but the particular character and merit of the various phases they assume. What then, is the nature of the Salvation Army; is it of God or of men ? Assuming the ability to answer, we say it is unquestionably of God, and those found opposing or speaking "evil of this way" will undoubtedly be found to be "lighting against God." The soldiers, who are accused by "An Old Fashioned Christian" recently, "ofgross familiarity with the name of the Almighty and His sacred Son, as if they were on speaking terms with them," are they whose ''fellowship is with the Father ancl His Son, Jesus Christ." And they not only "live next door to them," but they " dwell iii God, and God in them," and "sit in heavenly places with Christ Jesus." They are "good men" and "full of faith and the Holy Ghost," and hence they are owned and blessed of God. Their mission is to save men from going down to the pit of hell ; to save them from drunkenness and dishonesty, from terrorism at home and in the street, from physical as well as moral filth, and to make them good sons and daughters, wives and husbands, and good citizens at large, to raise them to the platform of purity and love, and to inspire them with a philan thropic zeal for the welfare of others. And are they not fulfilling this mission ? Look at those who nightly stand as living witnesses 011 the platform of St. James' Hall, and everywhere where they have planted their ban ners; behold them "sitting at thegateof Jesus, clothed, and in their right mind," learning of Him who is "meek and lowly in head." Listen to their personal testimony of the conscious change of heart, and that of their neighbors to the change in their lives. Harken to the grumblings of Boniface ami how he cursed them, the soldiers, in his lie.ul, because of the lightness of his till at night; hear the policeman's testimony to the slackness of the times, and his \v orship's also, that his post is almost a sinecure as regards the cases from this source, and all combine to sustain the alleged fact of them fulfilling the object of their mission. They are also firing the hearts of the members of some of the churches who declare they never enjoyed religion before they went to the Army meetings, re ferring particularly to the doctrine of holi ness they so prominently hold forth. But here also—in the churches—may be found lots of brothers to "Old- Fashioned Christian,'' who are miserably unhappy, and a3 lean as Pharoh's old cows, eating up every bit of good around them without getting the fatter themselves, or making " happy their mini sters either by their presence, prayers, o pence." Like the cowardly grumblers in the wilderness, not having the courage to take up the sword against "the tall sons of Anak" their envy, selfishness. and bigotry, but rus?i upon thf>ji« Caleb's and Joshua's, "ready to stone." or bespatter them I it-cause they invito us lip to the laud, as the Methodists would sing, "Of corn,and wine, aminil, Favored with Uo-.i't. [j.-culiar siniles With every bloising ble.it." Poor old sanU, they seemingly <' would prefer Kojurning in the wilderness., drinking "tho waters uf Marah," ending the sting of the serpent, and mourning tJl the way, de clining to enter the goodly hind of the spiritual, and endangering the loss of their inheritance in the heavenly Caiman. Tho church^, God bless them; 1 would not sav jior peu a word designedly to wound thou* for the world, rather would I that my •right hand forgot its cunning, and tlmt my tongue would cleave to the roof of my mouth. I daily remember- them and their work before God, and coijc! wish the Lord to "multiply them a hundred times more tlus:> they are,1' but, they foster so many of those poor old creatures, the " old fashioned" ones, who arc ever opposing everytl'Aug out of " the old groove.," that they are tranmelled and conse quently do not fulfil their mission. Mow, although the Salvation Army move ment we believe to be a mighty and glorious one, and if it continues will permeate the very heart of society, yet it is unquestionably scripturally defective, and carries within it self the elements of divisional destruction. There is no sound scriptural basis on which the scheme is laid but its evangelistic phase. There being no pastorate to build up and instruct the converts, however genuine the work at the beginning, they must of necessity be stunted in their "growth" both "in grace and in the knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ." This may not be readily acknow ledged, but the tendencies of human nature are, when oven changed, if untutored, either to a decline iu goodness <>r untameable in fanaticism. Neither must it be thought un improvable in sobriety and language ; nor that it lias attained the culminating point of excellence in its methods of presenting the Gospel, simply because of success of those used. But, oh, who is willing to learn of a more excellent way, while self sticks like skin to the bone, it may be quite unconsciously to its possessor, even after the heart is sanctified. AVe must first be ilayed alive by the Holy Spirit, have our prejudices trodden in the dust, before, with the utmost simplicity, we are willing to submit to learn of even a little child. The system also will be creative of multi plied sects and organisations, eacli running on its own line. The beginning of the "let ting out" of this water is already evident in the thirteen registered organisat ions—not all otlshoots presumably from the Salvation Army—last year in Great Britain, and the faction in South Australia. Not one man, however good and holy, however pure his motive, and however wise his designs, is trustworthy without counsellors with abso lute power to rule and direct his-fellows in large bodies. I t appears to lue that God has raised up this mighty evangelistic movement to teach the dead-and-alive churches that they should have this element within their pale, and direct its movements in connection witli their pastorate. They have no pastorate, the churches, or comparatively few, have no evangelists, whereas no scriptural church organisation is perfect without both. What ever latent power cither churches may possess, the Methodists' have large numbers of ener getic young men, with intelligent piety and a mind to work, and middle-aged and old men with ripe experience ; but most of them are cramped and stultified through sheer in activity and want of large spheres of constant labor. Tlicy seem to have lost the "blood and lire" their fathers possessed and the Salvation Army now have, and hence whilst they were asleep, the army came and took the field they ought to have toiled and fought in. But that in'digenious plant of the human heart, self, the "/dm, and there is none beside me," takes anil keeps the chief seats of the synagogue, pours out its long monotonous harrangues in the oars of concentrated audiences, until the spiritual sleep of peath steals over and enchants the entire " house hold of faith." lt> will be ivell if they hear the sound of the Army's trumpet come quickly from under the blankets of sloth and lukewarmness, re-echo the apostolic cry, " It is high time to awake out of sleep, the night is far spent and the day is at hand," and set their young men at work before the already large number of their best men are followed in the army's ranks by more. That the army's mission is to share and arouse from their guilty lukevarmness the slumbering churches, as well as to save the neglected outcasts of society, I doubt not for a, moment, and in Sandhurst this part of their mission is being well executed among those who are not " past feeling." 