THE PEARDBSHELL NECKLACE. (BY JULIAN HAWTHORNE.) III. , "But,, first and foremost," continued Mr. Poyntz, after having revived his failing pipe 'with a dozen or so of quick whiffs, "first and foremost I must men- tion a queer habit he had -Scholar Gloam, Imean-andby which it was as I first came acquainted with him. As long as the sun was over the horizon line he'd stay indorsi, behind the-lock. of.lis study door; but at nightfall out he'd walk, foul weather or fair, and through the wood back. yonder, down across the rocky pas- ture to the sea, a trip of maybe a mile and over. And often at midnight, as I've been-pulling shorewards from the offing in my fishing dory, i've seeon him standing , atop of thopoint, where the lighthouse stands now, the sky being light behind him; and lihe looking black, and bigger than any human creature ; and sometimes he'dhbe tossing his arms about,and shout- ing out, some uaehristian lingo, though therelwas no one there to talk to-least- wise;tlhat I could see. 'Twas a queer thing, I.say, for a slender, delicate look- Ing gentleman like hiim to be out so by night,' in all weathers, seeming not to knowthe difference whether it blew, or rained, or snowed, or all three together. Some folks used for to shako their heads over it, and say he was gone daft ; others there was (the superstitious kind, d'ye see) would have it as how Davy Jones, whose black bones had been the and of many a good ship and cargo, was in the custom of coming nightly to the point to hold parley with him, as it might be to strike a bargain whereby Davy should got the Scholar his estates and riches again in change for his soul. "Bet Jack Poyntz never troubled his head with such fancies, sir ; and times, when I stowed my boat away, I'd hail him, and have him down to the house ; and sitting snug together by the kitchen fire, many a strange yarn has been spun me, the like of which never was heard before-leastways not outside of the books that were hid in his library-and of which many were writ in strange tongues as are not spoken in our Christian times. But it's .not for me to be repeating of 'em now, only, as I was a telling ye, it was such-like things brought us acquain- ted; and very good chums we were, allowing for his being a young gentleman scholar, and me a sailor as had no great book-learning, though knowing more of men and things than a hundred such as him. .And by tile end of a couple of years or so, meeting him that way off and on, I know him as well as ever anybody knew him-as well, maybe, [as he knew himself. "' Well, things being this way, one day, about the last week in September, it came on to blow. There was no rain, but no moon either, and the air was thick; and night coming on, it was as black as my hat. It wasn't long afore there was a heavy sea running, and ye could have heard the surf on them Devil's :Ribs five miles inland. I shipped the lantern up in the fore- gable .as usual, though knowing it couldn't show far in such a night'; and, thinks I, see it or not, any ship that gets caught in the tide this weather is bound t'o wreck; so I'll hope, says I to myself, that'they'll give us a wide berth. Howbe, I'wasn't sleepy, so I loaded my pipe, and, thinks I, I'll have a snug smoke and a drop-of grog alongside the kitchen fire afore turning in. No chance, thinks I, of my Scholar happening in this night; heanever could beat up against that wind, not:if he had Davy Jones himself to pilot him. Well, there I sat for maybe an a hour, the noise of the storm getting ever louder and louder, so at times I could hardly, hear the rattle of my spoon as I stirred up the grog in the tumbler. Then all of a sudden there comes a knocking at the door, quick and heavy, and 1 jumps and opens it, and Io! there was the Scholar, with no hat and no coat, and that strange-coloured hair of his blown up wild about his head, and his eyes wide open and bright as a binnacle. 'Why don't you come in, sir,' shouts 1; loud as if I was a hailing him at the maintop, such a noise the wind made; 'ye'll get the heart and lungs blown clean out of ye if ye stop there ! " Seemed like lihe answered me some thing, I couldn't make out what ; but he laid: hold on my sleeve with that thin white hand "of his that gripped like a vide,ias if he d pull me out into the storm with him, instead of coming into me. And by his face' I could see' there was a storm within him as stirred him more than the one without; 'and then' he poinited down seawards, and thinks !I, tis a ship he's seen or heard on the Devil's Ribs. And though I know well we could no more help any poor wrecked souls than if they was in the moon, yet it wasn't in me to back out of going with him to see what there was to see.. 'So just laying hold of my tarpaulin and a flask of rum, off we starts on the run, dead-in the wind's eye. How he managed for to scud over the ground at that rate is more than I could make out; the wind seemed to take no hold on him, but just let him through easy, though all the time it was near blowing my ears off "Well, down we came to the beach at last, at a place about a cable's length this side of the point. I'd' kept my man in eight up to this time by reason of the white shirt he had on, his coat, as I told ye, being off him, but whither gone I'd not remembered for to ask him. But now, all of a sudden, I found be'd disap- peared, and all I could see was the pale froth of the surf that came leaping up the beach, with a sound from the black wave behind it like the going off of a big gun. Howsoever, I presently stumbled round the corner of a big boulder — ye may see it yonder, sir, in a line with tlhe face of the lighthouse and the top of the pine stump — and there he was on his knees beside something wrapped up and still ; and when I looked, 'twas seemingly a young girl, about twelve to thirteen years old, with no life in her. She had come ashore on a bit of planking, and the Schlolar he had seen her coming, and had scrambled down from the cliff in time to haul her in and under the lea of the boulder. How he did it the Lord only knows, for ten men working together might have failed in it. But there she lay, with no mark of harm or bruise upon her, and yet (as my heart misgave me) lifeless from the washing of the waves through which she had voyaged to land. "I saw 'twould be no use trying to give her brandy yet awhile, so I stoops to lift her up along with the bit of plank- ing that she layupon; and Scholar Gloam he helped, though neither of us spoke, by reason of the thundering noise of the surf and the wind that half deafened us. It took us maybe a quarter of an hour, and then we were at home, and had her down before the fire, and wrapped in hot blankets, and everything done that could be done; and after nigh a couple of hours' work, she moved the least mite in the world, and fetched a sigh. With that I sings out like I'd come upon a chest full of gold dollars, and says I, ' All's well, Scholar Gloam; she's a coming to, and she'll live to smile on us yet!' And then what does he do, sir, but just throws his head back with a little laugh, and topples over in a dead faint. 'Twas the exhaustion, ye must understand, as had come on all at once after tim suspense of whether she was alive or dead was over. So there was I with the two of em to doctor. Well, I soon had the Scholar all right again ; bift when he saw as how the child' was a doing well, he drops off alddenly to sleep, being tired right out and unable for to keep his eyes' open ; and I didn't wake him, but just threw a blanket over him, and let him sleep it out. "It was, maybe, half an hour after that that the little girl spoke ; she had been opening her eyes and then shutting them several times, and wondering where she was got to, Isuppose, poor little dear. She waspretty and white, with yellow hair and big blue eyes, and soft little foot and hands, and pointed fingers; and round her neck was the pearl- shell neck- lace that ye've soon Agatha wearing, sir. Well, she looked at ome for a bit, and seemed like to cry, not knowing who I was, or where she'd got to, d'yo see; and then she said something, repeating it over twice or thrice ;but I couldn't understand her, by reason of her speaking some foreign lingo as was unknown to me. Howsoever, I took for granted that it must be some of her people she was asking after; so I pointed to the back room, and made believe as they were in there, but asleep, and not to be disturbed then. She believed me, poor little soul, and presently after dropped quietly asleep, with the tears yet under her eyelids, and the firelight flick- ering over her sweet face and yellow hair. " Well, I sat there between the two, for 1 wasn't sleepy at all myself, and kept the fire alight, and my own pipe ageing, till morning, by which time the storm' was mostly cleared off. So I got the old lantern down from the gable, and stirred about to got breakfast ready ; and at sunrise, the two being still sleeping, I walked out to see if so be as anything of the wreak was visible. But the Devil's Ribswas onlya bank of foam, and when I came to the beach there was nought there but a few shattered timbers and bits of spars and rigging; whatever else there may have been had gone down within the whirlpool of the Devil's Ribs, and would never see daylight more; nor was there anything to tell where the wrecked ship hailed from, or what she was, or whither she was bound. Nay, a man might well have doubted whether there'd been any wreck at all; and super- atitious folks might have thought that the pretty child we had found was a sea- nymph or a mermaid, who had come on the shoulders of waves to bring us good luck-or bad, maybe i Not that I'd have ye to think, sir, that I'm of the super- stitious kind, being a man as has seen much of the world, and lived a number of years in it. But 'twas a strange thing altogether, and stranger yet was to follow, as ye shall hear. " In my walk I happened by the boulder where I'd been with the Scholar over night, and there I picked up a small iron box, with a big lock on it ; it was lashed to four bits of wood, so that it might float, and I think it must have come ashoresalong with the raft that brought the little girl. Just. as I had laid hands on it, and out away the lashings, Isighted one of the villagers a-coming over the cliff path towards me. So, not caring to be hailed at the time, I slipped: the box in the pocket of my jacket, and steered for the house. "And lo I there was the fair child sitting in the chair, and the Scholar he was kneeling in front of her, with her hands in hisi and they were a-talking together in the slme foreign lingo as she had spoken in to me; for, d'yo see, he had learnt it all from his books, and un- derstood it as well as she who was born to it. The child was a bit scared and tearful still, and he seemed to be a.comforting of her; and as I came in, says he, ' Don't let on that her folks are drowned, Jack ; for I've told her they're but borne away to another harbour, and will return one day to claim her. So meanwhile,' says he, . she'll come to live with me at the mill, and be my little girl ; for is she not my little girl now, since 'twas I brought her forth from the ocean that would have robbed her sweet young life I' With that he kisses her little hands, and says some- whatto her again in her own tongue. It touched my heart to see the two together, air; for, d'ye see, the Scholar had never seemed to be aware, as I may say, of 'women or, children until now; he had moved through life without seeing them or speaking to them, save at times in an absenti dreamy sort of a way, as though they were in different worlds. But now he was full of earnestness and a kind of joyful trembling surprise, as one who had all of a sudden opened his eyes to a great treasure, and was delighting i.x it all the more for that he had been unknowing of it before.. He was all in all a changed nian, and softened, and waked up inside, so that his eyes seemed to be a-seeing the things that was round him, and not thiigas in a dream ; and methought there was a difference in his voice, too ; it was deeper and tenderer like, and made you feel as how he had grown to be a man more than a scholar. I tholight he was, as a ship that had long heen lingering in cold dark waters, baffled with winds that set towards no pleasant harbour, but which had at last found its sails filled with a fair fresh breeze, as was blowing her to warm southern seas and tropic islands full of heat and life. Ye'll maybe laugh, sir,I to hear an old sailor talk like this ; but surely I had loved the man, and pitied him, too, for his loneli- ness ; and it touched me, as I said, to see that he had found a good thing in the world, and could feel the happiness of it. " 'Pretty aoon, 'Jack,' says he again, ' ye must help me to carry her to the mill this morning, before the village folks are astir; and don't toll them that she's there, or whence ashe came. She's my own, and her past is all gone for ever; God has sent her to nme'for my owrn. I shall make her love me as I now love her, and no other shall have any part in her. I will be to her all that she has lost, and more ; and I will cherish her always and make her happy. And when the village folks find out that I have her (as soon of course they must), they shall be told that she is a good fairy come to bring me fortune and delight. I'd say that she rose up one morning out of the deep clear pool just above the mill-race; and that though appearing as a human being, she is in very truth not mortal, but has con sented to live with me so long as I con tinuo worthy of her companpioeshlip. But when thle time comes --which God forbid it ever should !--thlat I prove unworthy, then shall she vanish back to her natural abode, and I be more desolate than be fore she came. And as for this necklace,' says he, 1I' it is a talisman; and should fate over separate us, yet this be loft me, 'twill be a pledge that' . " What's happohed 1" The yarn broke off abruptly enough. Poyntz andI I had'botlh started to our feet, ouroyes and cirs straIning towards the millstream, where little Peter had during the last hour been quietly fishing. The sound of a quick scramble, a heavy plunge,and simultaneously a lusty scream, had sharply broken the repose of the summer afternoon. "'Tis the brat lhas toppled in !" cried Poyntz, the sunburntruddiness of his com plexion turning to a tawny, sallow hue. " lie can't swim; haste ye lower down, air; I'll to the pool ; but if as lhe's carried over thle fall, yo'll atop him at the rapid." We had already set off on a run towards the bank, and we now separated in ac- cordance witlh Poyntz's suggestion. I saw no more of the latter5 beong wholly ab- sorbed in carrying out my part of the programme; and in a few moments I was standing panting beside the rushing water,: trying to select the best point from which to take my plunge. Just then I heard a swift rustling stop behind me, and there was Agatha, her lovely face and eyes aglow with terrified excite- ment. Then it passed through my mind that she had always evinced a particular tenderness and affection for poor little Peter ; and at the thought I must confess tlhat my.rosolve to save him at all risks be- came tenfold as strong as it had been before. It was alla whirl and confusion; and only by comparing notes afterwards did we make out the. order of events. MasterPoter, it seems, after much un- fruitful angling, had at last succeeded in hooking a' huge trout, and straightway had lost first his mental and then his bodily balance. The fish being fairly on the hook, and pulling hard, thelittle man had rather chosen to go in after it, rod and all, than save himself at the cost of losing it. His scream, however, had startled not only'his father and myself, but Agatha and his mother likewise; and the latter had followed lher husband, as Agatha did me. When Poyntz reached the brink of the pool, the young fisherman had just risen for the second time, and was circling helplessly in the eddy. Poyntz sprang forward ; but his foot catching in a vine, he fell prone, his head in the water and the rest of his body on dry land. Before he could disentangle himself (an operation which the well-meant but too convulsive efforts of Mrs. Poyntz only served to retard) the child had drifted into the current and was carried over the fall. It was now that Agatha and I first caught sight of him. She pressed impulsively forward, and had I not', retained lher would have leaped into the headlong rapids herself. As I caught her arm, I felt rather than saw her glance at me, as though measuring my ability to do what must be done. Apparently her decision was in my favour, for she stepped back ; and an instant after I was staggering breast deep in the boiling stream, watching the swift but topsy-turvy onset of master Peter. Down he swept ; and to make a long story short, I succeeded in catching hold of him without losing my footing, and thereby in saving his life and my' own. Agatha helping from the bank, we were soon landed high and dry, or rather; very wet. Then ensued a great and indes- cribable hullaballo, wherein the first distinguishable words burst from Mr. Poyntz— " Look ye here,. wife !" cried he, laugh- ing and weeping in the same breath, "look if the lad hasn't stuck to his fish through it all." And so it proved; Peter had rivalled the childish exploit of his' predecessor, stout little Kit North .There was the rod, still lightly gripped in his small fist ; and a three-pound troutwas flapping and gasping at theenid of the line. "He's but a chip of the old block, Mr. Poyntz," said I, when the shouts that greeted the discovery had somewhat sub- sided. "' What is that sticking in the cor- nor of your mouth ?" The old mariner put up his hand and took the thing out, and after staring at it for a moment in comical dismay, he burst into a laugh, in which everybody joined. It was the stem of his well-loved ene'ersclaum, held unconsciously between his teeth throughout tho entire turmoil ; the bowl had probably been snapped off when he fell on the brink of the pool. So we all retraced our way to the house, the trout resting triumphantly in Peter's arms, who was himself carried by his father. Agatha and I walked side by side ; neither spoke to the other, and I knew not what thoughts were in her mind ; but for my own part I had never been more light of heart, and I regarded Peter and his trout as the best friends that lover over had. My achievement had been trifling enough, heaven knows ; but such as it was, it had been done before her eyes, and partly at least for her sake. When we had reached the house door, and the others had passed in before us, she paused on the threshold and turned to me, smiling, with her finger upon the necklace-clasp. "I kissed it to save you. .. and Peter !" she added hastily, and with a light in her dark eyes that was half mis- chievous, half-earnest. " And now that we're saved, I suppose you are going to kiss .. . - Peter ?" I dared to reply, for my ducking had given me courage. She blushed, but looked straight at me; and the next moment was gone into the house, leaving me uncertain whether I had gone too far or not far enough. But, ali! 'happy Peter. A few bruises, and the involuntary swallowing of a gallon' or two of water, were thie extent of his injuries ; while his blessings were beyond estimation. When I came down stairs half an hour later, after changing my clothes, I found him bundled up in an old pea- jacket of his father's, and sitting in Agatha's arms. He was watching his mother clean the big trout, the prize of his valour; and as I passed by, Agatha glanced up at me and kissed him ! I stole out by the kitchen door and looked about for Mr. Poyntz; for his yarn had, for several reasons, begun to interest me exceedingly, and I was most anxious to hear the end of it. But he was nowhere to be seen ; he had gone off to attend to something on the farm, and would as likely as not be absent till supper-time. It was a long time till then, and meanwhile I was without any thing to amuse me. My mind was rest- less and excited, and I would have been thankful for any distraction. Nothing turned up, however, and at length without being at the pains even to notice what direction I was taking — I set off on an objectless tramp, and was soon out of sight of the farm-house. I had plenty to think about — so much, indeed, that I could think coherently about nothing. Ideas crowded incon- gruously upon one another, now this one and now that catching my attention for a moment, and then receding to the back ground. From the picture of my late ad- venture in tIhe mill-stream, I slid to a review of Agatha — my relations with her ; did she care for me ? had my lucky ex- ploit really advantaged me ? and ought I to have stolen a kiss upon the doorstop ? Instead of considering those quesations, I was pondering the tale whlich Poyntz had begun to toll. VWas it all true 1 would he over finish it 1 and what would be its upshot 1 But now the pearl-shell neck lace ruled my thoughts. Was it possibly the same as that which my great-grand mother lhad lost ? and if so, would Agatha be likely to knowe anything about it ? The next moment a vision of Scholar Gleam had risen before me. How had he cone to die, and be buried beneath the Black Oak 1 and why was the old mill considered haunted 1 David-the band some housekeeper's son-what had be come of him ? and, above all, what hlad been the fate of the little sea-nymph2 Then the necklace once more-how came d Agathan to attachl such talismanic virtues to it 1 and was not her doing so evidence that she mnust know its ancient history I Agacie, was Agatha Poyntz's own daugh ter ? and if so, wlo and what had been her mother I for she must be the child of a union prior to that which had resulted in Peter. The speculation gave place in wturn to the idea of the mill-wheel pos 5sessed by the devil5 or by the soul of the murdered miller-- Poynt, had seemed uncertain which. Had its "laugh" really been so terrible.? or had not an originally harmless, if disagreeable noise, acquired a supernatural horror only because lis toned to across a gap of twenty years ? Ahl, well, what matter to me were all these idle, unanswerable queries ? Be hind all things-before all things, I seemed to meet the sweet fascination of Agatha's dark eyes, and to catch the gleam of her yellow hair. Yes, ever and ever, as tho,.pendulum swings outwards and returns, does my thought come back to Agatha ! Immersed in such disjointed musings, I had journeyed on I know not how long, when all at once I became conscious, so to speak, of the outward world, anid looked up and on all sides of me. Where was I In no place certainly that I had over visited before. The sea was nowhere visible; the surface of the ground was rocky and irregular, and in nearly every direction the view was shut in by thick growths of pine, birch, and oak. From beyond a clump of the latter, southward from where I stood, I thought I detected the noise of falling water; and glancing eastwards, I could trace the course of a stream which was itself unseen, by the hedge of stunted timber that fringed its bankc. The aspect of the neighbourhood was wild and remote-it seemed to lie apart from men's ways-and certainly he would have been an unsocial spirit who should have chosen such a spot to live in. On the other hand, anyone in search of a good place to do a murder in, or hold a witch meeting, need not have looked further. A corpse might lie amongst these rocks and bushes for twenty years without a chance of being discovered; and ghosts and witches might scream their eiriest unheard by-mortal oar. Meanwhile I walked on to the other side of the clump of oak trees, when I suddenly.found myself gazing on a scene that involuntarily brought me to satand still. (7o be Contined.' 