CHRONICLES OF MARAH : MISS NASMYTH'S LEGACY, AND WHAT CAME OF IT, BY MARK WEST. CHAPTER I. At the corner of Bowen and Church streets, in Marah, stands a large stone, many-windowed cottage, only separated from the road in front by a narrow strip of garden and a low privet hedge ; but on the Church-street side it is screened from the view of a too curious public by a high and thick hawthorn hedge, studded at short intervals with tall and stately poplar trees. This hedge, with its sentinel poplars, shuts in a garden of half an acre or so ; which lies mainly at the back of the house, sloping, with an inclination so gentle as to be almost imperceptible, to the next street. It is a pretty and retired spot, yet a lively — for Marah ; since it looks out into Bowen-street — thoroughfare second only in importance to Bustle-street, the main one— and commands a fine and interesting view of the post-office, the Oriental Bank, with its shady cypresses, and the side entrance to the " Golden Crown." True, this view has to be obtained by craning one's neck over the little gate and glancing down the street ; but still it is there, undeniably, to be enjoyed at any moment. The situation of the cottage, though eminently desirable, has one or two drawbacks ; the principal one being that the tranquil, silent shade cast by the hawthorn hedge over the pathway in Church-street, where passers-by are few, and trooper's footstep seldom wakes the echoes, presents an irresistible attraction to inebriated shearers and harvesters, who, having " knocked down " their cheques at the hotel at the farther corner, retreat with uncertain gait to the grassy footway and grateful shelter, there to recover their senses, and repent them of their exceeding folly ; operations usually accompanied by soul-terrifying groans and snorts and much horrible internal convulsion. But this ceremony only occurs at a certain season of the year — the perennial " travellers" not having discovered this useful service of the hedge, or not being in a sufficiently good monetary position to require it, and it has always been calmly accepted as a neces- sary evil, and philosophically remedied when the limits of patient endurance have been reached. Here once dwelt Miss Nasmyth, our old maid, whom I must plead guilty to having inadvertently omitted when on a former occasion I enumerated the families making up the sum of society in Marah. At first sight I may perhaps lay myself open to the charge of a somewhat Irish ambiguity of speech in now including her amongst the families, since she was of necessity one, by her- self, one. But as she never was alone, being constantly visited and surrounded by an ever-changing circle of attentive and affec- tionate step-sisters and cousins, nephews, and neices, who, despite the dulness of our township, were one and all ever ready on the slightest encouragement to tear themselves from the wild dissipation of the metropolis and devote themsevles to her amusement for an indefinite period ; and as Noark-cottage — her residence — was undoubtedly the head centre of gaiety in Marah, I feel myself justified in not only numbering her household among the families, but pronouncing it to be socially one of the most important of them. Noark-cottage was instinct with cheerful life at that time. Birds sang unceasingly in the pleasant aviary at the sunny end of the deep creeper-covered verandah ; the door bell chimed merrily at marvellously short intervals — for Marah — through the day ; bees hummed a busy second to the sound of voices echoing cheerfully through house and garden, and the weedless flower beds were gay at all seasons of the year with sweet bright flowers, from the scented violet and narcissus of winter and spring to the stout- hearted geranium and brave plumbago with soft lavender bloom of summer and autumn; Now, its many windows are boarded over, the noise of singing birds has ceased from the aviary in the verandah corner ; the bell rusts, sadly whispering to the wind a faint echo of its old tone, a very ghost of sound ; and tall weeds rule rudely over the once trim and odorous garden beds. The climbing plants have laced and matted themselves together in wild, unchecked luxuriance, darkening the verandah as with a sombre curtain ; and this — what is this shapeless unsavoury thing bearing some dim, dry resemblance to the form of an animal, lying on the step, as if, living, it had crawled just so far only to die ? Ah ! poor puss ! you were indeed faithful unto death ! Gaunt and melancholy, refusing to be comforted, declining every invitation — proffered by many for his late mistress's sake — to leave his desolate home, he stalked mournfully about the deserted place, bewailing his loss with dismal plaint till life and strength gave out together, and he stretched himself out here to die. Here, then, in this now neglected, forsaken spot, dwelt our old maid, Miss Nasmyth. She was a slender, active old lady of middle height, and erect as the poplars that grow beside her garden hedge ; with a profusion of wealthy banded soft grey hair and grey eyes, whose steady, searching, sometimes cynical light had on occasion the power of convincing such unhappy object on whom it might be bent — generally a member of the opposite sex — that he was, after all, but a transparent imbecile, capable of any mean ambition or gross, if natural, folly ; or of being the owner of some cunningly concealed moral obliquity, and a pitiful fellow at best. This silent but unflattering appraisal, performed with a faint smile lurking round the corners of eyes and mouth, was naturally submitted to under protest ; the accused feeling himself aggrieved and embarrassed as he became conscious that he had been swiftly weighed in Miss Nasmyth's mental balance and found humiliatingly wanting. This expression was occasional, not habitual ; and was never bestowed on young girls, for whose faults and follies Miss Nasmyth had an unfailing fund of con- sideration and gentle forbearance. It seemed rather to be the special portion of the male sex, and appeared to be the result of long study of a species applied to individuals; and, in rare instances and modified degree, it rested on women in whom her piercing eye had discovered traits of character of which she disapproved. But, notwithstanding this peculiarity, she was much liked and honoured among us, even by those who stood slightly in awe of her ; and had many claims on our interest. She was rich and hospitable ; she was an old resident ; she was lonely, despite her attentive relatives, who, having failed in gaining the good will of Marah, and having displayed certain ignoble tendencies, had gained the unflattering nick-name of the ' Vampire Host' — and, moreover — delightful thought ! — she had a romantic early history. Of the particulars of this mysterious Past no one knew anything for certain but Dr. Weatherly, who had heard it from an old friend of his own and connexion of Miss Nasmyth's ; but the doctor was impenetrable on the subject. It was said that she had had some severe trouble while yet in her " teens ; " in connection with which there were whispers of a deceitful lover, a broken engagement, a cruel stepmother, neglectful father, unkind relations, and all the other staple elements of romance ; these figures changing places kaleidoscopically according to the hands in which the history happened to be at the time. Dr. Weatherly, when questioned by the unwary regarding it, was wont to construct wild and impossible legends and present them as veritable relations of Miss Nasmyth's story, with the utmost gravity and composure. As, for instance, that she had fallen into a trance and had been buried for twenty-one days ; at the end of which time she had come to life again, and patiently scratching her way back to earth, had returned home to find her property disposed of and her personality denied ; and to be denounced as a snare set by the Evil One. Or that she had been on the eve of marriage with a gentleman of sinister aspect and great wealth ; whose immensely long beard was of such a lovely blue black hue that every young lady to whom he paid the slightest attention immediately fell in love with him, and that while visiting him in his magni- ficent mansion with her mother, she had, in an idle moment, penetrated to a cellar deep down in the bowels of the earth, in which cellar were eight niches, each niche containing a coffin, seven of them containing headless corpses, in whose features ( !) she recognised long-lost friends of her own. And that, feeling instinctively that the eighth coffin was prepared for her, she fled from the spot with suddenly-whitened hair. Or, again, that she had been betrothed to a gentleman whose much burning of midnight oil led her fondly to hope that he would some day burst upon a dazzled world a brilliant author ; and that natural anxiety and constitutional curiosity at length TO HER HORROR SHE SAW HIM PRACTISING THE BLACK ART BY MEANS OF A DEATH'S HEAD AND CROSSBONES. — CHAP. I. becoming uncontrollable, she endeavoured^ to appease them by looking in at his study window, which was at the top of a tower seven stories high, when, to her horror, she saw him practising the Black Art by means of a death's head and crossbones, a brass crucible, a black tom cat, a large, brass-bound volume printed in blood, and a photograph of the devil, who was too busy at the time to wait upon him in person. Such marrow-curdling relations did the doctor invent with much unction and sedate composure ; till, the melodramatic language first arousing the suspicions of the eager listener, the improbability of the narrative dawned upon him, and he, per- ceiving that he was being trilled with, withdrew disconcerted and abashed. Thus much, however, was positively known ; that, whatever the nature of her early trouble, it had caused her to cease from all intercourse with her relatives for many years — who, headed by her stepmother, had discovered her later in the first flush of proved prosperity, and, abasing themselves before her, refused to be denied ; that from girlhood she had worked to earn her own living with such patient self-denial and steady hard work, that at thirty-five she had amassed considerable savings, which, by dint of judicious and fortunate investment, she had increased so materially that, some eight or ten years later, she appeared on the horizon of Marah as the owner of Noark, a station some 20 miles to the south-west. Such a phenomenon as a female stationholder had not been seen in that district before ; and her progress was watched with much kindly curiosity and interest, which strengthened into genuine respect and admiration as year after year passed, proving her more successful than the last. At length, after 15 years of active, energetic money-making as a ' squatter,' she had sold Noark to Mr. Stevens — whose widow, a little later, fired by the example of our old maid, herself managed the station successfully— at a high figure ; and, to the surprise of the neigh- bourhood, settled in Marah. This surprise was natural enough, for the old lady had no close friends or even intimate acquaint- ances there at the time, and, indeed, had only entered the township on one occasion, transacting all necessary station business at Middle Bay, which lay some eight or ten miles nearer to her. The one occasion referred to was when she had visited it to make arrangements for the burial of a " traveller" who had died on her run, a matter which had excited some little wonder at the time, since she not only caused the man to be decently interred, but had even had a plain little stone cross put up at his head bearing his initials and date of his death, a care seldom accorded to those waifs and strays of the bush. But any feeling of curiosity had soon died away, having nothing to feed on ; and there only remained admiration for the tender womanly feeling that had prompted her to provide a quiet resting-place for the otherwise unconsidered dead. Between Dr. Weatherly and Miss Nasmyth a warm and strong friendship had sprung up from the date of the former's arrival in Marah, twelve years before the old Jady's death ; having its root in the tender affection and kind- ness she had shown to the doctor's young wife, who, coming a bride to the township full of love and life, had laid herself down to rest in the old cemetery a year later, with her new-born baby on her breast. This friendship never varied, but rusted firm and unwavering, a beautiful fact, for many a pleasant year, till Atropos raised the fateful shears, and — after how brief a pause — cut the thread of our old maid's blameless life. One hot morning at the end of February Dr. Weatherly was seen walking with rapid steps to Noark-cottage, regardless of the violence of a fiercely blowing north wind ; a circumstance con- sidered as hardly noteworthy in itself, since Miss Nasmyth had, as usual, one of the " Vampire host" staying wish her in the person of her step-sister, Mrs. Knox, a lady who occasionally varied the monotony of life in Marah by well-pronounced hysterical attacks, requiring prompt medical treatment. There- fore it was placidly supposed that "Mrs. Knox was in a temper again." and languid wonder was expressed that the doctor should hurry himself on so dreadful a day on her account. But when it became known later that Miss Nasmyth herself was dangerously ill with an acute affection of the throat, very different was the feeling of anxiety and regret aroused everywhere by the news. Volunteer nurses appeared from every quarter and of all ranks, eagerly proffering their services ; for, on the first intimation of danger, Mrs. Knox had yielded herself up an unresisting and aggravating prey to hysterics, thereby rendering herself utterly useless and necessitating her entire exclusion from the invalid's room. But service from anyone was not needed for long ; with steadfast fortitude Miss Nasmyth met her death-agony, as she had met and subdued her life troubles — uncomplaining and alone. The sad news had barely had time to spread through Marah before the telegraph wire flashed a message from " F. Weatherly " to " C. Young, Esq., Eldon-chambers, Collins-street, Melbourne." The message ran thus : — " Miss Nasmyth died last night ; necessary, on account of heat, to come at once ;" and was delivered at the address to a short, spare gentleman of about forty-five. He seemed very much startled and grieved by the sadden intelligence, and sat for some silent minutes holding the telegram in his hand with bent head and tightly-closed lips, as if struggling with a tendency to more, demonstrative sorrow. " Poor Miss Nasmyth !" he murmured, " poor thing ! There is a good woman gone ! This will be a fresh blow to Margaret Lusellian. God bless me ! I am fated to bear ill news to that poor girl ; but I must do the best I can for her own sake, and ! for the sake of all those gone before, whom I knew and loved, Poor Miss Nasmyth !" He looked at his watch ; and then rang a little handbell, which was immediately answered by an elderly man. " I am going to Albert-park, Mathews " said Mr. Young. " I know you will be sorry to hear that Mrs. Lusellian has lost another relative ; Miss Nasmyth, you know." " Dear, dear, sir !" said the eldedly man ; " I am sorry for the poor young lady indeed. Dear, dear !" " Yes indeed," said Mr. Young abstractedly ; and taking his hat he started on his painful errand. 