QUEENSLAND SYNDICATES. Ono of tho stock argumonta trotted out by tho Promior in favour of turning ovor olovon or twolvo million acros of Queoneland Boll to ajuncta of foreign adventurers, is, that tho big syndicato will operato as a check on tho numerous smaller associations of tho oamo kind, among which tbo oolony is virtually parcollod out. Speakers of limited roaoarch, who havo mndo tho propagation of tho gospol according to St. Thomas tho work of thoir lives, are still in doubt whether wo aro beinrr sucked dry by an 'octopus' or an 'octagon.' On ono point only there is no disputo; that is. as to tho fact of our boing sucked. This assumption ia taken for granted by poli ticians of tho most divorso completion with a charming unanimity that portends tho truth. And thoy aro right. Queensland is, in sobor fact, tho vile corpiu on which tho daughtorof tho horse-leech is for over trying experiments in doplotion. So thoroughly and unresistingly is tho colony in thraldom to tho horao-loech interest, thatovory pulsa tion is noted and controlled by the bibulous annelid, or, to uso anothor similo, tho wob that holds tho victim is of bo complox and sensitivo a texturo, that ovory otrugglo, ovcry movomont is telegraphed automati cally to tho romotest end of each individual thread. Thoro is, accordingly, a vnst deal of sound common eonso in tho terrorist ploa for tho big syndicato which ia moant to swallow up tho lesser onus, or, nt any rato, to promote modesty and solf-abnegation among them by iu own shining oxamplo. Whon tho eaglo sails forth aftor proy, the kito and jor-falcon make themselves scarco. Tho hiss of tho boa-constrictor is tho signal for all smallor reptiles to retreat to thoir holes. Thoro is, nowovor, in tho argument this extraordinary, not to say startling fea ture, that it is too comploto. Tho impar tiality that porvades it is suporhuoian. Tho old saying of Satan roproving sin utill finds a mortem echo horo nnd thoro, if wo will but listen attentively. To sot up a puppet of straw for tho purpose of knocking it down again, ia a stale trick of dialectic art; but to raiso a gonuino ghost, in order to uso it for a 'bogio' is a conception al most subliino in its audacity. It might bo worth while to contemplate moro closely somo of those wicked syndicates whoso machinations aro as anbtlo and widespread as to call for no loss a panacea than tho Kimbor contract. Let us examine thorn in detail, and soo whothor it bo not possiblo to striko tho key- noto to thoir Protean, developments. To bogin with that true 'autocrat of tho breakfast-tablo' tho Bank ing Interest. In tbo Queensland National Bank, with an unapproachablo directory of throe, including Sir Arthur Palmer and tho lato Postmacter-Gonoral, wo havo all tho elomonts of a truo syndicato. Altough professing nominally to bo incorporated undor tho Companies Act of 1803, tho pro portion of shares hold by mombers of the Ministry and their friends and supporters ia so large, and the share-list gonorally no ill-balanced, that tho small fry of sharo holdors can oxorciso littlo or no control on tho affairs of the bank, and tho directory aro virtually irresponsible, and do exactly as they please. Prominent on the share list figures tho namo of Sir Thomas M'H wraitn, and Mr. E. R. Drury, his vory particular friond, now in England, occupies thocomprohensivo post of general managor, a function which does not soom to in torfero with -his oxertiops on behalf of tho Transcontinental syndicato, of which ho is likowiso an activo momber. It is rumoured that somo of tho found ors of tho Bank hold the shares Uken np by them on 'easier terms than cash payment, and that; thoir connection with certain stations ownod by tho Bank (Puon's Almanac onumorates 22 principal or'hoad stations as bolonging to the Q. N. Bank) is to bo accounted for on similar accommodating principles. In near nllianco with tho National Bank is tho Qneensland Iivvcstrnont and Land Mortgage Company, with Sir Thomas M'llwraith, his brothor-in-law.Sir A. Palmer, and Mr. E. R, Drury, on its directory, the remain ing' director being the H on F. H. Hart, who is also tho third di roc tor of tho Queens land National Bank. This company owns cloven principal or head stations in Queens land, and in conjunction with its alter tgo, tho National Bank, is ablo to exorcise a preponderant influonce on pastoral affairs. Another strong pastoral syndicate, in which the Promior is directly interested, ia the North Australian Pastoral Company. It owns eight principal or head stations, principally in tho Konnody District, be sides a block of 7000 acres of sugar lands on tho Burdokin Dolta. Thoro .isf also tho Western Quconsland Pastoral Company, owning Uuronda and Angollala in the Warrogo, and Am by Junction in- tho Mitcholl District, with probably.othors con cerning which information is not readily nccessiblo ; and the Darling Downs and Western Laud Company, owning six first class stations, including Jimbour noar Oalby. In one or both of those tho Promier holds large interests. Ho is also directly interested in a recently floated Scottish Mining Company (Mount Perry, Cloncurry, and elsewhere) and in the Queensland Freezing and Export Company, Bowen. Indirectly, ho ia concernod ia tho amalgamated firm of Pirbttry, Lamb, and IlalT.ns well as in Torres Strsic Mail sorvico, which it nominally under contract to tho British India. Stonn Navigation Company, but in reality to M'llwraith, M'Eacharn and Co. Tho truo ownership of tho contract we hero parenthetically obsorve, hoi bnen more tain onco put to the let by tho cottlement of iho claims of shippers undor threat of logal proceeding*, through tho local agents of tho ubimiitpju Scotch firm, who in fact ha-ve tho wholo'if our immigra tion and throofourths of onr trado with tha mother country in their hands. 'J hroogh Parbury, Lamb, and IUlT, Sir Thoman M'llwraith is further connected with tbo Queensland Stoam Shipping Company, and the Scottish lino of immigrant vessels, and in conjunction with othor members of his family ho privately owns tho fino squatting property of Gfn (iin, now rendered im mensely valoablo hy railway connection with Bundaborg. Wt- thus soo in all direc tions tho M'llwraith interest ovorshadow ins the land. It is scarcely possible to pnek any Queensland interest, without drawing, M'llwniithiap. blood. Under snch circumstance* tho declamation tha*. has been vented against the evils of syndi ovcy, and tho homwpatbie method of euro prupotod by roams of a bigger syndicato than thorn all— in which Sir Thomas is said to be indirectly interested, are like a grin of mockery nt tho confiding simplicity of our population. Frotn the1 bnsinosa point of view of an eminently practical ago; in which success alone is worshipped, nothing can bo more creditable to tho Promier — *a a private individual— than tho energy and 'posb' by means of which he has contrived to insinuate bimtelf into ol| the most pro I mioing uctiertaHngn fer tho thorough ex ploitation of thorosourcDo of tho colony. Tho objection, is that a man so oitnatod eioalil havo boen onablod by tho onjoymtmt of o protractod loaso of power— power most nn» ocrnpuloualy need — to fasten his grip en tho vario'uBchannoIaofM'oalthwithBuohtightnss na to lay a conslderabloportion. o? the colony, and with it tho liberty and independence of ita inhabitants, under contribution. And whon tho objection in met by representing ouch an.?innolt 'to comtnon-sonno as tbo Kimbor coutraot^in tho light of a panacea for abuses which tho pnposorhimGolf is largoly ro3ponelblo for, it is high timo that a ohongo bo effcoted in tho disposition of tho political chess-board. Thoro is now no longer any difficulty in understanding tbo rolnotanco of tho Promier to quit offlco; but in proportion as tho reasons for such roluotanco multiply, eo must all truo Quoonalanders long for tho day when ono who has managed to feather his nest so well shall yiold tho roins of office to less vorsatllo — and Ies3 grasping — hands. — Maryborough. Chronicle. 