SUNDAY READING. The Jordanic Passage. Br THE Bsr. T. jjb Witt Taluage. And as they that bare ftie ark were como nnto Jordan, and iho (cet of the priests that hare tho ark were diprca in the Vrim o( the -water, thit the waters whieh came down from aliore stood and rose up on a heap very far from the city Adam, and the pnesta tint bare the ark of the corenaut of tho Lord stood firm on dry cronud tD the midst of - ordan, and all the iSdtospWd over on dry sround. i » people were passed clean over Jordan.—Joshua m. I 15—17. STANDING on the scene of that affrighted and fugitive river Jordan, I l<a?n for myself and for you, fir.t, that obstacles when they are touched, vanish. The text tays that when those priests came down and touched the edge of the water with their feet, the water parted. They did not wade in chin deep, or waist deep, or knee deep, or ankle deep, but as soon as their fe*t touched the _ water ii vanished. And it • makes nic think that almost all the obstacles of life rctd only to be approached in order to be conquered. Difficulties touched, vanish. It is the trouble, the difficulty, the obstacle Ihera in the distance that seems so huge and tremendous. 'J he apostles Paul and John seemed to liate cross dogs. The apcstle Paul said in Pbilippians : 1 Beware of dogs,* and John seems to shut the gate of heaven against all the canine species when ho eaya: 1 Without are dogs.* But T have been told that when these animals are furious and they come at you, if you will keep your eye on them and advance upon them, they will retreat, b'o the most of the trials of life that hound your steps, if you can only get your eye upon them, and keep your eye npon them, and advance upon them, crying: 1 Begone V wilt sink and cower. There is a beautiful tradition among the j American Indians, that iUraton was travelling in the invisible world and one day ho came to a barrier of brambles and sharp thorns whicu forbade his going on, and there was a wild beast glaring at him from the thicket, but as he determined to go on and did proceed, the brambles were found to be only phantoms, and the beast was found to be a powerless ghost, and the impassable river that forbade his.rush ing to the embrace of ipsdusk Garateldn proved to be ohly the phantom of a river. Well, my friends, the fact is that many things that cross our pathway are only the phantoms, only the de'uiions of life Difficulties tmehed are con quered. Put your feet into the brim of the water and Jordan retreats. You sometimes sec a great duty to perform ; it is a disagreeable duty. You say, 11 can't go through it, I haven't tbe courage, I haven't the intelligence to co through it.' Advance upon it and Jordan will fly. Again : this Jot dame passage teaches me the completeness of everything that God does. When God put an invisible dam across the Jordan and it halted, it would have been natural, you would suppose, for the waters to overflow the region around about, so that great devastation would have taken place. But when God put a dam on in fr. nt of the rmr, he put a dam on either side of the river, so according to the text the waters halted and reared and stood there, not overflowing the surrounding country. Oh, the cunpletcness of every thing God doe*! One would think if tho water of Jordan had dropped until it was only two or three feet deep that the Israelites might have marched through and have come up on the other bank with soaked and saturated garments, as men come ashen* from a Bbipwreck, and that would have been a wonderful deliverance. So it would. But God does something better than tliat. One would suppose, if tlio water had been drawn off from, tho Jordan there would have been a bed of. mud and slime through which the army would hare had to march. Draw off the wattT from, the Hudson cr the Connec'icutand there would be many days and perhaps wooks before the sediment would dry. Yet here, immediately, God prepares a path through tho depths of the Jordan. It is eo dry the passengers do not even get their feet damp. Oh, the completeness of everything that God does! Doeg he make a universe ? it is a perfect clock, running ever sineo it was wound up, fixed stars the pivots, constellations tho inlcr moving wheels, and ponderous laws t he weights i and mighty swinging pendulum; tlio stars .in j the great dome striking midnight, and the sun , withbra7.cn tongue tolling the hour of noon. The slightest comet has upon it tho chaiixpf.a law which it cannot break. Th<* thistle down fl, ing before the schoolboy's breath is controlled by the same law that controls the sun and the planets. 'Jhe rose bush in your window is governed by the tamo principle that governs the great tree of the universe, on which •*ars are ripeuiog fruit, and on which 'God will one clay put his hand and shake down tho frail. A perfect uni verse! No astronomer has ever proposed an amendment. Does God make a Bible, it is a complete Bible. Standing amid its dreadful and delightful truths, you seem to bo in* the midst of on orchestra, where the walings over sin and the rejoicings over pardon and th« martial strains of victory make a chorus like the anthem of eternity. This b;ok stems to you • n ocean at. truth-on every wave .Of whiqh. Christ/walk* sometimes in the darkn*** of pro phecy, soiqc'timctt in the splendour* with winch he valkad on Galilee., la this book, upu*t)e nswering to jiroplyt, Jhiui Isaiah, Jbtevelatbu io G-oiiC3is; glorious light turning tbo midnight Df sorrow inlo tho midnoonof joy; piorciogovery fog; uutlickering in evory tempest. Oh, this hoik is tho ties of God on the soul of lost man. Complete Bible; no man ever proposed an im provement.: Hoes God provide a Saviour, he is a complete Saviour. Godiuan, divinity humanity united in the rame peraon. Ho sot up the starry pillar of the universe, aud the towers of light; ho planted the cedars on the heavenly Lebanon ; ho struck' out of the rock the rirers of life linging under tho trees, siuging under the thrones; he uu quarried tho pardonyx and the chrysolite and the topaz of tho heavenly wall, pulling ^own jasper for the foundation and heaving up amethyst for the capital, and swinging twelve gates, which are twelve pearls. In one instant, he thought out a universe, and yet ho is a chill crying after his mother, feeling along the side of the manger while he ia learning to walk. Omnipotence sheathed in the muscles and flesh )f a child's arm ; ornipoteuce strung* in tho jptic nerve of a child's eye ; infinite Jove beat .og in a child's heart; the great God appear* in the form of a child ope year old, five, veats old, fifteen years old. While all lieaveh vera ascribing to him gl.ry and honour, and jower, on earth they called him 1 this fellow/ JVTiilo the heavenly* lmst, wi h folded whig over iace, bowed down before bira and cried: 'Holy! ho y!' on earth they denouueed him as i blasphemer and a sot. Itocked in a boat on denepsaret, add yet He it is who undirks the ightning from the storm-cloud and dis* nasts Lebanon of its forc ts, and Holds tbo five (ceans on the tip of his finger as a loaf holdeth grain drop. Oh, lie ia a complete Saviour! lubbing liis hand over the place where we have apaiu until it is soothed, yet tho stars of heaven Ue adorning gems of his right hand! Holding ib iu his arms when we take tho last view of cur dead, and sitting down with us on the tombstone, and while we pUnl roses there, ho u planting consolation in our boiut, every emptor a stalk, tvery verse a stem, overy word axoie. A complete Saviour; a complete Bible; acompletc universe; a complete Jordanic pas 1 sigc; cvorything that God does ia complete! Again: i learn from Uiis Jordanic passage tlat between us and every Canaan cf success aid prosperity there is a river that must bo putcd. * Oh, how I should liko to have some of those grapes on tho ether side,' said some of the Israelites to Joshua. ' Well/ eaid Joshua, 'e you want some of those grap:s, why don't ycu cross over and get them ?' A river of difli ciity between us and everything that is worth bar ng That which costs nothing is worth ndhing: God did not intend this world for an eaiy parlour through which we are to be drawn ina rocking chair, but wo oro to woyk our jias fab*, climb nusts, fight buttles, scale mountain*, foil rivers. God makes everything valuable dificult to get at for (ho tame reason that heputs the gold down in the mine, and the petrl clear down in tiie rea ; it is to make us dig aud dive for them. We acknowledge this prnciple in wurloly things. Would that wo were wise enough to acknowledge it in religious lungs. Tou know it is so in r. gird to the acquisi tion of knowledge The ancients used to say Out Vulcin struck Jupiter on the head and the goddess of Wisdom jumped out, illustrating the truth that wisdom comes by hard knocks Th?re was a river of difficulty between Sbaks pejre the boy holding the horse at the door of the London theatre, and that Shakspeare the grmtcit dramatist, winning the applause of all nations by his tragedies. There was a river of difcculty between Benjamin Franklin "with a loai of bread under his arm, walking the streets of Philadelphia, and that same Benja min Franklin the philosopher just outeide of Boston, playing kite with tho thunderstorm |-An idbrr wjs cored of his had habit by looking through the window night after night, at a man who seemed sitting at hia desk turn ing off or.c sheet of writing after another until almost the dawu of morning. The man seated there writing until morning was the industri ous Walter ^cott. The imnwho looked at him through the window was Lock hart, his illu-tri"us biographer aftarward. Lord Mans field, pursurd by the Press, pursued by tho populace, because of u certain course he had taken, shuck his fiat in the fuqc of the mob and Bkid: 'Siri, when onoV tasfc end comes, it .cannot come too soon -when ho fall* in defence of the law and the liberty of his countiy.* . And so there ~ is, my friends, k / tiig, a jostle,* * a ■ trial, a push, an anxiety through'.which every man must go be- | jorc h.>, comes to worldly success, Now bo wise enough to apply the principle in religion. Hmi nent-Cliriitian - character is only attained by Jordanic passage.. No man just happens to get good. "Why does .that-man know so^ much ab ut tho Scriptures ?- Ho was studying the Bible when you we'ris rctidit g a novel. Ho was bu fire vnUi the sublimities of tbo Bible while you were sound asleep. It was by tugging and toiling and.pushing andfrunning in tho Chris tian Kfo.that bo bccatno so strong. In a hun i'rod Solferinos he learned how to fight. In a hundred , shipwrecks lie learned how to swim. Tears over sin,'Tears over'2»on'a desolation, tears 'over The impenitent, tears over graves, Tufldo a Jordan, which that man had to pass. I Porrunr-s'nins * the check,-and sinks the oye, | and pules tho brow, qcd thins the hand. Thoro are; mourning garments in overy wardrobe. There are duUlu iu every family record. All mound us are Llie relics of tbs-dead. "Tho Christian has passed'this ifed ficaof troublo, and yet lie finds that there'is tho Jordan of death beLwcea him and -heaven..- Ho comes down to the Jordan of death ond thinks how many have been lost there.. - .When Lieutenant rMalincujtx was exploring the Jordan in Pules ' lie had his boats all knocked .to pieces in Oic vapids of tho river, and :there aro'a/great: many men who have gone'down in tho river of ■ d^lh. Tho Atlantic ar.d Pacific liaro not swal lowed so jintfiy*; It i« .wt awful thing to makol shipwreck on' the rock of ruin., WfohtA falling, hulks ^Slitting, death coining, groarfing in tho water, moaning in Vhcwind; thundering iu tho sky; wliilo God with finger of lightning write* ovor all tho, Bceno: 'I will troad them in my ■ wrnth, and ;I will trample tliom in my fury.' The Christian approaches this raging torrent, and as lionears it, his breath gets shorter and his last broath leaves him as ho steps into tho stream : hut no soonor 1ms ho touched the stream than it is parted, and ho goes through dry shod, whilo all tho watora wave their plumes orying: ' O death, where is t'-y sting ? O grave, where is thy victory ?' 1 God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes,' and thero shall be no more sea, and thore shall he no more death, ' One word of comfort from this "subject for all the bereft. You see our departed friend* have not been submerged, they have not been swamped in the waters ; they have only crossed over. Those Israelites were as thoroughly alive on the oastern bank of the Jordan as they had been on the western hank of the Jordan, and our dopartcd Christian friends have only crossed ovor. They are not sick nor dead, not ex hausted, not extinguished, not blotted out; but with healthier respiration, and stouter pulsation, and keener sight, and bettor prcspcct. Crossed ovor—their sins, their physical and mental disquietude all loft on this side. Im passable obstacle betweon them and n'l human and Satanic pursuit. Crossed over. I shake hands of congratulation with all tho bereft in the consideration that their departed Chris'ian frionds, are safe. Would you have them back again ? You know, how hard it was sometimes for them, to get - their breath in the stifling ntmosphero of the summer. Would you have them baoknowP Did they not hnvo their burden long enough? Would you have Tour children back again? Would you hayo them take the risks and the temptations which threaten every human pathway? Would, yon have them cross Jordan three times—in addition to (ho crossing already, crossing again to greet you now, and then crossing.back after o while? Certoinly, you would not want to keep them for ever out of heaven. " Tonse now and weop, not tor the freed from pain. But that the sigh of love would biing them bock again," . Fuse Railway Passes iw New South Wales.—A return made to the New South Wales Parliament of railway passes granted in that coloDy to persons other than assisted immi grants from January 1 to October. SI last shows that 233 passes were given to persons from Queensland, of which 86 we're givon in October. . . 