EYA ADAIR CHAPTER XVII. 1 As Richard Hammond groped his way from the cottage, Eva was returning, and seeing her so close, he drew his hat down to \ conceal his face, then buttoning high his threadbare coat, passed quickly from her. But Eva, wondering at a stranger leaving the , cottage, parsed for an instant at the threshold to look back upon his hurrying figure. She saw that he had removed his hat, and carried it at his side, and watched aud wondered until the blinding snow haci shut him from sight ; but, when she entered the cottage, strange to narrate, the figure of this man was indelibly associated in her mind with the shadow that had brought darkness for an instant in the room. ' Who has b.een with you ?' she inquired of old Hammond, as she shook the snow off her jacket, and, setting it on a chair-back, stirred the cheerless fire iut-? a blaze. Philip drew her to him fondly. ' Eva, I — I have seen — - But take your wet things off, child.' ' Sees whom ? Who was he ? — not a messenger from Arthur ?' ' 0 no, but my son — your father — has J been here.' ' My father ?' echoed Eva, aghast. ' It ' was he who ? My father, is it possible ?' For she could not realise that the care- 1 worn-looking, ill-clad beggar who passed j her at the threshold was her father. ' He is a beggar, my darling, in dire necessity. He has worked his way from — from this address.' And he handed her the paper which his son had given him, and Eva read : ' Mrs. Hammond, 4, White Cross-street, St. Luke's, London.' ' He is seeking to -reach some distant town, where he is pr°nnsed some employ ment,' added Philip. 'Did he ask to see me, grandpapa ?' 'No.'- ' / ' Nor for me, even ?' 'No.' ' Did he not speak of me at all ?' ' No ; I— lie— wanted money — and ? ' ' And you assisted him ?' , 'A trifle.' ' Was he — was he sober ?' 'As sober as I am. Why do y oil ask that?' ? 'Because he walked so like a drunken man, and carried his hat in his hand, although the snow was falling thickly. Are you quite sure that he was- your son ?' ' I could not be mistaken in his voice.' ' Is this his address ?' ' It is his wife's address.' ' My stepmother's ?' observed Eva,, in nocently. ' Eh ? — yes, your stepmother. She is in great affliction, and I have promised to render lier such assistance as lies within my power. Will you write to her ?' ' Of course, dear, if you wish it.' So before the night closed in, a long and affectionate letter was written by Eva, at the old man's dictation. The same post conveyed a letter to Spain, addressed to Arthur Knowles. _ Z_... ? .'I ? '* ? ; ? I ? .1 ? ? \ r superstition in a wedrk' or- lonely uniid. The wind was howling dismally without ; the doors and windows of the little cottage shook tumultuously. Aud as Eva — retiring to her room — listened to the old man's j murmurs, her door, always left ajar, was suddenly blown open ; and she fancied that the cold night-air rushed past her in that moment, as if some aperture had been alio wed. to admit it, and was quickly closed again. She rose from her chair and lis tened ; nothing but the storm without was heard, and the old man's voice above it, praying for his son: But as she once more abandoned herself to her own sad thoughts, she heard a sudden click, resembling the sound of a key turned upon a lock in the room below. The old man must, have heard it too, for he had paused in his murmuring. She rose herself to listen. But again the old man murmured on, and then again the clicking of a lock, fainter than the first, followed by the sound of one i drawing forth a drawer. Could her grandfather have left his bed in the middle of the night ? 'All! the safe — my money! Eva.! we are robbed!' cried the old man, for he had risen now, and groped bis way across the room, his hands striking something wet, and cold, which rose and confronted him. ' Who — who is the thief?' he cried, holding the midnight robber for a moment ? with the might of a strohg man. ' Let me go !' hissed the man, but as he spoke the drawer of gold was wrenched from his hand, and fell with a great crash upon the floor. 'Baffled!' cried the fellow with an oath, as Eva entered, only in time to see her grandfather's white figure hurled against the wall ; and ere she could move, or think to move or act, the stranger had disappeared through the window with cat-like agility. ' What has happened ? 0, dear grand papa, speak to hie !' The old man had fallen on the ground ; and she quietly raised his head upon her knee. ' My son, my son ! 0, Richard ! God forgive y oil, my son !' J And then the servant being disturbed, / but with no idea of what\had happened, entered'' with a light. The draught extin guished it immediately, 'but not before Eva had seen the scattered gold and bits of frozen snow: about the room. w, 'In Heaven's name, what lias hap pened?' inquired Susan, closing the door and relighting the candle. ' We havo been robbed!' cried; Eva. ' Don't you see ?' ' Lord ha' mercy !' screamed the woman, fastening the lattice, and stooping beside old Philip, who was perfectly unconscious. What was to be done ? Medical aid was distant, and Susan was . . too afraid to cross the threshold. Eva bade her light a fire, but she was even. afraid to descend for the wood. Eva had tcygo herself for it. Fortunately some brandy was at hand, and old Philip was ? again restored to consciousness. But his mind was very uneven ; he kept reiterating that 'bis son had robbed and killed him, and neither could convince him to the contrary. At daybreak he insisted that he was dying, and wished Eva to telegraph Arthur i Knowles to that effect. ' So she started at onee for Oxford, and after securing a doctor, begged him to tele graph-to Spain and to Lynwood, as she felt no error would accrue if the doctor wrote the message. It was a wild morning for so long a walk. The snow lay several inches deep upon the earth. It was a great im pediment to her speed. Her face was flushed with burning heat as she reached the doctor's; and there was quite an hour's delay before the telegrams, were despatched or they could procure a conveyance to drive them back to Bagley. Eva's absence had seemed ages to the servant. ' He's took for the worse,' she exclaimed softly as she welcomed her return ; ' his talk has been dreffly wild and stupid.' Eva rushed upstairs without waiting for the conclusion of her old nurse's remarks. ' 0, Eva !' exclaimed the old man as he felt his grandchild's kisses on his lips. ' You have sent for Arthur ; you have said that — I- am. dying?' ' Dying ! 0, no, no ! Here is the doctor !' 'Dying! Who talks about dying?' ob served the doctor, entering with a smile; but as he approached the bedside the smile vanished, and he. saw that death was written on the old man's face. Eva grasped the doctor by the arm. Anything but that ex pression on his face, which told the old, old story. ' Is the place the same ?' inquired old Philip, presently. ' Always the same !' answered Eva. ' There are strange red marks and black marks floating all around. It's very cold, i too, isn't it ?' ' Very, very cold.' The earth without seemed dying. The crowded skeletons of leafless trees, the hawthorn and the myrtle, divested' of their green coating, wore now a whiter covering, while the shivering passers in the storm glanced up at the heavily-laden clouds, eager to reject the dying year and welcome the resurrection of the new, as a human life within turned from the winter of life with, earnest longing for the paradise of an eternal spring. ' Eva, I am dying ! My last breath 'is going out of me. I feel it? is, my darling girl, going slowly — surely. ' 0 no, no ! The doctor instill here ; he will not let you die. Live 1' live!' she cried. ' Ah' live! ' . . r But the old man called feebly to his old servant to come nearer. ' You have known her all these years,' he observed, speaking very slowly. And lie seemed to experience so great a difficulty to articulate as he continued that the doctor gently raised his pillows. ' You were her nurse. I have nothing to make over to you or her, except the money ; he — God forgive him ! — and the little cottage which you will always consider as your own to live in, if you wish — be a friend to her, take and ? ' But the dying man here rested with exhaustion, and the a smile lit up his fea tures and he appeared to be listening, | aud [ as he listened so the smile died from his face for evermore. = f Turning to Eva, he endeavoured tq^ raise himself ; and his spirit fled as lie was feebly trying to Biss her. His wasted hands en- 'Iils~last:*^ hroiien ~ worcis, ^^poicen Til' a 'weak' inarticulate moan, reached Eva's ears : 'In eter ? ' The word, unfinished, dashed through Ms lips by a suspension of the wheels of time, ended in a whisper, and vanished like a breath of air. ? The link was broken. He was dead. CHAPTER XVIII. Mary Hammond was suddenly thrown upon the mercy of a selfish world ; the I gauntTspectre of starvation stood before her threshold ; a sick child was crying in her arms for food denied. No tidings had reached her from her husbaud since his cruel desertion — a desertion she attributed to the influence of his evil associate, whose machinations lie had ever been unable to withstand. So day by day she returned home, wearied and exhausted by a futile search for labour; day by day she read upon the thin pale face of her stricken child, a fever, hurrying on for want of nourishment to fight it off. In response tovmauy applications she had made for employment, but one had con sented to engage her to work about the house, and to this lady she was indebted for a day's food and two shillings weekly; other employment being uncertain. Her meagre furniture had become the property of her landlord, who now threat ened to take the door and window from the garret she had rented of him, unless she at once responded to his final notice to quit. Indeed she had suffered a serious relapse already on rising from a fever prematurely, and now she felt that she must journey forth a beggar. But for her mother — who knew nothing further than that she and her husband were iu pecuniary difficulty— sending what timely aid her scanty purse could ill afford, Mary and her child must have starved outright, or have resorted to that last retreat of poverty — the workhouse. She had even felt in writing to her that she could not send a record of her wrong and sorrow ; but if she could have raised the wherewithal to procure decent clothing for . the journey, she would long ago have sought her and have laid bare her husband's cruelty and neglect. She could doubtless be of some service, if even as barmaid in the little inn her mother had purchased in Durham, for she had long sold the house from which her daughter was married, and the receipts yielded at the inn barely afforded her the necessary comforts of life. But what hope had she of buying clothes, much less the means to go on such a journey ? She must continue to look at Vcak in her usual way. But one morning it so happened that when endeavouring to summon philosophy — in the absence of more palatable matter —to appease her starving child, she heard the landlord's step upon the stairs, and feared that ho had come to put his final threat into execution. 'A letter!' he exclaimed brusquely, entering the room with currish rudeness. 'For me ?' inquired Mary, eagerly stretching forth her hand and clutching it in her almost frozen fingers. Could it be from Richard ? The landlord waited, as if he had some lordly right and title to be acquainted with its contents. Heaven ? and earth ! how suddenly obse quious did lie become, as his eves rested on a post-office order which trembled in his lodger's hand. 'Five pounds !' she murmured half aloud, and glanced upon the letter — in an un known hand. There was nothing on earth her landlord would not do for her ; if he could send up some soup for baby, or some cold mutton, or~ : / Mary Hammond rose a different woman, and kissed her child. ' Have no fear,' she exclaimed, as she declined his proffered luxuries, ' I will pay you what I owe on my return,' and taking down her hat, she passed swiftly from the room. Nor had the landlord long to wait for settlement ; whilst Mary, after all deduc tions, found herself in possession of forty fiv,e shillings, with which she purchased food and some second-hand clothing, pre paratory for her journey to her mother. She wrote a letter of heartfelt thanks to her benefactor before she went, little dreaming that he to whom those words of gratitude were dedicated had ceased to be. But on the following morning Eva received it, together with a telegram from Sir Laurence Adair, in answer to the doctor's message, which ran thus. : ' Arthur is still in Spain with reading party ; your message was immediately des patched to liim.' 'Then he has forsaken me,' she 'cried, ' and I am utterly alone. 0, why did lie cross my path, tojrpb my life for ever of its happiness.' y The convulsive sobs which shook her slender frame brought but slight relief to her over-burdened heart ; and on the day the remains of Philip Hammond were com mitted to the frozen ground, the servant was surprised and alarmed to find her young mistress packing ux- her things as for a journey. But Eva told lier. that she had written in answer to an advertisement for a resident English governess in the home of a French family at Boulogne^ which ap pointment she had secured an d^ would at once fulfil. For strange to say, the poor girl attached less blame to Arthur's actions than to the ign.oble defame, her parent's hand had wrought to her dishonour ; she felt that she had even less claim upon him now, holding herself to be the daughter of a parricide. For if Arthur even had denied her sympathy in this misfortune, to whom else could she turn ? the only tie of Chris tian love that she had ever known was taken from her in old Philip, and it-would be better to place distance between herself and the scenes that she had loved from childhood. So she thought, and on the morrow, Christmas Day, she had resolved to float her pilgrimage upon the waves of life's rough sea, and buffet on somehow, alone. No longer did old Susan endeavour to dissuade-lier from her resolution ; she saw how every little tliing about the cottage breathed sad memories. She had contented herself, at Eva's wish, to remain the soli tary tenant of the cottage; and Eva at parting bestowed qu her old servant most of lip 'E va's*' luggage'r labelled 'for' ±-ouloghe ?' and, as Bagley did not boast of much travelling coivvenience, he promised Susan to send a carriage in the early morning to convey her mistress to the railway-station. But there must either have been ail extra call upon Oxford vehicles next day, or the carrier neglected his commission, for the conveyance never came. s But on the night preceding her departure the poor girl sat alone in her own room, her eyes fixed on several open letters which lay upon her lap, letters written in a hand so dearly loved till now. ' In case I should die,' she murmured, as tears welled to her eyelids, ' and they should be found upon me, establishing to the world what may be known to but a few, that I was to liS-f'e been his wife, that I — — 0, Heaven!' she, cried, 'lie will never know how much I loved,' aud as she spoke she ignited the letters by the flame of the fire, and then in silence watched them burn into a heap of ashes on the hearth. ' May the record of this night be never known to him, my life's dear love!' She' could go away from the fold place now with a braver heart somehow, but as she passed out upon the landing, she paused startled by a voice that was strange to her, and as the voice ceased to speak, ^slie heard Susan distinctly answer : ' Your father— are you his sou then ?.' ' Yes ; why don't you answer me ? Ho is not dead.'' ' May 'God forgive you! Yes,' she answered, ' he is dead.' ('When — how did he die ?' inquired the stranger in a whispering voice. ' You ask me this!' said the servant, terrified. ' You who paid his kindness with disgrace — you who have the black crime of his murder on your soul— you who robbed and strangled him — you whose name lie should have cursed instead of, blessed. Don't come auy nearer to me ; don't try to frighten me with your murderous looks.' ' Be calm, don't fear me ; tell me what you mean.' For Richard Hammond's visit there that night was one that would have augured ill for Saville Adair's plans ; he had returned beneath his father's roof a penitent man, and in deep contrition for the many aching thoughts his wayward life had brought him. He came prepared to divulge a secret that would have placed the child of his adoption in lier lawful station, but before the know ledge of his father's death all resolutions were bowed down. With ..a face -that was hardened, lie listened as Susan narrated the particulars of the robbery, and saw how fearfully he had been made the dupe of another's artifice. For that George Quin had done this fearful crime attributed by his father to himself, lie could no longer doubt. His recent avoidance of him, his nervous manner, and his subsequent disappearance, all tended to confirm his fears. So rising abruptly, he staggered to the d^r, exclaiming as he raised the latch, afid passed out into the night : 'By Heaven, if he's on earth I'll find him!' CHAPTER XIX. The festive season was come again, and Christmas Day once more commemorated the anniversary of a nativity heralded to the ' shepherds abiding in the fields keeping watch over their flocks by night.' The birth of Christ, celebrated by a consider-' able consumption of turkeys, roast beef, geese, entrees innumerable ; plum-pudding, fruits, wines, bon- bons, and mince-pies, in the good old orthodox style. Ghost stories told before the yule-log, engrafting': the love of the supernatural so keenly, that, to the .astonished, and dilated eyes of the breathless juveniles, the very ghosts Wye grown to living things, and dance within the blaze. Christmas Day. Thousands of ill-clad paupers tottering through the streets of the most successful city in the world, bearing their own vessels for a freight of beef, pudding, or soup, 'provided for the poor, exchanging merrily as they pass along the usual greetings, evoked by the happy pros pect of a meal so long deferred, and crawling back again to fireless hearths, recall the struggle of a broken life too horrible to picture. Christmas Day. Eva is alone, no hand to guide her, no bosom on which to pour her grief, no voice to breathe sweet comfort to her now ; the past with its little breath of happiness for ever gone, like a dream which ends in nothing. Christmas Day. The hour before the dawn ; for she has chosen it for her depar ture, wishing to be far away from scenes so hallowed to lier ere the light of day re vealed them to her sight. She passed many light^wid liappy hearts, bent on a day of pleasure to some distant town or village, who paused to look at her with that degree of compassion a mere stranger might incline to feel in pity for some stricken fellow-creature. 'v. But on, on she went, amidst the snow and blinding sleet. No bright prospect of a happier day for her ; the veriest look of sympathy from any passer on the road un nerved her. ,/ At last she paused upon the way to rest and listen to the voices of a children's choir sing in an iron chapel : For unto us a Sou is bom, to us a Son is given ; Him shall the tribes of earth obey, Hiin all the hosts of heaven. The cold ^benumbed her limbs, she dared not tarry ; ler lips were white as chiselled marble. Silting on a snow- capped step, she drew her glove off that she might chafe her frozen hands, and the morning sun, but newly risen, cast its rays upon a ring which j he had given her as a pledge of their en- j gagement. ' Oh, heaven ! ' she cried, ' it is worse than death to be alone like this ! If I could only sleep mty last long rest, never more to awaken.' (| She rested on the steps until the singing died away, looking indeed as if death would claim her there and then ; but it was not to be. .Hearts may break, but the troubled mind seldom finds relief so awful. At last, fearful of being recognised by the children as they left the chapel — and she was known to many of them^-she rose and journeyed on again ; and as she reached a bend in the road, St. Mary's oil Oxford rose before her. / Arriving at the railway-station, and tjie cofle e l1?c relreslmaen t-l-oo lii ~ aucT lis she counted out what money she deemed would be sufficient to carry her to Boulogne', lier eyes rested on an ill-clad girl about her own age aud height, with golden liair, like hers. ' She, must be starving,' thought our heroine, as she approached her kindly. ' I am sure she looks so,' and recking not the crowd of passengers around, she made her way to the poor girl and offered her some sandwiches, but she refused them gently^ ' You do not know me, or what I am,''' she said. ' Are you ill ?' '111? To' death.' ' Let me get you a cup of coffee ?' 'You are too good.' Eva waited long and patiently for attend ance, and at last procuring what she wanted, took it to her suffering sister, who had eaten the sandwiches like a famished wolf. ' Where are you going ?' inquired Eva, as she sat beside her. ' To London.' ' You have friends there?' ' i)bn't seek to know me, or what I am,' she answered, shrinking back. ' But if I can serve you, help you ? I am in distress like you ; won't you trust me? We are both going to London, and may travel together. Are you so very poor?' 'I should not be,' replied her com panion ; ' he is the son of a baronet.' ' Your husband ?' observed Eva. ' Listen ; I will tell you. ' He was at Oriel College, and often met me in the meadows of a summer's evening, where he told me that, he loved me; X loved him because lie was a gentleman born and bred, so I believed and trusted him accordingly. He asked me to be his wife — don't look at me with those bright eyes, or I must keep back that part of my ruined life which will make you shun and scorn me.' ' He deceived you, then ?' whispered Eva. ' Cruelly. Three months ago a little child was born, and — and I left it with a woman to keep ; they gave me his address in London. I don't want to bring disgrace on him,' she cried, ' because I love liim ; but I want a little money to keep his child from starving — that is all.' And now the passengers were flocking from the waiting-room to procure .their tickets, and the two girls were left alone. ' But you cannot go through London as you are,' said Eva. ' Come with me,' she added, passing into the ante-room. ' I have a warm jacket in this carpet-bag, I brought it to wear over mine in the steamer.' ' Are you going abroad, then ?' inquired her companion, dashing her tears from her face with the back of her hand, as she followed her to an adjoining room. ' Only across to Boulogne. We must make haste,' she added, unstrapping her carpet-bag; ' the bell is ringing. Now, pray do not refuse ; I can do very well without it. And this little bonnet, too — ' yes, I can. Now, let me put it on ; never mind your own. Stay, put it in my bag, we can make a parcel of them iu the train.' A screaming whistle in the distance, a crowd of jjassengers rushing blindly to and fro, fairly besieging the bewildered officials, v as Eva procured her ticket and that of her / / companion, and going straightway to the station-master as the train drew up before the platform, was favoured by his courtesy with seats in a first-class compartment, the second and third-class carriages being already occupied to an unlicensed extent. It was quite ten minutes before all were seated, ''and the train was permitted to depart, steaming out of Oxford, bound for a destination it would never reach. The train was crowded ; passengers good naturedly suffering others to rest upon their knees, or line the passages between tlie seats. All were gay and merry, singing, reading, talking, or laughing. Eva had narrated in turn her history to the sorrowing girl beside her, and a com plete sympathy had arisen between them in their mutual griefs. ' Didcott Junction,' observed the latter, glancing out of the window, and looking brighter nowcin Eva's cloak and bonnet. But the train was shortly off again, amidst 'the waving of many handkerchiefs, applied occasionally to the eyes of weeping mothers taking leave of their husbands and their children, of brothers and sisters, hus bands and wives, parting for the last time, as the doomed train steamed out of the station. It had not proceeded much further on the journey wheu shrill whistles sounded, passengers started; a fearful crash ; hearts stopped ; the carriages were broken into, dashed up on end, thrown over, crushed and shivered to small pieces ; groans rent the air, shrieks and cries ; a horrible confusion followed ; for scattered right and left, all that remained of the invention of man, and the creation of God, were a chaos of wheels and timber, cushioned seats and broken glass, and — worst of all — a shattered heap of human limbs and life-extinct humanity. Spain, with its ancient feuds, its Moorish conquests, its invincible Armada, its palaces and churches, its marble Alhambra. Spain, the great^peninsular beyond the Pyrenees, with its 'delightful climate, its wild and rocky hills, its vine- clad dales, its oak and palm, its fig and grape, its citron and pomegranate. Spain, upon the banks of the GuadfCP quivir, at a short distance from Seville, the residence of ancient kings ; and a few kilos from Palos, from whence Columbus sailed, and affording a new field for Great Britain's children, was rewarded with a dungeon for his pains, a number of Spanish peasantry were watching in their indolence the evolutions of a few gitanas as they revelled in the national bolero, the southern sun shining on their gaudy and picturesque costume with pleasing effect. The party of English tourists on the opposite bank of the river must evidently 'have possessed a desire to study national character, romantic scenery, enjoyment, and repose together, for the spot which they had chosen was as beautiful and sequestered as any in the country ; at their feet flowed the Guadalquivir, around them were gnarled vines, laden with purple grapes, and taste fully festooned from tree to tree ; beneath tliem a grassy glade, decked here and there witlijvariou^^tmted_flowers;__ Before them, But now, one of the party of tourists, separating from the rest, sought the direc tion of a villa of Moorish architecture, where some of his fellow-students were temporarily residing. He found them engrossed in study as he entered, each frequently making a referee of an elderly gentleman, who at once rose to greet the' new- comer. ' Have you seen Westerton this morning, Mr. Ivnowles ? ' he inquired. ' Yes,' responded the new-comer ; ' I was with him a few moments since.' ' He promised me an hour at ten o'clock ; it is now almost twelve, and he hasn't put in an appearance.' 'Nor is lie likely to-day,' observed Arthur, 'for his father and sister have arrived from Seville with some English residents, and will remain until sunset. By-the-way, has Paix been over for the letters this morning ? ' ' He returned an hour ago, and is in your room, I fancy.' ' Thanks,' responded Arthur, and hasten ing from the room which had been set aside as a study, he was surprised on entering his own apartment to find the scout writing at the dressing-table. ' What are you doing, Paix ? ' he in quired, as the man hastily attempted to dispose of the writing materials. ' I was casting up the totals of the young gentlemen's battels, sir,' answered the scout. ' Then perhaps you will find some other place for this attention,' observed Arthur, regarding the servant's heightened colour with suspicion ; but as everything about the room was in such perfect order, he had no cause to doubt the man's statement, or to know the full evtent of mischief he had wrought. 'Stay,' he added;/' are there no letters for me this morning^' ' None, sir,' replied the scout, carrying himself and writing materials from the room. ' Very strange,' muttered Arthur, 'what can this silence mean ? Each letter I have received from her has grown more cold and formal, reproaching me for brief and matter of-fact correspondence, full of fancies, as though she doubted my sincerity and love. What proof of love can man write that I have not ? Good gracious ! I have been the sentimental lover, rather than anything else ; I have endeavored to sliow how much I love and esteem her, and am reproached for a coldness in my letters. It's more than three weeks since I heard from her.' 'Pardon me, Mr. Knowles,' exclaimed the scout, seeking re- admission, ' but Mr. Westerton informs me that you leave for England to-night, and- ? ' ' Well ? ' demanded Arthur abruptly. ' I only thought you might require your things packed and conveyed to Seville ?' ' No, thank you,' answered Arthur ; ' I will take what articles I require in my portmanteau ; the rest can proceed with the luggage of the party, and return with theirs to England.' , ' .1 am very sorry, sir, that hasty news should compel you to go away so unex — ' ' Paix, there is one good quality a servant should possess, of which you stand in need.' 'I beg your ? ' « ' Don't, but make it a study to mind your own business.' \ ' I will,' laughed the scout maliciously, as Arthur went out, confounding the servant for his inquisitiveness, and returned to the spot where he had left his friends. He discovered Charley first, stretched full length upon the ground, listlessly puff- . ing away circular wreaths of smoke, his chin resting on his hands, his elbows on the grass, his attention centred on a Spanish gipsy, whose face was so completely covered with hair as to leave only his eyes and the extremity of his nose visible. Before him. were three of that gipsy's daughters playing paume. 'I think I understand it now,' exclaimed Charley, sipping his iced pine through a barquilo -; ' let me see your daughters dance the bolero.' 'Bolero, senor?' exclaimed the Spaniard, pointing to a group of dancers on the op posite bank. ' There! ' ' Yes,' answered Charley. 'But I want one of these — er — young ladies to show me if they^will.' So one of the young ladies thus apostro X-liised rose, and throwing aside her schistera and ball, fell straightway into all the grace a.nd rapid movement which renders the dance so fascinating in the Spanish gitana. Charley wondered if she could waltz as gracefully ; but, on catching an admiring glance from Alice Westerton, who was sitting on the trunk of an old oak, the gitana X-aused, reddened, and again seizing her schistera, fell to beating about the paume ball, in which amusement Charley and the other two ' young ladies ' joined, at his request, whilst Alice, who had observed the approach of Arthur, was longing to read in his looks that he remembered past occasions ; but, no, she might have been a lay figure for all the attention she received from him ; it was the very essence of his .manner — so grave and cold — that piqued he'r most. Although he had with hisj own hands X-laced a barrier between them, yet the thrill of joy she experienced in his presence was none the less strong. ' Ahy she thought, ' even if things had been otherwise, and I his wife, I suppose I should have forfeited all freedom, by being home-tied, whilst he, like most of his sex, would still enjoy his freedom at the clubs. 0 dear, thank goodness I am not married. 1 wonder though, had I been Arthur Knowles' betrothed wife, whether he would have left me so soon for this continental caprice — or study as he calls it. Arthur,' she observed aloud. He turned his face towards her. ' Yes.' ' I should like to live for ever in such a spot as this.' ' So long as the novelty should last,' he answered, after a j-ause. ' 0, you are thinking out some deep problem, I suppose, and are not inclined for speech.' ' I am very remiss, I know,' answered Arthur, ' pray pardon me. But I leave for England to-night, and I was thinking ? ' ' Leave for England ? ' 'Yes.' ' Rather a hasty resolution, is it not ? Do you return alone, or with the reading party ? ' ' Alone.' - ' es. ' Sir Laurence is well. I hope you have received no bad news.' ' I have received no news.' ' No news is good news.' ' Prox:-hetically bad, however,' answered Arthur. ' We are going to Grenada to-morrow, to the Alhambra. I had expected you would go with us, and put your study aside for one day— Christmas Day too— but how absurdly sad you look!' she added, smiling; 'I think I have a suspicion of the cause.' ' Indeed,' said Arthur, smiling, although the anxious light in his eyes ill-accorded with his assumed gaiety. ' Senorita ! ' exclaimed a gitana to Alice, who turned with ill-concealed annoyance, and bestowed upon the gipsy's smile a look of anger. 'Nay, don't look so stern on her,' laughed Arthur, believing Alice to have been startled into anger : ' she has been teaching Charley the bolero ; and, as I thought, seeks to tell your fortune. You will find her very importunate, I assure you.' The gitaua commenced a performance on a mandolin, which she handled skilfully, beating time to its lively air with the gaudy espargottes fastened to her feet. In a few Spanish exclamations Alice sought to dismiss her, but to no xmrpose, for tossing back the deep black tresses which fell about her shoulders, she entreated them more winningly ; and Arthur tendered her some coins, which kindness she accepted with a smile, aud Alice noticed with a sneer. ' Most noble senorita,' she exclaimed, 'He is indeed worthy of you.' ' You speak English ? ' observed Arthur, avoiding the remark. ' Yes, senor ; ' then turning to Alice, she inquired : ' May I take your hand ? I speak most true in j-rophecy.' 'Will you not humour her? ' observed Arthur, noting her reluctance. Alice drew off a lace mitten and stretched forth her hand. ' May I speak without reserve before the senor?' she inquired', after looking for a moment at the hand. ' Certainly,' answered Alice, blushing in sjiite of herself. ' An early and disastrous fate is yours.' (To be continued.) Paper Domes. — The Americans have cer tainly shown us the way in substituting paper for iron. We learn that the special feature of the new observatory at Columbia College, in New York, will be a paper dome. This will be the fourth paper dome in the United States, and in the world, for in no other country has paper been yet applied to such a purpose. The first paper dome made is at the Troy Polytechnic institute, the second at West Point, and the third at Beloit college. While that at West Point is the largest, that of Columbia college is the best in construction and arrangement. The method used in the manufacture of the paper is kept a secret, the makers using a patented x-rocess. — English paper. A curious case of suicide has taken place in Moscow. A young lady, well dressed, with long fashionable gloves, blew her brains out with a revolver, on the steps of the new Temple of the Saviour. Her name is unknown. 