SPORTING NEWS. The ' New Year's day meeting of the V.B.C. was very successful. , ,The attend ance was, perhaps,' not quite 'bo lanro as on oriner occasions, probably owing to the power* fill connternttractions elsewhere, and also to the . unsettled woither. . However, the racing was excellent, the finish for the great ^ event, ..the. Champion Stakes, boing. ono of the : beat ever Been1 at . Fleniingtoriy 'and -tlie -'time 'tho: ? fastest on record for this race. .Tho'Hurdle Kace was the first on the card, and proved a victory, for. Dhurringile, Uady Hauapdeti boing a good second and Cracksman, who led nearly 'till the way, third. Not a single mishap oe ' curre'd in this raco. Tlie Nbrmauhy Stakes '-. wore won by Archie, Warwick, the Sydney 'colt.being scoond, ah^ijSt; Lawrence third, the favorite Narina riotysho.wirig up well at, nil. . Tn the Yarrayilje .f Stakes^. Boolka was ? first,-' Solitude : second. Vanil Little .Jack third. Odd Trioki'V-wpn^-the Midsummer Handicap, Lesbia :ind Mistaken being second mid third. In the Champion, Stnkes, the favorite Commotion- won '?. on ' the post after, a . grand finish with Guesaworki who had led nearly^ tho wholo distance. Navigator only. obtained; third plaoei rortheThree-year- old^Handicapj Magnet ' proved successful, Anglesey U being second, and tho Plunger third. -'Bhe lastrace'; was the Criterion Stakes, which 'Ike won, with) Hopetoun second arid Wahgunyah third. . ' There was a large attendance at the Vic toria 'Amateur Turf Club's faces held at Caul field on ; Boxing -day. -The -weather was oxtremoly favorable for.ractng^ the .programme was a very liberal one in regard to tho number of events, tho fields for, J-each^r race were: numerous, and. the arrangements were gene-; rally ' perfect. For tho principal event, the ' Christmas Handicap', a most exciting finish took' place, resulting in a dead heat -between Colstoim and Baron Von. Mueller, the former proving victorious in the run off. Mr.E.Weeks's pair, Ghost and Kanaka, were first and second for the Selling KaCo. The Hurdle Bace fell: ?to IjtUly.'JIauipden and the Steeplechase to Bryan '6'L.ynn, both horses . being piloted by Corrigan. The Juvenile Stakes were' won by Duenna; arid .the Two- year-old Selling Kace by Amelia Victoria., The meeting concluded with 'the; Malyern Handicap, which was ap propriated .by Squireen, Transferred, the favoritey being second. ? . The : twenty-niuth intercolonial cricket match, played between selected teams from Victoria and New South Wales, was com menced on 23rtl Deofat the Melbourne cricket ground.. Blackharn was elected- to captain the Victorians'' and' Murdoch ^fulfille'd -.,a simi lar office for ''the -visitors,* The;'''chioice of innings fell* -.to the -,-lQt V:-6f:-iMhe Victorian team, T who. were, however,. all 'dis- posed of for 148 runs, tlieMargest score beingp made by Horan, who'seeured;33. ')The'NeW; South 'Wales team then 'went 'iny-and when; the stumps were drawn on the first day Ban-;, nunnan and-Murdoch had scored;'76 between;' them. Massio was caught off tho first ball.; On the second day, although in the first . part; of the game our cousins over the border ap-! peared to have matters pretty mucljutheir own ?way, the day's play closed with much better prospects for ^Victoria. The not put man, Murdoch and Bannerman, resumed their innings. Both men Increased their . scores materially, and 130 was totalled - . be fore Murdoch was caught at the: wickets, after making 71 in brilliant ,? style. . Ban-v nerman made 78 before he was run out; nnd after the departure of these two douphty batsmen several wickets fell without much of an addition to the score. Evans and Spofforth, however, came to the rescue, and added over, 50 ; so that, with a Binall contributi n frorir . Cleeve, the last man, the innings closed for 247, or 99 in advance of the Victorians. In 'their second innings the latter made a good . commencement, as 60 : runs were totalled be-; fore Blackham, who played .\vell'; fpr,27, lost '!h'b wicket, M'Donnell being 32 not out. The. attendance, during the day was large, and the weather' -all that could : be desired. ? On the third day the Victorians, who had six wickets of their second innings down for' 332, concluded it for 372, thusj.leaving New'' South WaleB 273 to gettowiri.'It was hoped this number was beyond their power, .but.iBanner man, Massie and Murdoch put a very, different aspect on the game. Massie made 51 before he was caught, and Bannerman and' Murdoch kept up.. their wickets for the rest of the day with 51 and 55 respectively, so that only one wicket luis fallen for 165, or 108 behind the Victorian aggregate. The local men bowled ?well throughout the day, but the fielding was loose at' times, and more than one chance of disposing of a batsman was missed. The attendance was fairly 'good, and the excellence' of the New ' South Wales batting was freely . .. acknowledged from, all partB. of the ground. On the fourth day, Murdooh increased his ; score to 07, when he-was caught by Boyle off Bruce's' bowling, and 'Davis added 15 to the score. Jones and Bannerman then became associated, nnd made the required number 'of runs without being separated— tho former being not out 25, and the latter not out 101, compiled during six hours' stay at the wickets. The New South Wales team : thus won the match by 1 run and 7 wiokets.' Of .the' 29 matches played Victoria has now won 10, and New South, Wales 13. The International oricket match between the Hon. Iyb Bligh's team and the Australian ' -.eleven, who recently visited England, was commenced on Saturday, the 30th December, on the Melbourne cricket ground in the pre sence of 14,000 spectators. Visitors from all .parts of Australia .witnessed tho play, which was commenced by the Australians compiling' tho excellent score of 258 for the loss of Boven wickets. His Excellency the Governor and suite were present, arid the match excited un precedentcd interest. The Englishmen fielded with great vigor throughout the day, but missed .a number: of. catuhea, which. proved. remark-: ably expensive. -The second day's ? play took : placo on New Year's day,; in tho [presence of the largest' attendance ever so'en on the Melbourne crioket ground, fully 20,000 people witness ing the play. - The rain on the preceding night and during the morning materially affected the' prospects of the English men, who-, in consequence, had to baton a vary bad wicket, ? and their total of -1.77i under the circumstances, is regarded as a good .performance. 'The Australian.-), who had lost seven. wickets for 258 runs, brought their total ; to 291, Bonnor increasing his score to 85. None of the remaining batsmen, however, vendereirV much / -assistance. . The 'Englishmen started badly, but, as usual with this: team, .the ; last three or four batsmen made a good- stand.' The. .highest . scorers were- Tylecote 33, Steel 27, Bates 28, Barnes .26, and Read.|19. In tho -second 'innings they -scored ::11 ; withont.'.ithe loss of .i^. wicket. jPalmerta'sploridid', bowling performance created immense enthusiasm,*, the popular, bowler -being only pronounced by Inn medical manfit to play on the 29th Dec. The match was concluded on Tuesday, 2nd: Jan.' The second innings of the Englishmen did riot roach the total of their first, amounting to only 169,. of which niiiriber Tvlecote coritri bited 33, Steel and Road 29 end), Barlow 23, C.T.Studd 21, and Bates 11; GHfen being the most successful bowler for' Australia. .The Australians, who had only to make 56 in their. Becond innings, accomplished their task after losing one wicket (Massie's), Murdoch i being 'riot out 33, nnd Banner/nan not out 25. The match was therefore won by nine wickets and '3 runs.*.* ' :. ' -'.' V : The return match between tho; English and Australian elevens was commenced on/the Melbourne ground on the '19th inst.- 'The Englishmen having won ''the toss went first to the wickets, and when the 'stumps' were drawn had put'together 248. runs for the loss of seven wickets. - Play wa3 resumed on Saturday, when the Englishmen were at length disposed of for a total of 294 runs. The Australians then yi'.ent in, and, owing maiiily. to the' splen- did bowling of ' Bates), were all disposed of for ,114 runs; ??'The Australians .being more than 80,' behind .had to follow. on, and when the Rtuinps were'drnwii for the day had scored 28 for the i'lbss of one wicket, viz., Murdoch's. He -was'b6wledt-by Bates after making 17. Banqerman and Blackhani are not out- With 5 'arid. 6 respectively., to ' theiricredit. : * The 'match was not concluded \vhen we went to press. 'SirjWilliam Clarke entortained the members of tlie English and 'Australian cricket teams at dinner^on 4th inst.', at Scott's Hotel. About eighty-gentlemen :were present, and the pro ceedings ; were characterised - by expressions of the utmost cordiality ? towards1 the English visitors. Both teams were, proposed in appre ciative terms, and the toasts. were suitably re sponded to '.by the respective-'captahn. The Hon. Ivo. Bligh, in. replying, remarked that the match was played before the fairest assem blage that: ever witnessed..- n cricket match, their ; applauBe being -vmpst 1 impartial all through. ? ;. ? '??;??'!'.-?..- - . . ? 