THE T'ULriTCAIj SITUATION. . (BAtLAitAT Courier.) The' game is started by the Conserva tives to bring about an -alliance ; between Mr "Berry and his highly praiseworthy and consistent supporters, and- the. discon tented among the Conservatives,so as to expel.the present! Ministry, from office. It is known.tliat ,'tliis would : secure "the defeat of the O'Loghlen Government, and thus enable the Conservatives arid their organs to get out of the muddlo they' are in, and go with a'more estimable' team to the country when the general olectiori takes place. But what would Mr Glad stone, if in Opposition, do in such a easel His^ career, for some- years past, gives. .a most , emphatic reply to this question. He would have nothing to dp with any such dealing, ,any such trick-1 ery, or any such political, blundering or foolery.-He would simply {say, "I will • remain faithful to my party, and have no hand or part in muddling and confusing; both.the.politicai situation and the elec tors," but let the latter go untrammelled^ to the ballot box, and adjust affairs: entirely to their own liking. ' I will .help the Liberals ; otl:ers can help the Conser vatives and thus we shall clearly .under-: stand what the, feeling of the country is when the result of the contest has been : publicly recorded." This is how..Mr Gladstone would act, if in Opposition, and lie had to face'such a political crisis as! will1 soon be upon us here. > - And this is how Mr Berry and his staunch friends should, act in ;; our case. They should" decline all. corinection with the Conservative class, and keep matters Ministerial as they are now, or for the very short time that will elapse before the general election comes off; or so sure as they do anything else, so sure will they only weaken theirown reputation and play into the hands of their venomous and un principled opponents. The latter would be a grand coup for the Conservatives to effect. ; But it would be a deadly blow at thc Eibefalieause!; and of all things this is the first' mistako to be • strenuously "avoided. ,"; - ; ' (Ballaeat Stab.) If the friends of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen aro tired of liim, as appears to be the case, we are quite sure that ho must be heartily tired of -.his friends. Ho has eaten any quantity of humble pie to keep them in good humor, he has put up with affronts which mnst have made liim writhe whilst he submitted, and he lias folT lowed advice which he must have seen to be bad, and which has ended in disas trous failure. They now turn upon him, and desire,to make him responsible for what they advised. With itheir usual ingratitude and characteristic meanness^ they tell him that he is not fit to be trusted with the business of the colony, quietly setting aside the well kuown fact that what lie did they sug gested, and that" the blunders which lie has made were of their concocting. . . j ... . . There must be a clean s'wcep. We must be rid alike of those who are inefficient and of those who wish to be a power behind, the throne, who claim to make the puppets dance, and whose shortsighted self-sufficiency is the ; chief cause of the failure now admitted, though visible enough to unbiassed eyes long ago, and tho direct ruin of those who hated while they obeyed, and despised whilst j they cringed. The change being agreed upon oil all sides, the question is how shall it bo brought about!. With the Ministry ' must go Mr Francis and such following as ho may have, for they must share the fate of the men whose policy they dictated, so that wo shall have no old Conserva tive party to fall back upon. The party was dead before, and is buried now. Its ghost will not gibber to the House, nor its memory haunt the minds of oven those who once swore by its honesty and | capacity. The old Liberal party . is gone too, and went offlike the snuff of a candle. Mr Beiry's old combination troupe of political acrobats and india rubber brothers cannot be got together again,: and would not be tolerated if it could. Tho two old parties ! perish together, and one epitaph will I serve tliem both. There must" perforce I be a new development, but whether it j will be before or after a general election remains to be seen. Our belief is, that the sooner there is an election the better, for the only chance of the work of the country beiug done lies in a clean sweep being made of the old parties, the old quarrels, the old tactics, and the old want of morals. Thepeople have been diligently taught that principle: is nothing and management everything. They must now learn that management is nothing and principle everything. , Tho Mount Alexander Mail writes of the political situation as follows:—" With all Mr Berry's shortcomings, his opponents must admit that he was successful in main taining the fiuaneial reputation of the coun try, as the present head of the Government has been the reverse. And we are now beginning.to experience in a most unpleasant shape one of the consequences of tho tacit understanding between him and his Conser vative upholders that ho was to bo retained in office as long as it suited them, at any sacrifice of principle and consistency. The ex pediency of :at once placing tho loan on the market was pointed out to Sir Bryan alike by his nominal friends and his opponents at least six months ago, and yet, although the former felt that ho was endangering the sale of our debentures at a fair price, they did not exert the compulsory power they possessed. They had but to insist upon his taking the step which they knew to be wise, on paiD of deserting him, 'to have ensured the bonds of the colony being sold at a most favorable period, but they preferred keeping the leader of the Opposition out in the cold to the interests of the colony. : Hence Mr Francis and his Conservative following must beheld responsible for all the errors of the: Administration, including the last and most serious of all." 