WILLIAMSTOWN SAGES. The Easter meeting o£ our local club took place at the Lavcrton racecourse ott Easter Monday. A special train left South IVil linmstown about noon for the course, stopping at North 'Williamstown and Nee-port to pick up the fair sprinkling that patronised this mode of spending their holiday. There was also a train from Melbourne, which stopped to take up and set down passengers at Foots cray. The advertised departure from the usual state of things in reference to the transportation of the passenger traffic to the course, in the shape of the newly-extended branch siding taking excursionists within a few yards of their destination was not an accomplished fact, and caused some grumbling. Ladies were therefore not only obliged to walk nearly a mile without shelter, ns at most times in a blazing sun, but as it happened on Monday in the dripping rain ; or submit to the exorbitant demands of the cabbies, who invariably charge one shilling for that distance. Arrived at the course, which by the way looked like a green carpet, by the time the first race was run some 1200 persons had assembled. The day was sultry and Hosts Scudds and Goble, in the stand and flat booths, were kept going constantly in supplying ajeontinuous demand for beverages As is a usual characteristic with a Williams town massing little or no drunkenness was observable. Mr Scudds had taken measures to have a greater supply of eatables in his larder than on the last occasion, and there was the consequent noticable absence of disappointed faces. Mr H. P. Sutton, the secretary, who, by the way, acted as starter during a portion of the afternoon, and the stewards were assiduous in their exertions to make things geo without hitching. The usual habitues of the racecourse, in the shape of 11 sweat," “ under and over,” and “ tng " men, were busily engaged in plying their trade, but it is to be doubted if they reaped a very considerable harvest. A number of metallicians were also present, but failed to “ score" rapidly. The weather during the first part of the day was fine, hut shortly after two o’clock heavy black clouds appeared in the west, which gave sign of sure and certain approach of rain, and which towards three sprinkled their’ contents i.i merry tnne on the holiday clad assembled, who made at once for what shelter was available. The majority of the metropolitan visitors were conveyed to the course by the specials previously noticed. There was a considerable amount of dissatisfaction ex pressed on the return journey .owing to the trains being overdue, they having been timed to start at twenty minutes to six. No doubt this was intensified by the fact tlia1 hundreds were kept waiting on the un sheltered siding, in the pelting rain, for fully half an hour—-not a treat by any means. The first rase on the card was the Handicap Hurdle Race, for which four contestants put in an appearance. The bettip- was even against Eros, but unluckily \fhen he was apparently alt over a : winner he fell, and Yarree coming away heat Storm bird ridicu lously, Merry Maid third. Fourteen weie numbered on the card.for the Altona Handi cap, but only four" accepted,j namely, The Ghost, Honora, Haidee of the Hills, and Stationer.- The starter had* considerable difficulty with this field owing to an unduo desire on' the part of one or twp of the horses to get away. At last,rafter fully half an hour had .been wasted, the c uartotte were despatched, Mr- WhUtingham's jhorse leading, with The Ghost last.. The! 11 quadruped vision” did not long remain, however, in that position, but as. the straight was be'ug approached began to go up, a'nd being well ridden heal Honora on the post by a short half held. After luncheon had been dis enss-’d the Telegraph Stakes, of half a mile, brought out four horses, 7 to 4 being laid on Doctor, who justified the confidence reposed in him by winning by a length from Queen Elizabeth, who was second. Doctor was put up and bought in for fifty-six guineas. The Galloway Slakes canu next, and was run in the rain. Prattle, who was made first favorite, won easily by two lengths from Village Lass, with Flying Bee third. Six faced the starter for the Steeplechase, in which Premier at 7 to 4 carried the most of the public money. Hector led over the first fence, but nearly fell owing to the slippery state of the ground. He, however, recovered himself in a most remarkable way, but lost bis chance by subsequently running round. In the second portion of the journey the rest were pretty well together. Soon after, and just before the home turn was reached, the favorite began to crawl to the front, and soon led, eventually winning by over a length from Breechloader, who was second The last race of the day was the Seaford Handicap, and for the third time a horse belonging to Mr J. Patterson appropriated the “ jellow boys.” This time Black Diunond carried the victoiious colors, but it is almost a certainty that had the distance been a little further D.mgilston would have robbed him of the premiership. Below will be found the Mbulitcd statement of the results:— HUEDLE RACE, Of 50 sovs. Two miles. Mr G. Cripp’s br m Yarree, 5 yrs, 9st 71b (Howett) . ... 1 Mr R. Batty’s b g Stormbird, aged, 9st (Wall) .2 Mr M. Jacob’s eh m Merry Maid, 5 yrs, 103t (Hunt) .3 Mr H. Yecnd's cli g Eros, aged, list. 41b. (Kitduff) ... 0 Betting—Even against Eros; 3 to 1 agst Stormbird and Merry Maid ; 4 to 1 agst ALTONA HANDICAP, Of 50 sovs. Five furlongs. Mr T. Jones’s ch or rn h The Ghost, 5 yrs, 9st (Kilby) .. .. 1 Air J. Whittingbam’s br f Honora, 2 yrs, fst 41b (Bacchus) ... . 2 Hon. L. L. Smith’s b m Haidee of the Hills, 5 yrs, Sst 31b (Riley) . 3 Mr W. Langley's br h Stationer, 4 yrs Sst 4lb (Kelly) ... .0 Betting—Even agst Haidee of the Hills, 5 to 2 agst Honors, 3 to 1 against Stationer, 4 to 1 agst The Ghost. TELEGRAPH STAKES, Of 50 sovs. Half a mile. Weight for age. Winner to be sold for £50. Selling allowances, 71b for every £10 reduction in Mr J. A. Lang’s br h Doctor, 4 yrs (£20) 7st 71b (Walker).1 Mr T. Jones’s bl or br f Queen Elizabeth, yrs (£20) 6st 121b (Kilby) ... ... 2 Mr S. Miller’s ch g Kanoota, 2 yrs (nil) 4st 91b, carried 4st 131b (Tuomy) ... 3 Mr A. Dowling ns b c Plato 2 yrs (nil) 4st 91b, carried 5st 61b (Barr). 0 Betting—7 to 4 on Doctor, 5 to 2 agst Kanoota, 5 to 1 agst the others. GALLOWAY STAKES, Handicap of 25 sovs. Five furlongs. For galloways three years old and upwards. 14 hands 2in. and under (to be measured before starting). Mr J. Dallaway ns b m Prattle, 4 yrs, 8st 41b (Hunt) .1 Mr J. Cripps’s b m Village Lass, 5 yrs, 7st 101b (Walker). . 2 Mr S. Moone ns b m Flying Bee, 5 yrs, 8st 21b (Burton).3 Betting—5 to 2 on Prattle. STEEPLECHASE, Of 50 sovs. Two miles. Mr T Coffey’s ch h Premier, 6 yrs, lOst 71b (Hunt) . ... .. 1 Mr R. Howie’s b g Breechloader, aged, 9st 21b (Keating). ... 2 Mr A. F. Bradshaw’s b g Ascot 6 yrs, 10st (Chalker). " Mr G. Glascock’s br g Governor, 4 yrs, 9st 71b (Kildufi). ... ... 0 Mr J. W. Clarke’s br g Cruiser, aged, 9st 41b (M-DonalU) . ... ... ..; 0 Mr G. Glasscock’s g g Hector, aged, lOst (Howett).0 Betting—7 to 4 agst Premier, 5 to 2 agst Breechloader, 4 and 5 to 1 agst the others. SEAFORD HANDICAP Of 75 sovs. One and a quarter miles. Mr J. Paterson’s bl g Black Diamond 6 yrs, 7st (Dobson) .1 Hon. L. L. Smith’s b h Dongalston, 5 yrs, 7st 71b (Burton).2 Mr J. Whittiugham’s br f L’Africane, 3 yrs 6st 41b (Bacchus) .1. ... ••• '3 Mr S. G. Calvert's b m Linda, 4 yrs, 7st 121b (Bell).0 Mr H. Yeend’sbrh Balthazar, 6 yrs, 7st71b (Walker).0 Mr Evans’s br h Lapstone, 4 yra, 6st 101b (Moran). 0 Mr H. Haines’s b m Lucinda, aged, Gst (Swallow). 0 Betting—5 to 2 agst Blaek Diamond, 3 to I agst Dougalston, 4 to 1 agst Balthazar, 5 to 1 agst L'Africaine. 