ME. TEMPANT'S TEMPTATION'. (From Trutft) Mb. Podxobe TEaouyY felt very much, dis gusted when thefatrwidow who bad consented to fthtre his name banded him a valuable bracelet in order that he might get a missing' stone replaced. He was an elderly bachelor of miserly proclivities, and did not barf relish tbe commission, though he could not very well refuse. It had been the aim of bis life to marry a wife with a fortune, and as Mrs. Bramwell Jay possessed this desirable qualification, he was naturally anxious to avoid offending her. He therefore reluctantly took tbe bracelet to Mr. Bevis, the jeweller in SackviUe-street, bat finding the cost of replacing the raiEsing stone woald be considerable, he con id not samni on op courage to give tbe order. He locked the bracelet op at his lodgings, and fretted a good deal about the unnecessary expense the widow had put to him. By degrees, however, he became calmer, for it happeoed that Mrs. BntmveU Jar ommitted to make any inquiry about her property. As time slipped by he began to hope that the lady had actually forgotten all about it — which, indeed, seemed to be the case. Naturally Mr. Tempany did not fed called upon to refresh her znsmory, and thos it came Aboat *'£-»+. the bracelet remained in his possession until the date fixed for the wedding was close at hand. Just at this raconrenieut time a friend of Mr. Tempuy's — to whom he was under obligations in the way of business — must needs get married, and Mr. Tempany felt compelled to give him a wedding present. He resented this disagreeable necessity very much, because he bad Buffered * great deal of uneasiness of late owing to tbe increase in his expenditure incident to bis engagement. He was alao, at the moment, particularly depressed by the prospect of having to pay for a honeymoon trip to the Italian Ukec, not to mention such comparatively trifling items ae an outfit for himself and promiscuous gratuities to everyone on hie wedding day. Even tbe consoling reflection that, once married, his wife's income would be amply sufficient for both failed to soothe him, and in tbiE unhappy frame of mind he suddenly recollected Mrs. Jay's bracelet. Since he absolutely most give a wedding present to his friend BoUivaat, -why should he not make use of hie bracelet ? Lfc was a great temptation, for the ornament had lain in his draw several weeks, and Mrs, Bramwell Jay had apparently forgotten it If sue should happen to ask for it before their manage, be conld invent some plausible excuse to account for tbe delay in returning it. Wfeen they are married, he conld pretend be bad lost ir, or that it had been stolen, and if driven into a corner be could replace it by an inferior article. As a matter of fact, however Mr. Tempany did not pause to reflect upoc renute con tingencies, for he felt so inexpressibly re leived at the prospect of avoiding further ex pense at the moment, that he yielded blindly to an overpowering temptation. As to the morality suppose that he vaguely imagined he had some sort of legal property in tbe bracelet, in anticipation of his rights as a husband. However this may be, Mr. Tempany des facthed the bracelet to bis friend's wife with a neatly-worded letter of congratula tion and good wishes. The fact of one of the stones being missing was a little awkward, because it showed that the bracelet was not new. Bat Mr. Tempany flattered himself that he had got over this difficulty very adroitly by remarking that the bracelet had been a cherished heirloom in his family for years, and that he would never have parted with it to any one but to tbe wife of his dear and esteemed friend Bullivant. By return of post he received a hearty letter of thanks from that lady, and also from his friend, and Mr. Tempany experienced a thrill of virtqoos satisfaction at having for once in his life gained credit for generosity. Of course, be did not mention his little episode to Mrs. Bramwell Jay, and he mentally resolved n«ver to introduce BaUivaat to her. Bat a few days afterwards he was considerably startled by the widow saying : — *By-the-by, Podnjore, a friend of mine writes that ehc had each a nice letter from you. Amy Mirkham and I were old school fellows. You never told me you knew her.' ' I never heard the name.' sa'd Mr. Tempany, uneasily. * How etnpid of me * That was her maiden name, of course,' exclaimed Mrs, Bramwell jplay,takin£ a letter from her desk. * It appears she has recently been married. Her husband is Mr.- -Mr.— such a queer name, and I can't read her signature ! But he is a friend of yows.' 'Not Bollivant ! 'said Mr. Tempany, with a start * Yea, She writes that her hnsband is an old friend of yours, and that you sent her a * beantifnl bracelet. How good of you. Podmore ! You never gave roe a beautiful bracelet,' added the widow, reproachfully. 1 Amy says she will be passing through tbe town to-morrow, and will main a point of calling to snow me the bracelet,' continued Mrs. Bramwell Jay, innocently. ' She says it is extremely handsome, and she wants to read me your kind letter. Are you ill, Padmore '.' 'No, no. It ib the heat of tbe fire.' grasped Mr. Tempany, wiping his forehead. * I wanted yon to come somewhere with me to- morrow, Tbeodosia for the whole day. I mean. I haven't been, to the — the Crystal Palace for years, or to Greenwich Park. Will yon come to Greenwich Park, Theodosia V he added, desperately. * What horridly vulgar places ! How absurd you are, Podmore lr exclaimed the widow, looking at him rather curiously ?' * Besides, I want to uee Amy when she calls. I shall certainly stay in for her to-morrow.' 'I shouldn't if I were you,' said Mr. Tempany, earnestly. 'Very considerate o( her, I call it, to swoop down upon you like this.' ' I don't think so,' returned Mrs. Bramwell Jay. ' I want particularly to see the bracelet you sent her. Will you come and meet her, Podmore V * No, no, thank you. Certainly not,1 replied the unhappy man, hastily seizing bis hat, ' I mean that I shall be busy all to-morrow ? par- ticularly busy. Another time I shall be delighted.' * I BQppose you and Amy have never met ?' remarked the widow, with a suspicious glance. * Never ! Xo, never 1 I assure you,' an swered Mr. Tempany, and being anxious to avoid further questions^ he beat a hasty re* treat. His slate of agitation and nervous apprehension may be easily imagined, for it seemed inevitable that the deception he had practised would be exposed. The widow could cot £afl to recognise her own bracelet, and would, of course, call upon him for an explanation. The situation was embarrassing, to say the least, and might lead to awkward consequences. Mrs. Bramwell Jay, in in her natural disgust and indignation, would in all probablity break off tbe engagement on the spot, and the story would be known all over London. Mr. Tempany got no sleep that eight, and. became more and mare uneasy every moment. It suddenly occurred to him, in the midat of the mental perturbation, that he had committed an. act of felony punishable by law. It was an awful reflection, and caused Mr. Tempany to break into a cold perspiration. The disagreeable contingency— however remote of finding himself in the dock, had the effect of spurring his imaginative and inventive powers, so that, inspired by sheer desperation, be at length concocted a story which he boped might serve his purpose. Tbe consequence was that when, in course of the next day, he received a peremptory note from the widow, requesting him to call upon her immediately, he was able to keep the appointment with an outward appearance of * if r. Tempany, this is most extraordinary, * said Mrs. Bramwell Jay, after a very cold and I find that the bracelet you presented to her is mine ! I gave it to yon to take to the jewellers,' ' Nonsense !' exclaimed Mr. Tempany, with a well-feigned start of surprise. * It is im possible I' * Impossible I Why, here it is !' said the widow, producing tbe ornament. ' There can be no mistake about it. I will swear to it. Of coarse Amy returned it to me, anil I have lost oo time in asking you for an explanation, ' * What an. odd circumstance — quite ludicrous ; I must speak to Bevis. He evidently gave me back your bracelet in mistake for tbe one I bad bought,1 said Mr. Tempany, speaking quickly and nervously. ' Who is Bevis?' inquired Mrs. Bramwell Jay. * Did yon mean the jeweller in Sackville street?' * Yes. I never opened the case after he handed it to me across the counter, but sent j it direct to Mrs. BuUivant,' explained Mr. Tempany, gaining confidence. * I recollect it w*a the same day that I left your bracelet to ! be repaired. It is clear how the mistake ; arose.' ' v Still, it seems extraordinary '' repeated the I widow, evidently only half convinced. ' The f jeweller most be a very careless man, and deserves a good scolding. Suppose we go at , once and ask h-m what be means by it ? The ' carriage is at the door, and I am dressed tor my drive, as you see. i * Pray don't trouble, Theodosia. I — I really ! think you had better stay at home on a cold ; day like thie,1 cried Mr. Tempany, with fearful eagerness. c I will call on Bevis at ' once — this instant — but there is no occasion j for you to go.' ' Oh ! I should like to go, and shall enjoy tbe nan's confusion, ' returned the lady, rather sharply. ' Besides, I am curious to see the bracelet you have chosen for dear Amy. ' I Mr. Tempany was so utterly taken aback , by this sudden and unexpected whim of Mrs. Bramwell Jay'e that he could not find another word to aay. He followed the lady meekly to her carriage and took his Beat beside her, feeling like a criminol being led to execution. This ill timed visit to the jeweller's most be j felt, inevitably complete hia discomfiture, for j Mr. Bevu would naturally deny all knowledge of the bracelet. It really seemed as though the only course opened to him was to confess everything on tbe spot, to avoid ' needless exposure and disgrace. But Mr. . Tempany could not bring himself to acknow ledge his deceit unless he was absolutely ' obliged, and during the drive he resolved as a ' last chance to hurry into the shop alone, ou pretence of inquiring if Mr. Bevia were within ? and take the opportunity to whisper a word of warning in his ear. No doubt the jewller was open to a bribe and would mabe no difficulty about screening bun. In his desperate etate Mr. Tempftny took heart at this idea, and even contrived to converse with the widow with apparent equanimity. But alas ! his little scheme was frustrated by tbe acddentalcircumatanceof the coachman taking a wrong turning, so that wben the carriage stopped the side on which tbe widow was seated was nearest to the pavement. The footman, too, was unfortunately a very smart youth, and descended from the box with such alacrity that tbe carriage door was open before Mr. Tempany bad recovered bis surprise at having reached the jeweller's. The conse quence was that the widow abghted first and stepped into the shop, while Mr, Tempany feeling that the Pates were against him, and that he was pursued by a relentless Nemesis, followed after ber in a state of despair. ' Mr. Bevia. how came yon to make such an extraordinary mistake ? You are Mr. Bevis, I ' presume ?' said the widow, approaching the ! * Yes, madam,' said the jeweller, quietly. [ * Will yon be seated ? What mistake V I Mrs. Bramwell Jay explained with fatal pre- ' cisi'on, while Mr. Tempany stood by, bursting with desperate eagerness to pat in a warning word. By sheer force of will and mesmeric influence he succeeded in catching Mr. Bevis1 eye daring tbe recital. Now Mr. Beris the jeweller, was a shrewd little man, and a | glance at the agonised expression on Mr. ! Tempany's eager and bloodless face sufficed to pnt him on tbe alert. He knew the unhappy gentlemen by sight and also by reputation, and though their transactions had been extremely limited in extent, he had pretty well fathomed his character. Be therefore guessed at once how the land lay, and what was required of him and though he made no sign, a ghost of a smile fickered for an instant widow had finished and awaited his reply. * I am extremely sorry, madam,' he answered, with calm deliberation. 'It— it was very careless,1 Mr. Tempany was emboldened to say, though his heart was beating fiercely. ' Very,' said the widow, emphatically, manifestly taken aback- ' I cannot imagine how yon could have done such a thing. ' ' Mistakes will sometimes happen in the best regulated establishments.' said Mr. Bevis, with humility, while Mr. Tempany felt a strong desire to evince his gratitode by falling on his neck, * Where is the bracelet this gentlemen par chased, then V inquired the widow, BtiU in an incredulous tone. revived, but Mr. Bevis was quite equal to tbe emergency. Without a moment's hesitation he tamed around and prodqeed from a drawer behind a case, which he laid upon the counter Mr. Tempany was bo overwhelmed with a blessed feeling of relief that he felt no curiosity aa to tbe contents of the case. His J attention was attracted to it by a startled exclamation from Mrs. Bramwell Jay : — *Oh I Podmore, What a splendid bracelet '. Wny, it is a blaze of diamonds V she cried, clasping her hands. ' Eh !' exclaimed Mr. Tempany, hastily but ting on bis glasses with a startle hair. * What Good heavens ! That isat the bracelet that I — chose/ be added, seeing at a glance that it must be worth several hundred pounds. ' Yes, it is, sir, * returned Mr. Bevis, in a very quite decisive tone. * No. I — I think, not, at least,1 grasped Mr. Tempany, bat observing the shrewd look oa Mr. Bevis'6 face, which said as plainly as possible that the bracelet waa the price of the service he had rendered, Mr. Tempany sub sided into a frightened and uneasy silence, 'Oh ! Podmore. Thie is really too good for Amy. Much more than is necessary, Fm sure,' said the widow, who had beexi gazing, enraptured, at the ornament. * Yes, Theodosia, bo I think !' acquiesced Mr. Tempany, eageriy. *Itistooricb. I'm sure she wonld like something quite plain better. A. gold band or a single spangle would be much more suitable. I think I will change it.' ' No, Podmore, I have an idea. Amy was delighted with my bracelet, and she Bhaif have it. I will Leep this oDe instead of my own as a present from you, ' said the widow in a tone of decision. ' It will be first really hand some present you have given me you know/ * I'm sare you doa't want it, Theodosia,' said MrTempaay with a sort of groan. * It — ' You* thiDk not ? Look, Mr. BeVis. What J do you Bay ?* exclaimed the widow, clasping i the bracelet on bei shapely arm. ' Excellent ' cried Mx. Bevis, in a tone of ! emphatic admiration, for which Mr. Tempany I bated him ofl the spot, ' nothing coald look J handsomer.' , 'Very well. Then that is settled,' said llrs. BradTs-ell Jay, pleasantly. ' I am sure Amy will be glad to get my bracelet back ? again.' ' Yoa will have the stone replaced; of course, sir?' said Mr. Bevis, in a business-like j tone as he took up the discarded ornament. ' *Oh ! certainly interposed the widow, be fore Mr. Tempany could falter a remark. * In fact, I think the setting should be renewed ' altogether. It is too old- fashioned.' 1 1 will make a good job of it,' replied Mr. Bevia, putting the case on one side. 'Good | day* madam. Good day to yon, air, ' | Mr. Tempaay went ont of the shop without uttering another word, being quite speechless with mingled emotion. His horror at the probable amount of the jeweller's bill was only equalled by the maddening feeling of helpless ness which kept dim from remonstrating. So far from experienced satisfaction at his escape, he was now inclined to think that it had cost ' him too deaj', and his sentiments Cowards Mr. - Bevis had changed to deep resentment. He , had excused himself from accompanying the ; widow for the remainder of her drive, feeling { that he must be alone to brood over his crash- j iog misfortunes. The lady seemed neither i surprised nor hut at this sodden desertion, j Mr. Tempany bad an ancamfortable sue picion that she rather enjoyed his discomfiture j She was charmingly affable, however and o^e**- ! whelmed him with expressions of gratitnde for hi* baudsome present when he showed her I into her carriage. ? By -the by, Podmore, dear,' she exclaimed putting her head out of the window as te | drove off, ' what coald hare induced yon to say in your letter to Amy that this lovely bracelet was an heirloom in your family ?' This significant speech riukled a good deal in Mr. Tempany 's mind when she had sufficiently recovered from hie state of horrified bemidermeot to think it over. It really sounded as if the widow supected ehc bad been imposed upon, tboughh she bad soft scrupled to turn the circumstance to account. It may b&ve; been owing to a guilty concience, but Mr. Tempany certainly fancied that from that day forward the xridovr began to manifest decided coolness towards him. So apparent did this become to him. that if be had had any self -respect he would have terminated the engagement. However, as Mr. Tenpany regarded his marriage, as we know, iroui a very material point of view, he was not in clined to easily affranted. At the last moment, however, an unexpecned obstacle occa red. The mdows solicitor in tervended with pome verr nastv suggestions about a marriage settlement. This did not rait Mr. Tynan's views at all, and being no able to come to terms vnth tlie lawyer, he appealed somewhat indifrnantip to the lady herself. Mrs. BradweU Jar refused to inter fere, saying that %he was entirely in tbe hi'»rtff of her legal adviser, and the uvshot was that finding the widow's fortune was so strictly tied up th^at he might be reduced to the unpleasant necessity of supporting his house hold vritth his ovn money, ilr. Tempany resolved to remain a bachelor until a more favourable opportunity offered. Of coarse, this was s dreadful blow to him. It aged him considerably, for when he came to add up what bis engagement had cost him one way and another in actual £. s. d., he was faitly horrified at tbe amount. Mr. Bevis'e account brought tear to his eyes, and reduced him to a state of incipient imbecility for days. He had to pay it, however, not did he get a farthing disconnt But it was at least a faint consolation to think that he would recover something out of the fire. The btacelet would fetch a good round snm, even ot second hand, and this reflection buoyed him up a little so long as he was permitted to indulge in it Bat alas 1 Even this small solace was denied him, for in acknowledatng a small parcel containing the presents she had made him, the widow wrote as follows : — Deap Mr. Tqipaxv, — Thanka for your sad, sad letter, and enclosures. 1 do not like to think of what might have been bat for those dreadful lawyers ! I return all tbe dear gifts you gave me except one, which X am sure yon will allow me to keep and wear as a souvenir. The bracelet— your last gift— I cannot bring myself to part with and I promise to keep it always— always ! — Sour friend and well- wisher, Theodosia Bk^mwell Jay. 