NEWS IN BRIEF. At tho half-yearly meeting of tho Commer cial Bank a dividend al tho rate of 8 per cent, per annum was declared. The total amount of Customs received during January have considerably exceeded the average, amounting to fGO.OOO. Mr. Pemberlon, tho loto secretary of the Echuca Shiro Council, in whose accounts a largo deficicncy was recently discovered, was arrested to«doy on warrant ut Warmambool. 'An Adelaide Clerical Fund Society lias bcieu established, to provide for priests ren dered uufit for the discharge of missionary duty. The Hon. James Nl'Bain, who is about to visit England, was entertained last night at Australian Club. About 100 members were | piresent, and a very cordial feeling was ex- | pressed. I i ! Professor Boulger, of tho Queen's College, 1 Cork, baa accepted the chair of Hughes' Pro-, fessor of English Language and Literature and Mental and Moral Philosophy, at tho University of Adelaide. < Mr. J. E. Redmond and bis brother arc expected to laud from tho Siam at Gienelg. Preparations have been made by the mem bers of the Local Land League to give them a reception. I Pitch, a butcher, residing at Norwood, South ' Australia, swallowed a quantity of corrosivo sublimate in mistake for square gin. Ho was token to the hospital, where ho now lies dangerously ill. 1 The Mayor of Melbourne entcrtnincd Sir 0?homas and Lndy M'lhvraith, Sir James and L'idy M'Cullocb, aud Sir Julius aud Lady Vogcl at the Town Hall ou Friday, ^cvcral lady citizens were also present. ! At Gympie, Nicholl's lease crushed 1G8 tonB of slono for 40Soz. of gold. Tho Mount Pleasant Company haw? struck a splendid stratum of black slato at a depth of 357 feet. Tho Amelia Company have declared a dividend of 3d. j In reference to the complaint which was recently made, to the effect that tho English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank at Port Darwin had charged 2£ per cent, interest for giving gold for notes, it appears that other panks there havo been in the habit of charging pd. in the £. i A railway accident occurred beyond Roma on Monday. A ballast train ran into some cattle on the line. Five trucks which were in front of Lbe engine were thrown off the rails and smashed. A navvy, named Michael {Lyons, had his leg so sevorely crushed that amputation was rendered neccssary. i A cable message was received on Friday to the effect that tho hurdle racer Jack, wsll known throughout the colonics, and which ,was lately taken to India by Mr. Wilson, thu circub proprietor, has just beaten the Indian horse Palmerstou. - Tho lattcr vas considered to be the best hurdle racer in India. Two men named Wright and Peters were horse-hunting on Charcoal: Creek,-near Rich mond Downs, a few days since, when a terrific storm buret over thorn. Peters was struck dead by lightning, and Wright was also struck and rendored insonsible for seven hours. The horses on which the men wero riding were both killed. Tho Surveyor-Goneral of South Australia has arrived at Mount Gambier. Ho intends proposing to the Government tho carrying out of an experiment in the Millicont district to test the feasibility of opening artesian wells there. He considers that the springs in (hat district could be made available ou the artesian ' principle for irrigation and other purposes. • At a meeting of the Creswick Relief Fund on Friday it was announced that the subscrip tions to hand amounted to £18,000, but that the scheme which had been submitted by the committco for the distribution of the money ! would require £24,000. The payments and scale allowances to tho families of the victims' of the accident were adopted with slight modi* fications. The Legislative Assembly will bo asked to make a substantial grant in aid of the fund. Mr. Bent has promised to find light employment in the Railway Department for tho five survivors. Tub startling augmentation of cases of kidney diseases recently dcveloyed, ring out a tocsin of alarm to all who have oven slightly suffered with there insidious complaints. This, signal should be heeded, and' precautions'! taken against their attack, by a speedy resort : to purely diurotio and tonic romcdies. 1 OF■! these, none aro so effective, so safe, so certain,, so generally reliable, as Udolpho Wolfe's Schtedam Aromatic Schnapps.—Advt. Tub dignity of human hair (snys the Pall Mall Gazette) —the pride of women , as the advertisements: tell us—seems to have received a rude blow at. Bir mingham. A German named Lotze was sentenced there to six months' imprisooment for stealing 8?lb. of Swedish humnu hair from his employer, valued at £400, or about £5 a pound. It appeared that Lotze sold this preci ous artiole at the sarno price as ordinary horsehair' and disposed of £200 worth of the choicest specimens for the ignominious Bum of £15 "on credit." Several hairdressers were ihcrimiuated by the revelations of the delinquent Lotze. It is to be hoped, however, that they will not in turn denonnce the ladies who are now wearing' this £200 worth of the choicest specimens, or the consequences may be disastrous in tho extreme to these ladies. It is well known that no one can retain stolon goods even though he or she rnuy have paid for them, and if a certain number' of Birmingham ladies are proved to be wearing these borrowed, or rather stolen, plumes they will pro bably have to immediately divest them selves of them. A very circumstantial ghost story is disturbing the mind of New York. The editor of the New York World vouohes for the good faith of his infor mant—a professional man of high re pnte. The house in which the matii. testations occur ib a new one, and is let out in flats. The following are a few occurrences as told by an eye-witness who went sceptical, but soon found that something more than ordinary was up. First of all, there was much kuookiug at the front door. It waB watched, open and closed, before and behind, but the knocking still enme, always in four BtrokeB, sounding like blows strnok with billets of wood. Then came bell-ringings in all partB of the house. Tappings were heard on the windows; the coats of tho boarders fell down from the hat-rack, each fal ling a yard apart. The plush cover of a round table standing in the hall gracefully floated on to the floor. A clothes.prop was burled over the top of a portiere ; the walking-sticks stand ing in the hall were flung up in differ ent directions, and before the scared residents had recovered, a leaf from an oak dining-table wa9 hurled through the hall for 20 feet, striking the wall and coming to the ground with a fear ful orasb. Another table took a series of somersaults. Such violent goings on bad snoh a bad effect upon some of the family that they began to think of rotiring, wheu a frightful shriek eohoed throughout the whole dwelling, pierc ing, and evidently coining from no human throat, followed by " soft insinu ating" whistles. In the eveuing " it" tried a few notes in arpeggio, and wae successful in keeping timo and tune with tho piano. The tune of tho whistle waB sometimes that of a fog-horn ; at other times sounding like tho " blow ing in the neck of a bottle." A" this is said to bo a "plain, truth fa I state ment of facts," substantiated by flve witnesses. Bevies of policemen have searched in vaiu, and a curious English delectivo has boou bafflod. 