PHANTOM FORTUNE. By MISS EBADDON, Author of 'Lady Audley's Secret,' 'T*keu at tho Flood,' 'A Strange World,' 'Dead Men's SboeB,' 'Weavers and Weft,' ' Just As I Am,' &&, &c.; fFubliiihed by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved. ] THE NARRATIVE. Chapter XIL— 'Her Face Resigned to Bliss or Bale.' Lady Mary and the Fraulem had_ been sit ting in the drawing-room all this time wait ing for Lady Maulevrier to come into tea. They heard her come in from the garden ; and then the footman told them that she was in the library with a stranger. Not even the muffled sonnd of voices nenetrated the heavy velvet curtain and the thick oak door. It was onlv by the loud ringing of the bell and the sound of footsteps in the hall that Lidy Mary knew of the guest's departure. She went to the door between the two rooms, and was surprised to find it bolted. ' Grandmamma, won't you come to tea ?'3 .she asked timidly, knocking on the oaken panel, but there was no reply. She knocked again, and louder. Still no reply. ' Perhaps her ladyship is going to take tea in her own room,' she said, afraid to be officious. Attendance upon her grandmother at after noon tea bad been one of Lesbia's particular duties ; bat Mary felt that she was an unwel come substitute for Lesbia. She wanted to get a little nearer her grandmother's heart if bbe could, but she knew that her attentions were endured rather than liked. She went into the hall, where the footman on duty waa^ staring at the light snowflakes dancing past the window, perhaps wishing he were a snowflake himself, and enjoying him self in tbat white whirligig. ' Is her ladyship having tea in the morning room ?' asked Mary. The footman gave a little start, as^if awakened out of a kind of trance. The sheer vacuity of his mind might naturally slide into mesmeric sleep. Be told Lady Mary tbat her ladyship had not left the library, and Mary went in timidly, yronderivg why her grandmother had not joined them in the drawing-room when the stranger was gone. The sky was dark outside the wide windows, white hills and valleys Bhroudedin the shades of night. The library was only lighted by the red glow*of the logs on the hearth, and in that ruddy light the spacious room looked empty. Mary, was (turning to go away, thinking the footman had been mistaken, when her eye suddenly lighted upon a daik-fignre lying on the ground. And then she heard an awful stertorous breathing, and knew that her grandmother was lying there, stricken and helpless. Mary shrieked aloud, with a cry that pierced curtains and doors, and brought ifrauleia and half a dozen servants to her help. One of the men brought a lamp, and among them they lifted the smitten figure. Oh, God ! how ghastly the face looked in the lamplight. — the features drawn to one side, the skin livid. ' Her ladyship has had a stroke,' said the butler. 'Isishoaying?' faltered Mary, white as ashes. 'Oh, grandmamma, dear grandmamma, ? don't look at us like it !' One of tho servants rusbed off to the stables to eend for tho doctor. Of coarse, being an indcor ttan, he no more thought of going out himstlf into the snowy night on such an errand than Noah thought of going out of the ark to make his discoveries of dry land in person. They carried the countess to her bed and laid her there, like a figure carredoutof stone. She was not unconscious. Her eyes were cptD, and she moaned every now and then as if in bodily and .mental pain. . Once she tried to speak, but had no power tohhapea eyllabJe aright, and ended with a shuddering sigh. Once she lifted her left arm and waved it in the air, as if waving some one off in fear or anger. The right arm, indeed the whole of the right side, was lifeless, motionless as a stone. It was a piteous sight to see the beautiful features drawn and distorted, the lips so accustomed to command mouthing the broken syllables of an unknown tongue. Lady Mary sat beride the bed with clasped hands, praying dumbly, with her eyes fixed on her grandmother's altered face. Mr. Horton came as soon as his stout mountain pony could bring him. He did not seem surprised at her ladyship's condition, and accepted the situation with professional calmness. 'A marked, case of hemiplegia,' he said, when he bad observed the symptoms. 'Will she die?' asked Mary. 'Oh, dear i;o. She will wsnt great care for a little while, but we shall bring her round easily. A splendid constitution, a noble frame, bat I think she has overworked her brain a little reading Huxley and Darwin, and tbe German physiologists upon whom Huxley and Darwin have built themselves. Metaphysics too. A wonderful woman. Very few brains could hold what hers has had poured into it tbe last thirty years. The con ducting nerves between tbe brain and the spinal marrow have been overworked : too much activity, too constant a strain. Even the rails and sleepers on the railroad wear out, don't you kxovr, if there's excessive traffic.' ? Mr. Horton had known Mary from her childhocd, had given her Gregory's powder, and seen her safely through measles and other infantine ailments, so he was quite at home with her, and at Follaide generally. Lady Manlevrier had given him a good deal of her confidence daring those thirty years in which he bad practised as hU father's partner and success or at Grasmere. He used to tell people that he owed a good deal of his edu cation to her ladyship, who condescended to talk to him of the new books she read, and generally gave him a volume to put in his pocket when he was leaving her. ' Don't be downhearted, Lady Mary,' he rait), ' I shall come in two or three times a d&y; atd see hew things are going on, and if I tee tbe slightest difficulty in the case I'll telegraph instanter for Jenner.' Mary and the Fraulein sat up with the in valid all tbat night. Lady Maulevrier'smaid was also in attendance, and one of the men servants slept in his clothes on a couch in the corridor, ready for any emergency. But the night, passed peacefully, the patient slept a gocd deal, and next day there was evident improvement. The stroke which had prostrated the body, which reduced the vigorous, active frame to an awful statue-like stillness — a quietude as of death itself— had not overclouded the in tellect. Lady Maulevrier lay on her bed in the spacious luxurious room, with wide Tador windows commanding half the circle of the hills, and was still the ruling spirit of tbe honse, albeit powerless to move tbe slender band, the lightest wave of which had been as potent to command in her little world as royal sign-manual or sceptre in the great world outside. Now there remained only one thing unim paired by that awful shock which had laid the fetately frame low, and that was the will and sovereign force of the woman's nature. Voice was altered, speech was confused and difficult ; but the strength of -trill, tlie supreme power of mind seemed un diminished. When Lady Maulevrier was asked if Leabia bbcnld be telegraphed for, ahe'replied no, not uirk-ss she was in danger of sudden death. 'I etouJd like to see her before- 1 go,' sb,8 eaid, Ubcrirg lo pronounce the words. fi*^ *&Wrt; «uil- «w ? _._ ' Dear grandmother,' said Mary, tenderly, 'Mr. Horton says there is no danger.' 'Then do not send for her, do not even tell her what has happened, not yet.' 'But she will miss your letters.' 'True. You must write twice a week at my dictation. You must tell her that I have hurt my hand, that I am well but cannot use a pen. I would not spoil her pleasure for the world.' ? ' Dear grandmamma, how unselfish you are. And Maulevrier, shall he be sent for? He is not so far away,' said Mary, hoping her grandmother would Bay yes. What a relief, what an unspeakable solace Maulevrier's presence would be in that dreary hGuse, smitten to a sudden and asvful stillness as if by the angel of death. ' No, I do not want Maulevrier !' answered her ladyship, impatiently. 'May I sit here and read to you, grand mamma ?' Mary asked, timidly. 'Mr. ' Hcrtcn said you were to be kept very quiet, and that we were not tojlet you talk, or talk much to yon, but that we might read to you if you like.' ' I do not wish to be read to. I have my thoughts - for company,' said Lady Mau ltvrier. Mary felt that this implied a' wish to be alone. She bent over the invalid's pillow and kissed the pale cheek, feeling as if she were taking a liberty in venturing so much. Sde would hardly have done it had Lesbia been at Lome; but she had a feeling that in Ls&bia;'s absence Lady Maulevrier must want some body's love — even. hers. Andthsn. she crept away, leaving Halcott the maid in atten dance, silting at her work at the window furtbebt from the bed. 'Alone with my thoughts,' mused Lady Maulevrier, looking out at the panorama of wintry hills, white, ghost-like against an iron tby. ' Pleasant thoughts, truly ! Walled in by the hilla— walled in and hemmed round for .ever. This place has always felt like a grave ; and now I know that it is my grave.' Miss Kirsch, and Lady Mary, .and the maid Halcott, a sedate personage of forty summers, had all been instructed by the doctor that Lady Maulevrier was to be kept profoundly quiet. She must not talk much ; since speech was likely to be a painful effort with htr for some little time : she must not be taked to much by any one, least of all must she be spoken to upon any agitating topic. Life must be made as smooth an 1 easy for her as f cr a new-born infant. No rough breath from the cuter world must come near her. She we 8 to see no one but her maid aad her granddaughter ; Mr. Horton, a plain family man, taking it for granted that the grand daughter was dear to her heart, and likely to exercke a soothing influence. Thus it happened that although Lady Maulevrier SEted repeatedly that JatnesSfceadmsn should be brought to her, she was not allowed to see him. She whose will had been paramount iu tbat hcute, whose word had been law, was now treated as a little child, while the will was Etill as strong, tbe mind as keen as ever. 'She v?culdtalk to him of business,' said Mr. Horton, when he was told of her lady ship's desire to sec Steadman, 'and that cannot be allowed, not for some little time at least.' ' She is very angry with us for refusing to obey her,' said Lady Mary. 'Naturally, -but it is for her own welfare sbeisduobiyed. She can have nothing to say to Stcadman which will not keep till she is better. This establishment goes by clock work.' Mai y withed it was a little less like clock work. Since Lady Maulevrier had been lying ' upstairs — the voice which had once ruled over the house muffled almost, to dumb ness — the monotony of life at Fellside had seemed all the more oppressive. The servants crept about with stealthier tread. Mary dared not touch either piano or billiard balls, and was naturally seized with a longing to touch both. The house had a darkened look, as if the sbadow of doom overhung jfc During this regimen of perfect qv#et LaJy Maulevrier was not allowed to see the news papers ; and Mary was warned that in read ing to her grandmother she was to avoid all exciting topics. Thus it happened that the account of a terrible collision between the Scotch express and a luggage train a little way beyond Preston, an accident' in which seven people were killed and about thirty seriously hurt, was not made known to her ladyship ; and yet that fact would have been of intense interest and significance to her. ( To be continued.) 