THE FATHER 'OF THE REGIMENT; A portrait irf'the Christinas numbpr. of the Hh^traUil Lnudon News, of '' The Father of the-Regiment' and a descriptive paragraph in reference to it show, though 1 quite unintentionally-, how histoiy, aud especially ' the history of fanaticism, re peats itself. The portrait of the hoary father1 is ? that of : a care -worn, obstinate, self-r'ghteous Crbmwellian veteran whose -characteristics are thus referred to : ' That singularly efficient mi itary instru ment of the Puritan Commonwealth, ihe army of the * New Model' constructed by Cromwell in 1645, with which he won the battle of Naseby, had been formed of similar materials to his famous regiment of ' Men of Religion-3 drawn from among his rural neighbors -in the Easterncoun ties, who got. the name.of 'Ironsides' by their indomitable stoutness on ' Marston Moor.' . Cromwell was especially careful to cherish among his followers, whom he laudedas 'a lovely company,' tlie question able spirit of warlike religious aggressive ness wliich resulted in a fanatical crusade against the ecclesiastical system then pre vailing in most parts of England. . They waged, a contest against neighbors and fellow Chritians much as the Israelites under the leadership of Joshua aud Gideon, subdued the idolators of Canaan, the Midianites and the Amalekites, though wholesale massacre was not actually prac tised till the Irish war of a later period. There were among the Ironsides of Crom well, not a few of those fierce unchristian zealots, Such as do build tlieir faith upon The holy text of pike and gun. And prove their doctrine orthodox By apostolic blows and knocks, Call lire aud sword aud desolation, A Godly, thorough Reformation. The officers and non-commissioned officers of this sectarian army — wliich ultimately became an intolerable scourge of the country, the detested 'implement of g -as ping and tormenting oppression in the latter days of the Commonwealth — were accustomed to exercise their 'gift of preaching' and their ' gift of prayer.' These beltaved as good soldiers during the wair, but afterwa- ds they broke out in frequent mutinies, conspiracies, and insurrections, such as that headed by John Lilburne, and Cromwell himself threatened to 'cut them in pieces.' The rapid depravation aud corruption of tlie whole Puritan Commonwealth proved that it was founded on wrong principles, and essentially adverse to the sentiments of the English nation.' It was a grand organisation for pulling down -monarchies, ecclesiastical and -other institutions, and, under pretence of holy zeal in well-doinsr, to plunder and destroy sacred and noble edifices, which it had taken many cen turies to build and beautify. The race of fanatics with military instincts is not yet extinct. Expoet of Minerals.^ — By tlie s.s. ?Southern Cross; which left for Melbourne on Saturday, the . Bank of V. D. Land shipped a box of gold, weighing 344oz, and : valued at £1300. Bv the same steamer 32 bags of tin ore, valued at £40, . were shipped ' by the North Brothers' Home T.M. Company; Messrs. L. Tulloch and Co. also shipped 121 bags tin ore, valued at £315. PRESENTATION TO MR W. G. WILKINSON. — On Saturday afternoon an impromptu little ceremony of a pleasing character took place in the composing-room of the Daily Telegraph office, iliustrating how generally the principle of brotherly love, the esprit de corps works throughout all organised branches of industry. Mr. W. G. Wilkinson, overseer of the typographical department, who had been away in New Zealand for about nine years, returned here to his native place some two years ago, and he has been very actively em- ployed since, chiefly in this printing establishment, but he has suffered lately from ill-health, and has been advised to take rest and try the benefits derivable from change of air and scene. This was considered a fitting time and opportunity for evincing sympathy with Mr Wilkin son, and conveying to hirn a testimonial of the regard and respect entertained for him by those with whom he has been associated, and who will be glad to wel come him back with health restored. The testimonial was presented by Mr Brick hill, prefaced by brief but comprehensive remarks, expressing his personal senti ments and his regard for Mr Wilkinson. The testimonial expressed the hope that with the contemplated change Mr Wil kinson's health may be speedily and com pletely restored, and that although his duties had been numerous and of a highly responsible character, yet they had been carried out in a satisfactory and thoroughly business-like manner. In conclusion the proprietor and staff begged his ac ceptance of the testimonial (which will be engrossed aud illuminated) and a valuable tea and coffee ser vice, as a memento of their sincere and continued friendship for him. Trusting that his useful life may long be spared, and wishing him a happy and prosperous new year, the signatures were appended. Mr Wilkinson replied in a feelingly elo quent manner, as he had really been left unaware, up to the time of presentation, of the proofs of kindly regard intended for him. 'Lktts's Illustrated Household Magazine. — We have received - from Messrs. Walch Brothers and Birchall ' Yule Tide,' or the Christmas number of 'Letts'slllustrated Household Magazine,' and a splendid oleograph as supplement, 'The Foster Mother.' The mother is an innocent gentle young girl, poorly but comfortably clad, with a bird's nest in ,her left liaud, out of wliich- two wide .gaping beaks are raised demanding- food. The very position of the gentle fingers of the child-woman .supply evidence that in her the destitute birds will find a loving patient and faithful foster mother. -The figure, the dress, the attitude, the gentle- , .ness, the expression of the' girl's face,' are * all the perfectiuh of simplicity; theyare, natural, aiid speak right to the heart of all kind womanly characteristics. One section of. the magazine contains uume- ' rous illustrations of the story of - Little j Red Riding Hood and , .thje Terrible ! Wolf,' ' Cinderella,' Jack the Giant : Killer,' ' Beauty and the Beast,' 1 ' Babe3 in the .Wood,' and 'Sinbad the ] Sailor,' with the romantic tales in verse. : -The other consists of Christmas; tales; of '' Alessaudro's Revenge,' ' Storytof a Christmas Tree,': ' The Double Dream,' 'How I Found my Wife,' ?'? Made moiselle Demise,' aud a. wonderful tale ot ! ''Christmas on the other side.' This purports to be a letter dated 'Marimoo, ; Hobart 'Town, December .27tli,: 184-.' It ' is a letter from a successful lady colonist to ' Dear Bessie' in London. This portion of ' Yule Tide,'; is '-elaborately illustrated by scenes of Christmas in Italy,' ' Chris'mas. in . Germany,' Christmas at Sea, 'Christmas in, Canada,' 'Christmas in BYance,' and ' Cliristmas in Australia.' Tlie' number as a whole is a gem specimen of the beautiful in'art and literature,' ' The Illustrated London News.:' — We have received from Messrs. Walch Bros', and Bircliall the Christinas number of the Illmi rated London News'; with' two large colored supplements, ' Mliss' and 'Ties Me.'. The latter; is onfc of ' Miss Kate Green away's conceptions of rumpled; tumbled, over-dressed childhood, ^fpr 'which we cannot afford inucli adrhiratibiij but Mliss is a beautiful picture, the realisation of tlie girl, Melissa..Smith. ;t|iat qunint 'c impoiind bo beautifullytiemcted by Bret Harte, rwlio: * ? r : 3 ^ | ' Throughout auiost unhappylot,: 7 She bore hcrsdf without a. blot, Y, As one within a loathsome lair, . . Alily whiteTmsmirdiedjmgbttrear ; , -Who mid a motley roystqring crew, Uncared for into girlhooi grew.' The illustrations in this 'number are numerous and of superior ' merit — ' ' The Path to' Church,' ' Dolly, Isn't Christ? mas Jolly Dolly seeins'a preternatural productipn of .well-dressed wooden intel-: ligence. 'The Christmas Bells',' 'Fire{ side Fancies,' ' Pets of tlie 'House,' ' Sir .Roger do Coverley,' but the best of the series7 'is thie 'Interrupted Ghost Story, ' ail exquisite picture of general alarm, caused by the enthusiastic braying of an ass outside at the critical moment when tlie story- teller, is -just approaching the appearance of the flhost The other illusirati' 11s are 'Great Expectations,'1 ''^The Christmas Befaringers,' ;a,; picture which may be classed as T 'historical in character and costume of Christmas,' 1783.' ' A Bouquet for Mamma' is borne |by a lovely child to her mamma's bedroom door; the child' by far the loveliest bou quet of the two. ' Three Generations,'! ?'^The Father of the Regiment,' '' Notes at a Christmas Dinner, by Our -dyspeptic artist,' 'Pictorial Charades,''' and Una Tocmta, the latter, an Italian lady, ? play-; ing thoughtfully on a mandoline. Earth Tkemohs.— Mr A. B. jBiggs requests us to correct a mistake, in his communication which appeared-. in.Jast: Monday's issufc. It should have stated that ' very few accounts of earth tremors1 come to us from the icesticard,' not c-r.sf-l mini. Waice's Takmaman Book Almanac/ — We have received a copy of Walch's valuable Red Book, or Tasmanian Book Almanac for 1884. Since the first issUe. of this useful vaiie mecnm tlie Red Book has: -been found indispensable in all public and most private offices throughout the colony, . and it is also found inmost households: where proper value is placed upon a ready; reference to correct general information. ; It isauuually being extended in its scope to keep pace with the growing institutions 01 tue epiony. mis ;year me lted coot consists of 288 pases, being eight pages ' more than for 1883, and this. does not in- ' elude over 100 pages of advertisements, which contain, much useful information. Taking into consideration the wide range | of institutions dealt with in the book, the : information it supplies is .remarkably correct, though some errors have crept in. The revision of the book each year in volves a vast amount of work, and the correctness of the information supplied depends very much ? upon the courtesy, attention, and promptitude of numerous officials in town and country. -The tariff has been carefully amended in accordance with the alterations made, in the recent : session of Parliament prorogued on the 29th October last. A list, of the, acts of ! Parliament passed. in that session is given. Of five eclipses in 18S4, three of the sun and two of the moon, only one of the moou on the evening of the 10th April will be visible in Tasmania. An extract from Barnard Smith's School Arithmetic on leap years and the reason and legal authority for them is given at page, xvi. Under the head of ecclesiastical .the Salva tion Army, represented by Captain and Mrs Gibbs, and tlie Salvationists by. Cap i.un auu 11 1 is v/uuius, are jiOLeu as auai ti'ins to the Tasmanian churches. : Tlie addition of names of gentlemen to the list of those iu the Commission -of tbe TPeace extends to 54, and nine justices have been appointed Coroners during 'tlie yjear 1883. Tlie Red Book Almanac is decidedly the uiost conipiendidus and reliable work of the kind in Tasmania. . , Ci^GE&Co;^^BEO^mo^^— We tew'%e-attenlion !of importers' generally to die' tact 'that after to-morroWj^Jahuary ls--, ah alteration in tlie form offteclara tion .used for ad valorem goods yill take place. The following is the Torm of de claration to be used on - the : variation papers in lieu .of that formerly .used on the back of the entries: — 'I hereby declare 'that' the items appearing on the other side thereof', are truly aud correctly extracted ;from- the- 'invoices herewith produced, and that the.y^lueg set against such itcms are tlie real' and ' true values, being the purchase prices, and the amounts actually; paid ,or... agreed -to be paidby. AndTfurther declSql that have not receiyed any other ac count Or invoice for these goods: ' beklared 'before-mp.. ; t ? Asimporlfers have been known to have two invoices of dif ferent values on the. one indenti .'Uiis new - regulation will hive the effect Jot putting a stop to such practice;. ; Unolvimed Telegbam. A .telegram from Maryport, addressed to Mr,Siichard Tulloch, Launceston, lies at the Telegraph Office, the. messengers being unable to find the residence of Mr R, Tuiiocli. Fujendly . Societies' . Dehonsrution. — The annual: demonstration o(j the United Friendly Societies' will'-take place on the Launceston Cricket GrOttnd to morrow, andso far as' can be .seen, pro mises to ^completely outstrip all its predecessors. About »£159 will foje given away : in prizes, besides trophies [to the value of £25 ; and' as the number of eiitries amounts to 250, a grand i day's sport should result. Iu the evening an adjournment to the - Town Park njll take place, where a drawing^room entertain ment will be giveii in thte Pavilion by the flaglehawk. Minstrels, aud a gymnastic exhibition by the Tasmanian Premier Gymnastic Society ; ? besides there will be a distribution of £50 ::worth of valuable articles, and after 'a soiree dansante wiil - be held.- r The^- official programme, of 48 pages 'in book form, may be . obtained . at this -.office, or from boys on the ground, fot the small charge of sixpence. . . Watchjjight Services. — Ihe , aiuiual midnight service at St. John's ^iwrch. will commence at ll-45 p.nu to-nigK-, At tlie Wesleyan Church, Pattersoh-istreet, the usual watclinight service will begin at 11 p.m.; and extend-Antil a ifew -minutes after 12p.ni;'-.:' .' ?; n- -.. . . - u' .The MAJEBONis:-L--On Saturday night this talented company again appeared at the Mechanics'' Institute ' in the military drama of ''Friendship' to a very 'good house, which was; -'as on the .previous .night, received ? by the -audience /with' 'tlie appreciation' that .it deserves. - -The- cast . of' -cliaracters Was ' unaltered. 'Signor Majeroni and' ^Mr -B. N. Douglas as before playihg^flie two Sergean'ts,! while Signora 3Iajerohiplayedthe character oE fie wife of the'tloomed Sergeant!ifo Hie life, and -were well supported byHie iest of their company. This wias the'lalt pro I duction of ' Friendship,' aiid to-night will be produced DnmaB' great [Bbciety drama ' Camilla.3' The jiii/iK' writing of this play, remarks that ''pli^-goers in Melbourne ; liave witnessed' --m;uiy Camilles on thef stage, but r having' seen tliat of SiguoraMajeroni,-'±he impersona tion must appea^ like a iiew! reydajtion. All tliat is impure in- suggestiyjeness :or vicious, in inter£t,.'is johliterat^ 'and yet the' audience'Seel that they' see the true Jiesoine of. Ppmas' wpnderfid fiction before xneni.' '.We must remind our readers that this^asOn closes on Friday, therefore those ~who have not already seen ' Uiis 'most fe&uiue; ?femnanv'1 ou5ht not to miss an o^portunity'^whiclf^ may - iiot occur again.' ' ' ' ' ' ? LiUKcasTON H&kg; Pigeon Societv. —The fly from 4i^gford;to ^town^or Mr jL'3bparr6w''s goldlmedal, -took 'place on Sitimlay 4ftern(rt-£ ' The followii^; birds wfere sent tfut 'by to i d-^day-%him, and liberated by Mr A3bey, the statiob master, at 3 ' p ta.'f-^J: Ai'l-Bains S tockwfelli H. anflOff 6olottr/Ii. Dowli^VJVblinifteri = ' fR;* 'Coning^by's Progrefes ind : Commotion, 'C. feillalier's Mousetrap, and p) '^lli^jff'i ?Tgrtjfirf — Tlie first to arriwf : was 'Stock well, who did tlie -distance 23min. 22sec.;_noxt came 3Iartnii-]9^uro, 23minl »4Ssec. ; and Off Color. 25mm. 4|sec, Mr J. Sparrow kiudlj' acted as'^pe'-keeper. Martini- 1 ^enrjr^-^Siiavpfxde,, a -ery p?pjjflar onfej4»Mr^ Bain's birfslijive beehdefra^ja^m i^£s«efc]jpt!ie bravely kept1 oil imd 1 has * succisieded 'in scoring a win. A ineeting' will%e lield at Sir Bell's mart th^^ening, atf'SOehaip, to present the prizeMo the ' winiiets;%hen all members are rea uest^cl to attendi Any gentlemen desiro^:^ gitiiigk trbphy to be competed for £an do so by commuui catinggsiftBtte js^^iy.vi p.'jj- it The Pollaeb trttEiJitE Tboupe.— In reference ? to the^alleged kidnapping . of «Mldren;'-fSll5 pa9icnlaKKif jhF hicEjnjre !given®^ibifflnb)^]^iel7Hiinstai!^lhe - ?Age of Friday saysjS^b leWftluit'MrsN./ Salenger, of -Fitaroy, whose 'Jdattghter Lena apd «on Herbert1 were ?the' ^jrfhcipal peiionmnginemteiB|ftthetFolla^t^npe, yester'dayreceived^Sfetteirfrom'li^huf band, who has prodded to lndia for the purpose of obtaining possewidn' iif his children. , |^r -Salfeiter : statra that he ' went to Pollardj 'irU Uias 'charge' (ctf the troupe. aud demand^ his sonand daigh- - ter, who were forauvith handed over to him. Pollard :didnStTafctempt to fUstify his acfcipn intakingj.fiie children to.Jndia without first obtaining their parent's con sent. Mr Salenger^|oiitatestliat4ie lias commenced an actiimf or damages against Bollard for Ms-detlpSbn of tha'jchMrtS, and will tliereforeliivelsd remain for some time in Calcutta. rsMi Salenger was the bearer of lettere[,ft-^ni|everal parents who reside in Melbourne to their children, but Pollard wafi at Mfrofc io to see the juveniles, iand Mr Salenger on his part 'w-3uld noH:l&nd;'the!letters to Polkird -for. deli vpgt! Sjltiingjriyf feefifas permitted , to, see. jWelpliil^en, aiid give them jAeir letters. $ ^ j ^tatesjthat ptgy w^re in good health, .hut -,aiixioiis to ^e turn home., .. Some,of4ie greets orotlitr members of the -trpuw . have, ;wej|indtr' stand, forwarded .a^potep iof attorneyJo the inspects of policskt Calcuita, ,to enr able him to get theirjcM&en.-j;^,ts|^ them home. . '? The LondOs' MoNEYjSlAitKET^—Messis -W; ' Westgarth. and-Co; repoi t iri fcfovem ber 'that the ^ondiion ^jf Jthe* money market continues ext^mely favoiable to the colonial; «t°cfe |juiieixcep^i^abto some of the newer Government loau issues and of- the municipal and harborjoans, prices have hardly ^di injced further. The general expectation . ! irlier in the year jof au upcectain or -,d- u- money, ; anarket towards tlie ' fciTl' : as only just passed away, so tliat the fnllsl Feet of the improv ing prospects of monajaiy ease has hardly yet: been realised, arSi thus welrok for a still further advauce if values before the end. of theyear. i Thefcaiik rateCbiltinues nominally! 'ait j3 peri-dnt^ but ihe 'ratcs for bill discounting ahd for liiJf-iuojithi^r loans on the best oilonial secnrities iaife only about 2|, aud forpi unicipsl^^ifies 2 J per cent. As indicative' of thfejiigh credit of ihe colonial jtocks, as Tivelllas of their comparative iieiptiability, weipoint out how much , neard- the rates of loans made upon them approach, the minimum ra'es charged^ for tte discount, of ,' fine bills.' 5 Tlie differenc|, ? from TOjing tmHl recently about 1 |ietfent, is now hardly more than nominal. fSome of |:he newer issues of Hie Goveronent loans, as the Queensland,. South Australian, andTes- manian 4 per.^ent^jfive adduced J-.4o''l per cent, sisveral' oU ?»! .TOl.-jwtcent,; but most of tlie ol^r rissiies, remain as before' Quoted: ' T^al^gs'befen '^ore sSr amongst the niuiiieipil afid.harlwr loanf* whose higher interpstrates of-i iH'd'() per cent are ;a temptation^) 'inVestofes in these times of cheap ' niona and reduced inter est - ratesM Tliey li#e mostly jhade a and in some W^&'-Qts^b.'Oamarii, dnd Lyttleton Haxws, - -of* 2 -to 4 per cent.''.'.':./,-.. ,;f' '.-j. ? 1.;;'. jject^witho | didMrCross ej-eakitiprelib|tefully.i^ of of iSi^i^waj^in^r-great Dqiendency. Tha^ ^ cli^^ %W of /railway enter- prise in Indi^iwW j^foundeir.lBiphown by the d£tailfed%tatfement set forthin the* Blue from ? tiese i^wa^Swere^ufliweiit to yield a divideridSof ne^y5£?per cent on the a ipital ei|pi^idgj|fe feu^fly more than en ^nnmTrinfr - fSmepjaHv if it is borne in mind thatthat capital includes tlie'heavy cost ofthe unproductive -,f ronti^railways coistriictedBolely for political purposes. The least fcitisfactoiy feature 'Is that rail wrayeoristruction has been going on at a scandalously slow rateof'progress. It is thirtyyears since the. first Indian railway ?was made, andtheJaisi nijmber of miles o' railway open for traffic at (he end of March* last was only a - 1'ttlo- over ten thousand. - Lord tiipOrrB^Govemnient, however, have taken a new departure in this,- as in other matters of Indian administration, and, judging from tlie surveys for new lines which are now being made, the result is likely to show a much more rapid progress in the future than i lias been known in tue past. A Modern Enoch Arden. — A some ? .what, remarkable case of the 'Enoch Arden type is reported by tlie Western Mpr/dng. News to have Just occurred at lungpbrjjlge.;, iSome; 'years a&\- i jrpung woman of Kingsbridge was married to a . man named Lucraft. ? ? In due course Lucraft went to sea, and from tliat time his wife saw him no more. It was credibly reported that her husband had b'eeirdrown&d; and asthereappepxed-fr) be no reoson to doubt the accurSnw this information, .Mrs Lucraft w;Sn garded in the town, and indeed reggfin|0 herself, as a widow. ; She remained iTT a state of single blessedness for some time, ' but was eventually wooed and 'won by a tradesman in the town named Burner. Neither was aware of. any obstacle to their union ; and it was taken for granted .that the Etory of Lucraft's death was a perfectly trustworthy story, arid a short time' since Sirs Lucraft became Mrs Bnrrier. But a few days ago a stranger 1 appeared in the town, and calling upon | the Kingsbridge tradesman revealed to-, him the fact that lie was the sailor . Lucraft. It was Jack Robinson's case — . ' he hadn't been dead at all.' Little or -nothing is known of the subsequent con- ' versation that took place .between the two ' husbands ofnne wife, but it was probably . of an amicable and friendly character, for rumourlias it that Lucraft shortly after wards left tlie town, and tliat Burner remains in quiet possession of liis wife. . ' The Great Eastern.— The bottomof thesliip is almost flat. Up to the water mirk the hull is constructed with an inner and an outer skin, nearly 3ft* apart, and each, composed of three-quarter inch p'.ates.' Between these, ait intervals of CJt, run horizontal webs of iron .plates, ?which materially increase the power of resistance both of the inuer and the outer \- s\'iiD(|^MjitlO,000 tons of iron plates were of the hull. HEastem^raHMrwi^ vast size, is the combined application of steam power 'through the paddle- wheel and thescrew. The engines are considerably larger than a-ay hitherto made for- marine purposes. The vessel has ten boilers and' five funnels, jand tjie boflets are jilaced longi tudinally along the'^centre' of the ship, aiid are * entirely . 'independent of Wch 0*-her. Each, paddle-boiler. has ten fur naces, and'fiach screw-boiler ' twelve fur ?r'tollic whole the laige riSces. Thdependehl of ter meansof propulsionis ste; no less than G,500 anvas being used in the er 'sallsi The paddle in diameter,' and the rheel is computed at 90 tornvwhilsttlie Bcrew propeller is 24ft in diameter, ;and the epgine shaft is 160ft in length- Tlie ship wa£ designed to accom modate 4,000 passengers— 800 first class, 2,000 sejiond'islass, and;l,200 third-class independent bt fthe Chip's coinplementof about 400 hands. Her registered tonnage is 23,000. The first attempt to float tiiis. ' monster vessel was' made in November, 1857, but unsuccessfully. On Sunday, January 31st, 1858, however, in the pre sence of a vast concourse of spectators, she yielded to the hydraulic pressure tliat was 'brought to bej&upori; her, ami glided s'owly but gracefully into the Thames, where she lay at rest, whilebeing fitted for sea, till September, 1859, when she was towed down the river to Gravesend. In ihe following dune the Great Eastern \- Jo W fin* sea trin . It may be of in terest to record that when first floated, the vessel registers d 16J-ft aft, and 14ft - llin for wardj-j-or sjathin ?fiin ;o'f the amount g ilculated. - — — Froi^i GasselV s (jreatei London. ' ' ... k ' Murdochs'? J&nx;&r;— 'I* Murdoch; the captain of the New South Wales Intercolonial Eleven, was the hero 'of the first dayVplayin the intercolonial match between New South Wales and Victoria. His splendid display of cricket in cohipiling*1* 15$' runs 'will, says the Daily TdegrajS^ long be remembered as1 oae of tt'fe most' scientific displays of oricket . that ; has , been .witnessed in Australia, and truly may it be said that Murdoch's 'prowess with the , bat entitles him to rank as .the first batsman in the 'world. His score yesterday made by truly scientific cncket, . will stand side by side . with his scores of 152 (not out) against the pick of England, and the mammoth as--re -against' 'Victoria wliich -he effected two years ago. Every cricketer yesterday oti the Melbourne ground was delighted1 with the performance, and when he re turned to the pavilion he was met with a perfect ovation. Speaking of his cricket, one of 4iis opponents remarked— 'Some of the newspaper critics' (not the Daily ? Telegraph) say he has lost nisrorm. Ji lie goB6 oh losing bis form in this way a day o? two longer, wfe would never get him oitl' Another tribute or praise was paid h'm by a good judge of cricket, who, in renlytoa question,' 'What sort of team would eleven batsmen like Murdoch form ? ' said, ' The cricket season would be too short for a single innings.' 5 The Intercolonial Cricket Ma7vh.— ?[lie large attendance which assembled oil the Melbourne Cricket Ground on Wedr nesday la6t (writes the Daily Telegraph) to witness .the fust day's play in tlie 81st .intercolonial cricket match, between Victoria and New- South Wales, was suf ficient to shogr fee great public interest \- wliichthesecoftests arouse. Over 10,000 persons paidf# admission to the outerporr tion of .the ground, and in the members reserve and grand-stand there inus^ have been about 4000 more, and tlie spec tatorsproved most appredative, apjilaud iu£ lieai tily any brilliant elSort made by either fieldsman or batsman. The display et ericket was a splendid one, but.it must ba c 'i'1i in favor jjf the batsmen from the sister colony, that their batting was too good W.tlie Victorian bowling. Palmer, Midwinter, Borie, and Horan, all bowled well, but tli'eir best eftbris appeared sim ple to Murdoch, who played a superb innings f6r 158. When the stumps were drawn, New South Wales had lo3t . four . iwickets , for ? 278 runs. The 'game will.be resumed atnoon to-day. Tlie matchrwas continued on Thursday, ?when' the New South Wales total was i ? l.t i.-, J.19 lmfore t.lie last- wicket UlUU'in ui» ? — - felL'- Evans and Garrett, who. w«-re not out on the previous evening, ibatted well, scoring 33 aud 64 respectively, the last named player at times scoring vpry rapidly.' Allen and Nunn also' contributed 27 and'24. The most remarkable feature of the day 'splay- (remarks the Age) was thetkliut, of Bohnor as. a bowler the nehfljnpioniiitter going 'on when Garrett and Allen were scoring rapidly, and securinglioth wickets at a low cost. . The iVictorianB lost tijjp wickets for. 107, the '6«»Bers : being' -Bonrior 41, M'Donnell 15, iSojcⅈ 37 (riot out), arid Lewis 8 (not out), The » attendance was again good, number - ingaboutSOOO. Thematchwascontinuedon Friday and Saturday, and thie scores may be seen by reference to our cable news. 