"()bigijsral cobrespondenoh. AMONG THE SPIRITS. rm- ii,„ Wrli/nr of the liiverine Ilerald.) Sin"—It is not "generally known among this enlightened, though somewhat gay and festive community of Echucu, that there is in their midst a society of Spiritists. -Nevertheiess it is a fact. In the silent dead of j nMit a secret seven hold communion with ; the other world once a week. 1 hose who Lave time to spare in the pursuit of useless knowledge may readily discover the mysrerious retreat in which we eelebrate our seances They will know it by the stately nile of untenanted coffins which surround it, I inscribed with the labels of divers Scotch and Irish spirit distillers. These coffins are semitransparent-a fact which betokens their antiquity since we know that the ancient Phoenicians invented a rude kind of glass. However, we are a most respectable society. We have no connection with the " Harbinger of Li"lit;"' therefore even Mr. Slratton need havo" no fear of our contaminating the members of the Mechanics' Institute. Last n}0ht we had a seance for the purpose of ascertaining who would be returned to the vacancy in the Borough Council. In one corner of our room was a bright fire, since we always deem it an act of Christian charity to make our spirits comfortable and warm before interviewing them. Upon the table at which we eat were several bottles, glasses, pipes, candles, pencils, paper, and other accessories necessary to carry on a conversation'with our expected guests. Our archmedium took the chair upon this occasion. He is n gentleman whom we selected to such an exalted position by reason of his proficiency in the dead languages. Having taken our positions,, 'we placed our hands in the orthodox fashion upon the table. _ Some of our junior members placed their heads there also and became entranced, so overcome were they by the awful solemnity of our proceedings. Presently, it was apparent that visitors from beyond the grave were present. The first one who became materialised wore hit cerements in a somewhet jaunty fashion. He glided towards the fire, saying " I find the wynd very cold here. 'Tis much warmer where I come from." Seeing that he appeared distressed, I handed him_a nobbier. No sooner had he raised it to Ills lips than he hurled it to the other end of the room, shrieking, "That came from the Commercial, my enemj, I'll have none of it. Bnrroo, Arrali, " Erin go Bragh, vote for Broderick." He was here interrupted by another spirit calling out "Tut, tut, tut, you're shickered... Where ignorance is bliss its folly to be wise. How abo.ufc Martin. He's the. boy to butcher the Town Clerk, and he'll head the poll !" The first spirit at this attack seemed to be utterly squelched. He trembled violently, and could only mutter by way of answer " I fear you're a dale too true in what you say." Our chairman, who is rather particular about pronunuciation, here corrected the speaker by saying that in Victoria it was the custcih to say " deal" and not " dale" ; whereat our guest replied, " I pronounce the word as an educated Irish gentleman." The chairman, being unable to contradict this assertion, bowed profoundly, touching the ground with his nose as is the custom of those who find they have made too free with ■ the spirits. Ashe scrambled " back to: his; seat, we heard a buzzing as if a bee, or a mosquito, had got loose in the room ,- arid soon afterwards a shadowy form appeared seated upon an almost invisible \vine cask. Without more ado lie leaped upon; his position, and scratching his head as people always do when they are about to propound some great truth, said—" I am William the conqucror, the progenitor of Her Majesty. It is my policy to sit on a rail, until I find who will be the successful candidate. ' That chap over there," said he, pointing towards the first spirit, " thinks lie can lead me by the nose, and that he.has me going straight for Broderick. Don't he- wish lie may get me, I might give Cohen-a show, should he promise, if elected, to reduce the rate of interest on small loans to two and a half per cent, per pear ; and to cheerfully forgive all debtors who should run away from him without paying." He went on to .say that he thought Cohen would retire,' and . that Broderick was not much to his taste. He "would probably have made a very long speech,; had lie not been interrupted by the first; spirit, who rushed madly upon him, calling out— '' wretched imposter. You are no more Wilhum the Conqueror than I am. I knew you in the flesh when you were an assistant goat, impounder.;False,fleeting, perjured Clarence. Get thee back into the darkness and night's Plutonian shore." Saying which he pushed the Conqueror's ghost into its wine cask, and rolled him out intr> the yard. This feat accomplished, he returned and stated that he-was very glad-Mr. Norman had ii"t liear.d the speech of the expelled spirit, since he wished the Town Clerk to have every opportunity of inducing that gentlenmn.to vote for Bro-, deiick. "Tut, tut, tut," said'the second spirit, " Mr. Norman is a gentleman who has proclivities for acting on his, own discretion. He wants 110 Town Clerk to tell him vote." Hearing these words the first spirit vanished up the chimney, so that the second spirit was left alone with us. Seeing his poiit'nn h" u"cm.ie very much excited ; Waniw» lu i-gui. we, and then, because I would not get up, tried to drag me up by the mir. Failing in this attempt to arouse me, amused himself by putting ice on my feet and hot coals on my head. Finding that I s ill took no notice of his polite attentions, '6 came up to me in a very confidential milliner, and whispered into my ear the folowinn paophecy :—" Norman is one of the i cleverest men in this town. He'll euchre 0 town Clerk, Broderick, and Cohen. He "ever lets on how he will vote ; but I'll lay £10 to a shilling he votes for Martin on polling day." Saying this, he pulled a roll 0 notes out of his pocket, and banged them own on the table with such force as to nock it down. I picked myself up from the' "or, aud after rubbing my eyes, looked for ■snf •!°iteSi' I5"'' *'ley wera gone. That there \r "i i ' y:lnked " them away with him Hi! j.' , ac'le(l violently from the elfects of «te treatment it had suffered, and I groped ji u v11' a dvop of whiskey. 1 discovered cnnU met"u'n on 'he same errand ; but wo .,nofc /"'d a drop. After turning the —" n\a hottle upside down he said fm,h i nil nisi bonum, but those conunded visitors 0f ours have drunk it all, Sn'.,Je .m go elsewhere for a nobbier." mni'L m I.I>.arm WQ sallied forth in search of woulri sP1"ts* My companion, however, Limn n? ,00me fal' with. me.. Meeting a aiifi surrounded it affectionately, 3liirH,lnVTSiSeJ ..vote in favor of Mr. 1 l)i-|U'i i • '1'rn 'here, and the last words were—" to ^'s new found friend von n,i \ n ' ^ may (hie) now disclosh to ish H \ ole fren Mr. Pace's tip U.i\ ' 1 ".""dred to one (hie) that Mai tinsh poiesh.7' -Yours, etc., Echuci o,ntli . v ICE-MEDIUM. 1 rf0th August, 1883. We call attention to Mr. Trebilco's stocn. °f books, stationery, jewellery, fancy goods, glass and chinaware, cutlery, musical instrulneiiUj tobacconists' ware, ai:d so lorth. Certainly the bes^ this side of Melbourne. I1' consequence of keeping so varied a stock, good articles are sold at tlie price usually charged for inferior at simll establishments Inspection is invited. Dealers are supplied. -[Advt.] T.IBF.1UT.3 A.X11 COXSEIIVATIVES agre? in "Wf. Auxold's "i'.ALSAM OT i rOTlEJiOT'in) ^ l.la* efficacious roinwlv for Jioarseness, Coughs, ™Ws> Asthma, Lo.'s of Voice-, Bronchitis, Weak ■■ :u»d iiii'nt'iiziu 'Where children. have »«uopiu _"1l '*■ tke house. A simile. dose quieten?, and veliel. A small bol.tle'dI'Icii cures. 'JWis U'st kxpi-i'torant now in use ; rapidly relieves I fieronchinl Tulles by dissolving the con^aled Asklo,. " Arnold's" and get is ; spurious "'nations are sometimes offered. Sold by all ilbt5 ail(i atorekceoera.—[ Abyt}. Persons who suffer from sleeplessness are habituated to the practice of wooing the drowsy god by narcotics, on which they become so absolutely dependent that they cannot enjoy the luxury of Nature's kind restorer, as the poet Young felicitously terms it, without a recourse to these extrinsic acids. Irrespective of this pernicious habit, no constitution can stand continuous drugging without being eventually undermined. If in ! lieu of opiates, those who suffer from insonia : would make a judicious use of Wolfe's Schnapps they would soon fall into tlie way of tins nocturnal balm. For sinking spells, fits dizziness, palpitation and low spirits, rely on Hop Bitters. JNotice. For close confinement, want of air, sedentary habits and brain and nerve tire, trust in Hop Bitters. Read. The greatest appetizer, stomacch, blood and liver regulator on earth—Hop Bitters. Look for and read. 