TJPPBR SF4N ORBEK; TO- THB ..' ^,- (SeAD, OF-THB ppNDAMINE.^ f ' ? ?.??'' [Fbom dint Teavbmino Bbpoiitee:] x , ' Completelt ovoi looking the Uppor- Swan Creek District, undforming indoed a most cori ?piouous object of obsorvat-on throughout great . ;partof.tho Kastern Downs is Mount Sturt with Us frequently,. cloud-capped summit, soaring -,- thousands. of feet into tlie air, many of , those who look a' the mountain have very little ' 'knnwtadifo cf what has been dono near that summit in tho way of scrub farming. In tho immediate neighbourhood, howover, the matter ia frequently mado the subject of converea tion,. and Air. J. Sewoll's patient, persevering, and intelligent industry ia referred to as a notable illustration of tho way in which mountain scrub land may bo turnod to good account. Climbing the mountain's slops by. a road cut through the scrub which almost over hangs it* devious course, a clearing of some fifty acres is seen, in high cultivation, and ' bearing evidence that local report had only dooo ' ju»tico to the efforts by which such re eulti had been rcalisod. Hituato at the foot of tho mountain's highest face, and at a great ?elevation abovo tho sittlemont, scon far away helow in various' directions, Mr. Sewell's hold ing JB certainly unique, both in respect of position and the nvmner in which it has been ? utilised. A portion is in ploughed cultivation for corn und potalotw, and of which unusually . good crops aro hubitimlly realised by the culti vator. ; Uut certainly the most especial feature , in tho holding under notice arises with reBpect ' to the splendid growth of artificial grasses, with which a largo part has been planted. Prairie grass is found by Mr. Sewell to be the . most, profitable, and consequently receives his principal atlentiou, though tho red Natal, Mezquib1, Buffalo, and Angora grasses seem to. grow upon tho tides of Mount Sturt equally, well, if an opinion on. the subject could Ins formed from tho fine sward of oacli recently to be seen there. Mr. Sewell's improvements include a small but very well supplied fruit garden in good hearing. Beyond the land from which the whole of the scrub timbur had been cleared, a tract of scrub, from which only tlio undergrowth has been cut and burnt, affords shelter to a bed of prairie ginss, which Mr. Sowell assured tho present , wi-iler vemains greon and fresh, oven in the driest summer weather, thus providing his cows andhorSL'owiUigoodfo (liug when itis not other ' wise to bo obtained. Mr. Sowell further stated ' ilhafc to clean' tlio ground he burns the prairie grass evory year -genorully about March. This in done not only to destroy any undergrowth of ?timber tbi.it nuy ho forming, but also to destroy the germs of that insect life with which scrub land is redundantly provided. Conversing on the subjoet of scrub farming generally, this Tery successful ssrub' farmer expressed a con viction that if cultivated in tho proper wsy, the scrubs might tie turned to very profitable account, add ronvertod into rich pasture land, ?available alike for summer and winter use. To judgo from what has been dono by Mr. Hewell, liis conviction seems vory well grounded, and it is to bo hoped thai by following his cxamplo scrub farmers may be relieved from the risk of 'having to abandon tUeir holdings, which, within tho knowledge of tho present writer, has mot unfrequently happened to them, through the overgrowth of weeds. It would require a sepanito urticle to do justice to all tho details of oliserration and experience enumerated by ? Mr.- Eowell, us having occurred to him during his rcsulcucn on Mount Sturt ; but BimetliMiiattar is of great interest, it is cer tainly desirable that what has been said in its connection may be of service to many who have not brought so much intelligence to hear upon their scrub farms as that exercised in. the instance here recorded. Passing from Mount. Sturt, a continuous line of furnis is found beside the road which leads to Uppor Swan Creek. At one of them — naim-ly, t!.at belongi- g to Mr. A. Wilson — the proprietor oxhibited a very nice Bample of the ' defiance' wheat. The oihibit was not entirely freo from rust, but still bore very good grain, ami as having boon the result of two years' cultivation — as a test growth — certainly justified tho expressed determination of tho farmer to put a large quantity of ic into his , -wheat paddocks next season. At about two miles from the last mentioned place hy the road is the . local school buildings, and few would view the really splendid scenery which hero meets the eye without admitting that, cib a picture of mingled beauty an4 sublimity, Austrnlia's wide surface contains . nothing superior of its kind. Viewed from a , slight elevation, sums 2,000 acres of open plain, thickly studded with farnis.is spread out between the gazer and the grand mountains that form a background to tho scene. On one side, the up ward courso of Swan Creek is marked by the long valley it intersects, until, at its head, far awaj in the distance, a giant moss of scrub and pe'ik seems to mingle- with the clouds. To the left, anothor side of Mount Sturt seems to form tho outpost of the lofty range which skirts the creek in that direction. To the right, and ini rued atoly in front, not satisfied with cultivating \- tho open ground, the hand of industry his clothed the mountain Bpurs with fields of cultivation, penetrating oron I ho sorubs, amidst which hero and thore patches of fresh green clearing shine like islands in (lie dark verdure of the surround ing foliaje. From information obtained among the residents in this charming locality I learned that, generally speaking, the wheat crop hud been only a poor one, averaging something about 20 bushels jm acre. At the farm lot Messrs. Kemp, which has been the most pro-: ductive this season of any in tie district, some very nice rumples ofwhe*t wore shown by the owners. AmongBtothcrsafinosampleofthewhito ' defianco ' wln'at was especially noteworthy, both from the sizo of the grain and from the fact that the Btraw - also : shown— exhibited no trace of ru«t whatever, being of a beautiful gold colour. It transpired that the Messrs. Ketnp had obtained 38 .bags- of this wheat this season, as the produce of two peeks' of seed, and . as may ho imagined the growers were somewhat elated \- with their success in this particular. . Appro ciating tho succose, other farmers in the neigh bourhood havo arranged for the purchase ;of some of the wheat under notice as seed for. next season's orop, and all who read this article -will join its writer in the hope that the success of Meesrs. Kemp this Benson will bo repeated . hy the experience of theirccBtomersin the next. As affording avidenco of the coriQdonce enter tained by the residonls in tho wheat-growing capacity of thiB district, it may be interesting to ? stato that one farmer— Mr. W. Lamb — hus in vested over £1,000 sterling in :tho purchase of agricultural machinery of various kinds and excellent' quality. Mr. John Aflleok has ? erected about, tour 'miles up tlie creek from, tho, farms of Mesjra. Kemp and, -Lamb' for ' the purpojo of carrying on; business as a distiller, a building which a pleasant' ride, 'brdugh't into ? view, and it was found that, so far as provision is concerned, it very considerable outlay has . boon incuired.' Conversing with Mi\ Affleck, upon the subject, ho stafod that ho intendpdto go extensivelyinto th'i business, buying grain . from the farmers in tho district, and hoped by 'producing a thoroughly good article to work his way into t&e; good estimation of the Queens land pul'lio. 'Covsidoring tho disadvantages ?which occur from . a position so far removed from the large otmtros of population, and the danger; of corapoling. with tho spirit dealers wlio are interested, in tho trade arising from the imported arliclu, it will be conceded th-'t Mr. Affleck haa shown much courago in his . speculation, , Whother it will Buccoed or not, results must provoj but so far us buildings and applaucos are concorned, ovory possible preparation ^appears to have boen mude: for commencing unsinoss wiihin two or threo ' ... months at the farthort. ,. Mr Affleck hus.ulso ft ' lar^je vineyard of some 28 acrfs in various' stagos of growth. The older -portion,' of tho vinoyarn was found to be in excellent bearing, though muoh in need of attention) but in .this,' . asin other rn'ittore, owing to the difficulty of pro ? '-^ curing Jabour the proprietor's plans of improve' ,-^ merit wore materially impodod. , ' Leaving Swan Creek., with a parting glanbo of admiration at its picturesque environments, ' the next centre of scttlomoot arrived at yiat Emii Vale. ' Though somowhat difforent to ;.. that oE-ti wan Creek the scenery about Emu j Vale is equally flne, and when tho railwayis . ._; 'brought from Warwick to ifs temporary termi v ?'?'-'nus in this locality, wjll suffice to ronder oithor ? ?? ' tha :f;?quest- resort of 'h.lijfij- ; juikers; 'fo. though thore may. bo pretty spots licaror. War- wick, neither in tho noighbourhdbd of that town, nor indebd anywhere iri'southorn Queens land, are so many fcaturosof grandeurand beauty to bo seen united, asbesidothoovorrunningcroeks of tho places named. Some of tho farmers on Emu Vale have been fortunate enough to get good crops of wheat ; among them Mr. Cawloy showed samples of tho ' champion' and ' rod dofianco' wheats, both of excellent quality and perfectly freo from ruBt. With roferenco to (.ho lastnamed varioty, it was stated that from;7 pounds of seed, two bags of grain had bcon tlie harvest yield, and the grower appeared vory sanguine that at last ho had found a wheat to beroliod upon. . . Onward again, over hill and plain, past scrub, fonco, and outlying farm h .uees, to arrivo at tho next settlement, situate on Farm Creek. A short rido in this locality sufficed to show thatof all tho districts mentioned in this article, Farm Creek is about the most unpromising to now settlors. As an illustration of tho arduous labours BOmo times undergono by selectors, it may bo mon tioned that ono farnior in tho district named had clearod and foncod gixtcon acres of heavily timborod forest by himself, without the aid of horso or dray to help him in drawing the fallen timber together, in scrub limd this ie done without much difficulty, because tho timber is comparatively light; but on heavy, forest, whoro tho trees are of great size, the labour required is much greater, and not to bo under taken under the circumstances named unless the worker has a heart of iron to enable-him to ontor on his task. Thfi next district mot with on the road to wards tliD head of the Condamino, is that of Killarney. With the namo o£ Killarnoy every one necessarily associates the idea of Killirney's lake ; but though in wet seasons tho Queens land Killarney is not without its lake, owing to tho fact that such laVo is provided for only by the overflow of tho Condamino, tho absence of such overflow for some years past has de prived the neighbourhood of its often bird haunted sheet of water. But though tho seasons have been unfavourable in this es pecial particular, tho hand of improvement has mido considerable additions to the settlement hereabout wiihin a comparatively recent period, and from what has been done, deopito the difficulties which arise from the cost of tho long carriage necessary to take pro duce to market, tho farmors appear to be able to hold their own with fair success. Ono of the means by which, perhaps, they aro enabled to do 60 occurs from iho eircumBtanco that, being inthe neighbourhood of a good timber country, the timber trado not only gives some of them occasional employment, but furnishes a small local market tor their farm produce. Amoiig other recent additions to thn businoss of Killarney, a vory compact sawmill, owned by Messrs M'Intosh ond Dunugan, deserves especial notice, on account of the fact that at this establishment is to be found, perhaps, the only Canadian bawmill in Northern Queens land. Mado by Wateraus, of Ontario, this machine— which i's of 20 horso-power— appears bo thoroughly efficient, that it is a matter of surprise its merits have not been more gonerally recognised, for while possessing the nicest adaptation to the purposes required, it also saves a great deal of hand labour, which, in these times of labour scarcity, is of importance. Before leaving this district to ascend to the head waters of the Condamino, it may be well to state that the prevailing opinion among those who, by long acquaint ance, are best ar'le to form an opinion, is, that lwd the ontemplated purchase of Can ning Downs been completed the buyers would have made a bad bargain at the figure proposed. This arises from the circumstance that though there is a great de*l of splendid land on the Canning Downs property, thero is also a large tract of country which, in tho words of several persons spoken to on the sub ject, ' is not worth fivo shillings por acre.' Such being the fact, it is easy to under stand wliat chance the buyers would have bad of recouping themselves for the large outlay that -would have been, required in the purchase of the whole. Bidding adieu to the pretty plains which, fit Killarney, form the highest p 'int of agricr'tural settlement on the Condamino river, the road which traverses the long mountain goi'go, down whioh tho infant stream rushes from its source, was found to pass through scenery of the most rugged and fantastic character. From the time the traveller leaves Killarnoy, far away up tho mountains, a narrow gap is visible, be tween the sides of whioh, at the . foot, of an immense precipice called ' Bamloy's Nob,' it is afterwards found the river takes its down wardcourse. Passing through tho narrow gorge and arriving at its eastern point tho track enters on a sloping valley, with a high ridge, on each side, and at tbo spot whore the riyer bed sinks into the deep gorge below looking exactly like a broken dam. 'Ibis appearance is complete, und can scarcely havearisen from any cause other than that atone time, in far-off ages, the sloping valley' mentioned was the bed of a lake, from which tho bursting waters found their way to form tho present bed of the Conda mine.- ? A few-miles further1 brings the traveller to tho foot 'of another still taller mountain, known as Wilson's Peak, and near which; amid the BcrubB that surround it on every band, the fiver finds its birthplace.-'--' '??'-? w.-it' ;' j . IsiBBBSriNG Exphbiiibsts.— The BcAoJof tho 11th instant has tho following: r-' A man out Armidale way has^beon.in trouble with a dog. ? Inferentially it would appear that tho brute was a nuisanco, and divers schemes were laid by its enemies to get rid of it. ' The ownqr,. himself, as will bo presently shown, did his best to extirminate it, but failed;' and tho police finding that he had- registered it under a false' description summoned him. The man being asked what he had to' Bay for hiraBelf, replied, 'That when he registered the dog it was a black one ; but that he gave it a dose of arsenic which had no othor effect than to turn it white.' The Bench do not seem to have believed in this transformation theory, and fined the man. Possibly tho' 'latter was right, and, if so, a curious phenomenon is developed. If giving living' creatures arsenic changes their colour, something might bo done in riosing black boys and removing tho popular prejudice against thoni on the score of colour The query ofthe patriarch, 'Can tlio Ethiopian charigo his skin ?' might bo answered in tho affirmative, 'Yes, by giving him plenty of arsonio.' Tho Arriiidalo man has been fined for effecting that whioh might prove a valuable invontion ; but they are always trying experiments up New England way. Not long ago a r ciontifio Ohina man experimented in the way of Wanting grnnite boulders by drillinga holoinone, filling it with a chargoof nitro glycerine, andhittingtho latter on thoheadwithahiimmer. Ho proved thosuccossof tho expaririierit meroly by tho exhibition of the fragments j but as ho wob personally included amongst thorn ho was not in a condition to de scribe tho modus operandl. His friends, who witnessed it subsequently did that for lain. Thero is, howorer, in this Armidalo man's inV verition, tlio contingency that black : mori' who commit crimeB might destroy their identity by taVing a doso of arsenic. The contingency re mains that they might destroy themselves j but bb this would bo probably satisfactory to the general public thero is no harm in thoir tryipg tho experimont, and it is to be hopod that some black criminal will kindly solve the problem whon ho' finds himself, in straits. '- Ho will, [if all tales bo true, havo no difficulty, in eomo parts of tho territory, in- : meeting with im obliging white brother to supply him with' matoml, especially^ if 'lib fells him -what he wants itfor.'1 ? ???'- ?-'.????'?'?'?'-'; '?.:.'..; . . TnnnE is a haunted house' in Brisbane; ia tho intorosts of, the landlord /we, won't .say. whoro. Tlio' regularity with wlucn'thQ, ghost' walks in that house is 'calculated'td 'fill 'the hosbmof an actor with onyy.','The|' wprst of; it is that tho 'servants -in, I hut house louye' their! BOryicjO Boonor, than' they 'do in othor houses, '.whioh 'is'saying a great'deal. ' Pobddy hiis seen tho' ghost yet; but h-, she; or it oan? be dis tinctly hoard,' although the sound is difforent to' difforont ears. .Tlio ,laU Biddy who tlirew up hor'place in that house, declares she disiinctly heard tlie ghost turning tho mangle Kbw; a ghost that will turn a mangle ought .to bo oncouraged, and a 'place'1 haunted by so practi cal a shade should bo sought for rather than avoidod. We should imagine that as soon as the manglo part of tho story comes to bo known 'there' will bo quite a rush of servants to that houis.— ' Tom Talk 'iu Hie Wcsk, \ . i, 