FLEAS AND THEATBES. A recent discovery in connection vrith. theatres of the cities is roost laughable, ma will result in much fun to andienoee in tbe future, unices some action is taken at once on the part oi managers. It Beems that many of the best theatres of tbe cities have become infested with fleas to such an extent h»+ the little pests _ annoy actors and actresses terribly. It is believed the fleas have been brought to the theatres on the pet dogs of: actresses, and by the dogs used in plays, and they have multiplied and replenished the places of amusement until they are a formid able army. It is said that when a theatre has not had a performance for several days, the fleas become hungry, anil when the next company arrives upon the stage the fleas tales possession of the members too quick. Some-: aver that the fleas are divided off into squads, - each Sooad with a leader, end mdi Dnn.r r. assigned to one particular actor or actress, as the case may be. fleas are no fools, and it wonid not be strange if they had a choice as to which member of a company -.lientd assigned to them. Of course, it is possible that the boas fleas shake dice, to decide which shall have first choice for his squad, yet it may be that fleas are not op to the nraotioe of human bongs, know nothing' of dice,' and- allow brute force to decide - their fate Or go npon the principal of -first come1 first served. While a ilea is not human, we must give the Insect credit for : knowing Hie junme between the taste of a young and 'beautiful nefcreu, and an old man or woman. The flea is no fool, whatever dse may be raod of him, and snyperaon withany bent stall, will tcel for the tender yonng actress whose part to8"W«ltt«jshmBof;aflea. infected theatre, with a low-necked dress, hareanns, or stockings that ore perforated far fashion on the instep, orwhichlinve hot attained their growth as tn height . Iba ( person has gtft mnch beside her ait to attend to,andhernmdmiistbeinm(tantiyo(£iqried in devising means to mash fleas, and not give it away to the andienoe. An actress can, if she feels a flea grazing around in the vicinity of her stomach, suddenly place her hand on her heart, and while the audience is looking at the expression of pain on her face, she can let one or two fingers wander down where the flea is, and paralyze him, and the andienoe will think it is a gesture that is in the play. Bat there are places on every person where a flea might walk arm in arm with another flea, sipping the life blood, and becoming intoxi cated, where no gesture laid down in a play will hit. Understand ns, we mean that a gesture that can be utilized to kill a flea, while, at the same time, doing its work aa a gesture, is admissible. Suppose Mary Anderson, while trying to haul Borneo np to the balcony so she can see if he has been chewing cloves, feels a flea crawling down her back. She can clasp her hands behind her back, and while saying, " Wherefore art thou Borneo," she can everlastingly dig her :i_ ;_L. .1 : e Z. J I'll nmw ihkj uie upenuig ill one i»n», tuiu uu the flea, and the audience would he none the wiser, while if she backed op against the railing and scratched her back on a scene, it would be noticed and commented, on, to her discredit as anastist, and betides' she might pushdown the scenery. Again, if a flea should appear to be exploring the vicinity of her liver, while it would not be admissible for her to create a gesture that would fit the case, she could, by the poetic license that is granted all great geniuses, lean against the railing, on the point where the flea was, and while giving taffy to Borneo, she could make the flea think he had got in the wrong pew. And yet, in that scene, if a few fleas should get amoqgst her stockings, as is almost certain to be the case, Mary would not have any ex cuse, by any act or gesture in the play, to pay any attention to the flea, and she would have to go on with the play and die game. If she is the marble statue that she is represented to be, with no feeling, of course a flea could make no more impression on her than a masher ; bnt all tbe girls on tbe stage are not tuns torn mare, ana sney win oe injured in their profession, by the fleas. In opera, it is different. The costumes are snch that the hunting of fleas is mere pastime. Especially is this the case in the opera of La Somnam- bula, where tbe sleep walker is attired with a candle and a garment-that has always been highly recommended as the proper costume for the pursuit of fleas. It is supposed that actors are impervious to the influence of fleas, but such is not the case. Booth, Barrett, Jefferson and M'Culloch are nervous as women, and we may expect, any evening, to see Booth, as Hamlet, drop his sword and roll down his black tights, while the ghost is telling him the old story, and catch a flea, and crush it between his two thumb nails, poll up his stocking, and tell the ghost that be will go borne and make it red hot for his mother and the uncle who ponred melted sealing-wax in the ghost's ear. In the play of Franceses de Rimini, when Lawrence Barret starts home from the army to kill his brother and bis wife for being too numerous, and he iB all excitement, it would look strange to see him sit down on a stamp and go to catching fleas, before an audience, and yet this is what the stage is coining to, if fleas and dogs are not quarantined. It would look queer to see Jefferson, when be raises np on the stage after the twenty years' sleep, go to hunting round his decayed and mildewed leggings for fleas, and to see M'Cnllough, as Othello, stop on the way to murder Desde- mona, and search for fleas. This wonld be going from the sublime to the ridiculous, and the Sun mentions these possibilities that managers may see what is liable to happen nnle8s they caoBe insect powder to be freely used on the stage, and cause all dogs bronght by actresses to bring a certificate from a D. O. that they are free from fleas. It takes a manager with nerve to stand np before an actress who has gall enough to cany a dog, or one who has married a husband for the purpose of carrying her dog, and complain that the dog or the husband is full of fleas and must be quarantined, but it has got to be done. Let the fleas and dogs go. — -Peck's Sun. 