the blue chamber at OBMESCLIFFE. Two pretty women sat talking by firelight one evening. A tea-table, splendid with old Crown Derby, and a satin cosy embroidered to match cocked on the top of the old silver teapot, stood between them, and the third voiuihb u1 buti 1mb pupulm uuvtu a vkj vu the wolf-skin rag jast where Lynette had dropped it, when even her bright eyes could read no longer. She was a slim, fair-faced girl, with outlines a thought too eharp for pretti- ii ess, alert and sensitive to the finger tips. Her keen, bright face took a dozen varying shades of expression while she spoke as many words ; her hair waved crisply, her eyes were grey, dilating and deepening with the intensity of her mean ing. She was kneeling on the rag tormenting the big barning log in the grate with a toy brass poker, and watching the bine flames and red sparks come and go while she talked. Her sister listened behind her peacock fan, calmly and reasonably, as was her wont. < No marriage can ever be happy,' declared Lynette, in her thin, musical, childish voice, ' without perfect love and trust.' < I think I have heard something like that before,' remarked Mrs. Featberstone, in ber fall contralto. Besides I never disputed the statement, did I ' ' Why, Lola ! Didn't you say that a wife had a right to a man's present and future, but bis past was his own 1' 'Something oftbe kind,' Lola admitted. I also said that it was a queer way of displaying your perfect trust in a man to insist on knowing all his secrets.' \- irust me doe at au, or au in au 1 quoted Lynette, emphatically. ' And a nice position Merlin got into by acting on the advice,' commented Lola. Lynette ehrngged her shoulders, and gave the log a furious blow, sending sparks in showers abont. Lola medita tively stroked the soft plush of her tea- gown with her dimpled, white hand, glancing approvingly at the sparkle of the gema that encrusted it, and then spoke with authority from the depths of her basket chair. ' My dear child, it was a wise woman who said, " Never insist on being yonr husband's fitBt love ; be content if you are sure of being hi6 last." ' ' I would never set eyes on John again If I were not perfectly certain of being the one and the other 1' Lynette replied, her colour rising, and her eyes darkening. 'Oar lives are to be one, with one opinion, one ideal, one eet of tastes and feelings 1 Whose ? Yours or his f And how about yachting!' interposed Mrs. Feather- stone. 'Lola! When yon know I have ordered three yachting suits for my troo9sean — a bine, and a white, and a Galatea ! Of coarse I shall try to go with him. I can but be wretched ; bnt if he's pleased it's all right' ' You are a good little thing, Lynette,' said her sister, affectionately ; ' bnt yon can o rrrppmpnf nn nni n tin nhvRicflllv impossible. I wish yon would admit the principle in all things. It will save a world of disappointment and dispersed illusions.' Lynette's eyes grew dewy, and her lip quivered. ' Let me keep my illusions while I can, then. Yon and Mark may have yonr views of married happiness, John and I would rather come to grief in striving after a high ideal than eueak through life contented with having realised a low one.' Lola was silent. She had never con sciously formed any ideal, and wouldn't have distressed herself by striving after it if she had, on any consideration. She bad a beautiful, well-ordered home ; a pretty year-old baby son ; a kind con siderate husband; and was the hand somest woman in the country. How could her life be possibly improved on ?' ' I beg yonr pardon, Lola !' broke out Lynette impulsively. ' I didn't mean — that is, I didn't think — I oughtn't to have said so to yon. What a blundering, egostistical wretch I am !' Lola's great brown eyes opened wide in ntter bewilderment ; then, following Lynette'e glance across the room, be came enlightened and half-closed their early fringed lids in perfect indifference. A half length portrait hnng on the wall facing the fire. A portrait of a pretty woman, of a certain order of prettiness, tbe sort that curiously enongh is never admitted by other women, however men may find it. Ruddy brown hair, coiled high upon tbe bead, after the fashion of some ten years ago, and rippling acroBS a low white forehead ; long eyes of a bright bine, with half- cloBed, heavy white eyelids ; a small mouth, with full, red lips, and a soft round chin with a dimple like a baby's. ' Did yon think I should be sensitive about Mark's first wife !' Lola asked, amusedly. 'I had forgotten that she ever existed, for the momeDt.' Lynette frowned incredulously. 'I should hate the sight of her. Why do you keep that portrait there, Lola !' 'Because I am so much better looking, my dear — better in every way, and it serves to remind Mark of the fact I like to keep her there in perpetual com parison with me — to her disadvantage.' Lola sat npright and spoke quite animatedly — for her. ' When Mark and I first came home here, he asked me to re-arrange everything as I wished, and I saw him glance at the portrait I knew what he meant, and said directly that I should prefer to leave Lady Mildred there. It would stop unkind tongues, I said, if that was still kept in its place of honour. Mark thought I was an angel, of comae, and agreed. If I fancied he still loved her I would bnrn it this minnte ; bnt as he detests ber memory as cordially as I can wish — keep your place, Lady Mildred !' And Lola waved a salute that was half a menace to her pictured rival, and laughed a low, little langh ; then, rank ing back with her nsnal lazy grace, de manded, ' Some more tea ; not quite so sweet, please, dear.' Lynette was quite accustomed to her sister's sadden outbursts — of -passion, mirth, or devotion, as the -case might be, and poured the tea ont carefully, with her . ears on the alert the while to distinguish and identify a confused sound of voices j and horses' feet without A ring at the bell— ao openipg door — « hoay foot— followed by a light one, on tbe stairs, and the portihre raised and admitted big, burly Mark Feathers tone, followed by a tall dark, bright-eyed yonth, John Langdon Orme. Mark bent over his wife in her downy basket nest. Lynette sprang forward into the embrace of two rough, bine pilot- cloth-coated arms, and pretty Lady Mildred looked down on them from all her canvas with her languishing eyes, a world of cynical meaning in the eternal simper ot her painted lips. Mr. and Mis. Langdon-Orme were at home. The flag floating from the keep of Ormescliffe Castle proclaimed tbe fact to a gratified country. Daring John's minority the place had been let to an nnpopnlar, disreputable family, whose departure was viewed with mnch con tent, giving place, as they did, to a bright genial young couple, with light hearts, and a pocketful of money to spend be tween them. Thev soon bit nn & «n nmmininn way of ridding themselves of a portion of their harden of riches. Ormescliffe Castle was a wonderful and imposing structure, once a stronghold of some im portance ; then a priory, and lastly the residence of a fine old English gentleman with a taste for classic architecture and Italian gardens. There was a magnificent opening for artistic restoration, the only difficulty being wbere to begin. By way of a practical commencement, they had turned an eminent London architect (Mor- gatroyd, R.A., a recognised authority on mediaeval art) loose in the great banquet- iug hall — a sort of apartment suited for a coronation or an agricultural abow, hardly for the daily needs of an English gentleman's household. ' Fm afraid it will take all our lives and all onr money before it can be finished,' John admitted. 'In fact lynette thinks we bad better stop and begin with the rooms we really want at once. Lynette is alwas so practical and prudent.' Lola was accnstomed to being tbe recipient of similar remarks from one or the other of the devoted yonng couple, so she merely signified assent, and he eet off again. 'She looked so handsome, too, last night, didn't she! Not a women to compare with her. 0:d Lord Bilberry said so. The best dancer, and out-and- out the prettiest woman. I heard him — I beg yon pardon, Lola, of coarse you were there : bat yon know Lynette ie yonnger, and — and ' John's sen tence trailed off lamely ; bnt Lola was no whit discomfited. 1 Lord Bilberty Is an old noodle, and blind as yon are, John. Lady Muriel Banks and I are both better looking than Lynette, and I was immeasnrably the best dressed of the three. It would have been a want of proper feeling on yoar part to have noticed it, though.' John looked unconvinced. He went on : ' I came to ask yon a great favour. I am obliged to go up to town to-day. A man has a schooner yacht to sell, and perhaps Lynette may like it better than the Prectoscu Won't yon go to Ormee- clifle, and keep her company 1 I wanted her to come here, bnt she wouldn't, and I can't bear to think of ber all alone np there.' ' Very well,' agreed Mrs Featberstone ; ' bnt when am I to go, and how long am I to etay !' ' I haven't told her, lest she should build upon it and be disappointed ; but I mean to try and get back to dinner. Don't tell her so, for I might not manage it. If not, FU come by the early train to-morrow.' Lola's eyes gleamed with lazy amuse ment. ' I'll take care to raise no false hopes,' she said. ' Mast yoa go now f Good bye.' She watched him ride away down the long beech avenne, made some necessary arrangements for her day and night e absence from home, wrote a line to Mark, bidding bim join ber at Ormescliffe, and was dressing for her drive there when she beheld a pair of pretty chestnut ponies trotting briskly np to the house, driven by a slight blue figure in rather reckless fashion. Two minutes later Lynette tripped in. ' Comiug to me, were yon ! That's very kind of yon : Bat John might have known his wish is law to me, and that of course I should come here, as he sug gested it.' 'Whatever you both like best,'- said Lola, serenely submitting, as usual, to be the shuttlecock of this impulsive yonng couple's arrangements. ' Well, as yon are ready, come along, and FU drive yon,' Lynette decided, and they started. Lynette had certainly improved with marriage ; grown rounder and softer in outline, placider in manner and gentler in speech. But to day there was a raffled look on her face, and a sharp tone in her voice that made Lola look at her once or twice daring the drive in mild interrogation. FeatheiBtonebope lay in a wooded valley, sonny and sheltered ; Ormescliffe Castle on the hill above it, looking sea ward. Beneath it lay St. Bride's Haven, with a tiny fleet of red-sailed fisbing vessels dancing on the waters just out side, and Lynette's graceful rival, the | Predosa moored alongside a little rocky pier, from which a flight of rough steps climbed np the face of tbe cliff to the castle. One horn of the little bay was formed by a low headland, on which stood St. Bride's church, long ago disused, but containing the bniying places of most of the old families aronDd. The air blew fresh and keen as Lynette'e ponies trotted np the ascent that curved ronnd tbe hill, giving constantly-changing views of the mighty walls and towers above. Finally, it led direct to the obnoxious South Front, with its pillored portico and ter race. Lynette eyed the range of win dows, all of a size and one-third blank, with their striped blinds, and tbe geraniums in the vases, that decorated the terrace bains trade with high dis favour. ' Isn't it hideously cockney I Think of having to live a day longer than one can help in a place like that 1 Only lit for kitchens and servants' rooms.' 'You are very comfortably lodged there, I think,' said Lola; 'andl'belieye the Caringhams made the rooms look very handsome j bnt of coarse tbe never ! saw the place in their time.' | What did , they do to be sent to Coventry by everyone F lynette. asked narrieaslv 'Everything' replied Lola, empathically. The men were disreputable, bnt the women were worse, and Lady Mildred wanted to cultivate them ! Fancy Mark's feelings. Fm glad he never gave in to her.' Lynette dropped the subject. Her thoughts were evidently preoccupied, and disagreeably so. Lola good-natnredly did her languid best to divert her; but in vain. She suggested a walk. Lynette was tired. That they would pay some calls after luncheon. Lynette didn't care to go without John. Finally, herocially subduing her own feelings, she expressed a desire to see how the restor ations were going on. Lynette brightened for a moment. 'The Banqueting Hall will be done next week, as far aa we mean to go. The pictures are home again, ready to go op, and we have yearly decided on the fire shovel. The designs for the poker and tongs came yesterday. So much depends on detail,' Lynette sighed ; 'and John's idea was to get the fireplace complete first, as it is a feature and a necessary. Chairs and tables can wait — besides, I'm tired of it alii' Lola raised her eyebrows slightly. ' I'm longing to get to onr own part, where we are to live. Nearly everything is Bettled, and John and I were to have gone over the last few rooms to-day with Mr. Morgatroyd's pupil, Mr. Bell, who is down here, so that everything might be settled this week 1 and now this horrid yacht comes in the way and wastes two days!' Lynette poshed her plate from her impatiently. ' I offered to go over them myselfi bnt John wouldn't hear of it ; declared I most not. They are the rooms he had when he came home from college and the Caringhams left, and he eays he won't let Mr. Bell overhaul tbe place with- ' Never mind ; let as see the great hall,' said peace-making Lola; 'John most have some good reason.' ' He says the staircase is unsafe ; but I don't believe it,' Lynette answered, rebellionsly. Lola declined farther dis cussion, and followed her silently from the inhabited south front to the central part of the building, where a noise of hammering and sawing, of workmen's tramping feet and gruff voices, indicated the scene of the restorations. Lynette opened a door, and they fonnd themselves In a great vaulted space large enongh for a cathedral, where the workmen looked like so many bees as they swarmed on high scaffoldings, toiled with their loads up and down tali ladders, or clung aboat the clastered capitals of the pillais. The fireplace, in which an ox might almost have been roasted whole, was indeed a feature, and seated in its cavernons depths, carefully copying a piece of old iron work, was a yonng man in a dusty velvet coat, with dishevelled hair. He rose and came forward as they entered. May I ask, has Mr. Orme decided about those rooms !' ' Not yet,' answered Lynette, hesitat ingly. ' I have jast had a telegram from Mr. Mnrgatroyd. He hopes to get down here to-night, and I should have liked to be in readiness for him,' said the young fellow, with a dissatisfied air. '1 will eee what I can do,' replied Lynette, hurriedly. ' Do yon mind coming back, Lola.' Lola did not object ' Send Mrs. Wygram to me,' Lynette eaid to a servant they passed on their way back to tbe pretty morning-room. A sedate, motherly woman in black silk appeared. ' I want the keys of the North Tower, Mrs. Wygram.' Yes, madam ; I will briog them directly; all bat the key of the Blue Room, as we used to call it Mr. Orme keeps that himself' ' Ah, then, I can get it ; I shall not want the test.' The good woman looked disturbed. ' I do hope, madam, you will excuse me — but you won't think of goiog there yourself !' ' Why not!' asked Lynette, imperiously. 'Mr. Orme's orders were imperative that no one should attempt to go there. They aren't safe, indeed, madam.' I shall do as I think fit,' was all the reply vouchsafed to Mrs. Wygram, who withdrew, looking nnntterable things. Don't be a goose, Lynette,' began Lola — to empty air, for Lynette had fled. Up the stairs, through her own room to John's aressing-ruuui rail t.ue oauguiiy gin. mere stood John's mighty old-feahioned bnrean, with its drawers and pigeon-holes and sliding panels Lynette had the keys of them alL Her courage cooled as she peeped and pried, first in one place and then in another, and she was jast prepared to give np her disobedient project when she came opon the key. .It was a big rnsty affair, labelled and wrapped in one of Jobn'a silk handkerchiefs, with two smaller ones. She seized the bundle and ran, without giving herself time to think. Back across the broad landing ehe sped, down a long dark corridor, through a locked door of an unnsed room, and so through a boarded opening into the dilapidated central pile. She was in a sort of gallery, giving glimpses of the sea through arched openings, ending in the spiral staircase'of the North Tower. She paused for a moment before ascend ing to look askance down the deep gloomy shaft which ended, she knew, in a door openiDg on the face of the cliff many feet below ; then tightly tan np to a landing, from which one door opened. The key turned easily in the lock, and she flung open the door of a silent, mouldy-smelling chamber, lighted by a stream of dusty snn- ; ligbt pouring in through an nncleaned lattice window. There was not mnch for it to shine on. A tall and gaunt bedstead, stripped of hangings and bedding, an empty ward robe with half-abut drawers, a toilet table, the glass dim with a veil of dust, and a green mass that once had been a candle- end in one of the sockets. That was all, except a print of John's college over the mantle-piece. Nothing alarming, and yet Lynette felt scared and uncomfortable. She made a pretence to herself of bring buBy, lifted daintly ber pretty gown from contact with the floor, and paced the room carefully. ' Fifteen feet ; a very good length. We might make it to open on the North Corridor, 1 shonld think. Now for the width.' The room was panelled in a pinky grey, with brown mouldings. The panels were of all shapes and sizes, so she was hardly surprised, after pacing across from the door she had entered, to find herself in front of a second. The tight streamed through its keyhole and caught her attention. She stood irresolute for a moment tod then tried one of the two remaining keys, a small steel one, that looked as if it might belong to a patent lock ; the third key was a tiny gold or gilted toy. The door creaked stiffly and ominously, Lynette thought. She might as well go on, however. It was only a large, light closet after all, Jnst big enough to hold a chair and table, over which hung a portrait. Ah ! A portrait evidently an enlarged and tinted photograph of a beautiful, smiling woman in a fantastic dress, looking straight at Lynette with bold, triumphant eves : eves that she knew too well, noor child ; the eyes of Lady Mildred. She eat shivering and bewildered in the dusty velvet chair, looking at them in return with the face of piteous enquiry. The table underneath held a vase, and a large casket of gold and eoamel of exquisite foreign workmanship. Still looking into the crnel bine eyes of her rival, Lynette rose, and mechani cally fitting the tiny gold key into the lock, turned it, and raised the lid. A strong, rich perfume still hnng about the quilted satin lining ; within were some few letters tied with a blue ribbon. Lynette touched them with aversion, and dropped them as her eyes caught some of the words, scrawled in an untidy, school-girl hand on the most gorgeous of note-paper. A long, soft lock of red- brown hair lay beneath them and a tiny velvet shoe. She looked no farther, but, closing the lid with a bang, flung herself on the floor, crying angrily, miserably, hopelessly. The sun got round to her window, and passed it before she could check the storm of jealous despair that possessed her. She raised herself at last all tear-stained and soiled, and looked at her pretty slender hand with fonr cruel little wonnds where she had bitten it to prevent her- wit otutcfriug ut guiug tutu uyatci'Mt ' What will John say !' she thought. 'John! I can never see him again, I would die sooner.' She was not to be allowed tbe choice, however, and rose weary and spent with passion. Lady Mildred's cruel eyes followed her to the door. She locked it, and then the door ot the bed-room, and Blowly and painfully made her way down tbe dusky stairs. Her dress caught somehow, her foot slipped, and she fell heavily forward against tbe rotting banister. It cracked nnder her weight, gave way, and fell crashing down some thirty feet into the darkness, while she saved herself by asndden jerk and grasped at a sounder part of the rail. She was not to be taken at her rash word, and sick and giddy she crept down the rest of the stairs. A splinter of wood had torn her band, though she did not notice it, and the blood dropped on her gown and the handkerchief that held the keys when she stooped to pick it np. She sped on to the inhabited part of the house, hoping to gain her room unobserved. ' Lynette ! Where are you !' she heard Lola calling. ' Here is John coming home, Lynette !' Lynette rnehed to replace the keys in the bnrean, then to her room, where she came fall npon astonished Lola in search of ber. No wonder Lola opened her fine eyes. Lynette's pretty bine gown was smirched and blood-spotted, her hair doBtv and dishevelled, her cheeks flashed and tear- streaked. But Lola had the gift of accepting a situation without needless comment, and when Lynette gasped, 'John coming! Oh, help me P instead of exclaiming or ringing for the maid, she tore off the soiled gown, and thrust it out of sight, poured out a basinfull of cold water with a dash of ean-de-cologoe in it, and brushed and knotted np the fleece of tight hair that fell over her sister's shoulders, thenjplaced herself coolly at the window to report events. ' I made John out with a field- glass coming down the hill from tbe station,' she said, ' and Mark's dog-cart on tbe Featherstonbope road. Yes ; there's John just coming ont of the shrubbery ; he is taking the short cat.' Lynette finished bathing her face, and looked np wildly. 'What can I do! What will he say i' ' Yon had better dress for dinner at once,' said Lola, calmly. ' Let me get your gowo out The black Spanish lace! Yea ; while you do your hair properly. John is coming over the field now, and someone after him.' ' Oh, who is it I and where is Mark ! LLC VUdffW Ml UfClMUhB tfUUIIt ' I can't see. A flock of sheep on the road are raising such a cloud of dust Ah 1 there is the dog-cart ; John will be here first, though.' ' Oh, look again, Lola, do ! Is no one else coming Y said Lynette, clasping on her amber necklace in frantic baste. 'Yes ; the other man, Mr. Mnrgatroyd. I know his buff overcoat He will soon be np to John. Let me put your roses on for yon. What an exquisite Marshal Niel!' 'There, there ! Tell me where they are now,' ' Just at the door, all together.' Lynette 1 Lynette 1' sounded through the hall in John's cheery tenor. ' Ran down, dear, if yon wish to meet him before Mark and Mr. Murgatroyd come in.' ' But I don't 1' cried Lynette des perately. There was a eonnd of many voices and greetings in the ball below, and Lynette swept down the staircase to meet her husband with the decorum made obli gatory by the presence of others, while Lois, wondering greatly, departed to dress as the first dinner-bell was clanging noisely from the turret above. She wondered more at dinner ; Lynette sat between Mark and the eminent R. A., talking, laughing, and looking prettier than ber sister bad ever imagined possible. John was nnosually silent, and once when the north rooms were mentioned shot a questioning glance at the rasters, un noticed by his wife, and received with serene incomprehension by Mrs. Feather- stone. Lynette was silent and moody in the drawing-room alone with her raster. 'Lola,' she asked, suddenly, 'tell me abont Lady Mildred. You promised you would once.' Lola looked perplexed. 'It's not an edifying story, dear. She married Mark for his money. She told him so afterwards, end made herself as uncomfortable a wife as a man conld have : fast, extravagant; bad- tempered. She had a sort of way with her that men admired, and she gave ont that Mark was hard on her. I believe she flirted to the verge of impropriety, bnt did, manage to atop there; at least, there never was any actual ihs djgg,' 'Then there was a story !' demanded Lynette, her face concealed by her fen. ' Only suppositions at most. Mark was in Paris when the old bntler wrote to him to come back at once. He did so, and found her ill with what proved to be typhus fever. He named her, let no one go near her bnt the London norse besides himself. She died a week after, quite unconscious. She arid queer things in her delirium, and servants have ears, and will talk ; besides, the batter's letter was written before ber illness was known. Her trnnks were all nacked. her maid did not know why ; and a lector or two came to the house for her that Mark read and burned on the spot. He is very forgiving, is Mark. He would not let her be buried with his people in Feather- stone church, bnt at midnight she was carried ont to the vanlt of St. Bride's, with no one bnt Mark to follow her.' Lynette looked gloomily across the bay to the headland, dark against tbe moonlight sea, where the rained charch ntill afcnnd - n luiil- tnirlr far the tinker men. ' Who was he Y she asked pre sently in a dry, cracked voice. ' Some yonng fellow with lots of money, yonnger than herself, I only know from chance goBBip. No one ever heard tbe whole story.' ' Good-night, Lola,' and Lynette sprang np hurriedly. ' Ask them to excuse me. My head is acbing miserably, and Mr. Mnrgatroyd will want to play billiards bait the night.' Lola kissed her fondly, and saw her depart with dire misgivings. I must speak to John before I sleep, Lynette was saying to herself. ' He enspects something ; I know his fees so well. He has seen the keya Ob, I mast hear the full troth now, bnt it will kill me,' ehe sobbed. She had dismissed her maid, and, wrapped in her dreasiog-gown, sat trembling in the moon-light awaiting John's coming. She heard him stirring softly, die fancied, in bis dressing-room, bnt he never came. Midnight came and passed. One clanged from the clock tower, then two. Lynette started from an nneasy doze. Her room was in dark ness, the house sank in tomb-like stillness. Where was John! She listened at his door, then entered softly. Silence and emptiness. No trace of him, except that from Ms window she conld see across the great black mass of building a glimmering light. It shone from the bine chamber of the deserted north tower. She was too crashed and hopeless to weep again. She conld only give a feint protesting- little moan, and sink into her chair and sleep. Such sleep 1 More painfnl and wearying than honrs of watching. Snch dreams ! playing with her great misery as with a toy, showing it to ber now in one light, now in another ; now as a jest, now as a dread, formless, over-shadowing horror. She was laughing, crying, dancing dress ing, goiDg through scene after scene, fantastic or commonplace, bnt always alone. There was no John in the world and ehe woke with a bitter cry to fiod her head resting on his shonlder and his arm round her waist. ' Oh 1 John, my John, what do I care if yon have had a hundred Lady Mildreds for yonr first loves, if you will but keep me your last !' Wntr nntl era riMominn mr nnns little darling,' said John, langhing ; ' and no wonder 1 I thought you were in bed hoars ago, when I listened at the door and fonnd all still and dark.' Lynette roused herself to look at him by the grey light of the morning. He was in a rough yachting suit, his should ers were dusty, and his hands smoked and grimy. ' I've had a dirty job to do, ' he said, apologetically,' and it had to be finished to-night I never thought T Bhonld be so long abont it, though. T say, Lynette, I'm awfully bnngry, and T don't know how to get any breakfast except by going down to tbe yacht for it' ' Do ,' cried Lynette, ' and take me. I shan't sleep any more this morning.' John departed to ' clean himself,' while Lynette hurried into a blue serge dress, and was ready as soon as he was. They stole ont of their rooms and down the corridor to tbe forbidden region. Lynette shuddered as they came upon the staircase with its broken rail. A rush of cold air and grey light came up from somewhere below, and tbe head of John's factotum, the steward of the Predosa, was seen ascending to their leveL ive Drought the boat round sir. ' Got the cord and weights !' Here sir.' ' All right. Wait here till I call yoa. Will you come with me for a minute or two, dear ! The stair is quite safe close to thewalL' He helped her up, testing carefully each step with his own full weight before he let her venture on it. ' Did you know I had been here before, John !' ehe took courage to whisper.' 'I guessed it; look here;' and he opened, his hand, showing the tiny gold key. ' I found this, all messed with blood, where yon had dropped it, and' that told the story.' Were you angry Y ' Angry ! My darting ! As if I had room in my heart for anything but thankfulness that yon were saved to me,' and he stopped to give her a mighty hug. The Bine Room door stood open. A tremendous litter was on the hearth ; blackened scraps of paper, pieces of broken glass, and a particularly evil smell was in tbe air. Lynette turned pale, and sat down on the first chair, and John cleared hiB throat, and seemed singularly wanting in his accnstomed readiness ot speech. ' Yon see, dear — I ought to tell you eveiytbing, you know. ' It's a nasty story — I didn't care to bother yon with it before -I conld help — but Murgatroyd coming, yon see.' Here John ran agroand. Aboat Lady Mildred Y suggested Lynette; in a hard, forced tittle voice. 'Exactly so, said John, floated off again. I knew her, yon see, when I was home for the holidays, and thought no end of her. She 'was so sweet, so gracious, so unhappy. Something be tween aqneen and a saint in my juvenile eyes. I made np lots of romances about her, till one day, when they all broke down. I was here a good deal Spencer Caringham and I were school friends, and one Easter I fonnd Ponsonby Caring- ham at home — an awful scamp he was. Spencer told me no end of queer stories about his brother, and one day one about Lady Mildred, for wHch I gave the poor beggar a licking there and then. That night, however, Ponsonby tried to get me to take a note to Featheretonehope, and then I saw it was all true, and went inok to school disgusted, and bcUeripg all things against all women— except my own little sweetheart. Then I heard of ber death, and that ehe was to be buried like a pauper or a suicide ! I don't know what put the romantic notion into my head that I, at least, would show her honour, I got away unobserved caught a night train, and arrived at St. Bride's charch just in time to see Mark Featherstone leaving. ' The vault was already boarded np. I had brought a wreath of wild flowers, so I jast laid it at the closed door and was coins. when X came full on Ponsonby Caringham looking tike a ghost in the moonlight. He went on like a madman, raved, and tried to tear down the board ing of the vault, and at last flnng himself on the grass before it, crying like a child. ' Did yon bring that, Orme !' he asked, pointing to the wreath. 'Yon are a good little fellow. She always liked you.' I got away from him at last, and back without detection. Some time after I got a letter from Ponsonby, enclosing two keys. He was going abroad, into the Turkish service, and he left these rooms in my care, begging me to destroy his treasured relics when occasion required. And a tough job it has been,' ended Johu, stretching himself. ' A whole case filled with things nnder that table, and a por trait and letters. I burned and smashed all I conld, and now Fm going to dtown the rest before we go to the yacht Hallo, Duncan 1' The grizzled head of the old sailor appeared in the doorway in answer to the call. 'Jast fasten up and weigh that, will yon,' pointing to a canvas-covered bundle on the floor. ' Now, Lynette.' They made their way in shy silence down the treacherous staircase to its lowest depth, where a door opened out on the face of the cliff There was a pakU) uuu ouiuu nwoyo uunu «w vuv harbour where the yacht's boat was in waiting. 'Do yon see that big rook jnst nnder St. Bride's church!' John said. ' They say there is a fathomless depth of water there.' John took the oars, and Lynette steered carefully out to the rocky head land. The cliffs rose black and grim, there was a great silence on the grey, cold sea, and she ehivered as she took the oars while John lifted the heavy handle and lowered it over the side as gently aa he. could. Down, down it went into the cold, dark water, with a sudden splash and a wMrl of foam-bells ; and the boat, after one great rock, shot out merrily from the chill shadow into the first rays of the level sun. Lynette's heart gave one great bound in accord. John's kind eyes were smiling on her, the last vestige of her folly at the bottom of the sea, the world all fresh and glowing in the warm beams of the new day's snn. Was there ever snch a happy little woman aince the first son shone ! Lola looked from her window an hour or two later. ' Why, Mark ! I might have Bpared myself a night's anxiety aboat those yonng people. Look over there. If they havn't been out boating before breakfast! — Oh, Mark, I wonder,' sighed Lola, stirred for a moment ont of . her satisfied repose, ' If yon and I were as ypnng, should we be as blissfully foolish as they are r ' I don't know that we should,' re plied Mark, prosaically. ' Bnt they may think themselves lucky when they are as old as we are if they are half as happy 1' 