DEMAND FOE SHORTHORNS. Mr. William Wnrfield, in a series of orliclca on Kentucky shorthorns in the columns of Iho National hive Stock Journal (Chicago), makes tho following remarks on tlio character of tho existing denwnd fo? shorthorns in the United States generally, and in Kentucky in particular One of tho most striking clmrac toristics'of llio new period is, in fact, a steady 'demand on Kentucky from all parts of tho United States, for good steeling short. I horns-of good breeding, and at remunera* tiro prices. Tho other characteristics of tho opening nonod, so far as they can bo forecast, appear to bo as follows(1) A lendency •towards steady healthiness in the trade. This is evidenced many wnys, but especially in the character of onimols nought, the steady medium proaerrcd in prices offered, and the constant demand for young bulls in excoss of heifers called for. If shorthorns are good for anything, they must be good for farmers beasts, at formers' prices, and to grade up nativo stock j and Iho trado is healthiest whon it is such as to look to Ihoso otids. it 1 has, at present, tho appearance of running in ■ these channels. (2) A tendency to break away from, fancy, and to gravitate towards ' beef.' Nothing in the eigns of tho times is I more marked than this, and nothing is more i hopeful. Before 1877, for a few years, tbo ' best of animals could bo sacrificed by simply ! passing around the sale ring the whisper, I "Her pedigree is not oil right,' by which ' was tncant, perhaps, only an unrecorded bull, 1 fifteen or twenty generations back. I have ! seen a whole herd of the highest' excellence so sacrificed. Now, all this seems unchanged. Men then wore ao sensitive to fancy that beef counted nothing with thciu ; individual and family eicollonco was as nought to tho fear that something might not bo all right with tho papor, any distance back. Clearly, it was fashion they were dealing in, not cattlo. I Now men want cattle, and cxerciso a little common sense about pedigrees. "Panic fear" hns no longer her grasp on thorn ; thoy laugh at tho " flaws" (which are no flaws) now which once were terrific ghosts in their ■ path. Tbero is sense in this new attitude, and being sense, there is hope. When mm once malic up their minds to treat all fancy as ao much emptiness, and beef »3 the one sine qua lion, the future of Shorthorns is made. (3). A tendency to treat Shorthorns as Shorthorns, and allow no paper-made aris tocracy among them. The names of the great old breeders have been, in times past, used to conjure with by such as would wish to hinder this tendency. Now men have found out that tho old breeders themselves allowed no aristocracy, and if they would follow their example, or hope to reap ripe fruits, they must also away with it. Men seem now more than for many years to be seeking Shorthorns, not families. Who can say how much of hope lies wrapped up in this one fact. (4). A tendency to draw away from the leadership of foolish fashion in little matters, as e.f/., in colour, &c.;, and to look at each animal from a practical standpoint. The; agricultural Press, is full of protests against tlioso foolish fashions—fashions made by nobody, kept up only by panic fear, and ueeding only grit and union to break entirely, .and buyors aro paying less attention to -tlvem; This is also a sign of the times full of hope. " • ' The Paris Ojnnione gives a lamentable des cription of tho miserable condition of the smaller landowners in Sardinia, and of tho grievous ' effects of the burdensome taxes levied on rich and poor alike, and falling with crushing weight on the many small properties which yield barely sufficient for tho commonest needs of the tenants. In the town and district of Alghero alone there have boon, during the past year, 110 fewer than 483 evictions for unpaid taxes. Execu tions were first levied on movables, but the value being insufficient to cover the amount of arrears, the lands were taken and sold by auction. Cases of evictions ave common throughout the island, notwithstanding the increased commercial activity created by the railways and. the working of the mines. Some districts, however, liavb suffered, in stead of gaining. Alghero, especially, like Ravenna on the mainland,; has been cut ofl by tho introduction of railways, which have carried tho stream of progress in other di rections,'and left her isolated. : -: Tick ease against the captain of the Pathan goes far (says the Echo) to strengthen the already strong impression that the precau tions supposed to be taken in England; for the protection of passengers' interests aro of little valnc. Assisted emigrants aro inspected (so the Agent-General says) by a doctor before thoy go 011 board. From other sources wo learn that the inspection is practically a matter of form. Iu the case of the Pathan, the captain is convicted and fined here for failing to supply the passengers with pure water and sweet and wholesome provisions. Their bread and their potatoes were unfit for humau food. But tho whole of the provisions were passed by tho immigration surveyor before the vessel left London. It seems clear that unless the law throw responsibility upon tlio captain and exposed liim to ponalties in such cases tho passengers' interests would be unprotected. The surveyor's inspection gave 110 protection in this instance, at any rate. What, then, is tho use of it ? Perhaps in this case, whilst it did 110 good, it actually did harm. For anything that appears to the contrary, the captain trusted to tho surveyor, and was deceived. It may seem a hardship under such circumstanccs for the captain to have to pay a fiuc of .J-'SO ; but the elfect will probably be to make him less confiding in surveyors'inspections in future. It is well that captains should be taught that they must personally take care of their passengers' interests If they would protect their own. It would have been more satisfactory in this instance if the evidence in support of the charge given by the surgeon in cross-cxaniina tion had been given under dilVerent circum stances. " 'This gentleman was called as a witness for the defence/ Would it have been a remarkable thing if he had boon the first to conic forward and expose the wrong 1 Ho • was ill sonio sense the guardian of the pas 1 sensors' interests. AVe copy from tho J'Jttropi'aii 2[ail of Juno 29' tho following extraordinary paragraph respecting Dr. Vaughau : — 1' Archbishop 1 Vnuglmn, of Now Zealand, who arrived in 'San Francisco in May, en route to Europe, I was ontcrtninod a good (leal among the Catholic iresidonts of that city,' several very handsome dinners taking plneo in his honour. On May 27 ho preached in St. Mary's Cathe dral to an'ijnmenso congregation, and in'_ the i evening was present at a reception, given specially for him by Mrs. Tooliey, which ) lasted till far 011 in tho next morning. His Kevercnce has sinco arrived in Home to j assume tho robo of a Cardinal.1,1 The school of the nobles in Tokio, Japan, I has, in tho court behind the school building, a physical map of that country between three and four luuidved feet long. It is made of turf niul rock, and is bordered with peb bles, which looks at a littlo distance much liko water. Every inlet, river, and moun tain is reproduced in this model with a fidelity to detail which is simply, wonderful, latitude, and longitude are indicated by telegraph wires, and tablets show tho posi tion of tho cities. Ingenious devices aro employed in illustrating botanical studies also. For example, the pine is illustrated by a picture showing the cone, leaf, and dis sected flower, sot iu a framo which shows the bark and longitudinal mid transverse sections of tho wood. Flies and Bugs, beetles, insects, roaches, ants, bed-bugs, rats, mice, gophers, jack rabbits, cleared out by " Kough on Rots." 7Jd. Moses, Moss & Co., Sydney, General Agents.—Advt, Mother dwan's Worm Syrup.—Infallible, tasteless, harmless, cathartic ; for feverish ness, restlessness, worms, constipation. Is. aiosc3, Moss & Co., Sydney, General Agents. —ADvr. Wells' "Kough on Corns."—Ask for Wells' 11 Rough 011 Corns. " 7id. Quick re lief, complete, permanent cure,' Corns, warts, bunions. Moses, Moss & Co., Sydney,. General Ageuts.—Advt. Motukbs Don't Know/—How many chil dren are punished for being uncouth, wilful and indifferent to instructions or reward simply becauso they are outof .health'! An intelligent lady said of a child of this kind ; " Mother don't know that she could givo tho little one moderate doses of Hop Bitters for two or three weeks, and the child would be all a parent could deairo." Look far.—Advt. A LovelV Ciiavlet.—A lato fashion re port says : "Nothing can bo pretter thau a clianlet of hop vines in blossom. " A rccent mcdical review says: Nothing can be a better renovator of the health thau Hop Bit ters. They aid in all tho operations of nature ; toning up tho weak stomach, as sisting the food to becomo properly assimi lated, and promote healthy action iu all tho organs. Tho dictates of fashion, as well as tho laws of health, alike favour a right ap plication of hops. " l'oaij.—Advt, 