CHILDREN'S CORNER A Farewell Appearance. A DOG STORY FOR CHILDREN. (continued from last issue.) BY F. ANSTEY, in Longman's Magazine. A FEW days after that Dandy made acquaintance with his strange fellow- performers. The men had put the show up on a deserted part of a common near London, behind the railings of a little cemetery where no one was likely to interfere with them, and the new Toby was hoisted up on the very narrow and uncomfort able shelf to go through his first interview with Mr. Punch. When that popular gentleman appeared at his side Dandy examined him with pricked and curious ears. He was rather odd- looking, but his smile, though there was certainly a good deal of it, seemed genial and encouraging, and the poor dog wagged his tail in a conciliatory manner—he wanted some one to be kind to him again. "The dawg's a fool, Jem," growled Bob, the other proprietor of the show, a little shabby dirty-faced man with a thin and ragged red beard, who was watching the experiment from the outside: " he's a-waggin' his bloomin' tail —he'll be a-lickin' of Punch's face next! Try him with a squeak." And Jem produced a sound which was a hideous compound of chuckle, squeak, and crow, when Dandy, in the full persuasion that the Btrange figure must be a new variety of cat, flew at itblindly. But though he managed to get a firm grip of its great hook nose, there was not much satisfaction to be got out of that—the^ hard wood made his teeth ache, and besides, in his excitement he overbalanced himself and came suddenly down upon Mr. James Blott inside, who swore horribly and put him up again. Then, after a little highly mysterious dancing up and down, and wagging his head, Mr. Punch, in the most uncalled-for manner, hit Dandy over the head with a stick (in order, as Jem put it, "to get up a ill-feeling between thercO, a wanton insult which made the dog madder than ever. He did not revenge himself at once: he only barked furiously and retreated to his corner of the stage; but, the next time Punch came sidling cautiously up to him, Dandy made, not for his wooden head, but for a place between his shoulders which he thought looked more yielding. There was a savage howl from below, Punch dropped in a heap on the narrow shelf, and Mr. Blott sucked his finger and thumb with many curses. Mr. Punch was not killed, however, though Dandy had at first imagined he had settled him. He revived almost directly, when he proceeded to rain down such a shower of savage blows from his thick stick upon every part of the dog's defenceless body that Dandy was completely subdued long before bis master thought fit to leave off. By the time the lesson came to an end, Dandy was sore and shaken and dazed, for Jem had allowed himself to be a little carried away by personal feeling; still it only showed Dandy more plainly that Mr. Punch was not a person to be trifled with, and, though he liked him as little as ever, he respected as well as feared him. . Unfortunately for Dandy, he was a highly intelligent terrier, of an inquiring turn of mind, and so, after he had been led about for some days with the show, and was able to think things over and put them together, he began to suspect that Punch and the other figures were not alive after all, but only a particularly ugly set of dolls, which Mr. Blott put in motion in some way best known to himself. From the time he was perfectly certain of this he felt a degraded dog indeed. He had scorned once to allow himself to be even touched by Angelina (who at least was not unpleasant to look at, and always quite inoffensive): now, every hour of his life he found himself ordered about and insulted beforo a crowd of shabby strangers by a vulgar tawdry doll, to which he was obliged to be civil and even affectionate—as if it was something real I Dandy was an honest dog, and so, of course, it was very revolting to his feelings to have to impose on the public in this manner; but Mr. Punch, if he was only a doll, had a way of making himself obeyed. And though in time the new Toby learnt to perform his duties respectably enough, he did so without the least enthusiasm : it wounded his pride—besides making him very uncom fortable—when Punch caught hold of his head, and something with red whiskers and a blue frock took him by the hind legs, and danced jerkily round the stage with him. He hated that more than anything. Day by day he grew more miserable and homesick. He loathed the Punch and Judy show and every doll in it, from the hero down to the ghost and the baby. Jem and Bob were not actually unkind to him, and would even have been friendly had he allowed it; but he was a dainty dog, with a natural dislike to ill-dreßsed and dirty persons, and shrank from their rough if well-meant advances. He never could forget what he had once been, and what he was, and often, in the close sleeping-room of some com mon lodging-house, he dreamed of the comfort able home he had lost, and Hilda's pretty imperious face, and woke to miss her more than ever. At first his new masters had been careful to keep him from all chance of escape, and Bob led him after the show by a string ; but, as he seemed to be getting resigned to his position, they allowed him to run loose. He was trotting tamely at Jem's hee's one hot August morning, followed by a small train of admiring children, when all at once he became aware that he was in a street he knew well he was near his old home—a few minutes' hard run and he would be safe with Hilda 1 He looked up sideways at Bob, who was beating his drum and blowing his pipes with Yds eyes on the lower and upper windows. Jem's head was inside the show, and both were in front and not thinking of him just then. Dandy Btopped, turned round upon the un washed children behind, looked wistfully up at them as much as to say " Don't tell," and then bolted at the top of his speed. There was a shrill cry from the children at onoe of "Oh, Mr. Punch, sir, please—your dawg't a-runain' away from yer r and angry calla to return from the two men. Bob even made an attempt to pursue him, but the drum was too much in his way, and a small dog is not easily caught at the best of times when ho takes it into his head to run away. So he gave it up sulkily. Meanwhile Dandy ran on, till the shouts behind died away. Once an errand boy, struck by the parti-coloured frill round tbe dog's neck, tried to stop him, but he managed to slip past him and run out into the middle of the road, and kept on blindly, narrowly escaping being run over several times by tradesmen s carts. And at last, pantingand exhausted, he reached the well- remembered gate, out of which he had marched so defiantly, it seemed long ages ago. The railings were covered with wire-netting inside, as he knew, but fortunately some one had left the gate open, and he pattered eagerly down the area steps, feeling safe and at homo at last. The kitchen door was shut, but the window was not, and, as the sill was low, he contrived to scramble up somehow and jump into the kitchen, where he reckoned upon finding friends to protect hira. But he found it empty, and looking strangely cold and desolate; only a small fire was smouldering in the range, instead of the cheerful blaze he remembered there, and he could not find the cook —an especial patroness of his—anywhere. He scampered up into the hall, making straight for the morning- room, where he knew he should find Hilda curled up in one of the armchairs with a book. But that room was empty too—the shutters were up, and the half- light which streamed in above them showed a dreary state of confusion : the writing-table was covered with a sheet and put away in a corner, the chairs were piled up on the centre table, the carpet had been taken up and rolled under the sideboard, and there was a faint warm smell of flue and dust and putty in the place. He pattered out again, feeling puzzled and a little afraid, and went up the bare stone stair case to find Hilda in one of the upper rooms, perhaps in the nursery. But the upper rooms, too, were all bare and sheeted and ghostly, and, higher up, the stairs were spotted with great stars of whitewash, and there were ladders and planks on which strange men in dirty white blouses were talking and joking a great deal, and doing a little whitewashing now and then, when they had time for it. Their voices echoed up and down the stairs with a hollow noise that scared him, and he was afraid to venture any higher. Besides, he knew by this time somehow that Hilda, her father and mother, all the friends he had counted upon seeing again, would not be found in any part of that nouse. It was the same house, though sadly stripped and deserted, but all the life and colour and movement had gone out of it; and he ran here and there, seeking for them in vain. He picked his way forlornly down to the hall again, and there he found a mouldy old woman with a duster pinned over her head and a dust-pan and brush in her hand; for. unhappily for him, the family, servants and all, had gone away some days before into the country, and this old woman had been put into the house as caretaker. She dropped her brush and pan with a start as she saw him, for she was not fond of dogs. "Why, deary me," she said morosely, "if it hasn't give me quite a turn. How ever did the nasty little beast get in ? a-gallivantin' about as if the 'ole place belonged to him!" Dandy sat up and begged. In the old days he would not have done such a thing for any servant below a cook (who was always worth being polite to), but he felt a very reduced and miserable little animal indeed just then, and he thought she might be able to take him to Hilda. But the charwoman's only idea waa to get rid of him as quickly as possible. " Why, if it ain't a Toby dawg 1" she cried, as her dim old eyes caught sight of his frill. " Here, you get out, you don't belong 'ere !" And she took him up by the scruff of the neck and went to the front door. As she opened it a sound came from tho street outside which Dandy knew only too well: it was the long drawn squeak of Mr. Punch. "Thats where he come from, 111 bet a penny," cried the caretaker, and she went down the steps and called over the gate, "Hi, master, you don't happen to have lost your Toby dawg, do you? Is this him?" The man with the drum came up—it was Bob himself; and thereupon Dandy was igno miniously handed over the railings to him, and delivered up once more to the hard life he had so nearly succeeded in shaking off. He had a severe beating when they got him home, as a warning to him not to rebel again— and he never did try to run away a second time. Where was the good of it ? Hilda was gone, he did not know where, and the house was a home no longer. So he went patiently about with the show, a dismal little dog-captive, the dullest little Toby that ever delighted a Btrect audience: so languid and listless at times that Mr. Punch was obliged to rap hira really hard on the head before he could induce him to take the slightest notice of him. But, in spite of all this, he made the people laugh ; most, perhaps, at night, when the show was lit up by a flaring can of paraffin, and he sat with his feet in Punch's coffin, howling dole fully at the melancholy strains of Bob's pipes, which Dandy always found too much for his feelings. [will be concluded in our next.] A Pleasant Experiment with Salt.— Do you want to grow salt, and, at the same time, have an interesting handsome ornament ? The proceeding is a novel chemical experiment that may be tried by anyone. Put in a goblet one tablespoonful of salt and one spoonful of bluing; fill the goblet two-thirdß full of water, and set it in a position where it will have plenty of warmth and sunlight. In a little while sparkling crystals will commence forming on the outside of the glass, and it is both a novel and interesting sight to watch it gradually growing day by day until the outside of the goblet is entirely covered over with beautiful white crystals. Another variation of this beautiful experiment would be to take a goblet with the base broken off and fasten it m the centre of a thin piece of board, which may be round, square, or oblong. After the crystals have formed on the gloss, set it on a tiny wall- bracket and place a bright holiday or birthday card in front of it; this will hide the base, on which no crystals will form. After this is done fill the goblet with flowers or dried grasses, and you will have a vase which will cost comparatively little, and in reality adds to the bric-a-brac of the room,— Tory Timet, 