,. A Legend of CoomaT [By LoimAiutAJ , -v .,- , - ' mitltH far Ih Xaom Jfiwwy. ' Uninteresting place tbis Cooma,™ remarked a fussy, portly old gentle man one day as he stood in front of the pommercial Hotel after dinner, picking his teetb, with an air which seemed to eayi' How vastly superior I am to tiiesa country folk.' ' ? ' ' Wretched little hole, he continued, ' nine-tenths of. the people appear to have been born in the year one. since which time they have neither learnt nor done anything which their grand fathers had not learnt and done before them.' ' Pardon me,' exclaimed young B (we all know him ; sol won't mention his name), ' but 'what part of the world has the honor of claiming you aa a native ?' ' Devonshire,' solemnly answered he of the pompous mien, ' the grandest country in the world. Talking about Australia, and Cooma in particular, why the place has no history, not even a local legend to attract a stranger's interest. How unlikn England, where every acre ^^ -has been the scene of events which sp6 ,,are written in the history of the -'%-? world. Why, dear me, you cannot even raise a ghost in this place ; too young, too uninteresting even for spirits outside a bottle to visit you. Pah I' Here the fat stranger spat disdainfully on the ground. 'You labor undrr a mistake, I think' said 6., who had listened to tbe stranger's tirade with an amused ?mile. 'There is a house not six miles from here frequently visited by visitors from another world ; if yju doubt me, tho proof is easy.' ' Ha ha I a veritable ghost in Aus tralia ; bah] I heard of Fisher's ghost, but even that story was so badly put together that no one could by any possibility credit it. A ghost on Manure I should have tc see it before I'd believe it.' 'Are you willing to allow me to put you in the way of seeing it?' asked B. ' Certainly I am ; nothing should I enjoy better; it has raised my opinion of the district immensely, that there is a place in it capable of having a romance attached to it.' 'Very well,' said B,. 'I will drive you to the place to-night at half-past clevon. I will leave you amongst the ruinB of the old house, and will return for /ou at ono o'clock, and if you see or hear nothing during that time which you cannot explain or account for, if in fact you do not ac knowledge that the place is haunted, most emphatically haunted, I will forfeit a dozen of champagne.' ' Done,' replied the fat man, whom I will call Jones for convenience, ' I will hold you to your bargain; and shall be at yoiir service at any hour you may call for me.' Punctually at half-past eleven, B. drove up to the Commercial. Jones, who had all along believed the whole thing to bo a joke, found to his cost that not only was B. in very solemn earnest, but that quite a number of the principal inhabitants of the town had assembled to see them start on their expedition. He was rather startled also by noticing that Mieir countenances, far from betokening amusement at the notion of their ex pedition, were downcast and sad. Jones, though a loud and bombastic speaker, was hot of that stuff of which heroes are- formed; he was a man easily impressed by the opinions of others, and the behaviour of the gen tlemen who bad assembled to see them off filled him with an undefin able awe of a something he could not analyse. ' Good night, B., we shall see you here to-morrow; I suppose you'll go on to . . . after you have left Mr. Jones at tbe place,' said a gen tleman as B. and Jones stepped into the bugey. . . 'Yes, yes, good night,' said B.and giving his horse a cut with a whip. They quickly travelled out of the* reach of the lights, and out of the sound of the voices of men. It was a dark gusty night; the wind sighed and moaned among the willows, as they crossed the creek and sped up the hill; fitful showers of cold rain lashed their faces, and presently .nothing could be heard but the moaning of the wind as it swept' over the bleak treeless hills surround ing Cooma, and the crunching of the buggy wheels over the metal. A drive of about five miles brought them to the foot of a hill, beyond which was a deep narrow creek, then a short stretch of level ground, and then a small hillock, on the summit of which were the remains oE a stone dwelling house. Portions of the roof had fallen in. The stone stepilead ing up. to the verandah had. through long disuse, fallen. Wild shrubs grew in all manner of crevices. Ai togsther the place,. though a good subject for an artist's pencil, was the last spot in the world one would ; chose to voluntarily pass a night in. ?-ybis is the place' said B. in a low voice ; 'I will pull up just in front of the door. ' - ... , ' All right,' said . Jones, who hav ,. v- ingrjtaken more than one pull at his pockqt pistol, felt wonderfully valiant. 'Tou need not icome back until six or seven o'clock if you like, for «b''I have a, warm ^railway rug wittilme, I shall find a 3ry place 6ome where in that 'old 'house and have a good ' '/Bleep.'^ '',' V*'' ?'?;'*?'''* '?; ; ,' . ,t''i Jiope'you ,maj,' .replied B.; . l: good night ;' and « way he droye to a hostel some few hundred yards away. :'''?- . ?' *.: ' ' . . With soinedifliculty, Jonesclimbed his way on to the verandah. Then striking a match and lighting a can dle with which he had provided him self, he advanced into the house. The first he entered was a large square room, on one side of which were the remains of a bow window ; a broken sofa, three or four chaire, and a rickotty table were the only remnants of furniture in the room. Having examined the walls and sounded the floor, Jones resolved to rest there for the night He found that by propping up one side of the sofa with a chair, a not uncomfort able bed might be formed. His pre parations were quickly completed, and as he lay stretched at full length on his impromptu bed with a candle burning brightly at his side and a flask of O'Rourke's best brandy with in his reach, he felt, as he afterwards said, fit for anything. Half an hour passed away. H« tried to sleep, but could not ; he tried to read, for he had brought a book with him, but try as he would, he could not fix his attention on the page. Presently ho felt something in . the .room. Ho looked round, but could sec nothing, hear nothing. Nevertheless the im pression grew upon him, then a great fear took complete possession of him. He could not have explained the ( cause of his (ear, but oh 1 horror, there was something — a nameless some thing — in the far corner of the room. His eyes, dilated by fear, were fixed upon it. Breathless, motionless, he watched a shape gradually growing out of what had hitherto been form less. A face, a child's face young and beautiful ; then its little form stretched at full length on the floor, and loosely covered with an old blanket. Tho expression of the faco was calm ; itscemod to breathe quietly and regularly. There was nothing in the childish form before him to induce fear, hut Jones, as he watched this mysterious being gradually de veloping to bis viow, almost shrieked with the agony of his terror. How long this lasted he knew not, but tho climax of bin horror occurred when he noticed that the candle which hitherto had lighted up the whole of the room was now, through some un explainablecausc.burning moredimly every moment; presently it wont out, and he was left alone with tho my8teriousform whose regular breath ing could be plainly heard across the room. Suddenly the breathing was changed to gasps; then a hoarse, muffled shriek, followed by a peculiar hissing sound, a few convulsive struggles, and then the candle once raoro threw its searching rays over the scene. The poor infant, all dis torted by tho convulsions of death, writhed upon the floor,* whilst stand ing by its. side stood a tall dark man, in whose hand was grasped a drip ping knife. Jones' terror at that mo ment overcame his prudence. With a loud yell he sprang from the sofa, and screaming 'Murder, murder,' he ma.de for the door. ' What the dickens do you mean by making such a row, Jones,' cried B. ' Ah, I know, you were dream ing of tho haunted house I told you about this morning. Well, if even the thought of it has such an effect upon you, what would the reality do ? Confess that no country is too young for a history, no town too small for a ghost.' An old gentleman of the Roman Catholic Church, who died a few weeks ago, left the whole of his pro perty, valued at many thousand pounds, for the benefit of St. Mary's Cathedral. When matters were settled up with Archbishop Vaughan, it was pointed out to thatgentlcman that the deceased had left a relative in Sydney in quite distressful circum stances. His Grace at once, it is said, made out a cheque for £2500 for the person referred to. — Evening News. Gun Accident. — Mr. Dodds and his son Henry, with Mr. Campbell and Mr. Patterson (who were visitors to . Mr. Dodds' from Sydney), pro ceeded on Easter Monday for a shooting excursion to Jeir, at the invitation of Mr. fi. P. Johnston. After having had a few shots Master ?Dodds fancied .a shot out of - Mr. Campbells', single barrel ''1)rea(;b : loader. He shot two birds with the gun, and on firing|the third shot the gun burst, and the youngster. had a miraculous escape from instant death. The gun was purchased in Sydney, and 18 of an American manufacture, viz- L C. Stephens and Co., Chicopel, Mass., patented 1860. The gun ex ploded and the cartridge case struck the boy, in. the forehead, a piece of the metal, missing his head, cut the hat he was wearing, and the barrel flew from tho stock and stuck in the ground. The force was so great that it bent the barrel, lodging in the ground as it did some fifteen yards away from the boy. immediately ^he boy received the accident his ather,. with great presence of mind, fcbbwirig'ithere was no medical assist a'tice at ;.hand, at once applied the salvage attached to postage stamps to the, wound on the boy's forehead. Mr. Dodds, after attending as best he could, to his child, brought him nto Yass,.when he was at once seen by Dr. Peny, under whose care, we are happy ,tp say., he is now out of all danger.— Tass Courier. . ;£600 will be pud for. any case that Hop Jitters -will not cure or help.gDoubt not. See. ??.? . 