PULPIT PORTRAITS. am imuia at a mission cratxu '.Mm swcessanu Kaitas, in non neeewarm flimtms; im omnibus prudentia et chariUs. %? (Bt ah Ecijktic.) W- Ifcadfreqosafy heard of the IGsskm t ffrapri of S. Saviour— in feet who has not? L~~ — -asd I ^^f»wi*n«J to pa? it a visit. Ae- :. «StdiBgly one Sunday evening lately I '/ t— Jed my e*coedingHy ragged path, down j'-fl» wry properly nam&i; \- stone Road,' p ??ilpflii stumbling about in the dark for » ?; aosBS time at last arrived at the building f- «*?*, being brilliantly lighted, had served ;. ? ??? a, lM»^ff» Jm-twg the latter part of my L —inaint tortuous journey. At the gate IttBMgh the darkness dimly obeerred a wmk liisiiiim against the fence, who, rather ,. *e air surprise, m engaged in softly t vfckffiBgthatbMiitifol air, 'Lead kindly ;f: JJsgfcV* which, wider the circumstances, ;r- ^snsld have selected, and him I wc«mfr-d. 'Oujoa kindly tell me,' I asked, ' who will preach, here this evening?' 'Well,' ?: keiqdied,' may be the Bishop will preach, mm* be he wew't. Perhaps Mr. Allen, perhaps somebody else; I dnnno, we never now here.' Thanking him for the extreme BWfiii nil j of tie information he had given aaelwmlk'd inside and took a seat — or glfhrr sat d «n on a form. Attractive and cheerful as the fllumina»*d windows appear. ?i from tiie outside on that dark cold might, the little ehoreh internally presented & bare and b^'ate appearance, calculated ?ka e3nll ntu-'« *a«Ji»»«»«i and fat tanntnh nil tonosB of emotion. The buQdiag is. strictly speaking, oblong in shape, with an open jsnsfi - root, t£e walk present » blank »p pwrsiwe of unvaried monotonous white, wbOetbe windows are filled with panes of atJinari glass. At the lower end of the chapel, and .directly facing the entrance door, m curtain hangs across one corner, behind which I suspect the officiating waMer exchanges his coat for his 'plain wfcite sm-pliee with sleeves.' At the other end, in the centre, at some distance from tie terminal wall, stands a square table draped with a sc&rlet; table-cover, on which See a large Bible ; in the left hand corner there is a harmonium, around which a few ebairs ace placed for the convenience of the choir; while on the opposite side, half facing ?aw congregation, is a low reading-desk, or sestaEa. Of any attempt at *w™ mawfr^irai 4n is none whatever, and, as I have . ?swrionsly hinted, Hie «°**»'g */vv-i'Tt^M^itti'n lor the congregation is provided for by a £benl supply of forms. When I entered law chapel only six people had assembled, three women, a girl, and two babies, but as fbe mantes flew brothers' kept dropping sa* vntal about fartjy people were pcesent,of which number seven tdoaged to the sterner sec, in one «f whom I reoognised a wealthy settkr and a well-known J.P. Just before tte hour of service a party tody of dignified assEsenDB walked in. . h '^ mimiiuflti or two or three young ladies, and took her seat at tteharauoiaia, while those who were go. sbst to assist in leading ^*ff singing occupied the chairs which stood near the instrument. Everything was so still, and everyone was ?o quiet, that we could distinctly hear the Town Han dock chiming the hour, when I also beard the quiet yet firm footstep of ? jsk one entering the buOding, f'^ t^mmg «jaad I saw the genHeman who was going to conduct the service that evening. Mo friest was he, he had not even been admit ted to the order of &£ diapanate — episcopal kaads of dedication and ordination had ?ever been laid upon his. head. As the anmber of those messengero of peace whose feet are said to be « beautiful upon the 9MBirf-aBiis'* is jttj«gmf»pt3y limitsd to t^1*** Coloay. Mr. GodfteyKught was evidently aot backward in domg what he could to help ins Mother Church in her »~a«rf««» Qraekry and calmly he walks up the isle and takes his stand ^h'^ the reading-desk, while tie lady at the harmonium plays a aSm^&B; voluntary. The service proceeds, He. Knight reads the prayers and versicles as a clear, distinct, and reverent tone of wsice, and the congregation repeat the xssponses with a genuine heartinesB &u;»t voold pot to shame many a larger and more hshiwuWe congregation. I have, unfor tnwstriy, no musical gift myself — indeed I ftacffijr know fee difference between 'God Save the Queen 'and 'Yankee Doodle,' jet I know of no greater pleasure than to tear the ^«a-i prayers of the ^nglisfc fitmtgy well read. No wonder that Engush jMenlove their Prayer Book! It is true, as Xaotd Macaulay has remarked, that it is lie osdty book which has been improved by translation Bead the original prayers as they stand in the Catholic missal, and fwwn xead. the translations in die Book of Common Prayer, and the justice of tfie .mVhrmi** hi^«wa«'B remark will be fully xsanaed. But revetum* d not moutont, the asatides are chanted, and, truth must out,, damtiifl abominably. The accent is always plirrri on the wrong syllable, while t£e w«cds are divided in the most exfzaordinary fssiiinii, all of which is presumptive evidence ttatthe f choir' nsver practice together «anagtteweek. Mx. Knight re«d the two Isssons ver/ wid, the second one particular Ir soaWwwghitwM»portionof one of S. xfcnT* tpijaea which, as everyone who has triad ft mqistknow, are by no means easily asai aloud inteWigiMy. In the place of an ?afliem the hymn 'Have mercy on us, God asost H^h,' js.sang, song to an old famOar 'Mcthnilist tune; and sung well, every per aot in thejhnil^jpg appearing to join in the sstesng of praise witi both heart and voioe, aadno sooner have the last stnins died away amon the esc than the euphonious prayers of ta« service snecead. It seemed to me, I asigat be wrong, but it appeared tome, as 3 the devotion of tb* worshippers increased in iatensifa/.'as prayer after prayer jwas read, axsil it seraifedioi reach the climax in the tfoadndiag jror4s of the last petition— ''flTaating.ns ig tha -world knowledge of Thy truth, wdjnjhe world to come life OTedastin^-^wo^bindeed wush.few as they are, smii up ^(1 the Christian wants la tins Ef-| and«4 he hopes to obtain in the «aebeceaQer. - {tw the season of Lent, and aotiiehymn..''Savwur when in dust to 5aee,' which is next sung, is pecutiarly appcopriaie, and. .goes to show that the ♦mBsisstinfr aqasnns are not ignored here as they bulb toaoftfia are in more pretea tious pbvces.«f worslup. As soon as the sijimii jg cpnchided ,the wrg'vg&fan; ait aVmrn to liajfP tp.the ♦erraon, Asdhere I. *vas ^'^f1 fry: r .tfhs.- rOTnarksWfi daTerence lanleBis tp^'apen,, among the various Jcswmiitntions; ? , . Pr«abytenaas -y. go *o to them tfejretfminary jjey#ojas afg mej*-. ^ so nrn^fgbydnytory matter. Jeaifeng, afi tosa« onettm^^sisrm**,., ^W«»J«ya«s ?do, go to bnr * sermon, but/they : jalso ,gp teasag, whflp ft ajjpa^ar^meatiagjjfonows 5?J**»*|t ?FWf^aie jinor^^ti^jw, ?lmii a^fairrmslisna.oa.the ^theK aaad, look' irpwu^ sermon aa- irt*g subor. ^Bateputl«C .^e, serviej»,,,a«d, they find jsnst spirttna) coaifort |n -the nielodioos acaysxs oCjd^-cfuircL , /kgfiijij CfthfAvm assemble -jhamt?\T9? . to - ,-; worsh^ -. thfi visible Him, .whom. all. denominations alike conjEees . to be ^»a«»* Sedeemer. Semembering W»fe - 1 was not eto- aosed to ; see the f^mgrpgntk-n settling asemsel ves iiown in a jamnrr which seemed toaay, 'Tffean bound to Ijsten, but w« lope it won't £e- for Jong.' for his text Ttt, T«ig4i^ took ^*° foHftwjpg passage of Imak-f jJo weapon ti-at u formed against «theesh*n prosper; and every tongue tiiat 'abaUzise against thee in judgment thou '?ban cond^nu. . .Thia.ia. tha-.heritagj3 of -fite servanta^ tiie fo(rd,. and their *aghteonsm«4S of-iae, saith the Lord.' Of course Jtfr. Kn jght .read his ; ^ermaay as as bst too uanatty tiiis custom in t^° Hhinyh «f England, W lam jwundjto say that he ^ a^x^entij^ea-^awgy, ^Jowlyv. '™* ?'' F™1-™ 'mwh— !?- . f* appearea vo ase that he'was reaamg frpm msauecript, aad if be old so, ff he. really composed that sfjumn, I can- only say «ii|, be -h-s mis takenfak vocation— that if he had taken Ofeders be wouiahaveattaineda«stmgniBh ?d position in the Church- xs a preacher. 9bs aermott rwas weH dehvoed tbrougb «nt, carefully orarpoaed, and the ideaa -van dotbed. ia really eloquent Ian M,mgt ; in fact there was only «aa fault to. and with it, that it via too good, the congregation he had there could not be expected to undetstau 1 it, but if it had been delivered in th Anglican Cathedral it would have been u brifiiant success. After the sermon the usual collection was made, and the hearty singing of Keble'a weU-known hymn ' Sun of my soul' brought the service to a con clusion. And now, in conclusion, a few words as to why this chapel was built, and as to tiie amount of success which has resulted from its erection. I presume it was built to sup ply the persons living in the neighborhood the opportunity of attending divine worship. The people there are not only far removed froin any church, but as a rule belong to that class which, generally do not usually frequent churches, and it was doubtless thought that if a church were placed at their door-steps as it were, they would attend the services and in some degree the anticipated result has been realised. With the exception of the lady who played the harmonium, one or two of her friends, and the Justice of the Peace I have already mentioned, the con gregation appeared to be made up of servant girls and the wives and families of working men. But then the congregation was so very small. Let the Bishop condescend to take a leal out of the book of those mission ary priests who are now actively engaged among the docks and in the lowest parts of that modern Babylon — London — in t-jm»liiTig tiie ignorant that God is love, and that He wfll not the death of a sinner, and he would soon have hiB Mission Chanel crowded to excess. Let the services be bright and hearty — let the choir practice carefully duringtite week, that they may be able to lead tiie fringing easily and accurately — substitute Moody and Sankey's hymns for those at present used — decorate tiie walls with a few shields — hang a cross at tiie east end of the building— let the officiating layman wear a surplice; — in fact make cne building assume a more 'churchy' look, have plenty of singing, and the result would be astonishing, the more so if a plain ft'inmnnjpnn' extem poraneous lecture, couched in plain language easily to be understood took tiie place of a formal read sermon, no matter how eloquent might be tiie language or how intensely orthodox might be the doctrine pro pounded — in fact appeal to the emotions of the people rather 'in** to their intellect — to their hearts instead of to their heads. ' But this would be working only upon the im agination,' might be the reply. Well, Napoleon the Great truly said that ' imagination rules tiie world!' Get pos session of people's hearts — influence their itwggiwu^Kai, ssd you **'' do what you. m?-- with their intellects afterwards, leading them to tread in whatever path you may think leads stcsightest to that goal towards which sll professing Christians sxe wending their several devious ways. One thing I no ticed which certainly pained me — and that was the absence of any 'Holy Table,' from which I argued that tile Eucharist was not administered in that building. Of course I maybe wrong, but if so why is not a proper ' Table' supplied for tiie reverent perform ances of t^***'. rite which the Church of Ens lsnd emphatically declares is 'generally necessary to salvation'! If a ' Holy Table' were placed in the chapel, and adorned with a couple of vases of flowers, the congrega tion would more intensely realise that they were at church, and would be pleased that their little chapel presented a more attrac tive appearance internally titan even the Cathedral itself. I venture to make these few suggestions, because I feel really anxious 'that the good work the Bishop has begun iu this «egj«fjc^ portion of the town should be attended with the greatest pos sible amount of success ; in the MMnHma I can but heartily wish him ' God speed' in the efforts he is mniring to preach good tidings unto +1*h»tw rt»ni- sit in darkness and to guide their feet into the way of peace. Land in Levuka, Fiji, recently realised between ,£7,000 and .£8,000 per acre. Mrs. Franklin, Mr. Duxbury, and Mr. S. King were tiie only passengers to Albany by the coach that left on Saturday after noon. Thomas Cartwright wason Saturdayfully committed for trial by the City Bench to answer to tiie charge of having stolen 1 ewt of iron bolts from tiie Government Store. It is gratifying to be able to report an. im provement in tiie condition of the «»TnfaI wood market — logB and roots aKke — both is. Singapore and China. At Singapore about 300 tons (wood and roots) are reported to nave been sold during the fortnight ending March 19 j of which, 60 tons of logs, ten to the pieul, were quitted at from $3-50 to $3*55 per picuL Twelve of the horses ex Flowerdale, from Geraldbon, realised an average of $121 (about JE25 only) ; others of tiie shipment that were in better condition fetched $130 to $190. Owing to the recent severe weather the keepers at the Eddystone Lighthouse were left for several weeks beyond the ordinary period without being relieved, and their stock of provisions having become exhausted they had to endure great hardship and pri vation, being left almost entirely without fuel, food, and light. It is stated that they were reduced to tiie extremity of boiling flour in colza oil for food ; and if relief had not arrived when it did there is every probability that the light itself would have been extinguished, owing to the lack of oil or the physical inability of the keepers to attend to it. If the precaution had not been taken of having at tiie lighthouse last autumn a larger stock of food than was customary, the men would have been, abso lutely without food several days before they were rescued. Signals of distress had been flying for nearly a fortnight, but the wea ther was such that neither papsing vessels nor those on shore were able to send a boat to the rock. One man, who was brought on shore, had been at tiie lighthouse for six months. The case is being enquired into. The party of gentlemen who started out at tiie beginning of last week to enjoy a few days kangarooing returned home last Saturday evening, having amused them selves to the top of their beat. They were very successful in their sport, as they ob tained a large number of 'tails,' and, after several exciting chafes, succeeded in capturing no less than nine Wanneroo ponies. ' All the members of the party appear to be somewhat bronzed by their exposure to tiie influences of the weather, but each asserts that tiie trip has done him a wonderful deal of good, and that he bas laid in a supply of energy suffi cient to carry him on without medical aid for the next twelve months, when they will again make a similar trip. This mmwWi hunt-expedition now bide fair to become an established institution among our Wding inen of business, and, as it spoils the fan if the party be too numerous, we shall not be Surprised to hear of three or even four com xtnies .setting out to seek a welcome and 'xLe&red; change of air, scene, and pursuits next year. ... ..... . ? An exceedingly interesting paper in a recent issue of Chatnbert' Journal says.con '?eeraing tiie dangers of chloral drinking — 'Chloral has adirect action upon, the heart and tiie brain, so that when either of these organs is in an abnormal condition the dan gers to be apprehended from its use are not a few. Its action differs very much from hat of opium, for the victims of the better seldom die from the immediate influence of the drag, but rather from some organic disease brought on by its use. Now, chloral accumulates in the system until such a quantity is present as will stop all organic functions.; but death in these cases general ly results from an interference with the heart's action, or from a sort of suspension of the nervous stimuli-^the nature of tiie death thus being not unlike that of chronic alcoholism. Many chloral drinkers have -een dipaoaumiacs atone time or other, and have drifted from the use of alcohol to the chloral bottle, or have moderated their con sumption of alcohol by the conjunction of chloraL (Although chloral drinking is not so apparevt as dram drinking, yet it has even a greater power over its victims ; and as its immediate effects are not so degrading a* those of alcohol, they imagine that it is not so ruinous as the latter ; but it is the result of an insatiable desire, and as such it becomes an infatuating and degrading vice. The consumption of thS drug has, we are glad to i note, greatly decreased during the past few years, for a knowledge of the evils of its indwcriminate use has been acquired, and a proper place in therapeutics has been assigned to it.' [Advt.] — Ilolloway's Pills. — Changes of Temperature and weather frequently upset persons who are most careful of their health, and particular in their diet. These eorree tire, purifying, and gentle aperient Pills are the best remedy for all defective action of the digestive organs. They augment the appetite, strengthen the stomach, correct biliousness, and carry off all that is noxious from the system. Holloway's Pills are L-. m -osed of rare balsams, unmixed with 1 laser matter, and on that account are peculiarly well adapted for the younp, delicate, and aged. As this peai less medi cine has gained fame in the past, so will it preserve it in the future by its renovating and iuvigorating qualities, and the impos sibility of its doing harm. GHOSTS. — An attempt is being made in in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, aud many are the wonderful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, how ever, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark 10 Marley's ghost : ' How do I know that you aru nut a bit of undigested bread?' for, of all the ghost producers a bit of ' heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt die surest spell against ghosts by using Berwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for although it won't ' raise ghoste,' it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every vise storekeeper has it by him, and every good nousewife bays it « CAN THE LEOPARD CHANGE HIS SPOTS r— Why, certainly ? if be will use Judson's Dyes, which give new hues to all materials. Jndson's Artists' Black will put a new 'smile' upon a rusty grate or fender. Jodson's Gold Paint gilds picture frames, cornices, &c;, like the setting sun on a cornfield. Chemists, Stationers and Storekeepers sell them aad good housewives buy them. « MAY GOOD DIGESTION WAIT ON APPETITE' says Shakespeare, bat 'good digestion' will never wait upon bad bread, and it is therefore of the greatest import ance that in making bread one should use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation through long use in households throughout the world. Foremost amongst these most be reckoned ' Borwicks Gold Medal Baking Powder,' which has stood the test in every climate of the world. Get it, use it, and add your testimony to that of the millions who praise it The Ohb Thing Nkbdful or The Was of a colonist is that she shall know how to make good bread, cakes and pastry, and to teach her servant to 'do likewise.' In order to perform this fsat she mast be sure of her leavening agent, and to this end she Bhould eschew all those preparations of unknown makers, and use only such articles as BorwicVs Baking Powder, whieh for nearly 40 years has stood the test of use in every part of tile inhabited globe, those who aim at the more artistic branches of culinary art, should try the Gold Medal Custard Powder, which is said on good authority to produce the most delicious custards, blano-manges, &c;, with out eggs, and at half tiie usual cost No store should be without a good supply of these two articles. — Advt. Small Capitalists wishing to Establish a Business should see if there is an opening for a Mineral Water Manufactory in their district All information and recipes for the purpose of making Lemonade, Soda Water, &c;, is given — previous knowledge is not necessary. The demand for these drinks is so much on the increase, in all parts of the world, that the outlay for the machinery in all cases leads to s profitable and safe business. Catalogue forwarded free, or can be had at the office of this paper on payment of Is. — Babnstx and Foster, Engineers, 22 and 23 Forston Street, London, N. — Advt. Woman's Sfheee. — There are few men now so benighted as to believe that woman's mission can be summed upinShakespeare's words : e Tosuckle fools and chronicls small beer.' Yet a woman is none the worse for knowing how to bake bread or make a custard, and in both these little arts she is greatly assisted by Messrs. Borwick & Sons, who, for her convenience, have produced theircelebrated ' Baking Powder' and Gold Medal 'Custard Powder.' With the former article tile most palatable bread, cakes, and pastry can be produced speedily, and with marvellously little trouble ; whilst, with the latter, she is independent of the domestic hen, and can make the most delicious custards, blanc manges, Ac., at half the usual cost. Wesxon's Wizass Oil and Magic Pills. —Have cured more wonderful cases of Rheumatism, Gout, Neuralgic Aches, Pains. Swellings, Caked Breasts, Burns, Scalds, and Salt-Rheum, upon the human frame, than all the pretended remedies have since tiie world began. These Great American Medicines, are composed of vegetable oils, healing gums, roots and herbs ; and act like a charm upon pain and inflammation. — Advt. RS' If Charles Dickens, Lord Macanly, or Miss Braddon were to be employed to use their descriptive powers in describing the wonderful relief dyspeptics derive from using Cboss's Indigestion Dbops words would fail them to point out all its merits. This can only be done, and is done, by those who have used them. Read the Testimonials in another part of the paper. — [Advt.] A CUTS ANIMAL.— The chameleon reckons himself a clever little beast because he can change bis colour, but Judson's Dyes will change the hue of any material Judson's Artists' Plack gives a ' new dress suit' to firegrate and fender. Judson's Gold Paint turns old picture frames and cornices into new ones. Judson is an Alchemist, and the Chemists, Stationers and Storekeepers are his agents. 