MRS. BIRTLES' BOARDERS'. \- By R. P. WHITWORTH. ' . . (OONTINUJSD.) i- ' Very woll. Tlioso who aro in favor— ah I good. Tlioso against — none. Carried unani mously. Next business.' ' The next businoss, Mr. Chairman,' said Bob Brown, rising, ' is to ohargo your glasaea —All full ?— Gentlemen, horo's succoss to' tho ontorpriso, and good luck to Miss T'ulk, and God bless hor! ' ' With a hip-liip-hip, hurrah, &o.;' But a penetrating voico camo from tho lialf opon door of Mrs. Birtlos' little back room, which said, ' Too much .noiso. Go to bed, dear boys. Good-night, and -God bless you.' 'All light, mother. Good-night.' And we went. ? ' ' 'Dear littlo woman. Slid had overheard ovory word wo had said, and I verily .believe was crying with joy when she spoko to us. And our enterprise was crowned with suc cess. Each man laid himself out for his ?work, 'and, tlio result was that within a fort night tho words were written, tho music oom poacd, and tho son'gs sung, all three of them, at a concert in which Bob Brown waa inter ested. Tho words woro of average merit, but tho niolodipa wore fresh and; characteristic, and tho harmony showed tho work of an' ac- complished musician. Thoy woro favourably mentioned in the papers, and Mossrs. Quavor, Crotchet & Co., tho groat music publishers of Collins Street, jumped at, tho olianco of pub lishing thom. ! . , So MiBS 1'ulk was sot on hor feot, for taken largo and by, aa sailors say, what with tlio original royalties for singing, and the copy right, for .Quaver, Crotclio & Co., bought tlion out and out, sho netted something over sixty pounds, with the promise of as muoli work as she, in her delicate stato of health cared to undortake, and bo thero was great jubilation in the liouso of Birtles. CHAPTER VIH. A SHADOW OP KVtt;. Yea, jubilation, but not all jubilation. Tho shook to Miss Tulk, whatever it was, had beon too great for her nervoua system, unstrung as had-beon by the grief known only to herself, to withstand witli impunity, and although sho gradually recovered her health, her physical, strongth was evidently materially impaired, aud her mind, if not positively unhinged, was severely shaken. There was no positive ailment, and al though Dr. Brightstono used to call occasion ally to sco his pationt, more I fancy out of a feeling of sympathy and friendliness toward the sad silent woman who seemed to belong to another world- than ours, who was, so to speak, with us but not of us, than beeause ho thought he could do hor much good profes sionally, and although sho slowly rogained her colour and hor good looks, for although soine what. haggard and faded, it waa easy to bo seon that iu lier time, and that at no very long period back, sho had beon a beautiful woman, still ho would say to us, or any of us, when she wa3 absent, 'Ahl there's some thing there that I havn't probed yet, some thing that the finger of soieuce cannot touch. Timo is a great healer, but time does not heal every wound to tho heart. ? However, time alone can tell, and to time alone we must trust.' As I havo said there was no positive ail ment physical or mental, and yot thoro was something that could not but cause us all great anxiety. Than Mrs. Birtles, and I may say, tho rest of ua, nobody could be kinder, and, in an unobtrusivo way, more attentive, but sho seemed to bo a prey to a kind of settled melancholy. Aud yet it was .not exactly melancholy. It was rather a restless moodiness, a lurking and ever presont pre sentiment of misfortune, a weight as if of imponding trouble, a namoless terror that slio could not away with. ' ? . It was no longer anxiety for the material needs of tho present or ovon of the future, for thanks ~to her own skill as a musician, and thanks also perhaps to a word or so in tho right place and in due season — ' and a word in duo soaaon how good it ia '—from aome of us who wero not altogether without somo littlo influence in artistic eiroles, her work boeaino more aud moro known and appreoiatod, and as a matter of course, more in demand, so that ' the cruse of oil aud the barrel of meal ' seemed likely never to fail. Beside that, as the days wont on, and sho grew stronger, her pupils came baok to her, and soon all lior timo was fully occupied in writing music, and giving lessons in tho various accomplish ments of-wliicli she was mistress. ' And the poor lady was gratoful, in lior own quiet undemonstrative way, oh haw gratoful sho was to us. She might have, nay, as wo onco or twice delicately hinted, now that sho was gotting on so well, ought, for her own sake, to have removed to a moro fashionablo part' of tho city, and into lodgings more suit ablo to the social requirements other position ahd to her breeding, but to this sho replied with toarsin hor eyes ; ' And where elso shall I find friends, such truo friendB aa I havo found hero. No, no, hore, amongst you, havo I found suoh jwaco aa tho world can ever give mo. Dearest, kindest of friends, do not weary of mo I pray. Hero, with you all lot mo live my lite.' . After that there was of courso nothing to bo said, and .matters quietly settled down into their ordinary groove. But Miss Tulk would no longer go out teaching,- in fact sho seoinod to havo an lin controllablo horror of leaving tho house, and never went out of doors of tenor than sho could possibly liolp, In fact whenever, as sdmolimes was tho caso, sho was obliged to visit ono or tlio othor music publishers, or to go to Hoe Mr. Lystor at tlio Opera with a view to tlio altoratiou or ro-arrangoment of somo pieco of musio, sho would only go in a oloso oab, and was iu a state of pitiable tromor from tho momont bIio left until alio returned. Sundays only, was an exception, when dlosoly veiled, and loaning on tho arm of stalwart Bob Brown she went to porform hor duties at St. Bridget's, (and 'oven then, as I liavo heard Bob say, sho was wont to tromblo. all tho way thoro and back. This namolesB terror, this oonstant dread, what was it ? Somo of us know, or thought we know 'as in a glass darkly.' Rather was it wo guessed, that tho sudden fright at tlio racecourse, and the tall, dark, soldierly look ing man, who had followed lior homo, and who had pawned tho.locket, had something to do with it, wo felt convinced. But what ? ;Nevor min/jLwhat. It was a-myatery. . It .wos, Miss Tulk's Bcorct, amino business otpuryto enquire into it. . - / . Miss Tulk's unaccountable restlessness Boomed day by day to increase. Itgrow to bo her wont to ait at the. window, shaded by the -curtains, and Beomingly oblivious of all else, to watch with haggard aud anxious eyes for som'othing whioh never eaino, something slio. felt unconsciously impelled to look for, and yot whioh sho feared to seo, and we beoamoso accustomed to this strange proceeding of hers that at length wo took no notice. But ono evoning a strange and unaccount able thing took placo. One of tlioso things which sometimes occur, but whioh reason ro fuses or is important to explain. ' One of thoso psychological mysteries beyond tho reaohea of our souls which so. strongly point out tho truth of tlio hackneycd quotation, ' There are more things in heavon and oarth than over wo read of iu our. philosophy.' It was a dark, dismal night— a miserable night, a night not fit to turn a dog out in. Tho wind biow in short, sullen gusts, tlio driving rain fell with a lioavy and intermin able nwish against the closed windows, and tho gas lamp at tho opposite corner shone sicklily through tho blurred glass. W o, that ia those of us wlioao duties did not call us out, woro snugly ensconBed in the general sitting-room, Bomo reading, aomo oliattiug, Mrs. Birtles with hor interminable sowing, and Miss Tulk talking to herself on tho piano as was hor frequent habit. Suddenly tho snatehos of airB and varia tions on thorn -eho had beon playing glided off into a wild, weird, but inexpressibly plaintivo minor strain, full of strango chords and unoxpeoted oadonces. It wan liko noth ing wo had ovor heard before, and wo stopped to liston to, and look at her. Sho seemed to be playing altogether unconsciously, and as if she woro under somo unknown and uncontrol lable spell. Thon, aftor a time, she all at onco lot hor hands drop on tho keyboard with a harsh discord, and rising from the instru ment, with a ghastly white and scared face, and dilated eyes, sho rapidly crossed tho room, and throw the window wide open, staring out blankly into tho murk street. A moment she stood, tho rain beating into hor faeo, and tho sharp wind tossing her hair about her shoulders, and then, with a low, gasping scream, fell baok into tho room in a faint. A momont, and we wero at the window. Not a sight, but tlio shining paTeinent, the, blinking lamp, and tho. dim outlines of the opposito houses. Not a sound save the' ccaseless plash of tho rain,, and tho dismal, sough of the wind. What had alie seen ? What hoard ? Who knows? Nothing, maybe,1 excopt that -in a waking trance sho had both aeon and liear(d the shadow and tho far-off voico ot coming ovil. ' CHAPTER IX. ' DARKEST BEFOHB DAWK.* In tho excitement and gratification of Miss Tulk's suecess,_I had almost forgotten the locket, and tho mysterious man of the raee eourso, until I was reminded of it ono day by Mrs. Moss who had come up to seo hor friond, Mrs. Birtles. It was a hot day in March, and I was just putting on a dust coat preparatory to going out aftor breakfast, when the Jewess camo in. ' I should like to have a fow words with you before' you go, -if you please, Mr. Grant,' she said. . . 'Certainly, Mrs. Moss,' I replied, return ing to the dining-room. 'You remember that locket? ' she bogan. 'Yes.' ' Well, he's been again.' ' Again— whero? ' ' To Manuel's. That's Josephson. This time it was a watoh, a gold repeater, a real Bregue.t, very old- fashioned, but oil 1 suoh a beauty. Set round with brilliants and a coat of arms engraved insido tho case. I couldn't bring it with me, you know, because tho. pentloman might come in any moment to re deem it. Not that I think he will, for his sort mostly don't. There wa3 a diamond hoop ring, too, and a bracelet, but they're not so valuable. He got twenty pounds on the lot ' 'Are you Bure it's the aamo man?' I asked., .. . . - ? .'Oh I' truat Manuel for that. He never forgota a face, if it was ever so.' ' Well, what' do you want' me to do?' I said. , - . ... ' Come round and seo it. Perhaps you can make it out. I believe law gentlemen under stand coats of arms, and suoh.-liko. I don't, more don't Manuel.' I promised, and called that very day. Mr. Josophson know mo through his sister-in-law, and took me into a back office. Unlocking a safe he took out the watoh, which I saw at first sight was a valuable, though an old fashioned one. Having some slight know ledge of the Boionce of heraldry, I examinod tho arms engraved upon it. So far as I could mako out, it was, technically speaking, as fol lows Gules, within a bordure, engrailed or, a lion rampant of tho last. Crest, a lion pas sant or, supporters, two Talbot hounds proper, collared Gules. Motto, ' Uumani nihil alentum,' and surmounting the escut cheon was' an Earl'B coronet. I took a noto of this, thanked him, and left. I next proceeded to the Publio Library, consulted '-'Burke,' and there soon found what I wanted. 'Yes, thero it was all correct. The ar morial' achievement of the noblo house of Chotwynd-Talbot; the hoad of the Catholic liousos of England, asEarl Talbot unquestion ably is. Although I can hardly say I was surprised at this, I was undoubtedly some what staggered. What eonneotion could poor Miss Tulk have with such a family ? And yet .the portrait, the initials, the coronot on the lockot, this strango man, seeing whom I felt convinced had been tho cause of her fright, and who had aoen her, and found out her residence. But then again, if he had dono so, months had gone by, and ho had mado no sign. ' What waa this mystery ? I was deter mined to fathom it. But how? What busi ness was it of mino ? What, right had I to interfere? Clearly none. If Miss Tulk had a secret, and choso to koop it, it was worso than impertinence on my part to moddle. And yot with a lawyer's instinctive wish to ferrot out tliiugs, I longed to got to tho bottom of it. Ah I tlio mystery, was solved, and by mo, too, sooner than I anticipated. Noxt morning as I was preparing to loavo tho house, I was speaking to Miss Tulk at tho timo, a knock came jo tho door. MisB Tulk started with a vagitd presontimont of evil. Joanna wont to tho, door and entered tho room, announcing, ' a gentleman to seo Miss T'ulk. Tlio visitor followed eloso at lior heels, and closing tho door aB she loft it, stood with his back to it, gazing at tho poor lady '.with- infernal malioo. 'So, madam, I liavo found you?' Sho was ai white as a ghost, and staggered, supporting heraolf by : the mantolpioco. - . r . 'Do not- loavo mo, Mr. Grant,' she gasped. ?' ' Mr. Grant, or wliatbvor tho devil his name is, will leavo you pretty soon if lio con sults his own interest. That is to say, if ho -don't want to bo oliuokod out of tho window,' ho retorted, with a snoo'r. I could liavo killed tho man. I felt that. I ,was: accounted ono of the best amateur wrest lers aud bbxors in Melbourne, and I had youth arid. stamina on. my side.. Ho had neither, for although ho was tall, and had onco -been musoular, I kuow too muoli about training not to aoo that dissipation had rendered him flabby, and comparatively weak, and short winded. I therefore replied calmly, ' As for that, this lady lias requested mo to reraaio, and remain I shall. So far as throwing me out of the window goes, I should advise you not to try it.' Ho moved -a step forward, n a if to put his throat into execution, but lie stopped, measured me with his eye, and thought hot ter of it. ' We'll seo about that later,' ho said. ' Who is this' insolent, ruffian?' I asked, ignoring his .remark. Hoiaughod a low, fiendish laugh, and said, '.Ahl just so. Who is lie?' This low, in solent ruffian ia that woman's husband. Let her deny it if she can. And now, sir, who are you who dares to Btand -between a husband and wife, and prevent their littlb endearments and oonnubialities.' This -was'! spoken with suoh an intensity of malignity, that I almost shuddered witW horror. ' Is thij irno, madam ? ' I asked. ' Yes— no— no,' and the words oamofaltor ingly — ' it is not truo. That ia, I married him, but— oh 1 I cannot tell — tho shame ot -it would kill me.' ' You lio, you hag,' ho said brutally. 'I do not lio — oh I Mr. Grant, 1 do riot lie.' ... . 'Lio, or no lio, you foul-mouthed sooun drol,' I interrupted, 'you'll keop a civil tongue in your head to that lady in my pre sence, or I'll break every bono in your body. You threaten to throw mo out of the window. You can't, and you know it. ,1 threaton to kiok you into the gutter. I eon, and I will. So be careful.' ' Who are you who aro so scrupulous ? '. ho asked, with a sneer ; ' who aro you to in terfere between a woman and her loving lord and master?'' ' I'll tell you if you want to know,' I re turned, 'I am oonneoted.with tho. law— tho criminal law, if you know what that means. I am that muoh profeasionally. As a private individual I am man enough to protect that lady, or any otlipr woman I hopo, from a brute.' : -' ' ? My reference to tho law was a bow drawn at a vonturo, but I saw by the whiloning of his lips, that my arrow had pierced tho joints of hia harness. Ho laughed, but forcedly. ' Then if y -su aro a lawyer,' ho said, 'you know that you must not moddle between husband and wife.' ' ' The lady denied it, and I believe hor,' I said, calmly. Ho beeamo doggedly furious. ' The lady — tlie lady will say anything, onrsa her I ' 'The lady will apeak the truth, I know that of her,' I retorted. ? ? ? ' . Ho eyed me with a curious seowl. ' You know,' ho Baid, ' what do you know? — per- haps sho has told you. 'No! No I No I On my soul, Edward, I havo nover breathed a whisper of my shame to a living soul. I havo never mentioned your name rspr your existence. As there is a God above, I have not.' Tho poor woman cried. ' I have hidden myself and my shame and my grief ' in poverty and obscurity, and hoped I should nover seo your face again,' and sho burst into a flood of tears. ' Come, this sympathetic business won't go down with me, you know,' he said ; ' it may go down with aome people, but I know yoAi, my lady, and you know me. Are you going to leave this cursed hole and come with me, with yoar devoted Edward? ' and he ac companied his bmtal sneer with a fiendish grin. ' Oh no, no, never. Leave me iu peace, oh, for God's sake do. I will givo you alK I have. AH 1 It isn't much, but you shallhave 'all if you will but leave me in peace.' 'Yos, tho wife to livo in luxury while the husband starves. Oh, I have hoard of you. All about you. The talented authoress, whose latest compositions have created such a furore in musical! circles. Well paid, to», I'm told.; That's lucky, for I'm devilish hard ? up, just how.' ' And.would you rob me of my very bread. Oh 1 Edward, yon would not do that, and after all tho ili-you'havo wrought me ? ' 'No,' ho replied, with a'nardonio smile, ' we'll share it together — love.' ' Never, never,' she cried, roused into fuiv by his last taunt. ' Edward Curtis, if that be your real name, for I know not oven that, liston to me now. You have at last driven me to bay, and I care not if I proclaim my wrongs even in tho market plaee. I hated you, I feared you, now I despise you.' ' Quito melo-dramatio, I declare. What a . I figure you will make on the stage, whon I place you thero, my. dear Beatrix.' ^'Beatrix!' I had stepped forward to smite tho cowardly savage to the floor. That . word eaved him. It was tho key iipte, the missing link. It flashed across my n$nd like a ray of light. Tho portrait, the initials, B.C.T. Beatrix Chewynd — Ta'Jioot. Great Heavens, what a revelation. Sho went on in the torrent of hor passion. Tho fiery blood of the Lords of Alton had come to the front, and no mistake; 'Look at that miserable ruffian, that cowardly bully,' she said, ' he married mo whon I was a girl, a young and innocent girl. Stolq mo from my father's houso, and married mo in Scotland, ho did, Captain Edward Curtis. A fino eaptain, cashiered for pecu lation, a roui, a gambler, nay, worse, a Bharper. I married him, and killed my inothor, and oarned my father's curse. Oh, that I had torn off the ears that listened to his lying vows; had plucked out the tongue that made the fatal promise. We went to Baden, Hombourg, Ems, everywhere where there were pigoons to be pluoked. God help me,' and hor voice died away in a piteous wafl, ' I did ^not know it then. I was young and innocent. Ah me 1 He robbed me bit my last farthing. Then he stolo, yes stole, my jewels, for I had jowels, plonty, and I took them with nfo whon I oloped. And all this time he had- another wife alive. . I learnt it afterwards, after the poor oreaturd was dead. I knew it, but I could not provo it legally. Ho had married her in Franco under another name, Whon I charged him with it lie laughed, and dared mo to do my worst. Thon ho, oh Heaven, I cannot speak the disgraceful words — he would have sold me to oternal shame, but I fled, ited in hunger and poverty with my dying child, my littlo Beatrix on my breast. I wandered, I know not whither, for I was mad after my baby died; Tho light had gono out of my life for over. People were kind to tho half demented woman, and I oar ned a subsistence by my musical talents. Onco I met hiin in Munich. I asked him for charity for I was hungry, and he spurned me with a ourso and a blo\y. Then I: sought refuge in the river, but I was saved from that crime on the briak, by an angel iu woman form who sheltered mo, and mado mo up a littlo purse to take mo homo. I wont penitent arid broken hearted to my father's houso, but ho would not see me. He sont me money, some riionoy, and bade mo begone. I oamo to Australia to hide my ellame and disgrace in another land and under another namo. My history since that you know, Mr. Grant.' f ; 'Upon my word a vory pretty story, aniV very effectively told, for tho stage, only .-it. laojtsono oloinont, namely that of truth. This' mad woman's story is a tissue of lies from beginning to end' said Curtis coolly. ? ' Ono portion of it is truo at all'ovents,' .! said, v that you took thia poor lady's jewels, and that you have pawned thom, I know.' . Ho looked at me ourioualy. .'You know? ', ho asked. ' I lookod him square iu the face, and said firmly ' Yos, I know, John Johnson.' Ho started as if ho had been stuug, and glared at me savagely, ' What the do'vil is tho meaning of this jugglery he oried. What do you know? Who aro you?' . 'Never miud that. Never mind what ! know.- I know you. That's enough.' Now do you know what being shadowed by the deteotives means ? ' ' Ho gavo a long disconcerted whistle, and hia jaw dropped perceptibly. ' Then perhaps you know — ' 'I know who this lady is, and was, and what's more to tho purpose I know who and what you are. Why man I aaw you on tho raceoourso on Cup Day and who you were with, and what you were up to. I saw you follow tho cab to this vory liouso. I4saw you pledge a gold ropeatcr watch, a bracelet and and a diamond ring in liourke TStreet, tho other day. There's a locket too that I know all about. Tho arms on the watch and the coronet and initials on the locket aro protty »triiiglit avidenco that they're not 'yotir's at oil events.' ' But thoy wero my wifo's,' ho said, turn ing to a sickly paleness. ' Bah I don't bo absurd. Do you imagine a distinguished swell mobsman like you can travel incognito. No, no more than you could if you were a prince, or an earl. BeJ aides, wo happen to havo e. fow French detoo .tives hero, and they're generally thought to ba fairly fly.' This was a protty tall grfmo of ' bluff ' on my part, but ovcry shot told. His nether lip trembled, and ho aaid in a low voice, ' What's the lay ?' ' That you'll know soon onougli if you don't clear out, and that quickly too. Would you liko this protty story to be told boforo a polioo magistrate? Ho absolutely trembled with terror. ' You're a poor cowardly raseal aftor all. Don't be alarmed. You'ro not required just at presont; but if you aro wo know well enough whon and where to lay our hands on you. Now you can go ; but mark 1110 now, if you ?dare to annoy this lady again, by word, letter, ? or message, yoo'ro booked suro, and yon may1 guess what that means. Now go. Stop though, linnd me over those pawn tickets for the property belonging to Lady Beatrice Chot wynd, Talbot.' He was completely cowed, and handed them over with trembling hands, and with out a word. -. During this unexpected denouement, Miss Tulk, iis I still call her, stood Razing and lis tening liko one in a dream. The tables wero so completely turned on her persecutor that sho seemed as if she could neither understand nor believo what was occurring. 1 But when the man she had once loved turned to Blouch away, all the pity of a great woman's heart burst forth in its tendeineis. ' Oh, Edward, that it should como.to this ,to this, at last. An outcast and a vagabond on tho faeo of tho earth; See, here is money. Twenty, pounds. It will keep you from star ving- and from temptation. Take it in Heaven's name, and reform. See here, too is a lock of baby's hair cut from her head as sho lay in her little coflin in far off Jormany. When you are tempted to evil, look at it and pray for help. And now go your way, and 'may God, in his infinite mercy forgive — you — as— I— I— I—' Ha slouched out without , a word, even as she spoke, and with true womanly consfstenoy she seized my hand, kissed it gratefully, and then fell in a dead faint on the floor. 