fata jfflá Mtiáw. SIMPSON'S DUMMY. THE canons of Colorado where the eagor search for gold has transformed men into giants, and invested them with the power that moved mountains, and bruised, and torn, and upheaved, and tumbled about in a manner that cannot be understood until one has looked upon the strange scenes and be- come vividly impressed, as ho will with the curious and mighty effects of human energy. A tornado, or "blizzard," however frightful it may be, leaves its work with unique finish. The grain and grass aro smoothed down by the wind, the trees, though splintered and twisted, have life yet. The branches reach upwards with pleasing grace, the leaves glisten with the jewels of the rain, and a promise of recuperation is sceu as soon as the disturbance is over. But the groat dislodged rocks, where the diggers have been at work, are left in ungainly positions, the limpid streams are turned to muddy pools, the scarred earth refuses to heal, uprooted trees point about in all directions, every bush and ves- tige of gross is crushed or killed, and tho yellow ground has a new-made grave ap- pearance, as if it were the burial place of some {monarch of naturo murdered by men. The Burne, and piok, and powder, are the machinery of devastation. The desire for wealth ÍB the resistless motivepower, and they make havoc that ages can never repair. In such a caynou I was pushing my way on horseback one day a few years ago, and so interested in the grim appearance of the great valley that I gave free rein to my poriy to thread his course as best he could among the tortuous cart-traeks and mule-paths . that creased the mutilated surfaoe of tho earth. In a number of places the black openings of tunnels in tbs mountain Bide were to be seen, where the quest for gold and silver had led men to bore laboriously into sub- terranean regions, Many of those were abandoned, and BO disastrously had been failures that the tools of the miners, broken carts, crow-bars, small cars used jo the tunnels, ohains, harnesses, and the like, scattered «bout in a. way that would have seemed a paradise in the eyes of a city scavenger. In one place a stamp mill, with expensive machinery, a good frame house adjoining, and many evidences of comfortable habitation, furniture, kitchen utensils, and so forth had been left to the birds and squirrels, ratB and cats, and much of it was covered with, mud and water from a recent freshet and overflow of the dam near, making it look as if it were haunted,. Passing one of the black holes in the mountains I was surprised to hear a con- fused murmur of voices issuing from it, followed by four miners in a state of great .excitement, swearing, gestulating and look- ing more like goblinB the knight of Ring Stetten saw in the forest on the Danube than human beings. -In a few moments another man came out from whom the four stood alofi", until, aftera short conversation, one . of them approached the hut and exclaimed : " No nala vor about this Simpson, you hear mel we're not fooled this time, and d-d if we're going to stand it any longer. Give ns the tioketa on the office and we'll skip out ; and, mind you, don't you blab until we're Bone. That's what the boys say, and that's easiness." " All right, Jaok," was the reply, " but I want it understood right that there is to be no interference with me. I know it's blamed foolishness, and I'm going to work that ¡hole." ' - After a few moments further conversation among tho four, tho spokesman said : " It's agreed, sir ; you can. work ; we don't want any more of it in ours." At this juncture the men saw me, the conversation ceased, and the party, including the man addressed as Simpson, who woe evidently tho boss, went into a Blab shanty, and I moved on. I heard no more of the oocurrenoe for a year, having gono on to Grand River the next day, and thence back to the states. Tho season following, however, I was in the same locality ogoib/again, with a letter ad- dressed to Mr. Archie -Simpson, the superin- tendent and part owner of one of tho best mines in the mountains. I was not a little surprised to find that Mr. Simpson was the same I had seen the year before, and my curiosity to learn something of that com- motion at the month of the mine was revived, though the circumstance had nearly passed out of my mind. After transacting the business in hand I was shown about the establishment. The improved methods of orushing ores, and extracting the precious metals, and many interesting details, were explained, during which I was still farther surprised to see the man I had beard called Jack, who was attending to some matters with the care and manner of a foreman ; and a fine looking commanding sort of person he was. Returning to tho commodious well-fur- nished office of the company, adjoining the works, and which vibrated to the beating of the stamp and the pulsations of machinery, I said : "By the way, Mr. Simpson, last year I was on the way ont to _ Grand River, and passing along here noticed a disturbance among some men at tho mouth of a minc ; and I remember your face and that of your foreman among those I saw." "YOB," replied the superintendent, "queer affair that." "Strike, was it 1" " Not exactly ; but thc men left me in the lurch all tho same, and one of them buildod better than he knew for me." The Superintendent then paused, and after some hesitation said : "The results of that affair have been somewhat remarkable. The facts arc these : A month before tho boys left the tunnel when wc worein about three hundred feet, one one of the men then at work «as killed by a large fragment of rock which unexpectdety fell out of the wall snd rolled over on him. The stone came over slowly, but he «as caught by the feet, and, as Le was being crushed, he called out loudly at first, ' chock thc rock ! chock thc rock 1' repeating the explanation more faintly until it became a whisper, then he was dead. Tho men (I was outside at the time) went to hie rescue instantly, but could do nothing until it was too late. " They then called notifying mo of what had happened, and as Boon as possible wc r.iiscd thc rock and tank thc body out, and, placing it on thc car, moved to thc mouth cf the tunnel, a funeral possession that is not often seen, I tell you. "Rough as thc miners aro, and accustomed to the harder phases of life out herc, they were much affected by thc death nf theil comrade ; and at once I begun to fuel thal in some way it would interfere with tin work. "Next day tho man was buried, and tl» day after, much to my satisfaction, thc met returned to the tunnel and work was resumed It was not long, however, before the nctinui of one of them attracted my attention, ll« was either giving way tu fear, I thought or up to some devilry. Ono evening hi said be didn't believe he would go auy mure and be told the boys where one man was killel in a mine more deaths were sure to follow ; and two or three times I found him pound- ing up rock at the mouth of tho tunnel, from which he seemed to be unexpectedly aroused. "Two weeks after tho 'plant,' as the boys called the burial, the man 1 have men- tioned declared ho had heard the painful explanation ' chock tite rock ' repeated iu the mine, while bB wat in advauoo of the rest, pushing in the oar, and asked the others as they came up, as if he were playing on their feelings, and trying to elicit au affirmative answer, if they had not heard it. None had. But next day oue of the others said he had, and the first one declared he had heard footsteps pass him. and seemed to go on into the mountain, the exclamation being repeated at thc time. " I had my own explanation of the matter, but the boyB only listened, while Tom Wilkins, the man referred to, scouted it. I told them if they enjoyed their little bit of superstition they could do so, and tried to ridicule them, telling them it would do for tender feet and children, but was thin gruel for men. Thc fact was, noises outside thc tnnnel, tho calls of drivers, explosive oaths at hesitating mules, thc creaking of cart- wheels, and thc sharp concussion from blasts, made curious echoes which »ero frequently beard inside. Sometimes our own talking made singular effects. Our own voioes, it would seem, were driven back into our lungs, and again a call would cease to bc heard with instant evddenness. Again a word or shout would be repeated when silence had followed the first utterance. It waa a matter of common occurrence for one of the men to ask : ' What did you say Bill V or ' How was that Tom !' when no one had spoken at least at that moment. Tom Wilkins had long noticed these things, and at first amused himself working thc lead with his musical mouth, the boys said. " It was not long before it was whispered that» Tom had seen Sam Frisbee's ghost, and the rest did not seem to question his veracity. A tunnel in the mountain-side, with the peculiarities and impulses I have mentioned isn't the cheerfulest place in the world. In fact its intolerably gloomy, and though men get used to almost anything, there are times when it requires a deal of resolution to over- come thc unnaturalness of the place. " Thc day you speak of Tom had been aoting queerly. Now and then he would pause in his work with his pick in the air, and listen, or look about him suspiciously. Again he would look intently to the ground, as if absorbed in some far away cogitation. Suddenly he dropped his tools, shouting there's Sam Frisbie now ; my God, let me out o' here, and made for the mouth of thc mine as fast as be could, followed by the entire outfit. I confess that the explanation and the stampede rather jarred ou me, and I -well, I did not remain. Jack Singleton afterwards said he just naturally tumbled to the racket along with.the rest, and thought Tom was in dead earnest, as now I know he was, in one sense. ' Well I paid them off, giving them due bills on the office in the Central, and im- mediately wrote to the company in St. Louis of what had happened. I told them it would be next to impossible under the circumstances, to get men to work, that another assessment would have to bo made, as I had but $400 on hand ; and to send me some men who would not be afraid to go into a minc. "I got reply that tho company was discouraged (one expensive tunnel having been abandoned), that I could do os I pleased, and not to expeat any further assistance. " Meanwhile I did what I could alone, One day while inside-a week or two days after the boys left me-I was startled to hear my name spoken, faintly at first, a whisper, as it seemed, increasing to a distinct call. Confound tho mine, I thought ; this thing is getting monotonous ; and in the second of time in whioh I was disturbed I determined to buy a dog and there after bring him with me for company. At tho lest call I answered, and in a moment Jack oame up. " ' Hello, Jack,' said I. ' how's this V " ' Beg your pardou, Mr. Simpson,' said he in reply ; ' I. would like to have a little talk with you.' " ' All right, Jack ; glad to see you in the hole again. I thought yon had skipped out with tte boys.' "'Mr.Simpson," said Jack with much deliberation, 'I kind o' think that ghost business waa a set-up job. Tom Wilkins is nobody's fool, you kuow, but I think I under- stand a thing or two, and I've Come back to talk the matter over ; and if it's all the same to you, if you can look over my talk that day, and going off with the boys, I'm ready to stay and work with yon.' " ' Its agreeable to me, Jack. What is it you wanted to talk over !' i " ' Well, Tom Wilkins, you know, is pretty handy with ores; he didn't work in Cali' fornia ten years for nothing. 'Tween me and you, sir, ho struck a picco of rock in herc that assays might be big money. Ho found it the time Sam Frisbie waa buried-he was in here alone most of the day-and sent it down to Denver to bo tested. A man that saw the assay made has been up twice to sec Tom, and yesterday I overheard 'em talking. Tom told him all about the ghost, a matter they had fixed up before about your being herc alone, and that ho believed that the company was about done up. Thc man gave Tom fifty dollars the first time he came, but (with a comical leer) I've got that money myself, and something more contributed by the others raked in the pot, with three of a kind, and kept it by baking out behind my shooter. He's keeping up his little game of thc mine by telling about the ghost, and blowing about you, kind o' throwing it out that you was mod at Sam, and had something to do with getting the rock over. Oh ; he's cheeky, be is. You needn't mind it, though, what ho says : I've fot tho d. w. (dead wood) on him, and I thiul am about as handy with the gun as bc is, il it comes to a dispute. There's going to bi some shooting Mr. Simpson.' " ' Not if I can help it, Jack,' I broke in 'Tom may bo bad, but 1 think wc can corra him, and.his Denver man too." " Well, air,'continued Jack, 'Tom's runj in Jim Welton (the others wouldn't train au] further), and last night at Jack M 'Cann's, I heard Tom say 'twould be easy enough to put ont your light in tho tunnel ; and d-n mo i they haven't arranged to shoot you to-morroi evening when you come out, and that's wir I'm here.' " ' Are you dead sure of that, Jake ?' '* ? Dead sure,' he replied. ' 1 was lcauin| up against tho pine boards in Jake's wasli room, and heard thc roosters talking outsidt there by that old mercury plato, between th corral and thc saloon.' "'Tom can't bavo anything against mc 1 said. ' I've shown him a good many favoui -got him out of tho crib (jail) when bc ha that row at Central last summer, nud IV paid him a week's wages in advancu half dozen times to scud money to bis wife' " ? Wained little he cares for that. Hu on the make' " Tho statement bothered mc some, and got to thiuking Jack himself was up to son ugly business : but I deemed rt best to concc; my suspicions aud hear him through. Jil Walton, whom Tom had associated wit according to .lack's story, was a miner I ha discharged for drunkeucss and pu cussedness. He had been beard to mal threats of getting even with me. "'Now, Mr. Simpson,' Jack continuel ' what do you say about it ? I've told ye what IJknow. Tom don't lore me since I won Iiis money, though I haven't got anything particular 'gainst him, except his low down game to Bcoop the mine.' " Avoiding directanswer Isaid : ' How about the find, Jack ? Where did hu get that rock V '"Oh, yes ; I forgot to toll you. Herc's a statement of thc essay ; he dropped it out of tho first lotter he got ; four big ligurcs, you see, and 1 belieT it's the clear quill. And now after what has happened, I re- membered seeing Tom examine the wall hore on the right where the rock fell out When Sam was killed." " Without further talk wo turnod to tho opening and cut out some of thc rock. To my amazement it showed colour, and was undoubtedly excellent ore. This muck there- fore in confirmation of Jack's story, and, in addition, it was a great fortune for mc, as I was seriously considering the necessity of giving up aud going back to the States. " Well, next morning Jack went into the tunnel with me, and we worked lively at the new lead, getting splendid specimens of ore. About 2 o'clock Jack, who had been gettiug uneasy, dropped his pick and told me he couldn't stand it any longer-ho should go over to tho house a half-mile away, and get his guu, meaning hie revolver. He had spoken of bringing it in the morning, in fact was putting on his belt, when I, prompted by my suspicions of him, dissuaded him, adding that I never carried a revolver, and didn't like to have men wear them or have them about while at work. " I was more than ever inclined to suspect him, notwithstanding his conversation had been frank and earnest, and ' consisted,' os the phrase is. I was determined not to bo caught asleep, however, and immediately decided upon a plan of action. I took an old army overcoat that had been hanging up in the mine ever since Frisbic was killed-wc had laid him out on it-and potting a block of wood endwiBC on thc car, drew thc coat around it, and put my cap on top, with thc lamp burning, so as to resemble a man sitting there, with his back to tho mouth of the mine. I shoved the car down to within a few yards of the opening aud then went back a short distance to await results. I concluded if Jack came back, and I had no cause to suspect him further, tn ask him how tho dummy would do to draw Tom Wilkins' fire, in case he made thc apprehended attack. "Jack had boen gone three-quarters of an hour, and had ample time to get back, when I beard voices and tho stealthy steps of men coming in. I sheltered myself behind a spur of rock, two rods beyond the car, and listened. I What a fool I am, I said to myself, to bo in hero without means of defending myself. There is a rich vein of gold in this tunnel, several men know of it, and I ought to have been wise enough to be on guard. But now it's too late ; I most sit here like a lump on a log, and wait. " My thoughts were interrupted by a fumbling movement of hands, the click of a revolver, and a low, urging voice, saying : " ' Hand to him now Jim I " Two shots were fired in quick succession, and my dummy tumbled off thc car. In an instant I heard Jack Singleton's voice : " ' Killed tho boss, have you î D-n your soul 1' followed by three or four shots that made terrific echoes and reverberations in the mine. For tho first tune I now seemed to have a clear comprehension of the situation, and rushing to the mouth, fearful of tho most frightful consequences, I called out : " ' Are you hurt Jack !' " ' My God I Mr. Simpson, ain't you killed r " ' No, not touched,' I replied, stepping over thc bodies of two men, and taking Jack by the hand ; ' who did the shooting ?' " ' Well I did some of it, as you see there,' he answered, pointing to the men on thc ground just inside the mine. And ghastly Bights they were, both still moving in the throes of death. " ' I thought they had the drop on you, Mr. Simpson,' said Jack, with a tremor in his voice, ' and I just give it to 'em good 1 Tom shot first and cut my cheek herc, you sec' " ' I suppose they would have got in their work as they intended, but I had an ar- rangement they were not counting on,' and toing in, tolling Jack to follow mc, I showed im how I escaped. "Grasping me by thc hand his only reply was " ' Better 'n four acres, by thunder 1' "There was considerable excitement in regard to the affair, "but it soon blew over, and no further trouble resulted. But the Denver man, who undoubtedly had sot Wilkins up to the murderous business, managed to get away and keep himself unknown. Thc company gave mo prompt assistance, and tho minc Bas been very profitable. Jack does splendidly as foreman, and it is my principal regret that I ever thought he was other than the man he is, a man of pluck and honour. His regret, which will follow him to the grave, is, that it ever became necessary for him to take human life,"-Detroit Echo. 