MELBOURNE NEWS. from our own correspondent. ' Saturday ovoning. .The waiting lor promotion of tho passod over civil servants might well form a thomo fur the essayist. And when after wenry yoare tho acci dent of politics places in office o Minister keen enough to percuivo merit, and strong enough to recognise it, it is often found that tho long years have robbed tho promotion nchiovod so lato ot its chief charm. Kellections iiko these arise whoii one reflects that Mr Henry Moors, so long tho chief clerk of tho Police department, has been atlonglh promoted to tho oliief clerkship in tlio higher branch of tho Under-Secretary, which is regarded as tho pre sumptive hairdom to tho Undor- Secrotnryship itself. Mr Moors liaB boen for twenty -eight years in. tho ono Bervice. Ho haB seen his junior officers paBS from below him to success. Ono has attained the. Inspector-Generalship of Penal Departments in New South Wales ; another (the gonial Harriiuari) has rightly risen to bo chief - of our 1 Crown Law 'department ; and ngain gentle: Jaok Fosborry, who has become tho sub-head of almost a little department of his own. . And now his. turn has come, as it doestomo3t; peopio .who can wait. . ,He now steps upstairs into comparatively a new career, and patience reaps its reward. What a lesson lies in this fact to the wholo of the Civil ser vice 1 Somo time ago I told you that the present constitution of the Central Board of Health was unsatisfactory. It has' become cumbered with fossils and npeds re- organisation, and tlio letting in of Bomo 'sunlight from men of fresh ideas. Tlie change is likely to take place soon, and you may prepare '.yourselves to witness the dissolution of Jhp present Board, and Jhe appointment of a new one in which several of the best of tho exist ing ono will' havo a place. Dr Youl lias had -a long -conference with tho Chief Socretary, the effect being that he alleges Mr Graham Mitcholl's calves do not suffer from odw-'pock nit all,- but from a bastard disease which he describes as white pock, and which he asserts is not protective against small-pox. Mr TBerrylias askod him to report fully on tho whole subject7 hhd recognises "that if bis contention ho proved, the; present- system of , vaccination at tlie Hoyal "Park inust :not bo permitted to con tinue. - A prisoner, employed in the carpenters' shop at Pentvidge bad bis band severely lacerated by a circular, saw to-day. Tho wound bled freely, and the sufferer had to be placed under chloro form while it was being' attended"to. The cut is of the" nature that was formerly supposed to cause lock-jaw! but the 'patient is progressing favourably." 1 . -In the Insolvency Court to-day : tho investi gation into 'the' affairs of Robert Carter was continued.. The- insolvent was examined in referenco to' bis' transactions with' a Sandridge pawnbroker named Cook, who is sot down as a creditor in the estate for 7L470. Carter states that bo. borrowed this amount at various times froin Cook, anil gave liim jewellery' as security. It was elicited , that tho insolvent expected to get money with bis wife wbicli would cover the. sums borrowed. During tlio examination; Air Phillips, severely handled Car- tor, and. accused, bim of. committing peijury in jpving,too7maiden pome of his wife. The en- quiry, was , adjoin-ned until -.Thursday next, when the iiinsqlvont' will ,b'o required to file an account of tho' goods lodged with Cook. As usual ' a couple of 7detcctives attended; in coiud; to wateh the qirdoeodings. 1 A very. sad: case, was heard in the Emerald Hill Court to-day, when Edith Bain, a young widow, sued William Banks, a tailor and cutter, for the maintenance of his illegitimate child, of which he was1 the father. It appeared that -the -de fendant met her at - a dance, and afterwards their intimacy developed to such an extent that he seduced hor under premise of marriage. When the true state of , affairs was known he eddied off visibly," arid the . young! woman' went to Tasmania '.to hide her shame, where she gave birth to the child. She -afteriyards re turned to prosecute this case. VYheii placed in .the witness-box, Banks denied ever having im proper intimacy with the complainant. THeis a ! married man with a family, which makes- his jorime the more vile. Tho Benoh ordered him ;to pay I2s;Gd per week towards the . support !of thd child, and to find two sureties 'of L25 i that he would comply therewith. Ho was also .'ordered to pay L5. 53 costs. | r The Yictorian Amateur Turf Olub held what !is termed! the Ladies'! Trophy Meeting on the ICauIfield course to-day, at which five events were contested, with the following results : — The Sell- ,ing Race, Castaway, 1; Nymphe, 2; Whisperer, 3. jThe Hurdle Race — Buzza, 1; Triplet, 2 ; Miller, 3\. Tho Gold Cup — Black Jacket, 1 ; Abdaliah, '2 y Yerlo 3. 1 Tho Ladies' Trophy.— Tho Ghost, 1 ; Siddington, 2 ; Transferred, 3. The Steeple chase. — General JackBon, 1 ; Yaulter, 2 ; Napo leon, 3. I The body !of a man , named. Henry Franz was found in tho Yarra. - Ho was a resident of Fitz- roy, and has boen missing since tho 12th inst.,-on jwhioh date he left his home, saying he was going; to'see some friends. 