SPORTING NOTES. Bx "NlWHABK&r.;" Shortly alter mid day on Saturday, the toosin xang oat at Flemington, and proclaimed that the curtain had ascended on the spring racing festival, and although the first act of the equine drama was only a partial success, there is every reason to anticipate that the ensuing season will be a particularly basy one. Unfortunately for the interests of the Melbourne Hunt Glub, there was a manifest reluctance on the part of owners to show tteir hands, and consequently the fields in most of the events were considerably reduced. The downpour of the previous evening had a beneficial effect upon the course, and though the ground was a trifle holding in its nature, the running track was in excellent order. Mr. Brunet, the new caterer for refreshments for the V.B.C., entered upon his contract for the first time, and provided a capital luncheon. Proceedings opened with the Hurdle Race, which was reduced to three competitors, and as Yarree bad the assistance of Batty, she had most followers. The ancient Pemberley made most of the running, but as they entered the straight his condition began to fail, and Yarree managed to dispose of him rather easily at the finish. Lottie, who looked very well, fell heavily at the back of the course, and broke her leg, and had to be destroyed. Young Perkins, her rider, received a severe shaking, and for a time was rendered insensible. Halifax experienced no difficulty in settliog the pretentions of The Nymph and Frou Frou in the Selling Bace, and on being submitted was knocked down to Mr. J. M'Phaii, of Ballarat, for 70 guineas. Frou Frou was claimed, and Mr. Harper had to bid 60 guineas to retain possession of the daughter of King of the Bing. With so tempting a bait in view as the Findon Harriers' Gold Vase, owners of hunters showed no inclination to allow their horses fo compete for the Hunt Club Gup, and tbe field was reduced to four runners ; Becovery, a big gelding by Patchwork, being a strong favourite at oddB on. The quartette got well away, but at the first obstacle Banker qnd Tallboy baulked. Beaovery then went to the front, and led Daylight by about a dozen lengths to the turn, where Mr. Jones, on the favourite, mistcok the oourse, and turned into the straight running instead of keeping on the steeplechase course. This gave young Godfrey Watson a great advantage, and before Becovery was brought back, Daylight obtained such a long lead that he was never headed. Becovery baulked at tbe log wall in front of the stand, and though he got over at the second attempt, he could never make up his lost ground, and Daylight ran home the easiest of winners by nearly half a dozen lengths. The rider cf Tallboy displayed more eourage than skill in the few fences he managed to negotiate, and fell on his horse's neck at every jump. At the paling fence the horse and rider parted company, and though he was quickly re mounted, it was plain that his rider had had enough of it, for he made the most feeble effort to induce his horse to take the log wall. Godfrey Watson rode with all the family skill and judgment, and the clever style in which Daylight got over his fenceB was a treat to witness. The winner is a son of the defunct stallion King Alfred, the sire of Inglesides and other celebrated steeple chasers. Considerable interest was centred in the Flying Stakes, for which half a score of youngsters sported' silk. Bonnie Fortune, on the strength of her win in the Sapling Stakes at Caulfield, was in good request, though not a few elected to stand the South Australian filly Sandal. Falkirk had a fair following, and some regarded the chance of Concord with favour. Mr. Watson was not as punctual as usual, and as a lengthened delay occurred at the start through the fractious- ness of Invictus and Concord, some time elapsed before the lot were despatched on th8ir journey, Invictus being left at the post. Several of the youngsters displayed consider able greenness, and Concord and Falkirk steered a most erratic coarse. Sandal ran very truely, and held her position to the end without the slightest effort. The winner was bred by .Mr. Blackler, of South Australia, and was got by the imported horse Winterlake from Instep, the dam of Footstep and Lord Wilton. She is engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate and Y.A.T.C. Great Foal Stakes, and from the easy manner in which she settled the pretensions of Bonnie Fortune, she should be very hard to beat for both events, though from market indications it would appear that the stable companion, Helene, holds her quite safe for the former event, and in such a case the Sonth Aus tralian representative will make a bold bid for victory at Flemington next month. After the Geelong meeting, Scobie eased Vaulter in hiB work, and the result was that the son of The Aoe was very fresh on Saturday, and, as Blackthorn was burdened with more weight than he was master of, the chesnut horse had little difficulty in beating Squire in the run home. Liddingtoa was' most fancied for the Handicap Fiat Bace, but, though he succeeded in running a dead heat for third place with The Cockney, he could not get near Phantom. Squireen, considering that he is not a weight- carrier, ran very well, and if he can etay a mile and a half he should run very pro- f minently for the Caulfield Cup with only 7st I 21b in the saddle ; but, however, I shall have , something to say about this event in next t week's issue of The Weekly Times, when I I trust that I shall be as fortunate in selecting I (be winner as I was last year when Little Jack bore out my predictions by beating Verdure and my plaoe selection, Gipsy Cooper. Once again the spring racing carnival of tbe Y.A.T.C. has worked ronnd, and to-day Due of the most important gatherings of the year will commence at Caulfield. All kinds of improvements have been effected during the past few months, and Mr. Bond has done everything in his power to enhance the en joyment of the meeting and increase the comfort of the visitors. While devoting attention to the convenience of the public, the wants of owners and trainers have not been overlooked, and considerable improve ment has been made in the running track, which is now in capital order. An exoellent straight six-furlongs coarse has been laid out for two-year-old races, and owners can now rely upon getting eb true a run at tbe heath as that obtainable at Flemington. The programme to be decided to-day comprises half a dozen events, the initial item being the Selling Bace, which has the large entry of seventeen, and as Egerton is a cut above the company in which he is associated, he shonld win, and next to him I like Halifax and John Peel Game is awarded the place of honour in the Hurdle Bace, with 12et. fib. ; but, good horse though he is, he will not be able to cope successfully with others I shall mention. Estimated by his last running at Caulfield, Bhesus is not favourably treated with list. 131b.; but Buzza, at 91b., less, should possess an excellent show, and if the pieces are on, I shall look to him to win, with Bingwood and Avalanche in the places. Without going through tbe list of young sters engaged in the Great Foal Stakes seriatim, I may as well declare my fancy for the South Australian filly, Sandal, who fairly romped home at Flemington on Saturday. Mr. Do Mestre has Coir, the recently-named Cocoanat colt, and a coit by Bobinson Crusoe \- — Luna, running in his interest. The last- named youngster is not likely to start, and I have not Seen Coir do sufficient fast work to justify my selecting him as a probable winner. Mr. Whittingham has a couple of nice colts in Merrimu and Timboon. The former is beautifully bred, as Chiffoniere, his dam, was got by Tarragon from Rag picker, by Fisherman from that grand old mare, Juliet. Mr. Whittingham has been rather unfortunate daring the past season, and as he is one of the few owners who always go for the cake, the success of the black and gold banner would be very popular. Next to Sandal and Merrimu, I incline to the chances of Parapluie, a very consistent daughter of Julien Avenel, from Jessie's dam, who is said tohe itnfneform. The intercolonial character of the Caulfield Guineas promises to be well saetained. Last year South Australia furnished the favourite in Guesswork, who, however, failed to distinguish himself, and Fryingpan scored an easy win. This year South Aus tralia is represented by Sardius and Bis Bis. The former is a. well-grown colt, but his performances so far have not been of euch a meritorious order as to induce one to select hipi as an absolute winner. Bis Bis is a speedy filly, but she is somewhat backward in condition. The St. Albans stable will be represented by Taurus ; but I fancy that Delusion will win, and I like Olga and Duenna better than anything else. Becovery should land the Amateur Challenge Cup, and Paul or ffparke the Toorak Handicap. Finding that it would be impossible to get Kit Nubbles ready for the Melbourne Cup, his owner has thrown him out of work. Robert the Devil has also been thrown out of train ing, and, I believe, has been sent home to his owner's station. Essex, by King Cole — Tiny Lye, has gone into J. Redfera's stables at Williamstown, and Queen Mary has been sent to Geelong on a visit to St. Albans, the sire of Stookwell and Malua. While on a visit to Flemington during the week I was shown a circular, published by a Ballarat saddler, and sent by post to several well-known trainers. The circular is headed ' 1,000 to 1," and calls owners and trainers' attention to the fact that they can purchase 21b, and 4lb. training saddles, weighing from, 2 st. to 4 st. weight . " These saddles," says the maker, " should be kept a seoret, as they will defy the whole touting fraternity, and beat the very devil himself." What a consum mate gentleman this inventive Ballarat saddler mast be. Some time ago it became known that certain unscrupulous members of the Victoria Bacing Glub were in the habit of concealing their tickets as they passed out of the gate communicating between the grand -stand and hill, and receive a pass from the ticket-taker. This pass they would give to a dead-head friend, the member re-entering the stand on his member's ticket. Knowing that this contemptible dodge was extensively practised, Mr. H. Byron Moore personally kept watch at the Hunt Cljab Meeting on Saturday last, and succeeded in catching one wrong-doer flagrante delicto. Mr. Moore has taken possession of the ticket, and ths offending member will in all probability be expelled from the olnb. According to a telegram from Sydney, Martini-Henri is reported to have run an excellent gallop at Randwiok over the Derby distance with Despot, whom he easily defeated. First Demon, Bristol, and Lord of the Lake, in oharge of Lawson, are due at bead- quarters on Friday. Dirk Hatterack, Koh- i-noor, and others of the Adelaide contingent will arrive in a few days, and will be followed by the Beveral strings of the Hon. J. White, Messrs. T. Lamond, Aiisop, and Bales. . By cablegram I learn that the Cesarewitoh Stakes, of 25 eovs. each, with 300 eovs. added, second horse to receive 200 sovs., and the third horse 100 sovs., two miles two furlongs and twenty -eight yards, was run at Newmarket on TneBday last, and won by Mr. G. Lambert's ch c Don Juan by, John DaviB Ladylike, with Mr. B. Peck's b f Haok- ness, by Albert Victor— -Ciceley Hacket, 5 yrs, second, and the Duke of Hamilton's b c Cosmos, by Hollywood — Niagara, 3 yrs, third. A rumour is current in town that the New- „ comen, which sailed for India with a valuable shipment of horses belonging to Mr. E. | Weeks, has encountered very bad weather, and that Transferred, The Ghost, Mistaken, ' Bed Rover, and about ninety others, have g.NAIi'-i i y, . .tr.. .1 been lost. Ab the animals were only insured Bgainsl a total loss, the disaster, If true, will fall heavily on Mr. Weeks, who, it is esti mated, will lose abont £6,000 on the afaip- ment. Stoakdale, Garfield, and Lord Exeter ar rived -from Sydney on Tuesday, and have joined Tom Brown's string at the Laurel hotel. It additional proof were required of the growing popularity in Australia of the fascinating sport of horseraoing, oneglanoe at the magnificent entries received on Thnrsday for the ensuing Spring Meeting of the V.R.C. would suffice. The programme, in some respects, differs from that of last year, but wherever an alteration has been made the new items have justified their inclusion. Starting with the time-honoured Melbourne Stakes, the list Bhowa an entry of nineteen, which is four more than that of the previous year, when Darebin proved successful. The Hotham Handicap has closed with forty entries, against twenty-four of last _ year. That selling races can be made attractive to a superior class of horses if a respectable sum is added to the stake is evidenced by the thirty-four candidates engaged in the item which has substituted the Eseendon Stakes. The forty -nine in the Goburg Stakes is an increase of three on last year's event. On the second day, the Hurdle Race will take the place of the Maiden Plate, the list showing tweDty- one nominations. It is somewhat strange, that although the entries in nearly all the events show a considerable inorease, the number of nominations in the 2-year-old raees exhibit an appreciable falling off, the diminution in the Flemingtion Stakes being particularly noticeable, as the figures show forty- five against sixty. Twenty-nine are engaged in the Railway Stakes, fourteen in the Darling Stakes, and sixty-four in the Yan Yean Stakes. Proceedings will open on the third day with the Maiden Plate, which has filled with twenty- three nominations, against twelve of the previous year. The fifty-two in the Spring Handicap is an in crease of fourteen. Forty-seven are engaged in the Veteran Stakes, and fifty-six in the V.R.C. Handicap, against thirty of last year. The Free Handioap has the splendid entry of seventy. Taken altogether, the result is highly gratifying, and as the total entries show an increase of 169, the next meeting of the V.R.C. promises to be the most suc cessful ever held at Flemington. Mr. W. S. Cox has put forward another tempting little bill of fare for the Moonee Valley Gup Meeting, to be ron on Saturday, 27th October. Tbe programme includes the Ngarveno Handicap, of 50 sovs., for two- year-olds, five furlongs ; Selling Rase, of 30 sovs., winner to be sold for 120 sovs., four furlongs; the Moonee Ponds Cap, of 100 sovs., one mile; Handicap Steeplechase, of 50 sovs., about two miles, and the Phoenix Handicap, of 40 sovs., six furlongs. Since the opening meeting at Mr. Cox's new course, a brush hurdle has been placed in the centre of the water-jump, which will add consi derably to the attractiveness of the race. Nominations will be due on Monday next, the 15th inst., at the Victoria hotel, Bonrke street. " Martindale," of the Town and Country Journal, and " Nemo," of the Sydney Mail , have arrived in Melbourne, and will repre sent their respective journals at the V.A.T.C. and V.R.C. Spring Meetings. King Charles palled up lame after a gallop at Gaulfield on Thursday morning, which will necessitate his being thrown out of work. Messrs. Ogilvie,£Robinson, and Co., of Geelong, report the arrival of the following mares at the St. Albans stud on a visit for tbe season : — Mr. D. S. Wallace's (of Ballark) sends Little Nell and Sally Brass; Mr. P. Glenni8ter (Melbourne), Pilgrimage; Mr. J. Redfern ( Williamstown), Imogene ; Mr. J. C. Cooper (Willeroo.Goulburn, N.S.W.), Rose bud; Mr. J. Harper (Melbourne), Horticul ture; Mr. A, Chalk (Carisbrook), Storm- wash. Daring the week there has been a farther addition to the already long string of horses at Flemington. Amonget the new arrivals are Bon Bon, Gypsy's Warning, Chryso- pbr&se;, First Demon, Ascot, Tbe Gem, Sensation, Agitation, Albatross, Koh-i-noor, The Egyptian, Gymkhana, The Joker, and Conrad. V.A.T.C. Scratchings. — Canlfield Cup : Welcome Jack, Robert the Devil, Dunstan, Eva, Trump Yoss, Vagabond, Masquerade, Caba, Too Too, Wizard, Manfred; Britisher, Buttercup, Odd Trick, Linda, Despot, Colstoun. First Hurdle Race : Ontario, Songster, Dundreary, Spring, Schemer, T«<irlxr Rftmridfiii- "Rhpana. "Ranker. Tnorab , 7 — — — " Handicap : Squireen, King Sol, The Israelite, Phantom, Contessina, The Cockney. Chal lenge Cap : Clansman, Bayard. Second Hurdle Race : Lottie. Steeplechase : Kanaka, Banker. Great Foal Stakes: Sportive. Findon Harriers' Vase : Bayard. Welcome Jack, Forest King, Eva, Doncas- ter, Le Bean. Masquerade, Cuba, Milparinka, Maid of the Hills, Gloucester, Zulu, Countess, Peveril, and Pell Mell have been scratched fnr the Melbourne Can. All nnoraoemantfi ; Warwick. V.R.C. Derby : Middlemaroh. 