The House of White Shadows. CHAPTER XXI. A BATTLE WITH CONSCIENCE. BY B.L. FARJEON. Author of "Blado-o'grass," "Joshua Marvel," "Broad and Cheese and Kisses," " Grif," " London's Heart," &c.; ALONE in his study, the Advocate had time to review his position. His first feeling, when he listened to Gautran's confession, had been one of unutterable horror, and this feeling was upon him when he entered the villa. It had been his intention, after exchanging a few necessary words with his wife, and with Arthur Balcombe, whose arrival he had expected, to retire at once to his study and reflect upon this new and horrible turn in the case of Gautran. It would have been easy for him to find an excuse for withdrawing himself from the society of his wife and his friend. Hi* in tention was frustrated by the unexpected presence of guests, in whose eyes his absence would have appeared strange. This it was im perative to avoid; he recognised the impor tance of not drawing upon himself and his movements any unusual attention. He was therefore compelled to remain with his guests, and take part in a conversation which added to his difficulties. Had he been silent lie might have laid himself open to injurious construc tion. From his outward demeanour no person could have guessed how terrible was his inward agitation. Self-repression was in him a second nature. The habit of concealing his thoughts had been of incalculable value in his profession, and had materially assisted in many of his great victories. But now he was alone, and when he had locked his study door ho threw off the mask. * The Bnltj'risrht of publication in Qne<nHi:mrl of "The House of While Htm<low3°'lius been pur chased by the Brisbano Newspaper C'ompuuy, Limited. He had been proud of this victory; it was the greatest he had ever achieved. He knew that it would increase his fame, and that it was an important stop in the ladder it had been the delight of his life to climb. For, cold as he appeared, and apparently indifferent to success, his aiuliition was vast, overpowering. His one great aim had been not only to achieve the highest, distinction while he lived, but to leave behind him a name which would be placed at the head of all his class —a clear and unsullied name which men in after times should quote as a symbol of the triumph of intellect. It was the .sublimity of egotism, contemptible when allied with intellectual inferiority and weak ness of character, but justifiable in his case, because it was in association with a force of mental gifts little short of marvellous. In the exercise of his public duties he had been careful never to take a false step. Before he committed himself to a task he invariably made a study of its minutest detail; conned it over and over, Btripped it of its outward aspect, probed it to its very heart, added facets to it which lay not only within the region of probability but possi bility ; and the result had been that his triumphs were spoken of with wonderment as something almost higher than human, and within the capacity of no other man. It had occurred that the popular voice was against the cause he espoused, but it was never raised against him, and perhaps the sweetest reward which was ever bestowed on him was when, in an unpopular cause which he had con ducted to victory, it was afterwards proved that the man he had championed—whose very name was an offence —was in honest truth a victim instead of a wronger. This had so frequently occurred that it had grown into a fashion to say, "Ho must have right on his side, or the Advocate would not defend him." Here, then, was a triple alliance of justice, truth, and humanity—and he the vindicator and upholder of right. In another sphere of life, and in times when the dragon of oppression was weighing heavily upon a people's liberties, such achieve ments as his would have caused the champion to be worshipped as a saint—certainly as a hero imbued with kingly qualities. No man really deserves this altitude, though it bo sometimes reached. Human nature is too imperfect, its undercurrents are not suffi ciently transluceut for truth's face to be re flected as in a crystal. But we judge the deed, not the doer, and the man is sometimes crowned the working of whose inner life, were it laid bare, would shock and disgust. It was when he was at the height of his fame that the Advocate met Adelaide. Hitherto he had seen but little of women, or, seeing them, had passed them lightly by ; but there comes a time in the lives of most men, even of the greatest, when they are abruptly arrested by an influence of which they never dreamed. Only once in his life had the Advocate wandered from the path he had formed for himself, but it was an idle wandering, partly prompted by a small and unworthy desire to prove himself, of two men, the superior, and he had swiftly and effectually thrown the folly aside, never again to be indulged in or renewed. That was many years ago, and had been long forgotten when Adelaide appeared to him, a star of love liness, which proved, what few would have believed, that he had a heart. The new revelation was to him at first a source of infinite gladness, and he yielded to the enchantment. But after a time he questioned himself as to the wisdom of this infatuation. It was then, however, too late. The spell was upon him, and it did not lie in his power to remove it. And when he found that this sweet pleasure did not, as it would have done with most men, interfere with his active duties—nay, that it seemed to infuse a keener relish into their fulfilment—he asked himself the question, Why not? In the simple prompting of the question lay the answer. He possessed an immense power of concen tration. With many subjects claiming close attention, he could dismiss them all but the one to which it was necessary he should devote himself, and after much self-communing he satisfied himself that love would be no block to ambition. And, indeed, so it proved. Adelaide, dazzled by the attentions of a man who stood so high, accepted his worship, and, warned by friends not to be exigent, made no demands upon his time wliich interfered with his duties. He was a devoted but not a passionate lover. On all side* she was congratulated : it gratified her. By many she. was envied—that delighted her; and she took pleasure in showing how easily she could lead this man, who to all other women was cold as ice. In those days it was out of her own vanity and thirst for conquest that she evolved pleasure in the association of her name with his. After their marriage he strove to interest her in the cases upon which he was engaged, but discovering that her tastes did not lie in that direction he did not persist in his endeavour. It did not lessen his love for her, nor her hold upon him. She was to him on this night as she had been all through— a sweet, affectionate, pure woman, who gave him as much love and honour as a man so much older than herself could reasonably expect. Something of what has been here expressed passed through his mind as he reflected upon the events of the day. How should he deal with <iautran's confession? That was the point he debated. When he undertook the defence he had a firm belief in the man's innocence. He had stated the case exactly as he had con ceived it. Vile, degraded, brutal, without a redeeming feature—but not the murderer of Madeline the flower-girl. He reviewed tKe case again carefully to see whether he could have arrived at any other conclusion. He could not perceive a single defect in his theory. He was justified in his own eyes. He knew that the entire public sentiment was against him, and that he had convinced men against their will. He knew that there was imported into this matter a feeling of resentment at his successful otrorfs to s.->t Gnufrnn free. What, then, had iuluo'd him ti> come forward vuhm tarily in defence of this monster? He asUod the question of himself aloud, and ho answered it aloud—A reverence for justice. It consok-d him somnwh.it. lie had not indulged in self deception when he declared to Gautrau's judges t iat the leading principle of his life had been a do ire for justice in small matters as well :i< irroat—for the meanest equally with the loftiest of his fellow-creatures. That it did not clash with his ambition was his good fortune. It was not tainted because of this human coincidenc \ S<; far, then, he was justified in his own os'.inution. But he iiiust In: justified also in the eyes of the world: and here intruded the torturing doubt who-her Miis wore possible. If he made it known to the worid that Gautran was guilty, th^ answer would be, "We kuow it, anl k lew it, as we believe you your self did w.ale you were working to set him free; why did you prevent justice boingdone upon a murderer?" "But I believed him inno cent," he would say; "only now do I know him to be guilty." " Upon what grounds ?" would be asked. "Upon Gautran's own confession, given to me alone, on a lonely road, within an hour after the delivery of the verdict." He saw the incredulous looks with which this would be received. He put himself in the place of the public, and he asked, " Why at such a time, on such a spot, did Gautran con fess to you ? What motive had he ? You are not a priest, and the high road is not a con fessional !" He could supply to this question no answer which common sense would accept, and, say that Gautran was questioned, as ne would assuredly be, he would deny the state ment point blank. Liberty is sweet to all men. Then it would be one man's statement against another's; he would be on an equality with Gautran—reduced to his level; and in the judgment of numbers of people Gautran would have the advantage over him. Sides would be taken; he himself in a certain sense would be placed upon his trial, and public resentment, which now was smothered, and would soon be quite hushed, would break out against him. Was he strong enough to withstand this? Could he arrest the furious torrent which would set towards him? could he overcome it—could he drive it back, and stand un wounded on the shore—pure and scatheless in the eyes of man ? He doubted. He was too profound a student of human nature not to know that his fair fame would be blotted, and that there would be a stain upon his reputation which would cling to him to the last day of his life. Still he questioned himself, " Should he dare it, and brave it. and bow his head?" Who humbles himself lays himself open to the blow, and men are not merciful when the chance is offered to them. But he would stand clear in his own eyes; his conscience would approve. To none but himself would this he known inward approval his sole reward, his sole com pensation. A hero's work, however! For a moment or two he glowed at the contemplation. He soon cooled down, and with a smile, partly of self-pity, partly of self-despisal, proceeded to the calmer consideration of the matter. The meaner qualities came into play. The world did not know. What reason was there that it should be enlightened ?—that he should enlighten it to his own injury? The Becret belonged to two men—to himself and Gautran. It was not likely Gautran would blurt it out to others; he valued his liberty too dearly. So that it was as safe as though it were buried in a deep grave. • As for the wrong done, it was a a silent wrong. To ruin oneself tor a sentiment would be madnesss; no one really suffered. The unfortunate girl was at rest. She was a stranger; no person knew her, or was interested in her, except for her beauty; she left no family—no father, mother, or sisters—to mourn her cruel death. There was certainly the woman spoken of as Pauline, but she had dis appeared, and was probably in no way related to Madeline. What more likely than that the elder woman's association with the younger arose out of a desire to trade upon the girl's beauty, and appropriate the profits to her own use ? A base view of the matter, but natural, human. And, having reaped a certain profit out of their trade in flowers, larger than was suspected, the crafty woman of the world had deliberatelydeserted Madeline, and left her to her fate. Why, then, should ho step forward as her avenger, to the destruction of the great name he had spent the best fruits of his mind and the best years of his life to build up? To think of such a thing was quixotism run mad. One of the threads of these reflections—that which forced itself upon him as the toughest and the most prominent—was contempt of himself for permitting his thoughts to wander into a current so base. But that was his concern; it affected no other person so long as he chose to hold his own counsel. The difficulty into which he was plunged was not of his seeking. Fate had dealt him a hard stroke; he received it on his shield instead of on his naked body. Who would say that that was not wise ? What other man, having the option, would not have done as he was about to do ? He had not alone himself to consider. The happiness, the peace of mind, of the woman he loved were in his keeping. If he fell, she fell with him. He had no right to inflict humilia tion upon her. "Cunning sophist, cunning sophist," his conscience whispered to him, "think not that wandering in these crooked paths of reasoning you can give the talisman which will transform wrong into right, or remove the stain which will rest upon your soul." Ho answered his conscience—" To none but myself is ray soul visible. Who, then, can see the stain?" His conscience replied—" God!" "I will confess to Him," he said, "but not to man." "There is but one right course," his con science said; "juggle as you may, you know that there is but one right course. " I know it," he said, boldly; " but lam cast in human mould, and am not strong enough, heroic enough, for the sacrifice you would im pose upon me." " Listen," said his conscience, " a voice from the grave is calling to you." He heard the voice—" Blood for blood !** He stood transfixed. The images raised by that silent voice were appalling. They culmin ated in the impalpable shape of a girl, with pallid face, gazing sadly at him, over whose form seemed to be traced in the air the lurid words, " Blood for blood '."—God's decree. The vision lasted but for a brief space. In the light of his strong will such airy terrors could not long exist. Blood for blood I It once held undisputed sway, but there are great and good men who look upon the fulfilment of the stern decree as a crime. Mercy, humanity, and all the higher laws of civilisation were on their side. But he could not quito stifle the voice. He took another view. Supposing that he yielded to the whispering of his conscience say that, braving all the consequences of his action, he denounced Gautran. The man had already been tried for murder, and could not be tried again. Set this aside. Say that a way were discovered to bring Gautran again to the bar of earthly justice ; of what value was the new evidence that could be brought against Jura ? His own bare word—his recital of an interview of which he held no proof, and which Grutran's simple <lcni:il would be sutHcient to destroy. Place this new evidence against the evidence he himself had established in proof of Gautran's innocence, and it became a feather weight. A lawyer of mediocre attainments could blow away such evidence with a breath. It would injure only him who brought it for ward. He decided. The matter must rest where it waa. In silence lay safety. It was not probable that he and Gautran would ever meet again. There was still another argument in favour of this conclusion. The tune for making public the horrible knowledge of which he had become possessed was past. After he had received Gautran's confession he should not have lost a moment in communicating with the authorities. Not only had he allowed the hours to slip by without taking action, but in the conversation initiated that evening by Pierre Lamont, in which he had joined, he had tacitly committed himself to the countenance of a belief in Gautran's innoceace. He saw no way out of the fatal construction which all who knew him, as well as all who knew him not. would place upon this line of conduct. He had been caught in a trap of his own setting, but he could hide his wounds. Yes; the question was answered. He must preserve silence. This long self-communing: had exhausted him. He could not sleep. He could neither read nor study. His mind required relief and solace in companionship. His wife was doubtless asleep ; he would not disturb her. He would go into his friend's chamber; happily Bal combe would be awake, and they would pass an hour in sympathising converse. Balcombe had asked him, whan they bade each other good night, whether he intended immediately to retire to rest, and he had answered that he had much to do in his study, and should probably be up till late in the night. " I will not dis turb you," Balcorabe had said, " but I, too, am in no mood for sleep. I have letters to write, and if you happen to need society come to my room, and wo will have one of our old chats. As he quitted the study to seek his friend, the soft silvery chimes of a clock on the mantel proclaimed the hour. He counted the strokes. It was midnight. Chapter XXII. OAUTHAN FINDS A REFUGE. WHEN John Vanbrugh found hinißelf alone, he cried, "What, the devil! Tired of my company already ! That is a fine compliment to pay to a gentleman of my breeding! Gautran! Gautran !" He listened. No answer came. "A capital disappearance," he con tinued, "in its way dramatic. The scene, the time, all agreeing. It does not please inc. Do you hear me, Gautran ?" he shouted, "it does not please me. I am not used to be treated in this cavalier style. If I were not tied to this spot in the execution of a most important mission, I would after you, my friend, and teach you better manners. He drank my brandy, too, the ungrateful rogue. A waste of good liquor, a sheer waste. You get no more, friend, without paying its equivalent." Vanbrugh indulged in this soliloquy without allowing his wrath to in terfere with his watch; not for a single moment did he shift his gaze from the windows of the Advocate's study. " Now, what induced him," he continued, after a pause, "to spirit himself away so mysteriously? From the violent fancy he expressed for my company, I regarded him as a fixture; one would have supposed he intended to stick to me like a limpet to a rock. Suddenly, without rhyme or reason, and just as the conversation was getting interesting, ho takes French leave, and makes himself scarce. I hope ho has not left his ghost behind him — the ghost of pretty Madeline. Not likely, though. When a partnership such as that is entered into— devilish unpleasant and inconvenient it must be—it is not dissolved so easily. Perhaps he was spirited away—wanted, after the fashion of our dear Lothario, Don Giovanni. There was no blue fire about, however, and I smell no brimstone. No, he disappeared of his own prompting; it will repay thinking over. He said his phantom—even my holy presence could not keep her from him. He murdered her— not a doubt of it —and tho Advocate has proved bis innocence. Were it not a tragedy I should feel disposed to laugh. We were speaking of the Advocate when ho darted off. But you cannot escape me, Gautran; we shall meet again. An acquaintanceship so happily com menced must not be allowed to drop, nor shall it, while it suits my purpose. At length, John Vanbrugh, you are learning to be wise. You allowed yourself to be fleeced, sucked dry, and being thrown upon the rocks, stripped of fortune and the means to woo it, you strove to live as knaves live, upon the folly of others like yourself. But you were a poor hand at the trade. You were never cut out for a knave; and you passed through a succession of reverses so infernally hard as almost to break an honest man's heart. It is all over now. I see the sun. Bright days arc before you, John—the old days over again; but you will spend your money more prudently, my lad ; no squander ing ; exact its value; be wise, bold, determined, and you shall not go down with sorrow to the {;rave. Edward, my old friend, if I had the iquor, I would drink to you. As it is" As it was he wafted a mocking kiss towards the House of White Shadows, and patiently continued his watch. Meanwhile Gautran had not been idle. Upon quitting Vanbrugh, the direction he took was from the House of White Shadows ; Vanbrugh had observed this, and was not .aware that it was done to deceive him. For when Gautran was at a safe distance from Vanbrugh, out of sight and hearing, he paused, and deliberately set his face towards the villa. He skirted the hill occupied by Vanbrugh, at its base, and walking with great caution, pausing frequently to assure himself that he was alone and was not being followed, arrived at the gates of the villa. He tried the gates; they were locked. Could he climb over them ? He would have risked the danger—they were set with sharp spikes—had he not known that it would take some time, and feared that some person passing along the high road might detect him. He made his way to the back of the villa, and carefully examined the walls. His eyes were accustomed to dark ness, and he could see pretty clearly ; it was a long time before he discovered a means of ingress afforded by an old elm which grew within a few yards of the wall, and the far spreading branches of which stretched over the grounds. He climbed the tree, and crept like a cat aiong the stoutest branch he could find. It bent beneath his weight as he hung sus pended from it It was a fall of twenty feet, but he risked it. He unloosed his hands, and dropped to the earth. He was shaken but not bruised. His purpose, thus far, wan accom plished. He was within the grounds of the villa. All was quiet. When he had recovered from the shock of the fall, he stepped warily towards the house. Now and then he was startled and alarmed at the shadows of the- trees which, moved athwart his path, but he mastered these terrors and crept on and on, till he heard the soft sound of a clock striking the hour. He paused, as the Advocate had dono, and counted the strokes. Midnight. When the sound had quite died away he stepped forward, and saw the lights in the study windows. Was anybody there ? He guessed, shrewdly enough, that if the room was occupied it could be by uo other person than the Advocate. Well, it was the Advocate he came to sec ; ho had no design of robbery in his mind. He stealthily approached a window, and blessed his good fortune to find that it was partly open. He peered into the study ;it was empty. He climbed the sill, and dropped softly into the room. What a grand apartment! What costly pictures and vases, what an array of hooka and papers ! Beautiful objects met his oyes whichever way he turned. There was the Advocate's chair—there the tablo at which ho wrote. The Advocate had left the room for awhile (this was Gautran's correct surmise), and intended to return. The lamps fully turned up wero proof of this. He looked at the papers on the table. Could he have read, he would have seen that many of them bore his own name. On a massive sideboard there were bottles tilled with liquor, and glasses. He drank threo or four glasses rapidly, and then, coiling himself up in a corner of the room, in a few moments was fast asleep. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 