MRS. HARRIS OJT THINGS IN GENERAL, GAWLEE THINGS IN PARTICULAR. The Army Again— The Results of their Working— A Domestic Consequence — A Sober Consequence — Education Meeting — The Advance of Property Taxation—Flower Service of Song — The Late Show — Parliament and Press — England Under Queen Victoria — God Save the Queen ! I noticed that ere letter in your kolumns larat week, konserning the Salwation Army and must certainly say if awl wot attends there meetings in Gawler are iools and fanatics as the extract said, what : Mr. O.P.Q. quoted from, then there were a gr#at many and a respectable looking iot at the big tea meetin on Toosday last. That meeting were a perfect ?? testi mony, Sur, that the bulk of the peeple are in sympathy with the Army's endeavors to raise the lowest, and so far, no one with any optics at all, can help seeing that they. have been the means of picking up more than one out of the gutter, and changing the internal appearance of more than one home. Of course there are evils connected with many of there workings, and wun ?specially wich should be denounced, and that is, keeping young girls out till ten or eleven o'clock at night. This should be ? remedied without delay, as such a pro ceeding are likoly to be productive of arm in the future, and I has no hesitation in saying so. As wun of the consikenses of wot I ave just rote, my Nezer were telling me that Mr- Strictly 's servant gal didn't get home the other evenin till arter the whole family were abed, and the konsekense were Mr. Strictly had to get up in his nite gown at slippers, and of kourse, spoke werry sharply to Annah Mariali, who, as is allers the case, began to bully Mr. Strictly, and sed she 'If you don't like It why you must get some wun else, cause I had to go to the supper at the Barracks.' Well, of course^ poor Strictly had to go back to bed again for fear of catching kold and Anna Marian had to be kalled seven times in' the morning, awl from the effects of that ere supper. Now, Sur, I don't beleere J3eneril Booth intended that families shud be annoyed by their slaveys in that way, and it cuddent be his wish for respectible ?ervant gals to be runnin through the mud and slush arter ten o'clock at night jist for r ' a little supper. Just one more con3ekenset Sur, and I leaves the subject. My ; Nezer wurks with two or three mates wot are married and got children, and for many a long year those blessed publicans have had nearly C7«ry penny for week after week from them mates of Nezer's, till the Salvation Army kollared old of them, and so far they are sober men, and their wives are abel to pay the butcher and the baker, and not only that they ave a pleasant fireside, where it used to be all kold and miserable) Surely, sur, Mi. O.P.Q. , or any other alfa beticil individual, will acknowledge that putting aside -religion altogether, the peeple who can do this, are doing good in enny Township they may wurk in. There were about 70 of the free and independent attended the eddikashun meeting on Wensday evening, and there naterilly were werry little opposhishun ex pressed, tho there were sum amung the iceeting wot had their own opinions on the1 sub3ects, and didn't vote either way, because they know werry well, that the effect produced afc headquarters will not be very stolon. The movers of both motions ^looked well into the matter, specUOty the rev. gentleman what tackled the Bible question, and he made a very good indite menfc as far as his view of the question are consented. Our Tootnnic friend, Mr Bischof, also made some very sensible re marks on eddikashun in generil, ant hough sum of them may have, been a little out side the question, yet Nezer ses they had a honest ring about em, which is saying something now- a-days. The mover of the amendment konserning free edkikashuu, also made sum sound remarks with regard to peeple expecting to have everything free now-a- days, and its no wunder we wants fresh taxashun. The mover might have known, howsumdever, he would have been in the minority. Still, for awl that, Nezer ses, those wot kan pay should be kompelled to do so. One gentlamea {said as how Bible reading would do a deal to wards putting down money-hunting, but upon my life, sur, I have known numerous instances where - individuals cud almost repeat the whole of it from memory, and have a quotation ready for sny particular kind of event, yet at the same time, they were about the biggest skinflints and money grubbers in existence. No, Sur, you may becertin it aint the reading of it only, and the quantity you may daily take in, but it's the acting up to it what does it The Govermint Taxashun skeme are rapidly and surely goin thro the proper degrees necessary for it to become law, and the Treasurer seems to be determined not to ave any more shilly-shalyin about it than are requisit. I are glad to notise our senier member ave gone with his kollease, instead of opposin the BilL Of course there are bound, to be a skrimmige or two yet, but the wurat danger are pretty well over. The next row will be about the Waluashun Bill, bekaus thats where the rub cums in. It wer altliro Nezer I made that mistake larst week about the Baptist Flower Servise ; the idear of him a tellin me it wer to be a Show. Howsumdever, there wer a splendid show of flowers, an the whole servise wer werry; nisely rendered by the Sunday School, an I ; cuddent elp sittia an torking to Nezer arter we got home about the beootifil an grand lessuns that are to be learned from flowers, an I reley don't kno a prittier site on eurth, sur, than a lot of bloomin children an flowers mixed up togethur, speshily with a young.lady to be singin about the lilies so nisely as was sung the uther evenin. We wos certinly unfortunit with our Show the uther day, lookin at it in a weather point of view, and I thinks those wot failed to exhibit arter promisin are to be blamed werry much. Without flattery, howsumdever, the Secritay wurked like a werry Trogun awl thro, and I thurrowly beleev if the whole of the kommitty had done one-quarter as much, the affair wud have ben more sucksesfil. I don't say this agenst awl, but there wer two or three wery konspickuous by their coldness. The Presidint, howsumdever, seemed to be here, there, an allabouts, an to work more thaa is naterily to be expected from a Presidint. I opes our Parlyaunt are not goin to fall out with the P/ess, bekaus its the wursfc thing that ^ud appen for em, Nezer ses wenever tie finds a reley good friend he sticks to them like grim death. That's the way the Parlymint shud act towurds the Press, sur? Just take a flyin glanse at wot the Press does for em, an, in fact, for awl publick men. They adwertizes them by telegraphin there speechus awl over the kolony ; they wery orften has to bring Lindlay Murray into konstant use beforthem speechus areabel to hear the opticks of the publick ; an, in fackt, they § hields them from redikool, an puts the asperate on an off, wen required, an patches an mends till the artikje ajre turned out in sich a manner that peepil wq£ reads it reads it with wuoder an astonishmint, an say wery orften, ''Bless me, wot a defer speaker that Mr. Lucky are to be sure, an hotf he has improved sinse he ave ben a publick man.'* Theref or- ^^ ses to em awl, ' Don't be goin an biciu your own nose orf jist to spite your fase, caus it '11 only spile your booty.' Nezer an me have jist cum ome from hearin the Rev. D. O'Donnell leckshur on ' England Under Queen Wlctoria,' and Nezer hav ben a shoutin ' God Save the Queen ' ever sinse, an he will persist in me writin a foo lines. I wants to leave it tilinext week, as its so late, an there arnt time to rite siiffisaint about it now. Howsumdever, Nezer ses I must strike the iron whilst its hot, so I must say that I don't kno wen it wer that I lissened with sich pleasur, an I kant find wariety of wurds to express the wariety of feelins wot wer roused in my bussum by the wariety of booties in the leckshur. For wot with eliquense, pathos, humour, dramatic effeckt, earnestness, an the wery I unlimited supply of infonnashun. from Queen Wictoria down to ' a Cow in a Fix,' I am sure everybody kant elp sayin it were a werry grate treat indeed ; an however Ne^er an me are agoin to sleep to nite with the ghosts of awl -them statesmen, orators, poets, battles, &c;, not f orgettin Charles Dickens and Beacons field, a marcliin about in our inoaginashuns, are a werry diffikult thing to deside. Howsumdever, the Youns: Men's ^sso siasbun deserves a holiday for bringln sich a leckshursr to Gawlur, so they're agoin to ave wun next Friday at the Exhibishuu Bilding, an inwites every wun to go an elp em spend it. Tours trooly, Betsy Harris. 