TEE FlFTf MILES BICYCLING PROFESSIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP. The sectnd race for the Fifty Miles Professional Bicycling Championship of the World took place on the track at the Aylcstcne Park Ground, Leicester, on Saturday, August 4th. The event under notice is one of the four professional cbainoionships promoted by the directors of the Leicester shire 'Cricket Ground Company, and for this race a silver cup value £20, which has to be won three times, is offered for competition, together with £35 in money, divided as follows:— First prize, £20 and cup; second, £8; third, , £5 ; and fourth, £2. The first contest took place last Easter Monday, and on that occasion there were 14 starters end the iace f»ll to the Frenchman, De Civry, who rode the aibtancc in o uours 10 uuiu was fine, and tbere were about 7000 persons present. The starters were F. de Civry, Champion of France ; E. Howell, Wolverhampton, Twenty-five Miles Champion ; F. Wood, Leicester, 'len and Twenty Miles Champion; G. W. Waller, Newcastle, Long-distance Champion of the World ; P. Medinger, Champion of Paris: F.J. Lees, Sheffield, One Hundred Miles Champion ; J. Mac, Birmingham ; D. Etanton, London, ex-Champion ; E.Weston, Northampton. Between the 43rd and 44th mile Lees went to the front, pursued by Wood. Weston, De Civry, and Medinger quickly lost half a lap, when the Sheffielder and the Leicester rider began to show at what speed they were able to travel, and Waller was lapped previous to the 45th mile being reached, and Mac left the track after riding about 40 miles. The race now became very exciting between 'Lees and Wood, neither of the others having a ghost of a chance. The enthusiasm of the spectators was very great, as the riders raced along at a speed slightly under three minutes to each mile. After completing the 40th mile Lees and Wood p issed Weston, De Civry, and Medinger ; and the French champion gave up a lap later. Only four riders were now left on the track. Lees con tinued to force the face, but Wool rode close up with his plucky antagonist, having in his rear Weston and Medinger. Of the latter pair Weston was the first to cry content, and became a lap and a -half to the bad two miles from the finish. The leaders kept rattling away, and entering tho last circuit Lees held a lead of a length ; \- this he mainla'ncd for nearly half the concluding circuit. On reaching the top side of the ground, however, Wood, with a well-judged spurt, wrested the lead from Lees, and the Leicester rider, turning the bottom bend four yards in advance, won by a gcol half-dozen yads ; a lap and about 100 yards separatel 6ccond and third, tills position bcintr held by Medinger. Weston was two laps behind the latter, fourth, but was prevented by the crowd from com pleting the whole 50 miles. The times for each five miles were as follows : — Miles Leader. n. m. s. Miles Leader, n. m. s. 5 Waller ? 0 15 12 30 Lce6 ? 1 39 35 10 Howell ? 0 30 54 35 De Civry ... ... 1 57 31 15 WalUr ? 0 »7 22 ; 40 Waller ? 2 15 51 20 Waller ? 1 3 52 ] 45 Lees ? 2 33 12 25 Woller ... ... 1 21 15 i 50 Wood ? 2 48 10 Wood altcrwards won the Ten Mile Professional Championship for the second time in succession, traversing the distance in 30 minutes 52 l-5th seconds. Lees was again sccond. — London Sportsman. 