OnC ieaddr are already aware that a projeot=-which, we believe, originated .with 'fr. D. L. Dymock, the absent president of the Kiama Agriculturat Association-to establish a herd book for dairy cattle has for some time occu pied the attention of a sub-committee as well as the general comtmttee of .the abovenamed institution. That no distinctive breed of cattle can be called absolutely pure all Authorities entitled to that appellation admit, simply be cause certain requirements, whether for beef, milk, butter, or cheese, and certain circumstances, such as soils, climate, contiguity to markets, etc., have created a demand for cattle of distinctive , qualities. To.meet these circumstances and requirements careful and judicious breeding by those who have made the subject a study has produced those breeds of cattle known as Durhams, Devons, Herefords, Ayrshireb, Guern. seys, Jerseys, etc., etc., all of which . having pedigrees, possess herd books which are of great advantage to both breeders' and purchasers, because one gives and-the other receives a pedigree which is a guarantee of quality according to the acknowledged standard of the particular'.plass or breed of cattle. There can be' hno doubt that for years past there has been suffidreiit en'erpreis an- attention paid to this matter in this district by the introduction of new blood and judicious crossing to entitle the best of them to the appellation of "Illawanrra Dairy Cattle " possessing features and distinctive qualities as palpable and valuable for this and similarly situated districts as any of the breeds before mentioned. Thatsuch a herd book, foun ded on a correct basis and properly con ducted, will eventually prove of vast importance to the South Coast, no one, we imagine, will be found to deny. The rules which have been prepared provide that the, admission of cdws to. the herd book shall be by test, such test to be a yield of not less than twelve pounds of butter nor less than three hundred and fifty pounds of milk per week for each cow. There is no doubt a difficulty has to be overcome in conducting these tests so as to secure a real test of the actual merits of each animal, without which the project must end in failure, and the confidence of the public in the bona-fides of such test, which is a matter of equal importance. It cannot be denied that there is considerable diver sity of opinion even among the members of the committeeoo on the subject of the mode in which these tests should be conducted. Three motions have been carried, one that all cows shall be for-. warded to a central place for test; second, that such place shall be Jerrara, and appointing Mr. C. W. Craig as con ductor of the tests; third, that the .feeding of the cows during test shall be left to the discretion of the conductor. Now, against the appointment of Mr. Craig we have not the ghost of an ob jection to urge, inasmuch as we have the fullest confidence in his ability and consequent competency for the position ; nor would it be safe for any man, in our presence, to cast a shade of doubt on his truthfulness, integrity, and honour. At the same time in the public interest, or rather in the interest of the herd booka project, which, if properly carried out, will result in public benefit, and not from any personal or factional spirit, we must, as we have hitherto done, as a member of the committee, persistently and consistently resist everything in these three resolutions bat Mr. Craig's appointment, and we are encouraged in this step by the opinions of dairymen and breeders in the district whose ex perience andintelligence is equal to any who carried the motions. As regards the first, thatcows shall be tested in a central place, even some in the committee ad. mitted that nine out of ten cows taken from their homes rud introduced to strange companions,, strange pasture, strange bails, and strange milkers, would fall off as much as three pounds of butter a week. Now supposing this to be true, or even admitting for the sake of argu ment that the loss would ohly be one pound, an injustice is done to the animal and the owner and the principal object of the herd book is defeated. Second, that the place of test slall be Jorrara, This would, no doubt, suit those in the immediate vicinity very well, but there are owners of good cows as far north as Albion Palrk, as far east as Shellharbour, and as far south as Broughton Creek and Kangaroo Valley to whom a single central station would be so manifestly unjust as to jeopavfdise the otherwise possible success of a herd book. Third, the feeding of test cattle being left to the discretion of the test conductor is crude and unsatisfactory, inasmuch as the conductor cannot at all times be so well provided with grass or artificial feed as to put all cows on an equality, and to debar the owner from feeding his cow while under test, so as to obtain the beest result possible, is manifestly unfair to both man and beast, and to the same extent is fatal to the success of a herd book. On the other hand, it has been urged that the public would have no confidence in a home test, even if conducted by a neighbour; this may, to even a lamentable extent, be true, but we. have heard it affirmed quite recently, by some who are entitled to considera tion, that in fifty if not seventy-five per cent. of probable home tests the public would have as much confidence as in the central one. Be this as it may, there is a difficulty in both phases of the question, and the only way out of it which would provide a satisfactory test, and at the same time..command public confidence, which is equally essential, would be the adoption of a portable in. strument known as the lactobutyrometer. This instrument may be obtained complete in an ebonized case some fif. teen inches long, eight inches wide, and four inches deep, at a cost of £2 10s, from the Aylesbury Dairy Company (Limited), Bayswater, London. This highly successful and reliable Company say of the lactobutyrometer " that by its use the exact amount of fat (or butter) contained in milk can be AcounATELY arrived at in fifteen minutes, and a number of samples can be examined at the same time. It will thus be invalu. able to farmers for ascertaining the exact quality, of milk given .by, each cow" .If tl·s.i?surument is reliable ntn :the fact that it has for some time past been used by the Fresh Food and Ice Company of Sydney with satisfactory results is to our mind a guarantee that it is so-then the diffioulty attendant on either the home or central test is obviated, and the proposed herd book may prove as great a boon to the district as the most sanguine could have antici. pated. Some may doubt whether such a delicate and scientific instrument can safely and with confidence be trusted in other than professional hands. But on this point--which, we admit, is an important one-the Aylesbury Dairy Company say that-" As will be seen by the directions for use, the working of the laotobutyrometer is meot simpl ; and that it is practical may be judged from the fact that the Company's resident analyst has during the last twelve months rised it for the extraction of fat from nearly twenty thousand samples of milk." Thus, five or ten cows could be tested AT uois by one person in a single day, and the cost to the dairyman would be considerably lose than thd logs of the produce of the s~me number of cows for a wooek by thoe proposed'etetral test, and very much' more .expeditious ind'saise factory if as 'we said before, the loicto bntyrometer is reliable. An ven this could be ascertained by actdal tiial be fore adoption.: Nor do we tlinul thlire is any need for diel?y or the expgenditui o of fifty shillings to test lie instrument, as, if wes are not greatly mistaken, the Fresh Food. and'I'te '.Company;"-:tho' managers of which may shortly be ex pected in the district, would willingly lend the instrument they possess for test purposes ; and we conclude this article, which has exceeded the usual limit, with a sincere hope that one of the gentlemen rFfei?ed .to (Mr. Pateson) will during the lecture he proposes to deliver on Co-operation and, Dairy Farming, not only describe but, exhibit the lactobuty. rometer. 