THE "ARGUS" TELEGRAM. Loxdok, November 24th. | The agents general of the Australasian colonies had an interview yesterday with Lord Derby with a view to eliciting the latest policy determined upon by the Im perial Government with regard to the an nexation question. Lord Derby seemed in disposed to offer any guidance to the conven tion about to meet in Sydney, and main tained the position taken up in his last despatch to the agents general. He declined to recommend any particular form of federa tion for the Australian colonies, but was prepared to acquiesce in whatever decision the colonies might arrive at. When asked whether lie would recognise federal action as regards the annexation of New Guinea if the colonics guaranteed a sum of £10,000 annually to defray the cost of its administra tion, be declined to give any promise on the subject. What he said on this subject, however, gave the agents-general an impres sion that the Government would agree to a protectorate over tho island. He expressed a doubt whether it was really the intention of the French Government to let loose their criminal classes iu the Pacific. Sir F. Dillon bell and Mr Thomas Archer, tho agents goneral for New Zealand and Queensland, sharply combated this view of the matter. Tho Spectator, referring to tho question of the federation of the Australian colonies, says that England will permit an Australian Domiuiou to have any foreign policy that would not involve war with a European power. In consequence of the disaster to Colonel Hicks' army the evacuation of Cairo by the British forces has been postponed. If the Maluli advauces into Egypt it is ex pected that an Anglo-Indian force will be sent into the field to oppose him. It is con sidered that Egypt is unsafe beyond the second cataract. It is regarded as a possible contingency that Turkey may demand to be allowed to re- conquer the Soudan. The French press is rejoicing over tho difficulties in which Englaud may possibly he placed by the disaster to the Egyptian arms. Great activity is being manifested in the arsenals at Woolwich. His lloyal Highness the Dukeof Edin burgh will assume tho command of the Channel Fleet in January next. The trial of tho Marquis de Rays o charge of practising deception and misrepre sentation iu connection with his attempt to found a colony in New Ireland in 1SS0 will commence on Tuesday. The Marquis ap pealed some mouths ago against"the decision of the Chamber of Correctional Police at Paris in committing him for trial, but the appeal was rejected by the Court of Criminal Appeal. Baron de Lcsseps finds that the English merchants demand greater concessions than he expected. Baron Lesseps has returned to Paris. He professes to be satisfied with the result of his mission. The Cape Colony will float a loan of £5,000,000 in the London market next week through the agency of the Bank of England. Tho Viceroy of India and the Duke of Connaught will be present at tho opening of the Calcutta Exhibition. Sergeant Mason, of the United States army, who was sentenced to a term of imprisonment for shooting at Guitcau, the assassin of President Garfield, has been par doned. Tho prospects of tlio Victorian loan of £4,000,000, which is to be floated in January next, seem to be favorable. The number of bales catalogued since the opening of the eales is 50,000, and 3700 bales have been withdrawn. Home and foreign buyers are operating freely, and prices are firm. Crossbreds show an advance of id per lb. Sir Julius Vogel and Mr Anthony Hor. dern have agreed to construct jointly the railway schemes for which they obtained concessions from tho Western Australian Government. Mr Glcydcll, the manager of the London branch of the Commercial Bank of South Australia, is making the neccessary ar rangements for commencing operations in London. Mr George Morgan has been appointed a member of the Legislative Council of Fiji, lie has been lately an acting member of the Council. Did man exist before the earth's surface, j as we now find it, was complete ? Did he live in times long prior to anything history tells us about him and his doings 1 Did he have a habitation and an abiding place when "the earth was without form and void," and was his cxistenco anterior to the present geological perfection of things ? A conclu sive answer to thoso queries would be, of all things, most interesting. In this con. nection a flatter has been caused in scientific circles by the announcement of the discovery, on piercing a new gallery in a deep coal mine at Bully-Grenay (Pas de Calais) of a series of very remarkable caverns. In the first were the intact fossil bodies of a man, two women and three children, shaped in all respects as men, women and children are to-day. Beside them were petrified pieceB of wooden utensils, and remains of mammals and fish, as well as some stone weapons. A second snbterranean cavern revealed eleven bodies of gigantic size, the fossilB of several animals, and a great num ber of various objects, including precious stones. Into a third and larger cavern the miners could not enter, on account of the carbonic acid it contained. If all this tnrns out to bo true as it appears to bo, the exis tence of prehistoric man would seem to be a proven fact, Yerily, the question as to whenco we came and whithor we are going, becomes every day more obscure, but not the less interesting. Ghosts.—An attempt is bein made in the ! old country to revive the Belief in visitants from another world, and many are the won derful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost: "How do I knew that you are not a bit of undigested bread ?" for, of all the ghost pro ducers, a bit of "heavy" bread is. the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't "raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion. Every wise store keeper has it by him, and every good house; wife buys it. I Heebie ladies, aged persons, weakly children; , persons of sedentary habits, all need Hop Bitters daily. Bead and believe. . ■ j Ob, how refreshing, palatable, and reviving" is a draught of cool water withjHop Bitters in it, to a fever patient. See. 