THE MAN WITH THREE EYES. Chapter 1 II. — Continued. wnetner it was toe effect of the sermon, or whether of the elide, I cannot pretend to eay but I felt all the better for something on Monday morning. It was a brilliant morn ing, too— all frost and ennehine, with a blue be y, buu wnuoub a oreatn 01 wind. we assembled as usual, after our early breakfast, for lecture iu the study, keeping our usual plaoes. I bad really made first-rate resolu tions to give my whole attention to the doctor, for somehow it had come into my head that certain dreams of mine Were inconsistent with a fellowship, but, neverthe less, made it all the more important that I should start in life with the prestige of a high degree. I made up my mind that I would no longer be distracted by the companionship of rich idlers, good fellows as they were in their way ; and even Millie had managed to make me feel that I ought not to take advantage of my tutor's third eye's want of an optic nerve. It might have been at the end of half an hour that I looked up from JEschylus and saw that Wilmore was no longer in the room. But, as the doctor, whose left eye was full upon him, had never paused in the Btream of his explications, the reduction of our number was nothing to me. But again I looked up, at the end cf some twenty minutes more, and behold — Montacute's aocustomed seat was vacant also. But still the doctor discoursed on, as if nothing had happened. Well—their licensed truancy was no concern of mine ; all I had to do was to follow my tutor's example and plod on too, sunshine or rain. But, as I have said, it was the very -brightest of sunshine. And, presently, raising my eyes onoe more — yes ; there was no disbelieving my own eyes, however much I might mistrust my tutor's third — I plainly saw two girls and two young men pass the windows across the lawn. That was too much to stand. Milly might be one -of those two. And there were the woman-hater and the woman-fearer making their hay while the sun shone in that glorious blue heaven, while I was wasting my time over a dead-end -gone tragedian, under the glare of a glass eye at the back of a pedant's brain. Degrees be hanged ; was all the fun made for fools? I saw how it had been with those other two. And which of them was with Milly — my Milly? As silently as a thief I rose, took up my hat, and — The prologos, young gentlemen,' con tinued Dr. Greenfinch about two hours afterward — ' the prologos is all that part of a tragedy which precedes the parados ; and the parados must be carefully distinguished from the stasimon, as I trust you are aware. For while the stasimon — ' 4 Nat, my dear, are you never coming to lunch?' suddenly interrupted a well-known voice. ' It has been on the table this half- hour.' « Eh — Susan, my dear ! What — why !' exclaimed Dr. Greenfinch. 'Pray don't interrupt onr studies, my dear — we've only just begun 1 Mr. Montaoute, will you kindly explain the difference between the parados and the stasimon ?' He glaneed to the right — no Montaente was there. To the left— no Wilmore. 'Mr, Hayes,' said he, without turning round, 1 will you be good enough to explain — what this means ?' ' Goodness gracious ! my dear,' said Aunt Susan, 'there's nobody here but me — and it's lnnch time, Nat, and all getting stone oold. The young men have been out of doors for more than an hour.' 'Bless me,' exclaimed Dr. Greenfinch; 'my soul alive! Can I have been lecturing to nobody? Then — nobody can explain the difference ; that's all ! Bat you mus'n't Hunk, my dear, I don't see what goes on behind my back as well as before my face. I see it aU !' Suddenly there sounded through the house another peal of that deep-voiced hell. IV. Meanwhile, as I have said, I took up my hat and— as I was going to say — found my way to the lawn. I had to pass the study window — that is to say, before the vezy eyes of my tutor ; but it waE not his two natural eyes that I heeded — it was his third, now engaged in glaring npon my empty chair. Neither Montaoute nor Wilmore, nor ary of the girls, were there. But no sooner had I reached the gate of the drive than I came face to face with — Milly, alone. Aunt Susan had thought her lambs safe in lecture time. She started, and I think she coloured — unless it was I, for, daring tbe past few days of my life, I had been finding Wilmore's shyness a catching quality. But, if I was not to throw away my truancy, a bold stroke was required — I eaw by this time enough of how the land lay to foresee that Uncle Nat would make some desperate attempt to re capture his wolf, and Aunt Susan to regain her lamb. Milly — Miss Linnet,' said I, did you ever slide ?' 'On the ice? Oh, hundreds of times — when I was young.1 ' Ah ! Then of course you must have for gotten now — you are so old ! But wait a minute — can you skate ? We found a canal yesterday frozen to a turn, and I've got a pair of skates I'd ordered as a Christmas present for my sister Grace that will fit yon as if they'd been made for you. Come — don't let us throw suoh a morning as this away !' ' But where are the others, Mr. Hayes ?' ' On tbe canal by this time, if they're worth their salt. Wait for me while I get the skates — wait here. I was off before she had time to say yes or no ; and by tbe time she had hesitated, and vas therefore lost, I was back again with two pans of skates in my hand. 1 am orfite unable to fell, even to this hour, whether I really believed that four others were provided with four other pairs of skates and were on the canal. I may have believed it, because it seemed so natural ; but, on the other band, I may not ; and even so it may have been with Milly. At any rate, the still, frosty air was bound to get into any heads with a scrap of brains in them, and there cannot be a pound of folly without at least an ounce of brainB. Off we were, and inn wonderfully short time — so short that, when I think of It, it seems less than an instant— we were flying gloriously along the SSJa wuBigtg tMturin8 me fike a BJate' inde<1 d 1 She went literally Iwhs a good skater myself, but weioht 8llny e5U,a'' and being about half ihy Thhak nf A , than flew 14 wa8 glorious. vmir ?yiDf along' aloce with the girl of airtha.8 abI«e through an itself charming ! w?s good 8tright going, and as n B„na 8Pringy as ice can be. I ?r®enfinoh and hia eve ; I forgot ASscbylus ; I forgot my fellowship; I forgot thafcMii?' t \ knew or caed to know was lightly upon my arm, and that her eyes were bluer than the sky. I have dmameuof such flights, but this beat any dream. Or was it aU a dream? I neither knew nor cared. Bat even dreams have an end, much more reality. Our flight ; became a glide, until at last we stopped, half breathless, and brought our selves to anchor, eyes meeting eyes. That was glorious — too glorious, Milly !' Bat where are the others, after all?' Oh ! leagues before or leagues behind ; who cares ?' . Yes, bat' I'm. afraid we must care. I wonder where they — no, where we are ?' ' Milly ! Pray don't drag me down to lodhnrst again. Wherever we are, I am with you. Milly, I wish that flight of ours had gone on for ever and never come to an end.' , Por ever ! That would be rather a long time. Wouldn't there be a thaw?' ' First you bring me back to facts and then to prose. Milly, I have never forgotten you not the least thing about you exoept your name -ever since I met you at the Kenricks' a year ago. ... It isn't chance that I met you again here, just where I came in order that I might meet nobody. And it may be — for I can see perfectly well that we are being kept apart — it may be that if I don't seize this chance of a word, I may never have it- again. What do I want with a fellowship when I want you ? I'm not such a worthless idiot, I hope, that I can't earn a living for two. Will you be the other, Milly ? Indeed, it's not as if yon had only known me for five days — they've been five years — and to-day has been a lifetime. I love you — and — and — I love you ' I suppose this, to some extent, represents what I said, but I don't think words have much to do with such things. I will answer for one thing — I did not kneel — seeing that we were both on skates, upon slippery ground. But even this> had itB advantages, for it enabled me to hold both her hands to give her support, and to draw her closer to me, even while speaking, by a movement that was imperceptible. It was not on common earth that I first made love to Milly, nor were our feet bound heavily to the ground. Were we a pair of madcap fools to believe ourselves in love becauee we had twice danced tqgether, and once driven in a gig, and once walked to church, and onoe skated along a canal ? Header, it you answer ' Yes,' it is yon who are a— fool. And if you knew Milly, as I know her now, you would know why. What did she say in answer? I know it meant all I longed for, but as to words, I would as soon try to write a picture, or to paint music, or to turn poetry into prose. I would not swear that she said anything at all; but I know what happened — my arm was round her, and we were flying onward, no longer two, but one. Meanwhile, good Dr. Greenfinch lectured on, in the full belief that he had his third, and, in a matrimonial sense, least eligible, pupil safe under his third eye. A day like that comes but onee in a life — the laws of nature are suspended ; the laws of households cease to be ; but one law never fails, especially on a frosty day, when two young people are glowing with happiness and exercise. Tbe law is — hunger. One does not own such things on such occasions. But the most natural of impulses brought us to anchor exactly opposite a decent-looking tavern on the bank of the canal. I looked at my watch, and then at the sun. Gods and goddesses, Milly ! Tnere is no lunch for you to-day unless you can make one here. Holloa, there !' I called out to a man smoking his pipe in the tavern door way, and wondering when the frost would break up and brine back his customers, the bargees. ' How far are we from Todhurst, by the canal V ' Todhurst, master ? A matter o' sixteen miles.' Sixteen miles ?' exclaimed Milly, looking at me rather blankly. We can't have come sixteen miles in one hour. What will Aunt Susan eay ?' ' She must say, " Bless you, my children !" But you're right, Milly — I really can't under stand how we can have skated sixteen miles in half an hour, at the very outside. Nor can I make out how my watch can have been galloping on even faster than we. But it can't be helped now. You must rest here, and we must get back as fast as we can. Not that you can skate back again. We must drive, even if there's nothing better than a cart to go in. Don't trouble yourself, darling, Fm answerable for you now.' In one sense I spoke the words of wisdom — there was nothing else to be done. So we dined on something that looked like bread and cheese, but was in reality ambrosial, and npon nectar that was onriously like beer. On farther inquiry, it came out that the nearest approach to a triumphal car was a sort of indescribable vehicle without springs, which could take us as far as Grackwick, whence, after our long rest, we could recover warmth by Bkating the rest of the way home. Milly showed no symptoms of fatigue ; but then she was an ideal heroine — at any rate, she was (and is) mine. But this story would fill three volumes if I began to praiee Milly. So I will resist temptation, and proceed. Off we set in tbe cart for Grackwick. Tbe sun showed very decided signs of setting, and a mist of rising. But the ride itself was delightful. Behind the driver, who had no third eye, we sat close together, and talked and were silent in turn. But what will your people say?' asked Milly. It is her one fault that she is so provokingly practical, and always will look at everything from all its sides. Ah — what would they say ? I was one of a dozen, with no expectations ; she, one of three, dependent entirely On an uncle who had «om?thing to give, but would have nothing to leave. I was almost bound in honour to repay the expenses of my college life by doing my beBt for that confounded celibate fellowship, with the prospeot of becoming a second Dr! Greenfinch at the end. What would they say ? They would have the right to esy a ve?y great deal. I did net for one moment think myself unwise in preferring Milly to all else in the world. But it is always "hard to get one's relations to see things in a sensible way. Whatever they may say afr first,' said I, boldjy, 4 they will end by spying that I have won the best wife— which means the greatest treasure — that the whole universe contains. You are not afraid to Trust to me ?' ' No, indeed ! But—' ' Then, darling, there's no " but" at all.' But, all the same, there was a very big 4 but,' as I very well knew. However, we had reached Grackwick. I gave the driver at least ten times his due, and we resumed our skates with fresh energy. There was certainly a mist ; but there was no chance of losing our way upon the straight canal. The moon was behind us, so that we seemed to be floating after our own shadows ; and it was bard to tell which were the more shadow-like, they or we The whole air was rips for marvels — for elves and Fprites. and goblins, and all manner of wonders. Suddenly Milly gave a slight start, 'and Ifelt her fingers tighten on my arm. 'Look! What is that?' she exclaimed. Some yards before us floated a figure- a human figure, though more like a ghost than a man. It was tall, and was wrapped in loose floating drapery that streamed behind. Nothing about it was defined, and it moved aB if it were, like ourselves, floating over the surface of the canal. What appeared at one time to be drapery resembled, at another, a pair of outspread wings. But the least defined part of the creature was its head. Although, as it sailed before us, its head received the full effect of the moonbeams, and although we were following it, it seemed to be the face that was turned towards us, either as though the creature was flying backward, or as though its head were put on hind-part before. But the face was monstrous to look upon. It had no features save a yawning, grinning mouth, and a single staring eye in the very middle of its hrows. In this way the grinning, glaring shadow seemed to float solemnly backward, as if luring us on, while we conld almost fancy that we could feel the flap of its gigantic wings. I was no believer in ghosts, and am in no other respect more troubled with nerves than most men ; but I must confess that the sight of this moonlight monster mads me understand a little what seeing one's first ghost means. Not that this specimen of the unknown under world was so much a ghost as a shadowy ogre. Human it certainly was not, for men have no wings to fly with, and if they had « ould not fly backward. No, there was nothing human about that gigantic goblin, taking its solemn pastime in the misty moonlight, where no mortal was likely to come. What is it ?' asked Milly again. Then it is no fancy, since you see it too. We must put on the speed, and see ; or, rather, I will skate ahead, and you shall follow.' ' Oh, no ! I can't leave go your arm with that — that — that — whatever it is, glaring at us, and leading ns on, heaven knows where I If it is to a hole in the ice ' ' Nonsense, Milly 1 But all the same, it is strange. . . . Halloo !' I shouted to the figure ; but it neither answered nor paused, nor made a sign of having heard. ' Frank, do you see its eye ?' ' If I had only something to throw a ' Oh, don't do that ! It might ' 4 Might what ?' 'I don't know — but sometning dreadful.' We never thought of stopping to see if the creature would vanish or float into the mist. Stopping would have looked like fear, and might prevent our reaching the root of the mystery. So we increased our speed ; but the distance between us and the creature never lessened. It was so strange, so incom prehensible, that I should have been a monster myself had I not caught a touch of Miliy's fear. Yes; there were we, two sensible young people of the nineteenth century, being led a magnetic and mystic dance on a winter night by a phantom flying backward, with black wings, and a face turned toward us that the moonlight made horrible to see. It was a nightmare ; only in a nightmare feet drag, and ours flew Y. It was very late in the afternoon that Mr. Kentick, a West-country solicitor, arrived at the vicarge at Todhurst. His name may be remembered in connection with a certain historic dance a year before ; and, indeed, it was the Misses Linnet whom he had come to see. I knew the Kenricks well, as neighbours in my own country ; but that for the present is neither here nor there. But no Miss Linnet was at home. ' Dr. Blackbird, then ?' 'Meaning Dr. Greenfinch?' asked James. ' No, sir ; but Mrs. Greenflueh is in the parlour, if you'd like to see her.' ' I think I should ; in fact, I will,' said Mr. Kenrick. So he followed James into the parlour. ' I hope you will pardon this sudden in trusion of a stranger, Mrs. Greenfinch,' said he ; but as the aunt of the Minnas Linnet — who are charming girls, and exactly what their aunt must have been at their age ; I should say exactly what they'll be when they're hers,' he corrected himself, plunging into obscurity to cover what, in so far as it implied that a lady was no longer so young as she had been, struck him as being a some- 1 what doubtful compliment. As the aunt of the Misses Linnet — you will excuse me, madam, I am Sure, when you learn — when do you expect their return ?' 4 Oh, don't ask me, don't ask me anything, Mr. Kenrick ! I don't know what has hap pened ; they 're gone -all gone I1 ' Great Heaven, Mrs. Greenfinch I What do you mean ?' I knew how it would be ; but Dr. Green- finch was so blind ! Never; never will I have three young men and three young women in one house again !' « Great Heaven, Mrs. Greenfinch ! Where are they gone ?' To Gretna Green I And Nat — Dr. Green finch 1 4 Ye, madam.1 4 He's gone too.' - - | What— to Gretna Green ? ' Sir, my husband is a beneficed clergyman, and a doctor of divinity ! He's gone — with out his lunch ; and whae'll become of us all goodness only knows. But oh — there's a ring 1' ' Mr. Keoriek, privately thinking Aunt Susan probably a little crazy, said nothing, and in less than a minute entered Clara Linnet, in her walking-dress, flushed and rosy. 4 Clara,' said Mrs. Greenfinch, ' where have you been?' 4 Only taking a walk wuh Agues. Aunt SueaD.' 4 And where is Agnes ?' 4 1 don t exactly know, aunt, dear ; I missed her on the road. But I'm sure they won't be long. 4 They Clara ?' Clara flushed up ; she had not meant to say they.' But the sight of her old ac quaintance saved her from an explanation. And even while she was shaking hands came another ring at tfce bell ; and in walked Agnes, hastily— a little defiantly, may be. 4 Agnes,' asked Mrs. Greenfinch, 'how could you have missed Clara on the road ? And wbere's Milly. Where's - But Agnes also took refuge with Mr. Ken rick. And then, without ringing, in lounged Montacute and Wilmore. It was certainly a striking coincidence that the four should have returned so closely together from their ramble. ' Well, Gretna Green can't be very far,' thought Mr. Kenrick to himself. Mrs. Greenfinch put on her spectacles and looked with such mild severity upon the four guilty ones, that, whether they did so or not, they certainly ought to have trembled. ' Clara and Agnes,' she said, ' yoa had better go up stairs and take off your things. And ' What she was going to add, I know not, for there came another ring, and Milly and I entered the room. And I must own that our escapade, though not one leaf of its pride and joy had faaed, did not look so worldly wise under the gaze of Aunt Susan's spectacles, and old Kenriek's knowing smile, and the presence of my fellow-pupils and my future sister-in-law — in a word, of tbe world — as under the magic light of sun and moon. I felt that even now and here the labours of Miliy's Herooles, meaning myself, had begun. It was, however, no time to speak, then and there. Not that I meant to wait a moment, and was looking round for Miliy's uncle, guardian, and second father, to requeBt an interview in his study, when in came — no, in rushed James. 4 Ma'am ! The news has come how there's a one-eyed ghost dancing along the canal ! A real live .skeleton, with two horns, and wings, and a tail as long, as long ! It's been seen.' Milly and I started, and our eyes met. What could it mean ? But the startling news had one effect. I know that — barring Milly and I, who dared not, for shame's sake, bring down sudden ridicule by asserting that we had seen Old Nick himself skating on the canal — there was a general laugh, which, however, was not altogether like laughter. However, it sufficed to cover other things ; for Aunt Susan, fairly taken aback, took off her spectacles, and then put them ob again, and stared helplessly at the door as if expecting to hear the sound of hoofs upon the stairs. I went into the hall, and there found the wbole company of ser- vants huddled together and breathlessly watching the front door, which James had left open, and nobody had the courage to close. There was a regular panic, and It so far affected the drawingroom that we all followed, one by one— Mr. Kenrick, Aunt Susan, and all. Wilmore and Clara only hung behind, and whispered together — no doubt about this startling tale. Suddenly the under gardener rushed into the house, his hair literally on end. 4 'Twur I zeed'n on the Ice 1 'Twur I,' be bawled. 'And now — he's a eomiBg arter! He's a-come !' There was a scream from the maids. Miily, who knew more of the apparition than even the under-gardener, clutched my hand. A heavy tread crunched the frozen gravel. 4 1 hear the wagging of his tail!' cried one. ' I zees the pints o's horns !' I veel ' ' Bless us all !' said the vicar, entering in his perpetual cap and gown, the latter covering his hands, which were clasped behind him. What does all this mean ?' Nobody could answer him; and at that moment the doctor, forgetting, after his manner, that he was holding anything which he wished to hide, brought his hands from under his gown, and a pair of enormous German felt slippers, as big as two canoes, were displayed. Blushing to the roots of his hair, he turned his back to us to hide these articles, and, as if by accident, spread out his gown while trying to force them into his pockets. Milly and I caught each a look from the other. In that attitude, with the wings of his gown outspread, the corners of his cap like horns, and the lamplight from the drawing-room shining full upon the eye in the back of his head, and with the high shirt collar that the cheating moonlight bad turned into grinning jaws— there stood before us the Ogre of the Moon ! Yes. The worthy vicar, in wild alarm, had been scurrying over the canal in search of his truant pupils, and had taken his bath slippers to save him from tumbling I learned afterward that Mr. Kenrick thought f ? grayed into a private asylum instead of tbe vicarage. But he did not show hie suspicion; he -made no remark even upon the vicar's supernumerary eye. - hen we had reoirned to the draw ius; -room we shevea the delicate suojecfc of our escapade by common consent. 4 ! have come on a pleasant errand,' said | Mr. Kenrick. 4 A year ago I drew a will for a client of mine— Mr. Crow, of Rooksuest— leaving to these young ladieB' afcher a fortune which, when realised, will amount to some sixty thousand pounds, well invested. Crow, poor fellow, is dead — unmarried; and these young ladies are— you understand— prizes, indeed. Halloo I' he exclaimed, turning to Milly and myself— Kenrick never had even so much tact as a bull among china Halloo f If rm not a blind man, One o the prizes is drawn 1' I was certainly not going to deny the good fortune that needed no gilding— not even before my fellow-pupila, chaff me as they might please. , 4We, piead SuHfcy, doctor,1 said I. We played truant — and ' 4 Bleea my eoul !' cried the doctor, flashing. 4 It can't be ! If it were so, I thoiild have g' en it ; « diun't see it, therefore it can t be. No, no !' 4 Bat even so it is, sir,1 said I, taking I Miliy's hand. What had become of Montacute, Wilmore, Agnes, and Clara, I don't know— at any rate, they were not in that room. 4 It is, is it ? Tfcen — the — all I can say is, if it is, I did see it. I must have seen it, sir ! I saw it — of course I saw it — with my Third Eye !'- \- London Society. 