XB£ BACIZTG CABHXVAX. THE SEEBT BAT. The Baaing Carnival fairly commenced on Saturday, and may be a aid now to be in fall ewinjp. Tfaere an no maeks in the streets, certainly ; bo procession of gaily-dressed suafqaeraders pelting eaoh other with con feotionery — a proceeding not likely to be . conducive to good manners in Viotori ; and there are no races betwesn horses without riders, as is the Roman fashion. We are not in. Rome here, and we don't do as Rome does .cither.. Bat we have many ways of enjoying ourselves at any holiday time, and dur ing raoe week in particular. Visitors have been arriving during the week from all the colonies in a manner cal culated to gladden tho hearts of the most eager landlords j there is scarcely a vacant bod to be bad in any hotel in the town, and even the billiard tables are utilised. Such, indeed, is the demand for accomoda tion that the Corporation might turn an honest penny during the week, should the weather be fine, by throwing open the Fitzroy Gardens as on al fresco sleeping apartment for single men only, to which the Y.M.C.A. could not possibly object; while the new Lodging House for respectable women might he profitably utilised for the ladies. In the good time to come we shall most likely have palace hotels as well as coffee palaces, but, even then, if the good old feeling for sport grows at the same rate as it hae hitherto, tho resouroes will be amply taxed. We have the authority of Major Monsoon— and so mean authority either — for supporting the assertion of Solomon that " wine maketh glad the heart of man, and that oil giveth him a cheerful countenance." But sot all tbe wine that Bacchus ever drained, or all the oil that Lucca ever sent out to an appreciative world of ealad- eatere, can give as much enjoyment to a man with a rightly-constituted mind as that afforded by a good day's racing. So far as Saturday is concerned, tte racing can speak fcr itself ; and, although the accident to De- lusiou and tho riders of the two animals which came into collision seemed to be a bad augury for the opening day, the sport afterwards passed off well ; and we know what poor Gordon says : — That sport is not worth a rap for a rational man to play Into which some accident or some mishap couldn't possibly hod its way. The splendid weather, moreover, tended greatly to increase the pleasure of the meeting, and the number present was correspondingly large. Bust ooats were in demand, and the Spring toilettes of the ladies had every opportunity for display. With such a reoord as this, there i6 every prospect of similar sport during the week, and at its close even the losers will be compelled to confess that they have had something for their money, and that the music has been good, although they have been called upon to pay the piper. As for the winuers, their lot will be indeed a happy one. They will have had their fill of enjoyment; they will ha\e eatcu and drunk of tbc best ; tbey will have met old friends, cot seen perhaps except al rare intervals ; and they will turn up on settling day in euch a frame of mind as would induce a Carmelite monk to shout for his whole monastery, the sexton included. The means of travelling to tbe course are tbe same as those provided in past years, and, now that the railway is mure generally patronised than of old, the description of one year would do for that of the next and the next, and so on ad infinitum. At an early hour on Saturday — we mean comparatively early — tbe inhabitants of the suburbs began to wend their steps city wards; the hearts of 'busmen were heavy within them, and those of cabmen jubilant, the only drawback to Cabby's enjoyment on these occasions being that the police will not allow bim to carry more with ODe horse than two might find it agreeable to draw. The railway station At Spencer- street was soon crowded, but, thanks to a comparatively merciful Department, and the fact that the officials di> wake up during Cup week, the old day of pushing and " ecrougiog" are over. There is no need now— except in rare instance?, and when he does it for hie own amusement — for a .gentleman es corting a lady to take her in bis arms in order to protect her against the rush of the crowd, and even the "masher," idiotically impertinent as he sometimes is, is harmless indeed compared with tho rough who dis graces an English crowd on every occasion of innocent festivity. Neither is there any occasion in tho present day fur a timid old lady, with tho inevitable bundle aod um brella, to be pettishly askiDg the nearest person, as the aut did the elephant in the ark, "where arc you shoving to?" As for the larrikin, be was simply absent. "Where he goes to during race week no one knows for certain, but he behaves hinueU so well duriDg that time that even Mr. Archer would be inclined to let him off a flogging for his next offence. As for " the road," well, it was " the road," and, so far as novelty is concerned, it always will be "the road." Tbcrc is an infinite amount of "custom" about it, hut uncommon little Tarietr. The fact is that, though a holiday-making and a festive people, we enjoy ourselves in a fairly sensible and practical manner. There are, therefore, no "humours of the road" to chronicle ; and, as for a turnpike-man to fight, there is no such institution of obsolete tyranny in the place. We have drags certainly, well- horsed and well-driven, but the "gentlemen" on the top do not carry bags of flour for the purpose of powdering passers-by, nor do our officers, voluuteer or permanent, care about mtitating the example of the " Tenth " in the " egg throwing line." Here and there, of course, there is some one who will insist upon displaying his eccentricity as a charioteer, but, should he be inclined to go too far, a gentleman with a number on his helmet brings him to reason as quickly as a gendarme does a young lady whose ideas with regard to the Cancan tend to the display of too largo an amount of " frills' in the underclothing line. That "fine old English gentlemao," the Marquis, was, owiDg to the ead less of his daughter, Lady Constance, unable to drive out that neatly- appointed cbaiee which ie an example to all his imitators ; but from balf-past tea to twelve there was a continuous flow of vehicles, from the aristocratic barouche of South Yarra and Toorak, to the cart in which tho "working man" takes one of those many holidays that his luck in being a resident in Victoria enables bim to enjoy. He is comfortably dressed, as usual, in good, honest broad-cloth, aud his wife and children are pleasant to look upon. One of tbe traditions of the past used to be to describe the river as well as the rail and the road, but our experience does not recall ever meeting a man who went by the river, and we should not attach any particular value to his description if we did. One novelty we did notice, and that was tbe appearance of several gentlemen on bicycles who certainly got over the ground in the most ap proved style, end in a manner calculated to excite envy, if not admiration, in the hearts of the beholders. So far as the accommodation on the Course is concerned, it is simply ap- Sroaching perfection. It is useless to praise f. Byron Moore more than he has bceu praised already. He must have bad a surfeit of it. To a man whose heart is in his work all the praise in the world does not come up to his internal consciousness that be has done bis duty, and that the publio knows it. Barring the Cnp winner, he will probably be the most talked about creation in Victoria for the next ten days, and will probably turn up smiling at the end with a few fresh ideas for the Champion. The Black Wednesday- ites did a good thing for tbe raciug world when tbey hunted him out of the service, and if there be any raoe courses iu the next world his position is assured. In addition to the new stand, of which the crowd gratefully availed themselves, tho ladies especially must have been in ecstacies orer the two 'dressing-rooms provided for them, tastefully furnished, and with a handsome Majolica fountain in the centre of each, at which some of the earlier arrirals were fortunate enough to procure eau-de- Cologne for their handkerchiefs. We are informed, indepd, that there were also pro vided hair-pins, reels of silk, violet powder, smelling-salts, and various other of those accessories to the female get-up too numer ous and too dangerous to mention. With the fate of Acteon and the probability of police interference, before us, we did not peep into these "retiring grottoes of the beautiful, ' but, from information received, etc., we ere enabled to Bay that the ladies were well pleased with aU the arrangements prepared for their comfort. The accommodation for lnaoheos also was even better than last year, and if we beard the epithet 44 How uioel applied to the arrangements for five o'clock tea once we heard it fifty times. Indeed, Mr. Moore baa made the course so comfort able generally that a man might well go, as the old Romans did to the baths, and take np his quarters there altogether. As for the racing, from the first to the last event it was most enjoyable, rendered aU 'the 'more so by ' the general sense of comfort and convenience experienced by all present, both when the bell rang for the opening event of the season and when all was over. The only melan choly faoes were those of eome 41 frozen out" three-oard men, a few uneuooesafol piok- pockets, and some 41 bowled out" sweep promoters. Sport oomme&oed; with the Melbourne Stakes, for wbich altogether eight borsee weighed out, but this number was reduced to half a dozen by an unfortunate aooident, which resulted in the death of Mr. Smart's filly, Delusion. Pigott was riding The Plunger in hie preliminary canter, and foolishly kept on the inside rounding the turn near the stewards' stand. This prevented him from seeing Delusion, who web coxing the other way, and the oonseqaence was that the pair oollided, with the result that Delu sion was killed and The Plunger so badly hurt that be will never race again. Gough, who was riding Delusion, soon recovered from the shook of his fall, but not so Pigott, who had to be carried to the casualty ward, where he lay all day in great agony. Though still suffering great paiu he was pronounced out of danger yesterday, though we understand that some of hie ribs are broken, and that be has sustained internal injuries. But to return to the racing. As the half- dozen that aooompanied Mr. Watson to the post included Commotion, it was oriy natural that bo should be installed a warm favourite, and next in favour with backers were Le Grand aod First Demon. Almost from the jump, however, there was only oue in it, and that oue the favourite, who waited on Boolka till tbe home turn, when be came away, aud haviug every oue of his opponents dead settled at the distance, oan- tered in the easiest of winners. First Demon and Lo Grand making a great struggle for the barren honors of second place, which the former gained by a head. The Hoth&m; Handicap brought out a field of 17, Bristol having a slight call over Wal- la&gra;, and tbe only other backed to any extent was Baron von Mueller, who, bow- ever, was never formidable, the other pair fighting out the finish, which resulted in WallangTA winning rather comfortably. An interval for lunch gave plenty of time to have a look round the candidates for the Mari- byrnong Plate, for which every one of the 18 colored on tbe card were saddled up, this being the smallest number that has contested this rich two-year-old event since Dagmar beat 11 others in 1872. To the last Garfield was a strong tip, but probably most money was laid out in the paddock for King's Own and David. The owner of the latter was very 6weet upon his chance, and he waB turned out in blooming condition. So, too, was King's Own, one of the handsomest youngsters saddled, who had a winning bracket to his name, and others among the competitors that had previously run creditably in public were Merrimu, Honeydew, Bonne Fortune, Helene, Grati tude and Sandal. The last two were de serted by backers in face of tbe money that had been laid out for their stable companion, Helene, who, however, did not please when stripped, and presented rather a light and haggard appearance. St. Albans was represented by Bonne Fortune and First Kiug'e brother, Second King ; and while the former after her Foal Stakes form was let alone by backers, Seoond King, who looked rather on tbe big side, also declined in favour. Quite the gentle man of the party was Garfield, who on this occasion made his debut in public, and thi6 fine son of Julian Aveoci and Youug Gossamer towered majestically above all his opponents. Another upstanding youngster, who had won a two-year-old race the previous Satur day at Moonee Valley, was Merrimu, oo whom Battv sportc-d tho black and gold of Mr. John Wbittingharo. And here it may be noted that David and Second King wero tbe only Victorian bred ones among tho contestants, among whom there was hardly a single animal that had not met with more or )et=9 Eopport since books were first opened on the event. At tbe start, though, pro bably, two of the most friendless of the lot were the Hod. J. White's pair, Iolantbe and Bargo, the latter of whom Williamson elected to ride in preference to his stable companion. The race is eariljr described, for before they had gone two furlongs Iolantbe showed out. with a clear lead, and though King's Own and David came out in hot pursuit from ju6t below the distance they never had the slightest chance of catching her, aud she passed tbe post the easiest of winners from King' 6 Own, who heat David a length for second money. The winner is a very neat, lengthy, bay filly, and wag bred by 'Mr. Andrew Town at the Richmond Stud, in New South Wales, and at his yearling sale she fell to the Hon. James White's bid of 1S50 guineas. She is by Maribyrnoug, out of the imported mare Rosedale, half 6ister to the great English horse Trietau, and she is, therefore, full sister to Kingsdale, who ran second to Narina for the Maribyrcong Plato last year. Helene was one of tbe first beaten, and though Garfield and The Bohemian both looked dangerous just be fore reaching the distance, they retired at that poiut, from whence out there were only three in it, aod theee the trio that ulti mately filled the places. The order of tho programme was varied this year from the ia-t, and consequently the Selling Race filled up the interval before the Derby crackg were saddled up. This timo the backers got a turn, for Phantom, who was supported down to 2 to 1, won very easily from Egerton and Mistake. The summons to saddle up for the V.R C. Derby was answered by niDO com petitors, and a very fit lot they were. Archie held hie position as favourite to the end of the chapter, and even money was laid before the fall of tbe flag, though on the previous evening a shade of odds had been asked for. But little money was laid out for any of tbe rest but Off Colour, Martioi-Henry, and Sardiue, Little Sifter being sent to ensure a stroDg pace in tbe interests of Off Colour. She did her work well, but it was of no use to her ; stable companion, who, howerer, seemed to up to be ridden with very questionable judg ment in keeping so close to Little Sister's heels to the sheds, where the sister to Royal Maid died right away. At this stage tbe pretensions of Vernet, Signor, and Napier were settled and tbe same to a lesser extent might he 6aid of the chance of Archie, who had been lying last nearly all the way, but who was now trying to make up his lost ground. However, he could not get on terms with the leaders, and as they ran along by the bottom of thetraining ground, Sardiusmadea run up into fir-t place, and led round the home turn. Here Off Colour held oat signals of distress, and it was plain that Archie, who had been running in trouble for eome distance, was also "bellows to mend." Hurricane coming fast on tho out-side, looked to hare a show, but Martini- Henry was treading Sardius heels off below the d istnnce, and when Williamson gave him his head he reduced the issue to a certainty, and coming along at his leisure, won by three lengths from gaining third place. The winner was bred by the Auckland (New Zealand) Stud Company, from whom he was purchased as a yearling by the Hon. James White for 12-50 guineas, and this was his firt-t appearance in public. He is by Musbf-t., out of Sylvia, and ie, therefore, half brother to Goldbbrough and Robin Hood, tbe latter of whom won the V.R.G. Derby of 1875. The great form shown by Mr. White's horses had the effect of causing Blue and White to be well backed for the Coburg Stakes, for which 2G started ; but she was never as good a favourite as either Olga or Paul, the former of whom was never in it ; but 'Paul won comfortably from Fryingpan, who ran a great horse considering his weight. Details of the various events are appended. MELBOURNE STAKES. A sweepstakes of 5 sova. each, £1 10s. forfeit, with ISO added. For tbree-year- olda and upwards. Weight for age. Oue mile aud a quarter. Hop W. Pearson's b h Commotion, by Panic (imp.)— Evening Star (imp.), S yrs, 93t 31b (Trabnn) ... ... ... ... ... 1 Mr J. Moody's br c First Demon (late The Demon), by Gemma di Vergy (imp.)— Lilian, 3 yrs, 7st)2Jb (Nicholson) ... ... ... 2 Mr D. S. Wallace's b c Le Grand, by Epigram— Legend (imp.), 3 yrs, "«t 121b (O'Brien) ... 3 llr 6, Miller's r c Boolka, 4 yrs, 9st (Carey) 0 Mr S. Barnard's ch o Dirk Hatteraick, S jra, 7st Mr.Stewls b o Kingsdale, 3 yrs, 7rt 1Mb agrt Commotion, 5to2Le Grand. 5 to 1 First Demon and Dirt Hatteraiok, 8 to 1 Delusion and The Plunger. The Plunger and Delusion were also weighed out, but, while taking their preliminary canter, they oollided with oue another, with the result that Delusion was killed on the spot, and Goagb, who rode her, and Pigott. who was on The Plunger, had to be conveyed to the casualty ward. When Mr. Watson dispatched the held on their journey, Kingsdale and Boolka were the first to show in fron-, and Qmniniinnaboutalength, the others, keeping close together. Boolka led as they ran past the bridge, Commotion being second. Kings- dele third, and Dirk Hatteraick, Le Grand, and First Demon together just behind. Commotion ran np to floolfrft as they passed the abattoirs, and the pair were three lengths ahead of the other three by the time tho scraping sheds were reached. With the exception that First Demon and Le Grand improved thoir positions, there was no alteration till just before reaching the home turn, where Boolka drew away from Jus op ponents, and looked as if be would bold a good lead at the home turn. At that poiut, however, he was in trouble, and Commotion then assumed the lead, Nicholson bringing up First Demon, and O'Brien making a big effort on Le Grand. Before they reached tbe distance, hewever.it was a guinea to a gooseberry on Commotion, who came on at his ease and won iu a canter by three lengths, a great race between First Demon and Le Grand for the barren honours of second place ending in favour of the former by a head. Boolka was fourth and Kingsdale lost. Time, 2min. Usee. hothah handicap. A sweepetakes of 5 sovs. each, 2 ft., with 200 added. Forthree-year-olds and upwards. Thesecond horse to recoive50 sovs., and the third 25 sovs. out of the stake. One mile and a half and a distance. Mr A. P. Pidcock's b e Wallangra, by Kelpie (imp.)— Thyrza, 3 yrs, 6at "lb (Ellis) 1 Mr J. Moody's br c Bristol, by Clifton— Cerito, 3yrs.7st 81b (Nicholson) ... ... ... 2 Mr W. Brunch's br c Dukedom, by Mari- byruong— Duchess, 3 yrs, 6st 101b (Mooro) ... S Mr A. F. Smart's b h The Drammcr, S yrs, Ost 31b (Huxley)... ... — — » 0 Mr J. Mayo's b h The Gem, 5 yrs, Ost (M'Gradc) 0 Mr J. Monaghau ns br h Sardonyx, 5 yrs, 0 st (Colley) 0 Sir T. Elder's ch h Baron von Maeller, 6 yrs, 8st (Hatchins) ... ... — 0 Mr R. Howie's g h Suwarrow, 6 yrs, 7st 121b (M'Gowan) ... 0 Mr C. L. Mftcdonald's ch f Footstep, 4 yrs, .st 111b (Higelns) ... 0 Mr D. S. Wallace's b g Rhesus, aged, .st 61b (Burton) ... ... — — ® Mr D. S. Wallace's br m Tbe Marchioness, 6 yrs, 7st 51b (Nerriker) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr C. L. Macdonald's b U The Israelite, 5 yrs, 7st 31b (O'Brien) ... Hon. J. Whittiughnm'ech g Attach, age d, 7rt (Crackuell) ... ... ... ... — 0 Mr A. Darics' g m Josephine, 6 yrs, ost 111b (Barr) 0 Mr C. T. Hart's br h Koh-i-noor, 5 yrs. Cst 01b (Kelso) ... 0 Mr J. M'Kentie'sb m Kathleen Mavourneen, G yrs, 6st7lb (F. Hutchins) ... ... ... 0 Betting— 5 to 1 agst Bristol, 6 to 1 W ollangra, 7 to 1 Tbe Drummer, S to| 1 Josephine, 10 to 1 Attach? and Baron von Mueller. A splendid start saw Attache, Suwarrow, and Josephine quickest ou their legs, and the first named led past tho stand, with Josephine second, Suwarrow third, Bristol fourth, Wallangra fifth, Dukedom sixth, Footstep seventh. The Drummer and The Gom whipping in. There was no altera tion in the positions of the lenders till the rivor aide, where Josephine ran up into second place, but quickly retired in favour of Footstep, and here Sardonyx was running last. Attache still led as they neored the bridge, with Footstep second, and Wallangra (who had made a rapid run through the horses) third, Bristol, Kohiooor, Dukedom, Josephine, and Baron von Mueller being the most immediate attendants on this trio. Sardonyx whip- pine in. At the abattoirs Kohinoor assumed the lead, Attachrf falling back iu favour of Wallangra, Bristol and Dukedom next, Footstep being now a long way in the rear, and dropping further behind at every stride. As they ran along by the training ground, Kohinoor was still iu the van, and the colours of Wallangra, Attache, Bristol, and Dukedom wore most prominent, Sar. donyx and The Drummer heading the rest. Foot step being fully twouty leugths behind the lot. Kohinoor was first into the straight, but he soon gave place to Wallangra, to whom Bristol, Sar donyx, The Drnmmcr, and Dukedom seemed to threaten most danger, the last named making a great run on the outside. At the distance Wal langra held a slight advantage of Dukedom and Bristol, and drawing away, he won rather comfort ably by half a leugtb from Bristol, whom Nicholson brought up on the inside, aud who gained second money by a length from Dukedom. Sardonyx was fourth, and The Drummer fifth, Footstep beiug a very bad last. Time, £ lain. 5)/ sec. MARIB1RNONG PLATE. A sweepstakes of 30 sovs. each, b, ft., or 5 sovb. only il declared, with S'.O addud. For 2 yrs old- colts, Sst 101b 5 fillies, 6<t 51b, Tbe second horse to receive 200 sovs., and tho third 100 sovs. out pf the stake. 102 subs. Five furlongs. Hon J. White' p b f IOLANTHE, by Mari- brrnong— llofcdale (imp.), Blue, white slcrm, whifr cap, Sst 51b (Ellis) ... ... ... 1 Mr T. L. Baker's eh c KING'S OWN, by ; Gobisbrouch— Priucess Alice, .Silver, light Hue Mfli and c.ip, 6»t lulb (M'tirnde) ... ... 2 Mr G. Davis's b c DAVID by The Gondolier — Aiico Drew, Ibvun, eiltvr dor, purple cap, Sat U'lb (O'Brien) 3 Mr J. Wilsou'g br c Second King, fist 101b (Moore) 0 Mr J. Whittingham's ch c Merrimu, Sst 101b (Unity) ... - ... 0 Mr A. F, Smart's br c The Bohemian, b'st lCTb (Huxley) 0 Mr W. B. Hall's be Garfield, Sst 101b (Colley) ... 0 Hou J. Kales' brc Honeydew, st 101b (Nerriker) 0 Mr H. M. S. Cox's ch c Buckingham, Sst lolb (O'Connor) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr E. de Mestre's br c Coir, Sst 101b (Hales) ... 0 Hon J. White's b c Bargo, Sst 101b (Williamson) 0 Sir T. Elder's br c King of the Gipsies, Sst 101b (Rawliues) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Mr. S. Barnard's ch c The Broker, Sst 101b (Bowes) 0 Mr W. Branch's ch f Bonuc Fortune, Sst 51b (St. Albans) 0 Mr \V. J. Danger's hi f Venetin, Sst 31b (Gains- ford)... ... ... ... ... ... 0 Mr I?. Love's hr f Helene, Sst 51b (Wymon) ... 0 Mr 11. Tothill'fi b f Gratitude, Sst Sib (Ouinn) ... 0 Mr W. Gordon'B eh f Sandal, Pst 51b (Hutchins) 0 Bettinr— 3 to 1 Garfield, 5 to 1 Helene, 7 to 1 David, King's Own, 10 to 1 Honeydew, Tho Bolie- main, n&d; Second King, 100 to 8 Merrimu, 20 to 1 Iolantbe, Bar.ro, and Buckingham. There were two false starts, in which the colours of King of the Gipsies, Iolantbe, Bargo and Helene were most conspicuous. On the signal being given tho lot got well awuy together. King of the Gipsies in the esntre, lfelcne oo the outside, Bargo, Venetia, Iolanthe, David and Honeydew being the first to show prominently. Before tbey had gone 50 yards King of tho Gipsies and Helene were running together in tbc lead, close behind them being David, Bargo, Tolflutlie, Sindat, Coir, The Bp'ker and King'6 Own. At the tan crossing The Broker was in front, with Iolanthe and lung's Own treading on hio heels, and Dtivjd, Honeydew, The Bohemian and Garfield all ecemiug to be going well, the latter steering a straight course well up on the outeide, whilo several of the others moved in an erratic manner, aod Wymin was thus early hard at work ou Helene. The pretentious of most of tho field were atio by this time well settled, and " iolanthe oo the inside showed with a decided advantage at tlia distance, where King's Owu was going second, and David, Tbc Bohemian, Garfield, Honeydew, Buckingham and Coir were nil iu trouble iu close proximity. Iolanthe contiuued to make the host of her way home, and soon re duced the i?suc to a certainty; for though King's Owu came out in the middle of the roursc, aud David made a great effort at tho end of tbecarriage paddock, they never had the ghost of a show with Jfingsdale's sister, who romped home a three- lengths winner, Kiug's Owu beating David a length for second money, and then came Honeydew, Coir, Bargo, and Garfield, the lot being whipped in by Second King. Time, ltniu. fijsec. £ j " I % 5 | m I a <- C « u ' ' " ' ' - «!£ m ' u I 0 £ - £ £ t ?£ I S c ' P Z jb U fjS t g t i c'C| u , E - . , J £ . . , 1 I ' e1:i 'i ;! fc S'EJ led <CXE£:=>;£££.3xz.2 : =£ 1 = ; : "4: : :2T: T :i I i p |s i- I III I BELXING RACE. A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, £1 10s. ft., with 150 added. For three-year-olds and upwards. Weight for ugfl. Tbe winner to he 6old for £150 71b al lowed for every £50 reduction in selling price. Seven furlongs. Mr J. Leek's g g Phantom, by Lecturer— Lan cashire Witch (nil), aged, 7st Gib (Bobiusou) 1 Mr W. Bailey's b c Egerton (nil), 4 yrs, 7st 7lb (M'Ewuu) 2 Mr A. Soqui'sb h Mistake (nil), 4 yrs, "st 71b (Burton) ... ... ... ... ... 3 Hon. W. Pearson's ch g Liddington (£100), 4 yre, Sst 4 lb (Gardiner) ... ... ... 0 Sir IV, J. Clarke's b g Conntry Squire (£50), 5 jtf, 7et 131b (Murphy) ... ... ... 0 Mr C. Irimy's hi h Hannibal (nil), aged, 7st fib (Ivemy) 0 Mr T. Patrick's br h Wostbury (nil), aged, 7et 91L (Musgrore) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr J. Monatrhdu ns b h Sn&vcller; (nil), aged, 7&t; 91b (Gainsford) ... ... ..." ... 0 MrS. G. Cook'a b c Ticbbourae £100), 3 yrs, 76t 71b (Johnstone) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr A. F. Smart's b c Bon Bou (nil), 3 yrs, Gst 711 (English) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr M. JacoLs'e b c Cbandos (nil), 3 yrs, Cst 71b (Nicholson) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Betting— 2 to 1 agst Phantom, 4 to 1 Hannibal, 5 to 1 Liddington and Soaveller. Liddington made the running in front of Sna veller, TichLorne, and Egerton, the favourite lying close up to this quartette when they ran along by the traiuing grotmd. Ticbbome assumed the lead just before they turned into the straight, but at tb&t; point he gave way, and Mistake and Egerton were in front ea soon as their heads were turned for home; but Phantom quickly pulled his way to the front, and coming on full of Tunning, bad them ell beaten at the distance, and passed the port an easy length-and-a-half winner from Egerton, who was just double that distance in front of Mistake. Time, 1 min. 27i&ec.; The winner was bought ul TBS TOJTOBU DKRBY. A sweepstakes of 25 novo, each, 5 ft, with 500 added. For tbree-year-olds— Colts, 8st. 101b. ; fillies, Sst. 51b. The second horse to receive 100 eovB. and the third horse 50 sovs. out of the stake. (144 subs.) One mile and a halt Hon. J. White's b c MAKTINI-HEKBI, by MuBket (imp.)— Sylvia, blue, while sleeves, blue and vhiu cau. Set 101b (Williamson)... 2 Mr. J. H. Aldridge's b c SAfiOlOS (late Emer« aid), by Emulation— Baby, cardinal, black cap, $8stl0lbiWyman) ... ... ... ... 2 Mr C. Fleming's ch c HU BBIC ANE, by Country man (imp.)— Serenity (Imp,), yclloic, M uc cap, 8st 101b (O'Brien) ... ... ... ... 3 Mr A. F. Smart's br o Archie, 8st 101b (Hnxley) O Mr E. F. Wilson's br or bl c Signor, 8st 101b (Batty) 0 Mr W. Branch's b c Off Colour (late Precious Stone), Sst 101b. (Moore) ... ... ... O Mr. J. A. Lang's br c Napier, 8st 101b (Lang) ... 0 Sir W.J, Clarke's brc Vernet, 8st 101b (Murphy) 0 Mr W. Branch's b t Little Sister, 8st 51b (St. Albans), 8st 101b ... ... ... ... O Betting— Even money on Archie, 5 to 2 Off Colour, 6 to 1 Martini-Henry and Sardius, and 10 to 1 Signor j 1QJ to G Hurricane ; 100 to 5 Napier and Vernet. After three falso starts they got well away to gether, Sigoor, who was in the centre, being the first to show, Archie being on tbe inside, with Hurricane next to him. Little Bister nearest the stand, and Martini-Henri, Off Colour, and Vernet in tbe middle. Bounding the turn after passing the stand Little Sister rushed to the front is the interests of her stable companion, Off Colour, who was a length in her roar as they run towards the river-ride ; and at his girths came Sar dins and Martini-Henri, Huxley taking & pullat Archie, who dropped back last, with Signor uoing just in front of him. Little Sister continued her lead along tho river side, where she was a couple of lengths in front of Off Colour, Sardius next, fol lowed by Martini -Henry, Vernet, Napier, Hurricane, Bignor, and Archie in that order. At the bridge the St. Albans filly had, if anythiug, increased her lead, and Off Colour and Sardius were still second and third, hut Wil liam sou had eased Martini-Henri, and Biguor was running fourth, Archie still in the rear. At tho abattoirs, Littio Sister began to come back to her horses, ul whom Off Colour was nearest to her, and tbeu caiuo Sardius, Veruet, aud Martini-Henri, Archie 6ii)l last, hut having drawn a little hit nearer. At the ehedb the terrific pace she had been making began to tell on Little Bister, who quickly fell back, und kept Archie company in the rear, Sardius making a brilliaut run, and assuming the command, with Oil Colour and Martini-Henri as his nearest attendants. The Caulfleld Guineas winner stijlleda they ran past the training ground, Off Colour beiug a leugth in his rear, with Mortiui- Ucuri at the girths of the St. Albans colt, tlicrcst all tukiug clobor order with the cxceptiou of Little Sister. Huxley now began to push Archie along, aud the favourite fluttered his bickers some what by ruumng past Signor and Veruet, and taking fourth place, but he could never get ou tcriDB with Sardius, Oil Colour, aud Martiui-Heori, the first- named beiug still iu the lead, a leugth from Off Colour, about tbc some distance from whom came Martini-Henri. Sardius led into the straight, with Off Colour and Martiui-Heori still iu atten dance ou him, and Hurricane coming very fust ou the outside, aud here it became cvidcut that the favourite was .out of it, while Vernet, Signor, Napier, and Little Sister had already been running in trouble for some distance. Martini-Henri soon cut down Off Colour, and waited on Sardius till the distance w as reached, when Williomsou called on him, aud he quickly placed the issue beyond doubt, and coining ou, simply romped homo by three lengths lrom Sardius, who beat Hurricane, who came very fast at the fiuisb, by a length tor second money. Off Colour was fourth, aud Archie fifth. Time, 2 lain, 39 see. The following table shows the VTINNEHS OF THE DERBY. 1?'30.— Mr. G, Watson's Flyiug Colours, by Dolo, 4 starters— (Treaeey) 3min. 2see. Mr. Dowling's Camden, by Varhawk, 7 starters— (Morrison) 2min. 53sec. I ....... _ . scxg 'Acfe ' c \- j - j | it.1 ! ! = '?!- u- "H'Tf "T " ' 1 1 c=l|r jlc||'|||'i|iif | ZO csJ-ZSj | i ' 1 Bun on New Year's Day. Tb following is the pcdigTee of tho winner, who was bred by the Auckland Stud Compauy, vis. : V ,1'buri.l Mi.. Bow, :ags;M Pint,Uo .iSSH" 2-! rnainv Filkuda Pater „ ,Dccoy Finesse s ! 77T UTciiuriir i = W. Alls. lilelbomno c.-rnmlcE marj r I : t Julias' TuucS.tout | .= 2 Moweri" Enim;> — ; =. 'Whalebone 1 n Camel > £ Brown mare w . Bes« i. - Brutandorf 5 Daughter of rs Cruikbhoiifc = 1 f 'n . j Captrel 2 ' ,=„ Bustard Misll„r £ i !.= Heron = — i ,r . . .Orville g != of insaUijno < Slit. Anchor pjoViaua \- .| Maiobraco 1, Carnal c Touchstone" ,-rl . = _ Mister Hcury K Bontor ;Boadi<-oa J Lancashire I ' Witch Bustard t ) Kite Olympia CODURG ETAEE5. A handicap 6wccpstakes of 5 gov, each, £1 10s. ft. with 15o added. For threc-yenr-olds und up wards. Ouc mile and a furloDg. Mr. J. Leek's b li Paul, by Maribyrnong— Lady, 5 yrs, "ht 101b (Robinson) ... ... ... 1 Hon. W. Pearson's br li Fryingpan, by Bethnal Green (imp.)— Saucepan (imp.), 4 yrs, fist Bib (Power) 2 Mr S. G. Cook's b g The Joker, by Bismarck— Queen of Hearts, 5 yrs, 6st 21b (Trnhau) ... 3 Mr T. Brown's br h Stocbdale, C yrs, fist 41b (Colley) 0 Mr A/ F. Sullivan's g h Yately, aged, fist (M'Grade) 0 Mr D. S. Wallace's b h Chuckstcr, 5 yrs, 6st 12lb (O'Brien) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's Ir h Bordeaux, aged, Sst lib (Murphy) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Sir T. Elder's b h Bassanio, 4 yrs, Sst 71b (Hutchins) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Hon. W. Peareou'e M taContcssina, 4 yrs, Set 71b (Hocking) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Mr J. G. Rcid'sbgBar One, aged, Sst (Stratford) 0 Mr E. De Meetre'h L f Olga, 3 yrs, Sst (Halcri ... 0 Mr. T. H. Chapman's b m Cuba, 4 yre, 7st 121b (KiJby) 0 Hon. J. White's b f Blue and White, 3 yre, 7st 121b (Williamson) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr. W. Gordons ch f Bis Bis, 3 yrs, "st 91b (Londouelly) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr W. Langley's br h Bt&tioner;, 5 yra "el 61b (£1li<0 0 Hon W. Pearson's b g Ironhand, i yrs, 7et 61b (Cupit) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Mr 8. Gardiner's br m Omelette, 4 yra, 7st 6lb (Flsnnigan) ... ... ... ... ... O Mr 8. Mahun's b c The King's Son, 3 yra, 7et 4lb (Mahon) ... ... ,., ... ... 0 Mr C. Flemminp'a ch g Forlorn, 4 yra, 7et 41b (Smith) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Mr 6. M . Wilson's br c Prodigal, 3 yrs, 7st 31b (Wood) ... ... ... ... ... C Mr J. Peterson's big Black Diamond, aged, 7st 81b (Dobeon)... ... ... ... ... 0 Mr D. 8. Wallace's bl or br c Fevcril, 3 yrs, "st 31b (Noolan) ... ... ... ... 0 Mr. H. Jacobs' bl c Merryjtg, 3 yra, Est l£lb (Nicholson) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Mr W. Field's bf Lady Beatrice, 3 yra, Cst 71b (Kelso) ... ... ... ... ... 0 Betting— 5 to 1 agst Olga, G to 1 Paul, 7 to 1 Fryingpan. S to 1 Blue and White. King's Son, Fryingpan, Stockdulc and Chuckstcr held the lead for the earlier part of the race, but at tbe home (turn Fryingpan and Yately were in tbe lead. At the distance Paul came out, and even tually won rather easily by a length from Frying- pan, Time, lmin. 50jsec. 