A SEA QUEEN. By, "W. Clabk Russell. AtrmoR or "The Wrecs or the Geostexob," " A Sailor's Sweetheart," "An Ocean Fees I/Asce," Ac., £c. Chapter XXL— Mctixy— (Continued). "What do you want, my lads ? Why havo you como aft?' said Richard in his usual voice, finding that tho men only stared with out speaking. One of the seamen in bbic dungaree and half-boots, a fellow named Isaac Quill, ad vanced a step, and letting fall his arms, which he held tightly locked upon his breast, said— " Wo've como 'oft to complain that tho vessel's short handed." " How short-handed.?' said Richard; "The articles provide for fivo able and two ordinary seamen, and a hoy. Vou havo two idlors, and a working second mate besides. There are thirteen men in this small barque. Is not-thnt complement enough for you ? What do you .luean by short-handed ?' " That would ho right enough," answered tho mau, speaking defiantly, "if the five able seamen as signed were all able 'seamen. But, if a vessel of this hero tonnage is to ho workod by three able seamen only, hclpod by fivo men who are no belter than boys, and with a second mate that's hot expected, to go aloft unless tho torps'is are to lie reefed;' I say, as one of them three, that if I'd ha' kqown what was afore mo, I'm cussed if I'd ha' gone to sea in tho barque." " The same here," said the other mail in half hoofs. ' . ' ""Who are tho inefficient men?' aaid Richard. . Thore wa3 no an3wor. "Look here," exclaimed my husband, with some color iu his cheeks. " If you have a gricvauco,.let nio hear it. If to/criny's your game, you're in tho wrong ship for that Icind of skylarking. - Who are the inefficient' men he added,' raising his voice. " Well„Jir3 Bnow's one," replied the spokas-' \- man of tho men. "Suow, do you fflean to tell ind that yon don't know your duty as a seargan ?" exclaimed Richard. Tho man answered qnllenly, " Quill and tho others say I don't. It's not for me to know." " Have you ever had occasion to fiud fault with that man, Mr. Heron i" said Richard, turning to tho mate. " Ho was tho man who failed to report tho ketch iu the fog," responded the mate. " I know that. But what are his other faults ?' ' " There's scarcely been time to fiud out," said tlio mate. " Vou'ro had as good a chanco as tho men. And if you have seen nothing and if J havo seen nothing, what sbonld Quill and Cutter there seo to bring them here ?' exclaimed Richard; . "Send Mr. Short aft, one of you." Nobody offered to move; but the apprentice, who was a great strapping lad of IS or 19, with whiskei'3, named Anthony Moore, put his hand to his mouth; and bawled out, "Mr. Short, the cap'n wants ye !" on which the carpenter at once came out of his house. He was munching, as though he had left his dinner oa a sudden, and 6howcd no surprise at seeing tiie crow gathered in a menacing manner in the gangway. " Mi'. Short," said RichUrd, " the men are complaining of inefficient bandB among them. Quill, there, says that two of the five able seamen are worthless. So far as I havo noticed them one appears as good as auothcr. Mr. Heron professes not to have had timo to make discoveries," he continued, with a con tempt ho took no pains to conceal. " What have you seen 1 Is this complaint a reason able one " The carpenter looked at Mr; Heron- and then at tho men, and' said, "I doubt tliatsome of them are not up to much." "Name them," said Richard. "Jim Snow's one, isn't he, my lads?" ex claimed Short, addressing the men. "And then there's Dan C'ook and Mieky Craig." " Ay, that's it, Mr. Short," answered the men, in a chorus, tho fellows charged with in efficiency themselves saying, " Ay, that's it." The mere fact of the carpenter running over the names prored that he and the crew were one in this business. But worso still was it that two of the three men— the third man being at the wheel — who were represented as inefficient, took the accusation of Quill in good nart.without aprotest, as if tho subject hod been rehearsed, and thoy wero to play the part of worthless seamen. This alone was ample con demnation of tbe wholo proceeding as an in- sincore, wicked conspiracy ; for suoh is the feeling among sailors in tho matter of their rating that no honest man, knowing himself to he equal to his duties, would stand by with out indignantly expostulating should ids ship mates call him useless to the captain beforehls face. If tliis was apparent to me, how plain must it havo been to Richard ! Ho was very pale again, but his face was as bard as stone, and nothing but an occasional flattering of. the nostrils aud a sharp fire in his eyes gave warn ing of his temper. "How this has been brought about," said lie, "" I don't yet know. Maybe I shall find uut. But I see through your meaning, and' therefore declino to hear another word upon it So now go forward." Ono or two! men mado a movement, as if their habit of obedience were stronger than their mutinccring humors. -Tbo . others stayed where they were. "That's no answor to our complaint," said Quill. "We signed articles for five able sea men, an' it turns out thero,are only three. I'm not going to work in a watch - in which I'm the only capable sailor man ; and, as the whole thing's wrong, I'm here to tell you, for myself and tho others, that, if we're not to havo our rights, we shall refuse duty." "Your rights !" exclaimed Richard. "You shall havo your rights, depend upon it Go forward, do you hear ?" " What's your unswer ?" aaid tho mau named Cutter. " Why, that you're a gong of loafing vaga bonds — a pack of idle ruffians, whom I'll make such an cxamplo of yet that you'll remember Captain Fowler whilst you have breath in your bodies ! That's my answer !" shouted my husband, with both bis fists clenched, no longer ablo to control his passion. " I've sailed with worse men even than you, and have seen them beaton. I'll match you, Quill ! I see through you and he mado a movement as if ho would fall upon them. I bitterly deplored this outburst of temper. He could do no good by calling tho men hard names. Far better had he reasoned with them coolly, for, though nothing should have come of his arguments, yet ho waB bound to have had their respects by keeping cool and talking temperately. Indeed, I was moro frightened by seeing him lose himself in his passion than by the attitude of the men. I stood at tho after end of the skylight, a picture of fear, I make no doubt ; for, indeed, when my eyes quitted tbe faces of the crew, and I looked at Richard, and at tho mighty and lonely expanse of waters, in the midst of which our little barque was sailing, the only object probably for leagues and leagues, the helplessness of onr situation rushed upon mo, and I realised, in all its nakedness, the horror of a mutiny at sea. " Ye may bully and threaten as much as j-on please," responded Quill; "hut all such talk is no answer to our complaint." " What do you want tbe captain to do ?" said Heron, breaking silence for the first time, but speaking with an air of indifference that | ho did not take the least tronblo io conceal, " Wo want tho barque to have her proper complement of working men," answered Quill., " Well, you'll havo to wait till you get to Sierra Leone," said the mate, talking like a man who was playing a part, too. " No; wo won't," said Cutter. " Wo mean to put had:. There's Mr. Short to bear wit ness in onr favor ; and, before we raako tho English coast, ye'll have found out that wo're speaking the troth, sir." "There'll be no putting back," said my hnsband, speaking, to my groat relief, with moderation, -though with intensity. "We're bound to Sierra Loonc, and to Sierra Leone we'll go." , " Then tho cabin will hare to work the ship, for Tm damned if tbofo'kslc will," said Quill, folding his arms and lurching abont on his legs to tho rolling of the vessel " You've said it, and we'll sec. Go forward, now !" said Richard. Cutter was about to spook. "Go forward !" shouted my husband, laying his hand upon the breast of his coat. Whethor the gesture frightened them or not — to mo it was horribly significant — I cannot tell ; but this time thoy obeyed, and, going in ajiody to tho forccastlo, disappeared down tho scnttlo. "Who's gwine to relievo mo here?" sung out' tho fellow who was steering, a mulatto, named Dan Cock. "Keep your place," answered Richard. " Havo you no oeusc, man " Ho : I can't keep my place ; I'm ono ob de crow," ho answered. " If nobody come, I most let go do wheel— I most, so help me, sab ! Eight bells havo gone — my trick's up, sah ! Wid (lis wedder helm she'll fly right into de eye ob de wind— ay, euro as I. stands here — and den look ont for de spars." And, as he said this, he made as if he would let go the wheel.' ' I stood close by, and thinking he' was about to quit his post, I took hold of the spokes. Ho drew away a pace, and stared at me with his mouth open, then took to his liecls, ran with all his might to the forecastle, and jumped down the scuttle; like a water rat in a river. Both Short and Heron stood together at tho skylight looking idly on ; bnt neither of them offered to take the wheel from me. Though I had not held a wheel for years, yet I had steered my father's vessel so often, to iunuso myself, during tho voyages I took with him, that the act earns to ir.o very easily now. .Moreover, snch was the trim of tho barque that, with a slight weather helm, sho steered kc-rfifilf. and T hari nnfchinr. In rln l,nf. t.r» the wheel steady and watch the card. How ever, 1 wus not to bo kept at this work long, for, when the mulatto ran forward, my hus band called tho steward. Tho man came out of the galley, walking very slowly, with an acid face. > " Go and take the wheel," said Richard. "Take tho wheel !" cried the man, trying to look as if he thought my husband was joking. "Me?" "Yes, you! Aft with you, now." " I can't steer," said the steward. " Well, you must learn. Go and lay hold of the spokes," said Richard, with his voice tre mulous with the tempeii that was again master- ing him. / "It's no part o' my duty to steer," ex claimed the steward. " I didn't ship for that sarvice. There's no seamanship expected of . me. Ye may send mo aloft, and ye can make ine turn' to in all hands' work, but ye can't obligo mo to steer." Whether he was within his rights in' this I do not know." My hnsband turned from him,' and, addressing the mates, said — " Ain I to expect any support from you ? Let me know at onco." " You have nd right to challenge me, sir," answered Heron. " I've disputed no ordbrs as "yet." ' ' "And you?' said Richard, turning "upon Short. ' " Oil,'' answered he, With a heave of his hack, " I've shipped to do certain work, and I'll do it. Only I didn't bargain upon this mess, capt'n, and I'm not going to do the duty of a wholo sbip'B company." "Thou go and relievo that lady at the wheel there." The man took a moment to think, turned on his heel, and came with a leisurely shuffle to tho wheel. I joined my husband. " Mr. Heron," said Richard, who was Dale and deeply agitated, as if beginning for the first timo to realise the meaning of the trouble that had come upon us, aud, above ail, the monstrous unfairness of it, "what part are you playing in this mutiny ?" " No part at all," answered tho other, sullenly. "If you are with tbe men you are against me. Is thai so 7 Lot mo know, sir." And I, who had put my hand on his ann, as an appeal to him to restrain his passion, felt him tremb ling like a freezing man. "You have no right to speak like that, sir," said the mate, in a low voice. "I'm not forced to wear my mind insido out. Timo enough for you to find fault when I refuse your bidding. Givo me un order, and I'll execute it," There was something so contemptible in this reply that it must havo fallon cool upou tho hottest man's passion. Nothing in lifo was clearer thin that this man was on the side of tho crow—not because ha believed in their trumped up grievance, not because he cared one jot about them in any way, hut because his desire was to see my husband thwarted and ' troubled, and because ho wished to jeopardise, if ho possibly could, Richard's professional character and chances without endangering his owu interests. There was, indeed, no other way of accounting for his conduct. Beyond the reprimand Richard bad given him at the beginning of tlio voyage, nothing that I knew of had passed between them to account for the mate's dislike of him. Ho might havo been jealons of my husband's position, for ho was -the elder by several vears; or his oharacter was sufficiently base and re sentful to be set smouldesing by even so Binall a professional circumstance as the re- primaDd ho had received, but, whatever tbo cayao was, there he stopped, professing duty with his tongue, but looking dislike, and even bate, with liis face, and scarcely concealing his satisfaction at the heavy and perilous em barrassment that had como upon his cap tain. My husband stood looking at him for two or threo moments without speaking ; then, with a changed manner and changed voice, told him to go aft and hoist tho ensign, union down, at tho peak ; and, aa ho gavo this order, b« stooped to look under tho foot of tho main sail at the sea that way, and afterwards swept the horizon to windward, but there was nothing in sight. I did not liko to speak to him. The distress of his mind showed so visibly in his face that I could hardly hear to look at him. He walked swiftly to and fro athwart the deck, biting his under-lip and knitting his brows ; then, in a sudden passionate manner, hurried forward, gained the forecastle, and closed the top of the hatch in such a way as to imprison the whole of the crew who were below. Chapter XXII. — The Men are Released. As he returned, he looked into the galley, and addressed Borne words, with a violent ges ture of the arm, to the cook, aud then rejoined me. "I have tbem now," said he. "They tame - | wild beasts by keeping them without water ; i and those scoundrels shall lie there till thirst brings them to their senses. You see what I have dono?" he called out to tho mates, " Yes, sir," replied Heron. "Understand— bothof you— that that scuttle is not to be touched without my orders I" They answered at once, " Ay, ay, sir." After a little tho mate went bolow, but my husband continued walking athwart the deck, with his arms locked upon his breast, whilst I stood beside the skylight watching him, greatly agitated by what bad taken place and won dering what wc should do. The barque, as I have said, was ' under all plain sail. Tilts cloths offered an immeu3o surface, and as I looked at tho white and glistening spaces a feeling of terror possessed ine when I thought of what must happen if tho weather grew bois terous and the men refused to return to their duty. l'rcsqntly Richard's eye lighted upon me. Ho stopped, and forcing a smilo. said, "Your old dreams of tho scaucrcr included a businois of this kind, Jess ?' " Ho," I answered. " How has it all come about, Richard ?' " I know no mora than you," said he. " But I have no donht whatever that the males are at tbe bottom of it. They have found some rascally hands in the forecastle — Quill, foi instance, aud that yellow devil who ran away from the wheel just now ; and the carpenter, taking liis cue from Heron, lias encouraged them to grumble, whilst they in their turn have influenced tho rest. Tho wholo thing is vamped up. The men who pretend not to he equal to tho discharge of ahlo seamen's duty aro merely acting a part agreed upon." "I felt that as Ilistoucd to them,", said I. " Did you note tho behavior of . the mates! Short actually chimed in with them. Heron who is more unprincipled, was more cautious But, depend upon it, he took caro to let the craw tell by his manner that he was as much against me as any of them." "It seems so unreasonable, so monstrous,' said I, " that a whole crew should turn lik< - 1 tliis, so early in the voyage, upon a captain they have nothing to say against. Even were it true that some of the able seamen ate bad sailors, it would be a grievanco no honest man among them would hold you responsible for." " When sailors are rascals, there's no kind of rascalB v.-orsc," said lie. " Tliis is not th« first time a ship's crow have mutinied without just reason; and I have oven heard of a second mato turning out to be the promoter ol tho rebellion ; hut never in all, my expe rience and reading have I come across such thing as both mutes — nay, ovory living croa t.niA rlinavrl n. vi>ss8/>1— firmrnftt, a master who ha3 dono them no wrong, and whero there is no complaint to he made ' against tho ship. Am I to assumo that Hcroo is paying me out for the talking to I gave hiu> in the North Sea? But what is the use of conjecturing ? Here is the thing right under our noses. How am I to cope with it ? Ob, Jc3s, I wish you were at homo. I wish yon were safe with your father ! Your presence unmans me. Your precious life weighs against the resolution I ought to hare to deal with these villains," Ho was deeply moved, aud looked at m' with sorrowful eyes and a face full of he wilderment. I was equally moved to hen him speak in this manner; for, as he kneu ' . how great was my love for him, he might wel' . suppose that I could desire no greater glorj than to share in his difficulties and perils, and that nothing could ' shame me more deeply t< the heart than to believe bim capable of sup posing I thought only of my own safety when he-was in danger. Mayho he read what was passing in tnj mind, for so I interpreted his smile, that was like. a recognition of my thdbghts. But h» was too much troubled to dwoll long upon any ono point of this sudden calamity. Ho kept on saying, as if to himself, " Both mates against mo ! Hot a living creature hones! enough, among a -company of twelve men, tc admit that I am being cruelly ill treated ! It is incredible ! Who would bolieve it ? Why if the mates and the seamen had all been con victs, they could not prove more dangerous scoundrels to go afloat with. Our very Uvea aro not safe !" and,' as he said this, he laid his hand on his breast. " -What havo you here ?" said L "Nothing, .Tess, nothing," ho answered letting fall liis hand. " Why not toll me 5" I exclaimed. " Is it a pistol ?,; ' " Yes," he replied, with a little hesitation ; and a darkness came into his faoo as be said, ' '' Thank God Quill went forward when I told him. In another minute I must have shot him." ' "Oh Richard !" cried I, clasping my hands, " for Gad's sake, do not carry such a horrible temptation to your passions about with you." "Hush!" ho exclaimed, looking in tho direction where tho carpenter stood steering " I am one to twelve, and I know my mcii. Say no more about it, Jessie;" and bespoke so sternly that the protest I was about to re peat died away on my lips. I bad guessed by the manner in which he slapped his breast, when he bade the crew go forward, that he had a pistol there ; yet I was not so certainly con vinced but that tho confirmation of my sus picion affected-mo like a violent blow, bringing hom.e with uubearablo emphasis the character of our peril, by giving mo to seo how ho had prepared himself for it. His glance happened to full upon bis sex tant, that lay upon the skylight. Ho instantly took it up, and said, " I must go below, to work out these Bights. Thoy had utterly passed from my miud. Stay on deck, Jess, till I return, and should the steward or cook approach the fore scuttle — that little hatch there, just before the windlass — call to me through the skylight." bo speaking, ho left mc, just going to the binnacle, aud saying something to tho carpenter, and looking up as he spoke, as though referring to the quantity of- canvas on the barque, and then narrowly scanning the horizon to judge of the weather, and also to sec if there was any vessel in sight. It seemed strange indeed to me to he walk ing thu deck as if I had cummaud ; for this was tho feeling given by the responsibility to keep watch that my husband had put upon me. I knew what ho feared was that tho cook or tho steward might in liis absence sneak forward and liberate the men ; who, should they be let loose in this way, were very likely to be hurried iuto extremities by their rage at having bqcn battened down in tbe small forecastle anfl threatened with hun ger and thirst if tliey did not return to their duty. Accordingly, I kept my eyes closely fixed on that part of tbe vessel ; but all thu whilo I was wondering how this unhappy and dangerous business was to end, whether any good would como of my goiug to the men and endeavoring to make pcaco, and, abovo all, how we should manage, far out as wo were iu the Atlantic, and without a man to trust to, even among tbe four who bad not directly mutinied — i.e., the mates, steward aud cook — if tho crew cootinucd obstinate in their refusal to work tlio vessel. My imagination, always mo3t active when I was least thankful forit3 suggestions, painted that darksome interior forward for me, and, though I do not know what sort of appenranco the inside of the forecastle presented, I could easily figure a sort of gloomy cave, dimly ligh.'ril by an oil lamp, tbe wholo made resonant by the wa3h and hollow thunder of the bow wave, as it roared from the cutwater, and picture the faces of the crew, pallid as ghosts in the 'sickly light, as the men sat up on their chests, and conferred upon what was best , to be dono now that thoy .were imprisoned,. , and there was no chance of obtaining prori, sicne unless they turned to, ' ' 