West Maitland School of Arts. A special general meeting of the members of the West Maitland School of Arts was held in the hall of the institution, on Thursday evening, called in response to a requisition, to consider the question: "Ought a newspaper called The Liberal to be ad mitted into the West Maitland School of Arts." The meeting was one of the largest and most enthusias- ic that we remember of the members. The PRESIDENT (Mr. C. F. Soding) presided. Ihe Pbksidknt read the requisition, which was in Erdance with the rules of the institution, and also sdvertisemeatcalling the meeting; ftn* ""° ed upon the Rev. John Bhaw, the moving per, to lay the matter before the meeting. ï Rev. John Shaw disclaimed th«,^4.,0' ,a member. He only consiaered himself n signatory with the other nine. He asked the i to be pursued as to time of speakisg, &c.; ,o Pbesidhnt said perhaps he had not 'the proper term when be said moving member, leneral meetings no time was mentioned as to king, but he threw himself cm the generosity of aee'ing. ... ¿ Rev" John Shaw said he never rose with a 1er sense of responsibility in his life, and that yould not have been there but for a stern -* of duty. Whethor people thought so foot, he did not like contention or argument. -a hoped, whatever was 6aid in the oourse of that Sebate that they would preserve personal goodwill. ey were taking a constitutional right in calling md meeting. He considered the meeting os a not unfriendly enquiry as to whether the committee were in accord with the members in laying Ih» Liberal on the reading room table. If he were one of the committee, he wonld look upon it as a friendly suit, to determine n certain question, with good will on either side. The question was "Should Ih* Liberal be laid ob the table." Without further erplanation he would move the resolution-" That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that The Liberal be withdrawn from the West Maitland Behool of Arts." (Applauss ) Ha hoped no one would say that he was starting at a shadow, that be had invented a ghost, that he had seen a bogie, that he waa full of groundless alarms. He hoped to make plain that ha had very good grounds for the action ha wa» taking. He quoted from No. 1 of Th» Liberal a paragraph announcing the formation of a branch of the Liberal Association in West Maitland, which was described as a step in the right direction ; It would enable the spread of free thought literature, which waa a sowing of the seed bound ose day to bear fruit. In the face of that could it be »»Id that he was starting at a shadow,. or had Invented a ghost P Tbere was something Serious bebind the laying of the paper on the table of the School of Arts, The branch of that association appeared to be formed ia West Maitland by Mr Coligny. [He read the pro- ceedings ot the meeting.] If they had no branch of the Association, they would have no Liberal on the table, Now with regard to the principles : he said now that tbey went to the destruction of all bellefin God. In support of this be quoted from an editorial article ; and from another article by John Hodson, who taught that a belief in the spiritualist's g«d was superior to belief in tbe Christian's God, In No. 8 Mr. Lacy taught that every man's God was a reflection of his own best ideas. He also ; quoted from Dr. Hughes' lecture on " Old Rage." \ That teaching amounted to just what he said-the ,'".,, elimination of God from the universe ; and it struck , '' 'it the foundation of all religions whatever X "' (applause). They would see that there was no patty * ', feeling, no sectarianism, no denominationalism in 1, .. that. It was a plain simple idea-a statement of the j? JÍprindary fact in nature s Is there a God or not. The ?' .J Liberal goes to show there is no God. When they .Wminated God from the universe what did they get in] his place, but the doctrine of absolute neces-ity. When they got rid of God what became of morality f Qiaoting from No. 6 ha proved that the obligation ob the marriage tie was disregarded, and táo doctrine of free love taught ; and in another an article referring to the great work of Charles Bradlaugh and Annie Besant, which they were doing sib grandly. Then with regard to prayer. Of course iff there was no God, there could be no prayer ?/Diviner action must take tbe place of prayer." ¿Patriotism was always regarded as a splendid thing in a man or nation, but this taught that the man "fcho tfave up his right to a voice in the government to'/ot his country by joining the army or navy, bartered I] ¡away the dignity of his humanity, He would care i fully abstain from anything that would militate 4 against good will and unity. He felt the \matt«r deeply, and all those things which he \ud read caueed pair, to a large number in that 'VÇgJ*.-4 VplajisM, ïha introduction of this paper put tkiss tnings before them. It was an entirely new departure. Io the history of the School of Arts such a thing had never occurred before, and hs regretted to see it. He thought it was a great mistake, to use a mild term, that suob. a paper stould be introduced. Tbey thought the School of Arts should be neutral-that the committee should be neutral. When they came to the School of Arts they should not have their sensibilities deeply pained. They should be able to send their youths their boys, and if they liked their girls-to the School of Arts, and to know that they would read nothing to cause a doubt in their young unbalanced minds, as to the existence of a God above, and the teaching which they valued as the highest things in this life (applause)-against all that they thought made life worth living. They thought that the com- mittee should be neutral, and that they could meet in friendship and neutrality all round. It was a great thing that tbey should bave in every town a building where every class and sect might meet where they might know that there would be no burning questions, but where they could meet in common agreement, (applause.) Could tbere be that if that kind of literature was placed before them ? (hear, hear). He asked young men and old men to deal most seriously with this solemn question. It was a wise policy which kept this class of litera- ture out, and be would like to see it reverted to again. The School of Arts should not be a place for any paper which would destroy the idea of a God— the central governing idea of their human life—that taught there was no God, no prayer, no morality, no patriotism, no Saviour. Such a paper was aggressive. He would like to see the policy altered, and he put it to them in a friendly sober spirit. He would not detain them much longer, but as they had heard so much of the grandeur of the new ides, he would give them the opinions of a few people on the old truths! He read extracts of the opinions of Gold- win Smith, Lecky, Frederick Harrison, on God and religion ; and a quotation from an atheistic work of the regret of the writer at what he had lost, in letting go religion. They should guard themselves and the young, with their unbalanced minds, from placing such literature as that contained in The Liberal before them, which scoffed at marriage, prayer, God, and all they held most dear. For all those reasons he proposed the resolution. (Loud applause.) After a pause the motion was seconded by Mr. ätjtlkb. I After another pause Mb. Jambs Pbitchabd rrse, land after joining in the opinion expressed that they «¡should consider the question in a calm dispassionate 'manner, asked that the minute authorising the layiDg of the paper on the table be read. Mr. Poulton, the acting Secretary, was about reading the last minute when some discussion arose, and it waa agreed to receive the whole. It appeared thai The Liberal waa first mentioned in a report from a sub-committee ; that it was objected to ; that the Rev. J. Benvie moved that if it was received tbey should also obtain the Proteitant Standard, Preiby terian, Xieeman't Journal, Witneu, Warcry, and other similar papers ; that the matter was ndjournod; that it was afterwards pro- posed to obtain these papers by different members ; and at another meeting it was decided by 7 to 1 to obtain them provided they were supplied free. The Rev. J. Ben vi k denied the correctness of the minutes: He never proposed that any of these papers should ba obtained : he voted against the i whole of them. He knew an attempt was being Çrunde to make him n scapegoat ia this matter, iffbis was what he did : When the Liberal was pro fposed he opposed it as a party paper, and in doing leo said, "If you put that paper ou the table I'll ?propose that the Pioteetant Standard and every ?other party paper be put on the table." ?He was not at the meeting when the minutes ?were confirmed. When the motion came on, he ?voted against the whole of tbem. This was only in {explanation. He claimed his right to speak again. Mr. PniTCH*BD thought it well th5t the minutes [were read: they had now tbe whole matter before tbem, He was not tbere to defend The Liberal or any other paper. * Mr. 8haw had told them that this I action was a decided departure from any previous ?committee, and ha thought he would egree with bim I (Mr. Pritchard) that it was not altogether wise for I that institution or an individual to always iwalk ia the 8am& groove-that tbey should navor II themselves to walk! . use hiding the fact, saafi number of them might, ueplore it, "but there wa» a large amount of unrest and anxious thinking upon matters called religious, He said " called religious," because it was exceedingly difficult to define what religion waa. Abler minds than his had attempted the task and not succeeded. (Hear, hear ) It was a fact that there was disquietude and unrest on matters of theology and speculation, This paper and other prints were chosen by some, and other kinds by oth-rs. That institution was subsidised by the State, without any reference to sectarianism, and without any bint as to the reading matter to bs supplied, [Voices: "No, no." "You have not seen the pamphlets sent."] If it was supported entirely by members, then the majority could decide as to the literature to be admitted ; but it was not. It was partly supported by the Stat'». It was a public institution, thorougly unsectarian, and he trusted it always would be, Granting the unrest and enquiry abroad, if a portion of the mem- bers required this kind of reading, why keep it from them P Because they wished to move with peace and good order, was that any reason why they should not wish to become acquainted with the outside world of thought? If the paper ondemned was so thoroughly bad as represented, earely It must be patent to every intelligent mind, and it would be harmless to those who read it. That was the reason it was admitted by the committee, Tp use the wards of Mr, Benvie, if you have the poison, then by all 'menr.s have the antidote-Mr. Benvie had used those words-f Mr. Bxnvik : Perhaps.]-and it was at once decided to admit all if Bupplied free of charge. He contended that the only result of that agitation would be to advertise the paper, which if left alone would be harmless. (Applause.) He voted so that those who desired this cibbb of litera- ture might read it. To those who did not desire 'it there was no compulsion to read 'it. Apart from the sentimentality of the matter, and locking at in a hard practical manner, he looked upon it as a progressive movement-one in ac- cordance with the spirit of the age in which we lived. Were it not for active enquirers they would have had very few of the reforms they were aow enjoying. Many of the reforms they were now etfjoying were brought about by mental unrest and actions of men who dared to think for themselves. He thought the movement a good one (hear, hear) -a. progressive one (hear, htar ; no, no.) The committee were no more responsible for what was written in the paper than for the different political opinions expressed in other papers. Mr. Shaw bad read some extracts which must neve been to him simply horrifying; but was there nothing else to read P Had they read the paper number by numberP If they had not, they were not in a true position to record an honest verdict. (Applause.) If they were a court of enquiry he would ask had they made themselves acquainted with the contents of the paper. [Hear. "Ves."] If they had'thoy could give a true verdict. ["Did the com- mittee make itself acquainted with its con- tenta P" J The committee were never asked to give a verdict on its contents. ["They admitted it."J The committee admitted all papers. There were other articles ia the paper-one waa Den ton's lecture on health, for instance, which, if read as a class book in our public schools, would do more good than harm. (Hear, hear.) There were other things which might be read. [Interruption.] He was not the champion oí the committee ; he only spoke for himself. He thought, and still thought, the com* mittee had done no wrong in laying all the papers on tbe table. It was thought .that the minds of the untrained thinkbrs might be influenced by the specious arguments in the paper, and much of their faith broken down. Was it possible that a miserable little paper like that would have that re- sult in the face of all the agencies and the thousands of books of a contrary view ? Such a view was dero- gatory to the faith of which they were so fond of boasting. If tbey were not afraid why did they ob- ject to it. If it was once know that it was objected to thousands would be anxious to get it [" No, no." Interruption.] He said there would be in face of an adverse vote that night. He had no desire to wound the feelings of anyone. He never forced his opinions upon others and be claimed a right to bold hie own. He would vote against tbe resolution. He bad a strong desire to see the human family truthful, honest, and moral ; he yielded to no one in that desire, and if he thought any words of his would have a contrary effect -he would for ever be dumb. (Applause.) Mr. R. Jacob, who was applauded, said though he did not believe in ministers taking tue lead in every movement, tbey ought to be thankful to those gentlemen who had come forward to move in this matter, which waa one of considerable importance to this their adopted country. The wobI or woe of the district depended on whether they es- tablished this bad principle or not. In answer to Mr. Pritchard, h» contended that the School of Arts be- ing subsidised by the State was a reason why they should not allow such a paper on the table. They might just as well say that if n party of foreigners established themselves in their midst they-would be justified in introducing Continental customs. He believed the introduction of tbis Liberal paper was simply introducing the thin end of the wedge tor the introduction of Continental customs, such as opening Museums and Schools of Arts on Sundays,&o.; [" No, no." The speaker was about to read some poetry but refrained on some of the audience expressing their dissent.] He quoted an extract from the paper with reference to the "wicked Bible,'to the effect that God should have prevented the printers from mak- ing the errors which had gained it the name, and mentioned that he saw a young man reading the paper, who was a teacher in a Sunday school, and who said there was a good deal of truth in some of it. That would show the evil it would do, if allowed to be ou the table. The arguments against the other papers being the same were not good. If there was a sceptic in the room this paper would have an effect upon him ; the other re- ligious papers would not. He instanced the reply of the Queen of England to the Queen of Mada- gascar, who asked the seciet of England's greatness. The Queen took a little bible off tbe table and said " This ia England's ereatnees ; this is England's glory." (Applause.) Were they to tolerate such etatements as that about the " Wicked Bible." They might as well ask why had Gcd not guided the hand of the Phoenix Park murderers; or of O'Parrell. Let the free thinkers attack the Bible as they liked : their efforts would be as futile as the stormy waves of the vast Pacific upon the rock-bound coast of Aus- tralia, which were dashed back in useless spray. The Rev. J. Bbnvib, who was called on by the meeting said he would much rather others in their midst had been called on. First of all he would say that he had perhaps read more atheistic and infidel literature than any one else in the room, and all ita effect had bten to make him sure of the truth of Christianity. He was not the least afraid of this paltry paper, to use Mr. Pritchard's expression, To Him it was a mere intellectual shrimp. He would not say that to others it was the same. To him the statements were threadbare, and the only annoyance to him was to bave tbem continually dinned into his ears. If they looked into the merits bf the paper, it was atheistic to the core. It decreed the abolition ot God. Mr. Lacy was going to introdncs a new religion, to tike the place of Christianity. The paper was also anta fonistic to humanity : it cut at the root of morality, t was constantly sneering at the most serious affairs. He referred to some sneering remarks in the paper distributed in the meeting on the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, an ordinance celebrated through- out Christendon, and in which the highest and holiest determinations, the purest and brightest hopes, were implanted in them. The Liberal writers were degraded by such filthy sneers- He referred to another paragraph about Archbishop Tait. He might differ from some of his friends on one point ; he was not very anxious to expel the paper. Tbere was a saying, if you give him rope enough he will hang himself. Some people blazon abroad their own shame. He would vote again st it as b» did against any of the others proposed in com- mittee on the ground tint it was a party paper. It was introducing discord into the institution, All party papers should be excluded, He related what took place in committee. He was not very sorry that the resolution was carried in committee, as those desirous of having that paper had swallowed all the others to get it on the table (Applause.) His own feeling was that having all these papers on the reading room table was a gain to Christianity, but he would not on that account vote for th-j paper. The resolution was that tbey should be laid on the table, if obtained free. That placed the institution in a paltry and mean position, and he felt degraded. There was something highly ludicrous too at a Roman Catholic Secretary knock- ing at the door of the Protestant Standard for favours. If they wanted the papéis they should pay for them, 1 In answer to Mr. Bippbb, it waa stated that «orne;, of the other religious papers had been sdppliediree, and if the office would not do so, any member could j supply tbem. A proposal was made to adjourn the meeting, and a rather worm discussion ensued.. A motion that the discussion be adjourned titi the half-yearly meeting was opposed by amendments to adjourn for a fort- night, and one to proceed and conclude the matter that night, The latter was carried by a large majority, Mr. P. MxNKENSsaid that owing to the notoriety Maitland had gained for raising sectarian cries he ' was not surprised at hearing that a requisitloa was being taken round for a meeting to express dis- approval with The Liberal, but be web surprised that the mover in the matter should be Mr. Shaw, whom he thought was a liberal among the liberals. He proceeded to give a history of the matter, and asserted that the Rev. Mr. Benvie said he had no objection, provided the Prolettant Standard and other papers were put on the table. [Mr. Benvie denied that he had done so; he objected to the whole thing. The President bore out Mr. Benvie's statement,] Others advocated other religious papers. Eventually a motion was proposed by Mr. Hill, that all the papers be admitted, provided it was free of expense, and the writings were strictly kept within the bounds of morality. He sup- ported it, and it was carried by 7 to 4., It was simply nonsense to say that the mare presence of The Liberal would be a cause of dissent among certain mem- bers of the community. If any one had any objec- tion to that or any of the other papers he would say leave them alone, ignore their very existence. If a person liked to read it he could do so. For his own part, he was glad to read all party papers, so as to compare the different views and draw his own con- clusions. It was said that persons who wished to read TA« Liberal could read it at home, but he urged many could not afford the expense, small as it was. Besides, he said the School of Arts was there for the cultivation of the minds of the members, and they had a right to demand this paper, which opened a field of new thought, which corresponded to the age In which they lived. [Dissent] If they wished to wipe away all sectarianism, why was the hall allowed free to all sorts of sectarian lectures. Two montos ego there was a lecture delivered there on the Translations of the Bnglish Bible. [He was quoting a sentence from the leoture, with refer- ence to the Roman Catholics, amid cries of dissent.. A Voice : " The School of Arts had nothing to do with that lecture. The hall was paid for."] Such lectures were encouraged here. He wsa sure if Par- son Cbiniquy applied for the use of tile hall, be would be received with open aims, [Dissent and applause.] Ii these pretended lovers of peace threw off theic disguise, and troubled themselves a-little more about themselves^ there would .fee more peace. Business men In Maitland' had -told him that they dare not express their honest opinion, as their business would go by their doing so. Was that in keeping with their proud race, or with the nineteenth century P Peeple were com- pelled to walk abont with a religious disguise in order to succeed in their business. Ha said literally it wa» a harmless and good little paper. ["No, no."] Though he did not quite agree with all the contests, still be would say thaf In a moral point of view it could be closely criticised, and would bear favourable comparison with other religious papers. The Rev. Mr. Benvie had called it a filthy paper, and anotherrev.gentleman laètSundaynightread extracts from it from the pulpit, but those rev. gentlemen could find some passages in the Bible which were so bad that they would not allow their daughters to read it. [Dissent and interruption. | He referred to the uakind things that people said of him, and then said that tbe last Victorian census papers dis- closed 14G different religious sects and said if a census of tbe world could be taken, a person would think the numerous religions must be the emanation» of a lunatic asylum. Freedom of human thought was only limited by ignorance. No person could properly discharge his duties on earth unless his mind was thoroughly open to leam its respon- sibilities. Prejudice was the greatest enemy of free discussion. He referred to persons condemning the paper who had never seen it. He referred to the lectures of Professor Denton, and was criticising the way they were spoken of in pulpits when he was interrupted on a point of order, two or three others having previously been raised, He promised to drop the personal attacks and conclude. If the clerical gentlemen were not afraid of the paper, why did they oppose it P True gold need fear no assay. He asked them to support the paper, and it would awaken new thoughts in their minds. People would remove the cloak of superstition and they would find a true religion, which, with true science, would endure as long as humanity lasted. Ia conclusion, he begged to say whether the motion was carried or not, he was exceedingly gratified at whit bad been said to bring The Liberal so prominently before the public of West Maitland, He felt sure that it would not fail to make it a success, and that it would be a household word in New South Wales at a time he trusted not far distant. A motion for the adjournment of the debate was proposed and seconded. Mr. John Faleinvb rose to move an amend- ment. What benefit, he asked, would The Liberal do Maitland or the colony P Would its teaching not effectually banish God from the world, teach that killing was no murder, theft no robbery, and break- ing of the social tie no sin, that there was no law but might t What would become of their homes, if a man bad power to violate and destroy them. Society would be turned upside down and right would be banished from the world, Were a fraction of the people to force this paper upon the bulk of the people. He said they should not do it. He did not think at any future time the sentiments of the people of West Maitland could be so well taken, He moved that they come to a vote now. The Rev. Chas, Oldbm had kept his seat because he did not think it necessary to say anything. In answer to the question-should they hove this paper ? -he would say no. His first reason was because of its character. They were thankful to Mr. Shaw for telling tbem its character. He referred to a statement he had read in No. 13. Another reason was that the institution should be neutral ground. He pointed out the benefit of hav- ing such a neutral institution. He did not think it would be a good thing Tor a young man to imbibe the principles taught in the paper. It would not make him a better son to have the institution of matrimony sneered away. They knew that this kind of litera- ture was fascinating and insnaring, as some people were born to doubt. Mr. R. Scobie referred io an attempt in the early days of the institution to do away with the reviews on the ground of economy, and thought the present motion would act in the same way. He found the views of this paper wera being talked of out of doors between man and man. He did not agree with some of the views expressed for example on the land question, (a laugh), on the teetotal question;and with the atheistic articles, but he did not believe in trying to crush it out-that was what the meeting was trying to do. He would move as an amendment:-"That this meeting recommend the committee to rescind the re- solution admitting all these papers." [Mr. 8.8. Moobb rose on a point of order, and the Pbbsident refused to receive the proposed amendment.] He would accept the chairmen's ruling and speak to the motion He would vote for the retention of The Literal. He did not see why it should be picked out specially, The writers, however wrong they might be, expressed their views without telling lies. They were all bound to Bearch after the truth. All religions began by being unpopular, and it was the endeavour of the people they were placed before to crush tbem out. The Rev. Mr. Shaw waived his right of reply on condition that a vote was taken, and a motion was carried to take the vote. On the Pbbsidbnt proceeding to put the question, it was asked by one or two or the opposera of the motion that the voting should be by ballot. The President read tbe rule, which provides that six members may demand a division or a ballot. Six members at once asked for a division. The meeting divided, and tbere was an overwhelming majority in favour of the motion. It was declared carried by the Pbbsidbnt, amidBt loud applause. The President announced that the discussion class had been re-formed, and would meet at an early day, when a question would be submitted with refer- ence to the Government scheme of immigration. The meeting terminated at about twenty minutes past eleven. Imposts and Expobts.-The value of the imports at the port of Sydney for the week ended the 3rd of March, 1833, amounted to ¿255,852. The value of exports for the week ended 3rd March, 1883, amounted to £415,577.-Meratd. 