A Case in the King's Court. Br M. O. T. H. Chapter XIV. Pierre Denton's effort at clearing his brains by the menus of alcohol resulted in a heavv, hot sleep, which held him re morselessly in its bonds until the morning, and broke for him an engagement of honour in a town billiard saloon, besides preventing any plans for, or attempt at, discovering the whereabouts of bis wife. Alice had oeen generous enough, in the midst of her indignation, to shut the back door after her, and thieves happily did not discover that they bad but to torn tbe handle and walk into' an undefended dwelling. Providence generally takes wondrous care of the black sheep of mankind. I re member once, when I was agonising ingrief over one who had been done to death, in the midst of the holiest occupa tion of a holy life, by hiB trusted horse, an animal commonly as gentle as a lamb, having all my feeling aggravated by the sight of a sot, who regularly, three times a week, went by my door, reding in his saddle from aide to side, and yet was ever carried 10 miles home in safety by the faithful brute that bore him. 1 remember reading of a gloriously beautiful girl-child, who, in joyous innocent gambol, fell down a steep bank and was instantly killed; and, imme diately after, of a worthless prodigal who rolled, heavy with drink, down a railway embankment, actually la^ sense less between the rails while a train passed over him, and escaped without a scratch. So strange, it seemed to me— eo strange, and oh, so sad. And yet I might have known. I might have recognised the Divine forbearance that gives another opportunity, and yet another, to the sinner, who, -defying every grace, goes on to his own destruction. So it was now. The lace curtains, flattering all sight within five inches of the guttering candle, were never once blown into It. The blazing coal, which fell unheeded from the kitchen fire, smouldered oat upon the very edge of the hearthstone, colouring the nearest board with, the fierceness of its contiguous heat, although, mercifully, not close enough to ignite it. Thus, in the care of a power of which he knew nothing, the recipient of mercies of which he was never aware, and would not have acknowledged, if he had been aware, the man slept on all night, uncomfortably huddled into the armchair, where he bad thrown himself to ' think over ' Alice's extraordinary statement. From this unhealthy slumber he was hastily awakened in the morning. But Nemesis (God) had indeed taken this man, whose past life it were profitless for us to explore, in hand. As sorely as seed bears fruit of its own kind does sin bear its own punishment, inseparable from itself. He woke in tha morning with a sensation as if a diamond bore was going down through his head— as if a vice had grasped the nap9 of his neck— aa if tbe contents of the kitchen sewer had been poured down his throat, and followed with the morning's asbes. He awoke to some realisation of what the loss of I bis wife meant for him, if, as he strongly feared, she were indeed ultimately loBt. JSo more of her self-denying gratifi 1 cation of his voluptuous appetites. No more aaintily arrsnged little supper-tables, at the expense of her own i needs. No more anxious attendance of ' the sweet, sad face and low, timid, yet so graciouB voice. He had grafted into his life, which waa a veritable upas tree, one bright, blossoming epray of the tree of life, asd lo! in a moment it was ^wrenched violently from the ungenial stalk. Woven in his web of vilf- huckaback there had shone some golden strands, but they had been deftly drawn out from its texture. In the muddy stream of his existence had flowed one clear, un-' sullied cumnt, but suddenly, by hidden passage or whatever exit, it was gone, and the polluted flood waa pollution only. In the economy of the management of the cases which come into the King's Court there is a manifest tendency of ' like nnto like' in the character of the parties concerned. Palpably each soul tends to 'go unto his own people.' Little Marie was of the angels, and the angels had her. Awhile die had helped her mother bear the burden laid upon her, and, the brief task over, she was gone back to her own people. And Pierre had been trusted for a little while with tbose other two wards of the King, Heather and Johnny, but the trust had been broken. They were gone, radiating out of his circle to their own, by the force of cir cumstances, the machinery of Providence, getting nearer to the King to Whom they belonged. Pierre Danton, like every other man, had his day of grace. Who shall say it did not begin on that day when he took Header and her boy to his home. as bisown? Who chat! (ay that it ended not when, almost brokenhearted, the wife he had sworn to love and cherish, and who had teen a good, true wife to him, wandered out from his hoase in search of the boy be had wilfully and cruelly flung out into the worldBtream to sink or swim as might happen ? As we said he was awakened rudely that morning. The dinisgroom door was roughly dashed open, and there mtered a sturdy, broad-shouldered, red-faced woman. Startled, yet slupified, Mr. Danton dragged himself np and rubbed his hot, pricking eyes. 'Why, why,' he stammered, 'who are you? - Where's Alice? Whit brings you here, old woman, eh?' Tne woman snorted and tossed her head, ' Old woman ! Its just as Alice said. I'm Alice's mother, and I'm come to get your breakfast, sir.' ' Alice's mother ?' - ' Yes, she don't Btay any longer here, she don't. Hadn't you better go and get a swill while I tidy the room and set the table, sir ? The kettle's a-biling. I'll make yon a good cup of tea and a bit of toast.' j She seemed to have taken him in hand, but Pierre was a little stupefied yet. 'Bat,' he. stammered, 'but Mrs. ; Danton ? ' 1 ' Mrs. Danton aint here, sir.' This with an air of severe propriety. 'My girl came home to me last night. Quite right, too, after the way you have behaved.' j ' Last night— I behaved— Mrs. Danton. Oh, it's , morning, is it ?' J *' Yes ; its morning.' She laughed shortly. ' The men are all alike, gentle asd simple. Well, if the missis comes back, Alice will. If she don't, she won't— that's all.' He fell back in his chair, half dozing, but she would not let him alone. 'Have you been sitting there ever since Alice left ?' He felt worried. This woman was very brusque. He was not free of the influence of the spirits yet. ' My good woman, I ? . Sena Alice to do that. I prefer Alice about the house.' ' ' I dare say. But Alice is not coming. She's at home, and I've taken her place. I tell you plainly, Mr. Danton, you are not the sort of gentleman I'd trust Alice with ; not that I'd leave her in the house alone with ere a gentleman iihIakh l was along of her, but you've had too much out of they smart decanters, sir, if I may make bold to say it ; and now, like a good man, go and have a freshener with a little cold water, and come and drink your tea.' So completely did this capable Mrs. Rollis take the upper hand that this ill-tempered little Frenchman actually did as she told him ; sobered, his throbbing brows with a copious douche ; and returning, ate his breakfast without a word. Mrp. Hollis waited on him silently and respectfully until he had finished the meal, which, as he had had no tea the night before, he greatly needed. Then she stood before him with her arms akimbo, and a stem look in her eyes : ' And now,' sir, where is Mrs. Danton ; I want to know ?' Some of bis old temper had revived with food. He swore at ber. ' How should I know ? Haven't the least idea.' ' You take it coolly. Your wife away ; no one knows where, end you sit down and drink and sleep. A pretty husband you are.' ' Alice says she went to Melbourne.V ' Alice doesn't say anything of the sort.- Alice thinks she got into the train with a baby.' ' 1 don't believe she had a baby. How could she ? Depend upon it.it was just her shawl.' 'Humph,' said the woman; 'I hope it wasn't her ghost. Ihope you haven't made away with her, or driven her to make away with herself, Mr. Danton. Now, look here, sir, its very curious all this, and as I'm an honest woman, if you don't go and find your wife, I'll give informa j tion to them as will.' I ' My good woman, I can't tell what you are driving at.' I tell you I haven't the slightest knowledge of my wife's | movements ; curse her. But I'm going at once to see it I I can trace her.' ! ' Time too. I'll stay here ; and mark my words, if that j poor pretty lady isn't found, more than I'll know of it, j jou'll find her, or jrou'Il find ? her body.' Snatching up his hat with an execration on women in general, Danton waited to hear no more, bat fled from the nottse in haste. | Chafteb XV. The fashions in which men love their wives vary con siderably. I wish, for the credit ot human nature, I could say that Pierre Danton's way of loving was unique, but I fear that there are here and there others who share in the manner of it. It could be defined in a few words, his estimate of the character. How's this ? Wife, an acces soiy, necessary to her husband's comfort and pleasure. However he had got, on the morning in question, to go in cearch of his wife. The action natural to him would have been to await, fanning tne fearful accumulation of his wrath by pettish grumblings until she reappeared to have it poured npon her devoted head. But this appearances would not allow. And, if they would, the meddler, Mrs. i Hollis, would not. She was quite capable of accusing him of making away with his wife, if she were not found. And, even if there were no grounds for the accusation, still it ) would be very unpleasant, to say the leaBt of it, to nave hia mode of life inquired into. Even as it was, he was afraid her absence would draw attention to him. Corse her! Curse Mrs. Hollis ! Curse everybody ! That waa about the state of Mr. Danton's mind as he ran up the steps to the little station, prepared, as a fire t step, to sharply question the statiosmaster. But the stationmaster was in a very curt mood, quite 1 equal to any sharpness of 'Mr. Danton's. Truth to say, he had been interviewed on the subject already that morning, before Pierre was awake, and badgered after Mrs. Hollis's own familiar style. Her parting words to him had been, ' I don't believe a word you do say, anyhow.' And he came to the subject at Mr. Danton's request in a very surly manner. He really couldn't see whv he should be troubled thus with other people's business. iJo, explicitly no. From 1 to 5 yesterday afternoon, no lady had gone to Melbourne, or any intermediate station, with a baby in her own arms. A lady had gone with a nurse, carrying a baby and two other children- with her. That was not she? Then -there was no other. Women with babies went Essendon way, and women with babies went to Melbourne, and that way, after dark. That was all he knew. He was certain of that. Pierre ventured to ask if he knew Mrs. Danton. The reply was fierce. ' How should I ? I don't know half the ladies in Moonee Ponds. And I know many faces without names. I know all the resident gentlemen pretty well. You're Mr. Danton, arn't you ? ' 'Yes.' *' Then, if tbe lady's missing, I say best set the police after ber. It's their business.' And with a sneer thejmau returned to his office. Pierre took the train and went onto Melboirn\ As it whirled him on to commence his search, he oonld not avoid his thouehta travelling over the time he had spent with his wife. We will travel with him. Two years back Mr. Danton had found bis domestic offnim unsatiefsctoiy. If he lived by mysterious means, into which we do not care to inquire, still he had to have a home. For the sake of privacy and the greater appearance .of respectability which it gave,- and which' was needful to tiia avocations, he made that home, not in lodgings, but in a little house of his owb.. And in that house he was a martyr to inefficient, peculating housekeepers and destructive laundresses. His broth was cold, his wines hot, Us gravies sloppy, his bread heavy, hia fruit flabby. His porridge was raw or burnt, thick as dough or thin as water. His roast beef was bone-burnt or red-raw; Ins roast potatoes were greasy, his boiled ones were flinty. His greens were brown, his poultry green. His puddings were leather and citric acid. His linen grew scant in quality and texture, end its buttons were nil. JEe breathed ah atmosphere of dost, decayed cabbage leaves, and soapsuds in course of chemical transformation. His housekeeper's hair and hands and dress Offended him when she approached him. And change of housekeepermeant but change of the elements of toiture, with the additional unpleasantness of the parting of the old and inducting.of the new torturer. Pierre Dan ton was very uncomfortable, and he hated discomfort with the vehemence ot a Sybarite. Just at this time Pierre was in the habit of dining at a cafe in Elizabeth-Btreet, and going dailythere he began to notice a face that he sometimes saw at another table. By what odd attraction its patient pure beauty won him it is hard to eay, but it did somehow rouse in him the idea that a wife would be both a pleasant, useful, and economical inno vation in his domestic chaos. One day he followed the lady, and discovered that she was employed at a sewing machine store not far away. He watched her on a Saturday after noon, and saw her take to the Gardens a lovely little boy, little more than two years old, and he heard the child call Her mamma. He even ventured to offer him a cake, and won' a smile from the sorrowful- looking mother by the act. Her dress told him she was a widow. A judicious question to a waiter at the cafe gathered the fact that she was called Mrs. Hudson. Then he ventured to track her to her home. It waB a respectable lodging-houBe in Carlton, where she had two small rooms. Mr. Danton found no difficulty in getting at the lady's history. All he did was to call on her landlady when he was sure she was out, ostensibly to look at some rooms that were to let * All that passed was simplicity itself. The landlady had Mrs. Hudson's little boy 'in her aims. The gentleman noticed him and praised his beauty, and, with all the garrulity common to her class, the old lady launched into, what she dearly loved, a gossiping tale. I do believe if the good old woman could have known its consequences she would have been content to be dumb for the rest of her days to avert ifcern from the head of her gentle lodger. ' Ah, poor dear, and 'tis a pity, sure. Such a quiet young thing as she is, and eo civil, and so little trouble. Yes, sir, she have been nigh upon eight months in this house, and I don't think she has a friend in Melbourne, saving myself. When she came here she was such a lightsome thing, and her husband (he was ah American captain, sir, and they only. came here while his ship was in harbour)— he loved the very ground she stepped on. Ah, that proud of his young wife and pretty baby the captain was. Mrs. Hudson had never travelled with him before, but always stopped at home in San Francisco. But after her baby's birth, when he went home, he found her very delicate, and he just brought her and the baby away with him. He thought a taste of sea air and a little love-nursing would set her up, he said. And he used to take her about and fuss with her. But lacka day ! all that came to an end soon enough, poor dears. Ono night the captain came home all flushed and hot and ex cited, as if he'd been drinking, I shame to say I thought. We were not alarmed that night, but the next day ho was worse, and, for all we could do, in a week he lay dead of typhoid. I believe it was that nasty Yarra that did it, with its smells. ' Well, sir, the poor young thing took it very still-like. She did sot cry or scream, but ju£t went about quiet and still, and as white as milk, holding her baby tight to her breast, as if she thought it would go too, sever eating or sleeping at all. I thought the creature would go stark mad. Of course the shipowners were very kind. They buried husband and paid her a quarter's pay above what waa due. And they offered her a free passage back to San Francisco in the sHip she came in. 'But she shrunk away from that, and wbispered that Bhe couldn't bear it. She said gently that Bhe had no' more friends there than here— she had no 'friends but' her husband, and she could juat as well work for her child here as there. She did not like the eea voyage,' she said. Dear heart ! 1 knew it was the ship and not the sea she feared, and I thought they might have offered her a paasaga in 'another. But there, I suppose they did not think about, it; they were veiy kind to her. But, of course, after a whila the interest of strangers died out; and she found, poor . creature, that, like many another poor broken-hearted thing, Bhe must go and work. So I got her a place in Stilcott ani Grey's, and there she is, and there she's like to stay, I do hope end trust. And the rooms won't suit yOur sir ? I'ui sorry for that. Good morning, sir.' Alter that he had made his way easily and speedily. In the patks and public gardens, he made acquaintance with .the innocent young mother, through the medium of her child, and in less than three months she married him. For her, child's sake on her part. On his, for hfs own. It would bp Elysium to have this graceful, ladylike creature devoted to him and responsible for his comforts. True, there was the boy ; but the boy must be kept out of his way for the present. By -and-by he might' make him useful. However, the experiment had not exactly answered. On Heather's side the eye-glamour was soon melted by the stsrn fire of reality. She very quickly saw that she aad liah'i her lot with one of the earth's most unworthy, and wearily accepted the inevitable without a murmur. All ber heart became wrapped in her children. As for him, the little boy soon provoked his jealousy. He had married this sawms woman for the satisfaction of his own needs. What did the mean, he grudgingly asked, by wrapping herself in the urchin in that fashion ? At last, his ill-will found means to rid himEelf of Johnny Hudson as we have seen. otherwise, there Had been times when he bad not haa the benefit of Heather's exclusive attention. The baby had arrived, and Heather had been unreasonably ailing before its advent. And afterwards she had remained dull and in active, and the child occupied so much of her time. He f-1* not exactly jealous of nis own child, and he had sunicwnt love for it to grieve in a certain fashion for its death. #ur certainly it seemed to him like a non-fulfilment of Heatner s marriige-bond that she should be occupied with any ota than himself. On the whole, after he had wilfully sacr ? ficed her child to his selfishness, and after God, in wo. ^ looked like retribution, bad lifted the only creature » which he had an atomic spark of real love up heaven out of his reach, he consoled himself witn thought that, at last, Heather must give her uuamdw ? tention to himself. And then, most unwarranted or a ritations, Heather had actually fallen sick herself— -so 1 ' . . not only to rob him of her own ministrations, but to a the care of all others to herself. And now, last and blow of all, by this escapade of hers, she would attra . side attention to him, and probably materially t his [delicate business operations. Verily, he haa r«a . be indignant, thought Pierre Danton, as the train him on to the central station. „ , _ Now the stationmaster at Moonee Ponds was P ?- correct in his statements. Heather Danton haa, £ i reaching the waiting-room, carefully strapped n y ? ? __ into parcel form, after exhibiting it in baby f°™« ^ 1 dant robes, in sight of her own back door. thought to blind her servant's eyes, if they hadbapp .k. rest upon her, but she had not calculated n,:ftr eraca ne6s of Alice's observation, nor upon her own pec gerve j of carriage. The etationmaster's positinsm a ^ t-JtaUy lo convince Mr. Danton that Aliee Melbourne at mistaken, and that Heather had not gone to i. parted all. Still he remembered that, if she ^ him, it was doubtless because she ^^f^fsvdney search of her boy. fhe Y he reflect Only how could she do that without nioney - ^ oa9 0f Then a thought struck him suddenly, . jm. beu his grating French oaths. This purest thought, prefaced by a_ passionate muttering name from the vilest lips : , ,, au. Wli^re « I believe 1 shall die a cursed drunUrd a ter^au^^ ^ was my wit? I never remembered a0am * j it m £10 from Howell on Wednesday nsght. .1 era ^ my trouser-pocket. She's got that, sure as m Curse her ! ' 