STANLEY GORDON. A HISTORICAL TALE OF TIHE PENINSULAR WAR AND WATERLOO, By JOHN RAE, AUTHnon OF "THE SHIIELD AND BANNER WON." IVith Exciting Incidents among Brigands in the Cantabrian lMountains of Spain, And Lore pure and strong as Life. Commenced on January 5. It was the hour for midnight devotions ?nd a good number came in. The conunotion outside increaskd and a bell was runmg to summon all to meet. Ilastily risihg from their knees they were leavingin a body when we, witlhour hoods or cowls over our heads and faces, fell in among thoet and passed with the company into the court yard. We heard the abbot in a fury utter curses, loud and deep on all whn had allowed us to escape. Six riders were ordered to mount; and for their lives ride to every town and order every traveller to be stopped, every outlet and inlet to be guarded and watched, and no traveller in whatever disguise or dress to te allowed to pass till satisfaction was rendered. We were ordered to divide into two and march out at the gate; oneline passing to the right nnd.the other to the left, till we met and compassed the building right round. As we passed out in single files we got a gun or pistol, and received orders to fire on any one seen moving who could not give the word " Pontiff," and all were to close up when a gun was fired, and run to help. The night was dark, Wet, and windy, so that torches could not burn, and there being only a faint light fromone of the windows, all figures looked alike. We were quite as tall as the others and indeed I stooped so as not to look conspicuous; thus we passed out; both armed with nmuskets. Mary managed to keep close by me. We had not gone far when a gun on the other side went off, and the rush was towards the spot. We took advantage of the confusion, and fled for our lives in the dark. I could tell which was the west and we kept that direction till daylight appeared. We were hungry, but as we had plenty of water we kept close and rested all the day. Towardnls evening we ventured to approach a peasant's cabin, and our priestly robes procured us a supply of coarse brown bread, which we thought the sweetest food we had ever tasted. We would have paid for it, but we knew such an insane thing would have attracted attention and per haps led to pursuit, so we acted the part of priests all the way. We rested by day ind travelled by, night, keeping the Pyrenees mountains on our left. The weather grew quite wanr in the day and we were very glad to rest in the shade. Our journey was full of singular and even romantic incident, but I need not describe it all. At last we reached the out skirts of a town that we found was Bayonne. Our hearts leaped for joy at the sight of the ocean, and the white sails away out upon it, that looked like birds of the air happy and free. We felt as if still in the cage, for we could not reach them without first going through the habitations of men. What dress could we adopt ? We could not wear the dress of our own sex,' and we could not go as priests, for the first of the order who met us, would be sure to claim brotherhood with us. We waited till night, and when all was still, we visited several ships, but they were all foreign. At last we came upon one where we were hailed in the language of Scot land and it seemed like the sweetest music in our ears. Never did I hear any sound so sweet as that sailor's call of" Wha's that ?" We had some difficulty with hinm, but we succeeded in satisfying him, and he proved a true friend. lie belonged to Aberdeen, and the ship was bound for Leith, after taking a carge of wine. She was not very large, and there was not room to hide away. so we got dressed .as sailors, our hands and faces smeared with tar, and took our. places carrying boxes and packages, or any other duties till the ship was ready. We had our names entered as Charles Mnrquand and Robert Scott, as such they appeared on the ship's book as seamen or we could not have escaped, for the day we sailed there were no less than nine priests, monks, and friars on board, and every box, corner, and even bale was examined with the utmost care. They saw nothing' however, to excite their suspicions and so with beating hearts we helped to cast off the moorings, and the ship stood out to sea. CHAPTER IV. A SOLE?t? vow Ix ST. GREGORYo s ?MONASTrT. It would be impossible for me to describe my feelings as I left the shores of France. Though I felt overjoyed attmy escape, I realized the fact that my journey, with all its terrible dangers had been a failure. My worst fears had dlen, greatly deepened by the dreadful scenes in St. Girons. I snuddered as I thought of my own Norman, and I could have meapel into the surging waters, or dared a mile of burning water to reach him. But it seemed as if a sea of blood, sur rounded by flaming torches in the hands of men who looked like fiends, lighting up crimson scourges, racks, pulleys, and death, till I shrank appallee from the very thought of them. Into, my heart there canme a feeling that I had done all a mortal being could do, anil I was defeated; were I to attempt again I should perish. I had escaped only as by fire; ily ignorance had saved tme. Hand I known all the dreadful dangers that beset tme I would have shrunk fromt and thus attracted suspicion, or I would have fallen down atnd given it up. Now I did know, and I dared not try again. But it seemtee to come into tmiy heart that that the Lord a purpose to work out; which Hle would reveal in His own time. It was not for me to try to lift the veil, I nmust retire and watch and wait for that time. My heart now tutred to imty child at home. In my eager ness for his father I had left the child without much fear or anxiety, but now as the French coast and hope of recovering Norman, faded below the horizon, Imy heart went out in love for my remaining tie. I could scarcely contain myself to wait till the ship was ioored. We had no luggage and of course ne changes of clothing. As men we had sailed, and as men we landed on the pier of Leith. We crossed the Queentferry early in the miorning, took the coach to Perthl, and hired a conveyance to carry us to a point where we could soon reach home IHow our hearts bounded as we passed up thie gravel path. There was no light and the house wore a solenm and sad look. What would I not have given to hear my child screaminig, but no, the stillness of the grave was reigningout side and in. We tried the doors, anid we tried the windows: we knocked till the hollow echoes resounded up the glen, atnd we thought they nmust awaken the sleeiers in the grave yard, for I was becoming frantic. By mieans of a ladder wre atlast gained access bly n upper wiudow. I flew to the llttle cot where I had left my darling boy, but it was cold and empty. I scarce took time to divest myself of my miale attire, and put oi my own dress. My hair which had Ibeen rolled up tightly ilto mty sailor's cap, I let loose but could not take timte to braid; so with it streamting over miy shoulders, I got out and ran to Mr. Lindsay's. Tlhough past mnidnight I fountl her still up and alone, crying till her eyes were almost blinded. So eager was I :md so selfish that I rushed in, threw miyself on my knees before her, and hIoldidtlg out miy hands, asked for my child. I must have seemed to her like one cotme froti the grave yalrd. The suddcenness of my detmand whlich she could not satisfy, and the wild glare in mIy eye, as if I were itad, so terrified the ldear old lady, whose miid Ihadl already been stretched to its uttumst tcnsion by trials of its lown, tltat slte fell senseless ltn tIv neck. 3Mary came rniuning in, aitd to gethler we laid her tiother on the bed, antd did all we coultl for hier, but niot till the daylighlt appeared did we see sigls of re turning life. All that time I was rackol with the miost pain fnl anguish. My llor inurse lmust have sifferedl the mast intense tienttal pain, anid torture, for cihe was wastdl to a shadow of her fonnrmer self : her h:el Ibecme quite white and the lines of care had deepened in her face as stuch as ten years of onlinary wear could haIve dne. ]Had shie watched by the bedlside of thie dear little one, set' him l lie, laid li, it hisi little coflit, and followed hintt to the old kirk yard ? And would she recover to tell te all about ? I was almost ready to runi to the graveyard antl nd see if there was a little newly made grave, when Mary whispered the joyfnl tidiings site hlad opened her eyes and was lookitg round her. I was by hier side on my kltnees againi, but this timte J was nmore comlposed. At last shite spoke. I thought you were only a ghost come back o'er tihe deep decp sea, to ask jour chilt frotm me. Are you really inot dead ? anI did you inot die in Fratne No mIy dear dear inurse; why do you ask such a question as thlat? Where is tty daughiter, tny lor iMary 1 I anl here, tioteher. qutite safe anll slsind. At the well-kntown voice Mrs. Liid-ay spraig uI and looked startled. Mary fell ton her nieck, aiti was lreCsed to her lhetrt with a t.ndernt.iss far I 1yond anty usul l.emuontira tion of joy. Th,,sglh I was pleatd iiand al'leted yet every momentt was full If Ihvlfid aixitle to lme. 1 Iid lyV h:and on Mrs. Lintlsay's head andl said: " t hae Ihriught back e,,r priceless tdaughlter : ow tell te f tie child ! Is hie ded ? S1"eak iand ealse ile I rsti l:g heart t I believe hie is elive, ibut lwhen ite albbott of St. Gregory's brought yior liter iand trder to delliver up the child to theti, I was f,,rced ti dbie. I icgau to realile asitther Ireadful plot against tie. I leaned tl the h1ld a,,, Ku Slud fir breath. Tell i,, all abtut it, I said while I rccer Ity strentIIh Und collect tiy scatterCedl SetISes. 