CIIAPTER IV. "There's neither honesty, manhood, nor good followship in theo." The snow has ceased to fall, and a dull moon shines sullenly from between two leaden clouds. It gives sufficient light, however, to lot Mervyn, at the wicket gate, see that two figures are approaching him instead of one. He starts involun tarily, and makes a movement as if to go. "You needn't run away,"-says Barring ton, the grave ghost of a humorous ex pression lighting his eyes. Thus openly addroesed, Mervyn per force comes to a standstill, though the desire for flight is undeniably written upon his brow. Florence, glancing nervously from one man to the other, tells herself at this moment there is a mental beauty that far outdoes the merely physical. "I know all about it" says the ugly man imperturbably. "Mrs. Barrington, having found life with me insupportable, is desirious of trying it with you. I think myself she shows bad taste; but that is so natural a conceit that I daresay you will excuse it. She tolls me you in tend to travel. Continuous change is always to be desired on such occasions ; but I hope you will be able to make her happy. She is extravagant in some ways. I like an extravagant woman my self," says Barrington pleasantly. "But it dosen't suit all purses." " I don't understand you," says Mer vyn, with a miserable attempt at haughti ness. "Then I must try to make my meaning clearer. Look hero," says Barrington, changing his tone suddenly, and turning sharply upon the other, "lot us drop hints, and come to business. You are in debt, asI know ; you are on the point'of absolute ruin, as I suspect: Insix months you will not have enough money to keep yburself going,' t saf nothing of another. I give you a chance of beginning a new life elsewhere. If you will leave this place alone - to-morrow I will give you £5000.. The crisp clear voice ceases, and silence follows it, Mrs. Barrington, throwing back her hood from her face, stares with passionate impatience at the man in whose love she had believed a minute ago. Will he never speak? Is there to bi a hesita tion, a choice, between her and a paltry sum of money 7 " If I thought," he stammers at last lamely, " that it would be for her hap piness to leave her in peace, I -" " If you are about to make any a u sion to Mrs. Barrington, I must beg you to leave it unsaid," interrupts Mrs. Bar rington's husband unpleasantly. "Come to the point. You will take the money, and be gone 1" There is another silence, even more distressing than the last. Florence, im movable as a statue, stands erect; Bar rington is beating his foot angrily on the ground. As for Mervyn, he is ruined; there was no exaggeration in that sus picion-and the money is a temptation, and "Well, consideringallI am giving up," he begins, too confused, perhaps, to comprehend the enormity of his words. " There, don't be a greater blackguard than is strictly necessary," says George Barrington, cutting him short with a frown. "You accept my terms ? That is well. Tomorrow morning you shall have my cheque, and now-you shall have this !" In a second he has twined his hand in Mervyn's collar, and brought him on his knees before him. Raising the dog-whip he brings it down with uncontrollablefury upon his shoulders again and again, until the miserable craven cries aloud for mercy, grovelling at the very feet of the woman to whom he had been half a hero at least, an hour agone. With a final cut Barrington flings him far from him, and taking Florence's hand with impulsive haste, hurries her towards the house, until they are out of sight and hearing of the frightened wretch they have left be hind. Then, the fieorce fit of passion and revenge over, Barrington stops and breathes heavily. The livid pallor departs from his lips, the baleful lire from his eyes ; lie even smiles. Florence, terrified, breaks into bitter weeping. " Come home, you little silly fool," says ugly Barrington, not altogether unkindly; and then he actually laughs aloud, as he may who wins. But presently, seeing how she sobs and trembles, he goes nearer to her, and finally places his arm round her. Buet she shrinks from him. "I wonder you can bear to touch me," she says, shivering. "I suppose, after tlis,my best place is with my father." " Your best place is with your hIes band," says George Barrington, " if you will only trust him." "O, George, that word trust undoes me quite ! How can yon trust me? " "I would trust you with my life -nay, with far more, my honour this very moment," says Barrington, simply, "in spite of all that has come and gone. A woman who found a difticulty in running away from her hus band, without first apprising him of her intention, can't have much the matter with her. Let us forget to-night. It is known but to that cur and you and me ; and he, I fancy, will be slow to speak of it." " But you will think of it." "Not I; or even if I do, it will be only to laud myself afresh for my clever treatment of a grievous evil. T unmasked a villain just at the right moment, and be fore the necessary witness." "If you had treated me differently just at first-had shown me that you loved neo--' "Nay, then I should have been a clumsy fool, and have lost my game. Now I breathe the air of heaven with re newed lungs, and hope again there is still a chance to win your love." ' " lope, that some fool has called the anchor of the soul,"' murmurs she, copy iny the tone and words he had used on the evening of their marriage to a nicety. He smiles, and she smiles too, because youth is warm within her, and it is so hard to be always sighing. Still the smile is tollowed by a sigh. But the ice being slightly broken, he bends down to her and kisses her warmly. " That is the first real kiss I have over dared to give you," he says, his plain face lighting up until it is nearly handsome. "Now I begin to woo you in earnest. and there is one thing, sweetheart: let no sense of mistaken gratitude, of revul sion of feeling, induce you to fancy you love me until you really do. Lot me be your suitor for the present." She makes him no answer to this. They have regained the house now ; entering the hall, a glow of warmth smites on their hands and faces. "At least toll me," he says, looking into her nervous eyes, " that you find it pleasanter returning to a warm fire than to be hurrying, on such a night as this, through slect and snow." She shudders. " What have you not saved mo from 1" she says. She half puts out her hand, as though to touch him, and then timidly draws it back again. " Now, I will have none of that," he says, in hIis masterful but tender fashion, taking hier hand and laying it upon his heart. " There is one thing," she says, with downcast lids. "Since our marriage, though I have not kissed you, I have at least kissed no one else." Siloe blushes excessively as she says tifs, but she lifts her head and looks him very fairly in the eyes. He draws his breath quickly. "I thank you for that," he says; and then more lightly, "after all, I believe your liking for him was more fancy than anything else." " And obstinacy," confesses she, in a low tone. "My father was so averse to him; and besides, he used to say sweet words to me when all the world seemed unkind." "And when I, whoi should have pro tectedyou, was silent and reserved. The blame must rest with me, for I was the better man of the two," says Barrington boldly, "and should have found victory easy. After all," quaintly, "there are other things as worthy of commendation as a Grecian nose." "Ahi! what is that1" exclaims she, starting violently. Even as she speaks the sound of the calm, sweet, solemn bells ringingin the Now Year is borne to them upon the wings of the rushling wind. " It is another year begun," says Barrington gravely. "Let use pray that in it may be found happiness for us !" Loslont Woreld. Con.-When does a judge contemplate employing rogues --When he takes them on trial. 