CHAPTER XXXII, TJIB nOVEllNOH'H HAIJL. The muoh-talkod-of ball at length arrived, at wliioli Hor Majesty's now representative in Victoria cntortaiuad the thenclftoof Iho colony, Muah speculation had boon- indulgod in of lato in Melbourne as to the impression whioh the nowly-arrivod Govornor would make on the pubho, His popularity in the colony, it was known, would entirely depend on sagacity and good government, qualities * bioh his pro. docessor had failed to mani:<&t.; Elaborate . preparations were made in the shape of pur chasing droasoa, especially by the fairer por tion of the community, for tho grand ocoasion, . I arrivod moderatoly early at Govorraent House, tho ball-room was fitted out for the occasion in magnificent style, and all the arrangements were carried out with taste and completeness. Tho ladies wero drossod in a gorgeous and expensive style; but I was not a little proud to observe that tho lovely Mis3 Graom excelled them all in boauty and brilliancy, Tho notice sho attraoted before slio had long arrivod was manifested among tho group of gontlomon around mo, " Who is sho ?" said one, i "My oyos, what a stunner 1"' exclaimed another. " What a glorious creature. Docs any ono know her name ? " asked a third. "Ask Bloomfteld there," remarked one of my acquaintances; and an oagor orowd at once gathorod round mo, pressing mo for the j wished-for information, I answered with as sumed indiffcrenco "A11I know about tho lady is that hor name is Miss Crraom, and that sho is a Sydney native," "Bv jingo," said one, "I ofton hoard of the boautiful Sydnoy natives, but novor until this moment had suoh proof," " Bloomfiold is a lucky dog to bo ac quainted with suoh a raro boauty," whispered another, Hamilton came near at this mo ment, when I stopped to ono side- with him. His first observation was " Doesn't Winnie look well to night, Bloom field?" " Sho looks oharming, Hamilton. All tho gentlemen prosont aro struck with hor beauty, so (hat you must look sharp after your prize." " I think that you ought to assist mo in tho <Hofonco of tho fair oitadel, Bloomfteld, and monopolise hor oompany whon I am not near, for I would tiro hor by pressing my oompany too muoh; and besidos, you aro golting an im mense favourite with her," " Poor Hamilton," I thought," you aro not so deep in love matters as you aro in legal; . otherwise you would not rely so muoh on your friend's assistance," I felt for tho moment a strong conviction that I was not dealing hon estly with ray friond. But, alasl tho conscien tious flornple soon vanished when I found my self engaged with Wiunie in the mazes of tho exciting dance. Oh 1 the delirium of those delioious moments as wo whirled round tho brilliantly-lighted hall. Tho consciousness that I was loved in return by the acknowledged bollo of tho ball, whoso dazzling lovelinoss at tracted so muoh attention, was suilioiont to broak down the barrlorof rosorvo whioh I liacl oonatruotod for tho salco of my friond Hamil. ton. I shall loavo my oaso in tho hands of a jury of baoliolors, who may havo found thorn, solves whirling in tho danoo undor oiroum. stanoos similar to my own. I aould not help acknowledging my lovo. Several times tho imago of Edith Mowbray appeared to my mind's eye; but remembering how oruolly alia had closortcd mo, prido eaah timo oama to my rolief. " Ah 1" I thought, " would sho wore hero now to seo tho oharming oreaturo that leans on my arm, arid return tho afleo tion whioh aho has Bpurned," Twico I imagined, while moditating thus, that I oaught a glimpso of tho deop.blue dyos whioh had kindled my boyish lovo, and tho samo graooful figure in thoporsonof a lady who whirlod with her partner noar us ; but I was too full of my own thoughts to tako muoh notice of tho rosemblanoo, I romombor pausing for a few seoonds to rost, and also to givo my partner abettor op portunity of roplymg to my ardent proposals. My arm supporting hor waist, and her loft hand reatocf upon my shoulder, while tho othor was dotained by mo. Thus wo stood baok out of the course of tho danaara, I bent my faoe oloso to hor oar, saying " I shall bovory proud, Winnie, of ongaging tho greatest beauty hero this ovoning if alio will only say tho littlo word that my heart is yearning to hoar," . Sho blushod and bont down hor oyoa, as if shunning tho gaze of soino one bohind, in whioh direction hor oyoswtjro turnod, without roplying to my question, " What do you say, lovely ono ? Am I then miatakon in your affection ? For pity's aako, roliovo mo out of my misery," A gontle preaauro of both hor hands inter rupted tho protestation, and she whiaporod " Tho lady bohind will ovorhoar, Sho is casting suspiolous looks towards you," I changed my position a littlo in order to faao a lady and gontleman who I know woro standing like oursolvoa out of tho danoo to rost, when my oyos onoountored tho samo orbs whioh had flashed upon me sovoral timo3 in tho waltz. Was it .dreaming or was it the ghost of Edith Mowbray whioh stood boforo mo? I was transfixed--unable to movo or artioulato a word. A stifled soream proooedod from tho lady, who but for hor partner's as sistanoe would havo fallon, Hor cheeks be oamo very pale, and sho appeared aa if about to faint, Hor partnor assisted her out of tho Baloon, while 1 stood where I had first soon hor in a moat perfoot state of bewilderment. Winnie gazed at mo in uttor astonishment, and her words," " Oomo into tho air," brought ma to my senses. " Willingly," I ropliod, conducting her mechanically through tho throng of loungora, " Do you know who that lady is ?" sho en quired oagorly, " I think I do j but I am not certain," I ro pliod ovasivoly, " I notlood hor sovoral timoa watohing us during tho waltz. But what a lovely woman she is, far handaomor than poor mo, although you flatter mo so," said sho, slightly pouting, " Sho is not handsomer Winnio; of that I wn positive-) butlioro oomos your cousin, and lio will find out who sho is," Whon tho quostion waa put to Hamilton, ho jxolaimod "Blosa you, that was Miss Mowbray, a jonnootion ot the Governor's by marriage, Why, everybody is orazy about nor beauty, [ hoard a lot of follows arguing whothor sho )r a eortaln othor lady I know is tho hand iomor, and opinion seomod to bo dividotl. But I boliove sno is ongagod to tho Private 3eorotary, Mr, Stanloy, who is a nophow of iho Governor. Why, what is tho mattorwith ?ou, Bloomflold ? You look as if you had peon ighoat." Aftor loaving Winnio with hor motlior, Hamilton and I stopped into tho rofroahmont :oom, I now romeraborod, that although I wd told hira of my diaappointod love and tho loklonesa of my fair ono, I had never mon iionod hor name, ISfow whon ho was appri3od j.f tho facta ho manifested groat surprise, rhat Miss Mowbray was still Binglo oonfoun lod us, nor oould we aooount for tho ruyatortf, " Why, she has ropontad, Bloomflold j you'll Ind that out.yot, Tho follow appears to bo luito spoony about hor, stioldng to hor Ilka a oooh sinco tlioy ontorod tho hall j but sho loos not soom to oaro vory muoh for him," "What ia ho like, Hamilton? X waa so lonfounded that I nevor notlood .his looks," " Why, I must confoss ho is a handsomo lollow, but not so manly in appearanoo to my 'anoy as you aro," Our conversation was interrupted by sovoral rionds ontoring tho room, amongat whom vas tho Colonial Troasuror, who oamo noar mo, laying with a significant smile " Hullo, Blooirfiold, you must be in high 'avor hero, Tho Governor's private aoorotary yaa inquiring whothor a gontleman of your lamo was at tho ball to- night, whon I insworod him in tho affirmative. Ho was also inquiring about somo othor namo whioh I for ;et j but on hearing who you woro ho was satisfied, 1 oxpeot to hoar you being sont for jno of thoso fino days," I guessod tho roason of tho privato sooro iarv'a enquiries about mo, although I did not rotiafy tho Troaauror un tho aubjoot. Tho re votion whioh suddenly took plaoo in my fool inga on boholding Edith Mowbray so unox lootedly was most oxtraordinary, Although [had wished;her prosont sovoral tlmos that ivening to witnoas xny oonquost of tho beauti Eul Mias Groom, and to aoe with what indif [oronoo I treated hor inoonstanoy, whon she lotuallv stood before mo I felt like a criminal, jspeoiaily whon I suspeotod that sho understood what haa passed botwoon ray charming partner ind mysolf, Ilowevor, on rovortlng to her lottor 1 oonsldored myself quito justified in my Donduot and perfectly fro'o. I debated with my self on tho subject whilo reiarning to tho ball room, wlioro I bohold tho objeot of my thoughts, Mr,, Stanley was still in horoom. pany, or rattier was hor partnor in a danao, On tho noxt danoo being about to bogin thogontlo inan, aftor a whiapor from Misa Mowbray, ap proaohodmo, introduoinghimaolf, and adding; " I havo tho ploasuro of informing you that I am commissioned by Miss Mowbray to pre sent hor complimonts, and ask that you . will favor hor with your oompany, aa sho lias some news for you from your frionds at homo," I observed that Miss Mowbray had loft tho hall whon Stanley oamo to mo with tho mos sago, and whon I aocoptod tho invitation ho oon'duotod mo to a small apartment or privato room, On ontoring ho announood my name, formally introducing mo to Miss Mowbray, and thon quitted ua, Edith was standing in tho oontro of tho floor, and approached mo with a sad kind of smilo, saying " I am happy to seo you, Mr, Bloomflold, aftor suoh along separation, I hopo you havo beon woll sinco last I hoard of you," " Porfootly woll, Misa Mowbray j you aro wolaomo to Australia." " Thank you. Pray, tako a sont; I havo somo nowa to toll you from homo," sho said, placing a ohair for mo, and taking ono her self." . " Homo nows Is always aoooptablo to a colonist," X ropliod in tho same oool and dis ant tono. Sho heavod a doop sigh, whioh who strove to ooncoal. " I did not imagino," sho said, " whon wo parted in England many years ago that our mooting again would bo so oold and re served. " Neither did I, Miss Mowbray," I ropliod coldly; " but timo altera many thiugs it seems." A pause cmauod, during whioh I for tho first timo that evening Boanned tho iaoo of my oompanion aa sho sat with hot hoad hout downward,' nervously playing with her watoh ohain, Sho was lilila ohanged sinoe I had last soon her, oxcopfc that from a girl fiho had expanded into a woman, and that hor boauty was in a muah more pronounced eharaotor than in those old days. I was struck when I heard hor voioe with its similarity; to that of Edwin, hor cousin, whom sho resembled also in faea. From some unknown oaaso Bhe startod sevoral times at my voioo as I spoko to her, " I suppose you havo not heard as yet that your sister Boso and my brother Alfred are married," she remarked m a trembling Yoioo. " I had a letter a few days ago, intimating that tho marriago would tako plaoe in a week from that date," " Then you havo hoard from Koso latoly ? " Blio added, with Booming unoaslnoss, " Hor lottor was written after you loft for London to join your aunt; but X nevor SUB pcoted that it was your relativo who oamo as Governor horo, for Hose nover montioned his name, but said that ho was oppoinlod an Indian Govornor, and was returning thonoo," " Ho ho thought hhhsolf; but he was ap pointed for this colony at tho last moment. Did Boso say any more, about mo ?" sho en quired timidly. " Sho did, and oven enolosod ma your note to her from London," I ropliod significantly, while I watched my companion's counten ance, I perceived that sho trembled at tho words, and turned away hor faco. I judged that sho was agitated, but con sidered that sho dosorvod tho pain whioh was inflicted by tho news, " Of courso you thought tho news in that letter extraordinary, and I may oven say cruel," " I oxpeot it is too lato to talk about tho subjoot now, so with your permission wo will drop it," I ropliod ooldly. "I daro say -you avo' right, Tho subjoot is too painful to be introduoad at our first moat ing, and I oxpeot you aro impationt to got baolc to tho ballroom. I trust you will forgive mo for dotaining you so long from your beautiful partner, who I havo no doubt will bo tho futuro Mrs, I3Ioomflold." " Not boforo Miss Mowbray is ohanged to Mrs. Stanley," I ropliod bitterly, " That will bo never," Edith remarked with omphasis, surprising mo very muoh, " But you havo not mentioned tho lady's namo," sho pursued. " I must confess alio is one of tho handsomost girls I over boheld." " Hor name is Miss Graom-a nativo o! Australia, So you BOO, Miss Mowbray, wo can produce passable specimens of female beauty." " I foar sho mij,y got joalous at mo dotaining you, so wo had liottor return to the ballroom. But beforo wo part I must ask you to visit mo Bomo other day, as I havo soveral things to Bay which our short interview at prosont for bids, I shall inform my aunt who you aro, so that your oompauy at Govornmont House will be always aoeontablo." " Thank you, Miss Mowbray; I shall avail mysolf on your kind invitation on somo futuro day. Aro you ongaged for tho next waltz ? If not, may I havo tho pleasure of engaging you," ' > ! " Undoubtedly for tho sako of old times, Mr, Bloomfleld. Sho took my arm, and wo ro-onterod tho ballroom just as a waltx was beginning, I , saw .Hamilton with his cousin walk away | when Edith and I took our. places ou tho floor. Thinking that Winnlo was indisposod,' when tho danoo was ovor I enquired for Hamilton, I was iuformod that Miss (Jraom's party had loft, and that sho was unwell, I was very unoasy on hearing this, and foarod that Hamilton had rovoalod my seorot. After parting with Edith in bottor humour than I had anticipated at our meeting that ovoning, I gainod my hotel, my mind filled to overflowing with strange and conflicting | omnLiona. I 