"JDEll EllLKONlQ." BY MAURIOJJ J. BLOUNT, JL'IIETTY ANNUS) WK8T0N llftfl jUSt finished that lovoly song " Der Erlltonig." Tho " Thank lous " and " 0 how Lovolya" hod bean murmured In tho tones o! rapture usual on suoh oooaalons, r.nd had been moro or loss bluahingly reoeived, when somehow, by one of those strango turns which no one can account for, tho conversation drifted to the' subjeot of Imagination and tho effeot it lias on notions, and from that to Conscience. There were a dozen of us in tho room, a friend and myself staying with Mr, Weston, a few ladies and gontlomqn who had just dropped in to spend tho evening, and tho family, The diaoussion became gonoral, and evory. one had some opinion to advanco, As tno subjeots aro necessarily vaguo, in about ten minutoa wo'had exhausted oil wo did know, oboufc them ; and then, as somebody says, we poured into the free and boundless realm of what wo did not' know. ; " Wo argued high, we argued low; we also argued round about ua," and asovory ono had a different theory on tho question In hand, and the ones with tho most unreasonable Idea were tho most vehement In expressing - thera, we woro very far from arriving at a satisfactory conclusion. At last aftor many arguments on all sidofi, Will Smith was demonstrating foroibly to his own'vary ovidont satisfaction that imagina tion is nothing in tho world but disordorod digestion, and oonaolenco synonymous with inactive liver, and that a judioious course of oxoroiso, viohpr water, abstinonoo from tea and othor oxoiting bovoragos, would onablo a man to walk through a gravoyard at mid night without tailing a oow for a ghost-tho advantago of which is obvioUB-of enable him to run a man through, rob a'bank, misma nage railways, or break tlio whole dccaloguo without fooling any of thoso uncomfortablo prloldngs known as tho pangs of oonsolenoo, thp advantages to which, to tho world at large, are not quite so obvious, Just tlion old Mw Linton, who had listened with an attontion very flattering to the speakers, drew his chair forward from the corner, whero he had been sitting quietly all tho ovoning, and said" I am sorry that I cannot agreo with you, Mr, Smith, I am an old man now. Perhaps if I had been born in an " Advanced age "an advantage which vo.u possess, I might lmvo held your views, but as it is I annicm-fashioned enough to be lievo that conscience has been divlnelyim planted in our breasts for our gpidanoo, and that Imagination is a distinotlvo faoulty of mind or brain-it is difficult to detormino whioh- capablo of greatly ennobling us if it is proporly regulated, But in tho regulation of at lies tho difficulty, Tho song Annie sang a little while ago, and tho recont convocation, call to any remombranco a rathor peouliar incidont which has aomo boaring on tho subject that wo havo all boon speaking about. I say it is peouliar not beoausu there is any thing vory strange about it, but beoauso it is uncommon,' X think I heard of a similar ease boforo, but this* is tho only ono that camo under my own observation." Tho old gontleman paused, and amid mur murs of" go on please," ho continued: "Eight years ago when I was living at Berunga I was a magistrate there, My surgery and dispensftry wore in tho township, but our dwelhng-houso, whioh had plenty of l(ind attaohod, was on tho Sandhurst road, about two miles and a half from Berunga, I generally roturnod'homo about six, and my son who was my partner, re mained at tho surgery, J had just oome home ono ovoning, and was dressing for dinnor,' whon tho door-boll rang, and Jane, tlw houso maid, informed mo that a gentleman wished to speak to me, " Some pationt," I thought, " who will'ox patiato on his symptoms, ad miuedm. I wish pooplo would not oomo at dinner-timo. Howovor, thore is no help for it." Then aloud to the girl: " Toll your mistress not to wait dinner for mo, and show tho gontloman into tho parlor." t i?nja ?7 m^u^03I oiUorQd tho room whore I had tojd Jane.to show tho atrangor, " I havo not tho pleasure-" I began, as ho roBo on my entrance, ;, "My namo is Honry Harpor," said he quietly, then earnestly and impetuously " You are a magistrate ? " . I bowed*tnd waited,-feeling ;viry unoofa fortablo, for Mr. Honry Harpor was a strange looking man of about fivo and thirty, very tall, very thin, deadly palo, with dark hair and unpleasantly piercing black eyes. ' "You must think it vory strange, air," he i' ? but I cannot-I will not offer any apologios. . I did not oome hero of my own free will, I was impelled to it, driven to it by that which haunts me night and day, waking, sleeping whon I oan sleep, every where I go and in everything I do, I hoar it ' now. Oh, God, my punishment is more than I oan boar I " He nearly shrieked out tho last words, and covering his faeo with Jils hands-" You mint hoar tho voice," said he, " it is louder than tho roar of thundor." My faco must havo botrayod' my vory . Btrong doubts as to his sanity, for ho said quiotly, almost sadly: " You think that I am mad. I am not. I sometimes wish I woro, then at intervals I should boliovo that the sounds whioh haunt mo arounroal, but no, I am not mad, and I shall hoar them till I 'dlo, I have oomo to you, as a magistrate, to make a confession, in the hopes of obtaining poaoo from Heaven, . and onjoying a moment's respito from the horror that hangs ovor my life," Horo ho spoke quite collootodly, and not at all like a madman, " You look ill j let mo fool your pulso, I am a doctor," said I, Ho did look ill, very ill. I felt his pulse. It was perfectly regular and normal, not at all feverish. His hand was very oold, but not unnaturally so: his oyes, too, though BO peouliar and pioroing, had nothing of that wild, shifty and uncortain gazo of a madman, They were merely tho oyes of, a person suffering groat mental anxioty, In his whole bearing, howeYor, there was a most extraordinary expression, ono that I novor-never saw boforo orsinco, and whioh I oould not doflno for somo time, As ho turned his head whilo tho hall clook, a yeryloud oho, struck sovon, tho attitude gavo me a koy to tho oxprossion, it was that of li&tening.; novor ceasing listening, as if every limb ana musolo and nerve woro omployod in it continually. Tho whole expression of faoo and body was a concentration of tho powor of all-absorbing listening, . ° But as far as my medical oxperionce oould show, ho was sane onough, Ilowover, I heartily wished tliat ho would make haste with what ho had to say, and go. I folt I could speed this parting guest with « a groat deal of pleasure. Although I waB anything but an imagina tive man-rather mattor-of-faot than other wise-I felt thoro was, as tho Scotch say, something " unoanny " about my visitor. Ho wont on, " It was an ovil day that I over loft England. I was an only son. My father and I quar rolled so violently that I left home that night, and Lngland- tne noxt day. This was ton years ago. My poor mother, it broko her heart. I killod her with my violence and evil tompor. I stabbed her to'the hoart as certainly as though I had used a weapon, I landod in Melbourne, and *as tho gold fever was still lingering about, I joined several othors who woro going to the Borunga " rush." In the oourso of a few months thoso with whqm Ihad originally oomo to Berunga all loft, and I settled doivn with a young fellow whoso acquaintance I formed there. He seemed to bo quite alone, So was I. And mutually attracted, wo beoamo " mates." Frank Glynn was a handsome fellow, and BO amiablo and olever, I never oould under dorstand why ho remained hidden at Berunga. I suppose it was family disagreements, Ho had a splendid voioe, and, what was rather Btrango In thoso days and in suoh a place, it was nearly always German songs ho sang Ah, I loved him then I" My visitor had taken a seat while saying this, and spoko in suoh a contained, self- : possossed way, and as. thore seemed to bo nothing very startling in whai ho waB tolling, I sottlod down half oxpeoting to hear rather a i prosy story; .but stilf tho listening-the in tensely Hstoning air, tho earnest blaok oyes, 1 and the ghastliness of tho faoo .soemed at variance with tho calm voioe, and' made mo i feel nervous ovory timo I looked at him, Suddenly ho started up, and oontinued ex oitedly this timo: "I,must hasten. It is driving mo on. : Ah, it I could but oloso my oars and brain for ono moment I" . > ( " I hear nothing," said I; " the night Is very still, and tliohouao ia^ulot." "No ono but a cursed wretoh like me oan hoar it," he said. " I hoar it always, perhaps if you had taken another's life you would hoar something like it too, but pray Heaven you never may. Frank Glynn and I were luolcy, and going to leave Borunga. , He had novcr liked it, and I had oomo to * loathe the placo. . ,, Wo wero going to start vory early one morn ing, walk to Sandhurst, and oatou tho even ing ooach. It was not far, five and twenty milos. Wo spont our last ovoning at Olarke's, Jem Clarke was tho koopor of the littlo atoro. Ho had a daughter .so handsome, so made to bo loved that I oannot think of Jier oalmly now. Her father had loft England thinking to mako a fortuno quickly out horo, and had brought his daughtor with him, Sho was well educated, and could sing like an angel. .Frank often wont to their plaoo in tho evenings, and while alio sang ho accompanied her on tho violin, or joined her in what sho was Binding, I wont too sometimes, but not often. It maddened mo to seo them together. I oven .hatod. to hoar them sing, lovoly as;thoir voioes wore, Frank Glynn loved her, u'o did I. I did moro, I worshipped her, roYoronoed her, I do so now, but I bogan by degrees to hato him. . Strange, that lovo of ono porson should mako us hate another. That last evening they Bang together, and I saw that sho oarod for him abovo ovoiyone elso in tho world. They sang on, saying it would be their last ovening for a long time, but I heard Frank whisper " I will be baok again soon, and then--" I could not hoar the rest. But I jaw her look happy, and she smiled so brightly, at hit words that for a mo ment I nearly hated her,' Tho last song they sangwaB " Der Erlkonig," the favorite witn both of them. They sang it. as if their souls were in it, Wo wished Mr. and Mrs, Clarke and Nolliq " good bye," and told them they need not expect to see us again beforo wo left as wo were going vory early in tho morning, beforo anyone olso wan stirring. " You aro going early," said Mrs, Clarke. "Yes," replied Frank, "we wish to get well on our journey beforo Jho hoat of the day commences. "Avery good plan,"said sho; and then wo wished good night, and "Good byes" again, . . j " Good byo, Mrs, Clarke, you will hear from mo soon," Bhoutod Frank in a tone intended for the oarB of Nellie, who stood in the back ground, Wo walked on silently, our way was a track through: deserted qlaims, Our hut was, for the wholo district ha? altered very littlo, near whoro your house now stands. It was rather a dark night, the moon was in her sooond quarter, but tho sky was so oyoroast that her light was scarcely visible. Wo walked on slowly and cautiously, for tyioro wero abandoned shafts on each side of us, that wo might very oasily walk into, and silently because he was thinking of tho girl he loved, and because I would not trust my solf tp sneak, I loved her so, and hatod him because ho did so too and she rotuned It, | The few words we did speak were hot plea sant ones, for I determined to quarrel with 'him, and a man determined to piok a quarrel oan always And some pretoxt ready, At last as we neared our hut, tne rago and jealousy burst forth, words ran fast and fu rious, I oursed him, then oame a calm-tho lull in a storm. Ho, aB if unoonsciously, began to hum the last few bars of " Der Erlkonig." Oh un happy ohanco I tho sound angered me, roused the worst passions in my naturo, and reoalled so vividly the sight of lur faoo as she looked while singing that, looked with eyes full of love and admiration for him. I think some demon must havo possossod mo, I am suro a man in his right mind could not have dono.as I did, I must havo beon mad then, though I am not now. I do not know what I said, but I struck him I struck him down I ooward and madman that I waB, and ho fell. Wo had boen standing, and the fact had been quite unnotioed by oithor of us, on tho brink of an old and vory deop shaft, down whioh it would bo oortain death to fall. Ho foil, he was stunned, and for ono moment the moon shono out to show mo the white face and olonohed hands. Ho fell,. Some earth that his fall had loosened, fell to tho bottom with a light sprinkling sound, then a, stone or two, with a sharp, qulok noise, then tho dull heavy thud whion eoundod so dead that it made my heart stop. It must have been a deep shaft, as doep as tho bottomless pit I think, for years seemed to pass between the tlrst sound of the gravol, thon tho stones, then tho body, All tho horrors of my posi tion/all tho greatnoss of my orimeoaino bofore mo a hundred times, and each time moro in tensely than boforo, in those intorvals, till my brain and heart seemod filled with burning blood. As tho eoho died away I fled from tho spot, fled with tho brand of Cain on my brow, and as if tho " Avenger of blood" were at my heels. At I'lied I hoard a sound, as first vory faint, like the eoho of an eoho, then louder till it swelled into a shout. Was it madness ? Was I guiltloss ? Had I dreamt tho sight of that ghastly faoo, and that awful falling sound ? Was ho alive ? Thotuno was " Der Erlkonig," and the voice Frank Glynn's, as I had hoard it last. For a moniont I folt suoh dolight, as a lost spirit suddenly featored to bliss must fool. He lived thon 1 For one moment I felt this-tho noxt, I folt suroly, and tho agony of it was terriblo, that that was tho voice of no living man, and that I should hear It for over that, it would haunt me night and day, and sound my knoll In death. I rushed on, I never know how I reached Melbourne, but I did. I was. ill. That tuno and voice over Bounded in my ears, How I longed to die to esoape from it. I had a littlo money on my person, and somo good Samaritan took oare of me, Accidentally I saw an advertisement In a nowspapor ontreating mo to return homo, as my mother was. dying, and all should bo for given, I went, and by tho timo I reaohed England my mother was dead. My father forgave mo, wondered what was tho matter with me,pitiod mo; poor old man. Thought it was grief at my mother's death. Ah, could ho have only known. Could ho havo heard that voico. What would havo been his thought ? I often wondorod at first, people novor did hoar that sound. It was so Ho died in a yoar or two, and I succeeded to tho prosperity, but what good could that or anything elso do me with that voico daily growing loudor and loudor in my ears, It nover ceased. How I would havo prayod if a murderer had dared to pray that tho voico would eease but for ono moment. I tried to -do good. Gavo ray monoy to tho poor, built hospitals and sohools, but of no avail. That voico drovo mo from my home. I aold off everything, and wandered everywhere whero thoro was danger, wishing to die, longing to dio. I would havo killed myself but for tho awful thought that if I did, and BO shortonod my penance here, that voice would be eternal. That tuno always tho samo as when I last hoard from the Hps of a living man impelled mo to Viotoria, and drove me here, for on what is now your land is tho Bhaft where I deprived a follow oroature of life "andit is rightl should givo my self up to justice hero." I did not know what to say, no I silently bowed my hoad. "I givo mysolf up to Justice," said ho. " Will you search for the body. Will you, na a magistrate, arrest me for murder, so that I may pay the jienalty of my crime, which is what that voice lias been haunting mo for, which it had drivon mc from tho other oml of the world for," Ho woa shaking with agitation, his lip .were livid, and he trombled aa though ho would fall. " You mako a most serious charge against yoursolf," said I, " To-morrow I will have tho shaft you mentioned searched, and, of course, I must do my duty, unploasant though it will bo,if the facts are as you state. But I am deoply sorry for you," " I thank you," said he, " and will you do mo a vory great favor ? Do you know " and hero his voice trembled-" anything of her-Nellie Clarko?" " Yes," said I. "Just when I came hero two years after you left apparently, sho was married, and I hoard at tho time something about a roman tic lover, Frank Glynn, who loft tho placo with a friend, promising to como back, but who did not. Jilted her tho people about said, Howevor, people camo and went in very straugo ways in those times, so nobody thought anything about it but Nelly Clarko perhaps, Poor thing, she has had her troubles,^ Sho has had very ill health. I havo visited her professionally. Sho always looks to mo like one mourning for the dead. I think her marriage was hor parents' doings. Her husband is poor enough. Ho broko his leg a month or two ago, Thero aro several little children, and they aro all in great poverty. Poor little woman ! " My visitor looked foarfully agitated for a momont, and thon said : " Dootor, I give vou this ohequo for her (it was ono for two thousand pounds) givo it to hor after-well you know what-and hore is another cheque whioh I beg you will cash and distribute amongst tho charitablo insti tutions and among any poor that need It." " I shall be very happy," said I, " to do as you wish, but as your crime was not inten tional, I trust you will bo ablo to bo almonor of your own bounty." " And now," said ho, " will you tako my statement down and got it witnossed ? " " Thero is no neoossity," said I. "I bog you will, said he, " it will easo my mind so." What oould I do. Tho manner of tho man was so strange, evorything was so strange. So I took down his statemorit. Ho signed Henry Harper in a trembling hand. Thon I signed, and callod in a man who worked about tho placo to sign as witness, When that was finished I was astonished to seo tho alteration in my visitor, Ho looked calm, ovon happy, if such a ghastly faeo could express happiness, " Thank God, said ho, " I can breathe, tlio voico is silent. I havo confessed, and will ry tho ponalty. Tho spirit is appeased, oan breathe. I can live. I feel, I know now I shall never hear that voico again till it brings mo tho last summons I shall over hear in this world, when next I hear it must answer to it beyond tho gravo," Tho wonderful oppression of his faco chained me. I oould not* speak for a minuto or two, at last I said, " Will you stay with mo to-night 7" " I will" ho onswored " and if tho thanks of a man like me are any good tako thorn for your kindness." " Will you oome and havo some dinner" said I. "Prav excuse me if I deoline, I want no thing, thank you." I showed him to a room, forced him to take somo ? wine, ho would tako no food, and left him. I went and had my dinner, chattered with ; ray wife about Henry Harper, and wo both agreed that ho was to bo pitied, and that his story was peouliar. " Poor fellow,1; Baid my wife, ho is greatly to bo pitied, I think tho voico ho speaks of must bo Uio effeots of a heated imagination acting on ms conscience, ".I cannot toll," said I, " the voioo to him is very real." In tho morning I wont mysdlt to Mr. Harper's bedroom, I knooked loudly at his door, no answer, knooked again, oallod loudly, still no replyt I opened the door and walked in. Ho was silting on a chair by the bedsido in a listening attitude, with a smile on his facdi-quite dead. He had been dead for somo hours. The bed was untouohed, Ho had evidently sat down the evening before and had never rison. Had ho in the dead stillness of tho night hqard that voioo which this time brought his Silmmons? Had the voico this time brought him news of rest after such a troubled lifo ? and had ho answered ohccrfully to that signal of release with tho smile that loft its impress on his dead,lips? Who can tell? A search was made. Tho romain B of a body woro found in an old shaft on my ground, a watoh found thero, when oleanod I had on it tho initials F.G. I found Nellie Olarke, gave hor the money, and distributed the rest. Tho old gentleman ooased, the company wore silent for a moment, thon said Annie "That was not imagination Mr. Linton, that yoioe was a real ono to him," "Yes 1" said Tom Smith and several others, TJIB END. 