THE BOHEMIAN. It was on the 30th of January, the day till lately sacred to King Charles the Martyr, that I sat looking over a New Year's almanac, which, as is the custom now, omitted all mention ot the once day of fasting. It was a Punch's Almanac, and it took me away in fancy to other places and infected me with a desire to see the various phases of modern foppery in the country of their source. My mind's eye pictured the artistic costume of the ' Masher,' the elaborate pose and studiously careless gait of the 'Chappie,'1 and the kid-gloved 'look-but- toueh-me-not'' completeness of the 'Gommy.' I might never be destined to see them m the flesh, for their life is transient and brief, and if I were to visit Fair Augusta's towers and trees, when a new form of folly had swept away the present one, I should never so much as see the ghosts of Chappie, Masher, or Gommy. A friend of mine in the Civil Service of another colony founded an application for leave of absence on a statement that he was no longer able to ' follow his Punch.' Hia official superiors regarded the application as savouring of lunacy, but it was my pleasing duty to explain to them in a series of literary contributions that my friend's ambition was laudable, and that their view of it resulted from their own nnworthiness, and at last they acceded to the request My own posi tion, I began to feel, was only better than that of my friend, because kind gentlemen fresh from London are at hand to show me how Chappie walks and holds his elbows and cane, and to treat of Masher's favourite themes in his own tones and idiom. From these phases of respectable idiotcy, my mind descended to the contemplation of 'Arry, and I began to wonder whether the tuition of the School Boards had done any thing ro modify his offensive peculiarities. I began to picture to myself a partially educated 'Any, and was just arranging & priori what he ought to be like, when little Tommy, the office-boy, who lives on the landing by mutual consent of myself and the literary pretenders opposite, entered, and, removing from his mouth a portentous piece of toffee, said, 'Pleesir a genl'man.' He was a man whose affectation of accurate utterance, whose clean-shaved face, and whose hair swept backwards in long greasy ringlets from off his meagre and ill- shaped forehead denoted that most disgusting of all charlatans, the intellectual impostor. ' My name, Sir,' he began, ' is Oliver.' ' What !' I exclaimed, ' a regicide out on such a day as this ! the day when the anointed head fell from the block under the sacrilegious blow! Go and hide yourself, Oliver, for very shame.' He was quite un abashed. ' Dear me,' he said, ' how very extraordi nary I should have forgotten it, for the day is carefully noted in my system of mechanical mnemonics under the name ' Chadda-rogs.' ' ' What gibberish is this 2' I asked. 'This digression,' he said, ' opens np the snbjectaboutwhichlcametoyou. Allowmeto hand you my prospectus ; Professor Oliver. I am the inventor of the system of mechanical mnemonics which you see there described. Its object is the establishment of an artificial memory, or, as I prefer to say, the cultivation of the memory by artificial aids. ' Chadda rogs,' for instance, serves to indicate that Charles the First was beheaded on the 30th of January, 1649. The first three letters are de voted to the name of the king, the d which follows is the fourth letter of the alphabet, and, if used singly, would indicate the 4th of the month, but, beint» doubled, implies that yon have counted the twenty-six letters through and four more, and so it means the 30th. The a, which concludes the first half of the word,indicates the month as being the first of the year. If the month had been the second, an h would have been used with a voweL The ' ' rogs ' points to 1649, accord ing to the scheme set forth in the pamphlet.' 'It is very wonderful,' I remarked. 'The work of a school,' he continued, ' has always appeared to me to be one pro longed labour and irritation to master and pupiL My recollections of my own school days, with their dismal, unintelligent toil, their shames of failure, their degrading punishments and their miserable result, have stimulated me to the task of easing the labour of the teacher and soothing the scholar's pains. It is in the interests of humanity that I have invented my grand system of mnemonics. It is my belief that every one who has to learn and remem ber constructs for himself, here andlthere, some fragment of such a system. We all remember by the aid of association; some times of colour, sometimes of shape. What vast aid did not that Italian monk render to future students of logic by his invention, in the thirteenth century, of the famous formula beginning Barbara Celarent Darii Ferioque prioris? and how often does not the familiar rhyme, 1 Thirty days hath September,' &c;, come in aid of our business reckonings ? Surely the elaboration of a universal system deserves the support of mankind. It is an achieve ment, a stepping-stone, a landmark— nay, a monument, which, more durable than marble, will rear itself in future years over the tomb of the inventor.' 'Yes, indeed,' I said, beginning to enter into the spirit of the thing, 'and I well remember one crucial day when, dressed in a gown with a neat white neckcloth and bands, I stood in a crowded room in front of a table, on the other side of which was another man, also in a gown — and he kept his cap on, like an impudent fellow as he was— and he got me into a corner in Old Testament-history, when suddenly the right answer occurred to me by the aid of those grand mnemonic lines That mighty man Sennacherib, Of any man could crack a rib, Except of King Jehoshaphat, But not of him, he was so fat. Those lines saved the honour of my family.' 'Precisely,' said Oliver ; ' an admirable instance. And I have been recommended to seek your aid in consequence of your well known' ? ? ': 'Oh, certainly.' ' 'And of your influence in connection with' ? ' .: -? . 'Oh, just so.' ;-...??... ' I do not despise mnemonic lines myself,' he continued, ' though I regard them only as agreeable interludes and unscientific digres sions, breaking the severity of a^scientific system. Much remains to be done in the way of classicalizing, if I may so say, our vulgar rhyming mnemonics. It is not every one that has the purity and beauty of the rhyme about Jehoshaphat, which you have just now quoted. For instance, what can be more atrocious than The Bam, the Bull, the heavenly Twins, The Crab, the Lion shines, The Virgin and the Scales' ? : - 'Dreadful!' I exclaimed. 'It reminds you of ' Bless the Prince of Wales.' ' 'Precisely. Now I have endeavoured,' continued Oliver, 'to provide a more classical memoria technica for the signs of the Zodiac. I think you will find it both poetical and ingenious. The signs themselves are the spokesmen, and they lament that they no longer retain their mythical individuality. Here it is : — Oh long we lived in airy ease, Enjoying worship and renown ; ; Nor ever felt misfortune's frown '. ? Till science, called astTonomy, Hose up and tore us down. We roamed as men and beasts on high. Xcr grudged the purple gods their cars ; But envious science greatness mars, Men had a stratagem in eye To make us merely stars.' Here I asked Oliver's leave to send Tommy for a bottle of smelling salts, which being procured, I announced myself as ready to listen on. Oliver continued : — ' And still as stars above the air Our figures can serenely go, Bat not the grand old living show. As well to Titian might compare The dollar oleo. ; . Conld we lay hands upon those men ? We'd all to make a stir go, : And give them kicks a tergo, ' ' ' And make them to Jerusalem Or off to Hanorer go. 'Mid heaven's high secrets they intrude. Eyes telescopical, . t And them as truly knaves we call - As thoss who Indian crowds delude ... . : , With lie jBrnfiminical. . T Pope Pio Nono did adhere , = ; To schemes Copernican ' ? ', ' And, though his race on earth is rnsi,- ': i ' Well do him honour ≠ up here ? ' - : - ' ' ' And so well score Pio one. . .' . j c He was a sage to honour bom — ? ?'' - : ' .They told the xzpc.ii ere hs yreut^^ tr '-L j 1 ~ ' Though bunions as his plague were sent, If he had cut his Capricorn On cratches twain he had not leant' ' Stop there, Oliver,' I cried ; ' not a word more. I have been sniffing away at these salts to prevent fainting till my head aches. I can't stand any more without some brandy.' 'Nevermind/' he said, 'bear up under two more signs ; I polish 'em off in one stanza. But, though full many a godlike grief And heart- acAe wtary us here, Well hope in some bright atmosphere That sage may earn a Ion/ relief Nor yield up his ease there.' ' A magnificent perform ance !' I cried, rising, with a sense of relief. 'A splendid idea! But a thought has struck me. Your words have kindled it. A grand thought pregnant of balm to suffering humanity. It is this : Why not extend the scheme ? You teach a man to remember one thing by thinking of another. Why not teach him to think one thing by thinking of another; to feel one feeling by thinking of another ; to steer him self through all the difficulties of life by keeping his eye and memory upon something quite different from what. he is about? If you can give a man an artificial memory, you can give him an artificial reason, an artificial conscience, a mechanical domestic affection, a technical patriotism, and an alphabetical loyalty. It only needs a complete and efficient gibberish to raise us all by machinery to the level of the heroes we admire. Enlarge the prospectus, my talented friend, and made Burkes and Chathams ; extend the pamphlet and Newtons will be found.' Oliver was much affected by my sudden burst of enthusiasm. Indeed I was so my self. He sprang towards me, and grasping me by the hand, said, in a voice broken with emotion — 'We two will do it.' ' Right !' I exclaimed, and, scratching a few lines on a piece of paper, I said—' Take this to the Editor of the Cemetery. Propound your views to him ; I trust I may say our views. He is a ™?'i who thinks slowly but surely. Do not grudge time or speech with him. Expound to him plainly, fully, de liberately. Talk to him as you have talked to me ; recite to him as you have recited to me; but more. Do not heed any casual symptoms of fatigue which you may notice in him; they are but the outward expression of the throes of a great mind. Do not allow any one to intrude. If any one comes in tell the visitor roundly that you are engaged on important business. If the Editor goes out of the room follow him, and go on talking as you go. His mind must not be allowed to drop the subject for a moment till he has fully mastered it. If he heaves a sigh and his eye wanders fix his attention at once on something in the pamphlet. In short, meet apathy with vigour, fatigue with persistency, and irri tation with wrath ; and then your fortune is made.' 41 Our fortune is made,'he said, ' my grand, large-minded, humanity-serving brother ! You don't happen to have, five shillings about von ?' 'No,' I answered; 'but the Editor has ten. Made virtute esto ; off you go !' He left, aad soon afterwards I called Tommy, but he did not appear. In about ten minutes he returned, and put his head in at the door of his own accord, and, extracting the toffy from his cheek, said, with a .broad grin and a chuckle— ' Ee's gone in to the Symmetry, ee'as. I seen him. O'ny think, I seen him go in ; and now, as awfis hours is up, I'll go and see him come out. It's plain there's other: fools besides you an' me, aint there?' - ? 