GENERAls TOd ThUIIMB. "Tosr Tiwcin's no more I" cries Noodle in Fielding's first of burlesques, and harrows the soul of good King Arthur with the dire ful tidings how the small commander on his way to breakfast, after having killtd rebellion, was swallowed up in tho street by a red cow "larger than the largest size." The little hero however receives the benefit of poetic license, and is revived to spend his honeymoon with Prinicess Huncamiunca. It is only in "tho tragedy of tragedies" poor Tom Thumb is favoured by this easy immortality. We have word of his death to-day, and' though the herdald is not. dbove suspicion the news seems accurate, 'pitifully true. Even in our ashes live our wanted fires, and 'it is a consequenco of fame that the ghost and memory of a man retain the poouliar aspect of his celebrity as; he achieved it-in the flesh. 'It is quite impos sible to tako the death of the American dwarf in the same way as we should hear that a bright particular star of the average material magnitude had dropped out of the firmament. A "puny fantastical sorrow," like that of Olivia's for hier pet' seems the fooliiig 'appropriate to the fatality. Not, that the deoeased general was all pigmy. On the continry he had a spirit' still greater thaii that of' Dr.' Watts."l It is redorded'of that inietricial moralist' that, going into his luhlisher's ine day somebody ,wondered aloud' that 'the' fanmois 'Dr: Watts wa's 'so small a man. With th'at the doctor turned round, drew hiniisolf 'up tqohis full heiglit' and,' fixing 'the impertinent critic with his eye;' threw off an impromptu to" the' effeet that were he tall enough to reabli the pole or gird 'theo'boan with his span,'he must be measured by his soul, on the 'ground. that " the mind's the standard of'thie mad." In the' sanie'way we have it recorded.of Tom Thuimbtliat on his firstevisit to'Buokinham' Palace, now forty years ago, he approached the royal oircle, aind bowing" graoefllly; remarked to Her Majesty that he had seen her befdre, and added withi'jtiiet diguiiy'his opinion that the room way prettier. than the pictuure gallery outside, and thlit the chan delier 'Was e espeially fiuoe "'Asuredlyr n6t many youths of his 'age in these' rdalims would on first eooting have set thed i't'ei' and -court' so handsomely at their. ease by the ijuiet ffability:of his munner. Buit he gave6 "on, that ocoasion a direct proof that,; thouigh bukit tiventyfive .inchesl high', he was oii as good terms? with himself 'as 'if. the inches wereot feet'. Iaer Majesty, took him: by tlei 'hand 'miid introduiced the" Priuce'of Wri'es. 2' Hojw are' you, Prin'e e'" quotlitUie. general, shaking him by the hand. Then standing beside the' heir of England, and measuring'himself to the roydl child, some ivliat' as Tony Lumpkin measured him'solf to.' his fair relative, the microscopic aug' preooious Yaneoe said, '" The Prince is taller than I am, but I fool as big as any-. body," and with that proclamation strutted, up and. down 'the floor, tothle va'st'samuso inent of' all present. "On another ocoasion he acquitted himself at Buckingham Palaco pirotty much as Gulliver acquitted himself in Brobdiniug. Thi royal poodle made a sally on him, hut the genoral, seizing a one, put thre ferooious monster to fliglh afterua valianit: efforto In November.1842, as Barnum tells us' iii hid " Struggles, Triumphe , and cbcollec-, tions," ,wlile at! Bridgeport, Connectiout, on' tlio look-out fo ivobdors, hle heaid ofta very smallohild, aund soon hinted up the curiosity." 'There was 'a bright- faced, intel ligout; perfe'ctly-foimred .little fellow, 10 lbs.' w'eiglit' and under; two footfe high. Hi&l; name was Oharles. 8..Stratton. The uing of sliowmen engaged the prodigy for four wooeks at three' dollars' 'a week, with all travelling' exponses for himself and his mother, brought him to New York, whore he spent great caro and pains in training the little creattire, who 'was an apt pupil, with' much niitive' talent' aiid a keen sense of the ridioulous.' Before twelve moiutlis the ybuug 'general's salary had been raised 'to' twenty-five dollars a-wook, and a year aftor waids he'igreed on a European tour at fifty' dollars and-all expenses. His fame precoded him,'and a'crowd waited on the landing-placo at Liverpool to 'receive this miniature re-' publican, but he evaded the honour by coming on shore disguised as an infant in lila mothor's arms. The hit in Eingland, and for that matter in Europe, was decidod. Like another general he came, was soon, aid conquered. Evein in those days larinum understood the art of. advertising as well as Mr. Puff, in Shoridan's comedy; and the royal patronage was cleverly used to spur the publio interest. For example, oare was taken to make it leak out that on the Lili putian's third visit to Buckingiahum Palaoo, Leopold, King of the Belgians, being present, Queent;iotoria asked the' General to sing, and asked him what song he liked best. SYankee' Doodle " wasithe prompt reply, as London was speedily made aware, to the instant spread of admiring ouriosity, .and the iiloreased takiings of tlie enterprising ex hibitor. 'The Goeoral's popularity was crowined by his ropartoo to the Duko of Wellington, who happened to call at Tom's levee while that strategist was personating the First Napoloon. In this charactor he was marching up and down tihe platform, his hands, ii the historical attitude, bohind his back, and seemingly in deep meditation. TIli Iron Duke asked the subject of his thoughts, to which the Gonoral replied, "I was. thinking of the loss of the battle of Waterloo." This flash was worthy of the best wit amoiig them, and we ona well Sbelievovthat it electrifiod the oouiitry, and, as..j8arnum practically put it, was worth thousands of pounds to the show. The Gonoral left Euglaid for the continint laden with costly presents. His journey abroad was a triumph, and it was on his ro tuirn to England that his exhibitor made his bbld bid'for Shakespoare's house at Stratford o'a-Avon, anid all but secured it too, his olijeot boing to transport it, as he did Jumbo, to',the, ,,Uuited .States as, a :granid ''ti ophyl wr'istled'from the sleepy civilisation ofithe 'Old World. 'Dibkeois, in one of his Cliristmas stories, has a romanca of the rivalry of a giatt and a dwarf l who wore smitten by the same eliarms. '['lie old pgrallcl betwoon fact and flction is not oxactly realised by Tom Thumb's conrtehiip, but it scams as comio indits way. The 0 enar l fall in lovo with Miss Lavinia Warrori, a femalo dwarf of .niiuuiy ''icooomplisimants. In this potty passion the course of true love ran as 'ronyhly as if a pair of the largost sale were" bbl'mne on the troublod biurrent. ".Te'eoolo Sbrated Commodore Nutt Was also slave to the fair Lavinia, and we have it from Mr. Barnum that whencver the Gceneral ap proached the lady the Commodore was oin hand, and "strutted round like a bintam rooster." Not only. this, but blood was likely to have been shed. One day the rivals came to grips, and the Commodore threw the General on his 'back.i Mfgrgovee the Corm modore talkod aboit plssols and howie knives, and other lethal weapons, while the General, though nominally a man of war, wab, we learn, by nature mobt pacific, and showed the better part of valour in respect of the choleric pretonder, who wanted to make it an affair of arms. Tom offected by strategy what le could not gain by strength. He' invited the. young lady to visit his? mother, showed her his house and lands, like wile' a. mortgage on another. man's property, anl then popped the quastion. Hle 'was accepted, and though the GCom. modore at first lookod formidable and refusied to content himself with the lady's sister,~yiss Minnie Warren, he cooled down in ii fortnight, and not only agrood to he the bridegroom's best man, but engaged himself to' the asmall sister of the small bride. . After the marriage, which was adrpitly turned to account as an attraction which brosught many thousands of dollars, the fairy people paid another visit to Europe, ani 1weye .as hartily received ·as bofore. Si8ime tieir return they have 'liven on theo General's very handsome psoperty so pri vately that it will read as a surprise to many to hear only now of the death of the per former who. was the fashion forty years ago. " General. Tom Thumb was amonget the' "mallest "sized dwarfs, though' of a' decidedly larger class' of pigmy thani Generil Mite and the little 'lady recontly exlhibited in Piccadilly. He was .25" inehes'i chighp whereaethiefamous'Geoffrey Hudeojn, thbugh only. 18. inches up to the age of'8b, theif grew rapidly to nearly; four feet. Count Borowlasei -was 8 ,feet 8 inehosiat 80, Nicholas Perry was. nearly 18 feet when hle died at.28.'t 'Two' conteipora'ry^ dwarfs were of the samdlieightir's' the General, and like hip2 sliowyed that. intelligence, which. so resbidklthblyl dibthighibieos` the fo ~fiy a rightly race of pigmied"frorm the lijavy and stupid ~rce'iff didnts.Cnoriu i Advertiser 