RE-APPEARANCE OF GHOSTS. The Fortnightly Review for March con- tains an article by Messrs. Gurney and Fred. W. M. Myers, entitled "Transferred Impres- sions and Telepathy," and embodying various communications recently received by the Society for Physical Research. A few ex- tracts may be interesting :— " We have received the following account from our friend, Mr. Addington Symonds:— 'I was a boy in the sixth form at Harrow, and, as head of Mr. Rendali's house, had a room to myself. It was in the summer of 1858\. I woke about dawn, and felt for my books upon a chair between the bed and the window; when I knew that I must turn my head the other way, and there between me and the door stood Dr. Macleane, dressed in a clergyman's black clothes. He bent his sallow face a little towards me, and said, " I am going a long way — take care of my son." While I was attending to him I suddenly saw the door in the place where Dr. Macleane had been. Dr. Macleane died that night (at what hour I cannot precisely say) at Clifton. My father, who was a great friend of his, was with him. I was not aware that he was more than usually ill. He was a chronic invalid.' " "Captain G. F. Russell Colt, of Gart- sherrie, Coatbridge, N.B, allows us to pub- lish the following narrative: — 'I was at home for my holidays, and residing with my father and mother, not here, but at another old family place at Midlothian, built by an ancestor in Mary Queen of Scots' time called Inveresk-house. My bedroom was a curious old room, long and narrow, with a window at one end of the room and a door at the other. My bed was on the right of the window, looking towards the door. I had a very, dear brother — my eldest brother Oliver, lieutenant in the 7th Royal Fusiliers. He was about nineteen years old, and had at that time been some months before Sebas- topol. I corresponded frequently with him, and once when he wrote in low spirits, not being well, I said in answer that he was to cheer up, but that if anything did happen to him he must let me know by appearing to me in my room, where we had often as boys together sat at night and indulged in a sur- reptitious pipe and chat. This letter (I found subsequently) he received as he was preparing to receive the sacrament from a clergyman who has since related the fact to me. Having done this, he went to the en- trenehments, and never returned, as in a few hours afterwards the storming of the Redan commenced. He, on the captain cf the company falling, took his place, and led his. men bravely on. He had just led them within the walls, though already wounded in several places, when a bullet struck him on the right temple, and he fell amongst heaps of others, where he was found in a sort of kneeling posture, being propped up by other dead bodies, thirty-six hours afterwards. His death took place, or rather he fell, though he may not have died immediately, on the 8th September, 1855. That night I awoke suddenly, and saw facing the window of my room, by my bedside, surrounded by a light sort of phosphorescent mist as it were, my brother kneeling. I tried to speak, but could not. I buried my head in the bed clothes, not at all afraid (because we had all been brought up not to believe in ghosts or apparitions), but simply to collect my ideas, because I had not been thinking or dreaming of him, and indeed had forgotten all about what I had written to him a fortnight before. I decided that it must be fancy, and the moonlight playing on a towel, or something out of place. But on looking up there he was again, looking lovingly, imploringly, and sadly at me. I tried again to speak; but found myself tongue tied. I could not utter a sound. I sprang out of bed, glanced through the window, and saw that there was no moon, but it was very dark and raining hard by the sound against the panes. I turned, and still saw poor Oliver. I shut my eyes, walked through it, and reached the door of the room. As I turned the handle before leaving the room, I looked once more back. The apparition turned, round his head and slowly again looked anxiously and lovingly at me, and I saw then for the first time a wound on the right temple with a red stream from it. His face was of a waxy pale tint, but transparent- looking, and so was the reddish mark. But it is almost impossible, to describe his appearance. I only know I shall never forget it. But the colonel of the regiment and one or two officers who saw the body, confirmed the foot that the appearance was much accord ing to my description, and the death wound was exactly where I had seen it. But none could say whether he actually died at the moment. His appearance, if so, must have been some hours after death, as he appeared to me a few minutes after 2 in the morning. Months later his small prayer-book and the letter I had written to him were returned to Inveresk, found in the inner breast-pocket of the tunic which he wore at his death. I have them now." Mr. J. G. Keulemans gives us the following account : — "In December, 1880, he was living with his family in Paris. The out break of an epidemic of smallpox caused him to remove three of his children, in- cluding a favourite little boy of five, to London, whence he received, in the course of the ensuing month, several letters, giving an excellent account of their health. "On the 24th Jan., 1881, at half-past 7 in the morning, I was suddenly awoke by hearing his voice, as I fancied, very near me. I saw a bright, opaque, white mass before my eyes, and in the centre of this light I saw the face of my little darling, his eyes bright, his mouth smiling. The apparition, accompanied by the sound of his voice, was too short and too sudden to be called a dream; it was too clear, too decided, to be called an effect of imagina- tion. So distinctly did I hear his voice that I looked round the room to see whether he was actually there. The sound I heard was that of extreme delight, each as only a happy child can utter. I thought it was the moment he woke up in London, happy and thinking of me. I said to myself, 'Thank God, little Isidore is happy as always" Mr. Keule- mans describes the ensuring day as one of peculiar brightness and cheerfulness. He took a long walk with a friend with who he dined; and was afterwards playing a game at billiards, when he again saw the apparition of his chiid. This made him seriously uneasy, and in spite of having received within three days the assurance of the child's perfect health, he expressed to his wife a conviction that he was dead. Next day a letter arrived saying that the child was ill; but the father was convinced that this was only an attempt to break the news; and, in fact, the child had died, after a few hours' illness, at the exact time of the first apparition.' "The Rev. W. S. Grignon, Hambrook, Bristol, writes to us as follows : — 'I give the annexed narrative of the apparition of a deceased or dying person on the authority of my mother, the late Mrs. Elizabeth A. Grignon, wife of the late William Stanford Grignon, of Upton, near Montego Bay, Jamaica, Esq., and youngest sister of the well- known counsel. Sir James Scarlett, after- wards the first Lord Abinger. I received the acconut from her, and have had it confirmed by my late sister, Miss Elizabeth Scarlett Grignon, who had often heard it from our mother. I may say that, my mother was a cool-headed, accurate person. About the year 1820 she was resident at Upston, in Jamaica, and had as an upper nurse in her family a Mrs. Duchoux, an Englishwoman who had married a Frenchman; with the exception of this nurse, every servant in the house was black or brown. One morning my mother observed that this woman seemed much depressed, so much so that she pressed her for the reason. She said she was sure she should hear of the death of an aunt of hers resident in England. Her statement was as follows : — She had got into bed, but not yet fallen asleep, and had before this locked the door of her bedroom. A negro girl was sleeping on a mattress on the floor of her room. Near the foot of her bed was a small table on which stood a candle under a shade. Looking up, she saw a female figure in a nightdress, standing with its back towards her at the foot of the bed, near the table with the light on it, and holding a roll of paper in its hand. As she looked, the figure turned its face round towards her, and she at once recognised an aunt then living in England. The figure then moved towards the door, and seemed to pass out of it or disappear. On the arrival of the packet which left England shortly after the date of the apparition, a letter reached Mrs. Duchoux informing her that her aunt had died just about the date of the vision, and had in her will left her £100. I cannot say that the time of the apparition coincided exactly with the last moments of the deceased. I doubt if this was inquired into at the time. But I remember that my mother stated that the woman had not pre- viously heard anything to make her anxious about her aunt. "The following account is given us by Mr. C. .Colchester, of Busbey Heath, Herts: — 'Forty-two or three years ago my father was with a detachment of his regiment, the Royal Artillery, stationed at Montreal, Canada. He had left his mother some months before in England in an indifferent state of health. One evening he was sitting at his desk, writing to her, when my mother, looking up from her work, was startled to see his mother looking over his shoulder, seemingly intent on the letter. My mother gave a cry of alarm, and on my father turning round, the apparition vanished. On the same evening I and my brother (aged about six and five years) were in bed, watching the bright moonlight, when suddenly we saw a figure, a lady with her hands folded on her breast, walking slowly, between the bed and the window, backwards and forwards. She wore a cap with a frill tied under her chin, and a dressing-gown of the appearance of white flannel, her white hair being neatly arranged. She continued to walk, it seemed to me, fully fire minutes, and then was gone. We did not cry out, and were not even alarmed, but after her disappearance we said to each other, "What a nice, kind lady!" and then went to sleep.' The children mentioned what they had seen to their mother next morning, but were told not to talk about it. The news of their grandmother's death on that same evening arrived a few weeks afterwards. 'I may add,' Mr. Colchester concludes, 'that neither I nor my brother had ever seen our, grandmother till that evening, nor knew of what my mother had seen till years after. The apparition I saw is as palpably before me now as it was forty years since.' "The following is a sample of another class of cases, of which there are several examples. It is contributed by Mrs. Gates, Montpellier road, Brighton, who is personally known to the writers: — 'One August morning at breakfast the well-known feeling stole over me. Waiting till all had left the table except my second daughter, I remarked to her, "I am feeling so restless about one of our absent boys! It is , and I feel as If I was looking at blood!" ' The son in question, in a letter received a few days later, inquired of Mrs. Gates as follows — 'Write in your next if you had any presentiments last week. We were going to canal fishing, and I got up at the first sound of the bell, and, taking my razor to shave, began to sharpen it on my hand, and being, I suppose, only half awake, failed to turn the razor, and cut a piece clean out of my left hand. An artery was cut in two places, and bled dreadfully.' Further details are given, which show that the pain and bleeding were probably at their maximum at the hour of Mrs. Gates's breakfast that same morning." 