The Novelist. lone Stewart. BY E. LYNN LINTON, ATJTHOB of PATRICIA KEM BALII, THE ATONEMENT ey LEAM DUNDAS, UNDER WHICH LOBD, MY LOVE, ETC, ETC. . ' As the family had not been shot, nor carried < j to the mountains, nor in any other way molest* by those mysterious and ubiquitous beings wi t were to the popular imagination what ghosts a to the timid, they were looked on with a certa ¿ respect by the rest of the community, and r gard ed as modern Achillides, of whom, howevë \- the vulnerable part had not yet been found. Bi ??*'?; it was there, and some day it would be touche , Brigands and mafiosi were facts, they said; ar why should one man only, and he a foreigner, luv. : the secret of immunity ? There were not wanting scores who gave it í their opinion (said below their breath) that Ca] -. tain .Stewart was himself a mafiose, and sofa , in league with the brigands who hung like a clou 'on the horizon of life, in that he paid them blac mail to keep them.quiet and himself safe. , Th ¿ want of proof did not vitiate the hypothesif Certain folk who go to Sicily aré so resolute t find brigands and the mafiosi wherever they tun ; tho only thing to do is to give them their head; and,let them career over the fields of superstiti £ ous fancy at their will. Their belief may be n< more real'than those garments woven out of ai ., with .whioh the shivering king sought to covei tv his nakedness j bub what of thatP Belief hai always been grandly independent of proof y and faith in the auperna+ural powers of evil hat been ever potent with men. Let those wh© like il , believe if they will that all Palermo is mafiose ; 1 that ' their best friends are mafiosi, who will sell . them to the Leone of the day with no more re j, morse than if they were so many heads of cattle or boxes of oranges; that their physician and j their guarda-perta, the police and the peasantry, the servants and tho shopkeepers, tho nobles v themselves, and above all the street-coachmen, i5;áre all of this vague, all-pervading and intangible ''society; and thai those who deny theso widespread /, ramifications aro the most mafiose of all. lt was ',.'? what they said of Captain Stewart, because he I lived two miles out of Palermo, and had not been ^ captured or killed; what uine-tenths of the íúcolony believed and said boldly, and the other íf- lénth repeated with disclaimers of a half-hearted ' kind. And yet, for all the exaggeration created z} by superstition and terror, the mafio existed ,, then as it exists now, and you do hold the hand of . a ,mafio in yours with no more consciousness of f.,ybur friend's affiliation than you have of tko day Of .his death, or cf your own. And Capt. Stewait ' cherished in his own household a member of this -Vatrange and secret society, to whose good will ?*he owed more than he either suspected or per- ceived. Mafiose for his own part, aa some said him to r,be, or aa free from complicity as from crime as Í said others, whether owing his security to judici- ous payments made by driblets to obviate the ' necessity of a future ransom in a lump, or pro- tected by his own courage, and the good luck that follows on conduct, however that might be, Capt. Stewart managed to live in peace with all men, and to enjoy life as much as an Englishman of active habits and broken career can enjoy it in a ^country where the"dolee far nicnte" takes the rank of a science, and Nature herself discourages i> industry and discredits energy. He had a garden "which waa bis delight, and wherein he grew every ^pwer. and shrub and tree which the soil" would ?-'nourish and tho ardent sun permit to live. He . had an Orange garden, too, whence he drew part i pf bia income, and where he grew such fruit aa was scarcely to be had elsewhere. He had a mill, >:where he ground his own and other people's corn, 'and where ho made a profit on his labour when. : the grist-tax was imposed. He had a clump of olivos which gave him oil; a patch pf "fibbi d'. India" which gavo him fruit for his own-family .; and a'surplus for the market ; a vineyard which gave him wine-and excellent wine, too ; and,, he lived a quiet, useful, half- patriarchal life, much' respected by the many, mortally feared by the few ; with the whispered word mafiose as the echo to his name, but with open honour from all men, and from none more than from those who mostaf fected to believe him so far an annuity to the -brigands. ; His own men at onee loved and feared, res- pected and dreaded: him. For though ¡even tempered for the most part, as became one who : thought self- cbntrol tho essential element of moral manhood, ho vas both furious and implac'a-; "ble when i'uily roused- and those in his;employ: 'werö*worit to say that th ey ' venera tedi him' as a1 ; saint, and dreaded him as a devil., What they wère always forced to add was, that, saint or devil, : placid or furious, he was ever-just, and his promise ! was to be relied on. ; , " .'It was thia quality of justice, this absolute trustworthiness, which, gave him his hold over the men; They cheated him in little things, but 'were loyal to him, in great matters ; and his comparative obtuseness, springing as it did from the large nobleness "of his nature, caused their .moral respect, if it carried with it their inteiloo j ,fcual contempt. ' . , "The padrone is a fool," they.,used to say \- among themselves, " bub he ia an angel as well." To which once the head man, Vincenzo, a sharp witted fellow, answered, carelessly .. "Fools make the best ' angels. ?? It is the devil who has the brains." . 1 v, Which, darin» Bpeech, coupled with other things ^characteristic of Vinoenzo,.,terrified' the. more "superstitious of the household) and gob him'in « or eased -influence in the place where already he had BO much. . . / . i - - r 