MABYBOKOtTGHl [KM-H OUB OTO COliBSflPonDBjra.Ti Ncvembe3'2B'. Thb drought io-still the chief topic- oB' olis- c-jssion hore,. and dwarfs every o'ifcsr Bubjjct. There wero-hopes on Saturday morning that She long- prayed-for rain had ut lost como,,a» ft. Btja-jy shower se* in, bnt alaB ! it'only oort tanned for about' ten minutes, iDjjsup- well, notwithstanding the drsaglit. The lasli-publishsdireturns gtre a total of' £810 'for- goeds alonoy the highost weoi's eai-siegs sinoe tho line wes- opened'. Tho raccifjts I or t&& Burrtrm line ure cot great. ^iffairs-ut' th» Howard mint^-arojebab a standatiQ,' and tfao company seems totally paralysed. 3Ci-.-Bobert- »on,.of Torbiinelia codiery, ia working.: stcadilyr on, and is sending, up rogularly by Iran about 50 tons per day. The branch lino from the Burruin rail^Kiy. to- the mine is alznoBt com pletcd-,' and is berag constructed by tho Government. When. completed, whioh wiUibe in a 'ortnight,.70 tons wiil bo brought to town daily: in-tho- inosntimo, ships und steameTiv ar.i rjringine here weekly supplies from.--TS»w- c-iBtlo, chiefly for ^Eenfane. A few Bmall- capitalists havo formed'them selvesinto a. company fortho purpose of^stub lishing a sterna lauudr,'. It is Odtimatod tliafc. tho hotcU'\vaahos ' will alone keep thsmhusy,. to say nothing- of? the- many private families, who £fad it difficult to- procure the services of' a washerwoman. Another attempt. iB-to bo mado thiswaeito commit-.the Municipal Council to tho erection, of public bains,, audi ib it) to bs hoped' tho ut tempt v.'iH suciieed; It is not crodiivble to Maryborough that sho is .without this- .very necessary institution. In thiB rospoct wo are not only bohinct the old Bomans, but baliindi most oi'the towns- iu the colony. 'The number of mom- bors in connection- with, the toljphone ezohango ii steadily increasing. A l'st- of 'nearly e'uty momberB can now- be- Bhown, arid the public- ofHccs aro now 'getting; atteched-to the v^ires. (Preparations for tho erection of the new hospital havo begun. Tho ground is cleared,, and tenders-are- out for the fencing and- orno- moDtal gotes. Tho gates aro very handsome, and ha-ve-beon manufactured in Glasgow. Tho new hctspituL for kanakas has been completed, and tho resident-Burgeon (Dr. ClarksOE):is now' in Maryborough miking a.-rangamonts for the reception of- hie patients. Two ofr our hotels — tho Qucon's anoV tho European — aro ta be enlarged, or ratherre built, in accordance v/ith the spirit of tire times. Most' of' the Maryborough hostelries aro now larce undi well-appointed buildings. The number of bicvclos and triayoles in Maryborough is fast increasing, und it is no un common sight to meet a knot of frorWct to a dozen riders gliding through the stronta like . ghosts t.fc eight. Owing to the scarcity o£ grass - land . deaances of feed horo.many have discarded . their gulloping Bteeds for tbe two -or three I'.vhoeloM 1 waj nearly knocked down-the othor jHight by an cx-mayor, who waB working hia p^iBsagahoino on ono of these vehicles. : h b regards tho Alf rod Vittory case, the opinion '.hero is- that tho prisoners havo be»n allowed '.rather short time to prepare their defence On ; tho other hand, should the trial be adjourned to iMayncxt, vthere will the witnt-sss» be then? ,Tho Alfred Yittery sailed again foz- the South JSeus, on Sunday, on another reoruiting vojugo, with a now orow and officers. It is.to be hoped ;8ue will make leas noiso noxt time she returns jhere. There is something in this trade whioh sooms to unnervethomoralpowersand brululiae, \\\a faet, tlie whito mon who tako part in it, i£ | half tho stories told about them Uo true. One oftho officers told me that during the last voyagfl a \vom»n with a piccaninny was taken, on board sadly agsiuat her will ;; her child was left ashoro und Bho was brought to Mary borough. Ho assured me this- Trasja fact. Tho Sybil returned to-day with only 12 recruits, and tbo news thut hor Govornmosi agent had left hor at Havannah Hurbiiur,- and sho had to coiro back. What was tho matter f '.( ho Liboral Acsaciation hero havo boon dis cussing tho labour trailo at thoir lute meotings, and aro preparing a tories of resolutions ou the question. I behove they would liko to improva the whole business off the feee of Queensland, and make tho colony a home for tho whito man. They passed a resolution last night that tho Governmunt Bhould take the whole question of Polynesian recruits into their own bauds. j The Pew Ireland native who murdered hiB countryman in Bundaberg lately, waa brought, lip to tho Maryborough ,lock-up on Friday last, heavily ironed. Bonides boing tied by tho arms. grvos woro on his wrists, and handcuffs screwed-, on his loga Juot above the ancles. Qlie lattor seemed to cause him intense pain, and was very suggestive of tike old bootsorows used in perse cuting times, \ A petition is being signed in town, praying the Governor to. lelease Kdward iowry, a maw who wa& convicted hore about .14 monthB ago, and- sentdnced' by i Judge Blake to two.joars' imprisonment . for larceny. Ho was in the habit. 'of visiting sl-»etr -in. ' the morning- and ' pickiag up anything ho could lay hie Imnds on, which ho stowed iu'u bag he 'carried with him.' As ho never made 'wo of the 'stolen arliclcB itia ? suppiscd he was ufllioUid- with kleptomania. liis family,' a largo one, aro getting boyond the. rule i o£ -? their mothor, ' who has to go out to maintain horsolf and them j and tho pe-titionera {hink that for tho snko of tho family ho might - sow be roleased, as ho was previously of good olmraotor, and he has behaved himself well at fit. Holon»'.'i',v ?. ?'' . . I The Boptia1; cocgregaMon hora, ponding tho ereotion of a building of th- ir own, h'ive sooured tho Town Mall for holding services on Sun days. The oongregatioti is a small one yet, but they havo a talonted and able clergyman, tho Bev. B. W. Olinoh, who may in timo gather pround him a more numorous Hook. ! Professor Pavnc, oonjuror und illusionist, gkv'o several performances hpro last weok. Hp is about as good as ftny of hi» profession. Thoorewo of tho Maryborough and Wide Bay Bowing Clubs nro out every day, in train '? ingfor tho Separation Day Begotta. Bvery ? man of them suems us fit as a fiddle, Tlio Maryborough crow is most in favour hero, but '? Jmowin? ones any tho Wide Bay men aro the host, if they only keop up thoir prcsont form. Both crows letivo here for Brisbano next week. Tho medals won at the lato rogatta are to bo awarded on Thursduy night, ahey aro very . hands. :mo, and woro manufactured by Messrs. Jflavollo Bros,, of your city. 