CHAPIEE II. Diiekd Coubx and its Owkbe Dalend Court was considered such an im posing residence by the occupants of the rural town, of Dalend that it deserves a brief notice. ' To approach the Court, you turned out from the high road at a lodge; then through a vast park, various in character; being ornate near the mansion and choicely timbered ; whilst in p*rts, farther removed, there were romantic plena and spreading dells, everywhere studded with tall elm* and free standing oaks. The houie itself belonged to the Tudor period. Thero was half the moat left on one side of 'the building, the rest being filled in. The hall of the mansion was hung with escut cheons and banners of those who had fought at Cressy, ^gincourt, and against the Roundheads at Marston Moor. . ; ..There were also state rooms, where kings and queens had slept when making a royal progress through the country. There was also & haunted room, with a family , ghost, as became so ancient a uwusion Thi<* particular ghost was called the "Grey tody," and was said to paco tho room, uttering fearful moans, on the anniversary'of her murder by her cruel lord. A tale was told of ono of the owners of Dalend Court—Hugh Hardicge— who, being forced by his father to marry his cousin whilst his love was given to another, so hated his wife as to cruelly use her even during his father's lifetime. When he came into tin estate he resolved to remove the obstacle in his way of marrying his first and only love. Fear ful moans were heard ono night proceodingfrom her room, and the next morning the wifo was found dead-—killed by her husband it was whispered. ' ' Their portraits still hung among the family pictures.. Hers was of a lovely girl, clad in grey satin, but of a: most mournful counte nance. The portrait of Hugh Hardingo was that of a nino fierce and cruel in aspect, seemingly rap able of d ing tbe deed imputed to him. Still, Dalend Court was a most charming resi dence. Its present proprietor, & grim, stern old man, with sharp-cut features, and cold, grey oyc«, was by no means popular. His servants were in the habit of keeping as much out of Itis sight as possible; and his ten ants feared him, especially those whose rent was not ready at the appointed time. And as a ma gistrate, woe to the poacher who was brought beforo him. The squire, as he was always c died, inflicted the longest imprisonment he possibly could. But if tho squire was feared, his son—his only child—was tho idol of Dalend. Fred Hardingo was a perfect contrast to his father in e*err way,and as popular as liis father was otherwise. People even doubted whother tho stern old squire possessed any love, for his son. That lie was proud of hiui nud ambitious for him they knew well. It was no secret that Fr.d Har dingo was to make his mark in tho world. Directly ho left Oxford ho was to brgm by marrying 'tbo daughter of ono of tho poliiic.il leaders of tho squire's party. Tho people of Dale ad wcro looking forward to gay doings at the Court- when Fred Hardingo should bring homo his bride. 'It will bo as it wa« during the few happy years of tho squire's married life/ thoy would say. 4 There wore gay doings before tho young wifo was killed in tho hunting-field. Tho 6qniro was not then the grim, stern man ho now is.' What, then, was the public constcrnntiou when it became known that the squire had quarrelled with his son and had disinherited htm. no ono could tell why. 