Anginal §tors. All Sights Reserved. VIOLET MAYLAND. Chapter IX. Continued. Br FBAKK LTKK. "As if a squirrel could live fifteen year,s, Dick." " They might, can't you tell us Kay P you are pretty good at natural history you know." '"In some parts of it I may be, but I am afraid I never studied a squirrel's, so it is impossible for me to tell you how long they live." " But," exclaimed Violet, "are you not dying to hear the ghost's message Dick?" " No, I can't say I am, but will listen to it, though I'am sure it is some joke, Kay and yourself have been devising between you, to swindle me with." - ' No indeed, Dick, this is no swindle, see there is the message," and. Violet tossed the note towards him, " I am too lazy to hand it properly." ' As I see, but am Ito read this precious missive P" . : ; > i / . 1 ' Of course-anA tve want your-advice on it." 'Yes," said Kay, "It is awfully strange, but why theghp^l should eiupLpy a bloodhound to carry his message I cafi't make out, it is quite beyond me." ^ < " It is all bosh," laughed Dick; as ne tossed the note back to Violet, " Do you really expect me to believe that it is not the creation of your own brains?" " Tcs, we do, but Dick I am not trying to hpax you, that note was really jgiven to, or rather brought to me by "a. dog to-day, just after we had passed the Lodge." •"-;.' • _ • ; '-' Nonsense- Vi," etclaimed Dick,- with a hearty laugh, " you may as well own at once that it is only a joke." " Well Vass, you heed not believe it. unless you like, v3. only stateB the truth," exclaimed Kay impatiently, " 1 shall not say nothing more about it," and he tossed himself back again on to the mossy ground in disgust at Dick's laughter, while Dick only laughed the louder at Ms annoyance, and attempts to make him believe, what appeared such a manifest- swindle. Violet said nothing, but picked up the note and pocketed it. After a few seconds silence, sne rose from her. seat, and proclaiming her intention of gathering forget-me-nots on the edge of the river, wandered away, leaving the two. men lounging on the mossy turf, wandering on and on, hardly heeding where she went, and too deep in thought, to notice how far she had roamed from i her companions. Once or twicfe ' she f had taken the note from her jpocket and re-read it, but remained as (puzzled as ever, " It is no use trying to understand it," she said to herself, "what danger can there possibly be. ia-my wandering about in the Park? I have done it all my life and no one has harmed me, and why should they now? But how far I have rambled away, and luncheon must be there already," she turned rapidly" to replace her steps. In turning she ckught I sight of a gaudily -dressed woman, who (suddenly disappeared, when she found herself observed, among the trees. Violet paid no attention to her, supposing that it was some gipsy, whom she had disturbed in her rambles, and quickly jiassed on her way through the trees." bhe had quite forgotten the woman, when on turning suddenly round a bend she again caught, sight of her, evidently following in her footstep 0 . "I suppose she wants to tell my fortune," said Violet to herself, " but I am in too great a hurry to be atuused with her now. She may overtake me if she likes," and Violet continued walking rapidly on. Several times she again caught sight of the gipsy, and was surprised to find that she did not seem to catch up to her. Thinking that perhaps the womau was iU, and needed assistance, Violet paused, and waited for her, but to her astonishment, the woman at once disappeared into the shade of the trees. With a laugh at the gipsy's proceedings, Violet again continued on her way, and had nearly reached the mossy ledge, when she turned out of her way to gather some peculiar flower that caught her eye, amongst some moss. As she gathered it, she looked up, and fouud herself face to face with the gipsy. It was no sick woman's face that looked into hers, but that of a gipsy just past midille age, ou whose countenance crime had stamped its uideous marks. For a second Violet uazed into the fierce eyes of the woman, aud read nothing but hate in their filmy depths, but a movement attracted her attention aud quickly looking dowu she found that the gipsy tins in the act of raising a revolver to fire. There- was no time for thought, with a spring Violet, had bounded to the woman's side and. knocked the revolver up. At that moment it went off, and the bullet only damaged the branch of a beech under which they stood. With a hoarse cry, which sounded almost unearthly to Violet's strained ears, the woman again raised the revolver, but she evidently" did not understand the mechanism of it thoroughly for she blundered for a moment with the trigger. But tliat ; moment was enough to save Violet's, life,; for suddenly through the trees dashed Jasper, and flying at the woman; J just as sue was raising tlie revolver .to fire a second time, attacked her furiously. In a short time he must have either killed her, or else doue her ferious injury, had not Violet recovered from her astonishment and hastened to the. rescue. With some difficulty she succeeded in releasing the gipsy, from the dog's fangis, "and the" woman rose from the ground. In the struggle she'had dropped the revolver, arid now strove to regain possession of.it,' but Violet seeing what she was about to do, picked up the weapon and held it. The woman glared fiercely for a motnent, 1 but finding that the game was now in Violet's hands, turned and fled. With difficulty Violet prevented Jasper from pursuing her, but in a moment she had passed out of sight, and not till tbrn, did Violet release the dog, who bounded away in pursuit, but at her call returned and joyfully sprang to her side to be patted. The relief was almost too great for Violet, but caressing the dog she , hastened on quickly until she regained the mossy ledge, Jasper following close at her heels. "Why! VL, how scared yon look/' exclaimed Dick, as Violet seated herself on the moss, but he laughed gayly at her story, and said that it was all the creation of her brain. - • , " You must have fallen asleep and dreamed it," he said between his fits of laughter. " But Jasper is tfot a dream P" objected Violet. ' " No, that animal is real enough, but I daresay you pickcd him up somewhere during your rambles and brought him here to improve the story." " Dick it is too bad to disbelieve me." " I am sure it is, but why don't you bring me a story that 1 can believe?" But Violet was too vexed to continue the discussion, so site contented herse f with sitting still idly gathering the moss within her reach, and throwing it into the river to watch it floating slowly down the soft flowing stream.. Hcr adventpre had worked her into a state of nervous fear, so that every sound made her start and tremble, and when they heard footsteps approaching, she felt ready to fly away with . terror, but the thought that she was safer with the rest prevented her. The footsteps turned out. to be only John bringing the luuch He was followed by Wilfred Kingslec. The latter generally fouud his J way to Maylands nearly every day, to Violet's secret disgust, though she pretended to be very pleased to see Mm, whenever he cainc, en purpose to torment Major Kay. She . liad soon found out that he could not bear Kay. However to-day she did not fi- el inclined to be gracious and to his astonishment and disgust, scarcely received him politely. Dick was the only one who welcomed him cordially and ho really for a wonder was glad to see Mm. The silence of Kay and Violet, was beginning to get oppressive to the man, who however lazy himself, always enjoyed gaiety and life, so he greeted Kiugslee so heartily, tliat the latter opened his eyes in mute surprise, and turned to address Violet in his deep voice. " I was quite astonished to find you out to-day Miss Mayland, for yesterday, you had no thought of enjoying tMs rural manner." "No," languidly replied Violet, "it was Dick's idea, and though we have only been out a very 'tthort time, we-are afl getting quite tired of it. Bural simplicity, does not seem to agree with our spirits. " I am sure it does not," exclaimed Dick, "for both yourself and MajorKay arc as dull as possible.", [" J'.tlunk,' replied Kingslee, "picnics ire J always dull, unless there are a great many people present, and one can do as one likes'. These small ones are generally slow." VI 'don't agree with ypu," sardUyiolet, bent on being contradictory, "I"hfete large picnics,, these small impromptu ones are far nicer." Kingslee looked in astonishment at her, and exclaimed, " But, you said ,, just now,-—-" ' ' • ' : i ; • ' : • • "Oh, I always forget what I have said," carelessly replied Violet, interrupt - ing him, " so please- don't remind me, I always speak just what I think at fib© minute. But we may as well have lunch and then we can go home." Luncheon progressed quickly/^ut poor Kingslee was more and more puzzled at Violet's changeableness. She Had always been so calm and even in her behaviour that her present mood irritated and annoyed him, and well it might, for she contradicted him whenever she could. Major Kay and Jasper also annoyed Mm by never letting Mm |ippr6aclf Violet, so" that he felt out M.the cold. As the luncheon went on his temper did not improve, especially when he foniil tliat Violet scarcely paid any attention to his-, polite speeches, sometimes she would look up after what he imagined a telling hik and say, "Did tyou speak, Mr,. Kingslee if " To be Continued 