MINING INTELLIGENOR. "(fnos OUR OWN OORRESPONDRKr) 1\. arGT, Oct. 2. Mr Peers, Government mining sur veyor, reached Dargo on the 18th, after surveying iining leases at Cobungra and the Dargo Plains. Three leases were surveyed at Cobungra, one of them being the celebrated "Italians," an old river bed which is being and has been worked by hydraulic pressure with great advan tage, and it is very probable will be the means of ultimately solving the enigma of the true chahacter of these ancient beds. There eas a water race eight miles long to be surveyed, but as its source is Mount Bogong, the sur. veying had to be postponed on account of snow. At Dargo Plains two leases were surveyed for Messra Anderson and Trea. sure, and Leroyd respectively, both places embracing part of the same deposit as at Cobungra. A quartz lease was also sur veyed for Messra Mitchell and Jackson, which embraces the Evening Star line of reef, and was formerly known as the Rose of Denmark, and by experts is pronounced to be a splendid show. Respecting this lease I hear your Mr L. Jensen has been smart enough to secure the Evening Star battery, having purchased it from, the Hon. J. H. Wallace. NoRsaa-nB Q. M. Co.-Where this reef is situated the surface country, to a con siderable depth, is much broken up, hav ing the appearance of having tumbled over at some time, hence the difficulty in the part of following any definite line of reef. They have apparently gone through the broken country in the present level, and have reached solid blue slate with a strong stream of water in the face, which they expect indicates the proximity of the reef, and if such proves to be the case they will not have such complicated manaeuver. ing to follow up the line of reef as they have hitherto done. Colley's new reef is situated on the left hand branch of Long Gully (Dargo). On the occasion of a recent visit it was not sufficiently developed to give any definite opinion of it, but the stone at present raised is not of a very promising cha racter. NEW GOOD HOPE Q. . Co.--On re viewing the work done by this company since they struck the line of reef in the No. 4 level, I find that they have driven along the line to the east about 200 feet without striking gold, but when they left Iff were on some promising looking stone. They drove along to the west a greater distance, striking small patches of gold occasionally, but nothing particularly good. A rise was then put up with the expectation of breaking through into the old workings to bring them under the old engine shaft, but to find themselves 60 feet to the west of this point. Suffi cient gold was seen in this rise to induce them to take out a trial crushing, 80 tons yielding 16 oz., or 4 dwts to the ton. From this rise they went easterly for the stone. The result of the crushing caused a panic, and all work was suspended for some time, and an expert was sent up to examine the mine. He pronounced in favour of a second rise being put up 120 feet to the east of the first rise, with the view of breaking through about 60 feet to the cast of the old engine shaft, but found themselves within 20 feet of it. They fossicked out stone from this end, imicking out the best of it, working to the west, with the result of 57 ozs. from 60 tons of stone, or 19 dwts. to the ton. Since then, if we follow the tiniing manager's reports, we find that it takes him all his time to follow up the gold, he has left the second rise and started a third, and driven that into the first or west drive, the two only being 38 feet apart, reported with the usual form ula " no change as regards gold." Now all this points pretty plainly to the- fact that the company are merely picking out the patches, and that bye-and-bye the ground will be unrenumerative for the company or any one else. The teat they have now given the ground ought to be sufficient for them to arrive at the conclu sion of whether it will pay the company to work on straight ahead or leave the block to be worked out by tributors, the latter for preference, for the company will then get some monetary advantage, at thle same time give the chance of hav ing the mine developed. All work done in this mine, from the time of commenc. ing the present level, has been based upon the assumption that the gold dipped to the east, and so it did from the sur face to nearly the bottom of the engine shaft, but hitherto all their efforts have been baffled to find the continuance of this easterly dip. not the ghost of a sign could they find when driving east along the level, nor have they found any gold to speak of east of the engine shaft; wihat gold they lave obtained has princi pally come from the west of it. From the testimony of men who have worked in the mine, I now .ather that from all appearances the gold must have changed its course at about the bottom of the old workings, and is now dipping to the west; that when stoping to the west they always struck gold at the foot of the stopes first, and they would have it at the top of the stope when they had lost it at the foot. This is a matter of detail, noticeable only to the men working, or a mining manager closely watching, but not a potent faetor to arrive at a correct result ; so that coup ling this with the fact of their finding nothing to the east, one is warranted in assuming the probability of the gold trending west. Without a diagram it is diflicult to deonatrate the trte posi tion, but 1 halre endeavroured to simiplify the description as much as pos sible. If tho company find that they can. not work-the present block to advantage, let it on tribute by all means before they cmake it valueless. Lot them go boldly to work and drive along the level westerly as long as there is a sign of the reef, they yet may strike the shoot of gold they have been loking for, or another shoot as good, and notwithstanding their find ing no gold to the east in the level, it would be advisable to drive along in that direction while they can follow the reef, for there is nothing to warrant any one in concluding that the gold in the Good Hope mine is confined to one shoot. 