2C.Z. 8PQET. (From ourDanedin Correspondent.) Dcnbdin, 11th Hay. Mb. David Pboudfoot, who is at present engaged in railroad-making iu New South Wales, has sent for bis horse Sir Modred, a purchaser baring been found for him. A< it is possible, therefore, that our erstwhile crack will -before long make his appearance on the Aus tralian tuif, I make no apology for furnishing you with a summary of bis history. As a two- year-old Sir Modrea started equal favourite with Sir Garnet for the C.J.C. Welcome Stakes ; but neither got a place, the first three at the fiolsb being Hilarious, Sir George, and Tim Wbiffler. Coming to Dunedin. he forfeited his maidenhood by winning the Champagne Stakes, 1 beating The Governor, Leveller, and two other, in poor time. In the GJ.C. Champagne he bowled over Lure, Virginia Water, and two others, travelling the six furlongs iu 1 rain. 1 9sec. Next day he carried Sst. 101b. in the Nursery Handicap, and was beaten hy Lure (Sst. 311).) and The Governor (7st. 101b.)' As a three-year- old Sir Modred won the C.J.C. Derby, heating Virginia Water, Badsworth, Lure, The Gover nor, and Nautilus, and making the splendid record of 2min 43sec.— which is the fastest time ever made in a Derby in New Zealand, and, at that time, had never been beaten iu Australia. In Le Loup's Canterbury Cup the colt finished absolutely last out of the field of six ; hut next day ran well forward iu the Metropolitan, in which he carried 7st. 61b., aud was only beaten by the five-year-old Nataior, who had been pitchforked in at 7st. 121b. At the Dunedio annual meeting Sir Modred had an difficulty in bowling over the moderate field opposed to him in tbe Cup, io which rare he had ?st. 101b., and did the two miles and a distance in 4rain. £ee. His penalty for the Cup stopped him in the Publicans' Handicap, iu which he waa beaten by Hilarious and Natator ; but next day be won tbe Railway Plate in a canter, beating Legerde main and Nautilus. Io tbe great Autumn Handicap be carried Sst. 101b., and was beaten by a length by Lady Emma (fist, 131b.). At Tim&ru; he woo the Cup (8sL 101h.), beating Lady Emma (7sL 51b.), Libeller (7st. 81b.), and Hilarious (7st. 31b.). As a four-yesr-old Sir Modred ran unplaced in the Melbourne Cup (8<L 41b.), won by Zulu (5st. 101b.); and was un placed in the Spring Handicap (8sL 101b.), won by Pawnbroker (7st. 71b.). Coming back to New Zealand, he won the Town Plato at Wan- gaaui; but was uoplaced iu tbe Cup, won by Hailstorm, and second to Slander filly in the Railway Plate. At Wellington be ran nowhere in the Railway Handicap, carrying 9st. 41b. At Canterbury Autumn he was unplaced in Autumn Handicap (9su 31b.), won by Salvage (7at. 71b.); unplaced in Easter Handicap (Ost lib.), won by Emir Bey (fist. 91b.). At Asbbur- ton be won the Publicans' Puree (fist. 101b.), bnt was nowhere in tbe Cup (9st. 61b.), won by Envy filly (fist. 71b ). At Timim be ran third in the Cup, and third in the J.C. Handicap; and he wouod up the season bjr winning the Birth day Handicap at Dunedin Autumn, carrying 8sL 121b. As a five-year-old Sir Modred ran third (9»t. 21b.) iu tbe Geraldinc R.C. Haodicap, won by Teaman (7st. 121b.). Being io great form at the C-J.C. Spring Meeting be won the Free Handicap (9st. 21b. V the Cup (w.f.a.), tbe , Railway Plate, and the Christchnroh Plate. At the Dunedin meeting be wes banlly himself, end got defeated in the Cup (9sL (Mb.), the J.C. , Handicap (9st.), the Forbury Handicap (fist.), and the Flying Handicap (Oat. 21b.), his only victory at tbe meeting beiog in the Tramway Plate, To sum up : Sir Modred has started in 34 races, of which he has won 14, earning a little over £3000 in stakes. H e railed by tbe Bauroto on tbe 8th. I saw Theuge tbe other day. To tbe eye be fo a good stamp of e horse, and he aeeras to be perfectly sound in his limb. He is being taken extra care of, so as to prevent the sudden change of climate knocking him up. Bis stable com panion ia Sir Garnet, who waa brought over here as ayeariiog. He has bees suffering from had feet, but ia now getting right again. Royalty, a veteran ton of Blood Royal, and wioner at the first New Zealand Grand National, has " turned hia toes up." Somnos baa left Dunedin for Wanganui, having been purchased by Mr. Paul for 200 guineas. The Hawks' Bay Jockey Club bave come out of the year'e transactions with a substantial balance on the right aide of the account, and in tbe lb tore they purpose to deal more liberally with owner in the matter of fees. Tbe Cop end Publicans' Handicaps at Cam bridge (Walkato) were carried off by Larry, a son of Dead Shot, who. a couple of seasons ago, wu merely known as a hack. He is now recog nised as a racer— Indeed he has carried off eleven stakes this season alone. Maori waa placed in both the Cambridge Races, -tmtoaly managed to get home first in the Consolation. Mr. M. Smith, of Poverty Bay, bas Added Hippodamia ssd Moons tone to his itud. Matais now located at Means. Hazlett and Stephenson's near sta bias, near the Forbury. Constitutionally, the old bone alia nothing, and Stewart Waddell, hia trainer, is not without hopes of bring able to fit him to nee again some Hiir. Allan M'Lean, of Napier, paid 135 guineas for a -seven-months' old filly fay Musket from Mersey (imp.). _ Mr. Mllner's Cock Robin best Mr. PofTa Councillor In a trotting match for £50 a-aide, at llmaru on the 27th nit. Palmhearer. the hone that ran second to Sir Bevy in tbe Derby, died on the outward voyage of the ship ffa/cimt, bound for Welliogton. Tsitroa (7aL 101b.) and Adamant (8st. 121b.) are about aqually fancied for tbe D .J.C. Birthday Handicap, run oa Lhe 24th. The favourite for the Hurdle Race ts Marksmen (8st. 01b.), though some fancy Wildboy (20st. 51b.), who bas just been bought by Mr. J. Colton, the owner of Adamant. Tbere is no interest taken io the approaching Grand National, for which Clarence bu the top weight of t3sL, but is generally conceded to bave show. Quamby (list 81b.) fo first favourite at 2 to I. So far as one can judge, there fo every proba bility or brisk business being done in New Zealand during tbe winter over the chief events of the V.R.C. Spring Meeting. In Dunedin elone n good many wager bave been already written ia the double (Derby acd Cup) book. The offer U5G0 to 6, " if not laid," though tbe feocy pick or tbe two Warwick has been backed at as short a price at £100 to 30a. Next to tbi< selection the horse geocrally taken in the doubles are the two Archies, the two Off Colours, Warwick and Navigator. Off Colour and Navigator, and Archie aad Navigator. Others that hare found friend are St. Uvwaft ad Kingsdale for the Derby, and Belmont, Tbo Plunger, aud Kingsdale far the Cup. It is already reckoned e great favour to get anything about'the two Warwick, and I expect that if this colt continues to do well he will be taken iu the Derby right and left, and coupled witbevery Cup horse that fo considered to have the ghost of a abow. During the oext few months every scrap of news from Australia will be read with eager interest here. Oudrfo and Sir Bederere are already spotted u the " good good' of the C.J.C. Derby, aod thf- re- U some <m position to support Vanguard and Leos for the New Zealand Cup, but pending the publication of the weights for the latter event there i litt'e actual business doing. The Middle Perk Company have sold July (the brother to Sir Modred) at a decent figure, and tbe colt will in future be raced hy Ted Cutts on behalf of his new owner, whose name, hy the way, is withheld. Messrs. 'Roper and Yallance, two prominent turfites, will arrive ia Melbourne about the aarae time as thfo letter. They are on a holiday trip. Coursing is now in full awing. Tbe chief mealing so far baa been tha annas! fixture of the Canterbury Coursing Club, at which tbe three stakes were each divided. The Derby was "whacked" between Mr. D. O'Brien's Obstacle (by Crichope Lion — Hiuemoa) and Messrs. Hale and Judge a Alchemist (by Borgia— Papauui) ; tbe O&ks; between Mr. Simpson's Ruay (by Spring — Aunt SaJlv) ana Mr. Boyd Thomson's Jane Armor (by Totare— Marie Stuart); and the Cbristohurch Stakes between Mr. Camp bell's Brssie Bell (by Young Ridley— Rubins) aod Messrs. Roas and Bassett'a Taraban (by Totara— Maid of Kent). Tbe Waterloo Cup is expected to fill. 