THE ESSAYIST. VARIETIES OF LITERARY FORM. II.—THE DRAMA AND THE NOVEL. [Br A Colonist of 1839.] The rules laid down by Aristotle that every tragedy properly constructed should contain but one catastrophe—should be limited to only one scene, and should be circumscribed to the action of a single day, which are -commonly called the dramatic unities, make tragedy walk in fetters indeed. To these the French school of classicists added afourth—the unity of uniformity—wihich is that in tragedy all the dramatis persona should be tragic in style, in comedy comic, and in farce farcical. All these rules Shakspeare disregarded, and -on this account among others was esteemed a barbarous author by French critics. But -although some elements of probability are . saved by the limitation of scene and of time, there must be a certain amount of taking for granted even with the most perfect scenery. The Greek action generally took place in the street or in some public place to which all the actors were brought, but the Greek chorus, so perfectly well acquainted with all the -action, yet taking no part in it, and constant in attendance on the various comers and goers of the drama, required as great an effort of imagination to accept as a lapse of time or -a change of scene. As for the uniformity of character—it is not only true that tragedy -and comedy are mixed during life, but that tragedy appears all the more tragic on account -of many of the incongruities of its surround ings, and comedy derives its strongest effects from contrast with the serious matters and -solemn characters which touch it on many -sides. Modern taste in all points tends to diverge more and more from these classic rules. As iu real fiction, the taste is for the novel rather than the romance, and for the novel of to-day, however inferior,- to the novel of a bygone generation; so in the drama, -comedies, and farces of every day life, whether -of the drawing-room or of the kitchen, comedies with such scenery we may see any day, and such dialogue as the smartest of us or the laziest of us could keep up, with a slight love plot and no raptures or extrava gances of passion take and keep hold of the public. Tragedy is no longer produced; the nearest approach to it is the melo-drama, which may be sensational or may be domestic, but which, if possible, must be made to end happily. This last is especially the characteristic of the modern British taste. The French playgoers do uot object to a tragical ending of a melo-drama. In adapting from the French or any other foreign writer more pains is taken than in a bygone generation, when the most bare-faced cribs were presented. We recollect when Mr. Crummies put down "Nicholas Nickleby" as the author of a forthcoming play to be ready on Monday, the young recruit objected to the short notice, as he had no invention, and the provincial manager said that invention had nothing to do with it. -Nicholas understood French. He had only to turn the French play into English, put his name on the title page, and the thing was done. Mr. Crummies only wished that his company understood the language, so that they could learn from the original and save the expense of translation. Nowadays the foreign character must be kept in abeyance for an English audience, the scene changed, the names Anglified, and the whole motif often altered and weakened out of respect to English words. This treatment seriously weakened the force of Sardou's Dora when anted as " Diplomacy." The novel has a wider range than the drama, and where the writer does not hamper himself as Richardson did by putting his story in the form of letters, or restrict him self to auto-biography, the omnipresent omniscient author can fly from place to place with the exigencies of his tale, listen to every conversation which has any bearing on his story, take up characters or drop them when and where he pleases—describe and •meditate and moralize at his own sweet will. An autobiographic novel is in some cases -stronger in its unity, in its intensity, and in the sense of reality which it inspires when in -vigorous hands. " Robinson Crusoe" is an instance when the personal experience of the writer is carried to the highest pitch of probability. Defoe was the first inventor of the realistic novel, but the subjects of all his others are so objectionable that the realism is scarcely a recommendation. As Mr. Minto says in his critical biography of Defoe—"The central idea of a man cast ashore on a desert island, abandoned to his own resources,- shot suddenly beyond help or counsel from his fellow creatures, is one that must live as long as the uncertainties of human life." If it had not been that the "Pilgrim's Progress" ended with death, Christian's ex perience would have been more vivid if penned in his own name than as they are recorded under the verisimilitude of a dream by an absolutely indifferent party. One sees what Bunyan might have done in this way in his autobiographical "Grace Abounding." It may surprise some serious people to see the " Pilgrim's Progress" mentioned in the same breath with novels and romances, but the scope of fiction is not different from that of allegory. In each a man of genius out of the treasure of his heart brings forth things new and old—new in their presentation, old in the eternal verities which are presented. Some novels are strongest in description; others are distinguished by dialogue as dramatic and varied as what is written for acting plays. With regard to many of the latter novels, especially if, in addition to life like conversation, they contain strong dramatic situations, there is a great temptation to dramatize them for acting plays. Walter Scott, when asked why he did not write plays, answered that he could not construct a plot. This surprised his own generation of admirers, who thought his plots as good as his treatment, bnt later criticism picks holes in the plots of many of his novels and romances; and besides, a plot which is strong enough for a novel may not have rapidity and concentration enough for an acting play. The only drama he attempted, "Halidon Hill," was a failure. But Scott's novels were dramatized, or, as he used to call it, Terryfied (because Terry was the adapter), and acted 'with fair success, and some of them with the aid of Scotch music keep their place on the boards still. Many of the plays recently acted in Ade laide have been constructed out of popular novels, sometimes by the authors, but generally by specialists with the consent of the authors. We have long held to the belief that George Eliot's works could not be dramatized for a modern audience— the lights and shades are too delicate and subtle to be apprehended by people who think themselves clever and critical, because they can see the effects of a very broad brush indeed, and revel in the " asides," which to our mind are far worse transgressions of probability than the breach of Aristotle's three unities as to action, time, and scene. The average playgoer likes no mistake as to the characters, his bad people must be "all bad, his good people perfect, cowards invariably ridiculous, bullies always cowards (which is not really the case), and the hypocrite must be of that unctuous character familiar to the English stage, where the first speech, largely aided by get-up, by voice, attitude, and gesture, shows bo clearly what he is that we cannot conceive his deceiving anybody. But the strong situation in " Silas Marner" of the little foundling Eppie, whom ho had loved and cherished, being claimed by a rich unworthy father, has been seized upon, and the character of the old man and girl pretty faithfully represented in "Daniel Druco," while the other characters and incidents are completely changed, and a more common place kind of villainy attributed to the father. "All for Her" was written by Mr. Herman Merivale on the motif of Dickens' " Tale of Two Cities," and those who were familiar with the story felt that it lost much of its power in changing the Reign of Terror for a Hanoverian putting down of a Jacobite plot. It lost too the marvellous Bastille prisoner, and the relatious of Syducy Carton toe him and to his daughter, which awoke the love so hopeless and so elevating which was "All for Her." The tendency of modern taste to object to a tragical ending led Mr. Wybert Reeve on his first presenta tion of this piece in Adelaide, contrary to his own better judgment, to alter the conclusion, to save the self-devoted victim at the scaf fold, and to marry him to the secoudary heroine, who was convenient for the purpose. But on his last season here the tragical termi nation was restored, to the great satisfaction of all good judges, and the secondary heroine, who was all through a very exasperating person, left forlorn. " George Geith" was also changed as to the termination in the play, and Beryl not allowed to die broken-hearted. lne Woman m White being English and modern, stood a need of little alteration, and as a melodrama with a happy termination it was thoroughly successful, and the more so because of the masterly impersonation of Count Fosco. An exchange of another kind took place with " The Frozen Deep," which was originally a play acted by Charles Dickens and his brilliant troupe of amateur actors, but the author, Wilkie Collins, re wrote it afterwards as a novelette. Wilkie Collins, of all novelists, shows the dramatist most strongly in his work, for whether it may be novel or play he always considers the scenic effect of the situation and the dialogue. The Christmas story which he wrote in conjunc tion with Dickens, "No Thoroughfare," was a most successful melodrama. Dickens' Christmas stories were generally dramatised immediately after their publica tion. He embodied a very just complaint in Nicholas Nickleby against the dramatist, who stole his scenes and travestied his story before it was finished, and who justified him self by saying he popularised his work. In later times he consented to be paid for per mission to bring his creations before a different public than his many readers on the boards of the London theatres It was injury as well as insult to disfigure the stolen child; and he had always strong ideas with regard to authors' copyright, and resented quite as much the American publishers of early days taking credit with him for popu larising his work over, the Great Republic without any money payment. Many people who do not read at all, delight to see a dramatised novel, such as ''Fast Lynne," "Lady Audley's Secret," "George Geith" in the way of melodrama; and Dickens' works are full of pointed aud characteristic dialogue level to the meanest capacity. His characters are somewhat exaggerated, so that there can be no mistake about them, and are so rich both in comic and in pathetic situations, that they caunot fail to please. One of his strongest points, however, is lost on the 'stage—his grotesque, his wierd, and his pathetic descriptions of places indoors and out of doors. What set scene could be so comic as his word-picture of Mrs. Gamp's room on the eve of her entertaining of Mrs. Prig, which led to the famous quarrel. Every bit of furniture has been made alive for us, from the four-post bedstead adorned with Mrs. Gamp's gowns, to the lidless bandboxes which could only extinguish the articles committed to their custody, and the chest of drawers without handles, which needed to be tilted forwards to get at their contents, or to be opened cunningly with knives like oysters. Dickens' plots were generally too loose for dramatic purposes, and we see that when his longer plays are dramatised only one portion of the plot is used. In "Jo," which Jenny Lee makes such a success, the minor character of the crossing-sweeper takes a prominence not to be found in " Bleak House." On the other hand, novelists and story tellers sometimes reproduce a drama in another form. Charles and Mary Lamb wrote "Tales from Shakspeare," Charles taking the tragedies and Mary the comedies, and leaving out the historical plays. They gave as their reason for what to many Shakspeare lovers there appeared a sort of sacrilege, that children could not understand the plays, and were not permitted to read them, but that it was a good thing for them ; to know the stories, which were interesting and constantly referred to. A more recent author has done these plays into narrative more briefly, and included the historical plays, also for children. But ill both cases several of the plays ought to have been omitted altogether, as the stories were utterly unsuited for the voung. It is singular that our first English poet, Chaucer, borrowed all his stories irom previous writers in other lands and other tongues; and Shakspeare, who, if not our first, is incomparably our greatest dramatist, does not appear to have in a single instance constructed his own fable. Mary Lamb, impatient at the number of girls in boys' clothes whom she had to deal with, said playfully to her brother that he had no in vention ; and in the matter of plot he appears to have been, to say the least, indo lent. We do not know what choice he had, but certainly the fable or plot in many cases is very weak and improbable, if not impos sible. We often wonder whether the thoughtful reader of the written plays or the receptive spectator of the acted plays has the advantage, but any one who took his ideas of Shakspeare from the stories done into prose narrative would fall woefully short of his excellence. It was the poet's triumph that by the magic of his treatment and by his dramatic dialogue, he framed the improbable borrowed story, and gave life to the old puppets, so that they live transfigured for all time in his pages. We see on the booksellers' shelves Lord Lytton's acting plays, " The Lady of Lyons," " Richelieu," " Money," and " Not so Bad as we Seem," reduced into the proportions of ordinary prose novelettes. There are stories from the Greek drama lists as well as stories from Homer, Virgil, and other classic writers, which have perhaps this excuse—that they are written for people who cannot read Greek, but in that case a complete translation would be much better for the English reader, as every perfect work of art loses from being changed in its form. In old days, " Shakspeare," being one of the few story-books in the house, intelligent children would read it at nine or ten years old, but now it is said that the dramatic form repels them, and this is the excuse for the Shakspeare tales. This cannot be the excuse for the Lytton tales, which do not profess to be meant for children, and though there are some people who never enter a theatre, they probably see as little harm in reading a play as in reading a novelette. If a drama has been conceived on right lines, and been dramatically troated, it loses as much by being translated into narra tive as a great romance loses by beiug reduced into an acting play. When Herman Meri vale's play of "The Cynic" was produced at the Globe Theatre, people said what an admirable novel it would have made. When he re-wrote it as a novel under the title of " Faucit of Baliot," those who had not seen " The Cynic," thought that if the padding was taken out of it, it had the makings of a wonderfully good play. In both cases there muBt have been something unsatisfactory in the execution of the work, if neither play nor novel was as good as the materials appeared capable of being made. In Mr. Thomas Hardy's clever novel, the " Hand of Elbelberta," he describes a hand some woman, a young widow, starting in life, not as an actress, or a reciter, or a public reader, but as a professional storyteller, and he credits her with the power of inventing her stories. This was a return to the old times, when the wandering minstrel used to tell both in prose and verse, tales of ghosts, and fairies, of saints and hermits, of knights and ladies, giants and enchanters. But the minstrel sat by the fire or on the balcony, with the listening circle round him of the Lord and the Lady, and the family and re tainers of the baronial household. We do not hear of his telling such stories at the blacksmith's forge or in the marketplace, though probably he sometimes found a humbler audience then. Ethelberta engaged a large room, and stood on a platform and aided her narration by many variations of voice and gesture, with sudden or gradual movement, so as to make it much more animated than a read book, and nearly as life-like as an acted drama. But in Mr. Hardy's story, though the novelty took greatly for a while, the public soon tired of it, and Ethelberta fell in love and married, and left her profession in time, which is the easy resource in a novel. It has often occurred to us as a happy idea, and in these days of new careers, there might be an opening for a professional storyteller with a good face, voice, and manner, who could either invent original tales or could tell and adapt the narrative of others within reasonable compass, and with dramatic effect. 