SELECTED POETRY. THE BIDE PROM THE WRECK. Br ADAM LIKDSAT GORDON. "Ttirn out boys"—"What's up with our super, to-uigbt ! Tlie man's mad—Tn-o hours io daybreak I'd swear— Stork mad—why, there isn't n glimmer of light." "Take Bolingbrokc, Alse. give Jack the young marc; Look sharp. A largo vessel lies jamm'don •the reef.- And many on board fit ill, nnd some wash'd on shore. Bide straight with the news—they mar send some relief From the township : and we—we can do little more. Ton. Alec, you know the near cuts; you can cross The 'Sugarloaf' fonl with a scramble, I think; Don't spare the blood (illy, nor yet the black horse : Should the wind rise, <.Jod help 1l:ein ! the ship will wh)11 sink. Old Peter's away down the paddock, to drive The nags to the stoctyard as fast as he can— A life and death matter; so, lads, look alive," Half-dress'd in the dark to the stockyard wc ran. There wan bridling with hurry, and saddling with haste, Confusion and cursing for lack of ftmoon *. "Be quick with those buckles, we've no time to waste " Mind the mare, Bbe can use her hind legs to some lune." " Make sure of the crossing- plncc; strike the old back. They've fenced off the new one ; look out for the boles On the Wombat Hills."" Down with the slip rails; stand back." "And ride, boys, the pair of you, ridefor your souls." In the low branches heavily laden with daw, In the long grasses spoiling with deadwood that day, Where the blackivood. the box. and the bastard oak gitw. Between the tall giimtrecs we gallopVl away— Wc ciashVI through a brush fenne. wc splash'd through a swamp— We steered for the north near " the Kaglchawk's Kent"— We bore to the left, just beyond 41 the Red Camp." And round the black tea-tree belt whcel'd io the west— We cross'd a low range sickly scented with musk From wattle-trce blossom—we skirted a march— Then the dawn faintly dappled with orange the dusk, And pcal'd overhead the jay's laughter note harali. And shot the first 6unstreak behind us, and soon The dim dewv uplands were dieamy with light, And full on our left Aaslrd " tbe reedy lagoon," And sharply " the Sngarloaf " rear'd on our right A smothered curse broke through the bushman's brown beard, He turned in his saddle, his biick-colour'd cheek Flnsh'd feebly with sundawn, said, "Just what I fear d : Last fortnight's late rainfall has flooded tic creek." Black Bolingbrokc snorted, and stood on tbe brink One instant, then deep in the dark, sluggish swirl Plunged headlong. I saw the horse suddenly sink, Till round the man's armpits the ware seem'd to curl. We follow'd,—one cold shock, and deeper we sank Than tbey did, and twicc tried the landing in rain. The third struggle won it, straight np tbe steep bank We stagger'd, then out on the skirts of the plain. The stockrider, Alee, at starting had got The lead, and kept it throughout; 'twas his boast That through thickest of scrub he could steer like a shot, And the black horse was counted the best on the coast. The mare had been awkward enough in the dark. She was eager nnd headstrong, and barely half broke: She had had me too close to a big stringrbark, And bad made a near thing of a crooked slieoak: But now on the open, lit up by the morn. She flung the white foam-flakes from nostril to neck, And chased him—1, hatless, with shirtsleeves all torn (For he may ride ragged who rides from a wreck)— And faster and faster across the wide heath We rode till wc raced. Then I gave her her head, And she—stretching out with the bit in her teeth— She caught him. outpaced him, and passed him, and led. We ncaTed the new fence; we were wide of the track; I looked light &nd; left—she had never been tried 4 At a stiff leap. Twas little he eared on the block. 4 1 You're more than a mile from the gateway," he cried. I hung to her head, touched her flank with the spurs (In the red streak of rail not the ghost of a j gap;; She shortened her long stroke, she pricked her sharp ears, She flung it behind her with haitlly a rap— I saw the post quiver where ttoliugbroke struck, And guessed at the pacc wo -had come the last mile Had blown him a bit (he could jump like a buck). We galloped more steadily then for a while. The hcith was 600Q paes'd, in the dim distance lay The mountain. Tbe sun was just clearing tite tips Of i ho r * uges to eastward. The mare—could she stay ? §he was bred very nearly as clean as Eclipse; 6he led. and as oft as he came to her side, She took the bit free and untiring as yet, Her neck was arched double, her nostrils were wide, And the tips of her tapering cars nearly met— " You're lighter than I am," said Alec at last. "The horse is dead beat and the mare is'nt blown. Bbe must be a good one—ride on and ride fast, You know your way now," So I rode on alone. Still gulloping forward we pass'd the two flocks At M'lntyxe's hut and M'Allister's hill- She was galloping strong at the Warrigal Bocks— On the Wallaby Bange she was galloping still— And over the wasteland and under tbe wood, By down and by dale, and by full and by flat, She gallop'd, and hen In the stirrups I stood To ease her, and there in the saddle 1 sat To steer her. We suddenly struck the red loam Of the track near'the troughs—then she reeled on tbe rise— From her crest to her croup covered over with loam. And blood»rcd her nostrils, and bloodshot her eyes, A dip in the dell where the wattle lire bloomed — A bend round the bank that bad shut out the view— Large framed in the mild light the mountain had loom'd With a tell, purple peak banting out bom *bC blue. I puUVl her to^eihc!', I pre&s;'d her. mid she Shot dowa the inciiiiu to.the Company's yard. And on by (lie paddocks, yet uuritir my kneo . I could feel her heart thumbing the saddleflaps hard. , 1 Yet a mile and aim! her, and now wc wax; near The jmal, and the fields and the farms flitted past. Ami "twist the two fences I turned with a cheer, For a grocn. grass-fed marc 'twas a far thing : and fns-t; j And labourers roused by her galloping hoofs, j Saw lnrc- headed rider and foam-sheeted | steed : | And shone i lie white walls and thcslatccoloureil roofs Of the towuship. 1 steadied her then—I had need— Where stood the old chapel (where stands the new church— Since chapels io churches have changed in that town). A short, sideluug st:ig?er. a long £orwaid lurch. A slight choking r ob. and ihe mare had gone down. I *li]>]iYl off he bridle. 1 slackened tho girth, I ran on and left heraml told them my news : I saw her soon aftcrwaids. What was she worth How much for her hide ? She had never worn shoes. | | 