OUR HOME LETTER. fFrom our own Corresnondent.1 London, December 1* THE RULES OF PROCEDURE. J. he House of Commons has been engaged during the last fortnight in slowly working its way through the remaining Rules of Pro cedure, and a great revolution in our Parlia mentary svstem has already been accom plished. The majority of the discussions have been tedious, not to say dull, the truth being that they give very little scope for any higher quality than perspicuity, a faculty of speech which in these days is more conspicu ous for its absence than for its presence. One of the most interesting debates was on the ninth resolution, which proposed to give in creased stringency to the Standing Order passed by Sir Stafford Northcote in 1880, for the suspension of members who disregard the authority of the Chair, or wilfully obstruct the business of the House. Unless the offence waB thrice repeated the punishment inflicted under this Order was nothing more [ terrible than suspension for a Bingle sitting. Mr. Gladstone, however, proposed to amend the rule, so that if any member was suspended J by the House his suspension on the nrst oc casion should continue for a week, on the second occasion for a month, and on the third for the remainder of the session. Sir R. Cross, who in Sir Stafford Northcote's en forced absence, acted as leader of the Opposi tion, declared that this increased stringency was "monstrous."' I feel certain that the mildness of the punishment inflicted on offenders nnder the Standing Order was cal culated to tempt some members to incur the penalty by way of a joke: but when Mr. Gladstone proposes to make the offence really penal, then the Opposition leader withholds his support, and employs language calculated to make the obstructionists believe that they are hardly dealt with. Ultimately, after much talk and numerous divisions, Mr. Gladstone proposed a reduced scale of punish ments which the House agreed to, so that che first offence will be visited with suspen sion for a week, the second for a fortnight, and the third for a month. There has been much feeling in the House against the mode in which, on a' memorable occasion, the present Chairman of Committees applied to a number of Irish members the principle of constructive obstruction. The .general opinion of the House was that the power | of collective naming should be limited to members who jointly disregarded the autho rity of the Chair; and an amendment to this effect, moved by Lord Randolph Churcbill, i was accepted by Mr. Gladstone. This was unquestionably a satisfactory arrangement, for constructive obstruction is as great an anomaly as obstructive treason. THE KILMAINHAM TREAT!'. After the House had passed the tenth rule, giving power to the Speaker to refuse to put a motion for the adjournment of the House, if | lie thinks it is made for purposes of obstruc tion, Mr. Eliot Yorke introduced into the proceedings a lively episode on the subject of the Kilmainham Treaty. I must frankly acknowledge that Mr. Gladstone had laid himself open to this attack by incautiously challenging Mir. Yorke to prove his case, Mr. Yorke seemed to be fully alive to the absurdity of Mr. Gladstone taking any notice of so insignificant a person as him: self. He said:—"The right hon. gentle- i man might have allowed him to enjoy his | laugh in the obscurity of the back benches—the monotony of which was some thing more than one could bear—instead of making a dive like a policeman into a jeering crowd and pulling him ont like a little boy by the ear into the fierce light of the Treasury bench,'.' I think that Mr. Yorke's idea of humility must have been derived from a care ful study of the character of Uriah Heep. Mr. Gladstone repeated for the hundredth time that there was no snch thing as a Kil mainham Treaty, or rather, he refused to make any further denial to men who, in the most offensive manner, perpetually' cast doubt upon hiB word. It is true that the Kilmainham Treaty never had any existence, but it is equally certain that Mr. Parnell wrote certain letters which had' the effect of opening the prison door. These letters folly justified the Government in terminating the period of his detention, and if a Tory inSead of a Liberal Prime Minister had been in power the 'result, I feel sure, would have been the same. THE GRAND COMMITTEES. Returning to the Rules of Procedure, the next most important proposal which the House was called upon to entertain was that involved in the resolution appointing two Standing Committees for the consideration of all-Bills relating to law and. courts of justice, and to trade, shipping, and manufactures, which may be committed to them respectively. Mr. Gladstone dwelt largely upon the ad vantages of the project in relieving the House itself of much detail, and in thuB enabling it to concentrate its attention on great subjects. He also anticipated that it would give to the younger members of the HouBe a larger share in the business of the country. Sir R. Gross moved an amendment to the effect that it is inexpe dient to proceed with this question during the present session. There was great contrariety of opinion as to the expediency of establish ing such Committees. Mr. Norwood, who represents the great seaport of Hull, declared that the effect of the Committees would be virtually to disfranchise those commercial constituencies which were not represented in them, and he also urged that it would be almost impossible to classify some .of the Bills, and to decide to which of the Standing Committees they should be referred. Mr. Goschen supported the proposal, but he spoke strongly against any attempt to appoint Committees of Experts or Committees of. Nationalities. Sir George Campbell is the prime mover in the latter scheme. He wants what he calls Territorial Com mittees appointed for the considera tion of Scotch and Irish business, but Mr. Gladstone declined to enter npon so wide a field, and he met with no support. There have been numerous discussions on points of. detail; and it was decided that the Committees should not sit oh Wednesdays or during morning sittings of the House, and that publicity should be given , to the pro ceedings. The House did not consider how the newspapers - are to find space for the reports;. and, indeed, I suspect that the appointment of these Committees. will lender it necessary for Parliament to consider more seriously than it baa ever yet done the ques tion'of publishing full ana-authentic reports of its debates. Mr. Gladstone was careful again and again to explain that the Com mittees were purely experimental No one can with any confidence predict how they will work. They will either relieve the congestion of the Legislature or largely add to tne ocean of talk with which the business of the country is now deluged. MR. PARNELL AND THE NEW RULE. The new rule, by which anv hon. gentle man who can induce forty members to rise in their places is able to move the adjournment of the House, was fiist put iu operation by Mr. Paniell, who, on Thursday week, thus sought to raise a debate on the Arrears Act, Ab Mr. Parnell had previously made known his intention, and indeed had negotiated with some of the Ulster and Badical members in j order to obtain their co- operation, curiosity was excited as to whether his appeal would prove successful, as he could not absolutely. qeiiend upon the support of more than twenty or thirty Home Rule members. The result exceeded his most sanguine expectations, for in a House which was by no means full, no fewer than 100 members stood up. Mr. Gladstone was intensely interested in the scene, and those who were able to scan his features expressed their belief that he looked by no means delighted at the trium phant success of the Irish leader. The effect of Mr. Parnell's action was that almost the entire sitting was devoted to a consideration of the Arrears Act. Mr. Parnell drew an alarming picture of the failure of the Act, and Mr. Gladstone just as uncompromisingly declared that he would make no further con cession on the subject. It is impossible to deny that the time of the House of Commons was well occupied. Nevertheless, it is certain thatthe rule giving to forty members power to supersede the business on the paper and to start au entirely new discussion, is an ex periment which may prove most injurious to public business; and I know that Mr. Gladstone takes a serious view of the matter, which certainly will not be diminished by what happened on Tuesday last. On that evening, as not only forty members, but all the representa tives of the Opposition in the House rose in their places, Mr. Gibson was enabled to criticise the conduct of the Government in putting an end to the system of Court valuers, which has been found to work so unsatisfactorily in Ulster in connection with the administration of the Land Act, The Government were fairly open to the taunt of having abandoned the system under the inflnenee of the pressure brought to bear upon them by their Ulster supporters, but. at the same time it is unquestionably true that in many cases the mode of valuation adopted by the new officials completely neutralized the advantages of the Land Act to the tenants. The Government have wisely retraced a false step. LORD SALISBURY IN SCOTLAND. Lord Salisbury has done bis best during tlie past week to revive the energies and to im part courage to the councils of the Conserva tive party in Scotland. The fact that the Liberal Town Council of Edinburgh had decided to pay the Marquis the compliment of presenting him with the freedom of the city did not prevent him from making a Bpeech, which displayed all the characte ristics of his peculiar style. That Lord Salis bury should attack Mr. Gladstone is natural enough, and that he should make that states man responsible for all that has happened in Egypt and in Ireland is also to be expected. But surely only a fantastic spirit of malv nity could have prompted him to fasten on Mr. Bright the responsibility of the bombardment of Alexandria. Lord Salis bury, after referring to what he called "the curious fact" that only once in the history of this country had a Quaker been a member of the Cabinet, declared' that it was also " a very remarkable fact that when the order was given to bombard that commercial city that Quaker was in the Cabinet." There was no order given to bombard the City of Alexandria, but authority was sent to Ad miral Seymour to bombard the fortB in certain eventualities. Mr. Bright disapproved of the order, and resigned in consequence; and Lord Salisbury's suggestion that Mr. Bright was a party to the [bombardment only de monstrates—what, indeed, all the world knew before—that he is incapable of acting fairly to a political opponent. Lord Salis bury also instituted a parallel between what be did in Afghanistan and what Mr. Gladstone has done in Egypt. It would be unreasonable to cavil at this kind of argu ment, bnt in one respect, at all events, his attempt to- institute a - parallel misses its mark. Wholesale And indiscriminate execn-' tions took place at Kabul/' H6 cannot pre-' tend that similar deeds -have been committed; in Egypt, or that the British Cabinet have shown any desire to allow the Khedive to execute summary vengeance on Arabi Pasha or his associates. Lord Salisbury is a reck less rhetorician. Even on such an occasion as the presentation to Lady Dalkeith of tho portrait of her husband he seemed unable to divest himself of that attribute. The occa sion might have been expected to stimulate the gentler qualities of his nature. Unfortu nately it seemed to have the contrary effect, and to stir all the rancour of his disposition. THE UNIVERSITY ELECTION. ' Before the polling for Cambridge Univer sity took place much interest was felt in the election, and for a day or two it seemed as if the contest between Mr. Raikes and Pro fessor Stnart was likely to be fought out on something like equal terms; but when it became manifest that the Liberal vote was practically exhausted, and that the Conser vative candidate was polling almost three to one more than his opponent, the public-voted that the election was a hollow affair, and took veiy little further interest in it. As I said in my last, if the result had depended on the votes of the resident Professors and tutors— upon those who give to the University its great academic reputation — Professor Stuart _ would have been elected; but liberalism is. at a very low ebb among the country clergy, and the alteration of the law which enables them to fill np their voting-papers and to send them by post is a convenience by which they are not slow to profit. Mr. Baikcs is hardly likely to be disturbed with another contest during the remainder of his Parliamentary life, and as for Professor Stuart, there can be no doubt that when a general election tabes place half .a dozen constituencies will be eager to return him as their representative. The late election has, I think, definitely settled one point of great interest. Two Conservative peers— Lord Raleigh and Lord Henniker—voted for Mr. Raikes; the Liberals at once challenged the right of these peers to vote, and the Vice-Chancellor, after obtaining the opinion of Mr. Horace Davey, Q.C., decided that under the common law peers were not entitled to vote at a University election. . TEE LONDON SCHOOL BOARD. The School Board elections have passed off without any- excitement, or indeed any marked display of interest on the partof the ratepayers of- London; The ghost" of the religions difficulty' was revived, and the so •called religionB candidates also nailed the rag of "economy^' to the mast. Several of the clerical candidates have been elected, but the ratepayers have shown their good sense by returning a majority which will on the whole maintain what is called the policy of the School Board—that is, a policy of unseotarian religious instruction ana of efficiency, com bined with economy. If there had been the least danger of the reversal of this policy the ratepayers would, I think, have inflicted upon ' the clerical party a much more crushing defeat than they have yet sustained. Two or three interesting facts connected with the elections are worthy of notice. One is the return in the Westminster division of l)r. Aveling, the Agnostic, and a warm supporter of Mr. Braalaugh. Dr. Aveling is the eldest son of the well-known Congregational minister of that name; hut he has, unhappily, allied himBelf with the most advanced advocates of " free thought." But for the cumulative vote he might nave whistled for an opportunity of getting on the London School Board. Perhaps, however, it is as well that one or two men of his opinions should be there, especially as the Secularists are for the most part in favour of free schools. Another advocate of free schools, although not a Secularist, has been elected in the person of Mr. John Lobb, Editor of the Christian Age, who came in for the Hackney division at the head of the poll. Miss Helen Taylor, daughter-in- law of Mr. John Stuart Mill, again heads the poll in Southwark. Her Eubuc career during the last three years has een a strong one. As an opponent of the policy of the Board she has been brought much into collision with her colleagues, who n-ould gladly have dispensed with her ser vices on the Board. But she has made herself the idol of the working classes of Southwark, and. at the eame time coquetted so successfully with the Irish party that she obtained their vote, to the exclusion of the Roman Catholic candidate. Perhaps the strongest election of all was at Ureenwich, where Mr. Hughes, the well-known election agent—one of the heroes of Sandwich—by means of the cumula tive vote shot far ahead of all competitors. It remains to be seen what this astute agent of tbe Tory party will do, or attempt to do, on the School Board. ENGLISH WORKING MEN IN PARIS. While the working men whose names are on the ratebooks of the metropolis have been busily engaged in endeavouring to return to the London School Board candidates of the calibre of Dr. Avelingand Miss Helen Taylor, a deputation of - Trades Unionists have crossed the English Channel in order to fraternize in Paris with the Socialists, whose head-quarters are at Belleville. Messrs. Shipton, Smith, and Parnell were the representatives of _ the English workmen. Mr. Shipton is the Editor of the Labour Standard, an organ of English Democratic opinion. It is impossible to identify Mr. Smith, and of Mr. Parnell it is enough to say that he must not be con founded with the Irish leader of that name. It is difficult to make any sense at all out of the proceedings which took ulace in connec tion with "the banquet of 500 covers" at Belleville. Praise . of the Commune was mingled with denunciations of the Napoleon Column in the Place Vandome, and invectives against " capital" and "capitalists" alter nated with eulogies of the Channel Tunnel, whose chief enemies were declared to be the military - classes in England. I greatly sus pect that the mission of English Trades Unionists to Paris has more to do with the Channel Tunnel scheme than anything else, and that " the fraternization of the peoples," of which so" much was Baid at Belleville, is really intended to prepare the way for a demonstration in favour of Sir Edward Watkin's great enterprise. EGYPT. Lord Dufferin is making himself master of the situation in Egypt, and is preparing a scheme of native administration which, with out involving any revolutionary changes, will establish the principle of Egypt fqp the Egyptians. He is especially applying himself to the problem of effecting a permanent im provement in the condition of Hie fellaheen; and he is also doing everything in his power to prevent the authorities from wreaking vengeance on_ their_ political prisoners. He has shown no intention to interfere with the steps which the Egyptian Government are taking to restore their authority in the Soudan. If unaided by ourselves they are able to re-establish order in that distant pro vince so much the better, but, acting under instructions from his Government, he is determined that the abolition of the Blave trade shall not depend npon the ability of the Khedive to maintain the fragile tenure;of his power in a. country so remote from the seat of government. In other words, -the English Cabinet has made units mind that the days of slavery in Egypt shall be numbered. They will not be satis fied with any mere registration of slaves, such as General Gordon has proposed, but will require the Khedive to abolish the legal status of the slave class in his dominions. If this great work is accomplished the slave trade in the Soudan ana elsewhere -will receive its death blow. Under the influence of Lord Dufferin the Khedive has expressed his willingness to cede to Abyssinia the port of Massowah. The Saltan has refused his consent, but his will is no longer law. The Abyssinians are entitled to a port, and if they obtain Massowah, not only will their chief grievance against Egypt be settled, but civilization in their ancient Christian king dom will be greatly promoted. THE FRENCH AND MADAGASCAR. The French seem to be within a measurable distance' of war with Madagascar. For a long time past the French agents in the island have been carefully preparing the ground for a quarrel. The Malagasy are very reluctant to concede to foreigners the right to acquire the fee- simple of the land. 3 hey argue that many of the natives aro poor, ana would part with their land for a scng, and that thus the country would ulti mately pass into the hands of foreigners. The French demand that they should be able to purchase land in Madagascar with as much facility as in France; but manifestly this is not a casus belli. The French, although content _ to play a very very small part in European politics, are determined to extend their power in regions where they can do bo with the least amount of risk to themselves. They have, therefore, decided to claim a protec torate rfver the northern and north-western coasts of Madagascar, which are inhabited by the Sakalavas, a congeries of tribes who are supposed—although I believe wrong fully—to be disaffected towards the Hova Government. The French profess to have made a treaty with the Sakalavas in the year 1840, but they have not published its text, and there is no reference either to it or to any rights which it presumably conferred upon France in the treaty concluded between the two Governments in 1868. When the Malagasy authorities found that these claims were being pressed upon them in the most sinister manner .by the French naval com mandant and the French Consul, they very wisely sent an Embassy to Paris to endeavour to settle all their difficulties with the French Government. They appointed as the chief envoy Ravonahitriniarivo, their Minister for Foreign Afiairs. THE MALAGASY ENVOYS. The two Envoys have spent several miser able weeks in Paris. The French Govern ment would yield nothing. Tbeir demands were embodied in a convention which every few days wob placed before the Envoys for their signature. The latter repeatedly de clined to sign it. It they had signed it they would not nave retained their beads upon their shoulders when they returned to their own country. Still the French pressed, and on Monday last they sent to the Am bassadors several officials from the French Foreign Office, as it turned out, for the last time. The Malagasy again declined, whereupon one of the Frenchmen, who professed'to act on behalf of his Govern ment, opened the window of the apartment which the Ambassadors occupied at the hotel, and deliberately hauled in the Malagasy flag. A greater insult could not have been offered to the sacred office of an Ambassador, and I am glad to say that the Envoys acted with the spirit due to their position and to the gallant people they represented. They quitted the hotel without a moment's delay, and leaving their Secretaries to bring their lug gage, they took the next train to Boulogoe, en route tor England. They reached London on Tuesday night, and were ovetjoyed to find themselves in the capital of a free country. I saw them a day or two after their arrival. They are both dark men, with regular fea tures, and a frank, cheery manner. The younger one speaks English without much difficulty, and both are converts to the Chris tian religion. DEPUTATION TO LORD GRANVILLE. Their arrival in London—especially under the peculiar circumstances which I have described—gave increased importance to the deputation from the Madagascar Committee which waited upon Lord Granville at the Foreign Office on Friday last. That deputation included between thirty and forty members of Parlia ment, representatives of nearly all the religious Societies in London, and a large number of merchants interested in the trade of Madagascar and Mauritius. The spokes men of the committee included their Chair man, Mr. Alexander McArthur, M.P. for Leicester, Mr. W. E. Forster, M.P., Sir Henry Barkly> Bishop Ryan, Sir John Hay, and Sir Harry Vethey. ' Lord Granville, whose rising was greeted with warm applause, made "a' very cautious speech. Nevertheless he made a statement which had a most important bearingon one part of the case of the deputation. With regard to the Xirotectorate which the French now claim to exercise over a large portion of the island, he said that be was not aware of any treaty that fives such a right to France. I believe that the treaty bas no existence whatever, and the story that the French ever concluded one with the Sakalavas was merely concocted for the purpose of giving a Bhow of legality to an act of filibustering. I have just seen a mis sionary from the part of the coast claimed by the French, and he declares that the people are perfectly loyal to the Queen. Her Majesty, I may add, is married to her Prime Minister, who is described by Admiral Gore Jones as a man of extraordinary ability, IRELAND. The question of the state of Ireland is re solving itself into the question of the condi tion of Dublin. The increased vigilance of the authorities in the provinces, the greater courage of the people who have hitherto been afraid to speak out, and the alarm excited by the recent coital convictions have all con spired to intimidate the ruffians who, acting as agents of the secret Societies, have been accustomed to commit murder with impunity. They have been driven into Dublin, where they have apparently entered into an alliance with Hie criminal classes. The detective force of Dublin bas of late been largely in creased, and a watch kept on houses and streets which are suspected of affording places of rendezvous for persons concerned in recent Fenian crimes. On Saturday night a party of six armed detectives, divided to avert sus picion into two groupB of three, were engaged in observing the movements of half a dozen individuals whom they believed to be mem bers of a secret Society, and had followed them as discreetly as might he through several streets, when suddenly, hard by the Nation newspaper office in Abbey-street, the gang came to a full stop and confronted the police party. Constable Eastwood saw that the foremost man had a revolver in his hand, and desired his nearest colleague, Constable Cox, to take that person into custody; but. before the order could be obeyed, the man deliberately advanced to within a yard of poor Cox, took aim. and shot him through the head. The constables, who carried arms, at once fired in return, and a brisk interchange of blows and shots took place, during which a soldier came to the aid of the police, the assailant of Cox was severely wounded, and another of the gang named Devine was secured, with two revolvers upon him. The remainder of the ruffian band ran away, not knowing, it is thought, that only half the de tective party possessed deadly weapons. The wounded constable was quite dead ere he reached the hospital, but his murderer (agas-, fitter by trade, named Christopher Dooley), though badly hurt, is-likely to recover. A tailor named Poole, who is believed to have been concerned in a previous murder, has been arrested as one of the gang in question, and told a stoiy representing himself as an intended victim, which is not believed. Devine is a man of very low and dissipated habits. ATTACK ON A JURYMAN. The public bad not recovered from the shock catieed by this frightful scene when a still more sensational crime was committed. The Juror class have hitherto escaped the vengeance of secret assassins, but they now seem marked ont for attack. On Monday evening Mr. D. J. Field, a stationer in Dublin, who was one of the Jury who tried Michael Walsh for murder, was returning home from business, and had nearly reached his own door in a quiet street, when he was attacked from behind by two men, and stabbed five separate times in the back, arm, and throat. His assailants ran away npon the appearance on the scene of two laas, and, mounting a car in waiting at the corner of the street, were driven off at a rate too rapid for the successful pursuit of the pedesttians j who followed. It nas been remarked that no policeman turned up on the route pursued by the car, and no doubt a strict enquiry will be made into the truth of this statement. A large reward has been offered for the capture of theBe hitherto unknown miscreants, whose identification would seem to be almost hope less, since their faces were not distinctly ! seen by any of those who saw either their attack or their flight. It is supposed that attention may have been concentrated upon Mr, Field, as distinguished from other persons on Walsh's trial, because he passed a note np to the High Sheriff touching a mere personal matter oF momentary interest, but which occasioned some comment in one of the Dublin papers. There is great sympathy for the unfortunate gentleman among his townspeople, and the Queen, with charac teristic sympathy, has telegraphed to make enquiries as to Mb condition. davitt's last speech. The delivery of an inflammatory harangue by Michael Davitt in the Market- square of Havan has caused renewed attention to be Said to the proceedings of that individual. n Sunday last he said that if the -tenant farmers of the WeBt continued to pay rent that should go to feed their children they deserved to die, and he nroposed, in case Mr. Gladstone did not apply the surplus of the arrears estimate to save the people, that no rent.should he paid till next May. He heaped anathemas upon Irish landlordism.^ " Let it perish," be said, '* while the execrations of the aamnedformeditsfittingrequiem.andmaythe hate and vengeance that had been bom of its accursed' acts, and that have defamed the character of this old Christian land, sink with it into the depths of an infamous and everlasting oblivion." This is tolerably strong; but it appears from an answer given by Mr. Trevclyan, the Chief Secretary for Ireland, to Sir W. H. Dyke, in the House of Commons last evening, that Mr. Davitt's speech does not come within the scope of the Prevention of Crimes Act, and that it is also not indictable. Nevertheless, he announced that the Government intended to bind Mm and Mr. Healey over to good behaviour, or commit them to prison in default. The Irish Executive are observing the utmost deter mination to cmsh out tne spirit of lawless ness which is now reasserting itself. The City of Dublin has been placed under what is known as the curfew clause of the Preven tion of Crimes Act, whereby the police have I lower to arrest suspicious persons wno may ie seen out of their places of abode after fone hour later than sunset, or at any time before sunrise. The complaint, however, is that the Dublin police are too weak in numbers for the work they are called upon to perform. ANOTHER OLD MANSION DESTROYED. The destruction by fire of Clevedou Court, the country seat of Sir Arthur Hallam Elton, is another of those calamities of too frequent occurrence in this country, which may be described as "measureless." because they are irremediable. Sir Arthur's title only dates from the early part of the eighteenth century, liutsome parts of his family mansion were erected so far back as the reign of Edward 1IL, and the remainder is of Tudor origin. For several days previous to the con flagration there had been a smell of fire in the house, but every effort to trace it to its source entirely failed. Under these circum stances common sense would have seem to have dictated the immediate extinc tion of every fire in the house and a careful examination of the chimneys by a competent mechanic. Time passed on, and early on Monday morning a servant who entered a room near the library found it in flames. It is hardly necessary to tell the rest of the story. The servants did their best to extinguish the fire with the aid of buckets of water, but there was no fire-engine on the premises, and a high wind was blowing, so that " the devour ing element," as the reporters call it, had it all its own way, and a fragment of antiquity —as unique of its kind as Ingestre Hall—was completely destroyed with the exception of the south front and the {great hall, where, however, much mischief was doue. Sir Arthur is a nephew of Hallam, the his torian. He at one time gave some promise of being a successful public man, but for many years past he has lived in retirement. A SERIOUS RAILWAY ACCIDENT. The fall of a railway bridge at Fyvie, on the Great North of Scotland Railway, adds a new terror to railway travelling. The bridge gave way in the midst of a storm of snow and rain. Five persons were instantly killed, and many others sustained serious ityuries. The Company, we are informed, have provided " handsomely mounted eoffiuB" for the dead bodies. It is doubtless very kind of them, but the public would be glad'to be able to dispense with such marks of courtesy on the . part of the railway authorities. It is said that the people of the locality have long been under the impression _ that this particular Vknrlrra Itnn »' flottr" in if. Tf. l'a mom'tnaf , bridge had a flaw" in it. It is manifest that railway bridges as much require inspec tion as our old manor houses. TEE NEW COMIC OPERA. Last Saturday night witnessed the pro duction of another of those fascinating absur dities by Messrs. Gilbert & Sullivan which are among the most successful inventions of these days. I any "inventions" advisedly, for " Pinafore," " Patience," and the rest of that family are works modelled both musi cally and dramatically upon an original plan, and stand in much the same relation to other English operas that "Alice in Wonderland" does to stories, whetqer comic or serious, written frcm any ordinary and human stand point. The new piece is entitled " lolaathe, or the Peer and the Peri," .and when, I men tion that its dramatis persona are furies on the one hand, arid members of the House of Lords, with the Lord Chancellor at their head, on the other, it will be easy to understand that Mr. Gilbert s libretto reaches a climax of amusing incongruity, beyond which even his eccentric or fanciful humour can scarcely cany him. Iolanthe is an eminent fairy, who having twenty-five years ago married the Lord Chancellor—a capital offence according to the code of Fairyland—has been con demned to the milder punishment of stand ing on her head at the bottom of the sea. Being at length pardoned by her Queen she comes back to the living world and rqjoins her Bon Strephon, a shepherd of the Arcadian model, who, having a mixed parentage, is a fairy through half his, body, but possesses ■nAMfol lnm unfli "ra^inol fnnilnnniaa " VTn mortal legs with "radical tendencies.". He is in love with Phyllis, an Arcadian shep herdess and ward in Chancery; but the widowed Lord Chancellor, who has conceived an admiration for hie lovely proMgie, forbids the match, whereupon Strephon calls his family band of immortelles or fairy aunts to his aid, goes into Parlia ment, and threatens the. HouBe of Peers with all manner of dire reforms, includ ing that of being compelled to *' sit through the grouBe and salmon season," and having their highest titles thrown open to competi tive examination. But eventually it tran spires that each fairy has privately resigned her wand and married one of the peers she was sent to plague, and as the Queen cannot calmly contemplate the condign punishment of the entire troop she is reduced-to the necessity of revoking the law they have broken. At the same time the Lord Chan cellor discovers the existence of his long-lost wife in lolanthe, whose supernatural beauty is proof against the ravages of time, and his consent to the anion of Strephon and Phyllis is thns obtained without further difficulty. This Blight and absurd plot serves as the vehicle for a number of satirical songs in Mr. Gilbert's most sparkling vein, and for a still greater number of witty gibes and jokes, tending to bring mere pageantry and rank worship into contempt. The first entrance of the Lord Chancellor—played to admiration by Mr. Grossmith—in full robes, followed by tne peers, coroneted, starred, and gartered, is a wonderfully effective piece of mock solemnity, assisted by a capital march and a chorus beginning," Bow, bow, ye lower middle classes; bow, bow, ye tradesmen; bow, ye masses;" and the opening of the second act, where the peers and their fairy partners dance and converse in Palace-yard, Westminster, is an irresistibly droll concert. The piece bids fair to scoie a tremendous success. THE GREAT LIBEL CASE. For some time the Belt libel case was as good as a play, but the proceedings are bo in- ! terminable that public interest has begun to i flag. The most noteworthy features in the evidence of the last fortnight are the exami nation of Mr. Verheyden, the principal wit ness for the defence, and the appearance in the witness-box of Monsignor Capel, who has come from Rome to give his testimony in favour of the genuineness of Verlieyden's diary, which is a very important link in the evidence of that person. Verheyden's story, as told by himself, is a very curious one. He is incontrovertible an accomplished artist, educated at Louvain, jvhere he gained many prizes both for drawing and modelling, in cluding a fivey ears' annuity or scholarship of about £30. He came to England from Paris when the war in 1870 broke out, and six years later made the acquaintance of Mr, Belt, by whom he was. he alleges, speedily employed to make portrait drawings for which that gentleman got the credit, and the needy Belgian received hard cash, which to him, he being a married man with two children, wae for tbe time more valuable than fame. His competition, in Belt's name, for the Byron memorial was, he says, an outcome of these prior transactions, and this statue was the first thing which he not only drew but modelled for his employer, who thereafter used him freely for sculpture work. But while Mr. Verheyden was, as he puts it, content to forego fame for the sake of his family's present comfort, he yet looked forward to possible contingencies, and kept a journal in which he set down with scrupulous exactness the natare of every hour's work done for his confiding friend, and flanked the memoranda with entries of the pre cise sums received for each particular Siece. There is a peculiarity about this iary on which the plaintiff's counsel, in his cross-examination, laid great BtresB. The dates are frequently at variance with the days of tbe week written beside them, and it has been shown in particular that all the day names used for the journal of 1879 correspond not to that year, but to 1881. Mr. Belt's counsel are of course hereupon seeking to upBet the genuineness of the record. Monsig nor CapePs evidence was therefore heard with great anxiety on both sides. His testi mony, however, is not conclusive. He deposes todrawingupastatementofVerheyden'sclaim against Mr. Belt in December, 1880, and to having the journal left in bis hands for twenty-four hours that he might refer to it for guidance. He has a distinct recollection of the principal events set down, and con siders that the ink and writing bore witness of separate and distant periods. This proves that the journal was extant eighteen months before the present trial began, but doeB not touch the question—Was it really written from 1876 to 1879 ? 