RETRIBUTION. A TRUE STOET FOR CHRISTIAN HOMES. From the Christian at Work. CHAPTER XXXYI.—(Continued.) Adams and Fanshaw had in their minds' eye a dilapidated hut on the other side of the Channel, which they agreed in thinking might be taken as the terminating point of the exact line of the route it was necessary to go. Keeping to that, and stopping in mid channel, would, they were firmly convinced, enable them to turn round and'drop down easily upon the ship; or at least to get so near as to hear some signal which the ship would be sure to be giving out from time to time. How then to keep that imaginary line between the alehouse and the hut on the other side of the broad Channel, which promised to resolve for them all their difficulties, but which was as invisible to them as if it bad been a thousand miles away ? There was but one mode, and that of the vaguest character, but still their only one, which circumstances seemed to favor and make promising. For, first, they knew at starting the right direction. And, secondly, the sea was as calm as an inland river, and would exercise no disturbing influence on their proposed method. This was so to measure the exact squareness of their forms to the direction sought, and to the line of the rudder, as they sat in the boat; so to measure the precise equality and effect of stroke of each oar to its fellow, and of the one pair to the other pair ; so to keep rigidly fixed in their minds the idea of the direction, that—these influences taken altogether—might, while using the tide and the current as instruments for obtaining a certain amount of general information, enable them to avoid being moved out of the appointed course by the strength of their flow. The helmsman was the chief owner of the boat. Sitting squarely to the men at the oars, and keeping his eye fixed on an imaginary line drawn straight through their centres, he undertook to keep the rudder immovable in the line indicated. "Will you please, sir," said Adams, addressing the shipowner, " to time us, as we start, and be ready to say how long we have been, whenever we may want to know ?" " All right!" responded Mr. Anderson, taking out his watch, putting it to his ear, and looking carefully at it, by standing up to get the benefit of a lighted lantern hung from the sailless mast; and which shed just that kind of light above and below that the poet so finely characterizes as making "darkness visible." He then sat down, holding the watch in his hand. Oavs carefully poised, the rudder in line, and every preparation made, Fanshaw looked at Adams and Adams looked at Fanshaw, each to see if the other was perfectly ready ; not by their faces—the fog was too thick for that —but by the general expression of the form and attitude, for they wished to avoid words; Fanshaw having of course warned his companion of his desire to remain unknown, and even unnoticed by the shipowner. " Ready !" said Adams and away they went with slow, measured movement, which became like a piece of clockwork in its monotonous regularity. Two of the men began to talk. " Silence 1" said Mr. Anderson in a stern voice. He, at least, knew and appreciated the difficulties and dangers of the position ; and saw how the slightest disturbing influence might upset the reckoning of the boat's course, and leave any recovery of it hopeless. Why had he exposed himself—and seemingly with so little necessity—to the risk he ran ? Why had he not been content to stand safely on the firm shore, and see his men embark, as was their duty, on the unstable element, and under such peculiar conditions of hazard ? The shipowner could hardly have answered those questions with entire satisfaction. He was undoubtedly a brave man, physically speaking. He was also a man proud of his position and authority, as a large employer of labour. Both these considerations had tempted him to-night to act as he did. But tossing constantly in his secret soul between the career he had led and the very different career he meant to lead, after securing, as he believed he had secured, pecuniary safety and competence; and unable to shut out of sight the fact that this expedition which he was personally seeing off, undoubtedly belonged to the former category, he felt a kind of satisfaction in sharing some of its risks; and the very doing so seemed, in some undefinabje s^rt of way, not only to redeem himself, but the ship also, from the darker and more sinister aspects of the case. Time passed on, and neither of the two men showed any relaxation of the fixed posture as regards the point they rowed for, or the equal force of the oars on each side, even though it was evident to the shipowner, when quite half an hour had passed, that the tension on the brain and nerves must be painful even if only because each man felt how dangerous as well as how necessary the prolonged effort was. To change hands was out of the question; and yet the same hands might be half consciously losing sometliing of grasp, something of definite aim, and so letting the boat drift downwards out of the right line. Two of the men 6oon dropped asleep, knowing not whether their next waking moments might not be their last. Two others were father and son, the owners of the boat, quiet, silent persons, who bad made a capital bargain for the job, were content with it, and took the danger as only an accompaniment of the pay, and as a thing they had too often faced to be afraid of now. But all the other persons were waiting in Bilent anxiety and suspense. The natural risks and difficulties of the tasks engrossed their minds so completely, that they forgot, or did not care to remember, that dangers of a much more formidable character might assail them. They were to be unpleasantly shaken out of their indifference, by the consciousness that they were not the only things moving on the face of the waters to-night. First one heard, then another, the faint muffled sound of a bell in the distance, or what seemed to be distance. But it presently occurred to all of tliem that sound coming through such an atmosphere was no reliable measure of the space between; and that some vessel, sweeping on right across their path, might be already so near as to make their destruction only an affair of minutes. Was it their own ship—the Polar Star ? They knew not. And if it were, the fact did not make the prospect of being run down by it a bit more agreeable. To shout was as yet obviously futile; und as to the lantern, they felt in the bitterness of their hcartB, as if its light was barely stronger than sufficed to let them see it themselves. The bell was heard coming nearer, and then the shrill whistle of a steamer. It was not, then, the Polar Star. " Shall we all raise a great, shout ?" asked John Anderson, showing then, for the first time, some agitation in his tone. " No use, as yet, sir! The wind's the other way—such little on it as there is," said Adams. " Mind the stroke, think of nothing else," cried the voice of Adams' mate out of his throat-muiller. These were the first words the shipowner remembered to have heard from the silent man; whose manly behaviour and seeming docility had very favourably impressed him. " All right, mate," responded Adams, cheerfully; but feeling he might have done damage to their course in that forgetfuluess which his conscience told him he had been guilty of during the last minute or two. Still nearer and more loudly sounded the bell and screaming whistle, one alternating with the other, though no light could yet be seen. They began to hope the vessel was passing them a little way off, but after a few minutes a faint gleam caught the quick eye of Fanshaw, and the moment lie saw it he warned Adams, who shouted: " They are coming right across us !" Again warned by Fanshaw, he said, " Hush ; no moving. Keep quiet and still, all of you. I'll give you the signal in a one— two—three—and then let fly your sweet voices all together in a yell that shall split the fog and their ears! Ready ?" " Ay—ay," was echoed on all sides. " One—two—three! Now !" They obeyed ; and a loud, prolonged roar arose,' which all hoped would be heard by the advancing steamer. In deep silence and suspense they listened for signs of success. The vessel, however, seemed to be moving on in sublime indifference to all affairs but its own ; and as if content to know it was carefully keeping the bell and whistle going, and therefore if things weren't right—why —they ought to be. " Again, ladscricd Adams, obeying Fanshaw's low muttered words and gestures. " They must hear this time." So again with all their hearts, and witli all their strength of lungs, the endangered men of the boat sent forth their prolonged wild cry of alarm and warning into the still thickcning darkness. But the bell and whistle Bcemed to have taken sole possession of the realms of air and fog, and nothing else was permitted to be heard. No attempt to escape by manccuvcring could be of avail. They could not see the ship even yet with any certainty. It was the light, and the light alone, they saw—an extra one apparently, hung low on the bows, as if to shed its feeble rays in advance of the ship's path through the waters. To stand still, therefore, or to go back would be just as dangerous as to keep on; besides throwing them entirely out of their reckoning, which, vague as it was, was still their main reliance. But that extra light suggested new hope. Perhaps some one watched that path, not as expecting to see a boat in it full of men, but to guard against running down any empty craft, or small sailing vessels lying at anchor. But if so, surely he ought to hear them now < At last the steamer became dimly visible, with the light in its centre, low down, and a glow high up in the air, which came, no doubt, from the funnel. Destruction was certain, escape hopeless, if those on board did not arrest or change their course. Then, no longer remembering anything but the imminence of the danger, Fanshaw and Adams stopped their oars; and, waiting neither to give or receive directions, every man in the boat sent up a fierce, despairing cry. Xliey were heard and replied to. "Keep where you are!" shouted a powerful voice. Then the steamer's course was changed, the engines reversed, and in a few minutes boat and steamer, feeling cautiously for each other, were alongside. " You've chosen a pretty night to go about in search of adventures!" cried the voice they had before heard, and which was no other than the captain. "We're seeking the Polar Star!" cried Adams. " They're short o' hands, and we were to meet the ship hereabouts." " The Polar Star ? what, that rotten old hulk of Jack Anderson's P That big coffin, which yet isn't big enough to hold all the ghosts of the victims that " " Captain Sharman !" cried an excited voice from the boat, " I know you ; you shall smart for this!" There was a momentary silence before the voice was again heard, as if its owner deliberated a little on this unexpected circumstance. But if so he soon resolved to use the opportunity in the spirit already shown: Aha, Johnny Anderson, are you there ? I'm off to Bombay, my boy. Send there after me, and I'll tell as many folk as you like a pretty tale." They knew then by the sound of liis voice in giving directions to go on, that he bad turned away; and in a minute or two the boat was again alone on the waters and in the dense fog. John Anderson felt it impossible to speak at once to the men about him, even if he could think of anything to say likely to benefit him. He was choking with a kind of blind rage. It was as if he were in the very climax of some horrible dream, from which he must wake presently, and discover in the blessedness of his relief he had been simply suffering from a nightmare. It was too disgusting, too atrocious, to be received as a matter of fact, and of waking, active life. But he knew the man only too well. Sharman had been his captain some year or two ago, and been discharged for misconduct, and this was his revenge. Of course the captain could have had no suspicion of the possibility of the shipowner's being there, in the boat below, to hear his words, and to taste the rankness of the poison contained in them; or he would probably have held his tongue, or used it in a more measured way. But, taking this for granted, the unhappy man felt it involved no consolation for him. The incident brought home to him, in a terrible manner, the sense of what it was to have enemies moving about in all parts of the world, and saying such things about him. He felt sick to the very soul. Of course, the fact of his presence among the men kept them silent. But he knew well they must be only thinking the more disagreeably about the vessel they were in search of, and which was to be their home for so many months. " Come, lads," said John Anderson, at last, though his tongue seemed to cleave to the roof of his mouth, and his words to sound strange to his own ears, " I forgive this foul-mouthed rascal his personal insolence in consideration of his care in saving your lives and mine." " Ay, ay, master—that's right!" cried Jack Adams; and others echoed his cry. " Ay, ay, master, that's right enough, anyhow." " But now," said the shipowner, " what's to be done ? You 've lost your reckoning through this affair, of course ?" " Well, sir, it's hard to say. I kept position as well as I could, and so has my mate; but wlule we were quiet the tide wasn't, and we must have drifted down a little. We'll do our best to allow for that, and try on." Presently one of the new hands called out, loudly, " Avast there!" They were entering among quite a little fleet of fishing-smacks, which, on their way down Channel, had anchored on account of the fog. At one and the same moment that they saw the wierd shadowy-looking masts rising above them, they were going—bump, bump, bump—against one and another of the fishing-smacks, while all hands were extended to I guard the boat as far as possible from the impending collisions. Sleepers were roused from their sleep by the shocks, and oaths and angry expletives of all kinds let fly at the disturber : but peace was made again when explanations were given, as before, that they were new hands in search of the Polar Star which must sail to-night. The fishermen had seen nothing of the ship. No doubt she had come down when it was too dark for them to see her on account of the fog. This meeting enabled them, however, to recover their course by the information they received. Yet, in spite of that, they felt as they got clear of the fishing smacks that their undertaking had become well-nigh hopeless. They were losing spirit, losing hope, losing faith. The narrow escape from the steamer had shaken them a good deal. Then the fearful vista of the life or death they were running into, in embarking onboard the Polar Star —if Captain Sharman's words meant anything—naturally disinclined them to run fresh risks in order to reach so undesirable a birth. The men began to talk in low tones among themselves, and presently one of them was commissioned by the rest to urge the shipowner to give up the present attempt, and let them try to get back. "Land,you see, sir," said he with unanswerable logic, " we can reach to a sartinty, because we've got it o' botli sides. And if the Polar Star 'ud shine out a bit—we might get to that too—but the fog's too much for it, I s'pose. Anyhow, wc should like to get ashore now, and wait till a bit o' clear daylight comes that we can see through." " The ship will be gone!" cricd the shipowner, angrily; " and then slanderous neighbors, like this Sharman, will say I sent her to sea undermanned. Come, come, my lads !—one try more, and if that fails, you shall do as you like." " Ay, ay!" cried Jack Adams, as if speaking on behalf of the crew, though really in consequence of a fresh hint from Fanshaw. " Ay, ay! my liids!" Mr. Anderson says what's right and reasonable ; and we'll do it." But poor Jock Adams had at that very moment not even the ghost of an idea how to attempt the tiling he was proposing so cheerily to do ; for while he was speaking, the man at the helm, the part owner, who had, like the others, become malcontent, turned the boat suddenly and determinedly out of her course; and so left the oarsmen without any possible clue for further guidance. CHAPTEK XXXVII—" MEN OVEBBOAED !" " Tliey showed in the fog like ghosts full faiut, A ghostly craft and crew." Where was the Polar Star all this while ? Starting some twenty hours before the new hands set out in the fog to find it; choosing a midnight tide, when no prying eyes were likely to be on the watch; having only just sufficient light from the moon, which strug- gled faintly through the thick atmosphere, to enable the pilot to see the course he was steering; the Polar Star, deeply laden, began to feel its way through the sinuosities of the narrow river, and between the double dangers of rocks and mud-banks, until it reached the channel; and could feel it had 6ea- room, and might expand to their fullest extent its mighty wings. There was little wind, but such as there was was in the right quarter for progress. So the ship moved silently on towards the spot where it was to anchor, and wait— not in fear of the gradually increasing fog, but for the new hands that had been promised, and which were sorely needed. Wondrously dim, wierd, mysterious, the ship looked in the depths of the night; and looming so large through the peculiar atmosphere as to seem more like a phantom ship passing to and fro between ports that no mortal eyeB had ever beheld, and carrying a freight that no mortal hands may ever touch or see. But the ship is real enough, and carries a heavy burden of most prosaic commodities for sale in distant lands; and the only thought of the captain as the hours pass wastefully away is to ask himself—When will the men come? All through the day, and through the constantlyincreasing fog, he makes repeated efforts to learn from passing vessels if they can enlighten him as to the whereabouts of the missing men, but without success. Towards evening, when he can see nothing that lies even a few yards outside his ship, he causes a gong to be struck at regular intervals of a minute. But still there are no signs of the new hands. , Wearily—wearily—hour after hour, did the boat-load of men drift about, finding neither ship nor shore. Seeing the uselesBness of resistance, after the owner of the boat had put it out of its course, the shipowner had allowed the men to have their own way; and Fanshaw and Adams had again laboured at the oars, as if in obedience to the general demand to be rowed landwards. A proposal had then been made that two of the other men should relieve them; but John Anderson had noticed they decidedly refused the proffered help; and he could not but fancy they were still hopeful of some chance for reaching the ship, and determined to use it, if such a chance came. He little guessed how strong was the resolve in the breast of Adams' silent companion, to risk anything and everything rather than allow the boat to land. The steersman asked no questions, but there was something in his attitude tliat suggested he knew perfectly well what he was about; and while throwing the oarsmen out of their reckoning for advance, had still managed to keep his own for retreat. Seeming to leave the direction of the boat's crew, unquestioned to the steersman, Fanshaw managed to give a hint to Adams to rest on his oars awhile, and to watch and listen to something he wanted to say to him. Adams, who sat behind him, dropped as naturally as possible into a lazy posture, as if really tired. Thus bending forwards towards his companion's back, he caught readily each time Fansliaw leaned towards him at the moment of the farthest sweep of the oars the words he jerked at him over his shoulder in low tones, and to the following effect: " Shan't go back. You'll stick to me ?" " Ay, ay !" responded Adams, in his natural pitch of voice, and with a tone that implied that the matter he acquiesced in was not of the slightest importance. " Then go the way you think best for the middle, and keep there." " Ay, ay !" again said Adams, with still greater indifference. " Mind the man at the helm. He's a 'cute fellow; and, I fancy, knowing the currents, he's going straight back to the shore we left, and where we left it. Circumvent him." " All right!" exclaimed Adams, as if impatient at last of his mate's frivolous remarks which no one else on the boat heard, while they did hear Adams' replies. But again, Fanshaw, with a laugh, had something to say. " If he does show his course towards land, that will again tell us ours to keep away from it." (To be continued.) 