LONDON TOWN TALK. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, DEC. 1,1882. I did not think it possible to see so many good humoured people together as were collected in London streets on November 18 Wherever one turned there were smiles and a welcome. Even the dignified policemen were infected with the general hilarity. The proceedings began with a most excellent joke perpetrated by the Clerk of the Father, who sent down a London fog in the morning, so dense that, but for the clocks, it would not have been known that it was morning at all. A loyal and excitable family in my neighbourhood were so taken in by this pleasantry that the head was actually persuaded to telegraph to the War Office to know whether the review would be postponed , his young people persuaded him that men had been heard (not seen in the streets crying something which commenced with " By order," and was understood to be a statement that nothing would happen. This idea of telling public news by crier in 1832 struck me as very fine, and enhanced the day's amusement. There was one set of people, however, who did not enjoy it-the old bachelors of the clubs At every club which come. n anded the line of march, ladies were admitted by ballot that is to say, any member might apply for a ticket, but the tickets being necessarily limited were awarded by lot In order as much as possible to decrease the female incursion, it is whispered that some old fogies put their names down for tickets, and when they got them didn't use them If it was so, it had very little effect in stemming the tide of revolution By 12 o'clock you would have thought the era of woman's pre- eminence had commenced throughout Club and Not a room with a window facing St James's street, Pall Mall, was without them Even the word " Private" over the sanctuaries of the officials whB disregarded, and I need not say that the "Silence' emblazoned on the walls of the libraries was utterly disregarded. Where Sir Guy and Sir Grey, like two proper old J. «»a" are wont to meet " with a world of coughing and noise, were heard rippling laughter and the rustle of silk gowns Not even the diningroom, with its peculiar tables and solitary corners, was sacred The whole place was laid out for an elaborate luncheon, I heard Sir Gay grow There is not a chair in the place, I have had to take my lunch standing up, sir, as one did as a boy, at a city bor And there in Heaven s name, is one to have a cigar The women are actually in the smoking room " " I shall do, ' said Sir Grey, exactly what I do when ladies come into a smoking carriage when the train in full " "And what is that' inquired the other with some curiosity, " I shall smoke ' Sir Guy shrank from this audacity. "No, no," be said " I have a better plan than that The secretary is a very good follow, and in an extremity of this kind he will surely let us have a cigar in his own room, we shall be OB snug as possible, and can wait there till this trouble is over past " So they went to that Bnng sanctum, and found five and twenty ladies in it. It was a day, that celebrated victory, but included a defeat for bachelors What struck me most was the roar of cheers evoked by the Duke of Connaught, One knows how easily the world is governed, but it requires an exhibition of this kind to demonstrate what very little it is necessary for a royal personage to do to claim the plaudits of a nation The young man did his duty, and was no doubt as brave a soldier as any of the 7,000 he rode with, but even Sir Garnet Y Wolseley himself was " nowhere by comparison with him in that street reception, Mlio fierce light that beats upon the throne 15, after all, not so very " fierce," and consists chiefly of rose colour, The Atheneum draws attention this week to a certain magazine, the chief serial of which has been determined for the last two months, because of no MR being obtainable from the author. This is not, however, a new thing. It is to me amazing with how light a heart an editor will accept a half-written novel, and trust to " time and chance' for its appearance in his periodical, Some authors, though not many, drink, and all of them (though their works are, of course, immortal) must needs die some day or other. Mrs Gaskell so died, with her Il'ires and Daughters still unfinished in the Cornhill, Thackeray did so, with his Dam Dtnal, Dickens died with his Mystery of Edwin Drood still unravelled. In the case of such kings of fiction, an editor may be excused for running his risk, but under ordinary circumstances, with such constant examples of failure of "copy" before him, "how can he, can he, do so " ! For my part, there is nothing that seems to me to illustrate more clearly the proverb, "A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush," than this publication of a story in embryo I would (almost) rather have an Ainsworth for certain than a Walter Scott in the clouds. What certainly adds to the calamity in the case alluded to by the Atheneum is that the novel has been paid for " stock, lock and barrel, and the poor editor has not got even the stock. Mr David Wingate, a Lanarkshire poet, has received a pension of £50 from the civil list. On the first blush of this one's mind reverts with a (dash to Port Close, to whose genius Lord Palmerston paid a similar recognition, but then Lord Palmerston had never read Close, nor I believe any other poet. Mr, Gladstone, on the contrary, I am assured has satisfied himself of Mr. Wingate's worth by actual perusal of his book, Where on earth does he find time for each a thing ? Did he snatch an hour for these poems they are Scotch during his Midlothian campaign 1 Or is it his wont to sit up between 3 and 4 after the debates to inn through recent volumes of provincial verse ? Some companies, like individuals, have great look. A windfall for the new Psychical Society has just taken place in the revival of the Church Stretton ghost story, It was supposed that the apparition had been exploded, from the circumstance of the lady it was understood to "appear (or," as the bankers have it, being proved to be all I and well. This, however, was, it seems only a temporary obstacle. The ghost still haunts the old copper-bole, A young gentleman returning home from that neighbourhood the other night, perceived a young woman following him at a little distance, and " think- ing (the young rascal !) it would be pleasant to have company," stopped for her to come up If his expectations, as is probable, were pleasurable, the shock must have been all the greater when she " slowly removed her cotton bonnet," and showed him nothing at all. She had vanished, and presently the bonnet vanished too, like the Cheshire cat's grin after the cat had gone. The lady has since appeared to several other persons, and shaken their " nervous centres very considerably. It is no wonder that " Church Stretton folk shake their heads and say that Sarah Duckett's death has not been proved yet, after all" On the other hand, if she is alive, the lady in question can hardly be MIsS Duckett. It is said that " every dog has his day," but the statement is not very convincing I know so many poor dogs that have never so much as an hour to be called their own , while as for their day in the sense of prosperity, it is the merest illusion. These are the sort of saws which are invented for the encouragement of the unfortunate Nevertheless, some dogs have very good days, Railway Jack," for example, who travels without a pass over every line in the kingdom, and who has had a collar presented to him by one of Her Majesty's judges, must be one of the kings of his kind He has just won a " star at the exhibition of fox terriers at Brighton, but I don't know where he is to wear it He cannot be so profusely decorated as one could wish, because of his small size, in the case of "garters" in particular, he can never make a great show, because he has but three legs. The Memorial des Pyrenee of the 9th inst, informs me that the dog Mylora, so famous in Russia, the canine favourite of Alexander the Second, and his companion in all his campaigns, ' has just expired of extreme old age (17) at Pau, at the Hotel Beau Sejour, in the apartments of Princess Dolgoronky " no Is Reno to the kennels, where the good dogs Leading members of the Opposition and of the Government are just now being driven abroad " from overwork ' So it is stated, but I should like to see an affidavit upon that point In the former case it is almost certain when one considers the existence of a Lord Randolph Churchill on one's own Bide-that it is not work, but worry It was care that is fabled to have killed a cat, and not the pressure of business affairs Moreover, I have noticed that the men who Iii of longest, though they cannot be said to the most in gretted, are those who do not feel worries If they have omitted to post a letter of importance to a follow creature on Saturday, they wait till Monday with great philosophy , they don't wake in the night to think what a disappointment awaits poor Jones to morrow when he fails to receive his remittance, and they are glad they cannot telegraph to cut short his suspense, because it costs a shilling If they are carrying about a bad florin intending, I will do them the justice to believe, to destroy it, and they gave it to a poor cabman by mistake, they suffer no 'lectures on that account. " It will be all the same," they say, "100 years hence ' It is these people who live 100 years or with half a dozen others make up one of these splendid averages in 'the Times obituary. They are dull and strong and long headed They have the fastest sense of proportion, and never allow the loss of a thing worth a shilling though it may be the gift of the dead-to annoy them so much as the loss of something worth eighteenpence They work like horses, but no one ever hears of their having too much of it, and as to " worry" they no more credit its fatal powers 'Lill the owing of a broken heart. How I envy them ! A friend of mine who is a whist player, also a prolific novelist, was complimented in his club card-room the other day in quite a charming way Whist players don t road much as a rule, but one of his fellow players had noticed that his works were pretty often advertised in the newspapers "I don't know whether there is any thing good in them, ' he said, " but there seems to be plenty of them You may not hold honours, but you have great numerical strength." I see there are now regular Professors of V last as of everything else The following advertisement appears in to day's paper - To Whist Players A gentleman, Gest class player, offers to perfect amateurs, ladies or gentlemen, in six lessons. Terms Two guineas He lives in the Edgeware road I should like to see him playing his rubber with his three amateurs of both sexes, or does he teach them by means of double dummy? I could envy Asmodeus his power of taking the roofs off, and looking at what is going on, for his opportunity of seeing this Bight more than (almost) anything else The Professor doesn't mention how long a ICBSOU lasts, by the by but while it does East it must be splendid Are the points included in the two guineas, wonder If not, the first class player may make a better thing of it than it looks A young gentleman has declined to support his mother, on the ground of his having 31 brothers and sisters who have all evaded the responsibility. If they would each contribute but a penny a week, there would be half a crown and twopence, his mamma admitted in Court that she had on three occasions given birth to twins, twice to triplets, and on one occasion to four children at a birth, but that the defendant was bom all by himself, and so far was under an individual obligation One has heard of children " meeting one's enemy in the gate, ' but this lady's family could surely sally out, and carry the war into the enemy's country. In the Divorce Court last week, an injured husband stated that his wife was " only a poor girl when he married her, and proceeded to explain the phrase by saying that he meant she was not of good character. This really beats even the epithet " poor but honest," -Inch used to be applied to the working classes by the silver fork school of novelists. In these democratic times, things have been represented so much the other way that it is quite refreshing to thus return to first principles. In the second number of Longman's Magazine, a pleasant little literary controversy is revived, which may amuse a new generation, In MISS Mitford's Holes of a Literary Life, published more than 30 years' ago, there is a chapter devoted to the delightful poems of Winthrop Mackworth Praed, among which is quoted the following charade - 1 OUUlll, I. WHB UU U his way I and those in that old age of sport The mulcra of the camp and court Had little time to prey, '118 said Sir Hilary muttered there Ivy o Syllables by way of prayer It My first to all the brave and proud Who are to morrow a man, My next with her cold and quiet cloud To those who find their dewy shroud JJoforo to day a be done ; And both together to all blue eyes That weep when a warrior nobly dies i ' Miss Mitford tells her readers that the enigma still remains unsolved, and recommends it for the exercise of their ingenuity. In the transatlantic edition of the poems the American editor-with an audacity which re- minds one of " The German Editor who is the prey of our commenta- tors upon the Greek drama-calmly as signs "Good Night" as the answer to the enigma, though it does not fulfil the first pro- position of it in any way. The writer in ¿onontan'sBuggests adieu or rather aide Dieu. making the second syllable have the second meaning of year." This seems to me even worse than ''Good Night." Can none of your readers prove themselves more clever than the last generation by solving the problem ? That Praed should have played such a scurvy trick upon posterity, as to leave the riddle without an answer I do not believe; It is certainly curious that all his other changes are as easy as ther we graceful, 