The license assumed by barristers -m their dealings with witnesses has attained -such proportions that it -has become':-nece33ary: to at least protest against- it, : and . we :conless. that we are not surjmsed.. that at should even be considered worthy of. legislative action. Dr. Quick and Mr Shiels have brought: m a ..Bill to amend tlie law relating to the ' cross- examination of witnesses. It is a short one, consisting! of eight clausesi the; two- first being pre- liminary. Clause 3 runs vas follows :—If any question put to a witness-upon cross-; examination relate to a 'matter not relevant to the suit or proceeding, except, so" far as it: aftects ihe credit of the witneisby injuring Ins character,'-the court shall decide -whether or not the witness shall be compelled to answer it, and may, if it •think fit, wara the mtuese that lie is not, compelled to answer it. In exercising its discretion, the -couri 'sliall Jiaye Tegard to the following considerations :' (1) Such questions.are proper, if they are.of . such a nature that the truth ;of the imputation conveyed by them would seriously affect the opinion .of the icourt, as- to the credibility of the: witness-on the matter to winch he testifies!] (2) Such queationsare improper, if the imputation which they convey relate to matters so remote in time, or of such-character that the. truthiof the imputation-"would-not ./affect, or would affect only in a slight degree the opinion of the court as -to the credibility of the! witness on the matter to which he testifies ; (3) The court may, if it see fit, draw from the witness', : refusal to- auswer the inference that the answer, jf given wouldbe unfavourable/ Clause 4 provides that no such question as is referred to in the next preceding section sliall be aslced unless the person asking - it has reasonable -grounds for; thinking that the imputation which it conveys is well - founded. Clause 5 provides that if the court is of opinion that any such- question, was asked by : a bams-: tei- or attorney without reasonable grounds it may report the circumstance of the case to the Supreme Court m foanco, and: the Supreme Court may deal with.. such barrister or attorney m pursuauce of ,;SU( h: powers the law on that behalf- allows, and as the j ustice of; the case requires. Clause G lays down that the court may forbid any questions or inquiries which ?t regards cas indecent or scandalous, . although such' questions or inquiries may have some bearing on the questions before the court -• unless they relate to facts in issue, or to. matters necessary to be known, m order to determine > whether or. not ^he facts, m issue existed.' Clause ^ provides 'that the court, shall forbid any question which, appears to it to be intended to insult, or annoy, or . whicli; though proper m itself, appears to the court needlessly offensive in -form: Lastly it is provided that no witness m any judicial: proceeding or lnquiry shall be compelled to answer any; question i touching :liiB .religious belief unless m the opinion of, the • court such question is relevant to the - matters in issue between the parties to such proceeding or.inquiry. We' aresadly afraid .that this essay of the two young barristers, who appear to be so anxious to restore the smirched reputation of the profession, will be found to be of very, little good jfit should pass into law. It has not backbone enough, and leaves matters very much, as.they were before. We have been under the impression hitherto: that the court has the power of determining what questions are proper and what ques tions are improper, and though, it is but very seldom that the court is found to interfere for the protection: of a witness, no doubt a restraining influence has been exorcised. Of course the court, "if it 'sees fit, " will, as it always has done; draw its own inference* which may be one of a totally erroneous character, from the .witness' refusal to answer a question. .; The fourth clause is altogether superfluous; for •a bullying counsel would assign anyquan tity of "reasonable grounds" for baiting an adverse : witness. The judges will scarcely like to- have the duty thrust upon them of determining the quality -.of>questions, and of pronouncing uppn their m. decency, or scandalous character, . and it appears to us that the essence of the - pro-: uosed legislation is contained'in : the -last: clause but one, in which it is sought to •give power-to -the .xsourt to. forbid ^ques tions which appear to be intended for the sole purpose of insulting or;annoying -witnesses. It is of conduct such as this that the most frequent and ihe most just-complaint has been made. Efforts to shake: tlie credibility of witnesses -may rlje - inghly necessary and quite proper ^ but not contcnted wxth this, there are leaders at the bat whose foitc consists m .worrying nervous- -witnesses rnto e uch- a state-of abject prostration; or women.into such a hysterical condition, that their evidence beepmes,absolutely ,worthless.-,. .-Tliis xaity be clever, but it is decidedly cowardly, and is calculated to defeat the'ends of •justice,' andyslioulds"therefore; be . sternly suppressed by tlie court." It is "not-^verywitness who ials Yhe neryevand wit to .turn the tables upon 3us tormentor, as did the aonable agriculturist, who, being asked •by a blustering' connsel - w wliefter he knew the differeilce between a iiorBeSaiia a cow," replied'that lie did, and that he also "knew, the difference,between a bull and a bully, the one-had horns, and (look ing athis tortnentor), tho other 'had Jiot We once heard tlie-late Mr Eichard; jDavjes Ireland, say that bullying came m wlien duelling went'out, >nd,-though duelling had „ its disadvantages, it uu- -doubtedly a<any'an''unriily}iongne still, since a man' was naturally careful of 3ns speech, in court when lie knew that he; might -answer for insulting or 'annoying language jat jtwelve^acesSistanpe an Ihe morning ®ait -triggers, 1^lioweyer, Are at a discount in these days of -civilisation f but there jare dllifcr |viys^of "puniBjnngi lulhc The "pud: liaiJ as -Captain MacMahon call'j tin. n pui^ue their ,n eu'tnif couduu illicit hr the apil-iu^c' of the Unwashed aid lU'.jnclling rabWe at the rear, cf thB -court, and way^ he soften seeu> after an tmcemnionly nle\ri nmuation, ca?t»fe a -"^ods" to appreciation .SChey, ^hpuld be Br to jiucb < owtcmal .omj any '1"'" A n g W y , ihe privileged ruffian should 'be -ostracised : from respectable and reputable society; as men who prostitute their talents-for mere gam. ; Undoubtedly c-tha court can . -do something, l>ut the public could j3osmoro if it would iifok at'this matter ln^tlie'righi light, and condemn msfcead-of applauding tactics which are disgraceful to our.common humanity. An advocate, who persistently sets decency at defiance, sliould' be sont to Coventry, both by the profession and "by the public, sand -if lie escapes horsewhipping sliould not eaoape thBicom and contumely , of. those: who profess to guide their lives by the precepts of honour. It may be safely stated that no gentleman -would be guilty of conduct which would' degrade a- costermonger,' ,and- the 1 mferr ence is obvious, that no one liaving pretensions to the -title-should-tolerate such creatures m any way. The B.M.S. Rosetta passed Cape Borda at 6 o'clock on Thursday evening with the incoming ^English mail. She may there- fore = ;be .expected in - Hobson's Bay oi Saturday niglit or Sunday morning; and; ;letters should consequently :reach: Sale: on Monday afternoon A general meeting of members' of thp Gippsland Gun'Glub was held last , night at the . Criterion--Hotel,-Jat.'which 'it was decided that,the final: match of the .-season < be heldou.Wednesday, the 26th. Septem-, ber, and that the annual dinner take' place in the.evemng when the presentation' of the trophies will: also be made. Messrs presidenttand 'secretaiy-were ."appointed at sub- committee to make the necessary arrangements. The charges againstTMr Andrew OlKeefe J. P., for having misconducted himself at: a sale at the Campaspe .-on the'19nh June,, have been decided- 'upon by the Minister of J ustice. The board appointed to inquire ;anto the case, did not agree m their findings, Mr Panton; P.M., the chairman, considering "that -the charges --were -not substantiated, and Mr Webster, P.M., and Councillor Harkness, expressing the contrary view. Mr Anderson, having con-, sidered the evidence, concluded tthat Mr O'Keefe did misconduct himself as'alleged, but evidently , under provocation. The circumstances did not- justify his removal from the commission of the -peace, and •a'eeardmgly'lMOr Anderson decidedfBiatpdi position should not be interfered with. :t v Subscribers to the Sale .Mechanics' Institute are remhaded "that a special general meeting of members of the Institute will be held on ^Monday evening next ' at S o'clock, the business being the con firmation of the resolution passed-at the general meeting on the 17th. August ad vocating the purchase of an allotment of land in York street, between Macalister and Cuninghame streets, the property of Mi Jas Ilobinson, for the erection thereon of a more commodious Mechanics' Insti tute when funds permit As the subject ib one of great impoitance to members of . the Institute, as many as can possibly do: so, should attend, m order to let their wishes on the subject be known There was'an unwonted stir and bustle; at the Sandridge tow n pier on Wednesday,; owing to three large steamers taking on board horses for India at the same time Messrs Baldock Bros forward by ihe« s Gulf of St Vmcent about 360 horses, all of good quality Among thein aie some, remarkably good animals bred by Mr W : Pearson, of Kilmany paik Messrs E Weeks and 3? Krcrouse send their horses by tho ss Newcomen They are fine, (well-shaped, ~upstanding -horses,-:,' .- with plenty-of ibone". OT-r Weeks': was a,splendid sbippient-and includes such peiformers as Mistaken, The Ghost, Belladrum, ancl Red Rover, also Gloiy, Tan Tromp, Tocal, Blue Bell, and'other winners Delos, Othello, Cavalier, Eulo, Glen Osmond, and a number of horses by St Albans, Panic, Smuggler, Proto Martyi, Argus Scandal, Lecturer, Gang Forward, Atheling, Hawthornden, The Friar, Rapid Bay, and other sires also were included MrM Mackintosh, of Bushy park, Gipps : land, is takings draft of horses from his own stud m the s s Pathan Altogetliei there were close upon-1,000 horses shipped foi India of a class and character that could hardly be surpassed in any couutiy in the woild The plan adopted of putting tlie horses on board .ship was that invented some years ago by Mr Warren, which is much more humane and expedi tious than the old fashioned way of sling ing each animal and hoisting them on boaid by means of a steam wmch By Mr Wairen's plan the horses are led on board as fast as the-grooms can take them, without the slightest chance of injury to horse or man J Conelly, a packer from Dargo fiat, was: admitted into the hospital yesterday, suffering from injuries to the foot and leg causedibya horse he was riding falling son slippery ground and rolling over with- -him;'- He was ..attended; to by Dr Eeid, Dr Maodonald being unable to The fortnightly meeting of the Sale Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Aasocia : tion was held on Wednesday evening last, : the Rev M Pyson, president, m the chair The ordinary business having been gone through, the -programme was -then proceeded with, commencing with the magazine, " Excelsior," which is a paper consisting of articles of vauous imds, correspondence, things in general, Sua , written by members of the associa tion The magazine produced on this occasion claims to be the "best the associa tion has ever produced, containing no less than 69 -slieets of foolscap -Greatcredit is due to the editors for fee indefatigable energy displayed by thSm lhbimgingsuch a mass of matter before the association m such a small space of time as they had their disposal, only about 10 days being allowed for the work. * The magazine contains a leader on the Irish informers, sub leader on thB artesian wells, a, splendid article on Ifew Guinea, with illustrations, original poetry, an article condemning the action of our Government; , e Irish informers, and an enormous amount of other matter too„numeious to mention As visitors were allowed id mittance advantage -was taken by a con filterable number to--avail ^faemselsws, of tW-opportlmity , ~and -ihey^aeetaed sto thoroughlyenjoythe evening's entertain ment Yesterday morning, on my way down t6 -Maffra, I -witnessed as exciting and m teresting a chase as ial-happened, or is: likely to happen m this ^district forborne! time While'erossuijr la -paddock of Mr! D M'Cole's, opposite -Mr Merry's pro perty, I observed a stalwart person en veloped in a waterproof, running as if the old gentleman himself was after him, in htit jjuvsuit, aided by two or three dogs,-: of some strange animal, Ihe, species of which I could not determine from the place where I was placed,,, Between: flying short distance's, anji 'runnj.n^Tai a fair pace, the %ir3, for such it -pioVe9,i went a considerable distance before ^t was finally captured It then turned out to be a very fine and exceedingly beautiful specimen of the Australian .Lyre Bird or Native Pheasant, in full vigour luealthafldiSpleiidfd^phmiagej The cajitpj'.; was Mr ChrjitopTier Bates, wliose dog sprang the game in Mr Merry's fence which was captured after a rather, hot and lorg ch se, during whicli. JUr Batesv and his waterproof were 'conspicuous' jand. lively objects in the lanasff ejtftfeifethis t&cw; pro\cd nrwiT andVo ermgnlie crro a TateAUStifying a-.|upposl|ioii-that %t> had: iorrojved tlyi^TBpiis -iioots of Jack the "Giant Killer-foi the occasion It Ss supposed 4h.e~tojcent-floods had (Jbligfld the "bir^ip leave its quarters im Jiave been located -.for-many yeaia past- "3Jlie birdjps byMr Bates to toanj pelflons »i jLie-irl> v adm)i1 l x Bis hoped th b l hm Bj.t"i" e i f e iui»e pj easa't nij hi «uc.CLB«fully dcmiLsticaled .^•^^.the^'SalliSp'® before tte.Mayor a.nd.Mr. .John .Little, J.P., an old man named Wm. Mallett, a farmer-reBidmg at-liongfora, tkis charged Br Forbes- adepose^,that the . patient -^had" been broughtitoihimaboutia week-.before,. aiid', as he was then.of opinion 1jhat he was merely -suffering "from: temporary.abera-i tion of mmd consequent on the loss of his. wife he had. directed him to be taken to the: Hospital. : He had since found: that: the patient was insane and required proper, treatment.: JDr" Reid gave /corroborative" evidence as to the man's insanity. The Bench -made an order tor .lua committal to" the: Kew- Asylum. -.The poor old- feEowwho evidently understoodithe proceedings and dreaded the result, was. very noisy,' and said 'he-wished', everybody was as-sane as he was -; that'herh.ad thought he was acciisKoljSQinesriine,^^ could not have-justice;-' On being removed to tlie gaol- die threatened to knock the place downtwith magnetism if die waskfeptthere. A man named John Barry was-: convicted .of having-been, drunk and disorderly on the previous day. As he was an old offender he wa3 fined 40s or l4 days imprisonment. -The money ^noi being i forthcoming lie was removed to gaol. - '. In. compliance - with a requisition, the •preeidentof the Shire of .Traralgon,has, convened'meetings rfor . the -pjirpose: of; •coMidenng^sthe.v inotion :(taiiled>;:lby>;:. Or ;-Peterkin, advocating the appbinttnent of a resident health officer, at a salary;: of £150 per annum. On Tuesday evening a meetiug. will be lield-at Traralgon, and on Thursday evening at Morwell. , \ " '^Mr CalJ, 'the Pent- • Ti'dgeStockade,: madehis-smoiithlyiiispec-: tion of all the prisoners on Wednesday afternoon, when no complaints wcre made against iheAscipline of the ^establishment. A prisoner named'George de Thouers;:-who made an absurd attempt vta ;escape from the -B division on Tuesday evening, was charged with tlie offence.' The prisoner .is" nndetgomg a .sentence of...16, years for; robbery at Sale, and is, -with,-the other; long-sentence, prisoners; confined in -.the' B division. When brought before Mr .Call, the .man gave no excuse for his con-;; duct, and . was sentenced to three months'" additional imprisonment, .tlie first 14 days: to. be in solitary-confinement on bread andwater. " ' . • 3 ' ; ' • ' ^ We .have been shown the current number of-' the Sale Wesleyan Mutual Improvement -Association's . -quarterly magazine, '^o^^'w^-ihast'-Minplimeiit itlie members of that excellent body on the [prpduptiqnjv'pfSo '.liiglily,V.6redite)3le..;a nutaber,*. As" the ^association.'^indreases in members,: so the magazine . increases -in bulk, and also advances as regards the quality of the.articles;-cohtributed?to at by ihe members which are all written by them The advantages arising from: young men employing their -spare time m ! so rational and improving a manner, are too obvious to need mention, ind th© pio gress of the magazine is the more gratifying The present number contains articles on cuirent events, very ably w ntten, including an interesting sketch of New Guinea contributed by the Rev M Dyson The members of the association, alive to the meaning of the motto of their magazinejEaceZsior, intend next quarter to .add »-to 'its - attractiveness • by the addition of illustrations In addition to the articles in prose, "Pansy" contributes some verses, entitled "My May, "which are writtenwith- taste and -feeling.. .- We: wish the magazine continued Success and prosperity in the future ^ About 12 o'clock on Thursday night, a; man, whose name we have been-unable to ascertain, fell down the shaft of the Long Tunnel Company's claim at Tanpl, and" , sustained fearful (injuries,- Ills .shoulder •being smashed, skull fractured, and, his intestines protruding.- .. His-.mates ^carried: him all the way to Moe, hoping to catch the Friday morning tram for Melbourne : They, however, just missed jtj so Dr. Cobb of Warragul was sent for, and ho at onpe said there was no hope, as the un • fortunate man could not live half an hour Last night, however, he was still breath ing, but no hopes -can be entertained of:. his recovery The poor fellow belongs to Sandhurst, and had only been working a. short time m tli,e mine He has a wife and.nme children -at'San&hurst.;:,->»-- •- The following story- istoldTsy " -35gles"' m the Australasian:—A squatter whose cattle had been stolen thought he had sufiicient proofs to -justify him in applying iora warrant against,ia -neighbotiv. He. went to the .township and: stated- his case, to a J P , who was also the local store ; keeper His worship heard what his" visitor had to say, constantly interrupting: with doubts whether the proofs were strong enough Upon being further pres sect he closed discussion thus —"Look here, Mr Aitchbone, Tom Reiver's £40iri; my books If he gets into gaol 111 never : get paid Do you think I'm a fool' I'll grant no warrant" The Sale and Maffra football clubs will, jplay a match this afternoon on the giound, of the former The Maffra team will be selected from the following —Thomson,- Macfarlane, Campbell, Simmons, Cany •Smallman, Brookes, Williams (-3), Carpen tei, Hendeison, Maxwell, Walters, Graig, Mitchell, Moore, Harbeck, Davis (2),, Alfoid (2} Rooney, Clifton and Jones ; Sale will be represented by <Ulan, Montgomery, C White, Clements, Maishal!, Colbeit, Beard, Irwm, Jacks, Lloyd,, Graves, Bannister, Wishart, Bruce, ''M'Millail, Tyack, Reid, Gilder, Keesing and Webster, emergencies Pktclier, 3? Wlnte, Holt, Simonsen, Sayei, Hyde, and- Chettle Tlie match will comiuence at' 2 30 shaip A football match will be played to day between fee iCovnet and Moonlight clubs oil the ground of the former The: following team will represent the! ^Comets" —Wynd, M'Bratney, Slater, Jacobs, Cater, Hyde, Blacker, Macdonald, Woods, Wilson, Trimble, Cartledge (2),- Colberi. Short, Kelly, Silvei, Listonj: Webster, and. Loyou;- --•-Emergencies-;:; Eletcher, Guthridge, Royle, and Barry:; The match will commence at 3 o'clock Messrs English Little and Co., will sell to-; day.atthe Boronrfi-yards milch cows, steers,; .milkers: andjispru^ere.' They will also sell on Mondayiati.JPraralf;on.bullock8,' .<;owa,i steers/; and heifers, and a haltacre-allotnieijt in 'iraraSgon * k u"* " j . -.fVfessrs dRs ^Guthridge iandsGo>^ili|sellv!to-' day ,attbe.'Borougli%at:fls cov?b, steers,theifers,-; xiulkera,:.8prm'gersl '"eVes/-and - lambs, at their, • r o^yard5hoi!8es:and^i6s,-and.at'-their^ina,^;.a.> -Quantity oT- drapery/clotiimg, &c;, also .produce, furnjtnreiandjnndries s ^ ^ i SMMsrB.iCiAfrokintoshand Co.JiS'ill^^eell on Monday at Traralgon bullocks, -eows. ieteers, jleifere,-&c; t • , i,:{Messrs.i]toc]my,-Wdkes'-.anil^o.rwiU'sell.at: Traralgon, on- Monday,- "cattle, dray and harness l3?he»iadvei!tisements.i!of.4;hB:!ientirB,-'horsef Shyloek" and "Cannon','-will be found m another cpluttm » , k > ^J&.'Wi.B.M^een®nnounces!that-.4he:Stratf ford cheese,factory wiU-^e-opened on Monday milk. y special meeting of..-members of the Upper Mal&as;^«ahauiosfelBsfatuteiOT41 be iheld .iOni auditor. The balf yegfly.^nieeting win also toe. ieldat the sarneitime ^^^^ ; iMessre^Alejcander and ,Co, the Australian; ^ents-ior'the^sivJl^ilso^Se^gcMachine, ,dpath .of Mr'IPf'J. Breniian,-the 'Sale branch! fl P bitunii, 111 s ns of thcliti. rn.in.igtr. 