®hc 33faa (Saicftte. l'L'MJ8HED OX . WliDNTfflDAY AND SATtJEDAY Fides d Jiistitia. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 2G, 1883. What has lately been called " Higgin- | 'hotliamism," a spirit of impatience ; ■with tlio rcl'gious teaching of the per- ; iod, is strongly developing itself in this town. Church attendance is wholly : neglected by many of our adult males, and numbers of the sex, in whom re ligious sentiment, or what is accepted as religious sentiment, is innate and ' intuitive, satisfy their consciences by a ouce-a-day appearance at divine wor- ; ship. Happily we live in times when ! a human being is free ;o act, and free to accept the responsibility of his acts. Commercial integrity in a trading com munity is of far higher importance than Phariseeism. The man who pays liis debts up to 20s. in tho pound is regarded as far and away superior to the rascal whose snowy shirt fiont and radiant black cloth Sunday coat cover, like tho marble slab over a coffin of decaying booes, an inward intelligence that is ever plotting, per haps even in the presence of the Ood it pretends to worship, and in the house in which it protends to pray, how it may help its owner to defraud a creditor, or legally rob confiding friends by the application of insolvent whitewash. In this small town it begins to be recognised that probity and sanctimoniousness are horses of two colors; that though some may at tempt to drive the two as a pair, yet it is patent to all spectators that the match is wrong, and that the drivers are mountebanks. Church-goers are not all the good men in tho woild; and the proposition cannot be assented to that eternal damnation is the 6ure lot of men and women who are com pelled into scorn of the churches and a>o never seen inside the walls. The body of man needs food, and the mind of man requires nourishment; if the regular teachers of Christianity are unable to supply the sort of instruction yearned for, the sheep will desert the fold, and seek fresher pastures. Let us not be misunderstood; we take it that bad as this world is, desire for good outbalances love for evil. That true religion is on the side of law and order is universally admitted; and the most hardened reprobate can no more help respecting genuine goodness when he sees it, than he can help breathing. Religious thought is part of man's nature ; we feel there is a power su perior to all tho forces that humanity possesses; but because we cannot de Jino tho power, nor are able to make it palpable to sight, it does not follow that at tho mandate of Science, falsely 6f> called, wo are to reject the possi bility of its existence. Science can do much. It can investigate inorganic matter, and formulatolaws which oper ate with unfailing precision; of the higher life that begins its material ejcisteuce in tho protoplasmic germ, and finishes its mundane career " ashes to aslios," science has, as yet learned little. Tlie intellectual may be exalted, but it is not the noblest part of the organism. As Lewes puts it, " no philosophy can satisfy the demands of humanity until the truth is recog nised that man is moved by his emo tions. not by his ideas; that he' uees liis intellect only as an eye to see the way. In other words, the intellect is the servant, not the lord of the heart, and scieuce is a futile, frivolous pur suit, unworthy of greater respect than a game of chess, unless it subserve some grand religious aim—unless its issue be in somb enlarged conception of man's life and destiny!" Seven thousand persons attended Mrs Hamp son's mission in Sydney on Sunday night; hundreds were unable to obtain admission. And these vast audiences listen'with attentive ears to a plain woman telling a simple story. But she speaks as one filled by the noblest of human instincts, she feels the glory' and power of a real conviction, and | earnestly strives to make her belief pass into other minds. She feels, and she wants others to fee]. When this sort of enthusiasm shull fill all our ptilpits, there will no longer be com plaint* thit pews are empty. Dr. liyles of Mudgee says that the medical profession knows malaria only by its effects, and they call it malaria only to hide their ignorance of its real nature, notwithstanding that the youngest member of the profession will show under his microscope. the bacillus malariec, the supposed parasite or germ that causes ague and other periodic fevers. But whether germs cause the disease, or the disease produces the germs goes amongst things "not proven." But the medical profession does not deny the existence of these conditions which it calls malaria; if all about malaria cannot be understood at least is understood that it is a power working evil. Among the laity a parallel statement is current; that the i pulpit constantly talks about it does not comprehend; that what is compre hended is not set forth with zealous vigour; and therefore the congregation comes and then departs, no wiser than before, and so men grow weary of searching for what never reaches them. But searching implies searchers; can nothing be done for them ? If any thing can-be done, it will be by a class of teacher that can grasp the truth that reverence is not incompatible with independence of thought, and that sentient beings are ready and anxious to go more than half-way towards meeting any competent exponent of supernatural truth. Passed.—Another Bega Public School girl, Miss-If. A. Armstrong has passed hor first pupil teacher's examination. Cricket.—Wo see the boys are coming out of their'winter rest, and are thinking about stumps and bats, overs and runs, and all the rest of it. An advertisement calls a meeting for Saturday next. Hospital.—There has surely been a lapse of time sufficient to permit the Minister for Lands to makeup what mind he has in tliu question of resuming the site for our Hospital. Perhaps our mom bors will worry the Department this week. Trespass Suit.—Tho Supremo Court action, Otton against Bildstein, for tres pass, dftrirages laid at £500, stands post poned till November 19. By that time the friends of both parties hope that dif ferences may all bo adjusted without the intervention of ruinous legal proceedings. Eden.—At the Land Office, on Septem ber 20, no selections were taken up. The sale of 21 acros at the upset price of 30a. per acre is announced at the Land Office Eden at uoon to-day. This block is on the road fi-Qin Bega to Panbula, on the southern shore of Merimbula Lake, left bank of Bald Hills Creek, opposite W. Vuughan's portion. Lightning. — During the storm last week a large treo was struck near Mr. J. O'Neil's house ; the fluid corkscrewed round the trunk, and finished up by tak ing the life of an unfortunate pig at the tree's base. One of T. McNamara's valuable draught horses was killed whilst being driven along the road, and another of tbo team lias been sick ever since. Racing Sweeps. — The Melbourne papers hav» been exposing the bogus character of several advertised " consul tations," ai|d public faith in all specula tions of this sort has been ebuken. From what we regard as a reliable source we have the assurance that " Tattersall's Monster," advertised in this paper, is a genuine affair, honestly conducted, and results promptly settled. Half Asleep !—" I never," wrote a young lady to a friend, " go to church or lecture but I am half asleep, and I never know afterwards what the sermon or lec ture was about" It was a plain case of nervous lethargy, produced by went of action of the liuer and she writes : "How iritelligant and blight are sermons and lectures now, and how glorious tho world we live in is! Hop Bitters ore indeed a blessing to me." Notico. Deeds ready for delivery. Applications in writing must bo attested by a Magis trate :— P. Crotty, Parish of Cathcart, 73a. 3r., stamp duty 10s. D. A. Gowing, Kameruka, 100a., fees 14s 2d. B. Leagh and others, la. 2r. town of Eden, a church grant. Sir NV. M. Manning, Kameruku, 246a. 3r., fees 40s 3d. A. L. Munn, Panbula, 40a. lr., fees 12s 2d. C. T. Stiles Kameruka, 304a., fees £2 12s 8d. A. L. Munn, Panbula, 40a. lr., fees 12s Id. A. L. Munn, Panbula, 69a. 3r. fees 13a 84. Munu's Maizena Company, Panbula, 76a. 2r., fees 14s Id. Dentistky.—Mr. Leonard Ghibriel who represents Mr. Gustavus Gabriel the well known dentist of 33 York-street, Wyn yard Square, Sydney, informs us that he is satisfied with this results of this his first visit to Bega. Wo hoar that he has reliovcd many sufferers from toothache, and neuralgia, and has supplied lots of toothless gums with the means of enjoy ing the luxury of mastication, besides enabling patients to speak with increasod distinctness, and to carry about an im proved facial appearance. Mr. Gabriel leavos to-morrow for Bombala, Fiiiewood.—All sorts of prices are paid for this articlo in Bega. Tor tho sake of comparison Sydney values--quotod in town papers last Wednesday are hero given:—" At the Darling Harbour rail way terminus the supply of split wood continues abundant, tho daily sales woll atteuded, and satisfactory prices are ob tained. The wholesale rates are as fol lows :—For billetwood 10s. to Ha. 9d per ton, bundlewood lis. to 17s 3d., shortcut wood 12s. to 17s 9d., baker's wood lis. to 13s Gd., bark for wheelwrights, 8s. to 10s per ton. Wnion? Somebody lies, i.e., prints lies. One says, " The circulation of the Bulletin is now more than double that of any other weekly newspapeiiin N. S. W. , aml is second among the weeklies of Aus- j tralia." The other says, " The Tribune has (with one exception) the largnst cir culation of any weekly newspaper in New South Wales." As the Mail is the week's typo from the Herald and Echo, an the T. and C. Journal is the raking up of Evening News, so the Tribune is a big 3d. worth compiled from the Telegraph. The young weekly is establishing itself, and the price 3d, puts it within ovoryone's reach.' Beruagui. — Imports per stoimor "Union," September 17th,:—3 quarter sacks flour, 1 bag sundries, 3 cases fur niture, 2 cases chairs, 1 roll matting, 1 case ironmongery, 2 packages bedsteads, 1 case galvanizod iron, Gbags bran, 2 bags oats, 1 case milk, 1 case and 2 barrels ale, 10 boxes tea, 1 cask and 1 bug rico, 1 bundle brooms, 1 sack sugar, 1 case -sad dlery, 1 case stout, 1 case whiskey, 2 cases draperjt, 1 case kerosene, 1 chest drawers, t cask crockery, 1 case goods, 1 chair, 1 paper parcel. Exports per steamer ■ " Union " September 20th.: —52 kegs and b^xes butter, 8 boxes eggs. 616 cheese, 29 bi g8 bacon, 24 hides. 1 bundlo sheep skins, 5000 laths, and 493 bags bark. Weslevan. — The bazaar and wild flower show in conuecliou with St. Leo nard's Wesleyan Church terminated on Saturday evening *fte." a fours day»' .run. The amouut realised was over £360. There was a promenade concert under the management of Mr. Richards. Mr. Massey, organist and choirmaster of St. Thomas', North Shore, Mr. Lewis Arm strong, Mr. W. H. Hall, and various ladies, including Mrs. Cousins, Miss Richardson, and Mrs. Coborn assisted. The Rev. Mr. Carruthers, minister of the church thanked the stall-holders, perfor mers, and all who assisted, on behalf of the committee, and said he was very much pleased with the result of the bazaar. The Late AKCnuisnor.—On Thurs day the Month's Mind in memory of the decease of Archbishop Yaughan was held at St. Marys, an immense congregation attending. The Bishop of Wellington (Dr. lied wood) delivered the panegyric, or as Protestants would say, the funeral sermon, from the words, •' As the sun when it shineth, so did he shine in the temple of God.'' Bishop Redwood's ad dress was exhaustive, and eloquent. He spoke of the Archbishop as being "a bet ter speaker than writer. His intuitive and imaginative faculties predominated over the logical. His erudition was groat, but ho lacked concentrative power. But take him for all in all, and when shall we see his like again-?" At the memorial meeting in the evening, Mr. D. O'Connor said he had read the prelate's will, and found that the £61,000 was made up, not or private means, but of the Lynhurst estate, of land at Parramatta, and of a gift of £20,000 to the late Archbishop and his successors for ever. Mr. T. M. Slat tery added that the Archbishop had left his all to the church, and that even the watch he wore had been bequeathed to his successor. Slobber.—"Jeames" Bricks will be pensioned off by Mr. Wren's connections some day. He cannot record pleasing news without daubing his idol with slavish slime. We all rejoice that Mr. W. W. i Wren was good enough to shoot 38 birds out of 40 in a match at Wagga, and that | he won a silver cup valued at £15, but! why drivel over him as the Standard does thus:—'• We thought this gentleman, a thorough type of a true sportsman, would make some little stir among the knowing ones at the Wagga matches." As the Wagga shooting business is reported, we | find that the £200 and the sweep money wes divided by Harding, Billston, Gannon and Robertson ; but they shot on to de cide wagers, when Gannon missed in the 17th round, and Harding and Billston shot bird and bird until the 21st., when Bill s to n misfiod and Harding seoared South's silver salver. Mr. Wren retired aftor his fifth bird fell. In a sweep of £2, Weston, Stidwoi'thy and Wren divided. In another Faithfull and Harding at 30 yards, and Wren at 27 6hot 5 birds each and divided. Then Harding at 30, and Wren at 29, shot 5 and divided. Last, Wron at 3ft, and Tracey at 24, dropped bird and bird and divided. So the Bega man did not disgrace his town, but the family or gan- grinder cannot help licking the laurels. I Mind and Matter.—This was the text from which Professor Simon started on Sunday night to enlighten an audience of i between 40 and 50 persons in the Lodge- ! room of the School of Arts. As the lec- | turer went on, it was clear that his views were pronouncedly materialistic — mind was matter, and matter was mind. The atoms held together by the force of cohesion in a stone were only Dante and Shakespeare in another shape. Take atoms, and scatter them about, and by the operation of some occult law the mole cules sometimes determine themselves into an oyster, and at other times into the author of " Paradise Lost." The lecturer went off into a comic paraphrase of the Mosaic account of the Creation, and avowed his utter unbelief in the God of the Bible, during which some of the audience evidently felt as if a lump of ice had dropped down their spine. We sup pose a little time, and some experience are required to enable the disciples of orthodoxy to listen with calmness to a speaker who mixes up God, Christ, Joseph the Holy Ghost," and the Virgin Mary, into a narrative with which to set people laughing. In reply to a vote of thanks, the Professor disclaimed any desire to scandalize the creed of anyone present! he had given them his opinions, which they were free to accept or reject, but he certainly believed that there was an opening in this beautiful district for the formation of a Freethought association, the members of which might mutually instruct one another by reading papers, by lectures, and by a general inquiry into science. One gentleman who was pro minent in inviting tlio Professor to give this lecture was conspicuous by his absence; if he had any opiuions on Wed nesday night,he was not equal to the task of maintaining the courage of his opinions, metaphysical or otherwise, when Sunday came round. And how will our local clergy deal with this new development? A queer world this. In one of the lake tribes visited by Livingstone, a woman expressed her profound disgust at Eng lishmen who had only one wife. Amongst the Basques the husband takes to his bed and receives the congratulations of friends when a child is born. In Malabar the Hindu looks upon sister's child as his heir, and the Nair regards his uncle as a closer relation than his own father. Mahomet, Zoroaster, Confucius, Buddha; of tho latter Canon Liddon once told his hearers that "it might be impossible for honest Christians to think over Buddhism with out some keen feelings of humiliation and shame." Wurtz wrote, " chemistry is a French science"! Bias, distorted opinion, is tho great enemy of progress. Matthew Arnold tolls us we ought to see things as they really are. May be the Bega Free thought- Association will help us. ' Received, a ticket for "Entertainment Front Seat," and a note conveying the compliments of the Wolamla Amateurs Dramatio Club; but neither note nor ticket say when or where the entertain ment js to be, and wo are not good at riddles. Court.—On Monday, the P.M. admon ished Alexande£Ericson*who promised not to take too mnch any more if he could help it, and said he would go out to his work at Brogo by the next morning's coach.—Deftnod Huuify,' apprehended in Sydney on wql∫ issued at Bega, was brought up and remanded tillto-morror. Accused stood charged with having, on September 14, stolon and earned away a chequo for £2-3s. 6d. signed by Hasling den and Rodd his late employers. On the 22nd., before Mr. G. O'M. Clarko, a Sydney Stipendiary Magistrate, Constable Fred. Andrews deposed to arresting ac cused, and finding upon him cash (is. Id., a purse, knife, and other articles, and in possession of a carpet bag and a small box. To the "apprehending constablo Hanify admitted he had forged his em ployers' n dine to a cheque for £1 10s 0d., j out of which he had paid Mrs. Orchard 14* Id.; others for £6 10s. and £'2 10s Gd, of which ho had paid Fensom Brothers £o 8s 4d. and £1 10s.; and another for £l 10s. he had cashed at Mrs. Clarke's, where he bought goods for 10s. and re ceived tho balance in change. lie also admitted that he had taken from his em ployers a saddle and a watoh, which he ] sold for 17s Gd. to a storeman at Cunning- i ham's; and that, in all, he had taken I about £5. Sergeant Church said that other proceedings would be initiated. Accused, for whom Mr. Manby appoared, was then removed in custody; bail not allowed. Before the P.M., yesterday, Ericson again appeared, and was fined Dickson, for forgery, was remanded | to Candelo; case to be heard on October 1st. A second charge of uttering a forged 1 order for £i 10s. was preferred, and will be hoard at Candelo. Mr. Manby, for tho accused, said there was a fatal objection I which he would present at tho proper time. Tho charges brought by the Police against O. W. Hind and others for allegod disorderly behaviour in the School of Arts at the Temperance Hall concert, was dis missed after Mr. Bawlinson submitted that there was no such offoace known to the law. The Police Act speaks of " a street or public thoroughfare," The P.M. thought the point raised must be upheld, although the disorderly conduct generally at the concert was bad enough, and he felt ashamed to preside over such a meet ing ; if all who had been disorderly had been summoned he would have stretched a point to meet them, but this case was evidently not within the meaning of the Act, and it and the others mmt be dis missed. Mrs. Worley applied for a maintenance order against her late hus band, Henry Edward Worley, a teacher, now of Mutton's Falls, betweon Oberon and Tarana. She deposed that she was j married in 1881, and resided at Meringlo I school with her husband, who left her in 18S2, since when he had given her nothing. On August 15. 18S2, she bore a femalo j child to defendant, who was informed of i the birth, and asked for maintenance, | which he had not yet given ; she claimed 10s. a week to support the child; could work to support herself In January de fendant gave her a written promise to pay 30a. a mouth, but had not done so. Order made that Worley should, beginning October 1, pay £2 per month to Sergeant Church; £2 2s professional costs allowed; summons 5s. lOd. The case was h< *r J ex qartt, a letter from defendant being put in, confessing he had received summons, but could not reach Bega in tiuie for court. James Cochrane was charged with furiously diiving a pair of horses in Carp street on Tuesday, September 18. Con stable Daly described the driving as done at a gallop ; on the other hand, witnesses spoke of one horse trotting, and the other cantering, and that the team was always under tho driver's control. Mr. Rawlin son reviewed the evidence and pointed out that no one had been injured. The P.M. said it was a case of defendant driving faster than he ought, and he must pay £2 and 4s. lOd. costs. Mr. Bawlinson drow the P. M?s attention to 17 Vict. 31, sec. 30, and the Bench thereupon reduced the fine to 20s., which was paid. In the Small Debts Court, E. Manby obtained judgment against W. Haigh for 20s. for rent, T. Bawlinson was granted an or der to eject Mary Ann Bolfe, a weekly tenant, from a house of plaintiff's in Little Church-street; plaintiff would not press for rent due, he merely wished to get rid of the tenant. Defendant was ordered to vacate on Tuesday next. Thomas Cassidy, charged with fraudulent insolvency, was committed for trial ut next Bega Sessions, Friday, October 26. Defendant filed his schedule on July 11; on June 27 ho drew £99 5s. lOd. from the Commercial Bank, and, on July Gth., £93 from the Bank of N. S. Wales; these moneys were not accounted for in his schedule. He said the money was his boys', but the bankers' evidence showed that he had acted as if he had full control ovor it. Bail allowed; self £80, and two snreties for £40;. pending the settlement of recognizance, defendant was removed to gaol. Hot low ay's Ointment and Pills will be found the best friend to persons afflite ed with ulcerations, bad legs, sores, abscesses, fistulas, and other painful and complicated complaints. Printed and very plain directions for the application of tho Ointment are wrapped round each pot. Holloway'salterativo Pillsshould betaken throughout the progress of tho euro, to maintain the blood in a state of perfect purity, and to prevent the health of tho whole body being jeopardised by the local ailments ; bad legs, old age's great grie vances, are thus readily cured, without confining the patient to bed, or withdraw - l ing from him or her the nutritious diet | and generous support so imperatively de I mauded. when weakening disease attack ! advanced years or constitutions evincing premature decrepitude. 