THE' WAT TIIET CHEATED THE LAW, ' !'v" Much as, vye admired| the, late Arch-, bishop of Canterbury, we, cannot but feel astonished, .at. his, .alio, tying himself, to be, persuaded, by one of his very last, acts to give his aid to a kind; of clerical jugglery so as to avoid the last penal effects of Mr. Mackonochie's long continued breach of the law. Just , as the bolt , is about to descend, after years of. litigation and: thousands of, money spent, the primate advises the delinquent to resign his living, vvith an understanding that be was to have another whose incumbent resigning was to take Mr. Macbonochie's place. Both these gentlemen were extreme ritualists ; and both were, designedly, acting in contempt of law, and- continue to do so after exchange. The, primate had frequently censured their practices. Yet it was his ailyice that originated this piece of shuffling.,, . On the occasion of the " Anniversary; Festival" of the, "Confraternity; of the Blessed Sacrament,", in London, the Rev. Mr. Mackonochie of St. Alban's,,Holborn, in his sermon asserted that, "that same, body which was born of the Virgin Mary, raised from the dead, and ascended into. Heaven, was now brought down from Heaven dtfd was present on a thousand altars at the same time ! Tliis was indeed a greater.' humiliation of our blessed Saviour than' was His life and death nineteen centuries ago. What a wonder ful thought," he said, "that, at the moment of consecration, the Holy Ghost rested on. the elements of bread and wine, and made them truly, really and substan tially the flesh and blood of Jesus Christ —that is, Jesus Christ Himself, the living God ! " " And then, brethren," continued he, "your God and Saviour enters your bodies under the forms of bread and wine when you receive the blessed Eucharist. And so God is in you of i a/ truth;" ' At another church, the prea,cher, . Rev. . W. D. Cleever, urged his fellow priests to drink the ablutions, that i?, the, water, used, to rinse tjio Communion vessels, in, order to prevent irreverence.. Thqre were processions with banners and crucifixe?; .gorgeous vestments, .lighted, cancjles, , incense, burnings and genuflexTi Ions, (and,, all., the degrading .accessories 'TO which ,the bread-god is; worshipped, ap d, a)l .this in a,. Church of.the.Reforma- 'tion!". ' . , 