The Essayist. "Queenslander" Sunday Papers. BY A.J.D. THACKERAY instituted the Roundabout, and why should not I establish the Sunday, Papers? The Roundabout Paper was a happy name, worthy of the genius that gave us ** Vanity Fair" and " Tho Newcomcs." It sug gested repose, coupled with mild exertion and gentle surprise. We entered a labyrinth; but the maze was beautiful with flowers—alive with the song of birds; and wo were quite sure of a safe retreat. No Roundabout Paper that Thackeray ever wrote was too long—all because it was a bargain for delightful discourse on any topic, on the sole condition that Thackeray, on hiß part, should have it all his own way; and we, on our part, wero to do nothing but listen—in no manner of way to think—but also not to yawn. With this understanding some of the most delightful papers in the world were written without anxiety—without effort—but With much wisdom, and were read with grati tude, admiration, and love; whilst the manners of the master and his scholars were charming to the last degree. And then what an audience Thackeray had! He spoke to a hundred thousand admirers every month. This quick ened his mind; it nearly roused him to a purpose; and, while he revelled in the re sponsibility it imposed, he was ever as playful as a child. The Roundabout Papers, like their author, have passed into immortal silence; therefore let the Sunday Papers wake restful thoughts, and beget that happy form of ex pectation which cannot be disappointed, and an attitude of the mind which can dream without the help of idle sleep. Sunday is our day of reßt; rest from labour; rest—if that may be—from pain. Do you re member that little incident about the Sabbath breaking Jew who was stoned for gathering sticks on the Day of Rest ? Let us read the words over again just for fun—although it waa no fun to the stick picker. "It came to pass that they found a man who gathered sticks on the Sabbath day, and him they took and put in ward, for it was not vet known what should be done unto him." He was stoned. "The congregation of Israel took him without the camp and stoned him till he died." Why was this wretched Jew killed in this brutal way? For simply gathering of sticks? Not only for that. His intention was to kindle a fire, and fire, especially from sticks, makes a ■moke, and smoke is a sore pain to sore eyes, and the camp then in the desert was full of men, women, and children, whose eyes would smart with pain from the smoke bo made. The man was punished for breaking a law which {rovided rest from labour and rest from pain, t was bad enough to bear the smoke of six working days, but for one selfish wretch to prolong that pain and stress of wood smoke for seven days was a breach of law worse than ■heep-stealing or house-breaking, and they ■toned him till he died. With such rigour did the governor guard the people's day of rest from labour and rest from pain. If this law has not been repealed, then, it would seem that all people who lock up the pictures on the day of rest, the flowers, the gardens, and the books, and put the key in their pockets, and then go to church, ought to be stoned. We who work for six days in the week with our eyes, whether in looking after sheep, or in keeping accounts, or in setting up type; or in reading letters and writinganswers; or in writing stories, or making shirts or breeches, or leading articles, or poems, histories, and police reports; or in acting plays, or other weighty labour which tries our senses, must rest. It is the divine law; and he, or they, or it, which hinders that rest—be it by making any kind of smoke, or pulling down the blinds, or blotting out the sun, or making the day dull instead of bright, beautiful, and happy—ought to be stoned; I do not say to death, but pelted in a sufficiently punishing way. Our idea of the Sabbath law being now per fectly clear, let us, on this our first day of rest that we have come together, confer on labour; for assuredly there can be no true, sweet, de lightful rest where labour is not the order of six days of the week at least. The lazy know no rest, and can never come into rest; rest cannot be bought in a shop or stored in a bank, or sold, or pawned; it is a simple, dear, de lightful thing to be enjoyed—like love, pure wine, and other beautiful things. Now the oldest form of labour is that of gar dening, as we all know, and the garden we have to labour in is the world. There have been many gardeners since Adam, the first, and planting and tilling have ever gone hand in hand with man's good. We British have gar dened a good space of time, and have entered into others' gardening and gardens. We brought the rose from the East to compare with that of our own hedgerows. We carried the dahlia from Mexico, or Dahl, the Swede, did it for us. The lupin and [nasturtium we got from Peru ; those formal flames called tulips we bought at great cost from the Dutch. Persia gave us the gold-orbed orange and the peach. Guiana the potato; and the pear, in its highest form and most excellent flavour, was an exchange with the French. Italy gave us the hop. Maize we first obtained from Turkey; but maize existed long before in far greater variety in the ancient kingdom of Ti-huanta-Suyu, now called by the meaningless name of Peru. The grape came to ns from Galle and Algiers; tobacco from His paniola. Tho yellow convolvolus, with its exquisite tuber, I carried myself to France from the highlands of the Magdalena, as well as the lily of the Holy Ghost from the swamps of tho shores of the Caribbean Sea. Cos gave us the soothing lettuce, the Andes the salsafe, aracachc, lupin, and the greatest of the potato group; also the healing bark, from which we extract quinine, now growing in vast abundance in tho gardens in India, Ceylon, and Jamaica, and also in Java, tended by the Dutch ; it will soon be plentiful in Queensland. We first, in England, got the turkey from Guatemala, sheep from Northern India, the goat from Thibet, the ass from Egypt, which also gave us wheat; and wo received the camel and its congener. the alpaca, with numerous birds of song and domestic fowls, besides the fruit of the pine, and olive, and fig, with numerous trees, and shrubs, and flowers, ferns, and fungi, from as many different lands. We have been mindful to some extent of the first command to man, to dress and keep the garden in which he was placed. How far we have allowed tho most wanton waste and cruel desolation to sweep away many gardens ot great renown and beauty need not now be insisted upon, nor need we dwell on the extent to which we have allowed our war-horses to trample many rose beds into mud, nor count up the spears and arrows which we have torn down from the trees; nor how many millions of acres of sweet grass we have burnt up by pouring on to them the scalding hot slag of our furnaces, and the dirt from our mines; nor will we now rehearse, because such knowledge is too weighty for pastime, the many millions of ruined men which these ruined landscapes have ruined. Perhaps the oldest gardeners in the world are the Chinese. We know the willow pattern by having it pictured on plates. It is the Chinese coat of arms. Great and peaceful and long-winged birds occupy the sky; the earth is watered by silver streams, which run through gardens; man goeth forth to labour from the evening to morning; all he does he does by handicraft No woman is seen delving; the tilth is man's. The woman in the willow pattern is spinning inside the cottage, now and then casting gracious glances at the gardener as he continues his toil. All creation is aglow with the fruits of honest labour. The ancient Peruvians—the Incas —however, exceeded the Chinese in their gardening. It was the custom of these wonderful people to make flowers in pure gold and silver, and plant them among nature's handiwork; and even in their fields of maize they made cobs of maize in gold and silver, and stuck them in the soil, as some of our modern maidens stick flowers made of coloured rags in their hair. But these great gardeners so subdued the earth to their will that they made it yield a shrub whose leaves are precious meat and drink; a food so wonder ful in its sustaining power as to excite a paralytic credulity in all who hear of its virtues for the first time. You who would know more of this shrub and its uses can turn to the pages of Garcilaso de la Vega, the German traveller Yon Tschudi, or Johnstone's " Chemistry of Common Life." The shrub is called the Ery throxulon coca. Nearly all those gardeners have long ago been turned out of house and garden—and all, absolutely all, those adorning gardeners had their brains knocked out by Christian Spaniards, who then rifled their gardens of the gold and silver ornaments, and afterwards trampled those gardens into bloody mire. At that time there were more than twenty millions of gardeners, in gardens which stretched from the Equator to the Tropic of Capricorn— who knew now to make the desert bring forth roses—who levelled the highest mountains, and trained living waters to wind their way round great hills. Of those twenty millions not more than four millions—if so many—remain; and these are now a purblind race, worshipping Bacchus only when he gives them wine, and Venus only in their lust. So it would seem that if we would labour it must be in dressing and keeping God's garden, and not in trampling it into mud; for it is only after this labour of keeping and dressing that any rest is due—any rest will come. The dear old unchristened Greeks used to say that labour overcame all things; and the Romans manfully Broved8 roved the saying to be practical. This proof ley gave in the colonies they planted, and the enduring straight roads which they built. Since Elizabeth's time we have neglected the British garden; but in these latter days we have stirred ourselves in other gardens, and the once repul sive landscape of our own Australia, left un weeded by dirty-nosed negroes, has been made a landscape of joy and gladness—a superior copy of that willow pattern of which we have spoken. India has sent its game birds, camels, and deer. The Mauritius has emptied its lap into the new land, whose rivers—once sluggish with slime and frog-spawn, and hideous with jagged snags—have been cleansed, and made fit for the salmon and the trout. In brief, there is no excellent thing in the British garden which does not grow better in the gardens of New Zealand ana the Australias. This is the rest-winning labour open to all of us—the weakest, the lowliest, as well as the strongest and most proud. No man, no system, no go vernment can keep us out of this garden; there is no flaming sword turning this way and that to frighten or hinder us; and, perhaps, if we prove ouselvcs equal to the labour of dressing and keeping the earthly paradise, we may attain unto the heavenly. We ought not to expect the heavenly on any other terms, let a million priests say what they may to the con trary. One word more: The milk or cow tree, the bread tree, butter tree— avocalo— the egg tree, and the water tree, remain still in that region of half light in which children delight to hear stories, and children of older growth cultivate a restful credulity. These wonderful trees have never been transplanted since the days of Columbus, except by learned societies, and then only as isolated curiosities. Perhaps a little knowledge of these wonders of the flora of another world may quicken a little human sympathy for the murdered folk in whose garden those trees formed distinguished fea tures ; and we may come yet to inquire into the way of life of those people, and cease our interest in the unimportant kings, queens, archbishops, soldiers, and adventurers who burnt those gardens up. The milk tree not only yields a beautiful stream of milk, but the milk itself gives cream and cheese ; the bread and butter trees surpass in delicacy anything we know under those names. While the water vine should interest us if only in helping us to believe with our understanding the tale that is told of Moses smiting the rock and forthwith there gushed out living water. The water vine is, in appearance, like the rock over which it creeps, and a rapid observer would not distin guish it from the rock itself, especially in colour. It was quite excusable on the part of the children of Israel to believe that the water they saw flow fled from the smitten rock. But we need not argue the point until we havo all seen the water vine, and drunk of its cool de lightful stream, and then argument will be needless nonsense. And now, children, is it not time for us to rest ? A New York merchant, while on a visit to Rome, gave an Italian sculptor an ordor for a standing figure of Joan of Arc. and when tho work had been finished was invited to the artist's studio to inspect it. "We Americans," said the Now Yorker, examining the podal extremities of tho figure, "aro great admirers of beautiful feet In a woman; but these feet are too broad and flat; supposo you trim their sides a little and raise their instep!" "But, signor," interrupted the sculptor, "the woman's whole weight iB resting on her foot, and that necessarily flactons them. "Pooh!" replied tho patron of art; "I want ideal foot. So take your knife, please, and pare down the sides." Tho Bides were pared, and the statue was at once accepted and paid for. Paris Joke.—Yesterday, in a pharmacy Eng lish, enters a young man blond afflicted of a hor rible stuttering. " I wa-wa-want,"says ho "somo p-p-p-pills of ip-ip-ip- ip—" " Hurrah!" cries him self the pharmacist impatient 