MELTON RACING CLUB RACES. The annual meeting of the Melton Club took place yesterday under rather unfavourable auspices. The weather was threatening m the early morning and drizzling rain was falling at intervals. By noon the weather cleared somewhat and the afternoon was cloudy but fine. The attendance of the local residents was not up to the average but there was a good muster of metropolitan visitors, and the sport passed off smoothly. Odds of 5 to 4 were laid on Cavalier, but Blue Bell won by half a dozen lengths. Black Diamond, with odds of 6 to 4 on him, won the Maiden Plate in a canter.Maldoa Wizard was made a warm favourite for the Melton Handicap at 5 to 3 on him, but he succumbed to Her Majesty, who won all the way. The Selling Race was won by Doctor, who upset the odds of 2 to 1 on Queen Elizabeth , and Stationer appropriated the Flying Handicap, odds of 2 to 1 being laid on him. Black Diamond won the Exford Plate in a canter. Appended are the results - lllMalCAI IIUitDLL BACE Of JO savs About mo II Iles Mr J I) Robertson a br m Ltluo Bell, by Argua Scandai 0 yrs Ost 41b (Kilby) _ _ I Mr J o liiLllas g g Cavalier, aged, Oat 101b (Inglis) _ " '_'__. Ur c1 Cripps s br m Yarree, C yrs Ost Oil) (Qiwltt) ._'__« Mr \V Harts li gPrldo Oyrs, lOst 71b (Casey) _ I Mr J II Fairchild s eli g Murrabong, 5 yrs Ost, carried Oat 41b (Jollott) i Dotting - 8 to 4 an Oavallor, 2 to 1 «get Pride, 0 to I nest Ltiuo Boll Yarroe led ovor tho first burdlo wbon Pride went to tho front and lad for a milo and a half, with Yarroo in closo attendance Murrabong was out pacod In the straight Bluo Boll shot to tho front, and carno homo nu easy winner by half a dozoq luii{,thu fruru Cavalier who boat Yarree by a head for placos, 1 rldo a bad fourth an 1 Murrabong walking MAIDEN ILATL Of 20 eovs. Ihroo quarters uf a milo Weight foi agc Mr J Paterson s bl g Black Diamond byHerculoB, l)yrs,8it ltlb (U i(,li_) _ -I Mr J Uarportb f Kroll Frou, 2 yre, Ost 131b (K11 hy) _ 2 Mr M lirai igan s b m Wild Lady. 0 yrs, Set lllb (Ornean) _ I Betting -0 to 4 on Black Diamond, who indulges tr u I rou with tho load to tho turn Into the stralihl ni ming when ha carno away, and won in a cantor bj two lengths, Wild Lady a bad third Timo, Im, -Os MbIXOV HANDIOAl Of CO eux* One milo and a halt Mr J P raircliildsbrm Her M Jeoly, by King ol the lltnir a yrs Ost 101b (Opie) _ 1 Mr J 1 alerten s cb (, WUard, 5 )r», fist Sib (Uu"l cs) -I Ur J O Iugllta b m Brenda eyre 7st dib (Murphy) . . S Mr J S Harpers b h Libert), 1 yrs "st 41b (Cops) _ _ _ C Butting -o lo 2 on Wlzird, 8 to I agit Dor Majesty, 5 to 1 agnt Brooda Mr Inglis sent them away to I 8 i K1 start Her UaJ"ty at, o ice assumed the lead, m 1 forcing tho pace all tho way B1 o won by Vam lei "lbs from Winard, Bixloui,tbs oil was Brenda Hilra, lime 2m las Bl LCISQ HACE Of "5 «ova Throo quarter« of a milo Weight foi a"e Wlnuor to bo sold for 100 sovs 71b allowed fur overy ro luction of 20 sova In solllui, price Mr J A Laue,« br li D dor jy Art,t_ Scandal, (£i0) I ira 8sC (MuBgravc) 1 Mr T Joioss brf Quoou Isllzaboth (£00) 3 yrB 7et Oil (Kllb)) . t I Mr LuiiUoy"» br h llautor (C76) 4 yrs, 8st Tin (Kotlo)) _ I Uuitliik -2 to 1 on Quocu Elizabeth, 3 to 1 end ae,st Doctor and Huntar Ador ruiiDiuir a tow strl les Queen Ellzaboth was li fr mt with Doctor laal an t sho lo I her Held to tbl lliUnce vvlioro BIIO WVB Jellied by Doctor whcbial hsr clsvorly l y a louetli mid a half Tiunter foe. loi gtlm away third linio 1m isle The wlunorwal I ut up, and boucht In for i_0 the reserve prtco ICilva HANDICAP, Of Iii eoVB Itali a milo Ur Tniisloy» ir u Stationer, by Flroworks Vein or 8st 1 b (Ketley) _ - \ Mr J Burbidge B br m Starlight ti yrs 7Bt (Boneo) 2 Mr It Joluibon us b f Prattlo, 4 )rs Ost 121b (Opio) _ 3 "Uti i, -! lo I on Stationer who In Inlgcd Star lll,lit willi the lead to tbo half distance whei hodro» tu tho front, an I son by half a longth , Prattlo who I tu i, at tim start an I lost six or olt,l_ longtba, llnlsluil a length off Time 03s LA1011D HATE Handicap of 40 s ii s Oi e milo VV inner of tho Melton Han Heap to cam 71b oJtra Mr J Paterson B 11 ir Black Diamond, by Horcules, Oyrs Ost 101b (Dobson) - l Mr 1 Ji lies s ch or ro b lho Ghost 6 yin Sat, lSlb (Kllby) _ _ , , s Mr J O InirllBBbgBuzzí 6)rs 7flt 21b , carried 7.1 01b (Mun by) - , , " Mr I »lilley s br li Statlonor 4 yre 8st 8tb (Kotlo)) 0 Rallli k - r to 4 ntBt Black Dianioi d 0 lo 2 aft Tbu On st S u 1 agit Statlonor and Uuzia Ho Uliost ami lluzzv i.ot tho bolt of ti o Bia« After run hu, a furloi c. Black Dlsmtnd assume I tuo linJ anil forclne the p»co bo won sall!) by Bit leo(,ttts fr ni Ino Ob st win was olglit lout,-s lulroiitoi Bllrza limo Im 4rjl 