Sketcbey. PIC-NICING IN STRANGE PLACES. “ Wiieiie to I I fancy someone exclaiming on reading this title. Well, my friend, if you arc patient for a short time I shall endeavor to explain, and at the same time entertain you for somo five or ten minutes with an account of one of the most enjoyable cainp-ing out pio-nics it has over been my good fortune to enjoy, and maybe you will wish, as I do, it were to come over again with yourself as a member of the merry party, or what would be better still, you will set about collecting your many young friends and secure their eternal gratitude by organizing one yourself. Not to keep you in suspense any longer, the oaves to which I allude are in Tasmania, at the foot of the Western Tiers, and their beauties and fame are not, I believo much, known in our colony of Victoria. This no doubt is caused partly by their situation being in a rather wild and certainly not much frequented part of the fair little island, and partly because after a long winter or rainy season, aooess to the most beautiful of them is difficult, if not impossible. From this you wiil gather that they are only to be visited in summer. At that season of the year our sister island has many visitors from all tho colonies, and the summer of which I have such pleasant recollections was no exception to tho rule. I, with many others, found myself, after a year's hard work in go-a- head Victoria, recruiting bodily and mental energies in one of those picturesque, quaintly, old-fashioned villages one so con stantly sees in peaceful, happy Tasmania. My friend’s house was situated on the erest of a hill, with a background of deep blue moun tains, and overlooked the village across somo two miles of undulating paddocks, through which a tiny stream gurgled and rippled over stones, and round corners, whispering tender nothings to the drooping willows and fairy like ferns that grew on its banks. This particular summer, a few years ago, had gathered many young people in this, and the neighboring villages. My then home con tained six young girls, spme. of them just fresh from school, and full of fun and frolic two of their brothers, a college ohum of one, a budding ourate, and last, but not least, a young fellow fresh from the “ould oountrie,” dubbed by the girls " greenhorn,” who, according to their ideas, had no mission in life save the exalted one of serving as a butt for their gentlo pleasantries and marvellous tales of colonial life, which, for all tho grave face of wonderment and simplicity he wore, I fancy from an occasional twinkle in the comer of his eye, were not all taken in with out tho proverbial salt. This party kept the old house merry enough, and the large dining room, old-fashioned school-room, tangled garden with its winding shady paths rang with peals of laughter, snatches of song, or formed tho convenient refuge for u pair of declared lovers, a pair of incipient ones, and a three months old bride and her groom, who, in my opinion, were the worst of tho I The village and those around furnished youny ladies of their own, besides some Mel bourne, New Zealand, and Adelaide visitors, two thin bronzed Indian soldiers on sick leave, several Victorian and Queensland squat ters,the usual sprinkling of doctors, curates, •and invalids, besides those nondescript things yclept boys. After several weeks of riding, driving, lawn, croquet, and tennis parties—to say nothing of a tea-meeting and local concert— we found ourselves one evening discussing with much earnestness the possibility of a trip to the caves, the descriptions of which given by the natives, made nil the visitors im patient to explore them. Before separating a committee of ladies wns appointed to ar range concerning eatables, bedding, Ac., and for gentlemen to look after wagonettes, dog carts, and tents. One rule we strictly adhered to, to have no married folk, savo a Mrs. Hasp, whoso husband wns travelling in Europe, to ohaperono the girls, and Mr. and Mrs. Spoonington, the young couple just mentioned.' Wo decided to remain at least three nights out, and finally arranged to start tho following Tuesday. Imagine for your self the babble of tongues, the turning out of old dresses 1 done up’ for the occasion, with fascinating new bows, the fluttering of excited young hearts, and last, but not least, tho anxiously studied weather in tho few inter vening days. At last the morning dawned, fresh and fair, and by eight' o’cloolc tho whole party were at the rendezvous, fivo dog-carts (a speciality of Tasmanian travelling), ono buggy, nn arrangement much like an enlarged edition of tho Cobb’s coach' of earlier days, carrying, I think; fourteen. I, with some six horsemen, made up' our number to thirty one. A merry, •morry party,‘ and tho list of acoldonts only served to increase the (un, as none of them were serious. First ® shoe lost from one of the carts, a broken rein dor another, harness, traces, polo, for soveral others, till at last every vohiolo' had somo slight adventurol to boast of. rOur road for somo miles was Ordinary enough, and in ono or two villages wn passed through by kcoping. olosoly together, Iwo mado n most imposing speotacle for tho quiet inhabitants who turned out’ with wido- bponcd oyes and mouths to wonder where wu all eamo from, disturbing tho poaoeful sleepiness of their streets. At last wo mado a halt for dinner at tho foot of two stcep'rocky hills, very aptly called “ Tho Noodles.” There! beside a tiny fern-hiddon brook we rested, joked, laughed, and enjoyed our good things, the young folks having mostly their own cavaliers, wbrewaitodon and enter tained entirely to their oontent. Fern-hunting followed as a matter of course, while regrets wore heard on all Sides, when after an hour’s rest tho horses were once more put to, and another start made. At last our journey was a tiling of tho past, the distant mountains gradu ally got nearer, or rather we got nearer to them, till wo found ourselves unpacking just at tho foot of one of the 'chain, in a thickly-wooded bush with a range of rathor stoop hills just in front of us, and tho murmur of a stream not far off. Under this ridge of hills wo were told tho caves extended for miles. Leaving tho horses to be unharnessed by somo of our mon-folk, most of the party in twos and threes made their way into what is called tho dry cave, though the appropriateness of its namo seemed rather questionable when wo were greeted on our entrance to its black-yawning mouth by a rush and roar of water so deafen ing that until slightly used to tho sound wo wero unablo even to hoar tho voices of our nearest companions. We scrambled down tho steep brush covered path, and wero faced by huge frowning queer-shaped rooks, in a largo dimly-lighted room, in which, ns our oyeB beenmo accustomed to the light, wo could seo several - arches opening in various directions. Through theso a considerable stream rushed with a quick dashing sound over tho rocks, clear, sparkling, and ioy cold, as wo soon found on yielding to the irresistible temptation to dip in our hands and drink of this living water. ■ The silence, solitude and grandeur filled us with a fooling of almost awo in which no one spoke, but wo sat about on different rocks, fascinated by the wild and rugged majesty, or wandered quietly to look in at tho openings all around, though we wero forbitklon to go far unless with a former visitor to whom tho ground would bo: somewhat familiar. In this manner, after ourious peerings over queer chasms and round uncanny corners, tlireo of us. found ourselves at the bottom of what might have been a deep well, two sides of which, almost perpendicular, opened somo 50 feet above us, and let down flickering beams of tho fast-fleeting day. These sides wero adorned at intervals with ferns, and a bird having its nest in a crevice, darted out and up startled by our steps and voices. A third side loomed far back in darkness, and out of it, about six feet up, tumbled our old friend the stream, falling down to a dark, quiet-looking pool at our feet. Wo sat long on the moss-grown rocks over which wo came, and on our return found tea had been pre pared by the busy workers in tho daylight, as well as tho two tents pitched. Glad enough wo were of tho roaring camp fire and good fare of tho tea table. Tea over, there still re mained enough light for a short ramblo in tho many fairy.like nooks that surrounded us, ere the bell at about 8 o’clock summoned all wanderers as a slight shower was falling. When grouped in tho tents and wagon, ghost stories and stories of all sorts gave amuse ment for a good hour. The supper bell then rang a signal for general meeting round the camp fire, for biscuits, cake, gossip, inter change of opinions, and afterwards sleepy good-nights. But though turning in thus early, a drowsy murmur continued some time in spite of orders to tho contrary from our worthy chaperone. Evon then the night was broken by cries of11 Oh, there’s an “ inch man ” on me ! ” from somo terrified sleeper, and, much to tho disgust of the other votaries of Somnus, candles were lit and tho enemy killed. An incliman, I may remark, for the benefit of all whom it may concern, is an ant somewhere over an inch long, a very disagree able bed-fellow 1 As our tent polo was tied to a large tree, tho creatures crawled along it and dropped down on somo unfortunato sleeper’s face. Being unaccustomed to BUch visitors, she insisted on getting rid of them in the speediest manner possible, and hence the disturbance. • Unable from tho novelty of our situation to sleep late, several of us awoke before 5 o’clock the following morning, and hurriedly slip ping on our clothes, stole quietly away from the sleepers and down to tho cave, where wo indulged in a bath in tho clear icy water, and feeling as fresh as tho new- born morning itself, set out up tho hills exploring. After some half-hour’s hard scramble, we perched on a ledge of rock on tho summit of the hill belonging to our quondam dressing-room; overlooking the tall shady old trees of tho surrounding bush, and chatting pleasantly as we watched life in the camp gradually stir ring. Some of the party off to see about the horses, several with towels round their necks, marching through tho hush to a distant creek for their matutinal bath. Others, whose movements were most interesting, lay ing the doth under a- shady tree, and looking after thoso hundred and ono items which mean breakfast. As we felt rather idle on our lofty seat, we concluded that to entertain was at anyrate something towards earning the good things below, so we sang songs and hymns, which, echoing far over the tree topB in that solitary place, with tho grand ever lasting mountains surrounding us on all sides, called forth hearty and repeated en cores from the tent folk beneath, till, at last, cries of “ breakfast ’’ floated up to us through the keen morning nir, and we hastened to appease that ferocious monster “appetite,” whioh wo had discovered in our early ramble. (To be continued.) 