• THE MYSTERY OF GLAMIS CASTLE. The Strathmore family is one of the oldest and most historicai o£ Scotland. The} r have been Earls since 423, and inhabit a no less historical castle than that of Grlamis, associated with the Macbeths. In 14-55 lady Strathmore, falsely accused of conspiracy by wichcraft against the life of King James IV. of Scotland, was burnt in the Graseemarkets, Edinburgh. Her son, driven desperate by presecution, flung himself over a rock and perished immediately. The title remained some years dormant, but was revived by James I. of England, VI. of Scotland. It is said the lady of Strathmore cursed her family for having abandoned her in her distress. Be this as it may, here is what recently transpired in this ancient house. For four generations there has been a mystery at Glaims Castle which no one has ever been able to fathom. Some said it was a ghost, others a mysteriously hidden treasure; but rumours of a more or less uncanny nature floated round the country, and have done so for about 93 years. Four Earls of Strathmore have seated themselves in ancestral state at Westminster, and yet all the while the real Earl, the eldest of the family, was alive hidden in the vast old feudal palace at Glamis. He died only last year, aged 92 years, and he was a monster. He stood eight feet in height. ' His head and the upper part of his body resembled that of a toad. His skin was marked with black and white blotches, and his hands were webbed. He could not speak or hear, but his eyes were bright but wild. He never showed signs of reason, and in ordet to avoid legal difficulties and painful revelations, this horror was hidden in a building erected on purpose. ilis r- were paid handsome annuities to keep silent. As each Earl succeeded to the estate he was taken to see this terrific creature, and it is said that one of these gentlemen almost t,lost his reason in beholding the loathsome and gigantic horror. Last year the poor wretch died, and his secret has come out, owing to difficulties concerning the disposal of his remains. The most extraordinary part of it all is that the whereabouts of the monster Earl was kept so wonderfully quiet, and also that he lived to such an advanced age. 