ENTERTAINMENTS. ACADEMY OF MUSIC. MISS POMEROY'S BENEEIT. Miss Louise Pomeroy took a wall deserved benefit at the Academy of Music last night, when "Hamlet" was placed on the stage. There was an excellent house, the dress circle being better-filled than it -has been at any time during the season. The lower portion of the house was filled to excess. It is a'plea sure thus to have to record the fact that Miss Pomeroy's, endeavours to cater to-the public amusement have been properly recognised. It will be remembered that when she last visited Ballarat, Miss Pomeroy undertook the part of Hamlet with marked success, con* sideriog the. great, difficulty under which she laboured at the time on account of it being her first appearance in that character. Her efforts of. last night clearly showed that in. tho interval Mies Pomeroy has studied the part well, and In many instances that could -be pointed out, if our. space permitted, she baa made considerable Im provement. We can ’only now deal generally with her assumption of the character, by say-, log that it was from beginning to end a pains taking and clever piece of acting. / The audi ence was greatly pleased with Miss Pomeroy's conception of the part,'and frequently called her before the curtain. Miss Florence Lewis, for the first time here, undertook the part of Ophelia,.in which she hid. amplo room for the ' display of her abilities. Miss Florence Lewis, as Queen Gertrude, created a favourable impression; and acted with becom ing dignity. Mr Arthur * Elliott appeared to advantage as Laertes, a pvrt for which he appeared to be in many re-pecls suited. Mr Appleton as the Ghost acted, as he always does, well. -Mr Harry Leaton, in the part of the First .Gravedigger, appeared to better ad vantage than we have yet seen him during the present season. "Hamlet" will be repeated to-night, An entertainment was held in the Tempe rance ball; in connection with the Presbyte rian Church, Buulnyopg, on Thursday even* iiig. There was a very good attendance. The Rev. T, Hastie occupied the chair. The entertainment consisted of recitals, music, nod singing. Mr Robson did (he. reciting portion of the entertainment, and was applauded by the audience; Misses Graham and Johnston, and Messrs A. C. Carnegie and Dunn contri buted the singing portion of (be programme.. Mr- A. C. Carnegie- was encored every time; Mr Bailey officiated at the piano in a masterly style. "God'save the Queen", wound up a very enjoyable evening. 