THE «"RC ROBINSON " SWING BRIDGE. The event of latter partoOasfc week was the completion and public opfenihg of this excellentlydesigned and executed" structure. Its hiBtory is well-known: it supersedes the old swing-bridge which the South Australian Company erected about a quarter of a century ago, and which was, on the construction of the new dock, found too small for traffic and otherwise inconvenient. Justice Boucaut happily disposed of a costly and vexatious law-suit by suggestion of a conference, the result being on agreement to erect a bridge,* and an apportionment of the expense—the S. A. Company £3,000, Dock Company and Commercial Wharf Company each £2,500, and the Government the remaining £4,000 or £5,000. The S.A. Company liberally conceded necessary laud, anil by the good offices of the popular Mayor of that day, H. W. Thompson, Esq., the whole was brought to a happy settlement with satisfaction to all excepting one dissentient member of the Port Corporation. TIIE CONTRACT was taken by Messrs. Baillie, Davies, & Wishartat at about £12,000, and on all sides it is conceded that they have honestly and skilfully carried out their engagements. THE STRUCTURE. The water-way spanned is 60ft. 6in. ; depth at ordinary high tide such as to pass vessels drawing 28ft. The foundation is described by competent persons as " splendid " for strength and solidity. In 33 feet square there are no fewer than 90 piles driven to a depth of 40 feet below low water-mark, the heads strongly framed and bolted and the whole enclosed by sheet-piling, aud then the interior is bedded solid with cement concrete in which 1,000 casks of Portland cement were employed. The bridge can be handled by two men, the swinging occupying a little more than a minute. The bridge is built on the irregular-bow and girder principle, and was so well designed and built (Messrs. Handysides, of Derby furnishing it) that no difficulty was found in putting it together in a remarkably short space of time. As a design it is monumental of the skill of the Engincer-in-Chief. THE OFENINO CEREMONIAL. The members of the Marine Board conceived it their duty to invite His Excellency the Governor to open the Bridge, which they had named after Sir William, and His Worship the Mayor felt it Incumbent upon him to entertain the Governor and the Ministry and principal citizens at a banquet in the Town Hall after the opening ceremonial. This was a simple affair: a baptism with a bottle of champagne, the cutting a blue-ribbon barrier, swinging the bridge (occupying lmin. 22secs.), and triumphal aquatic procession of the S.S. Governor Musgrave and one of the Steam Tug Company's boats. Then an adjournment to THE BANQUET. This part of the affair was to have been a big blunder and a most miserable failure: it was instead a very great success! Its arrangements were the reverse of niggardly, and the company assembled was large, representative, and distinguished. There were persons of many classes, conditions, ind avocations: divines of very various shades of religious conviction and profession—some who would have horrified and some who would have delighted any wan old ghost of a puritan; marines, seasoned and unseasoned; moralists and moral people; some who would be a credit to any aldermanic feast in the world, and others manifestly lineal descendants from Pharoah's lean kine; seadogs old and young; bankers looking for once without excessive interest; bankers' clients looking as comfortable as they could; scientists exact ana inexact; magistrates, lawyers, doctors, literati, and unclassed professionals, and at least one Port agent— if not more! The tables v.'ere laden with a pleasant refection, the caterer—bravo! well done Mr. Addison—having taken ample care that nothing that could be desired in the list of cold viands, pastry, and non-intoxicants should be found a- wapting, Among THE GUESTS Were besides His Excellency and his Aide, the Hon. the Treasurer, Hons. Murray Sandover, C a rr, Colton, and Pickering, Messrs. Bower (vioe-phair) and Mattinson; Revs. Kirby, Angus, Green, wd Prior; the members of the Corporation; Captain Fereuspn and the majority of the .. Ma^Se Board,_Dre. C^-— • - Ve have already given a generally descriptive list, of the well-nigh two hundred, and need not tire our readers. THE SPEECHES were considerably above the average of post prandial utterances, though some persons might possibly be found to complain that they lacked the mellowness and spirit usual at such entertainments when given with the ordinary brews and vintages. Suffice it to describe that, His EXCELLENCY proved the old copy-book axiom " practice makes perfect," and said some very neat and not less palatable things. The MAYOR showed he was not destitute of shrewd courtly graces; and Ex-Mayor THOMPSON in proposing "the Ministry" exhibited the happy faculty or talent he possesses Of public speaking at the shortest notice. The Hon. the TREASURER, apologising for the absence of his colleagues, cleverly shirked a responsible utterance, announced the Ministerial determination to live, in fact, they never thought less of becoming extinct; and fished for the support of our junior member, Mr. Mattinson, for the Government Taxation scheme during the present week. He also promised that the Government would rise Phoenix-like from their ashes !—a purely poetical form of expression. Mr. T. HACK, J.P., proposed "The Parliament." Besides complimenting our local members, with his usual good-natured enthusiasm, and conviction said that the Legislature did everything for the best, and with a single eye to the colony's glory. Supreme and touching faith I He reviewed their work, and said they had shown their confidence in the future of the colony. The Hon. W. SANDOVKR responded for the Legislative Council", and showed that there was a strong spice of Radicalism in his system. He even believes that the wealthy should bear their fair share ef taxation. . -Mr. BOWKR replied for the Assembly in as straight from-the-Rhoulder a speech as he has ever given. He {gu ttti Sandover tad just «nd liberal views, ~ „ f and'sympathised with the workersand toilers o. society, and he felt sure if there had been a genera disposition in the Council to accept the responsibility of the position, there would have been a taxation bill long ago. There had been a cheerful willingness to join in borrowing and spending money, but when it was proposed to arrange to repay there was a lot of wire- pulling among the wealthy to prevent legislation. He felt that if we did not arrange as a colony to meet our just engagements, the time would come when we should repent having borrowed. The time was approaching when the Parliament would have terminated its three years, and he hoped the electors would look round, and speak out Openly and candidly. There was a talk of paying members of Parliament; and however much he was disinclined to that—believing the honor of the position an ample reward—he thought it quite possible that it would be forced on the country if representatives did not do their duty. (Applause.) Mr. MATTINSON felt called upon to speak because of the direct compliment paid to him by a former opponent, Mr. Hack, who had admitted that he had served the constituency well—a fact which he trusted they would remember at the next general election ! and also because the Hon. the Treasurer had challenged him as to a continued support of the Government on the question of taxation. They all knew that there had been no stronger supporter than himself in the taxation scheme as first submitted by the Government; but how could they expect him to turn round as they had done, and now accept the policy that he and they had all along opposed ! He could not consistently support them now. . Rev. Canon GREEN gave the most "taking speech of the evening—first disposing of the local Brass Band then on duty under the conductorship of Mr. Morgan, and expressing his readiness, no matter at what sacrifice to his personal feelings, to make a present of it to the city ? and then scarifying the Marine Board, in his own special witty jocular fashion, and so effectively that two of the members of that body who were present indignantly retired from the room. He kept his audience aglee with broadening faces and sniggling laughter—all but the gentlemen directly concerned, and sat down with the air of a man who had the proud satis faction of having done his duty. Perhaps he had. The PRESIDENT of the Marine Board replied for himself and colleagues wisely eschewing any attempt at an exchange of coin with the reverend speaker, but giving some gratifying statistics of the value of dredging operations—9 ft. Gin. on the Inner Bar was now doubled ; aud at high tide the largest ships afloat, barring the. Great Eastern could come up the river to Port Adelaide so far as the depth was concerned, and he trusted that they would shortly have width enough for the largest class of vessels to swing in. Captain Brinsden's pamphlet on the silting up of the Port River lacked foundation fact: the alleged silting up was a myth. The contemplated further dredging to 24 feet in the shallowest part of the river, with a width of 250 feet, equal to the removal of three millions of yards of silt, would cost £200,000, and would take about six years to complete. He was hoping Coalshed Wharf would be made capable of accommodating the largest steamers afloat. The REV. J. C. KIRBY, in proposing " the Corporation of Port Adelaide," spoke of the educational and direct advantages of local self-governirent, and urged there should be an enlargement of municipal boundaries here to include suburban populations, and promote large undertakings. Mr. Councillor BKATTIE undertook response, and did his duty well. The Hon. John CARR gavs the " Town and trade of Port Adelaide" with creat applomb, and alluding to the natural disadvantages of the place, remarked that if it were true that difficulties were man's greatest benefactors—bccause in struggling with them men gained strength—then the citizens of Port Adelaide were the strongest men he knew. He felt enthusiastically sure of a great future for the port of ill? colony. The MAYOR RESPOND excellently : and Captain BICKERS said amiable things about the toast, the "South Australian, the! Dock, and the Commercial Wharf Companies," floutuT* the idea of an Ocean Dock. . Mr. BBIND, the clever representative of the e>. Company, replied with just so much and no more than discretion and good breeding demanded. Mr. Councillor HADDY gave " The Contractors for the Bridge," and Mr. WISHART responded honeptl v, taking occasion to compliment the designer of the bridge, and administration of the Public Wor k " Apartment. ( 4 , , u ^ His EXCELLENCY said gr&eeful; things about the Mayor and his abundant and gratifying hospitality; and that official replied, making reference to the snecial feature of the banquet (the absence of intoxicants) as an evidence that whilst willing to sacrifice time and personal convenience, he would never sacrifice principle. (Loud applause, and dispersion at ten p.m.) 