Scenes and Sketches of Australian Life. RED DICK THE STOCKMAN. CHAPTER XI. OLD THREADS PICKED UP. BY "BUSH NATURALIST." WE, who had accidentally met in that far-off Gulf homestead after the fatigue of a hot summer's day, spent a pleasant and sociable evening chatting about old times and places. Some chance word brought up the name "Silcoates," and that led to the discovery that Mrs. Thornley was no other than Helen Dainbridge, the self- willed heroine of the opening chapter of this story. Although, as a schoolboy, I had heard something of her story in connection with the gipsy's prophecy, yet were we perfect strangers to one another. But it is curious how, in Australia, a very little circumstance, if in any way connected with our life in the old country, will cause a feeling of friendship to spring up. There is a romance, a halo, remaining to us of our young life, although in reality we all of us have left the old for this new world on purpose to better ourselves. I have, in the early days of the cradle and long-tom, seen strong rough diggers crowd round and be quite delighted at the sight of an English daisy, placed for view on a gin case in front of a canvas erection dubbed hotel. And this simple little flower caused a fraternising among these strangers which of course ended in their going in and having a drink!—the very object aimed at by the enterprising landlord. The same respect I have seen given to, and the same plea sure evoked by, a draggle-tailed specimen of a poor caged English robin; and I, myself, have walked ten miles on purpose to hear the song of the skylark in Australia, although, alas! it came from a cage and not from the skies. So it was no wonder that, "Yorkshire" having once come up as a topic of conversation, the reserve of strangers should vanish and we all feel like old friends. It is not for me to judge whether Helen Dainbridge made the ambitious marriage she contemplated when she rejected Richard Wynn, but from her I learned that Mr. Thornley had for many years been a squatter in Victoria, but that shortly after she had married him, and had come out to these colonies to live, things had begun to go hard with pastoralists in that colony. The wave of free-selection had reached his run, and he had suddenly found himself left with a homestead area only on which to graze several thousand head of cattle. So he had sold off the most of these and started for Northern Queensland with the present lot, or rather he started them on before, and had, with his wife, joined company with his drover at Aramac. Of course during the evening's conversation I was asked as to what I thought of Jack Ralsh's yarn about the Dead Finish haunted camp. This was rather a poser to me, for, although personally I had never seen the ghostly stockman, in common with all old residents in the district, I had heard so much about it from persons who could not be accused of wilful attempt to deceive, that I had come to believe there might be some foundation to the story. Moreover, I knew for certain that cattle would never camp voluntarily upon that plain, even in the daytime, although it was one of the most tempting places upon that end of the run. Inquiries as to the ghost brought up the name of Red Dick, and this led to my telling to the stranger his history, as far as I knew it, since his engagement with Mr. Stapleton. Mrs. Thornley took great interest in the poor fellow; she could not explain why. But she expressed her opinion that he was a fine fellow, adding: "He must have been crossed in love. I don't believe he ever committed any crime. A man is only reserved about his past life when a woman is at the bottom of his trouble." "I quite agree with you, Mrs. Thornley," I replied; "Dick was too open-hearted and too kind to others and to animals ever to have been criminal in his acts. I am inclined, now that you mention the idea, to think that your solution of my poor stockman's trouble is the right one. However, I never remember to have heard him in the slightest way refer to such a thing. It must have been a very deep stab he got, and I should be inclined to think he was more sinned against than sinning himself. Do you know that it often occurred to me that I had seen him years before, but upon my mentioning the subject one day that we were camped out he laughed at the idea, said it was impossible, and turned the conversation." "Did you not tell me that that horrid man Brooks, who kept the Dead Finish Hotel, was the poacher who was transported for nearly killing one of my father's keepers?" "Yes. I should never have known it, although I remember well the excitement caused among us boys by the news of the affray, had he himself not told me. When he found out I was from Silcoates College he opened his heart to me, for he said I was the only person he had ever met with in Australia that came from his old home of Alverthorpe, and I had to tell him all about everyone, yourself not excepted." "Did he ever say what had become of Richard Wynn, whom doubtless you will remember as the son of our eccentric old clergyman at Alverthorpe ? He left for Australia just about the time of Brooks's transportation, and I never heard of him afterwards." I looked closely at Mrs. Thornley as she made this remark, for I still remembered the reports about her jilting him, and of the gipsy's prophecy; but she did not raise her eyes to enable me to judge of her present feeling towards her old sweetheart; when, however, I replied in the negative there was a touch of strong pathos in the tone in which she said—" Poor lad! I should dearly like to know." Thus, in talk about olden places, the evening passed quickly away. Mr. Thornley ridiculed the idea of any danger to his cattle from ghostly causes, with all the ardour of a stern materialist, and he pressed me to come and spend the night with him at the haunted camp, and so banish for ever from my mind the remnants of old Yorkshire superstitions, which he said he could detect still to have a slight hold of my mind. I willingly accepted the invitation, for a friendship had sprung up between us all, and the thought of another evening's friendly conversation was pleasant to one who, like myself, had such lonely times of it in general. But, independent of this, I had previously decided to camp with the cattle, for, ghost or no ghost, I quite expected there would be a "smash" in the mob, and I wanted to be at hand if such a thing did happen. Upon making known my intention, Mrs. Thornley warmly seconded her husband's invitation, saying : " Thank you, Mr. Cooper; I am sure you will not accuse me of flattery when I say that both my husband and myself will be very glad of your company. For, although I too join with Mr. Thornley in laughing at your ghostly rider, it will be pleasant to spend another evening in talking over old times and old events. Besides, notwithstanding my disbelief in the supernatural, it is rather nervous work sitting up in this lonely bush waiting for a demon-stockman to appear and disperse the cattle." And so it turned out that on the afternoon of the third day from the arrival of the strangers I found myself riding through the belt of twenty-five miles of scrubby country that intervened between the homestead and the old site of the Dead Finish hotel. Chapter XII. VOICES OF THE NIGHT-TIME IN AUSTRALIA. It is impossible for even such a lover of natural beauty as myself to call that twenty five miles' ride from the station to the old Dead Finish hotel an interesting one. The brigalow and gidia scrubs are quite as dreary in appearance as their congeners the mallee of the South; yet they are totally different in in habit. Moreover, there were not wanting signs to show that much of this scrub was flooded land. Indeed, at intervals there would be a break in the scrub, and then that still more desolate-looking description of country which is covered with the flooded-box —or, as it is commonly called, coolibah—would be entered upon. This coolibah is an unfailing sign that some time or other flood waters surround it. It may not be so every year, or even every two years, but where it is growing there the flood will come. Much of the level country that encircles, for a hundred miles back, the southern end of that great gulf—Carpentaria— is, during the wet season, under water. In fact, the many enormous rivers that here find their way into the sea are split up into innumerable ana-branches; so that there is a perfect network of rivers, and the waters of the Saxby, Flinders, Norman, Leichhardt, Gregory, and Albert may almost be said to, at times, join together. It thus happens that, during the dry season, the traveller finds him self journeying for scores of miles over country which is a real fresh-water sea in the summer time. High over his head can be seen the debris left by the last flood waters—huge logs 50ft. up in a tree fork; vast accumulations of grass, branches, and rubbish, and, maybe, the dried-up carcases of cattle and horses. I never yet rode through similar flooded land without it creating an intense feeling of depression in me. It has a peculiar crushing effect upon the mind—as if nature were master of the position, and man powerless. Jack Ralsh's fear of being caught in the flooded lands of the Alexandra Lagoon-country was no imaginary one. It was near Christmas-time, and the summer rains might set in any day. Then woe betide the drover who cannot find a comfortable and extensive sand-ridge upon which to camp for the next two or three months! With the exception of the Dead Finish plain I do not think there was a single such sand-ridge between the old hotel site and the homestead of the station. I had been travelling west all the afternoon — that means with the hot setting sun full in the face — and this is always a fatiguing ride. Moreover, in the northward heavy cumulus clouds were piling one over the other, and the growling rumble of the distant thunder was almost constant. The air was close and muggy, and altogether I felt tired and fatigued to more than an ordinary degree by the time the covered waggon of my friends was to be seen snugly camped at the Dead Finish water. Hearty and cheery was the welcome which I got from my host of the camp, and I was soon served with a cup (not a pint-pot, as is the right thing for all drovers' outfits) of good tea, which, together with those delicate morsels, the pink- eyed wild duck and light fresh scones, was put before me in a style of comfort unusually seen by us poor Gulf residents— especially at a camp fire. The cattle, which had been kept grazing upon the little plain until after sundown, in order that their appetites might be fully satisfied, so that they would be inclined to camp steadily all the night through, were gently moved up to their allotted camping place, and by dark had all quietly settled down in that regular way cattle get into after many weeks' droving. Jack Ralsh was absent. His occupation was not that of drover in charge, but that of pioneer; and, acting in that capacity, he had gone on ahead to reconnoitre the route through the scrub, and to see if he could find any water nearer than the twenty-five-mile creek. He had told Mr. Thornley that he could not possibly be back before daylight, but that he certainly would be back by that time, for it was absolutely necessary that an early start should be made in order to get over the dry stage. "I only hope you will have the cattle to start with, but I very much doubt it," was his parting remark to his employer. The truth was that Jack was really glad to get away from the haunted camp; he was not the man to have made an excuse for absenting himself, yet he was very well pleased that it was impossible for him to be present. "Well," he said to himself as he rode away and turned his horse's head westward towards the scrub, "I'm d—d glad to be away; for if this pig-headed new-chum squatter, with his fal-de-rals and white Mary, is able to count a hundred of those cattle to-morrow morning my name is not Jack Ralsh. However, I have my written agreement with me all right enough. He says he is a materialist—whatever that is— and that there is nothing beyond this life and this world. Hum! he has never had the horrors! That's certain. Well, I'll get back as soon as I can and help the poor fool to collect the stragglers again; but it will be a bad job, for the wet season will catch us, and that Diamantina mob will get the country after all." The party now camped at this ill-favoured Dead Finish waterhole consisted of the squatter and his wife, seven white men, four blackboys, and myself, so that as far as numbers went we were quite strong enough to fight an army of ghosts. Truth to tell, the thought of the phantom stockman did not seriously enter for one moment into the heads of any of the white men of the party with the exception of "Mick," who acted as cook and as driver of the dray. The half-dozen young men now doing duty as stockmen were all more or less "educated," and were either learning "colonial experience" —as apprenticeship to squatting life is termed —or had lately emerged from that chrysalis state, and now were going droving on their own account—that is, they were paid full drovers' wages. It was with them as with most of us—they were perfectly sceptical as to the appearance of ghosts. Protestant teaching—that is, education since the days of Luther—having so completely ignored the barest possibilities of the extra- mundane being demonstrable to mankind living upon earth at the present day, it is not surprising that we never gave the subject of this haunted camp the thought which it would have been judicious to have done even if acting only upon the old assertion that there always is some foundation for every rumour. If it had not been for my strong expostulations Mr. Thornley would not even have kept an extra horse saddled and tied to a handy shrub. I urged him to this course, for I said that, ghost or no ghost, the spot was one of those upon which cattle never would camp quietly. Why, I could not say, but it was a fact which, as manager of the run, I could vouch for. "More over," I said, "that thunderstorm which they have been getting all afternoon over Normanton is just as likely as not to wheel round and fall upon us about midnight, and you have not yet experienced the violence of one of our real Gulf tornadoes. The cattle are bound to split if it comes. I confess," I continued, as I looked around at the dense scrub encircling the small plain, " I do wish you were well out of this trap and past the Alexandra Lagoons." "Ah well, Mr. Cooper, those are difficulties in which I can quite appreciate your anxiety on my behalf, and I thank you for your kind wish; but don't for one moment think that I credit the bad repute of this plain as a cattle camp to the ghost of your favourite stockman. It is more likely because some erratic opossum has its home in one of those old gum trees, and that he will persist in scampering through the mob and on to their backs, or some such natural reason. I also, like you, have known these peculiar spots upon which cattle would never camp quietly, and most of the old drovers of the bush will tell you the same. Mr. Bell, who had charge before I joined the cattle, told me that on the Maranoa is a similarly haunted spot to this one, and that he camped with these very cattle upon it, but the only haunting the watchmen saw were a larger number than is usually to be seen of a kind of animal some what larger than, and not unlike, a rabbit, and which lives in burrows in the ground. In fact makes a regular warren, and one of these warrens happened to be in the centre of the camp, and as the little hopping animals popped out of and into their holes they disturbed the cattle considerably. The rumour in this case was that a hawker, when camped there, had been murdered by his man, who buried him in these warrens, and departed with horses, waggons, and goods." It was about 9 o'clock. Supper had been over and all things put away snugly for the night. The two young men on whom devolved the care of the cattle during the middle watch had "turned in" under their mosquito nets—for no one, whether master or man, travels in the Gulf country in the summer time without this necessity—not luxury. The blackboys also were sound asleep. But the rest of the party had drawn together near the fire, not for the sake of its warmth, but because of the feeling of sociability it engenders among travellers and strangers, alike in the lone Australian bush and in the comfortable hostelry of the British Isles. Social distinctions between master and man were not, at the date of my story, kept up when upon a droving journey. In dress there was no difference; all being clad in the unvariable mole trousers, crimean shirt, and wide-awake hat; and the supper that had been spread upon the ground was for all alike, the only difference from the usual bush custom being that cups and other crockery took the place of the universal panniken and tin plate. Mrs. Thornley, however, generally had her meals over before the stockmen were freed from their duties. It thus fell out that after supper the subject of the ghost was common talk among the party. A remark of mine, that this outbreak of what is called "modern spiritism" seemed to endorse the now disbelieved ghost stories of olden time had been replied to by Mr. Thornley with a crushing materialistic argument, when Mick, the horse driver, joined in with: "Beggin' your pardin, sirr, them's mighty big words your honour's mouth can spake, but what about the Sydney ghost? Him that was seen sittin' upon a three-rail fence, and tould who murthered him." "Only some old hand's yarn, I suspect, Mick." "Yarn or no yarn, the perlice dug the body up, banged the murtherin' villin, and thin he confessed; so there's no yarn about it, for Pat O'Rafferty tould me he saw him hanging." A roar of laughter followed this genuine bit of Hibernianism, which had the natural effect of rousing Mick's temper a bit, and he said, "Och! the saints presarve ye! You may laugh, but maybe ye'll laugh the other side of your mouth before morning. Divil a bit I see what's to laugh at." Another outburst of laughter followed this speech. The master now thought it time to pacify the excitable fellow, so he said, " Did you not notice, Mick, that you said they hanged him first and he confessed afterwards? That's what made us all laugh. But, Mr. Cooper, do you know anything about that old Sydney yarn? I have heard of it, but never considered the matter worthy of a second thought." "Strange as you may deem it, sir, I can assure you that it is a fact. What Mick says is quite true, barring the hanging before confession. The whole case is on record in the police annals of New South Wales, and no materialistic hypothesis has ever been able to account for it." Before the squatter could find time to utter any cynical reply to my remark, the Irishman again chimed in with, "Heavin save us! There's the dogs a-howling already. By the powers, I wish I was at Jamieson's in Normanton. It's a foin big nobbler I'd be a-takin' of." There was no reply to this speech, and I doubt not others of the party would have liked the same, for from the edge of the scrub there suddenly arose that peculiarly dismal howling cry characteristic of the Australian dingo. This, the only carnivorous animal in Australia that is not a marsupial, never barks, but gives voice to a most distressingly mournful and prolonged howl, or rather wail. I know hardly anything so depressing in its effects upon the camper-out as is this cry of the wild dog. It is impossible to hear it composedly. It always creates a shudder, and when, during the stillness of night time in the Australian woods, the solitary watchman who has the care of the camp upon his mind, and whose senses are strained to their utmost in order to detect the presence of unknown dangers from hostile man, is suddenly saluted by this miserable wail, it is no wonder that a "cold creep" runs through his back-bone as he takes a burning ember from the fire and hurls it in the direction of the offending dingo. In the Gulf district dingoes, a few years ago, were very numerous; more so than in any other part of Australia I have been in. The reason was that they had never been poisoned, and the natural fertility of the land caused an abundance of their food in the shape of ground pigeons, turkeys, emus, and their eggs and young, and also innumerable rats. So it was no uncommon thing for the party to both hear and see them; in fact, it was a nightly occurrence; but on this particular night, again and again, from all round the camp, came their wailing notes, one replying to another. "Holy Vargin, protect us! but they smells the ghost, that's sartin. Sure, didn't the dogs howl just afore my grandmother died in the old counthry ?" Although this was said with Mick's usual brogue, and with his innocent but comical sincerity, yet none of us laughed; the truth is we all felt the influence of this dismal howling, although the explanation of the outburst was simple enough. This waterhole was the only one for twenty-five miles in any direction, and through no one ever camping there it had become the favourite, because undisturbed, drinking place for troops of dingoes, and by their wails on this night they were but expressing their annoyance at our invasion of their domain. Instead of smelling the ghost, as Mick thought, they simply smelt ourselves, and were frightened to come near and quench their thirsty throats. This explanation would doubtless soon have been given by some of us to Mick, if it had not been that matters were just at that moment made worse, for, from the plain this time, and close beside the cattle, there came another mournful wail, if possible more shrill, more ear-piercing, more distress ingly depressive than the dingoes' cry, and this also was echoed and re-echoed from one to another of these noisy vocalists of the night. We all knew what these were, and we quite agreed with Mrs. Thornley when she remarked, "Well, Mick, the dingoes are bad enough, but the scream of those horrid curlews is far more distressing to me. I suppose there are none in Ireland, or your grandmother would have heard them also. Listen! there they are at it again." And the shrill screams again fell upon the ears of the watchers. The Australian stone-curlew is by no means a rare bird—except in some districts; in fact it may in many places be said to be common, and yet it is very seldom seen by the casual traveller. In the daytime it keeps remarkably quiet, and never under any pretence lets its voice be heard. The birds go always in pairs; never more or less. When noticed, they run rapidly over the ground, stretch out to its fullest extent their long neck, carrying the head on one side as if for the purpose of keeping one eye upon the intruder and one upon the way of escape. So like in colour is this curlew to the bare stony ground or plain upon which only it is to be found in the daytime, that none but the trained eye of the naturalist can distinguish it before a movement upon the bird's part testifies to its presence. If it is pursued more rapidly than its long legs can carry it free from danger it then takes wing and flies a few hundred yards or so, when it again drops to the ground and runs as before, but never under any pretence whatever is it tempted into utterance of its cry; in this respect being exactly opposite in its habits to its congener that haunts the mud flats of our coasts and tidal rivers. But when night comes this apathetic, solitary, and silent bird awakens, and by its exceedingly shrill voice, loudly and constantly repeated, seems desirous to awaken all creation as well, and, as it then becomes gregarious, it is not pleasant to have a flock come and feed for an hour or two upon the plain where the camp has been pitched. Mrs. Thornley was quite right; they are worse than the dingo; and the constant cry of one and then the other was not enlivening to this party, who were actually half expecting a ghost to appear. [TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK] Tiik oft-(|UOtcrt Buying: "Those who live in glass houses should not throw stones," originated at the union <>f the Crowns, when London wan for the Him lime inundated with Scotchmen. Jealous of thcil invasion, tho Duke olHuekintflmni organised n movement against them, and parties wore formed for the purpose of breaking tho windows of their iibodcrt. By wny of retiiliiition. v number of Seqtehmen smashed the windows of the duke's mansion, known us the "Gluk* Houhu," Alartin's Fielria, nnd on his compliiiniiiK to tho kintf. hJH nio.iesty replied: "Stcenie. iStcoiiJi*, those wha live in glass houses should be carefu' how they fling staneu." 