ecclesiastical courts commission. We give elsewhere the substance 01 the recommendations which the Eoyal Commissioners on Ecclesiastical Courts have submitted to the Queen. What- ever their intrinsic value may prove to be, they are of extreme importance as making a clean sweep of all the isting tribunals which deal with spirit ual causes. The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council disappears, and Lord Penzance returns to that limbo from which Lord Beaconsfield and the two , Archbishops unfortunately called him forth. If these Courts did not bind the conscience of the clergy before, still less can they bind them now. The objections that have been so often alleged against their jurisdiction and- constitution have in effect been declared valid by a large and represen tative Commission. Eor the moment, and for the class of suits which at present excite the keenest interest, it is the destructive side of the Report that is most significant. ' In those days,' the historian may hereafter say when he comes to speak of the autumn of 1883, ' there were no Courts in the Church of England and every man did that which was right in his own eyes.' Justice cannot be properly administer ed by tribunals whose titles to respect have been specifically and authorita tively challenged, and it may be assumed that Episcopal consent will not be given to any suits directed against alleged excess of ritual until ample time has been allowed for con sideration by the ecclesiastical and civil authorities of the state of things to which the /Commissioners call at tention. As regards the constructive side of the Report it would be prema ture t'osay more than that the Commis sioners have made a most, conscienti ous and laborious attempt to devise a modus vivendi between the Church and the State, and between the two great parties in the Church. How far they have succeeded cannot be determined merely by study of their suggestions. It has also to be seen whether the essentials of a ritual settlement can be secured by any reconstruction, how ever thorough, of Church courts — whether,' that'is to say, the. law itself, as well as the machinery for setting the law in force, may not need revision. Eor some time to come the best fate that can await the Report of the Com mission is careful and unprejudiced consideration and full and temperate discussion. The recommendations contained in it are of the nature of materials out of which, as it is hoped, a message of peace may be framed ; and the first and most essential thing is that those to whom it will fall to frame this message shall be fully in formed as to the conditions which i't must embody if it is to answer its pro fessed purpose. Erom this point of view it is to be regretted that in the programme of the Church Congress the discussion, on " Ecclesiastical " Courts " is to occupy but two hours and a half on the last afternoon. The Committee have scarcely shown a due sense of the proportionate importance of the subjects Over which the time Of the Congress is to be distributed. A whole day would not have been too much for a subject which so largely concerns the peace and the welfare of the Church of England.- — Guardian. canon anson. Canon Anson, brother of the Earl of Lichfield, who has resigned the living of Woolwich to devote himself to Church. work in the north of Cauada, sailed from Liverpool on Eriday in the Sarmatian. Canon Anson goes out at his own eipense, and will receive no pay for his services. national trustworthiness. Preaching recently for the schools of St! Mary's Birch, near Middleton the Bishop of Manchester said he found a general complaint throughout Eng land that people in all ranks were less to be trusted than they used to be. What was wanted was a return of the old homely virtues— trustworthiness, honesty, and straightforwardness, and that dutifulness to parents which he was perfectly certain was one of the foundations of national supremacy. He sometimes felt that the day was coming when education in this country would be wholly secular ; but if such were to be the case, he would not give very much for the continuance of the greatness of England amongst the nations of the world. Welcome to the Bishop of Tas mania. — A special service was held at Christ Church, South Yarra, for the purpose of welcoming the Rev. Dr. Sandford. The service was a very im pressive one, the Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Moorhouse), and a large number of the clergy of the diocese taking part in it. There was a very large congregation, the Church being crowd ed. The Rev. Dr.Sandford preached a sermon, taking his text from the 17th chapter of Deuteronomy, verses 13-15. He prefaced his remarks by expressing his thankfulness to God for having protected him and his fam ily from all peril by land and sea, and brought them in health and safety to Australian shores. He desired also to gratefully ac knowledge the kindness and cordiality of the welcome extended to them on their arrival. That was characteristic, he kiiew, of the colony ind of its peo ple, but it had been specially tender ed, as he also knew, in token of sym pathy and good "feeling towards the neighbouring colony and diocese which was to-be the scene, of his future la bours and his home. He was touched and gladdened by the testimony thus born? of their unity m faith and char- ity. Statesmen were suggesting at least the desirability of confederation for these great colonies after the example of Canada. He knew not how far the scheme was within the range of practical politics in this part of her Majesty's dominions. But when the day came, sooner or later, -for their various Governments to enter on the task of formulating a basis for such unification, let them have the example of a close and hearty confederation in that kingdom whieh owned the mind and will of Christ as its supremest law, and the brotherhood and welfare of humanity as the object/ of its constant and self-denying endeavours. He then invited the congregation to consider with him the principles on which alone, as he believed, such a confederation could be based, and having dealt at some length on his text, he remarked that short as the term was that he had be'en amongst them, it had sufficed to confirm what had reached him by .report. A diocese such as the one committed to his charge, smaller and differently cir cumstanced from theirs, must needs be. affected by contiguity to the scene of energetic labor and noble endeavour, of courageous maintenance of righteous ness and truth, and fearless opposing of all that is unchristian and wrong in opinion, in morals, and in life. That was the true recognition and acknow ledgement of the kingship and rule of Him who founded His church on the susception of our human nature, and the personal entrance on our human life and all its relations and concerns. The church to which they belonged would flourish and succeed in her work, would be a blessing to the whole com munity among which they lived, so long as it was directed by the Re deemer's spirit, and followed His ex ample diocese of tasmania. The Bishop Dr. Sandford ar rived at Hobart on the 6th ult, and was received by a large number of persons. On the following day his Lordship was received at the Synod Hall, and addresses from the clergy, laity, and Cathedral Chapter were sub sequently presented to him. In the course of his reply the Bishop said : " My desire is to be a father and a friend to all who accept and are faith ful to the teaching of the Book of Common Prayer, and the worship and Church practices therein prescribed or allowed." dtocese of brisbane. Confirmation. — On the 26th ult. Bishop Hale held a confirmation ser vice in $t. Andrew's Church,' South Brisbane . . The Bishop dwelt upon the fact of that confirmation service being the first held, in St. Andrew's church since its consecration. They, who had watched the building of the church, must have noticed that no single stone was laid until it had been shaped and prepared for the place it was to fill. The lesson to be learnt was that the young people, whom he described as lively stones in the temple of the Lord, must be spiritually fitted and prepared. They must not only be stones with the Holy Ghost dwelling in them, but each stone must be a temple in it self. He also urged the candidates to so devote and dedicate their lives that they may eventually fit themselves- to be portions of the great labernacle above. The confirmation ceremony was then proceeded with, and in a very impressive manner the Bishop solemnly implored Divine assistance for each candidate in turn. — Austra lian Churchman. 