TB^srsriTxs^ ' Press beat Stage at crickcS _ttsfeer_,v. ( Those wily Thespians laid the __— aa gb-QSt yes t— day. \- Victorian Parliament to be prorogued og. Thursday Wteruoon. , Successful vintaso in the AHmry district. Average sis high as 500 gallons per acre. Mias Liddiard, as Griolet, in 'Tambour Major,' 'has created quite a /wore in Hobart. T_e trade mark case against Woods is to be heard ok tho Wator police court this afternoon. I All the domestic servants who arrived at Adelaide, in tho last immigrant ship were engaged in half an ?tour.- ' 6r»_d corrobotee of aboriginals at Bega next week. 3£-ur at famine prices in the district. Blankets a* a Waouni. , Hi? Honor Judge Bowling gave Mr. Uraian Mel ville, M.L.A., a snubbing at the Quarter Sessions yesterday. The judge, in summing up in the Camperdown Glassworks case, said the contest was 'industries .asainst public comfort.' , The thirst fcr gold appears to be oven greater than the thirst toe liquor. Frank Punch's popular hotel is to bo turned into a bank. The Marquis of Lorno is said to be the coming .Yie_'oy oc India. But his predecessor in Gauada — 'Doflferin— has far higher claims to the. honour. Clocks on suburban lines in 'Victoria not up to time »— ieacc the recent accidents. Agra— d excuse for the — i&nagers; who mismanage the railway lines ! ; -Bridget Bourke, a woman well- known to the police, ^received a month at Mr. Clark's hands at the Central this morning fcr behaving in a riotous manner. 1 A man named Patripk Kearney, charged .at the 'Central this morning1 with having no visible lawful Tmieans of support, was sent to gaol for two months. ? Again in the Asseinbly to-day will the question of ?trams, cow-catchers, and death, be brought forward, ' lis Mr. Taylor intends to ask a question on the sub ject. A. speaker at the Bandwiok meeting last night said ' Randwick was the cream of tho suburbs with re gard to position, and they intended to make it so in erery respect.' , Melbourne is suffering from' the same disease as ?Bydpey— burglaries in the suburbs. The police are said to be on the alert ; but we all know their life is 'not a happy one. Mr. Abigail will to-day move that allj _s_ces of the peaoe who signed the disloyal and seditious address of welcome to Mr. Redmond on Ms arrival at Orange bo siroerseded. J Eight jurors in the Phoenix Park murder trial fined i*_100 each for not appearing when called upon. Were they afraid of being dynamited? Clearly, a juror's kiife in Ireland is not a happy one. \- A labourer named Alexander Hutchinaon, charged ,et the Central police court thia morning with dis »©beyin;r a summons for riotous behaviour, was sent ^o gaol for seven days. ' Several members of the Ministry proceeded to Moss 'Tale on Saturday when an Executive Council meet HSff was held in the afternoon, at which a good deal of 'iwibine business was got through. It is said that the probability of Sir Henry Parkes's *' loyalty motion ' coming on to-day is very small. And if it does not come on at all few will be sorry, as '$£ will only lead to a great waste of time. : . Huokred again. Another Marine Board prosecu ?laon was dismissed this morning at the Water police court, owing to the captain of the vessol being called 'George,' instead of *' William,' in the informa 'tfcni. ''Tib said the Insolvency Court is to be removed to _ew buildings in Phillip- steeet. About time a move ?v.-as made somewhere. Should this move come off. , ihe joke about going up King-street will have to be: altered to Phillip- street. . It ia said that Mr. David Buchanan is about to efcart— the Assembly to-night by an amendment he will jnove on Sir Henry P— Ices' motion re colonial loyalty. But then perhaps neither gentlemen will ^zet an opportunity of ' orating' on this subject. The principal motion on the order paper for to- day (private members day) is that the motion.passed in ;1B81, which led to the expulsion of Mr. Baker from 'the Assembly be rescinded. And the whole battle iwill be fought over again, and much more time lost. i The most active man in the field at yesterday's ?cricketing exhibition was Mr. Leake ; and when it ,was all over ho suggested that the Pressmen should iplay 'Bomany Eye' and the Theatro .Royal men ehouldbo the oritios! The revenge would be too diabolical. The London 'Times' of February 7 gives tho scores of the match between Ivo Bligh's team and 18 of Ballarat played 'on the Eastern Oval ground, lAdeliiide.' No wonder there's a proposal on foot in Itho old country to havo Australian geography taught in schools. During Saturday night no loss than three (known) ,tuxplaries v,-ero committed in Sydney. One was at a ?Jjewelier's in WiUiam-streot, tho socon^ at a grocery -store, Kedfern, and the third at a grocery store, irekine-streot. And the police arej of course, on the track of the thieves. Thcf olio wing namedgentloinenhave been appointed 'to be agents in honour for the purposes of the In scribed Stock Act, viz., Sir Saul S_t__«l; K.C.M.G. (Agent-General), chairman, Sir Daniel Cooper, K.O M.G.. Mr. Donald Larnack, Mr. F. H. Dangar, and tae Hon. E. Knox, M.L.C. HVhere were the Argus-eyed limbs of the law yes terday ? While a juror was hard at work inside the 33ftrUngbnrst court-house an enterprising thief had the impudence to steal silently away with that juror's .horse, which was fastened to the railings inside the reserve in front of the court-Uouee. We understand that the lessees of the George-street .markets1 yesterday received notice to quit by the 27th «£ next month. The Corporation intends pulling ? -down the old buildings and putting up more sightly structures. There is some talk of the markets being removed to the old Blackfriara Estate The Assembly will meet at the usual hour to-day, rwhon the programme will commence with the asking ©£ 28 questions. After that formal business will be taken, and if oompleted the motion of Mr. Fletcher, ?with reference to Mr. Baker, and Sir Henry Parkes, ?with reference to the Queen and colonial loyalty will ipome on. A young man named Richard Donovan was charged at the Central this morning with stealing a keg con taining two gallons of whisky. The case was being proceeded with when the prisoner fell down in the -Lock in a fit. He was taken out, and as he appeared toibe in a bad state and unable to be brought into Court again, the case was remanded till to-morrow. An action for libel was heard lately against the proprietor of the 'Western Figaxo-- (Plymouth). Plaintiff was a money-lender at Davenport, and had obtained a county court judgment against a vlientfor payment of Is a week on an advance of —6, for whioh _ C L5s had been paid as interest. The case was oom inented upon in defendant's paper, and the comments Vere the grounds for the action. Defendant con tended that the comments were fair criticisms, and $he jury gave a verdict in his favour. ', A deputation is appointed to wait on Sis Colonial Secretary on Thursday on the eubjeot of the release of Alphonso Bpahet, now suffering a long term of Mnpnaonraens tor arson. y Two deputations fixed to-day to wait npon fhe Minister of Works, others on Thursday. This is, wo presume, because he cannot get .throng- two Minis ters' work on the -—day, ?; We aw glad to learn that Mr. Fletcher, the mem ber for Newcastle, who for some days past has been confined to He bed with a severe attaok of diarrh— a, 5s much better ; but it is not probable that he will be in his place in the Home to-night. :' Professor Harry J. S. Smith's sudden death has inflicted a loss upon Oxford University whioh it is ill able to bear. In Professor Smith Oxford has probably lost the most really able' man whom it has produced for very raaoy years. Witty, sociable, brilliant, and above all eminently practical, he was very unlike the ordinarvtvpe of Oxford 'don,' and his death will be widely lamented far beyond the bpunda of Univer sity society. 