TELEGRAMS. (From oar own Correspondents.) MOUNT BARKER. Jon, 0. Tho annual meeting of the Onkapnringa Racing Club was held at the Woodside Hotel, "Woodside, on Monday night. An influential committee and stewards were appointed, and the following events and prizes fixed for tho meeting on Easter Monday Hurdles, £100 j Maiden Plato, £20 j Onkaparinga Oup, £150: Great Enstern Steeplechase, £160 ; Hills Railway Stakes, £100 ; Members' Steeplechase, £30 and oup, value £80 j and Selling Racy;, £20, Additions to the totnlisator department and other improvements to buildings and oourso were authorised. The Mount Barker annual agricultural Bhow 1b fixed for Thursday, March 15, The annual meeting is to ho held to-night to elect committeo and make preliminary arrangements, ADELAIDE, Jan. 7. The northern train from Quorn to Warana yesterday, when near Ediowie, was discovered to be on fire, A truob near the engine had beoome ignited, probably by a spark from the looomo< tive, The train waa stopped and the burning waggon disengaged, when a torriflo explosion took place in a truck which contained a quantity of gunpowder. Fortunately no one waa hurt, and after sorao delay the train proceeded on its journey, A correspondent writes stating that he does not think the crops in the Palmer, Willochra, and Boolounda districts will average half a bushel of wheat to the acre, The Governor held a farewell undresa lovie at Government'house yesterday. The attendance was not very large, owing, no doubt, to the oppressive beat. A drawing room waa afterwards held by the Governor and Mias Jervois, Lady Jervois being indisposed. A large fire occurred between Strathalbyn and Maoolesfleld yesterday, oausing great destruction of fencing, feed, and sheep. January 8. His Excellenoy the Governor left by the mail steamer Clyde to-uight for Melbourne, en route for New Zealand. A guard of honor accom panied him to the ship, The inquest on the reoent fire at the Adelaide PoRt-offloe waa oonoluded this evening. The jury returned a verdict in which they fonnd there was no evidence to show how the fire originated; and they recommended a few pre* oautions, urging that it is dangerous to keep gun ootton on the post-office premises, The homestead of Mr. Grouch, a farmer, near Gladstone, wbb completely destroyed by fire yes terday. January 0. The execution of Bnrns, for the murder of Henry Loton on the high seas, takes place at the Adelaide gaol on January 18. The enquiry into the oiroumstanoea of the death of Marv Hodges and child, who were found drowned in the Torrens Lake, showed that the woman was rendered temporarily insane by the weight of false accusations made against her of stealing a watch from her employer, A verdiot of auioide waa returned, the child being dragged into the water by the mother. The Chief Justioe (Mr. Way) waa to-day sworn in Administrator of the Government pending the arrival of Sir Wm. Robinson, who is expeoted in about a month's time, A fire took plaoe at Mr. Arthur Harvey's, Gilbert-place, to-day. The building, whioh is a three»Btoried life insuranoe office, was much damaged. The whole block of buildings narrowly esoaped total destruction. While helping to suppress the flames, Fireman Harris fell through a burning flooring, breaking his leg and other wise injuring himself. Before his departure Sir Wm, Jervoia left a cheque for £100 towards the completion of St. Peter's Cathedral. A colored seaman named Joseph Davis was yesterday admitted into the Hospital suffering from the mortifloation of both hia feet and one hand. He stated that his condition was oaused by bad treatment on board the vessel in whioh he arrived from Boston a few days ago. Both his feet were amputated, He is in a very pre carious condition. MELBOURNE, Jan. 8, A person named Hill has asked the Mines Department to praotioally test and patent liis invention by whioh water 1B driven by oomproflsed air.na a motor, tbo surplus water returning to compress more air, thus theoretically demon* etrating perpetual motion. An examination and report Jhave been ordered. The Polioe Commission have commenced drawing up their report on the detective system. The larrikins stoned the hotel of Mr. Clarke, o! "Richmond, who was recently prosecuted for shooting a man in his bar. Clarke again used the revclver freely, firing several shots, for which ho will be proseouted. The Rev. Father M, Hennessy, late of the Catholic Ohuroh, Mount Gambler, who is now on a visit to Melbourne, officiated yesterday at St. James' and St. Andrew's Churches to large congregations. A serious fire ocourred at Crossley, near Korolt, to-day, on Donaldson's farm. A spark from Skllbeck's threshing-machine got amongst some refuse, and the flames spreading, 300 bushels of barley, two drays, and 100 empty bags were destroyed. The following are the Melbourne entries for the Australian Cup and Newmarkot Handicap, The Sydney and Adelaide entries, if any, are not yet to hand Gup- Britisher, Odd Trick, Prometheus, Lnpstone, Commotion, Sheet Anchor, Santa Claus, Calm, Anglesey, Erio. thoneus, Stookwell, Lothalr, Koh-i-noor, Corio. lanus, Lesbia, Sweet William, QudaTz, Euclid, Navigator, Colstoun, Guesswork, Roy's Wife, Taper, Calma, Ohuokster, King of Yale, Pollio, Little Jaok, Essex, Mistaken, Belmont, Tarn worth ; Handicap - Britisher, Odd Trick, Oassiopea, Musldora, Larpont, Prometheus, Aspen, Deolamation, Claptrap, Chatterer, John Peel, Rooftree, Meander, Santa Claus, Lothair, Calma, Eriothoneus, Mameluke, Guinea, Bagot, Gudarz, Lalinaisol, Trevallyn, Verduro, Quoen Bee, Fleurelte, Euolid, Josephine, Robert-tho Devil, Boolka, ColBtoun, Lord o' Clyde, Border. Man, Bassanio, Baron von Mueller, Roy's Wife, Tyrolean, Frying-pan, ContesBlna, Ohuokster, Sir Charles, King Charles, Haideo of tho Hills, Forlorn, Priealess, Transferred, The Ghost, Squireen, Littlo Jack, Mistaken, Belmont, Tumult, Luna, and Witch. January 0. A grand mirage was seen at Geelong to-day, Hobson'a Bay boing distinctly reflected in the Bky, It is ozpected that two hundred bakers will strike shortly. John Adamson, a recent nrrival from South Australia, has been swindled of fifty pounds by the matoh box trick by two men, who have been arrested. About a dozen typhoid fever cases have ocourred at Sandhurst. All are progressing favorably. The railway authorities havo fixed January 21 for making a comparative stop test of the relative merits of the Westinghouse and Woods' brakes. It will be conducted in the prosenco of the looomotive superintendents of South Australia, Queensland, Tasmania, and Victoria, as a hoard of exports, SYDNEY, Jan. 7, A movement lias been initiated amongst the French rcsidonls to organise a demonstration ex pressive oi sorrow at GamboUa's death, Alfred Brown, alias Vallanoe, who is Bald to ho Riley, the Inveroll bushranger, has been brought up at Grafton charged with various mail robherios, and remnndod. Brown is very ill from spinal paralysis. The Clarence and Richmond Hirers Steam Navigation Company have given £200 in aid of the suflorers by the wreok of the steamer New EngUnd, There is a probability of a strike of miners at tho Globe colliery, Newoastle, the men having demanded 6d, per tou extra. The Marino Board of Sydney have conoludod nn onquiry into the ciroumstanocs surrounding the wreok of the steamer New England on the Clarence River bar. The Board, after deliberation, found that the vessel was lost in consequenoe of an attempt that was made to take her to BOA at an improper time. The Board felt humiliated at the disgraoeful conduct dis played by Pilot Thomas Smith and his boat's orew for allowing the boat of the schooner 0\. Walker to pass them twice on their way to the wreok, and they called upon Thomas Smith to show cause why his lioenoe should not be oan. celled, Bis orew would be discharged as unfit for the duties required of them. The pilot has been cited to appear before the Board on Monday for examination, A serious accident happened at the Avenue Range on Tuesday to MIBB Lyon, daughter of Mr, W, Lyon, of Avenue, The drainage works pass dose to Mr. Lyon's residence, and a charge of dynamite which was fired in one of the drains eaused a stone Sib, weight to strike Miss Lyon on the head, causing fraoture of the skull, Miss Lyon was removed to Kingston, where she lies In a very precarious state, Condall Mahomet, an Afghan fruit hawker, baa obtained £100 damages from John Clif ford, laborer, Fort Augusta, for tho seduc tion of his wife at Quorn, 