A MYSTEEtOUS VISITOR. In the year 1704 a gentlemaD, apparently of large fortane, took faraisLod lodgings in a tiouBe in Soho Square. After lie bad reaidedtbere some weeks with bis establibhmeat be lost bis brother, who bad lived at Hampptead, And wbo, on bis death bed, particularly deuired to be interred in tbe family vault at Westminister Abbey. Tbe gentleman reqaeBted tbe landlord to permit bim to bring tbe corpBe of hie brother to hie lodgings, and to make arrangements there for tbe faneral. Tbe landlord, without hesitation, signified bis compliance.. Tbe body, dressed in a white sbrond, was aooordingly bronght in a very handsome coffin, and placed in a great dining-room. Tbe faneral was to take place tbe nest day, and tbe lodger and bis servants went ont to make tbe neeessary preparations for tbe solemnity. He stayed ont late; bat tbie was no anoommon thing. Tbe landlord and bis family, conceiving that they bad no occasion to wait for him, retired to bed as nsnal about twelve o'clock. One maid servant wa* lelt up to let bim in, and to boil some water, which he bad desired might be ready for making tea on bie return. The girl wee accordingly sitting all alone in tbe kitshen, when a tall spectre-looking figure entered and clapped itself down in a obair opposite to her. The maid was by no means one of tbe most timid of her sex; but sbe was terrified beyond expression at tbie unexpected apparition. Uttering a loud scream, sbe flew out like an arrow at a side door and burned to tbe chamber of ber master and mistress. Soarcely bad she nwakened them, and oommnnioated to the family some portion of the fright, with wbioh Bbe herself was overwhelmed, when tie spectre, enveloped in a sbrond, and with a lace ol death-like paleness, made its appearanoe and eat down in a obair in the bedroom without tbeir having observed how it entered. Tbe worst of all was tbbt this obair stood by the door of tbe bedchamber, eo tbat not a creature could get away without passing close to tbe apparition, wbioh rolled its glaring eyes so frightfully and so hideously distorted ita features tbat they could sot bfar to look at it, Tbe master and mistress crept nnder the bedclothes, covered with profuse perspiration, while tbe maid eervant sank nctrly insen Bible by tbe side of tbe bed. At tue same time tbe whole house seemed to be in an nproar; for tiiough tbey had oovered them selves over bead and ears, tbey eouid still bear the inoessant noise and clatter, whioh eerved to inorease their fear and terror. At length all became perfectly still in tbe house. The landlord ventured to raise bis bead, and to Bteal« glance at tbe chair by tbe door; but behold the ghost Wbb gone 1 Sober reason began to resume its power. The servant girl was bronght to herself after a good deal of shaking. In a short time tbey pluoked up sufficient courage to quit tte btdtoom, and to commence an examination ot iht bouse, wbioh tbey expected to fiud in great disorder. Nor were tbeir anticipation)* nnfounded. Tbe whole bouse Laa beuu stripped by artful thieves; and the gentleman had decamped without paying lor his lodging. It turned out tbat be wns no other than an accomplice of the nc turious Arthur Chambers, wbo was executed at Tjburu in 1706, and tbat the supposed corpse was tbie aicb rogue himself, who had wbitened his bands and lace with chalk, and merely counterfeited deatb. About midnight be quitted his coffin, and appeared to tbe maid in tbe kitcben. When she flew upstairs be softly lollowed Ler, and, teated at the door of the chamber, be acted as a sentinel, so tbat bis aocmplices were enabled to plunder the bouse without the least molestation. 