Rev. W. H. Fitchett, B.A., PRESIDENT OF METHODIST LADIES' COLLEGE, HAW- THORN (NEAR MELBOURNE). One homestead is sometimes so honoured as to supply the Christian Church with a host of ministers. More than twenty years ago three brothers in Geelong, richly endowed with mental gifts, were fast rising into notice ; and each of them in succession, constrained by the grace of God, entered the ranks of the Wcsleyan ministry. The eldest—the Rev. A. Fitchett—laboured for many years with success, first in Victoria, and afterwards and chiefly in New Zealand. After awhile his views on Evolution and cognate subjects became somewhat too advanced for the conservative spirit of Weslcyanism, and in the interests of pence he identified himself with the Anglican communion. The youngest—the Rer. F. Fitchett—went into circuit work, 111 wlii-h he was greatly beloved for his sweetness of spirit and gentleness of character; but was soon smitten with an insidious sickness, which ended in death. The second —the Rev. W. II. Fitchett, B.A.—has confined his labors exclusively to Victoria; and confronting single-handed the manifold difficulties of a vising Methodist preacher who wields a free lanec, has risen into the proud position of President of the Methodist Ladies' College, Hawthorn. There was something reassuring in finding a man like Mr. Fitchett in the Christian pulpit—not tlic less so because he was conducting service in a Baptist Church. The story of the fly in St. Paul's—its inadequacy to grasp the vast, dimensions of the splendid edifice might be applied to many a hearer in judging of Mr. Fitchett. It is not simply what a preacher says, but the evidence that his sentences are moulded by a knowledge of what is before and behind, that inspires confidence in his teaching. One incisive word here and there flashing upon the hearer, like a two-edged blade, and cutting to the core of two antagonisms at once. Any one who can read between Mr. Fitchett'* sentences will not only feel that the windows of his soul are opeu to receive the light, but that he holds himself pledged to follow that light whithersoever it leads ; provided always that it is light from heaven. Then Mr. Fitchett understands the vantage ground of a preacher who rests on the Written Word, and strives to feci the rock beneath his feet. So tiiat, as David beautifully said, the lamp of truth is not only seen by its own light;, but sheds back its radiance upon the face of him who holds it. " How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation!" Everything about Mr. Fitchett—face, features, and form—betokens a man of the intellectual type. About middle age and medium height—faultless in dress and appearance—earnest and fearless—enough of physical stamina to suggest the sound body and of strength to throw energy into his services—affectionate iu manner and cheerful in disposition—there is everything in this man to commend him to the acceptance of an honest congregation. Mental indolence and sneaking cant— snug hypocrisy and respectable formality—must feel uncomfortable in his presence. With more of brilliancy than poetry—more of logic than emotion—in his makeup, he, nevertheless, makes his audience feel that he is swayed by profound convictions, and that on such an important matter BS religion no one must rest short of personal experience and possession. It is said that one of his trial sermons, as a young probationer, was on the words—" Beware of the leaven of the Pharisees!" and that text is a fair index to the tout ensembte of the man. Leaving the prayer, which was admirable, and the lesson, which was carefully read, we must hasten to the subject of discourse/ It was on the Divine Being—a subject to which modern thought has often been directed. Strauss used to say, with painful presumptuousness, at .the outset of one of his lectures—" Gentlemen, we will now proceed to construct God!" In pleasing contrast to such garish Atheism is the intelligent reverence with which Mr. Fitchett discoursed on tbe Trinity, making us feel the force of Charles Kingsley's words, " the true dignity of man lies in true faith in God." The text was the Apostolic Benediction furnished in the last verse of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians : —"The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Aincn." Next to the Lord's Prayer, the words of the Benediction were more frequently employed than any other in the Bible. They brought before us the doctrine of the Trinity, which was not even yet universally accepted. Even in Melbourne there was a church—a very small one, and which found it difficult to keep its doors open—which sought to base itself on an anti-Trinitarian foundation. The Trinity was assailed on two grounds—its inutility and its mystery: I. It was a metaphysical abstraction—a theological subtlety. A threefold reply was offered. 1\. It banished the stony idea of God; nothing had so humanized God to us as this doctrinc. As a matter of fact, did not Christian believers find their highest, sweetest, most blessed communion with God as Father, Son, and Holy Ghost ? 2. It answered to the religious instincts of the human soul. Coleridge gave as his reason for believing the truth of Christianity that it found him out. 3. Its rejection implied the denial of the Saviour's Godhead. It left the world without a Redeemer and without redemption. II. It was a mystery. Nevertheless, if God had thought it worth while to reveal it, it was worth while for us to know it. 1\. There was mystery in a single blade of grass which the most advanced scientists of the age could not unveil. How presumptuous for man, baffled by the grass at his feet, to expect to comprehend God! 2. Joseph Cooke had shown how almost everything about us was a reflex of this doctrine—consisting of three elements and no more; light, for instance, combining heat, colour, and lumiuousness; every ray of light, every grain of matter, every point in space, was a inflection of this great truth. 3. The world itself seemed to reveal it. There was God in the visible works of Nature, answering to the Father ; God in history—the Incarnate Christ, answering to the Son; God in the human conscience, answering to the Holy Ghost. Observe how largely this threefold revelation enters into the experience of believers. Behind these three shining figures there stood three gifts—love, grace, and communion. As a matter of experience, however, grace comes first as in the text. (1). Grace.—A large jewel had recently been shown to the preaclier. Held up in the hand of the owner, it flashed light from every point. Such was Christ—the transcendent jewel flashing forth blessing from every point upon the world—pardon for the guilty, adoption for the homeless, purit y for the defiled. (2). Love.—Man was made for it, and never rejoiced unt il he had found its possession. The preacher had seen a flower growing 111 a cellar; out of the darkness it had struggled—colourless and secutlcss—until it had reached the steps, and was gradually rising into the sunlight; it could not live without it. Love was the sunlight of the human heart. (3). Communion.—In Heaven the pure in heart would see God, but it would be in Heaven. Iu the meanwhile, the believer wanted personal contact with God, and he found it in the communion and fellowship of the Holy Spirit- Seldom indeed have we listened to a sermon more worthy of the undivided attention which it received, or more calculated to minister to the profit of the worshipper. But Mr. Fitchett has not only a silver tongue ; he wields a golden pen. As Y. Y. 54. Mr. Fitchett. contributed from week to week the freshest, raciest, and most interesting column of the Melbourne Spectator ; the " Easy-Chair Chat" was always looked for with the most, eager expectation. Not a few of the most brilliant articles in the Victorian Review have conic from his pen; and it is no secret that he is the present editor of the Southern Cross, maintaining the status and interest of that excellent paper by his own spirited paragraphs. Never, perhaps, was the Victorian Wcsleyan Conference more happy in its choice than when it. elected the Rev. W. II. Fitchett., B.A., to the presidency of the Methodist Ladies' College, Hawthorn. Already the wisdom of that choice has been verified by the most cheering results. Fourteen thousand pounds have been spent upon the institution—the completed design being estimated at £20,000. It has more than a hundred pupils; it has a schoolroom forty-five feet by thirty feet, and a dining-hall forty feet by twenty-five feet; and boasts such luxuries as a library, enamelled baths, electric bells, and every other modern improvement. Its head master is Frank Wlieen, B.A., London, Lycctt Scholar, Gold Medallist, Honourman, etc., etc. Its first lady assistant is Mrs. Tiddeman, for seven years liead teacher of Ormiston College, etc., etc. The motto of the institution is " Deo Dominique " (" For God and Home"), and the following extract, from the President's address on the occasion of the first prize-day will show in what spirit the Ladies' College is conducted :— " The new College," said Mr. Fitchett, " was a witness of the esteem in which they held three things—Education, Christianity, Womanhood. But knowledge, to be safe, must be Christian. It must be baptized for Christ and from Christ.. In this College they were trying to weld the highest knowledge and purest Christianity together. They coveted that every girl who crossed their threshold should carry away two things—first, a distinctive bias towards goodness ; anclj next, so much of the clear doctrine of Christianity as would teach them how to live well, die well, and to attain the great prize beyond the grave." Under whatever aspect we look at Mr. Fitchett, whether as Preacher, Editor, or President, the one thing that strikes us is undoubted ability, and as we believe that Mr. Fitchett is anxious that what is brightest and best in him should be consecrated to the Great Master, we wish him in every sphere increasing succcss and abounding prosperity. 