The Haunted and The Haunters OR, HOUSE AND THE BRAIN. As if from the door, though it did not open, there grew out another shape, equally dis tinct, equally ghastly-a mari|s - shape-a young man's. It was in the dress of the last century, or rather in a likeness of such dress ; for the male shape and tlip female, though defined, were evidently unsubstantial impalpable--simulacra-^-phantasms; and there was something incongruous, grotesque, yet fearful in the contrast between the elaborate finery, the courtly precision of that old-fashioned garb, with its ruffles and lace and buckles, and the corpse-likc aspcct and ghost-like stillness of the flitting wearer. Just as the malo shape approached the female, the dark Shadow started from the wall, all three for a moment wrapped in darkness.' When the.pale light returned, the two phantoms were as if in the grasp of ;'ithe: Shadow that:' towered; between kthem ; anp there was a blood-stain 011 the breast of the female ; and the phantom malo Was lean ing on its phantom sword, and blood seemed trickling fast from the' ruffles, from the lace ; and the darkness of the intermediate Shadow swallowed them xip-they were gong. And again the bubblos of light shot, and sailed, and undulated, growing, thicker and imoro wildly confused in their movements. The closet door to tho right of tlio fire place now opened, and from the aperturo there came tiio form.of a woman, aged. In her hand alio held lotttes- tho very letters over which I had seen the Hand close ; and bohind.her I heftr a footstep. Sho turned round as if to listen, and then she opened tlio letters and seemed to road ; and over her shouldor I saw a livid face, tho face as of a man long drowned-bloated, bleachod-^ soaweod tangled in its dripping hair ; and at her feet lay a'form as of a corpse, and beside tlio"corpse, there cowered a child, a miserable squalid child', with famine in its cheeks and^ fear in its eyes. And as I looked in- tho old .woman's; face, the wrinkles and lines vanished, and it;,becamo a faco of youth hard-eyed,, stony,:but,! still youth ; and, the Shadow-darted forth, and darkened 'over these phantoms:as it-had davkenod over tlio . last. -' *-? ?' ? Nothing was loft but tlio Shadow, and; on that my eyes were1 intently iixed, till ngain eyes grow 'out of. the - Shadow-malignant, serpen t'cyes, And the bubblos of light again rose and .fell, ,aud. "iutheir disordored, irrogfilar,' turbulent ni^ibV mingled with the I'wah ..mobnliglit. ;'And'- t now' front" tlieso globules thomselvesi'as from the sholl of an egg, monstrous things :;burst -out; thoi air grow filled with them ; larvaa so bloodless and so hidoous that I can in no way describe ,them except to remind\tlio roader of, the swarming life wliicli'.fclic \ji61ar miscroscopo brings beforo his eyes in a* drop of water-?-: things transparent, supple, agile,' chasing each, other,, devouring each other-forms _ like nought ovoy behold by the naked oyo. As the Blmpos were without symmetry, , HO their movomonts woro without order, tyi tlioir very vagrances there was no sport ;,thoy camo round me and round, thicker: and faster and swifterswarming over my head, crawling dvor my right armj which was out-' Btretched in involuntary command, against all' evil boings. Sometimes I. felt myself' touched, but not by them; invisible hands ..touohod me. Onco I folt tlio clutch as ' of cold soft fingors at my throat. I was still equally conscious'that if I gavo way to., fear I Bliould bo in a bodily peril; and I ccn cbntred all nay faculties in. the siuglo . focus of resisting stubborn will. And I turned my sight from the shadow-above all-, from tlieso strau go serpent eyes-eyes that had now become distinctly visible. ' For tliord, though in pouight,else around, me. I was;awaro that tliero 'Svas ivWIIiLV'and- a 'will of intense,, creative, working. ovil, which :might crush down my own. : : The pale aUnosph'brb in tlio 'room begatf now to redden as if in tlio.hir of ,somo _ near conflagration. Tlio larvra grow lurid as things that live in firo.' Again tho'room vibrated ; agniu woi*o hoard the throe , measured knocks; and again all things woro Bwallowed'up in tho darkness :,pf'tho: dark: : Shadow, as if iout of that darkness.-- all had come, ,iiito"that darkness .all, rotiirnod. ' 'Ad'wor.gloom receded;' the ' Sliadow was .wholly. gono. '"Slo\Vly as it had been with drawn, .the flame.grew a^ain into tho candles 011 tho iablo, again into the fnol in tho grato. Tlio wholo room came onco moro calmly, lioalthfiillyjiitaisight.;,; j;.-c.-.:! ! ?_ The two doors wore still closed, the door communicating with tho servant's room still locked. 1'ii tho corner of ' tlio wall, into which ho,had so convulsively niclied himself, lay ftlio" clo'g.. v-I^ called :to' him-110 move ment ;.;^appr.oacliedTf:tho,aniJiial was dead ; liie eyes protruded.; his toiiguo out of his 'mouth ;:'tlio froth' gathorod roiind his '-jaws. I took him in 'my arms; I brought him to tho lire ; I felt acute;griof for tlio.loss of my poor, favo.uritc^acujiov \ self-reproach ; - I. acousbcWnysolf of his death X imagined ho ^lmd-aied-ttMi'jghtv. But wh|it ,was ';ray .,buiS pviso on finding that his nock was actually . twisted out of tho verfcebrro: Had this been :dono;|njtUo darkt?|^mii8titnbthay6;b66nby a . hand humauas niinp.?- must thqro.not liavo ? ? beon:huiiVaiidg6noy all the while iii that'rbbuj? . Good1 cause': to' suspect''1 itV:!' I cannot' toll; : I ca^not do nioiiq. than,stato; the.fact fairly; tho'rodd6i;iy'n^vdmw /Mr own inforbhee. Anothor surprising'' circumstanoo-my ',watch, wasa'estorod,to the tablo from ; which \- it had ibebu : so mysteriously, withdrawn ; but ? it had stojjped at the very moment it'was so withdrawn ; nor, despite all the skill of tlio , watclimakor.ihas it ovoi-gono siuco-^th.at is, it'willl' $0 iii .a.strange orratic. way for a few . hours, and thon como to'a dead stop-it is' worthless. Nothing moro chanced for the.rost of the night. - Nor,. indopd, . had I long to wait boforo .. tlid ':Not' till it was1 broad, daylight did. I quit the haunlod. liouso,. J3oforo'l'did'so,.rrovisitbd tho Iittlo blind room/in which my sorvant and mysolf had boon for a time iniprisonod. I haa ft strong impression-for wliich I could not .account . -^that from that room hadoriginated the mooh'anism of ;thb',phenomena--if I may uso tho'term-whioh had been oxporiouood in my chamber.' And though PonLorod it now in tlio clear day, with the sun peering through the filmy window, 1 still felt, ns I stood on its floor, the creep of the horror which I had first there experienced'the night before, and which had been so aggravated by what had passed in my own chamber. I could not, indeed, bear to stay jnoro than half a minute within thoso walls. I do cended ilic stairs, and again I heard tlio footfall before mo ; and when I opened the street door, I thought I cculd distinguish* a very low laugh; I gained, my own home, expecting to find my runaway servant there. But he had not presented himself; nor did I hear more of him for three days, when I received a letter from him, dated from Liverpool, to this effect:-. (To be Continued.') 