?:'. LUKE. ? ;? By Beet Hahtb. Wot's that you'ro reudin' ?— a novel ? A novol— woll, dam my skin I - You a lnnn growa and bearded, and histin' such Btuff ez tliat in— . Stud about unU and thf-ir sweethearts ! No wonder you're thin cz a knife. - - - Look at we ! — clar cwo hnndrod— and never read orio -in my life. I . . That's mv opinion o' novels. And ez to thoir Iyin' round hero, ? ' They belonged to.tho Jedgo's daughter— tho Jedgb who cuiiio up lust year On, account of his lungs, and the mountains, and tho -bilsiin o' pino and fir ; '. \ And-'Ui3 dimghtor-^weU, she read novels, and that's . what's thu matter witli her. ; Tetshe wns sweet on the Jodge, and stuck by him ' day and night; - ; Alqns in tho cabia.up jer— till she grew liko a ghost, all white. , ? Sho was only a. slip'of n thing, ez light and ezupand \- -awny ? ? , . : Ez rifto- smoke blown through tha woods, but 'she ?- wasn't my kind — no wcy t Spenkin1 o' gals, d'ye mind that houso ea yon riso the bill, A'milo nnilahulf from 'Whito's, and jist atove ilat tinisly's mill ? . ,- ? ? , . : You do ? Well, now, .War's a gal ! What/you saw her ?, 0, come now, thar quit 1 She was ouly bedev'lin' you boys, for to mo Bho don't : : ^cotton 0110 hit. . ? \ Now, sho'a what I call a gal— ez pretty and plump ez nquuil; ? Toeth cz whito ez a hound's, and they'd go through a ten-punny unit; Eyes thut kin simp like a cap. So sho asked to know '.wluu-Iwiishid?' - Sho did ? O, it's jisfc liko hor soss, for slie's peart as a katydid. ? . . - , But itrlint was I t jlkin' of ?— 0 I tUo Jedgo and his daughter— sha read Xovols tho wholo day long, and I reckon Bho read them ubed, Aud .»o me times she road them out loud to the Jedge on tha porch whoro he sat, ; Anil 'cwns how ? Iiord Augustus ' said this, nnd how ' Lndy Blanoho ' she said that. But the sickest of all that I hoerd, was a yarn tho tlioy road 'bout a elmp, ? Lo:, ther-stoct ing ' liy namo, and a hunter chock full 0' the greenest o' sap ; Aua thoy askou mo to hoar ; hut I says : ' Mi;s Mabel, not any lor mo ; When I likes I kin sling my own lies, and thet chap und I shouldn't ugi-eo.' Yet soinohow or other sho was always sayin' I brought her to mind Of folks about whom sue hud read, or sutbin' belike of thet kind, And tbar warn't no ond- o' tho names thet she gave me tbet snramer up hoic, 1 Eobin Hood,' ' leather- stocking,' * Rob Eoy '—0, I tell you, tho critter was queer. And yet, ef sho hadn't been spiled, sho was harmless enough in hor way ; Sho could jalilioi- iu French to ber dad, and they said ttiet she know how to play. And she worked mo that shot-poncli up thar— which' the mim doesn't livooz kin use, And sliniisrs— you Bee 'em domiyer — 01 would ccndle au Iudiim's pappoose. Yot along o' thorn novels, you see, she was wasting And then she gat shy' with her tongno, and nt Ins t had nothiu' to say; . : And »henovor I b'ipponed : around, her faco it was hi.l by a book, And it w.iru't until sho left that sho gavo mo ez much . ez a look. And this was tho way it was : It was night when I kom up hero To pay to 'oui nil ' good b.ve,1 for I reckoned to go for 'dner At- ? Bun-un' tbo d»j thoy loft. So I snook 'em all by Urn tv.ud, 'Cent Mnliel, and sbo was sick, oz tboy gave me to understand. . , . Hut just us I passed tbo bouso next morning at dawn, Liko a littio waver o' mist, got up on tbo bill with tbo Miss Mabel it was, alone— all wrapped in a mantle of Ami Kim stood tlioro straight in the road, with a touch o* the sun in her fuco. And sho looked uo right in tho eye— I'd seon sutbin' like it beforo 1 'Wbon X bunted a wounded doa to tho edge 0' the Olear Lake sboi-d, . And I had my kueo on its nook, and jistwas raisin' my knife ' When it gave mo a look like that, and— well, it got off ; with its life. '? Wo ivo g-viu; to-ilay,' sbo said, ' and I thought I would Bay good-bye ; To you in your own houso, Luke— those woods and . the bright blue sky I You'll always boon kind to us, Lnkc, and papa has found yon still Ab gnod as tho air bo breathes, and wholesome as ? Laurel Treo Hill. ?And wo'll always think ot you, Lake, ns the thing wo could not take away — , 'Thobalanm that dwells iu tbo woods, tbo rainbow ;?-. that lives in tbo spray.: ?? V\ Atid you'll sometimes think of mo, Luke, as you kao\ -*ou onco used to say, I Ariile.siuoko blown through tbo woods, a moment, '.' but never to stay.' — . .- And then wo iihook bands. Sho turned, but a suddont ?; ^ she tottered ond foil; : ~s ^ j And I cangbt her sharp by tho waist, und held ber a ?'''mimt-woll, ? ' 'I It was only a mtnit, you know, that oz 00M and 0 \- white sho lay ; ! 33z'n snowuako horo on my breast, and then— woll, ?- . sho xholtcd a^vay — ? . | And was gono. :? *'.* And tbar aro bor boots i Imt ? ' ' I ssys not any for mo, ?' ? i Good enough may bo for some, but thorn and I mightn't .-? agree.- w -.'??. ??..-?/. .1 - i Thoy spiled n do -cnt girl oz might ber mado soino '? chap a wife: :.-.; 1 ??? ? '. ,- ? . ? And look lit mo !— olar ' two hundred— and never read ono 111 my lifo 1 : ' A'oriokqt.inatoh between Victoria and South Australia will bo play od in Melbourne at Kastoiv1 ? ' ' ? , ''' ?'.''' The Selection Committoo of the Cricket As sociation have chosen tho eightcon to do battln with tho Englishmen in tho battle-field, and of course, thoy, havo mulled the' wholo tiling, at least Bit eay many of tho rejected. It is singular how often, this sort of thing pcours, whenever a select fon' have to be picked out of a number. It is always just. tho rejeotod who ought to have boon ohoson, and. that horrid word,' favourit ism' is always much, bandied about at these times. Thore is this consolation though in tho present instance. If tho Brisbane team do not beat tho Englishmen— und it is possiblo thoy may not — wo can put the defeat on tho selection oomniittoe. This will salvo our wounded feelings, and will sond tho foreigners away .with the conviction that in was a luoky tl-ing for thorn that thoir opponents had boon picked by a body who did not know their bUBi rnesB. Apuin, if, by ohance, our follows get beaten, it will be a great reliof to tho feolings of the rejoctod ones to romark, 'Ah ! what did I loll you ?'—' Town Talk' in The Week. 