MRS. FRERE'S DIAMONDS. MB. FIIEIÏE was a very rich old ßcntlcmanof somewhat parsimonious habits. His one ex- travagance waa a love for young woman. He waa aa excellent example of elderly lover ; he waa not satisfied unless ho had a pretty young wife, and thea he made love to the sex at large, bargaining only for youth and beauty. Thc first Mrs. Frere was a lovely girl, with blue Mood in her veins. She was poor, and Mr. ¡ Frerc'a wealth tempted ber. She brought with her as her sole dowry a splendid [ diamond nccklaco which had been preserved ne an heirloom in her family. Mr. Yrtra waa almost as proud of this as he was of his wife, and lie, from time to time, added diamond ornament?, ontil finally elie possessed one of the (inest sets to be seen in any London draw- ing-room. She altered strangely after her marriage ; became devoted to drew, amuse- ment, nn I excitement. But she was quiet and amiable with her husband, except th nt at tirat alie frequently complained because he would not give her all BIIO wished. But after a while elie left off reproaching him. Ue would sot give her aa allowance ; he .iked to play the geoeroui trod uxorious huabaod, aad give her a dress when it took hie fancy to do aa. There was a dangerous light in her eyes sometimes when she submitted to bim. Bot she did not submit. Eventually, however, she lost patience, and dealt him the hardest blow that lies in a woman's power. .She ran away with a wild young cousin of her own whom she bad loved before her marriage. He was a spendthrift, and had made away with his slender fortune, en Mr. Frere had one comfort in his uneasy situation-he felt sure his foolish wife would discover now what poverty meant. She had gone to Pam, and those who met her thought her looking wretchedly ill ; but she always appeared very gay and dressed magnificently. In six mouths she died, and left Mr. frere free of all but her memory. The cousin went to America, and did not reappear in England for many years. It seemed he was doing well abroad. Mr. Frere had disliked the idea of getting a divorce, perhaps fearing that his bald crown and scant fringe of white hairs might raiso a laugh in court, But now that he was so agreeably set at liberty he immediately began to pay assiduous attention to one pretty i young lady after another. The number o' j young ladies with whom his was associated did not arise from his own changeableness, but from their unanimous rejection of his ad- dresses. For poor Mrs. Freres career was not forgotton. Sho bad been a favourite in her time, and most of her aquaintances re f¡arded him in the light of an old ogre, who lad driven her to her ruin and death. This was very trying to Mr. Frere, for he really doted upon youthful beauty, and ho much wished to appear in the society which ho feared bad been sneering at him, with another young and lovely bride upon hie arm. But his case really seemed desperate. Most ladies gave him the cold shoulder as soon as they guessed at his intentions ; if any allowed him propose, it was only for tbe pleasure of refusing him. The poor' old gentleman got quite depressed, and knew not what to do. He begau to think of travelling, and enticing some innocent young creature into wedlock who had never heard of the late Mr. Frere and her sad end. It was September, and he waa at a large country bouse where there were a number of morsels in the shape of young women; fae could not tear himself away from their capti- vations, yet he dared not propose, to any ono of them, for his recent experiences had made him nervous. It was humiliating to be re- jected by some girlish creature fresh from the Bchool-room, and then meet her every day ; and he did not want to go away from the house, for the girls were cot unkind to him, They teased, and pleased, and flattered him. Only he noticed that he could never be with one of them alone. They always (vent about with him in little companies, of three or four. In fact, they had determined that the old would-be lady-killer should never get the chance to make love to any one of them. A new addition to the circle, a lady who had been the beauty of the season just over, seomed much amused at this little arrange- ment. For her part, she said, she had no fear of Mr. Frere ; be was rich enough to be an eligible parti; bat he seemed afraid to speak to her. So ho was ; for sbe was the handsomest woman he seen for many a day, and ex- perience had taught him that he would fall in tove with her, and that if be would proposed she would refuse him. The last day of his stay arrived, and he was very sad. In thc afternoon he deserted tho men, who where out shooting, and went into the morning-room, where he found all tho young ladies in a etato of gaiety which young ladies sometimes indulgo in. They had been Etilling the men to pieces in their absence, and lughing at thom ¡ poor old Mr. Frere, whom any ano of them might have had for a lover, hud just had bis turn. He was giveu to mak- ing passionate speeches whenever he could get thc chance ; and some of the girls, ou compar- ing notes, found that he used the identical words to each. In fact, ho did Bomcwhat lack imagination. This amused the girls im- mensely, and they were laughing over it when ho came in. They immediately bogan to tease him, and while they asked bim a hundred questions all at once, ho stood smiling, flattered, and perfectly happy in their midst, Confused by the proseuce cf BO much beauty, he made a speech, which most of those who heard it re- garded as absolute nonsense. "Ladies," he said, "I am going away to- morrow. It is dreadful to go away and leave you. I don't think I have the courage to do it, unless one of you wilt consent to console me. Which of you ladies will marry me? My wife will have the late Mrs. Frere's diamonds, and they are not to be despised." He spoke as if purely in a joke, and laughed as he Baid it. But his eyes looked eagerly and anxiously round the merry circle to seo ii any face looked thoughtful. "I will, Mr. Frere," said tho beauty; diamonds suit me, and I adora them." Tile others looked in amazement, and thon burst into pearls of laughter. The idea of the beauty sacrificing hersolf for a set of diamonds -she who, it was supposed, might wear a coronet if she choose 1 But Lady ROBB knew her own position bettor than any one else. She had been out several seasons, and had had no offer worth accepting, sud her mother would not let her have tho man sho loved, A rich old man, who, as she fully determined, should he her slave , a set of diamonds for lier very own which were a fortune iu themselves -these things were worth thinking about. Tbc whole thing was treated as a joke by every one present. Bot in the evening Mr. Frere came quietly to Lady Rose tndjmt down by her. " Lady Rose," he said, "If you are willing to hold to the bargain we mado to- day, I will keep to my part of it." She raised her eyes and looked coldly into his, " If yon mean it," she said, " BO did I. As I snid, diamonds suit me ; and I have noue," " I will give you the late Mrs. Frere's on your wedding day," be answered. "The jewel-case which contains them Bhalt be opened by you for the first time since she herself shut it." lu due time the marriage was announced and the details were settled. The wedding was fixed for an early date. Lady Rose, having made her bargain, was not diffident about fulfilling it. She wanted the diamonds; not only for their beauty, but because when once they were in her hands she would be rich in ber own right for the first time in her life. She was avaricious becanseshe wasunh&ppy; and she determined that if Mr. Frere proved in- tolerable, and wanted to be her master instead of her slave, she would, like the late Mrs. Frere, run away, but she would not commit the fatal mistake of leaving thc diamonds be- hind. At last thc wedding-day came, and there was no doubt about one thing -Ludy Hose was the handsomest bride of the whole year. And yet she was so pale ns to look like thc ghost of herself. Tho diamonds she wore were the envy ami ndin'ration of her friends. They were magnificent ; her white ucck and anns blazed with their beauty. Hut hrfore long she made a discovery which chilled her blood, and made her face na white aï j 1;at of a ghost. Thc diamonds were paste '. llcfiuc her fight thc runaway had had the set of jewels exactly imitated by a dexterous jiiwelliT in the Palais Royal, nnd none li'it an expert could have told the difference. It M as on the proceeds of the sale of thc real stones that, after her flight, the lady and her cousin lived luxuriously in Paris. 