DEEP SEA LIGHTHOUSES. I [From Irons The paper read by Mr. Chris Anderson, of Leeds, before the Society of Engineers, on the construction of deep-sea lighthouses will, we hope, attract the attention it deserves. Mr. Anderson proposes to construct such lighthouses of hollow rivetted ironwork in the form of a large cylinder, about 36ft. in diameter, and 20ft. in length, consisting of three essential parts. The upper portion, rising 300ft out of the water, is to be similar, so far as shape, arrangement, and internal fittings are concerned, to the tower of an ordinary lighthouse. The central portion, about waterline, is to be packed with a material (such as corkwood) much lighter than water, and capable of forming a durable and unsinkable floating tower. The lower portion, extending to 100 ft. below the water line, is intended to counteract the force of wind and weather acting upon the tower, and as ballast to lower the centre of gravity of the whole structure to any desired extent. To this compartment water is admitted, and if necessary a quantity of iron ballast can also be employed. The lighthouse is to be erected complete in the shipbuilding yard, launched, and towed out to its intended site, where it will readily be made to assume its erect position by admitting water to the lower compartment. Having been properly floated and ballasted it is to be securely attached by steel wire ropes 2in. in diameter to anchor blocks, weigh a ing about 200 tons each, sunk in suitable positions, so that is water one mile deep each rope would be from two to three miles long. The proposed displacement is about 2,000 tons, for which there would be no difficulty in providing adequate moorings. The structure is entirely dependent for its floating power upon the light material contained in the central division, and is consequently un- sinkable even if damaged by collision with a ship or an iceberg. Owing to its ~ peculiar form and arrangement, its stability is very great, so that, if forced from its perpendicular, it would instantly right itself with great power. The author has calculated that a hurricane moving with a velocity of 100 miles per hour, equivalent to pressure of 50lb per square foot, will only cause a deviation of 10 degrees from the perpendicular. Against this it is to be noticed that the sag of the mooring ropes will form a most effective spring to control any tendency to oscillation. As the whole mass of the structure's comparatively great, and the area exposed to the lifting force of waves very small indeed, it is thought the rising and falling motion caused by passing waves will be almost inappreciable. The extreme desirability and increasing necessity for lighthouses and telegraphic stations in mid ocean is universally admitted. The following important objects to be attained by their construction may be briefly stated : -1. For meteorological purposes, as from a station say 1,000 miles from our shores, a storm warning from the Atlantic could be sent 36 hours in advance, and a yearly saving of many million pounds worth of maritime property and of hundreds of human lives thereby effected. (2) Shipowners could be apprised of the passage and condition of their vessels, and could forward messages to the same en route. (3) To afford rendezvous for vessels in distress or shipwrecked crews. The author also proposes to employ similar lighthouses on a smaller scale for coast service. The immense saving of life and property which would result around the shores of the United Kingdom would be sufficient in one year alone to recoup their cost many times over. As we pride ourselves on being an eminently seafaring nation, it should for low that the above invention, which certainly tends towards rendering navigation, safer and communication with ships in, distress easier, would receive more than ordinary support The scheme is ingenious, and, we think, perfectly practicable. _ Oners An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the bullet In visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that Or some of the journals. The sceptical mind Is, however inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost r " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread?" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy " bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread for although it won't " raise ghosts," It will raise bread is the most admirable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has It by him, and every good housewife o buys It. 21-0-83. Anvios TO MOTHERS Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting; ! teeth t Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle or MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless, and pleasant to taste. It produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain and toe. BURN cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, It softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising; from teething or other causes. Mrs, Window's Booth Ing Syrup is sold by msdldM dealt assesses alls ld. pet notes. There has never been produced a tonic or stimulant to equal WOLFE'S Sen N Ar PS It has maintained its hold upon popular patronage, sod stands alone to use gas Alsiaader, 