WEDDED, BUT NO WIFE. A TALE OF A g B t o WBONQ. CHAPTER XXL Da. DE TO0BVrni.E G3ES TO THI OEBOLE i(T GfcABAM EOKTOH. Antbae of DuiKVantan for Wealth. "Angels," WboXjlled John Boyd* r Ac., sc., ' B most h&i;^tome $ tte maw Site hquBea Sn the fasUoflsble quarter of StGermams. for it WM of thc.Oeltbratod piiys]- cian, Dr, tie Tonmlle, whose fame wU> great, not only throdglitoit Patts, but evan lnEn£ltuyL At that day tbare was scarcely a jtmm J T j J of i from nobility il:: this in IT- life Pari* without cawo » the. ii.. into Aid or of Or, de fleTot aeToarrUle.-and who bnt he could cure M. le Marquis of bis gouVor oftarm sway tfce vapours of Madamcjf Dnobeese? Whobtrt Dr. de TourviUe W j b r i P ® fcy roSging patients, wbo .Wi^Wftf wuA.trom country practitioners without benefit—who bnt he wnkutasiiltea byBndish tailotda «ka had tho misfortune to fall aick ID tho gay capital of ftinoer Few tharon^hly det«nnlnefl tu<w lHp> btore set before themselves a great parpoee to be worked »m«, to attain it Uonljr they be snfficimtlf ntwininuloos ? tad so it had been v^tb Adrien Lyon, bj ritti of his muTian 'fid' due^lfeenoB «~the anthoriSi^ UirfjHUe.. He W fltotepte^ to beji •noowtful rfcywouuv ana he had determined to be tins, and h*. was OOtL HO was fairly happy, too. in his way. To* man like Adrien & TourrtUe, Whcpfe Behtfbillties axe not keen, to whom thp. happiness of others,adfls nothing .toi his ownj who oares not for and mak« no* after affectum; who is content to find .felicity in the gratification of hisdesirei; to whom; to ha»fe fame, to have riches, and the health to enjoy WJjh to beatitude—It is nothingtq roch a ra^o If the woman who presides at M s a n d i to. whom perchance he is indebted for a stisie of the ricnee that were the first Btepping-atone that helped him to mount npward to the height where money makes more money,, and to him that hath the world jdveth much taore abundantly: ft Is ssthlng if she be cold and indifterant; ht seeks no joys of domesticity ; he requires as a wife a distinguished - looking aristocratic lady figure, to conduct his entertainments, to be conned and admixed by society, and capable of dnly representing the fame and the wealth of her liusband to the world. So long as society knows nothing of the fact that in prirate the man and the woman seldom meet and rarely speak, it is nothing to the mpo. ,He only bargained for wealtn and a distinguished air, there was no mention of love in the oontcaot. Hence, sach A man may be almost solitary in his own house. .His home may bo only a more convenient place of resort where the cookery is better and the wines su jerior to those of an hotel; but he cares not so long as the HM of society are to be found at his entertainments, so long as his wife holds a recognised place in the ranks of the loaders of fashion, he is happy. Thus it was that Adrien de Tonrrille, in his great hotel in Paris, considered himself not only a fortunate but a happy man: although it was notorious to the world of Paris that Madame de Tourville and he were not a domestic oonplc, Not that there was any Bcandal; he ana she were both too well versed in the ways of society for that. Did he ever think as he drove along in his well appointed carriage on his daily round of visits of that little incident years ago iu the Ouartier Latin 7 Did any ghost of Violet Proudfoot ever rise up, Banquo like, as the waxlights softly glittered on the rich plate and sparkling glass o! his woll- appointed table ? Certainly not. Self-concentrated men like Dr. de Tourvillo never think of the past, are never haunted by phantoms, airdrawn by the finger of remorse, so long as they whirl along successfully in the full tide of the stream of life. It is only when the curtains arc drawn around the bed, and the man is loft all alone to fight out the last great struggle with death ; when the deaf ear oan no longer hear the words of religious consolation ; and the parched lips and fevered palate oan no longer taste the flavour of the rich wine with which the physician seeks to still his pain; that he iliinks, and that noiseless spectres, invisible to all eyes but b is, dim with the film of death, creep in behind the curtains, and harrow his last moments with their stern gazo of re- 1 >roaohful accusation. Little, however, &s; he suspected It, ono night in June, as ho stepped into his carriage and drove off to bis Cercle for a short recreation previous to prooeeding to the opera, where Madame de TourvUle was odtant in her Idae amid a crowd of admirers. Nemesis was following fast on the footsteps of the horse that whirled him through the street. The doctor deacon-led at the door of the Cercle Horatian and iiassod into the brilliantly lighted apart menta. The Cercle is at oncc one of tho most fashionable and notorious in Paris. Its library is large and wellappointed, so aleo is the reading-room. The drawing-room and other apartments vie with t!i»e in maguificeuce. The library is deooroted in the Egyptian Btyle, and the furniture is heavy oak covered with crimson velvet, and the carpet is soft and yielding, and permits no sound of a footfall to be heard. It Is a prinoe of libraries, the very place what* a wealthy dilettante would delight to recline and read an edition de bate ot some favourite author. The drawing-room is beautifully decorated in the style of the period ,of Louis Quatorze, ana the light elegant furniture and rich daintily coloured hangings correspond. It in tern is the very picture of a place where some fashionable exquisite would delight to whirl beneath the gorgoonB chandeliers ninlsndent with lights, to the strains of some German waltz, whisering the while tender nothings in the ear of Cis partner. But strange as it may Beem the chandeliers in the great drawing-room are rarely lighted, and that no dost accumulates on the books in the library is due rather to the oare of the servants and the closeness of the glass cases than to the frequency with which the volumes are read by the members. People come to the Cercle Horatian for other I'llnJOBeR than reading and flirtation, or evon eating—although tho refreshment room is occasionally, during very early hours in the morning, largely frequented. If, however, the library is unused and the drawing-room deserted there are other rooms which at almost any and every hour of the day, and day of the week, have their occupants- There is tho magnificent billiard room tor ezatnplo ; where young and inexperienced players occasionally lose considerable sums of money, and above all the well-appoiated card-rooms, one of coursc devoted to vingt- ct-nn, whore ooe may lore any sum from twenty to twenty thousand francs, that one caxos to risk; another to Insguenct and dearth, and yet another to whist, where elderly gentlemen who wear decorations and tako snuff, play for stakes that would astonish unsophisticated frequenters of the card-table, and lose or win with the same quiet smile and calm composed air sums of money which would feed for a month an average artizan's family living in Montmartre The Cercle Horatian is, in fact, only the Restaurant Cracov over again. Tho brilliant drawing room, the refreshment-room, the wellappointed library, take the place of the clean dining-room, with its counter and tables covered with snowy linen ; bnt men who are in tho secret called the Restaurant Cracov a hell, and the Cercle Horatian by a much more polite and reuned namo. Wonderful is the difference which poclety makes between twiddlc-jlo dum and twfdale-de-dee. ' The former will, fpr example, represent the Restaurant Craopv, where men in a back liarlour. eiger-eyM, nervous, excitable pen, whose hands are yellow rather thtta white— whose linen js clasVy, whose jetveljery Is BUSiiicious> who imotc cheap cigars, drink brandy and ft&ter;, and play at games of chance % stakes varying from, We will my, five Bhmihgs to aB many pounds, and are called ' by society gamblers. The latter wl)} represent the Cercle Horatian, ,whon men of birth and hrreding, men of culture and of wealth.' whose hands frc faultless io shape and whitenpsa, whoso UHbn is Immaculate, Whose jettd lery is (upbrb, who sttoke ttOthihg but the finest leaf t>f Hafsnn&h;, a^d drink chainpagnoor frargundy; play games more or'IeSs of chance and more or less of skill for stakes of from fit's pounds to ss many thousandth and are called by society—ahem !—well, of course, there is; no delicate term which aBn be substituted for that terrible word gambler and so society! shuts its mouth and says nothing. Twfqale^e-dum represents the wretched gamin, ragged sad dirty, oonveyed to the nearest pohoe-station by «a active officer for playing pitch tad tos6 In the gutter, to be A "lf rft"t f r JfT" hf & dlscrinilnating administrator of the law en the follptrtng day, 1 Twiddle-de-dee represents the Active constable on duty n?ar the Club entrance,:who, gating admiringly on the golaenfale whe0WS9MWiM'l?WW^1iednced by (he wetnabs ofthe nl^UL jtnd the length of tfme his Blaster haj rein&iqed; fs'fhe Club, to retire to a nntilchpuje nt l ^rom that " ; (ulatlal jialatlil building, oMnes OMI that his " ludbliip must 'ave won a pot of monejF. r 11m* there is all the difisrescB i in the v . Hd bctwoen t>nddle4l>-diun and twiddle Je-dec; betweip Dr. Lnn- the gamester, Hiking his substanpe, andpQagtagand being pillaged at the Restaurant -Craoov, and the celebrated Dr. dcTourvule, losing or winning two or three thousand francs with the most perfect indifferences and equanimity at the Uercle Eloratian. 