Muriel and I. :; :: ,BY ROWLAND MORRISON. CuurrEs L.-How I MEr HfnE. APPEINh'G one morning,.,to. wards the clos of tc o y a sonal" column of The Argos, I camiie upon the following : "Dearest Jack, ~yhy this long silence? Amn heart.brokdn'ly-the -terrible suspense. Do write. Address G.P.O. 'Muriel." Times out of number.,I hiad read very, similarly-worded advertisements in the same column, without bestowing a single thought on them. Yet, somehow or other, this par ticular one senomed to haunt my mind in a most ridiculous manner; and I found my self 'several times, duiing the couri6 of the day, repeating: the, wiords;.to imys~self, abd falling into "a reverie of speculation as to their meanlng.; : " I could not possibly, of course, then know that they were destined to possess any significance'whatever for myself personally ; to become the first link in the short chain of events leading up to 'the happiest event of my life-my maiage with. the best girl in Melbourne. But I shall come to this if dluo time... ....... , I hlad occasio the next morning to call at the General Posntollice for a letter I ?as ex. pecting to be sent to me,'addressed there, from the country, when a yosing lady entered the offico just. befsre me, and inquired if there.,were :any letter for. Miss Muriel Parnid'm. "oMuriel " Instantly the advertisemnent of the. day before', flashed across my mind, and my curiosity was eagerly-and, I am afraid,'unpardonably-excited. I glanced at the young lady's face as she turned to go away, letter in hand, and I thought that it was one of the prettiest I had ever seen. It was not so much in the regularity and de licacy of the features that the beauty lay perhaps her face was not faultless in this re spect-as in the sweet expression that played about her mouth, and the tender, earnest look of her clear brown eyes. It was good. ness--goodness of heart, and a gentle, lovable disposition that I saw there. \Vhen I came out from the olfice on to the verandah, a smart shower had come on, and the rain was falling pretty heavily. The young lady was there, waiting (as I found afterwards) for a St. Kilda 'bus to come along. She had evidently been reading, and was troubled by the letter, which she held open in her hand, for her face was now very pale, and her eyes bedinimed with tears. She was .nauntecring along the top atet, and I had just time to. notice her dangerous piroximity to the edge of it, of which, from her abstracted look, I fancied her to be un. conscious, when her foot slipped over and "hl fqll heavily. In aniinstant I. with one or two ohers whob lialwitnessed the accident, was at:her oide to alp her to rise; bitt the poor girl had twisted her ankle badly, and could not put her foot to the ground, so I at once hailed a passing cab, and we assisted her into it as gently as possibly. A--A fewanoments after,-I: having obtained her ?lehptantt pgruission to seee her to her home khsdlabith'e r ito' it, iveo.wero'driiidg: to etberalong g the St. Kilda road. A feo ceks pasd on and Christmas was: *,pproa?Fig,, On.tho" day.ofntMuriel's acci-; dent, Mrs. larnham had thanked ie most Iprofusly, for the service I had been fortunate couogh to render her daughter ; aid when I tdher ,that I shbould like to be allowed to call aioonally to inquire after the patient's piogreo,;she was good enough to say that it could : give; her the greatest pleasure to see; owlihneecr I chose'to call.. I It thus., amneaboitthatIwasnowapretty c natazt vaitor; at the house, and many a pleasant evening I spent with the old lady and her two daughters-for Muriel had a isnter, Esther, some two.;or three years her iunior. My pleasure, however, on these oc. casions was not unmixed with pain, for, al. though Mtriel was rapidly recovering from the effects: of her accident, I could not but observe that a constant sadness had settled over her, and that it was with evident effort that she strove to shake it off and appear cheerful and light- hearted. It was on the evening but one before Christmas i Day-how well I remember it now-that'Muriel, for the first time, cast aside her melancholy in earnest, and became once more the bright, happy, cheerful girl that I have now long since known her to be naturally. I was spending the evening at the house, and our conversation turned to the approach ing festival, and to the charity, good-will, and forgiveness of injuries that ought to pre dominate in our minds at that season. During 'the evening Muriel was absent from the room for about half-an-hour, and when she returned the sad expression had vanished from her face, which was now irradiated by a happy smile. ' Taking occasion shortly afterwards by her mother's leaving the room, and Esther's sitting down to the piano to asir , she put letter into my hand, and asked ' quietly if I would post it for Iher that e hg without saying anything about it t4 mother or sister, as she wished it to slivered in town next day. \- I have since learnt, as you shll presently hear, that this was lMuriel's Christmas message of good- will and forgiveness to the man who was the cause of all hersorrow. CIAPtrERIIs.-How I WOOED JANOD WO HEn. It was impossible for anyone to know Muriel and not like her; it was impossible for me to know her long and not love her. A year had gone by since the events narrated above, and I now never allowed a week to pass without paying at least one visit to the Parnhams' house-often more ; and I knew that after each of these occasions I looked forward to the next as eagerly as a school-boy to his holidays. In fact, in plain, simple language, I.was over head and ears in love with Muriel Parnham. Often in the cool of the summer evenings we would take walks together along the St. Kilda Esplanade or pier, the sea-beach, or Albert Park, conversing on every imaginable topic but one-the cause of Muriel's sorrow when I first made her acquaintance. She luut never, by any chance, alluded to the subject, and, of course, her silence regarding it was sacred to me. So time passed on until, as I have said, I had known her for a year. It was a lovely December evening, and we were strolling together arm-in-arm-up and down the pier. "Do yon remember, Muriel," I said to her, " what anniversary this is !-the anni versary of your unfortunate accident." .. She looked up in my face half- seriously, half-playfully, as she replied : "Unfortunate accident. I am sure mamma' and Esther look upon it as the anniversary of a most happy accident, since it brought them the pleasure of knowing you.". , "And for yourself, Muriel, dear!"I said:. "Do you share the sentiments of 'your mamma and Esther !" "Of course. You ought to know I do. Don't you know I do ?" she asked, giving my. arm a squeeze, and blushing as her eyes met I I know that it is a very la?py'ininiver sary fdinme, dear," I answered. :And so we went on, and so we talked.. I dare say, reader mine, you could tell me the general-drift of our conversation, and its sum and substance, just as well as I could tell you, for you know all about it yourself.' Everywhere it is the same, and the cat is never let altogether out of the bag until the same prelininary of letting it peep out has been gone through. At last I led her to a seat, and then I unburdened my soul, and poured my tale of love into her ear. I reminded her again how we had known each other for a whole year; hows I believed I had fallen in love with her when I first saw her; how, at any rate, I had since, as surely she had seen herself, grown to love her very, very dearly, and more dearly every day; Ihow my whole being was bound up in hers; and how she had be. conime necessary to its happiness, if not to its very existence; and I asked her if she could love me in return, and if she would be my wife, and tmake ste the happiest man in the world; and I vowed that if she would do this I woultl devote the whole of my life and energy and thoughts to making her happy; and, when I saw by her face what her answer was before she spoke, I drew it towards mine, and she gave me a kiss that setidsoa thrill through me even now when I think of it., Yes, all this passed just as only itr?i much greater length thn I have written it, and when we rose to return home. our alliance had bdon sealed by inore loving vows aid kisses. i -' -? "And now, .dearest :Arthd?' aid my sweet girl; "I am going to raise aghost." "A'ghost, "isy little necroiiiiiner " I re plied. " And whose ghost are you going to raise ?" "The ghost of a skeleton I once had in my cupboard," she replied. "I have long ago -buried-it, and have never wished or in tended to summon it to earth again; but AdwithiatlIIam youida ad you.aro mine, I shall not be perfectly happy until I have "showri"it'to you, and-you know the only secro? that:I;havo to tell you ; and as I shall never~, have ,any more skoletons' to. bury, I shall :never have. any more ghosts to raise," she added, giving my arm.a desperate hug as sheosmiled up in my face.: And then she told me the story of Jack Arnaleigh and her .self. ; ; A rneleigl had. come to Melbourne from a neighboring colony about four years :ago, ngborinng with him an introduction to, among others, Mr. Parnhain,'MIuriel's,father, who was then alive. Mr. Pareham introduced him to his family, ;with whom his gentlemanly bearing anid genial manners soon made him a favorite. Very soon he. devotedl. his attentions par ticularly to Muriel, and- at last appeared to be desperately in love with her.: In return he, completely won lier .affectionis, and she gave, him her whole heart with all the.un. selfish passion of a girl's first love: . So matters wenton pleasantlyenoough, aild Muriel and- he becat positivelyengaged, with the full consen and approval of her parents... :. . a. . The day of thbo mariage had been fixed upon and was approalng ; the bridesmaids were in . the preliminary stage of flutter and excitement; all the invitations for' the ceremony and broakfaso had been issued and accepted; and, thle cnsummation of ,the happiness of the yong couple seemed'on the evs of completion; when the-sudden death of Muriel's- father eliasiged the joy.;into mourning, aind put an end for the present to -all the preparations and anticipations.-., Mr. lrarnham had been dead for more than a year, and, Muriel. aid Jack were to be married. on the Christmas Eve of last'year- the year of her accideodt-wlien, suddenly, and without any cause that .she could dis cover, his attentions to .er began to flag, his visits to her to be leas frecuent, and his manners not so warm.: ! . , Muriel was sadly distneased, for she loved him very dearly. She kndw that she had given, hm no cause for this change, as her whole heart and soul; almost every thought of her mind, had been devoted to him since their engagement. But she could not bring herself to believe that he could be guilty of the cruel and cowardly sin of deserting her on the eve of their marriage, and after they had been alreadyall but married, merely for a new fancy ; and she tried to think that some false friend's scandal was at the bottom of it, and that she would be able, by renewed devotion, to win back his love, and clear away from his mind the false doubts about herself. When, however, she received one morn ing a short letter from him, telling her that he had to go into the country for some time anl could give her no present address, but would shortly write, the poor girl was nearly heart.lroken, for she now began to fear the worst. Weeks passed, and no news from him came to her. Her mother and sister, who had been alarmed by her pale, sad looks, now guessed thecausoe of it, and questioned her. She had to tell them all, for the arrangements and invitations must be cancelled. As a last resource, however, before taking this step, so agonising to the poor girl's feelings, she determined to put in The Argus the advertisement that so power fully aroused my curiosity and interest. She knew that her mother and sister would strongly oppose her doing so, for they had persistently urged her to dismiss from her mind the man who had proved himself such a base scoundrel, and to congratulate herself instead upon her happy esape from having to realise his unworthiness when too late. For this reason she had determined to say nothing about it to them, and to ask Arns leigh to address his letter (if lie wrote) to the G.P.O.; and thus it was that I had the great good fortune to see her there, te assist her alter her accident, to get to k;,. her, and to woo and win her; and was, too, that the advertisement' first linl: in this eai:t tlhabi?s in up to the greatest happin?o...? . " It is needless to go into details3bba.-. letter I saw her receive-it was short, cold, cruel. Pretending to take offence from the advertisement, Arnsleigh had written in such a way as to put it out of Muriel's power, if she possessed ever so little selftrespect, to entertain a thought of ever again resuming her past relationship to him. As I have said in an earlier part of this story, the effect of all this was to bring an intense sadness upon fMuriel, and at one time even to threaten serious and lasting injury to her health. HIowever, her noble self-relia'?ce bore her up, and brought her safely through it all; and, when at last she was ably on the very day that she was to have been rlarried to her deserter, to write him a letter 3f Christmas charity and free forgiveness, is: reply to the crel one which he had sent her with the object of stabbing her thronug.t her self-re spect, and of strangling her wavided love then it was that Muriel ParnhZli rose to the full height of her native nobilit- of soul, and emerged from the furnace of her affliction purified as gold. CseArTER II.--Hots MnRimE ?csl Am\s. LaKo5's Door. IMuriel and I had been marri-:d for about two years. I must not omit to mention that during that period our union had been blessed with the usual " happy "vent;" and my wife wishes me to add that never was them born into this world a more wonder ful, more good-tempered, or more beautiful child,orone with thesymptoms of genius more clearly developed, than her little Arthur. We had been married, as I have said,' about two years, when, one evening as I was enjoying my after-dinner smote, Murisi came behind my easy chair, an,'throwiaig' her arms rouid my neck, and locking doin over my head into mny face, sail : "B!ie beard, Iwant to talk to you about some thing very particularly." I knew from experience thatihen my wifoe addressed: mo as ."Bluebeud a ro. quest that LI should -gratify eomb wish of her's was sure to follow. - She sat lown ons stool beside me, and after soothing the?way by ankiss, continued-- ,. :, . " "Up to the. present time, as 0ou know, Arthur, dear, and in accordance o ith-your wishes, I have never seen or held-any com munication with Jack Arnsleighb widow since her maeriage to him three ears ago., although we used to be great friends be fore that time. But since his de&ath; last year, when she was left with hir young child quite unprovided for, she has been very ill. I heard to- day that she is actually dying in lodgings in Carlton. Mrs. Gun. thorpe, who told me this, gave mx her ad dress; and. Arthur, I want you somuch to let me go atd see her, and do what I can for her. Surely we may now forget the past, and let bye-gones be bye-geones." And so it was that my darling went daily to tile sick bed of the woman who lad once unscnrslsously supplanted her in the affec tions of hlier betrotshed huslanil, and soothed hier last hours with kindness and afflctionate attention. And so it was that the poor, young mother died blessing the name of Muriel, who had promisedt her, after talking it over with me, that her boy should be taken into our home andi adlopted by us. She bade farewell to this world on Christ mas Eve last by a strange coincidence of dates, ansd on that dlay lMuriel brought little Jack Arnsleighl hIome with her; and so did she endorse the nobility of her' forgiveness to the-living man by a still nobler testimony of forgiveness to his memory when dead. 