BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. While tho threo factions, Tammany Hull, Irving llall, and the County Democracy art) fighting to seo which 0110 shall get this im perial city by tho throat, our streets and parks, which tho thieves of tho Tweed ring left, in tho best possible condition, have bo eomo an unsightly ruin. Central 1'ark a fow years ago was our pride. Its beautiful avenues and shady nooks were a constant de light to tho thousands who frequented it, but it is so no longer. It is now the Paradise of tramps and bWkmailors, who wnteh of an evening for ladies and gentlemen onjoy ing a quiet stroll and suddenly rushing out from their retreats accuse them of all sorts of infamous offences, and then by threats of exposure oxtort money from them as the prico of thoir silence. This would bo bad enough if tho thieves and blackmailers were not aided by tho police. Wo have two seta of police in this city. The regular police, governed by tho police commission, and the park police, ruled by tho park commission. Instead of acting together, and aiding each other in furthering the ends of justice, they endeavor to outwit and thwart each other, and throw ovory obstaclo in tho way of oacli other's success. Only bust week a gentleman wan taking a walk with his wife. While in a lonely place a policeman rushed out of tho bushes, and with a violent oath, at tho sanio time flourishing his club, declared that ho had caught them and would tako them in. , Tho gentleman naturally folt outraged and 1 stood up in defonco of his wife, oiily to be brutally clubbod, dragged to tho polico station, and thrown into a cell. Next morn ing when ho was taken boforo a magistrate, and the true inwardness of tho affair became known, tho gentleman was discharged and tho attention of tho park commission called to tho outrago, and wo expect to hear, in tho course of a fow weeks, that the policeman was perhaps over zealous in his duty, and they will politoly request him not to do it again. This is but one of many instances whore tho public have boon'subjected to out rago, and whero all satisfaction has boon denied. Broadway, our great thoroughfare, is in wretched condition. Tho pavoinont which tho Tweed ring laid in 18(58 has novor been repaired, and it is full of holes ami gullies from tho Battory to Union-squaro. Tho street commissioner has no time to look after it. Ho is busy looking up tho frauds of his subordinates, for it now looks as if every public department was honeycombed with fraud. Thefts of tho public funds have been going on for yoars, and nobody but tho robbers appear to know anything about it. Wo are having nil overhauling of tho city's musty lodgor, and it, is not pleasant reading for tho tax-payers of Now York. Wo aro asking ourselves who paid tho §50,000 that it took to carry tho political heelers to Buffalo and back. Tlioy all wore clothos in tho latest stylo, nobby hats and shinoy boots, gold chains big enough for an ox cart woro by no means rare, and tho dis play of diamonds would have dolightcd tho heart of a Chatham-strcot or Bowory Jew, who felt that in tho ordinary course of human ovents tlioy would evontually find their way into his window. Tlioy wero a hard-looking lot. Just such a crowd as you meet at rat jiits and dog lights and slogging matches in the prizo ring. Lookingat tlio crowd I could not holp askipg myself, who pays for all this ; who paid for tho whiskey, champagno, braudy ana cigars that thoso ruflians con sumed 1 This is getting to bo a soriousc con sideration. Oliicors aromado to pay so that an army of political lieclors 6an bo maintained. Castle Garden, makes a largor salary than tho Prosidont of the United States, and tho sheriff of tho county of Now York receives ovor §100,000 a year. In one way and another wo use up in our city and county govorninont nearly, thirty millions of dollars, and in a few years tlioy have piled on us a debt of ono hundred millions of dollars. The grand jury lisis boon trying to indict somebody for tho frauds, and now wo aro met with tho appalling fact that wo have no prison largo enough to hold tho criminals if wo indict all tho swindlers and thieves in Now York. To givo you an idea of how things aro done, or cortainly woro done up to a very little whilo ago, the sheriff farmed out for a consideration various departments undor his control. Ludlow-strcct jail was one of tho most valuable bonanzas, and was let out, in round numbors, for §25.000 per year. Tho noxt question was how to get this money back, for of course it had to bo wrung out of tho poor wretchos who wero undor control of tho deputy sheriff in chargo. Do faultors, swindlors awaiting trial, criminals about to be extradited to foreign countries, woro all romanded to this jail. The keeper had a boarding houso whore board could be obtained at from fiftoen to fifty dollars per week. Ho also had a bar whero all sorts of drinks could be procured, and strict watch was kept to seo that no contraband whiskey wiis admitted to the jail. If a prisoner wanted to pass tho night outside tho prison walls ho could do so, no matter what his of fence, for §100 to the keeper and §25 to the deputy who accompanied him. In this way a Bank of England forger, who was awaiting extradition, spoilt ovor §3,000. Tweed spent a littlo fortune there, and other well-known criminals have spent quite as much. It has been estimated that under favorable circum stances that Ludlow-street jail was good for §1,000 per week, leaving a clear §25,000 pro tit for tho lucky holder of the berth. Tho question is how to reform it. I can only think of two ways, Either sink the island or blow it up. Either way has certain diffi culties which I cannot at present overcome, if we sink it how can we fill up the hole, and if we blow it up what can we do with the debris. Brooklyn is a blaze of excitement again this week over another scandal, which has shaken it to its centre. For many years there has resided there a physician who has with his family enjoyed the highest social consideration. He lias children grown up and daughters married, and a wife who is honored and respected by all who know her. The doctor himself is a fine looking mail on the sjiady side of fifty. He w;vs fond of music, and occasionally led in tho choir. He was powerful on Moody and Sankey's hymns, he could " Hold the Fort " against a batta lion, and his " Ninety-and-Nine " wasalmost equal to Sankey's. He was heavy at exhor tation, and had a special gift of prayer. But a shadow [came over his home, for his wife noticed that he was taking an undue interest in a young saint, who was also a pillar of the church. He went off with her to excursions and picnics, and some months ago he went off oil a picnic with his little angel and he did not come back. Last week the heart broken wife learned that he had married tho girl in Ilochester, and was figuring there as a bright and shining member of the church. He has brought ruin and disgrace on himself, on tlio girl, and on his family, but this week the affair will go .to the courts when we shall bo regaled with tho history of another ruined home. I could not help remarking the other day, notwithstanding the fact that the big bridge ends in Chatham-street, it is tho only street in New York in which there is little or no change, the buildings looking as they were fifty years ago. It is the great artery which connects down town with tho tremendous human hives that crowd tho east, side. Tl;o street is narrow and dirty, and tlio houses have a decayed sort of air which tells of a former age. The Jew clothier, once so famous, has only a feeble hold there. He has moved his stock to other and pleasanter pastures. Even the pawnbrokers have fled. Simpson has moved up town, having only a small office at his former stand, and the Harts, once so famous, have abandoned the business. One brother is dead, and the other owns stocks and bonds estimated at millions ; how many nobody knows. By tho way, there is quite a romance about the Harts, the inside history of which has never been written. Right in the. middle of tho block on the south side of Chatham-street is a vacant lot belonging to the Harts. The fence is covered -\yith pc.s.enj ttnd tiiQ irisida is covered ^'ith a pile of ruined i moss-grown Driok, Over forty yoars ago there Btood on that lot a clothing store, and above it was alodgings house where cheap lodging were tho baggago smasher of let to passing travellers. Ononightitwasbunied to tho ground, and several of tho sleeping lodgors perished in tin; flumes. Hurt got his insurance, but from tlnvt day to this ho has never built upon tho lot. Tho property is worth thousands of dollars. Tts value many times ovor lias boon paid in taxes, yet there it lays year after yeav, aiid tlui owner refuses to build on it himself or lease it to those who would. Somu say that at midnight, whou it is stormy, the ghosts of llio.w who perished in tho tlames can bo soun dancing among the ruins. This may bo so, but I. havo never suoit thorn. Tho rocent decision of tho Court of Ap peals in tho Western Union cases, allowing them to issuo a stock dividend which had been boforo declared unlawful, has created some consternation, for it now looks us if Gould had captured the courts as well us tho railroads and telegraphs. Tho weather fortunately is cool, almost wintry, so that, although our mad is up, wc do not actually explode. Business is boom ing, tho theatres are crammed nightly, and tho performances exceptionally good, stocks still uncertain, and likolv to continue so. Yours truly, Bhoapbkim. 