FURIOUS EIDDf G ON HENLEY BEACH. TO THE EDITOH. Sir — Having been induced to go down to Henley Beach on Good Friday with my wife and family to spend the day, in company with a friend of mine with his wife ana family, we went together bent on pleasure for the day. Whilst we were walking along the beach (between 1 and 2 o'clock p.m.), with the intention of going to the Grange, we were suddenly put in terror by some mad indi vidual approaching us most furiously on horseback, not minding which road the horse he was on might take its course. It was so unexpected that our little company, number iny eighty were so startled that we did not know which way to turn so as to escape being run over or knocked down by this frantic animal. 1 can assure you, Sir, it was a critical moment, and an occurrence which will never be forgotten by those who wit nessed such a diabolical and disgraceful galloping lis we were bound to see. My friend's wife fainted there and then, and con tinued in that state for a considerable time before she recovered from the fright, and it was not until she returned to the city that she felt anything like well after such an awful shock to hex Eystem, having been in 'a feeble state of health for some months past. My own wife and family luckily escaped without any injury, but were frightened to such an extent that they appeared like ghosts with such a bewildered look that made any one feel sad at heart. My -friend and I, with one of the little ones, made for the sea, and were in at least three feet deep for a few moments, the little girl narrowly escaping being drowned. I beg to surest that Com missioner Peterswald has at least one trooper to patrol tha beach on holiday occasions so that pedestrians may quietly walk along the beach without being in danger of their lives and mar the pleasure they are bent on. I do not wish to occupy too much of your valuable space, but do sincerely hope such dangerous lanatics.may be brought to iustice. I am, Sir, &c;, - T. S. : - 