BALMAIN REGATTA. Patron: His Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus, G.C.B. President : J. Cameron, Esq., Mayor of Balmain. Vice Presidents: W. A. Hutchinson, M.L.A., J. Garrard, M.L.A., Captain Broomfield. Pulling races Umpire, P. Curtiss; judge, G. Milham ; starter, A. Elkington. Sailing races: Umpire, Captain Broomfield ; assistant, R. Robinson; starters, G. C. Elliott, M. A. H. Fitzhardinge. Hon. treasurer, J. H. Storey j hon. sec. R.W. Thallon. Committee : Messrs. T. R. Alt, W. R. Ainsworth, F. Adams, W. T. Broomfield, W. M. Burns, S. Briggs, W. F. Buchanan, John Booth, F. Curtiss, J. G. Cohen, Dr. Carruthers, Messrs. W. J. Conder, C. G. Cameron, S. Dickson, G. C. Elliott, A. Elkington, Dr. Evans, Messrs. J.EUiott.M. A. H. Fitzhardinge, A. Frazer.8. ii. Hyam, W. Langly, G. Langly, A. Macguire, J. McDonald, sen., J. McDonald, jun., J. Waugh, J. Milne, G. Milham, Cap- tain Punch, Messrs, H. Perdriau, W. Parker, R.Robin- son, J. H. Reid, J. Reeder, E. Robinson, A. H. Sandford, D. Smith, S. C. Toogood, J. Taylor, H. Tidswell, Captain Trouton, H. Woolnough, W. Johnson. The Balmain Regatta. November 9, was one of the most successful aquatic gatherings that have yet been held in Port Jackson waters, for which the public have to thank those members of the committee who actually worked ; and the hon. secretary, Mr. Thallon, who was indefatigable in his endeavours to bring off the meeting with success. Through the courtesy of Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Co, and Captain Ghest, one of the finest vessels trading to this port, the R.M.S. Australia, was placed at the disposal of the committee as flagship, and during the day she was crowded with visitors, including a large number of ladies, who took a lively interest in the results of the various events. The band of the Balmain Çoldstreams was stationed on the bridge, and played a capital programme of music, whioh tended very considerably to enliven the scene. The Australia was gaily dressed with flags, and was the pink of cleanliness and good order from stem to stern, reflecting credit in the highest degree on Captain Ghest, Mr. Bannerman, his chief officer, and the officers and crew, who throughout the day were constant in their endeavours to make matters pleasant for their visitors. The waters of Iron Cove and Sugar Loaf Bay were covered with sailing craft of all sorts, from the tiny cockleshell to the larger yachts ; but the wind, a light north easterly, was scarcely sufficient to show them off to the best advantage. Captain Neitenstein had the Vernon handsomely dressed; and his youngsters were loud in their applause as the competitors in the different events passed the vessel. The shore from Long Nose to White Horse Point was crowded with spec- tators wherever a view could be obtained; and at Biloela a large number of visitors had gathered. Shortly aftor noon his Excellency the Governor, Lord Augustus Loftus, arrived on board, and was received by Captain Ghest, his Worship the Mayor of Balmain (Mr. Cameron), Messrs, Hutchinson and Garrard, M's.L.A., Captain Broomfield and several members of the committee. His Excellency, after a tour of the flagship, was conducted to the captain's cabin, where champagne was opened and the prizes were inspected. After some conversation his Excellency said that he could not take leave of the com- mittee without proposing "Success to the Balmain Re- gatta," and in doing so said that he was gratified to find that they had the same grand hospitable ship for flag vessel that they had last year. Ho was at all times glad to participate in the enjoyments of the citi- zens, more particularly at such a time when they were marking their loyalty towards the Queen and the heir to the Throne. He could assure them that he had it from the lips of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales that he was anxious to visit Australia, but was prevented by the almost impossi- bility of making such a prolonged absence from England. He still hoped, however, that H. R.H. would visit, them, and that the visit would be made during his own term of office, His Royal Highness took a deep interest in all matters re- lating to Australia, and he (tho Governor) was anxious that he should see what a magnificent country it really was, what its future was likely to be, and witness the industry and enterprise of its inhabitants. His Excellency then dwelt on the progress of the colony as instanced in the weekly communication now established by steamers, and reminded his hearers that he had on a previous occasion advocated a matrimonial union between the shores of the harbour. He was not altogether in favour of a high level bridge, but thought that a low-level swing bridge from Bal- main to Goat Island, thence to the nearest point of North Shore would be the means of great benefit to the city, and for a certain number of years, at least, it would suffice for their trade and commerce. He hoped, before his term of office was over, that it would be his duty to lay the first stone of such a bridge. The toast having been duly honoured, his Worship the Mayor of Balmain expressed the pleasure the committee felt at the visit of His Excellency, and he hoped that as it was not the first, that it would not be the last time his Excellency would be amongst the residents of Balmain. Hearty cheers were given for his Excellency and Lady Augustus Loftus, and the company separated. AT LUNCHEON. Which was laid out in the handsome saloon, and catered for by Compagnoni, his Worship the Mayor of Balmain (Mr. Cameron) presided at the committee table, and, after appe- tites had been satisfied, proposed the toasts of the "Queen" and " H.R. H. the fPrince of Wales," which were loyally honoured. He next proposed the " Parliament of New South Wales." In response, Mr. George Merriman, M.L..A., said that he hoped that the measure they had now before Parliament-the Land Bill-would be so passed as to settle all differences between free selectors and squatters, that it would be dealt with; without party consideration, and be made accept- able to the country generally. Mr. Garrard, M.L..A., also replied. Mr. W. A. Hutchinson, M.L.A., was also called on and expressed the great pride he felt in being connected with, the executive of such a capital regatta, and at witnessing so large an attendance. Mr. Buchanan proposed the health of the committee, and cordially thanked them on behalf of the public for the excellent programme they had provided. Mr. Thallon (hon. sec.), in reply, said that he was glad to find that their efforts had met with success, as that was all they needed to spur them on to future efforts to promote the advancement of Balmain. Captain Broomfield also expressed the gratification he felt in finding their efforts appreciated. The rowing races that day had been ably contested, and he was pleased to see their old champion once more a victor. Mr. Elkington, in proposing tho toast of " Captain Ghest and the officers of the Australia,"said that placing that fine vessel at their disposal especially helped to make a success of the occasion, and in wishing Captain Ghest all health and prosperity in his new command, he sincerely hoped that he and his officers would be long connected with the trade of the port of Sydney. Captain Ghest having replied on behalf of hmself and his owners and agents, the com- pany separated to witness the racing. OF THE RACING The greatest interest was shown in the bona fide amateur race in wager boats, for which it may be said that, with one exception, the best amateur scullers in Australia competed, the Viotorian competitor, Mr. Fittes, carrying off the laurels from some of our best men; while Mr. Sharland, of Tasmania, was placed third. Both men have wonderfully improved since their last visit to Sydney; and, judging from their rowing on this occasion, the race for the Krug Cup, November 17,should be a most exciting contest. The M.R.C. crew won the Maiden Fours in capital style, their boats being first and second. The All-comers was a great race between the erstwhile champion, E. Trickett, and W. Beach, the former winning pretty easily. The sailing races were devoid of much interest from the fact that there was not nearly sufficient wind to enable the boats to travel on. The following is the result of the different events : ROWING RACES. Bona-flde Amateurs, in wager boats. Course : From flagship round Schnapper Island, round Spectacle Island, and back by the south side of Cockatoo Island to flagship. Prize, trophy presented by W. A. Hutchinson, Esq. V.R.C..-Mr. A. W. Fittes (Victoria)., ," 1 Geelong-Mr. C. W. Gaden (S.R.C.) ... ,., ", 2 Vixen-Mr. A. J. Sharland (Tasmania)... ... ," 3 Mr. Fittes went away at a great pace,followed by Messrs Gaden and Trimble, Mr. Robertson being all astern. Rounding Spectacle Island, and on the return, Fittes still led considerably, and finally won by two lengths from Gaden, who was a length ahead of Sharland, Mr. Middloton, fourth. Maiden Fours, members of rowing clubs in string test gigs, bona-fide amateurs. Course : From flagship round two buoys moored off Iron Cove Bridge, and back to flag- ship. 1st prize, £12; 2nd prize, £4 M.R.C.-Messrs. M. J. Fitzgerald, R. N. Bull, G. Seale, S. H. Martin .,., l Amanda-Messrs. E. Grace, G. Warre, S. Taylor, R. Brindley ... ... ... ... ... ... 2 N.S.R.C.-Messrs. T. B. Trebeck, H. A. Bligh, J. T. Conolly, T. E. Creswell ... ... ". ,., 8 The two M.R.C. crews went away with a lead, followed by S.R.C.,the Balmain boat being astern. The North Shore crew made a great struggle with the Amanda, but without avail, the M.R.C. taking maters rather- easily. The M.R.C. eventually won easily. Mr. F. W. B. Love had to with- draw from the North Shore crew through indisposition, and Mr. Trebeck came forward and took his place at short notice. All Comers, In wager boats.-Course: From flagship round two buoys off Iron Cove Bridge, round flagship, round Schnapper Island, and back to flagship. 1st prize, £20 ; 2nd prize, £5. Thomas Spencer-E. Trickett .., ... ... 1 Demon-W. Beach ... . ... .. .. .. ... 2 E. Edwards, H. Pearce, and J. Clarke (Tasmania); were entered, but the latter did not start. Pearce went away at a great pace, followed by Trickett and Beach, the latter being right in the wash of Pearce and at considerable dis- advantage. Beach then altered his course, challenged Pearce, and passed him. Edwards did not appear to do well, and the race was virtually between Trickett and Beach. Rounding the flagship Trickett out-generalled Beach, gaining fully three lengths on him, and eventually Trickett won by a length and a half, Trickett was in much, better condition than Beach, and rowed in capital form. Junior Fours in clinker outriggers; bona fide amateurs, Courso : Same as No. 4. Prize, £12. M.R.C.-Messrs. M. J. Fitzgerald, R. N. Bull, G. Seale, S. H. Martin ... ... ... ... ... \ S.R.C.-Messrs. C. H. Donovan, T. A. Kemmis, J. M. Kemmis, F. W. Sharpe ... ... ... .... 2 The M.R.C. Club at once showed their superiority and shot to the front. The S.R.C. rowed pluckily to white Horse Point ; but after that the race was all over. The same M.R.C. crew also won the Maiden Fours ; and such a double win in one day is the first on record in the aquatic annals of Port Jackson, and shows the crew to have trained well for the events. Vernon Cutters.-Prize, £10, was an exciting race, and won in capital style by the Leather Jackets, a crew of 12 against four other crews from the same vessel. Man-of-wars' Race- 1st.-prize £8, Slid"prize £2. This was a great race between three cutters from H.M.S.-Espiegle and two from the Carracciolo, and resulted in No. 2 cutter Espiegle being first, No. 1 cutter Espiegle second, Maiden Double Soulls, bone-fide amateurs, members of rowing clubs, with coxswain-, Course : same as No. 16. First prize, £8 ; second prise, £2. Sea Breeze -Messrs. F. Bremer and J. D. Webster ... 1 Undaunted-'^Messrs. J. Trimble and G. Seale ... ... 2 B. R.C.- Messrs. C. J. Milham and B. Aitkenhead ... 3 This was a capital race throughout and won cleverly. All- Comers, in light skiffs, handicapped: Course : Same as No, 7, First prize, £20; second prize, £5. C. Messenger, 30lb ,.. ... ... , ... 1 H. Croad. feather. .'" ." 2 C. Reynolds, 10lb ... ... ., ,.; 3 Messenger soon gave evidence that he would be the winner, and Reynolds spoiled his chance by steering too wide of one of tho buoys. SAILING RACES. Dingies under Canvas, not exceeding 16ft in length, 5ft beam, and 20in deep ; sailed and manned by amateurs only. Course : From Sugar Works Bay round two buoys off the Iron Cove Bridge, round Goat Island, round two buoys off Iron Cove Bridge, and back to flagship. First prize, £10; second prize. £5 ; third prize, trophy presented by W.R. Ainsworth, Esq, Ouida, J. J. Richardson ... .., ,.. 1 Sophia, C. G. Cameron ". ," ", .., 2' Victor, J. M..Hyland. ... ... 3 The Ouida took the lead, followed by the Sophia ; and it was a close race to Iron Cove Bridge ; but the same order was maintained throughout the race, the Ouida increasing' her lead to the finish. Skiffs under canvas, not exceeding 19ft in length, 5ft beam, and 20in deep time allowance, 3min per foot.no boat to rank less than 17ft. Course, same as No. 1. First prize, £10 ; second prize, £4. Nereus-C. Benson ... ," ", "/ ,., 1 Pandora J.Elliott 2 Lucia - - A.S.Soutar 3 The race was a very slow one but well contested. Open Boats, under canvas, not exceeding 23ft, and not less than 2ft 6in deep. Handicapped. Crew limited to five amateurs. Course : From Sugar Works Bay, round Sch- napper Island, round Goat Island, round flagship, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, and back to flagship. First prize, £10 ; second prize, £4. Rosetta-H. T. Clark, scratch ,., M, . «i rn 1 Uranus-J. Dunning, 4min ," J» ' §1 ,«, 2 Willio-S. T. Ives, 10min _ ... ... ... ? ... 3 St.Crispin (2min), Regina (8min) Florrie (8min) also started. This race was also a slow one, and the Willie lost second place by time allowance in rounding the flagship. For all Coasters, not less than 25 tons and not exceeding 100 tons register. Course: From moorings off Cockatoo Island, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, round Pinchgut, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, and back to flagship. First prlze, £30 ; second prize, £10 ; third prize, £5, Ettie-Captain Kongior ... ". ... «. 1 Five other boats started. Yachts, handicapped, not exceeding 8 tons. Course: Flying start off Cockatoo Island, round R.S.Y.S. buoy off Manly, round flagship, round Shark Island, and back to flagship. First prize, £15 ; 2nd prize, £5. ^-. Australian, 6 tons-H. Stephens (scratch) _ ... 1 Doris, 6 tons-J. M. Curtis (5min) ... ... ... 2 Ione, 6 tons-P. O. Williams (scratch) - ... 3 The time of the rounding of each yacht was-Doris 4min 33sec, lone - 4min -36½sec, the Australian winning the race by33min, the whole course having takes her 6h 38m5s. Dingies not exceeding 14ft in length, under canvas canvas dingies excluded. To be manned and sailed by amateurs. Course, same as No. 1. First prize, £7 ; second prize, £3, Carrie- T. Halliday ... ... .« ». ». 1 Young Victor-W. Robinson ... ... ... -2 Vision-J. Drake ... ... ... ... ... 3 Carrie led all the way, and was cleverly handled in the light breeze. All Half-decked Boats, handicapped. Crew limited to six amateurs. Course: Same as No. 5. First prize, £12 ; fécond prize, £4. Eula, 24ft-C. H. Goddard, 8 min ". ... ." 1 Buttercup, 22ft-H. Carpenter, 9min ... ... ... 2 Thisbe, 25ft-J. J. Richardson, 5min ... ... ... 3 The Thisbe came in a long way ahead of the two winning posts, but was beaten on her time allowance, Eula, 6h. 37min 5sec; Buttercup, 6h. 39min 2sec;j Thisbe, 6h 36min 3seo. Open Boats, under canvas, not exceeding 24ft in length, and not less than 7ft beam, and 3ft deep. To be manned and sailed by amateurs Course : Same as No. 5. First prize, £12 ; second prize, £8. Victor, "W. Creagh ... ... <*. ... ... 1 Dreamland, E. M, Dietrich. ... ... ... 2 Lottie, S. McDonnell ... ... ... ... ... 3 The Adelphi also started, but lost so much time in getting away owing to the light winds, that she could never be made to overtake the others. Dingies, under canvas, not exceeding 16ft In length, 5ft beam, and 20in deep. Course : Same as No. 1. First prize. #10 10s, presented by the Balmain Ferry Company ; second prize;£3. sophia-G. C Cameron ... ... ." 1 Regina-J. T. Robinson ... ... ... 2 Dart-H. Mills ... «*. .3 The race was a close one throughout, and was contested for by four other boats. A protest by the Dart against the Regina for a foul will be considered in committee. Canvas Dingies under canvas, 14 ft and under : no boat to rank less than 12 ft ; time allowance, 3min per ft; to be manned and sailed by amateurs. Course : Some as No. 1. First prize, £5 « second prize, £1. Maggie - 14ft, T. Leach ... ," ... 1 Olivette- 14ft, H. Harding ~. ", ... ... 2 Grand Flaneur-14ft, M. Eichler ." ", ... 3 Maggie led from the start, and won easily. Tub Race, in fancy costumes, for those who have never won an advertised prize, course : Once round the flagship, first prize, £3 j second prize, £1, Bandy ... ... ... ," ," ," 1 Yates ... ... ... ." ... ... 3 Spencer ... ... ... ," ... ," 3 As is usually the case this race created much amusement. The races having concluded, the committee adjourned to the captain's cabin, where Captain Broomfield on behalf of the committee presented Captain Ghast with a handsome silver dessert service and a set of one glass decanters, in recognition of the courtesy displayed by him, his officers, and crew in placing the R.M.S.Avalanche at their service. Hearty cheers for Captain and Mrs.Ghast brought a very successful day's sport to a close ; and the officers and com- mittee are to be highly complimented and congratulated on the success of the Balmain Regatta of 1883, 