CHAPTEB IX. .DARKEST BEFORE DAWN. in trio excitement ana gratification of Miss Tulk’e success, I liad almost forgotten the' lockot, and the mysterious man of the race course, until! was reminded of it one day by Mrs. Moss who had como up to Bee her friend, Mrs. Birtles. -. It was a hot day in March, and •I was just putting on a dust coat preparatory to going out after breakfast, when the Jswess came in. “ I should like to have a few words with you before you go, if you please, Mr. Grant,” she said. " Certainly, Mrs;- Moss,” I replied, return ing to the dining-room. " You remember that locket'? ” ehe began. “ Yes." ( . “ Well, Ho'a been again.” “Again—whore?" “ To Manuel's. That's Josephson. This time it was a watoh, a gold repeater, a real Breguet, very old-fashioned, but oh I'suoh a beauty. Sot round with brilliants and a ooat of arm?;erigraved inside the ease. I couldn’t bring if with me, you know, because the gentleman might como in any moment to 're deem it. Not that’I think he will,-for his sort mostly don’t. There was a diamond hoop ring, too, and a bracelet, but they’ro not so valuable. He got twenty pounds on the “Are you sure it’s the same man?” I asked. “OhI trust Manuel for that. • He never forgets a face, if it was ever so.” Well, what, do you want'me to do?” I " Come round and see it. Perhaps you can make it out. I believe law gentlemen under stand coats of arms, and such like. I don’t, more don’t Manuel.” I promised, and oalied that very day. Mr. Josephson knew me through his Bister-in-law, and took mo into a back office. Unlocking a safe he took out the watch, which I saw at first. sight was a valuable, though an old fashioned one. Having some slight know ledge of the science of heraldry, I examined the arms engraved upon it. So far as I could make out; it was, technically speaking, as fol lows :—Gules, within a bordure, engrailed or, a lion rampant of the last. Crest, a lion pas sant or, sfpporters, two Talbot hounds proper, collared GuIob. Motto, “Humani nihil alcnium,” and surmounting the escut cheon was an Earl’s coronet. I took a note of this, thanked him, and left. I next proceeded to the Public Library, consulted "Burke," and there soon found what I wanted. " Yes, there it was all correot. The ar morial achievement of the noble house of Chetwynd-Talbot, the head of the Catholic houses of England, ub Earl Talbot unquestion ably is. Although I can hardly say I was surprised at this, I was undoubtedly some what staggered. What connection could poor MiBs Tulk havo with such a family ? And yet the portrait, the initials, the coronet on the locket, this strango’man, seeing whom I felt . convinced had boon the oause of her fright, and who had seen her, and found out her residence. But then again, if he had done so, months had gone by, and he had made no sign. What was this mystery ? I was deter mined to fathom it. But how ? What busi ness was it of mine ? What right had I to interfere ? Clearly none. If Miss Tulk h.ad a secret, and chose to keep it, it was worse than impertinence on my part to meddle. And yet with a lawyer’s instinctive wish to ferret out things, I longed to get to the bottom of it. Ah 1 the mystery was solved, and by me, too, sooner than I anticipated. Next morning as I was preparing to leavo the house, I was spoaking to Miss Tulk at the time, a knock came to the door. Miss Tulk started with a vague presentiment of evil. Joanna went to the door and entered tlio room, announcing, " a gentleman to see Miss Tulk. The visitor followed close at her heels, and closing the door as she left it, stood with hiB back to it, gassing at the poor lady- with infernal malice. " Ho, madam, I havo found you ? ” She was as white as a ghost, and staggered, supporting herself by the mantelpiece. "Do not leave me, Mr. Grant,” she gasped. " Mr. Grant, or whatever the devil his name is, will loave you pretty soon if he con sults his own interest. That is to say, if he don’t want to be chucked out of the window,11 he retorted, with a sneer. I eould have killed the man. I felt tliat. I was accounted one of the best amateur Wrest lers and boxers in Melbourne, and I had youth and stamina on my side. Ho had neither, for although he was tall, and had' once been muscular, I knew too much about training not to see that dissipation had rendered -him flabby, and comparatively weak’ and short winded. I therefore replied calmly, “ As for that, this lady has requested me to remain, and remain I shall. So far as throwing me out of the window goes, I should advise you not to try it." ' He moved a step forward, as if to put his threat into execution, but he stopped, measured me with lift eye, and thought bet ter of it. " We'll see about that later," he “Who is this insolent ruffian?" I asked, ignoring his remark. He laughed a low, fiendish laugh, and said, “ Ah I just so. Who is ho ? " This low, in solent ruffian is that woman’s husband. Let her deny it if sho can. And now, Bir, who are you who dares to stand between a husband and wife, and prevent their little endearments and ooimubialities.” This was spoken with suoh an intensity of malignity, that I almost shuddered. with horror.' "Is thin " trno/ madam?” I asked. “ Yes—no—no,” and the words came falter ingly—“it ia not true. ' That is, I married him, but—oh I I cannot tell—the shame of it would kill me.” “You lie, you hag,” he said brutally. “I do not lie—oh I Mr. Grant, 1 do not “Lie, or no lie, you foul-mouthed scoun drel,” I interrupted, “you’ll keep a civil tongue in your head to that lady in my pre sence, or I'll break every bone in your body. You threatenito throw me aut of the window. You can’t, and you know it. I threaten to kick you into the gutter. I can, and I will. So be careful.” ,, . "'Who are ypu’who'are'so scrupulous?” he.asked, with d sneer; “ who are you to in terfere between a woman and her loving lord and master?." " I’ll tell you if you want to know,” I re turned, “ I am connected with the law—the criminal law, if you know what that means. I am that much professionally. As a private individual I am man onough to protect, that lady, or any other woiftan I hope, from a My reference to the law was a bow drawn at a venturo, but I saw by the whitening of his lips that my arrow had pierced the joints of his harness. Ho laughed, but forcedly. “ Then if you arc a lawyer," he said, “ you know that you must, not meddle between husband and “ The lady. denied it, and I believe her,” I said, calmly. He beefirao doggedly furious. “ The lady— the Indy Will .say anything, curse her! ” ; "The lady-will speak the truth, I know that of her/.’ Ijrotorted. . ; ' • Ho eybd..lmh with-a curious scowl. " You know," he said, “ What do you know?—per haps she has tohf you. "No I No I ,„Np 1- 'On my bouI, Edward, I have never breathed a whisper of my shame to a living soul, I havo never mentioned your name nor your existence; As there is a God above, I have not.” ■ The poor woman cried. “ I have hidden myself and my. shame afid my grief iq poverty and obscurity, and Hoped I should,never see your face again,” and she burst intq a flood of tears. Come, this sympathetic business won’t go down with me, you know,” ho said i " it may '.go down with some people, but I know ybu,-.my Iady, artd you know me. Are you going to leave this ctafsed* hole and come with me," With your devoted Edward? ” and he ac chmhariied his Brutal sneer with a fiendish grin. v '“Oh no, no, nevor. Leave me in peace, on, for Oo'd’B Bake dC. I will give you all I have. AlTl It isn’t much, but you shall have all if you will but'leave me in peace.” "Yes,*' the wife'to live in_luxury while the husband starves,' '.Oh, I have heard of you. All about you. , The" talented authoress, whoso latest Sempositions have created such a furore ift 'musioaf /pircles. Well paid, too, I'm told/' That’s lil'iky, for I’m devilish hard up, just now-”'' . j;.,. ” And*wrould”you^ob MgjOf yuy very bread. Oh 1 Edward-'-you'would, not'do that, and after all Jihe ill you have wrought me ? ’’ “No,’’. he'replied, with a sardonic smile, ’’’ we'll share it tegether—love.” " Nevelg never," she oried, roused into fury by his last , taunt. “.Edward Curtis, if that bo yojjr. real name, for I know not even that, lister) to mo now* You have at.last driven me to bay! and I oara not if I proclaim my wrongs | even in the market place. I bated you, I feared you, now I despise you.” " Quite melo-dramatic, I declare. What a figure you will make on the stage, when I 'place yeu there, my dear Beatrix.” " Beatrix I ” I had stepped forward to smite the cowardly savage to the floor. That word, saved him. It was tho key note, the missing link. It flashed across my mind like a ray of light. The portrait, the initials, B.C.T. Beatrix Chewynd—Talbot. Great Heavens, what a revelation. Sho went on in the torrent o[ her passion. Tho fiery blood of the Lords of Alton had come to the front, and no mistake. "Look at that misorablo ruffian, that cowardly bully,” she said, “ ho married mo whon I was a girl, a young and innocent girl. Stole me from my father's house, and married me in Scotland, he did, Captain Edward Curtis. A fine oaptain, cashiered for- pecu lation, a rout, a gambler, nay, worse, a sharper. I married him, and killed my mother, and earned my father's curso. Oh, that I had torn off the oars that listened to his lying vows, had plucked out tho tongue that made tho fatal promise. Wo went to Baden, Hombourg, Eme, everywhere where there were pigeonB to be plucked. God help me,” and her voice died away in a piteous wail, “ I did not know it then. I was young and innocent. Ah me ! He robbed me of my last farthing. Theu lie stole, yes stole, my jewels, for I had jewels, plenty, and I took them with me when I eloped. And all thiB time he had another wife alive. I learnt it afterwards, after the poor creature was dead. I know it, but I could not prove it legally. He had married her in France under another name. When I charged him with it he laughed, and dared me to do my worst. Then he, oh Heaven, I cannot speak the disgraceful words—ho would havo sold mo to eternal Bliame, but I fled, fled in hunger and poverty witli my dying child, my little Beatrix on my breast. I wandered, I know not whither, for I was mad after my baby died. The light had gone out of my lifo for ever. Peoplo were >kind to the half demented woman, and I ear ned a subsistence by my musical talents. Once I met him in Munich. I asked him for charity for I was hungry, nnd ho spurnod me with a curse and a blow. Then I sought refuge in the river, but I was saved from that crime on tho brink, by an angel in woman form who sheltered me, and mnde mb up a little purse to take mo home. I wont penitent and broken hearted to my father’s bouse, but ho 'would not see me. lie sent mo money, some money, and bade me begone. I oamo to Australia to hide ihy shame and disgrace in another land and under another name. My history since that you know, Mr. Grant.” “Upon my word a,very pretty story, and very effeotively told, for the stage, only it lacks ono element, namely that of truth. This mad woman’s story is a tissue of lies from beginning to end " said Curtis coolly. “ One portion of it is true at all evonts,” I said, “that you took this poor lady’s jewels, and that you have pawned them, I know.” He looked at me ouriously. “ You know ? ” he asked. ", I looked him square in tho faoe, and said firmly " Yes, I know, John Johnson.” s" He started as if .he had been stung, and glared at me savagely, “ What the devil is the meaning of this jugglery he'cried. What do you know, ? Who are you ? ” i. Never mind that. Nover mind what I know. E-know you. . That’s enough. Now ■ do you know what ijoing shadowed by the “detectives means?” ■ " Ho gave a long disoonoerted whistle, and hjp.Jaw dropped perceptibly. " Then perhaps you'know—” t . ';. “I know-who tills lady is, and was, and what’s n)ore to the purpose I know who- and: whiit you are. Why man I saw you on the raoeoourse' on Cap, Day and who you were with, and what you wore up to. I saw you follow the oab to this very house. I saw you pledge a gold ropeater watoh, a bracelet and and a diamond ring in Bourke Street, the other day. There’s a locket too that I know all about. Tho arms on the watch and the coronet and initials on the locket are pretty straight' evidence that they're not your’s at-! ' •U.eventi.V-\ •. .. ■:/, "But they were my wife's,V he Said, turn- / , ‘ mg to a Biakly paleness. - ... " Bah h don’t be absurd. Do you imagine a - distinguished swell mobsman like you can travel ^ incognito. No, no more than "you ; i oould if you were a prince, or an earl. BeJ •; sides, we happen to have a few French deteo-. lives hero,'and thoy’re generally thought to be fairly fly.1 , This wa.^a pretty tall game of “ bluff " on my part, but every .shot told.\ His nether lip trembled,-and-he said in ,o low voice, ; “ What’s the lay “ That you’ll know soon enough if youdon’t clear out, and that, quiokly too. - Would you Iiko this pretty story to bo told.before a police magistrate?U'-', ' . i; / He absolutely trembled-with: terror. , 1 ' “ You’re a poor1 cowardly rascal after ail. Don’t be alarmed. rYoif’renot required just sit present; but if you are wo know well enough when and where to lay our hands on you. Now you can go; but mark me now, if you. . dare to annoy this lady again, by word, letter, or message*; you’re’booked sure, and you may guess what that. means. Now go. Stop though, hoiid me over those pawn tickets for tho property belonging to Lady Beatrice Chet wynd, Talbot.” ■ He was 'completely cowed, und handed them over with .trembling hands, and with out a word. ... : During this,, unexpected denouement, Miss Tuht, as I still!call..hcr, stood,gazing and lis tening liko one in a dream. The .tables were bo completely Turned oh her persecutor that ■ho seemed asifAlip could neither understand! ■ nor believe whiitlwas occurring. ; > ■ when, idle' man (die jnul..once loved turned to slouchiawityV-ali the pity o"f a i/reaf y woman’s heart-burst lorth in! its itendei ne is.' " Oh,-^dwaijfl,:tJiofcit should come to this ,to. this, at.'Just.; . An outcast and a vagabond p.n tho face-of* the earth. See, here is money. Twenty pounds: ’ It will keep yoft from star- ' ving and from temptation. Tako it in * Heaven's name, and reform. See here, too •' •'. iB a lock of baby’s hair cut from, her head:'-as; she lay in her little coilin in far off jormahy.' '• When you are tempted to evil, look at it and prayfor help. And now go your way, and. . may^God, in hisiintinite mercy forgive—you.—v Ha slouched out without a, word, cven./as " sho spoke, .and with true womanly consistency she seized my hand, kissed it gratefully, and'; .>■ then fell in a dead.faint on the floor. ' l’envoi. Three yeafs later, and we nil—exccpthpdor Frank Yardloy—are again ntdFlemington to V see the Oup Baca of 1882. It is certainly a- i change for the worse/so far-as weather is. concerned, for although it was bad enough • for dust then, we have had the dust fiend rampant all morning',, and a downpour of soaking rain all afternoon. Not that we mind it muoh, far we/are well under cover. But there are other-changes as we hope and think for tho bettor, for which 'Mother Bristles has in a great measure to account. From the Chateau de Birtles, Bob Brown has led Cassandra Drummond, no unwilling vio tim to the altar of Hymen; and, not to be out done, George Saville has performed tho same feat with Anna Gadd. Mrs. Birtles is as cherry-lippcd and roBy cheeked as ever, and Mrs. Moss wears the same fearfully ■' and wonderfully colored dresses as of yore. i Miss Tulk—we always" call her Miss Tulk —who, although she has risen to fame and consequent wealth, sticks to the old home, and is likely to do bo until she leaves it for a permanent one. Sho is happy and content In the love of her old friends, although the shadow of her great griel can never be totally . effaced. Joanna is, it is mysteriously reported, keeping company, " which, if you please, he's . a baker, and quite respectable." The baby, always the baby, has grown to the dignity of short dresses—not frocks mind —and pantalettes, and is dignified accord Thero are some new faces in the house, but old Skerry philosophises as usual in the corner, and takes the head of tho table vice tho “Father of tho Chapel,” retired. I am there too and am yet looked upon as a rising leading luminary—still rising, you will observe. Tom Drummond 'is stationed in a bank in IVilliamstown, but calls and sees us now and Dr. Brightstone, I beg his pardon, the Hon., Dr. Brightstone, ior he hus attained that honorable and well-deserved position, is as cheery apd perhaps a little stouter than he used to be, and still holds his annual levee on Cup day. And Birtles, did he ever turn up ? I don’t think so. But,I do know that about'eighteen mouths ago Mrs. B. went up the country suddenly for nuouc a fortnight, taxing tho baby with her, and returned with very rod eyes, aud deep meurning. Perhaps that had something to do with the errant one. Edward Curtis hu3 faded from sight, almost from memory. Wuetuer he reformed or.not no one knows. Let us ouly trust that thd little-Cfti-i might have tne effect on that bad man prayed ior by -Ilia donor, and that - in tile Master’s good time, even the blaokness of his sins may be turued,iuto the pure whito of tho perfeot day. THE END. I - ' 1 