NEWS OF THE DAY, According to our cablo messages this morn ing' Patrick Dclancy, who was convicted of murder at Dublin, and who waa sentenced to death, has beon reprieved. The number, of pauper immigrants who aro continually arriving at Boston has occasioned con siderable uneasiness in the .State of Massa- chusselts, and the Governor has' communi cated with Presidont Arthur, urging him to tako stops to prevent indiscriminate im migration. The further providing for the despatch of habitual criminals from France to Noumea, was rend afirst time in the French Chamber of Deputies, 011 Tuesday nigbt. Great indiguation has been caused amongst the Dutch residents andthenativesof tlieCongo by tho arrival1 of a detachment of French troops in that place, the object of tho expedi tion being tho protection of M. do ' Brazza from native hostilities. In our first leading article of yesterday's issne, commenting on tlio extraordinary finan cial transactions which havo taken place be tween Mr. Herman and Mr. Petty, an insol vent, as disclosed in the rocent examinations at the Insolvency Court, we inadvertently affixed tho pranomon of Abraham to that of Herman, in mistake for the person who was the subject of the article. It appears there is a gentleman residing in Melbourne named Abraham Herman, to whom we owe an apology for any injury we may have accidentally done to his feelings. The Intercolonial Postal Conference in Sydney hold a sitting yesterday, at which Mr. Berry submitted his proposal. Mr. Stuart, of New South Wales, exprcssod Ills agree ment with several of tho suggestions made on behalf of Victoria, and a motiou was draltod embodying many uf the principles brought forward by Mr. Berry. This motion will bo discussed and probably settled at the meeting to-day. The attention of the conference was called to tho loose way in which the services of the Cable Company were being carried out, and after soine discussion it was determined to ask tho company when thoy would boina position to proporly cany out the terms of thoir agree, ment. At tho meeting to-day a proposal for a reduction in tho rates of press messages by- cable will also bo discussed. The 1 Sydney Morning Herald is strongly averse to New South 'Wales entering the Postal Union on the terms proposed by Mr. Berry. It writes " Mr. Berry must know that Victoria would not bo called upon to pay contributions to the other colonics on the basis on which lie asks them to contribute to Victoria. Tho Victorian contract has five or six years to run. Our now San Francisco con tract ia for two years at most — the probability is that it will not last mors tlion one yeitr. But wo havo no such reasons "for going to Victoria that Victoria ha3 for coming to us. She appoals to the colonics on the ground of tho loss on her ser vice ; but we anticipate no loss. Tho amount lor which wo bind ourselves under tho now contract is only .CIS, 000. From this £4000, tho amount received from America, has to bo deducted, leaving only£14,000. Last year tlio postage on our American letters alone amounted to £6000. Our total postal revenue from the San l''ranciscolinelastyoarwas£22, 900 and should it ho no more than tliat next year the colony while disbursing but£14,000 would be receiving nearly £23,000. Even at the re duced union rates the Ban Francisco lino would leavo a profit, l't. will bo seen, therefore, that, so far as wo ! are concerned, such an arrangement as the one Mr. Berry proposes would be quite a one-sided aihtir. For tho contributions we should, bo called upon to pay Victoria wo should get from that colony no equivalent." Two men named Roborta and Stewart were tried in the Criminal Court at Sydney yester day for unlawfully wounding a race horse. Stewart pleaded guilty, and gave evidence against tlio other prisoner. It ap pears tb3t Roberts was at one time the owner of tlie racehorse Terminus, Which was subsequently purchased by,'Mr. Dillon nt auction after it had' won a tolling Stakes race. Dillon and tho prisoner, who wore near neigh bors, were never on friendly terms after tho purchase of tho horse, and on one or two occa sions they openly quarrollod. Stewart stated that Roberts had ' given hhn £10 to cut the ' throat of Dillon's horse, arid this task Stewart' fulfilled with the as sistance of Roberts. The jury found Roberts guilty, and he was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment, Stewart being sent to gaol, for ' two yearB. and a half. The .sentence passed by the judge might . be acted upon with ad vantage by many of our Victorian magistrates, who are tho prone to regard offences against animals as being sins of a venial character. The steamship Orient, of the Orient lino, took her departure for London, rid Adelaide and tho Suez Canal, yesterday, at a quarter past twelve o'clock. Throughout the forcuoon her decks Were ' crowded, a largo number of visitors being on board. Conspicuous amntisst them were visitors from Willinros. town, not" less tlian .70 or SO having assembled to wish bon voyage to Mr. A. T. Clark, the member for; the district. Sir Arthur hnd Miss Kennedy, alsd passengers, wero conveyed on board by the steam tug Sophia. Altogether, the Orient takes about 850 passengers and a very large cargo, in cluded in the latter being 2615 frozen carcases of mutton, and gold and specie to the value of £158,000. She also takes a mail consisting of 74 bags. A supplement to .tlie Government Gazette, issued last night, proclaims Thursday and Fri day next public half holidays at Portland. An Order-in-Council directs that tile name of James Collins, which was accidentally omitiod from the Long Gully Division Of tile Electoral District of Sandhurst, shall be added to the roll, . ' : . A correspondent requests us to romiiid elec tors who are. not on. the. ratepayers roll for the Southern Province, but who are still quali fied to vote in It,, that this is the .last mofith for taking out electors', rights for, the supple mentary roll. The Central Board of Health has received reports notifying 'that typhoid fever. is preva- lent in 11 3 districts throughout the colony. The most serious outbreak has occurred .at Chines, iu which between 90 and 100 cases have occurred during tlio last few weeks. The loeil licallli aifthoritios at Citifies have been communicated, with On the subject, and tliey report that tlio disease h.13 made its ap pearance in a mild form, only one fatal case Slaving occurred. The opinion is alee enter tained that the health of the district will be greatly improved by the recent rain, which is expected to have ; washed r.way all offen sive accumulations. A well attended meeting of police constables was held at the Russell-street barracks yes terday :.ft e: noun, to consider the proposed re duction in tlie piiy.of the junior members of the force. After considerable discussion amotion was unanimously adopted to the ciToct that the Government should be memorialised to main- lain the rjto of pay which has hitherto ex isted. It was mentioned liy several speakers that tlie police of Victoria are worse paid than tin; men in the police force in the other colonics. The meeting was a thoroughly Unanimous one, and the variuus-speuktrs preserved . a temper ate tone throughout their remarks. Imme diately alter |hqteetinge committee me\to I draw np tho petition agreed upon, and this will j be presented A3 soon as a day has been named by thh.Chief Secretary. Tlie Tariff Commission sat yesterday at the Custom House, but very few commissioners were present.' After waiting for rather longer than the usual time for a quorum to assemble a commencement was zqait r" M.L.A., taking tlio chair. The witnesses wero representative men, connected witli tlio fruit growing and cheese, butter, ham and bacon producing industries, tlio . bulk of the evidence being in favor of the pre sent duties on produce of these kinds being retained. Mr. F. B. C'lnpp, the' managing director to the Melbourne Omnibus Company, gave evidcnco regarding the . operation, as it affected the consumers, of the duties on maize, oats and barley, and advocated a reduction of the tax, though he admitted that it benefited the farmers in a season of scarcity. The com mission w.ill sit ngain this afternoon, when a number of witnesses connected with the wholesale grocery trade will bo examined. Tlie Commission will leuvo Melbourne for Lancefield by tho quarter past seven train to morrow evening, and will sit in the Mechanics' Institute at that town on Saturday, for the purpose of hearing the evidence of farmers and others interested ill thp continnanco of the existing duties on grain, Ac. This will be tho last sitting of tlie commission held ont of Melbourne, and a good attendance is antici pated, both of commissioners and witnesses. Tho Sunday Society are extremely activo. Petitions in favor of the opening of the Public Library aro now placed for signature at the intersections of Bourkc and Russell streets, at tho Hobson's Bay and Spencer-street railway stations, at tliu Opera House, nt tlio chief electric telegraph office and at other places in the city. Petitions are also being circulated in the largo factories, warehouses, timber yards, railway workshops and other busiucss establishments. Already abo.ut 8000 persons havo subscribed their names, and it is expected that many thousands more will be added. Ou Saturday petitions will be placed on tho Mel bourne football ground, and on Sunday at the entrance to'thc Public Library, Snndridge Pier and other places. A full meeting of ho mem bers nfid those who' wisli to join will shortly be held to tako steps to thoroughly organise the Bociety, and afterwards monster public meetings will bo held in tho Buburhs, after which a cauvnss will bo inado. Ladies and gentlemen who wish to enrol their names, in tlie members' book at onco, and are disposed to angfiient the fnnds of the Sunday Society, can do so by calling on or communicating with Mr. AY. Smitbcrs Gadd, tho lioo. secretary and treaEnrcr, at 41 Collins-street wo:.'.. The Sun day Obscrvanco League have also distributed petitions, Sunday-school children of all ages being allowed to sign. At tho quarterly meeting of the City Coun cil yesterday a petition from a number of resi dents of Little Collins-street was presented, praying for speedy action in rcspoct of clean ing tlie gutters and removing the disgusting stcncli which at present exists, Cr. Smith, who presented tho petition, also exhibited a boltlo of liquid taken out of tho gutter on tlie 3rd iust. It was of a dark brown color, and was evidently composed of blood and offal, tho refuse of tripe preparing and other butchers' stuff allowed to run off from tlie butchers' stalls in the Eastern Market. An order of tlie day was on the notice paper with reference to tho butchers' preparations within tho bounds of tlio C'ity, ami it was resolved to put it into force immediately. An illuminated address was presonted to Alderman Ham at tho quarterly meeting of the City Couneil yesterday, in recognition of the valuable iiervico rondercd by him during Ill's term of office! aH Mayor. A proposal to license coffee stalls was 011 tlio notice paper, but, after considerable discussion, it was resolved to iiistrucL the legislative I committee to confer with the Mayor on the subject. It appeared that coffco stalls wero originally intended to be kept by cripples and by infirm and indigent persons, but instead of people of this class having any connection with tlieui, tho stalls were said to be held by ablo bodied mon, who were in very well-to-do circumstances. It was mentioned in tho dis cussion that a sum of £300 had been paid a stallholder in SwansLon-strcet for a trans fer. Tho two Baldwin engines brought out by the ship Coriolauus, which nrrived in Hobson's Bay on Tuesday evening from Boston, United States, are tho first instalment of a consignment of ten ordered by tlie Vic torian Railway department last year. The contract with tho Baldwin Company was conducted entirely by correspondence, and is known as a correspondence contract, but it will be as binding as any other. The arrangements niacin were that ten engines should bo constructed at a coBt of £81,500, and that they should be shipped from Boston in February last. Tho contractors ap pear to have carried out their undertaking, for information has been received that, the remain ing eight engines are ou shipboard and alloat. These engines aro six-wheeled coupled goods engines, with. hogio tenders in front, with 16- inch cylinder and a 2 feet stroko. Thoy havo tenders attached, whieh alto have bogie wheels. They aro specially constructed for tlio carriage of heavy goods. Messrs. Brooks and Korr, .paper manufac turers, had a consultation with Mr. A. W. Musgrovu, chief clerk in tlie Customs depart ment, yesterday in reference to a common class of paper which isiised for placing under carpels. Tho firm urged that a duty should bo placed on thisTirticle as it was being manu factured in tlio colony. Sir. Mnsgrovo in formed the firm that tlie duty was charged already, and that hi all cases it was collected. Tho following is a return of the traffic on tho Victorian railways for tho woek ending 3rd May : — Miles open, 1870; passengers, parcels, horses, carriages, dogs and mails,- £19,122 19s. Id.; merchandise, minerals and cattle, £19,850 Cs. lid.; total receipts for the week, £38,473 Cs. ; aggregate to dato from 1st July, £1,585,909 Is. 3d.; weekly average for 41 weeks, £30,018 7s. 103. Corresponding week in 1882 : — Miles open, 1292 ; passengers, parcels, horses, carriages, dogs and mails, £10,653 7s. 2d.; merchandiso, minerals mid cattle, £15,100 4s. 6d.; total reciipta for the week, £31,753 lis. 7d.; aggregate to dato from 1st July, £1,461,682 13s. 4d.; weekly average for 44 weeks, £33,220 Is. 3d. 1 ,. The first quarterly meeting of tho Melbouruo Caledonian Bociety was held last night, in tlie new Ooffoo Tavern, Boinke-atreet ; Sir. James Munro in tho chair. About 50 members wero iprosent, and u number of new names wero added to tho roll during tho evening. The meeting was chieHy conversational, tho princi pal subjects discussed being tho holding of annual sports, wid the formation of a Highland Volunteer Regiment. It was decided to offer a complimentary ball to .the Kennedy family during their stay in Melbourne. A committee was appointed, with power to add to their number, to make tlio necessary arrangements. The evening was enlivened with a selection of Scottish songs and pipe :inusic. Tho Chief Commissioner of I'olioo ordered iii nuiiiiui/tjn b\j uu tautu catctuity 4i££uillav Charles Jhmes Gordon, a police officer, who was re'eontly suspended from tlio force, chargiug him with obtaining admission to the force by means of false representations. It ajipears that tho defendant was dismissed from tlio' Porriinnent Artillery Corps in 1S78, and when' making application recently to become a member of tlie force be declared that lie had never before besn in tlie civil Bervice, or under the Government in any capacity. Tlio case will come on for hearing on Friday next in the Citv Court. Messrs. Thomas Webb and Sons, of 41 Little Collins-street east, hare just received frpm their head quarters, Stourbridge, Worces tershire, England, a number of vases which, it is staled, aro produced on the same principle . as the celebrated Portland vase in tho British Museum, and the production of which has been considered a lost secret. Tho firm claims (hat one of their employes lias discovered the secret, and they' state that lie is now engaged in work ing upon a vase larger than tho Portland vase, which will'cost £3000 in its production. The mauner in which tlio work is done ia thus de scribed The colored body of tho glass is covered with a coating of glass of another ' color. The body is. then sculptured by the aid of revolving wheels and engraver's tools, leaving tlie figures of tlie Recond color in relief on tho body of tlio glass." The hearing of the, suit of Weils v. Barrio and .another, .which' was bropght by Mrs. Wells to bavc accounts furnished by the de fendants inrcla'ion to a house and land 'loft to her by a person with whom she had lived, subject to a mortgage held by tlicm, was con cluded yesterdny in the Equity Court before Mr. Justice Moiesworth. Tho house having beem burnt tlie defendants hail settled with tiie insurance company, and claimed out of .tlid proceeds, not only to wipe put tho mort gage, but pay themselves for goods supplied to the deceased.- The latter, tho plaintiff con- tended, they wore not entitled to do. Judg ment was reserved. , Tho Equity Court was ongagod during a great part of its silting yesterday in hearing the case of Die Young Band Extended Gold Mining Company v. the Band of Hope and Albion Consols Company.' The Young Band '-Extended sought an injunction against the'de- fendanlcpiiiiniiy fur trespassing 011 leases 1341 and 1310, Bailnrat, and to have an account taken the ild removed. " The defendant company alleged that the drive, which is tbo subject of complaint, was put in altogether at the request nf the plaintiff company, in order to enable tlio latter to vcntiialo its mine, nnd it was urged that it had not.oneroached on 1310 lease ; asm all quantity of stuff which had got down into its drivo having fallen owing to the work of tlio Young Band Company. Tho court made a decree granting the injunction, ordering an account to bo rendered of the gold taken by tho do- fendant, distinguishing the amount taken from the respective leases, and also of the costs in- . currcd in procuring the information, and re serving farther direction as to costs. Mr. a'Beckett, with Mr. Higgius, appeared for the plaintiff ; and Mr. Webb, Q.C., .with Mr. Goldsmith, for the defendant. Mr. Finlayson was retained on behalf of Mr. K. M. Serjeant, who was made a defendant. A special meeting of the King of tho Forest Court, A.O.F., was hold at tlio South Park Hotel, Emerald-hill, on Tuesday evening, when tho proposal to hold a grand ball and social evening entertainment, in the Exhibition Building, ou tho Queen's Birthday, was dis cussed. The district chief rauger, Bro. Rogers, presided, and there was a good attendance of tho brethren. The proposal met with very general support, it was decided that a coin, miltco which liad already been formed should ho enlarged. Tho demonstration is to he on tlie linen of the great Crystal I'aln'co Annual 1'7-tn in connection with the order, which yearly attracts thousands of visitors. Tlio receipts will lie ilovoted to the district benevolent fund. Tho prices of tickctB iiave been fixed at popular rates, and a great success is anticipated. Massoy, who was arrested in Melbourno some time ligo, on a charge of stealing a mm- bor of Duuedin debentures, was subsequently found guilty of tlio oifonco at InvercargiU. The judge, in passing sentence, said that there was no palliation for such a shameful breach of trust. More than that, ho nsod his wife as the instrument of crime, nnd on-' deavorcd to degrodo her to the same moral level as himsolf. Tho punish ment provided in such cases was almost inadequate to tlio' offence. .The minimum peualty was three years' servitude, and that was tlio penalty liowoiild impose on Massey. On the application of, Mr. Stout tho prisoner was condemned to pay all costs of the prose cution, and an order was mado for tlie for feiture of all moneys in his possession when arrested, to go towards payment of costs. Mr. Stout said that tho money on accused consis ted of a draft for £200, nnd some small sums. Mr. Slnot intimated that he wontd enter a nolle prosequi in the other indictments. Mrs. Massey, who refused to lcavp tho dock whilo hor husband was being sentenced, was then discharged. . Bishop Sclwyn, tlio Bishop of Melanesia, who arrived in this colony on Monday last, preached last evening nt Holy Trinity Chnrch, Kcw, in aid of tho mission over whieh he pre sides. There was not a very nnnierous con gregation, Tlio Rev, H. Kelly and tlio Lev. II. E. Taylor assisted in tlio service. The' Bishop took his toxt from the 1st chapter of the Acts of tho Apostles, 8th verse : " But ye shall receivo power after that tlie Holy Ghost lias cr.mo upon yon, and yo shnli be witnesses of mc both in Jernsaiom of Judex, and in Samaria and into tlio uttermost part of the earth." Tho movement wliioli was begun at Jerusalem had, the preachor said, gono on tlirough eighteen centuries. It was still going on, and, the gos pel was lioing received in tlio uttermost parts of tho earth. Speaking of tho people of the Islands, lie remarked that some people said thoy worn savages, hilt lie doubted that very much, having lead of crimes here and in Eng land which wero of such enormity that thoy were quite unknown there. A sad feature of their state was that wliilo acknow ledging a God, they only feared Kim. Miioii, however, was being done in tho. islands, and to show that the truth was still a power in tho world, those who came under thu infiuoncmof tho mission, plodded for years in gaining an education, and then slaved on to mako an unwilling people acquainted with what llicy had tliomselves found. Tho Angli can Church had now 70 native tcachcre, 7 whito clergymen and 8 native ministers, but a mucll greater effort lyas required; aiid, as lie bad been informed from England that more dependence must be placed ou these colonies for assistance, lie was now telling what work had been done instead of being engaged in his seo. Tho memorial chapel, whieh liad been raised nt great cost to mark the dentil of Bishop Paltison, had proved a powerful teacher to the natives, who now raised of themselves tho best houses in tho islands for . the worship of God.- A collection was made at tlie closo of tiio sermon in aid of the imsMOii. The first of a series of four debates between Professor Gilbert, who is described as a physi ognomist, and Mr. Thomas Walkor, tlio presi dent of the Australasian tiecular Association, look place last night at the Temperance Hall, when tho former gentleman affirmed tho pro position "ThatthoexisteneoofGo'dis provable." He stated as beliefs necessary to his argument tlio existence and indestructibility of matter, the existence and persistence of force, the ex istence and indestructibility of mind, and lastly, the existence and infinity of God. Ho nrguoil that man possessed the faculty of worship, and that tlie existence of a relation between tho faculty nnd an object jiroved that the latter existed. Mr. Walker, who denied tlie proposition, said that matter and force accounted for the existence of all pheno mena ; and when anything occurred in nature which we could not comprehend, we had no evidence to justify our ascribing it to the action of a God. He asserted thnt man's sense of responsibility came purely from experience add education. Whatever man did was either tho result of his organism or of surrounding cir cumstances. Regarding man's faculty to worship, lie pointed out that in liygono ages mon bad worshipped gods of all sorts, and suggested that tlio faculty might ho now, as it was then, at fault. During the debate each speaker was limited to half an hour at first, and afterwards to a quarter of an hour. Thcfi o was a tolerably numerous attendance. The applause, which was frequent, was bestowed with tho utmost impartiality. Tho chair was occupied by Sir. Montague Miller. Tlie fifth of tho classical concerts which Mr. Guen'ott is giving weekly in tho Athenaeum upper ball, took placo yesterday afternoon wjtli tho samo gratifying results that havo at tended Die previous ones, Tho attendance was large, and the solo performances of Madame Tasca (pianoforte) and Mr. Fischer (vocal), wero much admired, together with tho selections of charahor music, which latter always forms a standing, and very enjoyable feature of these entertainments. " . Tlio lecture on Faces and Noses by Dr. Simms, at tho Athenisum Inst evening, drew a largo andienco. A large nose, Dr. Simms said, if in good health, implied a tendency to go ahead with energy nnd to walk rapidly ; Dr. Samuel Johnson had a largo noae, and he wrote that it did him good to go ahead. A man with a small nose did not stride nlong the street with a large nose. Persons with long noses were cautious and active, like the greyhound ; while tlioso with short ones wero apt to blunder and get into trouble. They would, however, fight their way through like the short nosed bulldog. Wherever a variation of color was found in the samo family there was great capability of progress. Animals which varied in color ware naturally easily domesticated. , Universality of color, as in the hear, zobra, tiger and leopard, donoted non-progressive natures. The darker racu3 wero coarser than the light. Of oak timbor tho blaok was coarost, tlie rod was belter, the yellow was still better, hut the white oak was the firmest, the finest grained and tho most dnrable of all the oak kind. Tlio most valuable rock was the diamond, and it was the lightest colored of all rock material. The aubjeot for this evening are The Forms and Features of Mankind. 