PUBLISHED EVERY. TUESDAY AND __FRIPAY,JMAX18tm 1883x_ "To'be; orq ot to be: that is the Question." THE eyes of all Europe- we might say all the world-- are at the present moment turned towards Russia, owing to the.nearapproach of the coronation ceremony of the CzAR, ALEXANDER IIIm and'thel?dangers connected therewith. Although over two years have ?inter vened" since the.. assassination f his father, the CZia-lis still' uncrowned owing to fear. The'activity of Niihilism' has caused repeated:: postponements of thelevent, but it"now appears that the authorities jhave rie~sbl:ed to brave all d~nger, an a're defer'mined that the im portant ceremony shall definitely take, place on the .27th ;of :.thle,.present month. Of course there is considerable' speculation as to ,what is likely to happen on the occasioni, owing to the many'-threats -of the Nihilists to at tempt something" desperate' during the celebrationiwith the view of preventing the consummation of.the coronation, and: as a :protest againstfdespotism and mis government . They, have ieyen gone so far as to issue aa announcement that they have made all'arrangeiments for'an attempt on the EPeazaoa's; life on the occasion of his approaching coronation at Moscow, and they warn all persons whao intend being present at the cere many to avoid being near the person of the ..EaIPoi:r SueL an instance of audacious :boldness. on the part of the :villahis who are thirtaing for his blood must be awfully, uncomfortable to the-: zB,. and cause .him to antici pates the 27th inst.' .itli no small amount of trepidation. - It certainly promises to be a' "red" letter day in "his'experience.with a vengeance. There 's lnot'a more miserable man in the world we imagine, than the Czk,' for .ho:hiiii"been in constant: fear-ot murder foLthre past two years.. The mangled remiai?s of his murdered father had :scarcely been conveyed to their last resting place, ere the CZAR was informed by' the confederates of the regicides, thit: historical justice existed for him as well as for others," if he followed ih the footsteps of his predecessors, and he very quickly had unmistakable evidence that' there was no idle threat contained in these words. Immediately attempts were made upon his life, and he was compelled to take refuge in his castle at Gatchina, where every pre caution against assassination was taken. Not liking to follow the practice of his father, who-allowed an armed soldier to keep watch in the royal bed chamber, he provided for a strong guard of trusty veterans to do duty in an anteroomn;, and whenever he retired to his chamber for.the night he withdrew theodoor handlso that no one could enter freom the.::outside. Be .resthiiaied:., a.I' cla prisoner for a very long time, only venturing out on the anniversary of his father's death, when he visited the grave, attended by a irong body guard, but notwithlitainding this protection his sense of insecurity was so distressing, it is said, that he was the prey of all sorts of fears until he was safe back in his castle. But stone walls will not shut out gloomy refl ections, and we have. little doubt that if his thoughts during his tedforcd idcdreeration' had found expression in words, they would have b?een very 'imilar to the desponding language of R?niAnD II. who is repre sented by SHkESPdRE as iraying :- \- Of comfort noma speak: Let's tailk of graes, of worms and pitnphs ; Make dust our paper and with rainy eyes Write sorrow on the bosom of the earth. Let's choose executors and talk of wills And yet neot so, for what can we bequeath e or deposed'bodies toathe fround ? For God's sake, let us sit upon the ground And tollU d stories of the death of kings: Hnow some are been deposed: some slain in war; Same heanted by the ghosts they have deposed Seme poison'd by their wives: some sleepingkil d All murder'd : for within the hollow crown That rounds the mortal temples ot a king Keeps Death his court end there the antic sis, -Seong his state and grinning at his pomp, Aliowing him a breath, a little scene, To monnrchize, be ifer'dand kill with looks, Infusing him with self and vain conceit, As if this flesh which walls about our life Were brass impregnable, and humour'd thus Come at the lst and with?a little pin -. Bores through his castle wall, and farewell kisg! Corer your beads and mock oet flesh and blood With solemn reerence : throw away respect, Tradition, form and ceremonious duty, yor ayo hare but mistook me all this while .u live with bread like you, feel want, Taste gref, need friendat subjected thus, How can ygo saytme, Iam ino ? I We suppose, however, that familiarity with danger at last bred contempt, for it is now' some time since he left his: retreat, and, as we before said, it 'i finally" arranged that his coronation shall take place, or at any rate Ie atterp'ted, od the 27tod of'this month. It is rea!ly astonishing that the Czar, in, view- of all :theb, dangers :attending such a "policy ;slaould.' shave resolved to ignore the signs. of the times and continue in the steps of his ancestors. On his accession to power- it was generally expected that he was going to iiaingurate- a' progreasive a"nd: libetial government and,, certainly, it was a moest figorable opporLunity- to pacify the disaffected '_and consolidate his dis united and unhappy subjects, without any apparent sacrifice of principle: But it was not to be. Infatuated with an xaggereated otimat .bf the' valie of an autecratic government, he soon pushed from him all. advisers of liberal ard ,ppular tendencies,.:and: placed himself passively in the, .hands of the old conservative party.. No doubt he.has countted th. cosit and is. prepeedto abide thle.consequences.~ It is .certainly very bold conduct,.on his part, but it astikes. us that it is the boldness of miadnes. ' Intall iprobabhiliy, the step means death, and .we shall not. be sur prised? if "i a few days the news is flashed to our hiores-'of the assassinl tion of bAleoander IIo the, Czar of Russia. The Fleet-stree philosopher is credited, with -the saying that" no aoveriment' power can be abu'sed long. PMankind- will cnot bar . it. If a sovereign oppresses his people toa great `degree?they will rise and cnt:'off -iit head." Whether :this ; dictum will receive an illustration shortly min the experience of::the Czar. waits to be seen, but certainly the-probabilities are in its favor, and the important event of his coronation; "owing to the threats ;iade-if-6iow-"him :,up, i'is attracting unusual attention:-VWe should not care about ,being. present at ;:the iposintg ceremony, notwithstanding i the ratifi-, ation - ,.hat would be afforded toour: rub shoulders with so many great ones .ofthe earth as n6doubt will boe present. of being- .blown,. into: the sar and shattered into a thousand pieces peos sesses - considerable -drawbacks, even with the advantage of having the com pany under such- circumstances of the very am'tof o 'oyalt.. .' 