——i ..... i uaiaunxi A WQM OF PROMINENCE. 4 Kin you send a reporter around to my house to do a send-off ?' asked a middle-aged man, approaching the cashier with a visage in which timidity and cheek were curiously blended. 4 What kiud of a send-off? When is it? demanded the cashier. ' L. i& a plant, and it comes off to-morrow afternoon,' replied the stranger. i To- morrow at three sharp we are going to plant my wife, and I promised her that I would have a reporter present, and a long article about the way it was done. She was a great stickier for such things when she was alive, and I want her to have the right thing now she has gone up the flu?" Kin you send one around ?' "Was she a prominent woman?' Inquired the cashier. 4 .Ve don't often send reporters to write up the funerals of private citizens unless there is something particularly interesting about tbe person or the exercises. Did I understand you that she was a very prominent woman V 4 Well, Mister, there was times when she was the most prominent woman in our end of the town. There was times when she was the only citizen that could stay anywhere around where she was. There was times when she would keep every reporter that eypr was born as busy as a tramp at a free lunch, and, if that prominence isn't quite up to your pitch, there was times when, if she'd kim in here, and asked you to do anything for her, you'd have done it, or it would have taken all the rest of the employes around this building to have found where you went out. Is that prominence enough for a reporter to write something about the send off to- morrow ?' 4 That's very well as far as it goes,' replied the cashier, in a sympathetic voiee ; 4 but what part aid she seem to take in publio affairs that would warrant us in believing that the public is interested in her obsequies ? 4 Part ! What part did she take ? Was you ever in the vicinity when there was any publio affaire going on that Sue felt an interest in? Was you ever located where you could look on in safety when that interest of hern began to take a grip ? I guess you couldn't have been, partner, by the questions you ask about that woman.' 'But who was she? What did she do? What was her particular line?' 4 Mister, it's hard to tell who she wasn't when she got started. Sometimes she was a- buzz-saw; sometimes I thought she was intended for a steam trip-hammer ; there was other times when she was . an electric- light wire — that's who she was. As to what she did, I'll refer you to the walls and build ings around where she lived. The marks is there;' you can see for yourself. Her line lay right through the middle of whatever was going on. She went into everything that visited the neighbourhood, and, when she came out of it, she left a hole that there was no mistaking. Is that prominence enough for a reporter to kim around to-morrow and say a word for the way we give her the grand launch V ' 4 1 don't see yet that Bhe was of enough importance for the publio to take any interest in her funeral,' argued the cashier. 4 P'r'aps.noc,' sighed the bereaved ; 4 p'r'aps not. There is them who, never having knowed her, wouldn't think, to see her in her twelve- dollar coffin, that she ever, run our section of the town right up a tree and stood under it and threw bricks at it until it dropped down again. I don't know bow important people has got to be to have a reporter at the wake, but I kin tell you that it's lucky for yoq that she pegged out before me.' 4 1 don't see what I've got to do with that,' smiled the cashier. ' 4 If she'd come around here for a reporter to ba present at my plant, and you'd given her the game you've been giving me, you might never realise what you had to do with it ; but them as looked on in awe while you and she was figuring it out would have had to send & reporter somewhere— that is, if your belonging around these premises is likely to put yon in the light of being in any way prominent. Now, you hear me ?' 4 Weil, I'll think it over,' muttered the cashier. if I tnink it amounts to anything in the way of an item, I'll see that the uaptt is represented.' 1 hat s all right,1 growled the mourner moving reluctantly toward the door. « If job don't send a reporter there to-morrow, and you have one or two whose time is heavy on their hands, you'd do well to send them somewhere to render thanks that yon never knowed the deceased. I don't know,' he con tinued, musingly, 4 if she's where she can hear this conversation, she's liable to get right, out of her coffin and come down here and hold the. funeral services right on yonr shirt ooUax. if you see a ghost hop in at any time between now and dark and commenoe to i slam the delights oat of the institution with out offering -any reason for the circus, yon may know that the departed knows what's going on in this world, and is still prepared to take a hand in where an odd hand appears to be wan tod. Good-bye, mister.' And with this direful suggestion the bereaved took his line of march to tie neigh bouring saloon, pondering the elements indigenous to sufficient prominence to secure, the attendance of a renorter at a Brooklyn Eagle. 