WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. The opening meeting of the annual Con-<*> ference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church was held in the Pirie-street Church on Wed-<*> nesday evening, January 17. A prayer meet- ing was followed by a public gathering, at which the following delegates were present: —The Beys. B. S. Casely (retiring president of the Conference, in the chair), J. Bickford, T. Baston, C. Lane, T. C. laurance, T. LJoyd, S. Knight, G. W. Patchell, M.A., EL T. Burgess, C. H. Goldsmith, J. Allen, T. Edmeades, J. B. Stephenson, A. Stabbs, D. S. Wylie, B. M, Hunter, O. T. Newman, J. Y. Simpson, J. Haslam, J. Nicholson, B. G. Edwards, D. O'DonneU, J. Bead, P. C. Thomas, B. W. Campbell, W. B. Blather, J. H. Trevorrow, A. J. Bogle, W. H. Bofe, T. M. Bowe, W. T. Carter, R. Kelly, W. Reed, S. F. Prior, W. A. Langs ford, H. H. Teague, T. £. Thomas, M.A., J. Gillingham, W. H. Hanton, J. Watts, J. N. Mills, & S. Moncrieff, J. Blight, T. B. Angwin, M.A., W. A. Bainger, J. Blacket, J. H. Goss, L Perry, G. E. Bowe. J. P. Chapman, G. Hall, J. Nairn, and J. H. Hadky. £he Ciuxrmax delivered the following address:— Dear brethren—lt has been customary for the president, when retiring from this chair, to address a few words to the Con ference, and briefly to review the labors of the year. The ex-president (Mr. Stephenson) did this twelve months since in an interesting and more than usually exhaustive manner. I would personally have preferred to follow the example of my predecessors in this particular, but last Conference decided "That the presi dent, on the eve of vacating the chair, shall deliver an annual address." The resolution is not very clearly expressed, but I assume it to mean that in addition to the usual review of the work in which as a church we have engaged, X should add a few remarks on some things to which the work of the year has called atten tion, and which may here be publicly stated. I most, however, say that whatever I m?y advance must be accepted as conveying only opinions for which I am solely responsible; and which in part, or altogether, the Confer ence may accept or disapprove. I would mention with gratitude the kindness of the brethren with most of whom I have officially had more or less to do, and I wish particularly to acknowledge the help in various directions the ex-president has always generously, kindly, and readily given. There have been occasions when it has been particularly valuable, 1 purpose now- briefly to look back on what has been done by us during the past year, and to offer two or three suggestions that 1 think will be in place on this occasion. Our review ot the Methodiatic year must ' bring before us facts both respecting material and spiritual things that are highly gratify ing. So far as results can be tabulated, I qusa tion whether In any former year we have had more abundant evidence of progress. I refer first to building operations. InPirie-street, Archer-street, Kent Town, and Glenelg cir cuits, then in Kooringa, Moonta, and Kadina, we have undertaken work, and in most in stances have now about completed it, that has involved very considerable outlay. Taken altogether, and including the cost of the enlargement of Prince Alfred College, I suppose the outlay has been above rather than under £17,000. Ido not say this Urge sum of money has been raised, but in most cases what is regarded as a fair proportion of it has. In each instance, I think, the buildings erected hare been much needed, and our trustees have acted with prudence, and yet with laudable enterprise. There hawalwo been in many circuits a gradual reduction of trust debt. In this respect we are year by year improving our position, so that some burdens once very oppressive have been greatly reduced. There are one or two in stances of this kind of a very gratifying nature. Our connexions! funds have been well sustained. Without the help of our home mission and contingent fund we should be unable to continue our labors in some circuits, and in others should be greatly crippled; but this year we had such a total of income at our disposal as enabled us to meet all our pressing claims, and some of them with a degree of liberality that both surprised and encouraged the recipients. We have circuits where fln*?i?ifcl difficulties are likely to continue for some time yet, and in the usual course of things we shall require assistance for those that will be called on to provide houses for ministers who soon will enter upon "full connexion." I mention this that the necessity for well sustained effort in support of connexions! funds may be understood. Our home mission fund must be generously and yet very wisely ad ministered. On the one hand we must cheerfully help the weak, and those circuits coping with early difficulties or struggling in arrears where the harvests are poor: on the other hand we must strive to avoid pauperising any one place, or of encou raging bj- our own gifts a dependence on home mission fund support, whilst efforts toward development and in the direction of indepen dence are neglected. We have during the year obtained two young brethren from England; one has been sent to Western Australia, the other into the Northern district. Wehavesenthomealsofortwoqthers. Four candidates passed the Southern district meeting, and are recommended as proba tioners to this Conference; and the names of two or three who seek a place in our ministry will come before you at the proper time. Bequests for ministers will be laid before Conference from several circuits, and if it is held to be desirable to meet each call and to receive each applicant our ability to supply will, I think, be quite equal to the demand. It is with great pleasure I state that our in crease of members is unusually large, and it is satisfactory to find upon an examination j of the returns the progress thus indicated is ? i safe md reliable. For this we give prayer ful, heartfelt thanks to Almighty Goo. We find also that old-fashioned Methodist agen cies—the methods our fathers before us adopted—are still, with God's blessing, effec tive. We neither require sensational efforts, nor altered organisation, nor new doctrines to enable us to secure the conversion of men. Old Methodism well worked, [ the old gospel .faithfully, earnestly preached, the power of the Holy Ghost working through j godly, prayerful men is all we need—is all we ; seek. We shall, however, all agree in this— that it is very often necessary to "compel" ' men to come from the highway and hedges to ! the gospel feast. Mr. Wesley went among ! the masses and preached to them; our fathers made use of cottage and outioor services in order to reach the unsaved; and we know it to be necessary now, in order to succeed, that we should be diligent in season and out of seaeon. If there are to be found waters in which no other fishermen are toiling, there we must cast our net, and rest not till we draw the fish to the shore There are no better examples of successful workers than Methodism has bad and still employs. Towards those who aim at something sensa tional or novel, who try new plans, who decorate their worker* in ribbon or in brass, I have nothing but what is friendly to say. Ho far as they are doing God's work I rejoice; if in some things they fail, I am not sur prised, yet Ido not censure; but for our selves X repeat I believe we want no change in doctrine, in organisation, in methods; but we do want vigor every where—the living energy of divine love, and a sense of personal responsibility to God that will make us diligent in duty even where no human super vision can come. As to membership I think it will be appropriate here aud now to refer to an oft repeated fact that probably has given us each in turn cause to regret. It is not at alt an unusual thing for those who have been members with us perhaps for yean to mo*t unceremoniously withdraw from the fellow ship of our cburco, It is very randy such persona mention the matter to the rainigfcir of the circuit; in some cases the leader of the class is not only not consulted, but is not informed of the fact at all. The slightest little an pleasantness is held to be sufficient excuse for such a course. Some fancied offence, some imagined slight on the part of leading mem bers, some trifling grievance, real or supposed, is enough to cause wounded pride, ami then withdrawal from our ranks. In other cases it is some novelty in the religious world that charms them away; a new division springs into existence, a new minister comes to the front, the chance of prominent position else where dazzles, and away go those who owe their little all of spiritual gain to Methodism. And by these Methodism is always afterward held as to blame for the step they have taken. The ministers or the members are at fault, or else the form of church government is defective. The spiritual life is too feeble for them, or the means of doing good are too restricted. Xhe fault is never with themselves, but always with some other. Yet are we wholly without excuse for much of this? I fear not. That men leave our church for very much less reason than they would leave a Rechabite club or an Odd fellows' lodge perhaps in part arises from the fact that to enter or leave our societies is far too easily accomplished, and we I think too seldom set forth in our preaching the serious ness both such acts demand. The obliga tions of membership are not understood. With many who leave as there is no sense of bond in church fellowship: no sense of the chums gratitude should awaken, or of the family tie all churches re cognise. They have no perception of the eacredness of such relations, and we da not frequently insist on these particulars. Some treat lightly, because they know no better how to act, their onion with the people of God, that should never be dis turbed without strong reason, and then only with prayerful deUberateness. Dr. Cave in his "Primitive Christianity" says, speaking of the early Christians :— " Within themselves they ?wM"fa"*??^ rt?? most admirable peace and harmony, and were of one heart and souL They lived in the strictest amity, and abhorred all division as a plague and firebrand.'' And Mr. Wesley, writing on this subject, says :— "To separate ourselves from a body o£ living Christians, with whom we were before united, is a grievous breach of the law of love. The pretences for separation may be innumerable, but want of love is always the real cause." On this important question there is much reason that we should speak with fidelity. Possibly our leaders are not careful enough in +J?? matter; in writing up quarterly the names of the members in the class-book, it is very easy indeed to drop a name from the lists, and to heed not an act so likely to be followed by serious results. By such aa easy omission men are, so far as we are concerned, shut out of our church, and is time they are forgotten. I hold that no leader is justified in doing this. If what is practically the expulsion of a member is resolved on, it should, after due care, be the act of the pastor of the church, who* must nimiwlf be responsible to the great head of the chnrch t or so solemn and grave an act. ''The power of admission into t"? church, of reproof, of exhortation, and of excision from it, subject to various guards against abuses, is in the pastors of a chnrch." Iventorealsotoaad that wehave those worshippingconstantlywith n* t generously supporting our inf!-'l j|VifiFf% and living Christian lives, who are m—lm of Christ's church, but who are not recog nised as members in our branch of it. What ever may be the reason that w?*- their closer union with us, we owe them pantnrnl care, and that watchfulness over their spiri tual concerns our relation to them (dearly demands. I know that we have by the pre paration of a form of service for the ad mission of members sought to lessen the evil I speak of; but we have not by any means generally adopted it, and I fear our people are not educated to see the necessity and the wisdom of demanding it. I tarn now for a moment to a second point* bearing on the duties pertaining to our office, and which, I think, is somewhat neglected by us. lam not alone in the opinion that we, neither in our private studies nor in preach ing, give sufficient thought nor prominence to our theology. I wOl mention some of the facts my own experience furnishes that justify this view. I find very few mn??g the senior scholars in our Sunday-schools whoreadily answer questions on theological subjects. Young men come up as candidates for our ministry after having been in some cases local preachers for two or three years, and the repiies they give in their are often nothing more than q£ &h;* little they mow of the questions treated. Indeed, 1 think we sometimes find at the end of four years' probation that the know- I ledge gained is scanty and superficial. It ! is sometimes pleaded that nervousness on such occasions unfit men for their exami nations, but often nervousness is only 1 another term for unpreparedness. A man fully conversant with any subject—one who understands it thoroughly—trill not fear being questioned upon it. Does it not frequently follow that theological studies are set aside when the final gra.mimtH ff n is passed i Then, if I miHtafre not, there is little of decidedly doctrinal preaching heard from our pulpits. I do not mean that doctrinal religion is not taught, but it is seldom distinctively, perhaps never systema tically presented. The cause is not hard to trace. Our itinerant system is chained with the blame. If we are to blame; if it is, as I thinly a blemish—then I urge that like """?y an excuse we make it is only a very little better than having no excuse at aIL It is urged against the teachers ?mnnm Salvation Army that their theology, so far as it is taught at all, is very uncertain and hazy, and that in carrying on their great work men are moved more by appeals to their emotional natures than through facts that should also sway the judg ment Even if the indictment is true, those at the head of that work may plead that they have mainly to do with men in such m moral condition that through the heart rather than the head they can alone succeed. I hold that both heart and head need to be appealed to and to be cultured. If we are to develop true Christian manhood men must learn to digest strong meat as well as the mOk the babes require. In the early days of Metho dism both preachers and people were far more polemic than we -are. They held and taught doctrines then, by some noted men, regarded as unscriptural; ?charges were hurled at them by antago nists who were not always very courteous in their style, even if they were not nnjn?t in their charges. Doubtless they sometimes found in Methodism a mode of reply not much unlike their own attack. I quote an instance our own Mr. Christophers gives relating to the doctrinal strife between the disciples of such teachers as the late Dr. Hawker, of Plymouth, and their Armenian opponents. He says:—"The face of one old Armenian is Btill remembered in the West of WnglMiil —one who was always apt at argument, but who was inexhaustible too, inhisuseof sarcasm where argument seemed to be fruitless. He was seen one Sunday morning just outside - ihp door of the Calvanist Chapel JMWMJmjr over the margin of a filthy pool. As the congregation came out he was in the act of stirring up the stagnant water with a lone stick. ' What are you looking for?* said his theological antagonist, as they gatheredround him. *I am searching, 9 said he, without look ing up, but still stirring up the mud, ' I aat searching jf or the eternal decrees.'" But the theology Mr. Wesley taught stands today in. his sermons so clearly expressed, so in aocord with Scriptural teaching that we cannot im prove it. We do not feel that weare hampered i by it—to-day we cordially, intelligently aooept j it. Mr. Wesley's logic and Mr. Ffetchen ! clearness and sweetness more than suffioed to enable early Methodists to hold their ground against all comers. But they and many who followed truly, studiously "gave heed to doctrine" 1 readily admit that on many doctrinal questions there is more of general agreement among the churches now titan there was in the days to which I refer. But we are not to teach doctrine merely to show the nature of our views, but that men may be built up with troth, to possess clear Scriptoral teaching, and to understand " sound words." I It is the practical bearing of this I chiefly seek to enforce, and which we must try to weave into the web and woof of life. Perhaps in 6ome measure the manner in. which membership is regarded partly arises from the lack of scriptural knowledge. Not (infrequently it is said, as though 'twere charitable so to speak of the churches—** Ah, well, we are all going one way," as though the doctrinal opinions that divide us were of no imi>ortance. Then others sneer at creeds, and urge *' so that a man loves God it does net matter what he believes.'' Of coarse lo\e to Cod is all-important, but there may be God-loving Mormons, with an other wise abhorrent theology. There may be a God- loving Unitarian holding some views I should dread to see become popular. Pro fessedly religious men have held doctrines under the sanction of which they have done cruel deeds, and have acted generally as men fit rather for the asylum or the prison cell than for a place among sober persons. We need to give heed to doctrine. Though I thick we should clearly set forth doctrinal subjects from the pulpit, I do not urge that we should preach in a controversial manner or tone. Whilst we should declare that which we do most certainly believe, we need not be anxious to state all that is said against the views we hold. We do not stand in the pulpit to show how utterly weak those who differ from us are m oar estimate, or to exhibit our skill as logical athletes. To. earnestly, and if possible convincingly, set. forth truth is far. more important than to, trove another unorthodox. To speak ?itk the force conviction supplies is better than to raise a doubt ?van though we may prove, its error. ? T? knock down aa old shanty "because for sanitary reasons it is desirable to do bo AM Iwa "wise ntcp, Dot "It Teoutres fermore*4nn,anait fc far higher mft to rearupaipalacetoraiicUebaU. I wj* w save not ao much to do in theway of demoli- Bon as in laying good foundations, *aa tneb ? lwflding fhmon with "gold, and aitoer, and; fcedooa "stones.'' We somettows kick dead dogs rather than nourish the lambi We "meditate among tie tombs * whan we might he better engaged an feeding the 'hungry. \- We learn with pleasure that the British Con ferace has Issued lately anew edition of the "Catechism," which undoubtedly U ab-excel lent m^yi?yi_ and a great improvement oa its predecessor. Still, what is it more than indexofthesubjectofwbicb.it treats? The ?teachers of our schools trill be far wiser men it they carefully atedy it, but my convictioa is that we ahonU assistrthemin thlsdh-ection ;. that we should amplify it bj- addre&os; or by lectures on the subjects taught,and iasome' degree hHp them to snderstaadho w vaatand ftow important "the troths are we arc sup posed most firmly toheUevetWliilethus stating ?ay case Imay mention a wiahnotunErequently ?expressed by my namely, test we bad it in our power to secure and supportia . theological tutor for the youagtnen who offer , for our ministry. Sooner or later ?c mast > accomplish this, and the sooner the better. So far as we can, we must see to it that we send them to their life's, mission fully equipped for the highest as well*as the: bardest service ; and as a rule it will, I be lieve, be found to be far better for us to train oat own young men than to obtain them from Sngland. The greatest gift <£od could Bestow upon ns would be young men of \- talent,of aeal,of enterprise,of spotlesscha lacterand?nnqneotionahtepiety. Tbeniftrc can give ?them -adequate theologiaal and literary culture they will repay ns a hundred- ? fold, and, by God's blessing, carry to multi- ?. tndes around tbe salvation of the GospaL I venture'to odd .just aac remark more. I see year by year bow increasingly Tieoesssry it is that we ahonldveekiij-aJI pturiblewfeaiis to increase the staff of -our local preachers. South Asfitnansn S&etnodism; has in its looal preachers' ranks ?some most able and very worthy men. They have rendered an incal culable service to our chsrch: but to mfenyof them is gradually, surely coming the intinnt ties years -faring. They have not lost their aeal—perhaps they are better preachers to day than they ever were->-but~& several in stances the day is'far Spent, and honored and honorable tail awaits its sure reward. We are sot, however, increasing our staff as our growing demands require; it is very difficult indeed to -fill oar pulpits in some of our circuits, sad with paucity of laborers, to open new ground is in many cases a 'discouraging task. I 'think it is landing on as to encourage any possessing suitable wftilitien -who may be kno*n to ns to unite in this service £of preaching the gospeL laere tare eotne who could" well conduct public worship, "but who do not" -feel themselves -able to preach an extempore sermon; X think these should be asked to read. the ?published sermons that eet forth ?or -views. In this way they could greatly assist us. Brethren, 70a are-all awarfe that -spheres of labor are always-open to as, and S we are ready to seek, and to encourage those ?who are in some degree qualified to help ns, we shall lie able to send both wide -and far the mes sage of the Gospel. I think in aficur work of evangelisation we mnst "hasten elowiy,"out we must strive to do what wearedearfy called to, "with ?ur aright," BU the shadows of evening leadtoi^e darkness -that wfll soon, ?cry soon, end ott-Aqroftofl. Inectlnsraly say that ib^do?fcgthi?'address, I well nigh eompleteimy emeu! Snties, ana I a&aUh;?ve for all their kindness ta me,giatefnl foraU tibe sncces? we eon speak of, grateful to Al mighty God4br many, very many undeterred mercies, and convinced that before ns is work angels might tsevet to engage in, and which we mast hearSy enter On with clean hands and a pure heart. A ballot ?was'then taken for the election of ? president,a?d it-resulted in the Ber. James Bickford being elected by a majority of twenty-two votes. The-Chatem ax eaid there was no one in the Conference to whom he gave np His seat as ?president -with nach rieasnre as -he -dia to Mr. Bickford, and he aoped that during the rev. gentteman'S term ?f office much greater prosperity than they sad ever prevzoosty experienced would Tesnlt. The Peesidest Elht, -who was recetred with load and continued ap> jianse, caul fee-had no idea a few moments ago that he would tave bees elected to the ?See ?f president by so large * majority, although -he had been informed that pos?ttfylie^im^fat 'be elected to take the whair. He^wpnU not like to regard the vote which h*a sn3t been taken exactly as an ? nression of then- confidenae. Hi* thooght he sad had Ihefr confidence tor a nombcr of Tears. He believed he had posseswd the con fidence of his brotlttr ministers for forty-five wears, andhe'was stare he had had ths con fidence of his brethren in South Australia ever since he tad been in the colony. (Ap ?guaae.) ? had been snggtsted to him a little xime since that possibly a 'vote of the kind jiwl recorded nu^hfbe given him for H*** pur* pose of recogrrf?tng any .little -service he might save rendered to vie church since he returned from England*. {Hear, hear.) ~He rather, therefore, 'regarded this voie of theirs as a . recognition of those services—-certainly the best services tetpnldreUflerJ -fiist of allin the Kooriiigacircnit.'anddnringfljeTa^tiFjyears' attheJfoft. reason, and he wished Jo jMkethetrranirk verycusaiicay, to thank Ins broth^B for having in his absence from the colony! appointed him. "to £he Kooanga jptr/mit- l&fpiauis;^.) 5? "did not *h?nir a o perhaps at^nt, hut he lelfe tiatposaiWy God had & wozk-for him to do, and he went todo it He rni^it 1?e excused if he referred shortly to iua cadences in-oocmctrai'wHh : Ihetwocirjcuks6eh?d*a"med. -About fifteen monthaago—gnd he referred to this with all proper uupanl^-rhe oertainb/ did receive in connectao?jrith the speeiai work&t; the Surra ? larger and imo*e abundant blessing of the t Holy Ghost'tifanbeereriexperiebcedliettre. . He had l?et sane, at that. He<faad hit its -fhe time had been at ifhe ?^ott and hethougbftif ithadnetbeeniortbatancimint; of GooTe fipirit, he would hardly haw ven tured to take the chair that nightto preside J over ttiatww?tteapertiabie, and tie might Bay, Messed asMobtageof/OhattianpeOple. (Ap planse.) Share wtte two or three.things-that tewiehed'to?ay tothem. The first was taat loe was a-most- devout he?ever'in those doo fzioes to vhiahtfae?x-pmident had refeired. He had studied toon cio?ely, he had preached -fjlem fcithfnllyjOMii ph+i,C) An^n^li? h*A my doubt, to tte very day of hfe death. (Ap plause.) He &oaght; also he had t>een able tom&nifettsoaaekuoirledgeofdiflcipliae;, and be was sor&he; had always manifested loyally to the Gaaterenee. <Applaoae.) It was not expected 4f tUrn that he should delirer a long epeeeh after the lengeby and able address tht?4twi<h?ardfrom&eex-presldent.; £ext year iM?e wi spared hewooM doubt less give an address of the eanrekind. He would like to caywhat a gratifieataon it was to him that night, in hi? old circuit in Frrie- street, to ccc such a large-assembly of Cfod's faithful people; and he askedthe prayers of those present from day to day that tbe labors - of the CMEerence nnght be attended with beneficiaHwoSts. In conclusion he hoped he would as president give satisfaction to tbe members?f the Conference, and he earnesfly 4ru£ted that tike ?oming year would be'the mostpiO?perou?tttey'had yet known. (I?ad' applausef The Iter. H. 11 Hunter was re-elected fffPF^+^ry jt^i Mi*> TVinfArpwrffj tun A in returning he Ivicifly frl^rftiatiftil l<he president on bisekctaetu The Beva, J. V. Sirapwon and A. Stubb were choaaa assistant secretaries, and the Sev. 6. W. Batebell letter-writec. The Bey. J. B. Smta^neos proposed— "That the hearty thanks of tbe Con&Dence; tie presented to the ex-president {tbe Hey, H. S. Omelj) for his <lilngent> courteous, and faitbiul dibdiarge?f the?aerottsduae? of fbe presidency -duilog the past year." fn sub j?itting the mooon he .ouagr*tel*ted cie presidentelect ?n his ocuupyug for ?he third time the -position -of jnudot of ? Wesieyan Conference, and remaiked that in ail hii xelations with Mr. Btekf ond be had learnt to xespect, to trust, and to tove hue. Ad to the cx-preaidrat tfae mociun represented to t&e; fall his thoughts. Mr. Oaaely had been most dilligent in carryug oat the duties of his office. Indeed so indetaogabie had he been that he (Mr. Stephenson) was afraid he would Slave had undone ?U the good wniub hod i<e aulted fromhis trip 10 the old country. The Jlev. S. KiSZGHT seconded the motion in eulo gistic terms, also taking occasion to refer in slowing terms to the serviced rendered by Mr. Casely during the past year, lhe motion having been supported by ac veral miuiatetvi it was put end carried unanimously. The I ChaibmaS presemed Air. Oaaely with a copy ' Of the flxrty Scriptures, aad Mr. Cazjejlx i suitably responded. I Other vetes ot thanks were paused, and ! ftn^tn-y bnsinesa of a totmal character having i been tranuwted the proceedings were ad- ? jonmed nntil the next day. I 