MAGNETIC DREAMS. ( From the St. Jamas Budget, Deo. 1.) E'luciitcil men huvc generally found spine difficulty in believing that it is possible to give serious attention to the question whether there are such things as appari tions and such powers as those of second sight. Tho Society for Physical Research are inakuig strenuous efforts to overcome this incredulous spirit ; but thoy are by no means tho first ' researchers' who have professed to deal with the subject by scientific methods Many eccentric philoso phers havo been disposed to think that there is something to be said for the popular faith in ghosts; and among these philoso phers perhaps the foremost place is due to Schopenhauer, who took such high rank among the original thinkers of his ago that he earned tho right to be heard about any matter regarding which he chose to express decided opinions. As a rule he was by no meaii3 easily duperl ; but when he ap proached the subject of ' visions' he he seemed almost to lose the faculty of testing evidence. Hardly any story relat ing to tho bordcrly between the natural and the supernatural, whether recorded by ancient or by modern writers, was con demned by hini as extravagant ; and in one of his essays he rebuked Englishmen (whom in other respects he considered to be far ahead of Germans and Frenchmen) for their scepticism as to the mysterious affinities and capacities of the human mind. Curiously enough he attributed our back wardness in that department of philosophy to the malign influence of tho clergy of the National Church, who, he thought, denounced animal magnetism and all other '' isms' of a similar ten-ler.cy because they perceived the perils to which these sciences would expose their superstitious religious beliefs. Ono of the fundamental doctrines of Schopenhauer's philosophy is that the world as we know it has not an independent i existence. Like Berkely, he held that it is j merely an ' appearance tho only real | existence, he maintained, '? is the thing in itself;', and the ' fchiug in 'tself' he identi ' tied with the will.. In ordinary circum stances we know the will only as it. manifests itself tinder the forms of space, time, and causality ; but he contended that there are states of the brain in which we penetrate behind these forms, and come into contact with the will as h is 111 its own nature. At such times we escape from the system of intellectual illusions which it is the business of science to investigate ; wo are in the realm of absolute truth, which constitutes the proper domain of philosophy. Even 'tiembers of the Society for Physical Research aro not likely to take up higher ground than this; and they will certainly not surpass Schopenhauer in the confidence with which he drew conclusions from his ultimate principles. The states of the brain which lead to such surprising results occur when we are in ' a magnetic sleep,' and a magnetic sleep may be pro duced when wo are asleep in the ordinary way. It does not loll -w that if 'we fall into si magnetic sleep we shall have magnetic dreams ; and if we do dream magnetically it does not follow that we shall rciriember what we hiive dreamt. A magnetic sleep is far deeper than ordinary sleep, and in the slow process of waking from it we may iforget the spectacle which it has enabled us to see. Sometimes, however, the im pression which the vision has produced on our feeling remains ; and on these occasions, if the vision has been one of coining disaster (as it coujinonly is in the worst of public worlds, according to-Schopenhauer), we have what is called a presentiment -of tevil, and our presentiment is sure to be Vealised sooner or later. At other times our magnetic dream— that is our percep tion Of realities— -may be transformed into a sort of allegory which is capable of dili'er ?b»:t 'interpretations.' Of this kind were the 'predictions of the Delphic oracle, which frequently could not be understood until they were fulfilled. Schopenhauer was not 'of opinion, however, that our mysterious visions in their original form invariably pass from the memory ; and he gives an example of one which he himself had an Opportunity of studying. This iustancej deemed to him all the more remarkable j because it related to a matter of little ini- 1 portance. One day he was writing a letter | 'in graat haste, and when he had finished 'the tbml page he intended to strew some | writing-sand over what he had written.! In his hurry he seined the inkstand instead ?of the vessel containing sand, .and dashed the contents over, his letter. As tlie ink poured from his desk he rang for, the ma'd to wipe it from the (lour. When she was ?engaged iu doing' so, she said, ' Liist night I dreTimt that I would be wiping inkspots i from the floor hero.' 'STh'at is not irac,' , ?answered Schopenhauer. ' It is true, she ; replied, 'and when I awoke I mentioned it. to the other.. maid who sleeps with iiu.'1 , -J.ust then the othei maid happened to enter j the room in order , to call away her fellow- 1 ?servant. Sch'openhauer, advancing.' - to j meet her, at once asked, ' What did this ?girl . I ream last night 1' '1 don't know.' Yes, you do; she. told you when she ?awoke' ' Oh, to be sure,' bhe maid then ? fjaid, ''she dreamt she would bc Aviping ink-pots from the floor here. Schopcn 'hauer 'ravely points out that this anecdote 'is nut only sufliciout evidence foi magnetic dreaming, but th it it establishes the truth of the doorine that everything happens. in jiccori'laiico with a lixed and necessary orler. Me contended that those states ,oi , the brain which are 'essential for supernatural visions may exist when we are not asleep i n the. ordinary sense. Among the strange experiences which we may undergo when we seem t'r lie wide awake Schopenhauci classes the vision which men are sometimes said to have of themselves as they will appear at some fut«re tii»o. In illustration of this he lel'ers to the well-known iuci described by Goethe in the eleventh book of ' \Vahrheit, und Dichiung.' Cue the had tiuid fare well I'VeUeridi, and was riding in a sorrowful mood towards Driisenheim, when suddenly,, he says, ho saw himself — ' not with the eyes of the body, but with thnse of tho mind' — riding in the opposite direction on tho same road, in a dross such as he had never worn, 'pike-grey, with a Iittlo gold.' ' When I aroused myself from this dream,'' Goethe adds, ' the iiguro immediately vanished.' Eight years afterwards, he asserts, he found , himself on horseback on this very road on j the way to visit 1« redcrick again, wearing ( the dress he had scon in his vision, although j he had put it nn accidentally. Schopen \ hau-jr, who was not averse from teleological explanations after a fashion of his own, argues that this waking dream must have been granted to Goethe for tho purpose of consoling him The final cause of waking dreams mny.be, however, Schopenhauer holds, to prepare us for defeat and sorrow, as in tho case of the famous vision of .Brutus before tho battle of Philippi. The ultimate will behiud phenomena may even strive to Warn men who, through some defect of Constitution, aio unable to appre hend its intimations. At such times, although seeing nothing, they may. beer | mysterious sounds, cspecialy sounds of I knocking; and Schopenhauer's lnvestiga | tions convinced him that these sounds are 'most frequently heard in the interval | between night and morning! Another set ! of- ' facts' to which ho attributed great ! importance are those connected with the ! influence. whhh ma)' bo exerted by persons ; in a waking dream over other persons, ! whether near or at a distance. This in , Huence, he tells us, is often eScrtod by persons who are dying. A dying man who ! happens to be in a magnetic state thinks i of some friend; aud instantly a vision of -? him, as distinct as surrounding objects, ? rises in his friend's consciousness. Schopen j hauer cites many authorities for this belief, j but also mentions a case known to himself. ' A short time ago,' he says, ''at the Jewish Hospital, here in Frankfoit, a sick woman ! died during the night Early next morn ing her sister and niece, one. of whom lives in Frankfort, the other about four English ! miles away, called at the hospital to inquire for her; during the night she had appeared to both of them. The director of tho | hospital, who reported this incident, declared that such 'cases often occur.' Whether the dead over exercised the same power Sohoperhauer does- not undertake to say. The intellect, being a function of the brain, is extinguished, he assumes, by death; but the will of .vhicli the brain is only a manifestion, survives; and he sees no reason to doubt that it may havo the capacity of appearing to the living or (with out itself appearing) of eonimunicatiug some message from the unseen universe. Ou this point, however, he admits that the evidence accessible to us is vague and con tradictory. But he is certain that in wak ing dreams men have often seen the dead as they existed at some particular moment of their lives Visions of this kind corres pond exactly to a past reality ; and they may be called forth by the presence of a trifling relic, such as a coat or a drop of blood that has long ago sunk into the floor. It is not the dead themselves who appear, but the vision is evoked by an influence which they ha ve loft belv.nd them ; and among other proofs Schopenhaur recalls the experience of tho botanist Gleditsch, who saw Maupertis in the hall of the Berlin Academy of sciences, of which Maupertis had been for many yoars president. The magical qualities of human nature (the word ' magical' is used with approval by Schopenhauer himself) aro usua'ly sup posed, by enthusiastic believers in them, to be revelled only in rare mome'its of exaltation. Schopenhauer, however, was persuaded that without being aware ol it we were con tinually crossing the line^between nature and the supernatural. Hence he warns persons who havo an important secret that jn conversation they ought not to refer to any subject having the most distant relation to it The faintest indication may suffice, he suggests, to disclose to another mind everything that we are most anxious to conceal. A lady once asked him — ' in the midst.of very animated talk at the supper table' — what were the three numbers she had chosen for' the -lottery. To ' her astonishment he gave the first two num bers correctly. The third was wrong ; but that was because she had disturbed him by her exclamations, awakening him from the state in which (if we accept his account of the matter^ he was able to read her thoughts with the directness and the\cortamty ol intuition. 