A DRAMATIST A T RAY. (Saturday Review.) The. principal poet of Scandumii his just taken a singular mode it once of it Aenging himself upon contemporary opinion men of setting himself right with posterity) In these days, when aggrieved gene is an artist's md technical people of all kinds le IAC then proper nts to inflict themselves upon the newspapers, itisiefieshing to come upon cobbler military A\hostuctl\ sticks to Insist HenukIbsen,thegieitestdi dentist time scored) his ever produced, considers himself out age!, and he v G A properly Writes a hit bottomed) to defend himself Relations have long tended to become str lined both been Ibsen and his countrymen Now he earns, is he depicts them in his castle during, one len me from being so pastoral and so in testing is the appeal in the note books of English tourists 4s long ago as 1853 the popular a poet opened his attack upon the social hypocrisies of the middle classes in K)o)hghidans Aowfuiic ('LOACS Cometh ), A\ithitse\tiemel) laughable burlesque Hit pi it alleges md the public) of betrothal He left New) amid a storm of indignation, and his only returned to it for fleeting visits ever since For some years his dramatic scenes in short rhymed measures, although seething enough in the shire, hall) time tested the attention of the low he had lit class, but in 1869 be again handed the grocer md the butter with his post come]) of "The Young Mens Union, a site on the local action of the ladies put) in New i) The performance of this pi IA led to something but not md Ibsen once more left until it can further to issue it as his enemies A tin dog) on the case of Julian the Apostate could hint nobod) s feelings , nor could a ti aged) on out of the old clan outlet s it is Ibsen was covered With honours, the acknowledged head of his i fine throughout Scandinavia, and it was hoped that it success had "turned the terms of his claws in gold, is St tints puts it But in 1877 he resumed his old attitude tow aids Norwegian respectability) in the cometh of isamfundits Shttu (" I lie Fill us of Social) ), which his been acted on the English stage, and in almost every theatre ofGeimui), and which deals with the 1st of respectable swindling Upon this four loved His famous comedy), of the in of Lt KuklJjtm ("A Doll's House ) which, under the title of New has been a invited into almost every 1 urgings of Europe merit this moment lies upon our I felt in in English to his action by Miss Henrietta ii meet Lord (Cath and 1 many lines has perhaps been the most successful of all Ibsen's 1 item Works, and it could not be said that the problems which it raise 1 was discussed in a satirical spirit but it SEAC the enemies of the post an opportunity of saying that he thought lightly of waiting md of her capacity) is a power for good in society Each of these di mi is has been a riddle in ethics, and in no one of them it is the poet himself pronounced a final opinion of attempted solution This his been the great charge against him, and chasten in Aim that his intelligent cures are said, ' It is not the dramatist a duty to publish a parcel for A our soul, it is enough for him to have awakened Your conscience, and have made you feel thoroughly) uncomfortable The sense of discomfort le believe its chin is two winters ago on the publication of Genganaue( 'Ghosts ) high test) team is, ironically) called i te mesh, A is a sermon on the te At, " the sins of the fathers shall be A waited upon the children, and dwelt with cxtiioitlinii) vigour and ability upon a subject usually aban toned to the medic d profession He leaped ible 1 cases lose is one which, no man in A\ ould consent to let the piece , and the Fuss stiBniittstd the "suspect is a' man) to his country) for tears the veil so imbibed) from a national vote Ibsen his been silent for two years, AA with his toB i sullen!) AMipped around him but he has just come for AMId AAIIII I ntAv coined), which is a most brilliant statement of his position, and ARTHUR completely) turns the fruits on his opponents It is cellar L i lolUttuuh (' an Enemy to his Country ), md is published by Hegel, of Copenhagen In a little seaside watering place in the south of No w i), Dr Thomas Station inn is the pliAsician uni director of the principal bathing establishment It is, in fact, has baths which for in the staple of the little town, and round which institute prospect) is supposed to turn These baths have been opened is a speculation by the town council, of which Dr. Stockmiims elder brother, the mayor, is president A last (led of money has been spent in fitting out the b iths md in theorising them, and When the whole thing was in working order the mayor his brought his enthusiastic scientific brother down from St miserable pinetrees somewhere Anthill the AicticGncIe to work the institution and to bring ltmtoAOgue When the coined) opens, the doctor is general) enjoying the change from the solitude of his old home to the blight, bustling life at the b this, but it the same time he is beginning to be a little disturbed in his mind One or two cases of sudden illness June occurred among the visitors at the baths, md he cannot help suspecting that something is AWOH,, with the di runs He cannot however, persuade his brother the miAoitotnko iii) interest in the subject, and so he deter mines to say nothing about it until he is absolutely sure of his facts Din in the first act AA o see him in his own house, caressed and flattered b) HoAstad and Billing, the editor and sub-editor of the local new superior course a Radical punt who are at daggers drawn with the local authorities, and who aspersed to hiiAO the mayor s brother on then she Hosted, moreover, is issuing to the hand of Perth, Dr Stotkmmns daughter After a series of A el) entertaining, saves, the act closes with one in which the doctor lcAtite to his journalistic friends that he his made a A an) important discovery) about the ton dition of the baths, amounting to this-that tin mine institution is built on ground into which the whole refuse, not only of the town, but of some trainer Des abo) e the town it, is damned, and that in IACI) respect it is unfit for human habitation the baths, in fact, no built upon an open cesspool This the doctor has absolutely proved, and he says it is obvious that the whole town must be grateful to him for pointing it out in good time. Hovstad and Billing beg him to say nothing about it until they can put a notice of it into their paper, and he promises them a long article on the subject for their next issue. In the following act difficulties begin to dawn upon him. His brother is very indignant at what he calls his tone of ex- aggeration. But the doctor had a visit from Herr Aslaksen, the cunning old leader of the Radical caucus in the town, who is delighted at an opportunity of showing up the local authorities. He promises Dr. Stock claim that, whatever the town council may say, the sympathy of " the compact Liberal majority will be on his side and he is not to spare their feelings. Herr Aslaksen leaves him in high spirits ; but the mayor, his brother, comes down upon Ililli immediately afterwards, and points out the practical diffi- culties that to drain the baths properly an enormous expenditure of time and money will be required, and that in the meantime the town will be empty of its visitors. Better, he says, far better, to consider that your view of the case has been an impulsive and exaggerated one. If you will take this ground, it is not impossible that the town council may consent to make a few superficial improvements. The doctor, strong in his virtue and the promised support of " the compact Liberal majority," turns him out of doors. The third act is written with consummate stage art, and is full of original situations. It takes place at the printing office of the newspaper and great amusement is caused by the way in which the brothers Stockmann are continually popping in, and have to be kept out of sight of one another. Herr Aslaksen, besides being a politician, is printer and proprietor of the paper and when he learns that the town will have to pay an extremely heavy rate to get these sanitary changes made, his views alter very rapidly. But Dr. Stockmann is impatient to see a proof of his article, and it is very difficult to keep him occupied. Gradually, however, the mayor succeeds in proving to Aslaksen, Hoysted, and Billing that it will be very decidedly against the personal interests of all three to print Dr. Stockman's letter and at last, in a very effective scene, the poor doctor is turned out of the printing office with his MS in his hands. In the fourth act we learn that every respectable person in the town has dropped the question of draining the baths as though it were a hot potato. The money risks are so great, the vested interests to be disturbed are so powerful, the popularity of the town as a summer resort would be so much endangered, that everybody combines to think that the doctor must be wrong, and even that it is very indelicate of him to have raised the question at all. shocked and amazed, the doctor is not discouraged ยก he tries to hire a room in which to address the townspeople on the subject, but no one will let him a room. At last the only place in which he can make himself heard is the house of a Captain Forster, the master of a trading vessel, an excellent fellow who knows nothing of politics. The meeting which ensues fills the greater part of the fourth act, and is a brilliant piece of satirical composition. Herr Aslaksen and the mayor, the editors of the newspaper and the members of the town council, forget all their wonted enmity, and unite in crushing the common foe of their purses. But Dr. Stockmann gets on his legs, and when the meeting forbids him to approach the subject of drains, he tells them that he is willing to put that on one side ; another subject interests him now. The whole constitution of the town rests upon a cesspool, and that is the selfish folly of the compact Liberal majority." They hoot and yell, and at last ahalf-tipsyfellowal the back of the room cries out that he is no patriot, but a foU'e/icnde, an enemy to his people. They all shout Fulke JienJe! folk mide! and he has to retire before this outburst of respectable rowdyism. In the fifth feel the vengeance of the town is complete. The crowd breaks his windows ; the town council dismiss him from his post ; his children are pushed roughly in the street. The inhabitants sign a paper to say that they will not employ him as a physician any more. His tradespeople sneak round to excuse themselves civilly, but say that they dare not supply him with goods any longer. His friend Captain Forster is dismissed from his ship for taking his side and yet all the fault he has committed is to point out to the townspeople the terrible danger which lies concealed in the midst of them. The scene falls upon Dr. Stockmann ruined, disgraced, discouraged, but firmly supported by his conscience, and certain of a reaction in favour of honesty and truth. This is Ibsen's revenge, and a very clever and characteristic one it is. He, of course, is Dr. Stockmann, who has pointed out to his countrymen the pestilential hypocrisies on which their life is based, and who is met with howls of J'ulle/ieiult! from a " compact Liberal majority." The dramatist has avoided the danger of losing his temper, and has in this shown himself the superior of M. Alphonse Daudet, whose novel of indignation, VEcanyelhte, which appears simultaneously with En FoUxJicmh, and distinctly resembles it in tone is too angry to be effective. Some of the political aphorisms in Ibsen's play are charming. " Lack of disinfectants deadens the Radical conscience" is a quaintly suggestive notion thrown off by Dr. Stockmann in the heat of his address. "A fool is not a distinguished man because he happens to be descended from a rascally old Pomeranian sea- robber who lived six hundred years ago," is an equally conciliatory remark, thrown out for the benefit of the opposite section of his audience. But the Vials of Ibsen's or of Dr. Stockmann's wrath are principally poured out upon that " compact Liberal majority " which is the special pride of the modern Norwegian, and which only does not land the country in the horrors of a Commune because it is so very selfish and stupid. This is the opinion, at all events, of one eminent writer. It must not be forgotten, however, that another poet, scarcely less illustrious, Bjiirnstjerne Bjtirnson, takes a very different view of the situation, and is said to be emulous of the fame of a Gambetta of the Norwegian Republic. In that day it is to be feared that Ibsen will be silent ; when they want a great song for their Norway made free, let no man look to the author of En Folkefiemh. For the time being he has written a comedy which will probably be acted in every theatre in Scandinavia, and every performance of which will be a satisfaction to his personal pride. THE great excitement of last week in New South Wales was the alleged discord, cry of both alluvial and reef gold at Billy's Lookout, a place about thirty or forty miles north of Barmedman Temoiaaii(lBaimc(lniaiilia\obecn almost deserted for the new Eldorado, and telegrams early in the week reported 1000 men to be on the Held The latest particulars will be found in our telegraphic columns Pi in our exchanges we gather the following Cunningham and party, four 01 Hi o chums up the gun, from the prospectors, bottomed on gold on 14th instant, The pros poets obtained were about 2gr to the dish People are going from all part to, although the accounts received are not IOIJ outcome aging, Fifty passengers were booked by Cobb's coach at Cootamundra on Thursday for the rush. It would be highly advisable for people at a distance to wait until there is some CM decree that the field will be of some extent and likely to be permanent It may-, turn out only a patch, and great disappointment thus result Another telegram says the latest news i cecil ed from the new rush at Billy's Lookout Is disc come aging, and people at a distance and was told not to come for the present. 