PICKWICK CLUB. Last evening the second social evening of the members of tlie Pickwick Club was held at the Beehive Exchange, There was a good at tendance of members. Dr. Quick, M.L.A., occupied the chair, and delivefcd the following address in review of Shakespeare's tragedy of Macbeth:— The predominant ideas of terror, passion, and crime which pervade the whole of the sublime tragedy of Macbeth, burst upon our view in the opening scene in the desert placo [amid thunder and lightning. 'Che weird and withered hags of darkness are seen in solemn conclave, plotting for their interview with Macbeth upon the heath, there to allure him on to destruction. The second scene intro duces the king of Scotland, Duncan, who with his faithful attendants discuss the result of a battle which had just taken place between the Scots and Norwegians, in which Macbeth, thane of Glamis, and Ban quo, his officer, had defeated the enemy. The thane of Cawdor, a disloyal traitor, is stated to have been vanquished in personal combat by Macbeth, who is described as valor's minion brandishing his sword which smoked with bloody execution. Tho old king is so pleased with the services rendered by Mac beth, a kinsman of his, that he deposes tho thane of Cawdor and orders his instant execution. This Cawdor is the one of whom the memorable words were spoken, that nothing in his life becamo him like the leaving it; Messengers are then despatched to greet Mac beth as thane of Cawdor. The third scene introduces the main action of the play, and the great whirlwind of agitated life begins to roar and tear in all its horror and impetuosity, and continues until it ceases in the final silence of battle, murder, and death. Up to this point ;there is no doubt of Macbeth's loyalty to Duncan ; the suggestion of treacherous ambition comes from some evil demon without tho pale of his ordinary life. On the march after the battle to meet the king at Forres, Macbeth and Banquo meet the witches on the heath. Macbeth, addressing his friend, asks— What are these ' So withor'd and so wild in their attiro, That look nut like tho inhabitants u' tile earth, ' And yet are on't ? Then proceeds that fatal dialogue in language so well known to all students of Shakespeare, in the course of which, two witches hail Macbeth as thane of Glainis, and thane of Cawdor, and tile third witch hails him as " he that shall be king hereafter." The first two witches next hail Banquo as "lesser than Macbeth; and greater," "not so happy, yet much happier." " Thou," says tho third witch "shall get kings tho' thou be none, so all hail Macbeth and Banquo." Then they vauish like bubbles into thin air. Both travellers are alarmed and terror-smitten at this extraordinary apparition, and prophecy rendered all the more striking be cause unexpected and unsought. "Stay you imperfect speakers tell me more " cried Mac beth in the first delirium of excitement and terror. By the death of Sinel his father, he knew he was Thane of Glamis, but how about Cawdor? Cawdor lived, and to bo king stood no more within tho prospect of belief than to bo Cawdor. Thus he reasoned. But the ghastly visitants with their oloppy fingers, their skinny j lips and bearded chins, had vanished as breath into the wind no more to be interrogated. Swiftly, like the ministry of destiny, the action of tlio tragedy proceeds. Messengers appear to Macbeth horalding the fulfilment of the first part of tho prophecy; he is Thane of Cawdor.' Macbetli's fancy had been at work already brooding over tho possible grasp of sovereignty. Aside he soliloquizes— : : Glamis and Thane of Cawdor, ... . The greatest is behind. From that moment Macbeth's downward course to ruin began. In a second aside in which we see the gradual downward formulation of his scheme, no says : — Two truths are told, An happy prologue to the swelling act Of the imperial theme. ., . . ... This supernatural soliciting | , Cannot bo ill, cannot he good : if ill, ' " Why hath it given me earnest of success, J • Commencing m a truth ? I am thane of Cawdor If good, why do I yield to that suggestion ■ Whoso horrid image doth unfix my hair And make my seated heart knock at my ribs, Against the use*>f riaturo ? And now, notwithstanding his mis-givings and doubts, he resolves to drift with the current of evil influences and horrid suggestions, relying upon chance to pull him through. This fatalistic resolve is seen in his reflection— Omno what, come may, Time and the hour runs through the roughest day. In his interview with the King which follows, he is addressed as " worthiest cousin," and the old man complains that the swiftest wing of re compense has been slow in reaching his trusted thane. Embracing Banquo as a token of esteem ho exclaims—• My plenteous joys Wanton in fulness seek to hide themselves In drops of sorrow. - The poor king weeps for joy ; little thinks he of tho butchery that awaits him at the hands of his peerless kinsman. The opportunity for carrying out the fiendish plan soon presents itself. The . king says that he will bo Macbeth's guest that night at Inverness Castle. Now appears upon the scone tho most terrible woman of all the tragedy—Lady Macbeth, the fiend—tho queen of the throne of Glamis and Cawdor, a queen whose subtle crimes exceed in intensity and horror even those of Clytemnoes tra; a queen whose wickedness could not be wiped out by, all the perfumes of Arabia. Prior to his arrival at the castle announcing the ap proaching visit of the king Macbeth had sent a letter to his dearest partner of greatness, telling her of the prediction of the witches, and of the partial realisation of promised honors. Ah! it seemed that little was needed to create murderous designs in her heart. No one, says M. Guizot, can make us tremble so much as Lady Macbeth herself at the action for which she prepares herself in such a cold-blooded manner, and with such little fear. She is her j anatomist. Listen to her first exclamation— ' " Glamis, thou art, and Cawdor, and shall be What thou art promised. Yot I do fear thy nature. It is too full of the milk of human kindness, To catch tho nearest way." Great Heavens, if Macbeth, whoso thoughts at that juncture were full of murder, if he, who was prepared to wade through slaughter to a throne, and shut the gates of mercy on man kind, was too full of tho milk of human kind ness, what must have becu the diabolical nature of this woman? Who can plumb the depths of her black and infamous heart ? | Woman, the gentlest, most beautiful, and mo3t loving creature that sprang from tho hands of the Divine Creator, is here represented by Shakespeare as the very incarnation of a fiend without mercy, without remorse, without shame or pity, plan ing the violent death of an innocent old king, who was her husband's kinsman: who had just promoted and honored that husband, and who was about to be his guest. The dramatist has given us a grim portraituro of tho anatomy of her soul. There is nothing in literature ancient or modern which in my opinion equals the faith ful exhibitions of a self-coufessed maligant heart. On the arrival of a messenger announc ing the intended visit of the king, Lady Mac beth thus soliloquises :— Tho raven himself is hoarso That croaks tho fatal entrance of Duncan Under my battlemonts. Come, you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts, unsox mo here, And fill me from the crown to tho toe top-full Of direst cruclty ! make thick my blood; Stop up tho access and passage to remorse, That no compunctious visitings of nature Shako my fell purpose, nor koep peaco between The effect and it! Como to my woman's breasts, And take my milk for gall, you murdering ministers, Wherever in your sightless substances You wait on nature's mischief! Oome, thick night, And pall thee in the dimne.it smoke of hell, That my keen knife see not tin wound it makes, Aor hoavon peep through tho blanket of the dark To cry " Hold, hold 1" Macbeth arrives, and in a wild tumult of joy she exclaims :— Great Glamis ! worthy Cawdor ! Greater than both by the all hail hereafter, And then dark words are exchanged, "He that's coming," says Lady Macbeth, " must be pro vided for," and she undertakes the despatch of that night's great business. One of the most peculiar and charming characteristics of Shake speare's profound tragedies is that they contain occasional lulls or calms in the progress of the plot. After or before a storm there is generally a pause—a gentle quiet scene, and sometimes an amusing scene, such as the grave-digger seenc in Hamlet; the drunken officer scene in Othello; tho sleeping page scene in Julius Cresar on the eve of the battle of Philippi; This is never tho caso in Greek tragedy. In those wonderful compositions the unity of time, place, and action is never suspended; it moves forward uninterruptedly like an engine of death, unpausing, remorseless, and uncon trollable. Tho Shakespearian style is, I think, more faithful to nature. The principle I refer to is most beautifully illustrated in scene 4, act 1 — the arrival of Duncan before Macbeth's castle. This scene has been greatly admired by Sir Joshua Reynolds, the painter. It is a fair representation, he says, of what would naturally occur on the arrival of the .king and his staff at the ancient mansion of his retainer. Duncan. This castle has a pleasant scat; the air JMinbly and sweetly recommends itself Unto our gentle senses. Banquo. _ This guest of summer, JLho templo-hanntmg martlet, does approve By his loved mansionry that the heaven's breath bmells wooingly here: no jutty, freeze, • Buttress, nor coign of vantage, but this bird Hath made his pendant bed and procreant cradle Where they most breed and haunt, I have observed Tho air is delicate. Lovely words; we cannot pause to admire them; we are hurried onward by the trembling vibrations of the approaching tempest. The crisis ia the history of Macbeth has now arrived. He communes witlv, himself, and shows signs of wavering in' the well known ^ If if wero dono when 'tis donoi'then 'twere well It were done quickly; if the assassination Could trammel up the consequence, and catcil With his surcease success; that but tins blow Might be tlie be-all and the end-all here, But here* upon this bank and shoal or time, Wo'll jump the life to come. . ,, And then lie argues with himself against the proposed murder. Duncan, llo reasons, is in hia house on 'doable trust—-first as' it kinsman, and next as a guest, strong both against the deed. Besides, Duncan has conducted himself so well in his great office that his virtues would "plead like angels trumpet- tongucd against the deep damnation of his'taking of." Now was^thc last moment of Maobeth's possible salvation. Now one suprem'e effort of hi3 better nature would have saved him from eternal perdition. Nature advised him to pause; sympathy, grati tude, and chivalry bade him abandon his fell purpose; whilst reaison stood agha'st at the contemplation' of a felony so fearful, and so far bevond pardon'. But an evil genius haunts liis path. His wife comes in and asks him why ho has left the king's chamber? Macbeth.- : ■ . . .■■ . ... . We wiU'proceed no further in this business. He liafli' lioiVprfid liia of lato, and I have bought Golden opinions fi'onl all sorts of people. s Lady A/V ' Was the hope drunk Wherein jtorf dressed yoursolf? Hath it slept sinco? ■■■.;■ ■ , And wakes it now to look so green and pale At what it did so freely ? From this time Such I account thy love. . SIachc:h. . I dare do all that may become a man, Who dares do more is none. ■: ' ' Lady M. . What beast was t then That made you broak this enterprise to mo? When you durst do it; then you were a man. Macheth. If we should fail ? Lady M. '■ We fail ! But scrow your Courage to the sticking place, And we'll not fail. t. , . These few lines .convey a psychlogical picture of great interest. They show how Macbeth's mind—'wistfully1 looking towards what was right, desiring to retrace the falso steps -which he had already taken, led on by tho delusions of the weird sisters—drawn onward to the whirl pool of death, which the inward monitor in hia calnier moments told him was the sure and certain, terminus' to ; which liis sins would land him. .. His fate so powerfully illustrating the strength and weakness of human nature reminds me of a passage in one of Lord Lytton's works—"Every Alpine, traveller knows those steep, smooth, glassy hill-faces more dan gerous from their very reductiveness than cliff or iceberg that have so many deaths to answer for. In these places there is always one point which, if the victim lias reached, it is not only impos sible to retrace his steps/ but equally impossible ■to arrest his progress to'destruction for a second. The slow, irresistible, downward im pulse is the most horrible part of the whole catastrophe.- And so it is in the downward career along the slippery path, of crime. There is a certain Btep beyond which all hope is fantas tical. Macbetli's fatal blunder was in communi cating to his wife the prophecy of the witches; so that now at tho end of the first act we find Macbeth's mind finally and irrevocably made up, declaring in. pomp .and- bombast that he is determined to bend all the powers of his -body and mind to the terrible feat. It was a .canon of the tragic art of.'Greece that .no blood should be shed on.the stage .in the presence of' the audience. Shakespeare seems to have followed that rule in the act describing tho murder of Duncan by Macboth.. The murder takes place in the dead of night in Duncan's chamber. The first intimation of its accomplishment is sup plied by Macbeth rushing to his wife with blood stained hands, he exclaims—' Macbcth. ' , ' ' I have done the deod. Didst, thou not hear a noise? • : LadyM., . • .... ■ : : ! I heard,the owl scream and the cricket cry. ' 1 Macbeth had summed up his courage to the sticking placc.! He had' done the deed which paved tho way to his usurpation of the throne, but the' sight-of his hangman's hands, and the thoughts'of the slaughter in which they had been buried soon caused his torments to begin. That sure : avenging minister of justice, con science,^ was already on the track of his soul. All that:dreary night no sleep came to knit up the raveUed sleeve of care; no sleep to soothe the troubled mansions of the. brain; no sleep to suspend the alarming activity of thought,' and the dread consciousness of guilt with the. possibility of discovery and punish ment. Sleep, the beautiful sleep, innocent sleep, ' ' - ■ . The death of each day's life, soro labour's bath Balm, of hurt'minds, groat nature's second course ■ Chief nourislier in life's feast , had deserted his eye-lids. Glamis had murdered sleep, and .therefore Cawdor could sleep no more. Every 'noise appalled him now. A dark demon —a winged fiend from hell—stooped over him plucking out his eyes and heart like the vulture that daily' consumed the vitals of the rock bound Prometheus. Afterwards, however, Macbeth began to reap the harvest of his crimo. He has it now; King Cawdcr,Glamis—all as the weird women promised, and he endeavored to silence conscience and- drown tho sorrow of remorse in tho gluttony of royal state and power. Still, however, apart from conscience, Macbeth had a source of trouble and danger. Duncan, it is true, was in liis grave, and after life's fitful fever lie slept well. No fear in that quarter. But there . was Banquo. To be thus is nothing: But to be safely thus:—Our fears iri Banquo Stick deep • Macbeth: had given his eternal jewel o'f in nocence, to the common enemy of man, but even that would not give him peace; he still dreaded the dauntless temper, wisdom and valor of Banquo, whom the weird sisters had hailed as father of a line of kings. Thus another murder was necessary to . secure his blood-founded throne; nay, two murders, because Banquo had a son, Fleance.: So he goes on like King Oedipus,' piling lip the colossal pyramid of iniquities' which was destined to crush him. Banquo is slain by: three murderous hirelings, but Fleanco escapes. The snake is scotched not killed. On the night of the murder Macbeth gives a state banquet, at which Banquo was to have been a guest. During the feast the ghost of Banquo enters the hall and confronts his murderer. I will not dwell upon this startling scene more than to make two observations of a literary and speculative cha ract#r. Tho ghost of Banquo may be with some interest contrasted with that other Shakesperian apparition, the ghost of Hamlet's father. There is a remarkable difference be tween the two. In Hamlet death hovers over the stage from the opening of tho play; death is everywhere; it strikes amazement into tho hearts of the night-watchers, Hamlet and Horatio arc personally affected by it; the wan dering ghost of tho murdered king is seen by a number of persons. Death is personified; hence it is a real phenomenon, not a mere fancy of tho disordered heat-oppressed brain. In Macbetli the ghost, though it enters the banqueting hall, is not seen by any one except by Macbeth him self. It is a horrible shadow, an unreal mockery visible only to the guilty Thane. He calls on it to quit his sight; the banqueters see nothing. Hence it was a mere hallucination like the air drawn dagger. The second point is that if the ghost which appeared to Macbeth was a mere phantom of the mind, why was it the ghost of Banquo, whom he had slain by deputy and not that of poor Duncan, whose very blood had 'stained his hands? We. can only explain the anomaly by supposing that in the swiftness of mental action Macbeth had already outlived his terror on account of Duncan, and that the assassination of Banquo, which had taken place that evening, was uppermost in his mind. Macbeth's mind was on the border of disease; he was hallucinated and believed in his hallucination. 11c had undergone a fearful ordeal : his mind was lashed about in a tremendous storm of troubles and fear; he lacked the sweet balm of nature's sleep, which itself is a cause of mad ness. These surroundings sufficiently account for his mental delirium which caused him to conjure up the blood-crowned phantom. From that banqueting night it appears that Lady Macbetli's occupation was gone. The inevitable reaction had set iu, and she had to turn her thoughts inwardly to gaze 011 that wreck of content and happiness which reflection supplied. But her husband resolved to rush from the maddening horror of silent meditation to swift winged action. Regretting the escape of Fleance he decided that henceforth the firstling of his heart should be the firstling of his hand. He was steeped in blood so deep that it was impos sible to retire and difficult to advance. In the midst of his perplexity he says :— I will to-morrow, Betimes I will unto tho weird sisters ; More shall they speak. He is determined to know the worst; again he interviews those juggling fiends That palter with us in a double sense; That keep the word of promise to our ear, And break it to our hope. By the witches he is assured that he will never be vauquished by one of woman born, nor till Burnam wood is removed to high Dun sinane Hill. To him that is a satifactory assur ance, buthe is paltered withinadouble sense. At the same time he receives a friendly warning to beware of Macduff, the Thane of Fife. Time will not permit me to discuss the closing incidents or thi3 strange eventful tragedy, such as the murder of Macduirs children, the maefcess and death of Lady Macbeth, and the fierce battle of revenge, which ended in the killing of Macbeth by Macduff in single combat. It is only necessary to emphasize two facts in order to establish a complete microscopic view of the whole tragedy. Macbeth was slain by one not of woman born, for Macduff was "from his mother's womb unkindly ripped," and Burnam wood literally came to Dunsinane, for the branches of trees cut in tho wood were carried by Macduff's soldiers to disguise their advance on Macbeth's castle. I will conclude with a few general observations. In Shakespeare's tragedies ive see types o! human character so infinitely varied yet so trne to nature, revealing the weakness and wickedness of the old Adam, that they are almost worthy of being placed side by side for study with some of the characters in the Bible. For example, Macbeth may be compared with Saul, the first king of Israel,, who, it will be remembered, consulted the witch of Eudor, and whose end was equally aa disastrous and painful as that of the Thane of Glamis and Cawdor. The predominant ideas which run through the histories of both Mac beth and Saul arc terror, crime, and passion. Ju both there are seen sudden and violent changes of fortune. The tragedy of Dimsmane has its lessons, as well as the tragedy enacted on Mount Gilboa ages and ages ago. Macbeth presents a true psychological study. Few of our great bard's creations- are drawn with such graphic energy. We can see through the anatomy and physiology of Macbeth's nature dffttn to the recesses of his inner life and can trace his wayward, wavering, blunder ing, audacious earcer from the beginning of his troubles to tho bitter end. There is no mysti cism about him. His destiny seemed as un shunablc as death. Some supernatural power appeared to bo ever dragging him down to tho bottomless pit. Macbeth's primary weakness could hardly be said to be ambition. He wnx no more ambitious than Othello was jealous. It was, as M. Guizot ha3 remarked, Lady Macbeth .who "tfas ambitious; it was Iago who was jealous, throughout the tragedy the merry and the sad run side by side, one for a moment mitigating tho severity 'of the other. An occasional gleam of intellectual radiance is thrown across the tragic picture, but it only deepeno the utter darkness of the landscape: Amid the war of right and criinc, alone tho conflict of man against the overwhelming forces of wickedness, Macbeth's moral nature occasionally soars. His slaughterous thought cannot long silence the still small voice; he had supped full of horrors, but looked with calmness to his approaching doom. Says he, I have lived long enough, my way of life Ts fall'n into tho ecnr, tho yellow leaf. Again, on hearing of the death of the Quccu, he uttered those immortal words, . To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow, Creeps in this petty pace from day to day. In the last syllable of recorded time. And all our yesterdays have lighted fools Tho way"to dusty death. When the messenger tells him that Bnraaii} wood is coming to Dunsinane he cries— I 'gin to be aweary of the sun, And wish tho ostate o'the world were now undone. Blow, wind ! come wrack ! At least we'll die with harness on our back. ; And so he died. The sublime tragedy stands like some broken monument in a wilderness telling of disaster, shattered hopes, ruin and death as the accompaniments of every departure from the narrow paths of moral rectitude, a landmark to guido the traveller, a warning to the tempted. At the conclusion of his address Dr. Quick was heartily applauded. ; The following programme was then success fully rendered :—Introduction (waltz), Mr. ]I. Monaghiin's band; song, Mr. T. O'Callaghan; song, Mr. Webb; recitation, "The Bells," Mr. Palliser; song (comic), Mr.'H. M. Marks; read ing,' Mr. H. Jackson; song,'Mr. M. Maoolioy; recitation, Mr. O'Brien; song, Mr. W. Bradley; song (comic), Mr. G. Hobsonj recitation, Mr. 0, M'Evoy; song, Mr. G. Pallett; song, Mr. Webb; recitation, "Bingen on the Rhine," Mr. C. M'Evoy; duct (cornet), Messrs. Whitlam and Code. • s At the conclusion a vote of thanks to Dr. Quick was carried by acclamation on tho motion of Mr. H. M. Marks. Dr. Quick, iu reply, stated that it was an honor to preside at such a gathering, while the preparation of the paper he had read was a labor of love. ; The proceedings terminated with the singing of the "National Anthem." 