OUR LONDON LETTER, HOME AND COLONIAL GOSSIP. (MtOH ODB SPECIAL COBBESPONDENT.) :? ?['-.-. .London, March.9. ; : THE NEW BISHOP. The misunderstanding in reference to the appointment of Dr. Sandford to tho Tasmanian Bishoprio is thus explained by Bishop Bromby in this week's Guardian : — 'Sir, — A paragraph, copied from the Melbourne Argus, has been circulated in some of the English newspapers, any body at homo to select Canon Sandford for the vacant see of Tasmania.' This is not true. The TaBmanian Synod, by resolution, requested cortain Biahopa in England to make the selection, which they accordingly did. It is required by a determination of the General Synod of Australia and Tasmania that tho dele-, Kation ishould receive the sanction of tho Primate and Bishops of Australia to make tho soleotion valid. This sanotion has now been received, whioh was all that was required to convert the 'selection' into & legal- flection. — 0\. H. Bromby (Bishop). Montford, Salop, Maroh 2, 1883.' I may add that as the result of enquiry, I learn the following circumstanoes : — Dr. Sandford had no share in tho premature \- publication of the news of his selection. The ?publication proceeded, probably from the au thorities at Lamboth Palace. It appears that Bishop Bromby, not ? having his papers, etc., unpaoked, had forgotten the exactly correct course of procedure in connection with the selection of a Bishop for Tasmania. Dr. Bromby was under the impression that the appointment needed confirmation by the Australian Episco pate, and so led the Bishops associated with him, under the minute of tho Tasmanian Synod, to pass a resolution nominating Dr. : Sandford to the Australian Bishops ' as a fitting olergyman ' for appointment. Whop, some tir/.e afterwards, the la\vs of the.; General Synod of Australia came to be read it was discovered that this was premature|and not in proper form. It was pre \- mature inasmuoh as the delegation ' to the Archbishop of Canterbury and tho Bishops re quirodj to [be approvod.'and confirmed. It was not in proper form inasmuoh as when tho delegation has boon confirmed no further re ? ference is needed to the Australian BiBhop bb to the appointment itself. What is subsequently , necessary is the oonBent of the Acting-Primate in Australia to the consecration by, the Arch bishop of Canterbury, if this is desired. The ' authorisation has now been' received at Lambeth Palace. The delegates have really hitherto ? only made their seleotion. They are now em powered to exeoute a deed of election and ap pointment. No further difficulty will arise as ! no formal or irrevocable steps had been taken 'before the mistake was discovered. Bishop' Bromby's Blight slip, whioh ocourred in the] utmost good faith on his part, thus produces no harmful results whatever. . : : -.. ,. -.' ; Dr.' Sandford has lately .worked with great, zeal in the cause of education at Edinburgh.: Thus when at a recent meeting of the Ediri-' burgh School Board a letter was submitted from the Kev. Dr. Sandford, dated 3rd February, intimating his resignation of his seat on the , Board, and his intention of retiring at tho ?expiry of tho month's notioe required by the act, the Chairman said all . the ' . members lamented that the connection of Dr. Sandford ?with the School Board had boon of so short duration, and was bo very soon to terminate. Those, however, who had boon associated with Dr. Sandford, oven for the very shortest . time, in any good work, could not but recognise his great ability, and they had all felt the attraction of his warm and generous nature. Dr. Sandford had rendered excellent service as a member of tho Board, and they might feel assured that in the distant sphere of high and responsible labour to which he was so soon to depart Dr. Sandford would, while exercising a most beneficial influence in the community generally, as ho had done for so many years in the oommunity of Edinburgh, continue to interest himself deeply andaotivoly in the cause of education, and to sympathise with all efforts made in whatever quarter to promote that cause. (ApplauBe.) While moving that the Board accept this intimation of Dr. Sandford's inten tion to resign, Professor Duff Baid ho hud to ex press their deep sense of the Iobb the Board was sustaining, and their hearty wishes for Dr. Sandford's future welfare. (Applause.) He proposed that a small committee ' be appointed to put on permanent record the appreciation the Board had of Dr. Sandford's services/ and that at next meeting the Board proceed to elect a member in room of Dr. Sandford. The Bev. Wm. Balfour, in seconding tho motion, re marked that his only regret was' that Dr. Sandford should not have accepted a bishoprio nearer home, and so have allowed the Board Btill to enjoy his services. This Dr. Sandford might have done by becoming a Presbyterian, and thereby becoming a veritable soriptural bishop; (Muoh laughter.) ' 'THE LAST AUSTBALIAN.' CasseVs Magazine far Maroh has some lines thus headed, whioh are mainly interesting beoause they are Australian. As a matter of faofc I believe tho heading ought to be ' The Last Tasmanian,' as you are the only colony that has lost all its aboriginals. The death scene is thus depicted : — ' The Bhadow deepenB on his faoe, For 'raid the spectral gums waits death ; A dingo's sudden howl swells near— : He stares once with a startled gaze, As, half in wonder, half .in fear, Then sinks back on his unknown bier.'. After this, we presume, he dies. By the way, The Quiver has an article describing how the present Bishop of Melbourne noted as curate at Sheffield. COLONIAL GEOGRAPHY. That long standing source of complaint whereon such quantities of Australasian printers' ink have been expended is about to be largely remedied. The British youth are to be drilled in colonial geography systematically. Blr. Frederiok Young, hon. see of the Royal Colonial Institute, wrote, to Mr. Mundella,' M.I'., 'Vioe- President of the Council on Educa tion, last month, pointing out the importance of having colonial information diffused more thoroughly throughout England. Mr. Young also made tho important announcement that tho Council of the Colonial Institute have under consideration a proposal to offer prizes to scholars in Board sohools in England for the best essays on colonial subjects.1, Air. Mundella's reply to Mr. Young is thus : — 'Education Department, Whitehall. 25th February, 1883. Sir,— I am 5n receipt of your letter of the 24th instant, expressing the opinion of the Boyal Colonial Institute n.a to the desirability that special prominence should be given in the oourse of instruction in Board schools to the teaohing of such subjects as the geographical position, history, olimatco, and re sources of all' the British colonies.' I am glad to find myself in entire agreement with the Colonial Institute in.thiB respeot. In tho now code whioh.has boon provided by this depart ment, not only for Board sohools but for all the Eublio elementary schools of tho country, we ave made geography one of the class subjects whioh may be taken throughout tho sohool from the lowest to the highest standard; and in Standardly., which is tho lowest standard at whioh any child can pass out of Bohool in any part of Great Britain, tho requirement is the toaohing of the 'physical and political geography of tho British Isles, British North America, and Australia, with kr.owlodgo of their pro ductions.1.. In Standard VI., the requirements are ' geography of the world gen«rally, and es pecially of tho British colonies and depen denoies ; interchange of productions ; circum stances which determine climate.' I am glad to note that you are about to give prizes for competition for tho best essays on colonial sub jects, and I havo no doubt this will have the olfect of stimulating this very important nnd useful branoh of education. — I am, Sir, yours faithfully, (Signed) A. J. RIundella.' Though tho term 'Australia' does not include Tasmania — and Mr. Mundella, by-the-by, in; stances English geographical ignorance by using 'Australia instead of 'Australasia'— wo may venture to hopo that English boys and girls will nevertheless bo instructed in things Tasj manian. ? . . ! ' K. A. PHOOTEB, , . , i your whilom astronomical visitor— no reference to- tho comet — has been lecturing very success fully in London, and has just survived the honour of having his portrait issued in the Vanity Fair Beries of notable men. Vanity always gives a crisp little biography in illustra trntion of its coloured portraits. Thus we aro told that Procter studied at Cambridge twenty years ago, worked up seveial languages, and showed so much proficienoy in mathematics that he might easily have came out the Senior Wrangler of his year. However, he was lazy,; and preferred shooting and rowing to 'stowing' for the Tripos. Soon after this time Overend and Gurney'B colobrated failure ocourred, and Procter was ruined and thrown on his own re sources. He at once set to work and published a notable little book on cyoloids. Then he went in for astronomy as a profession, and became seoretary to tho Koyal Astronomical Society, much to the disgust of tho old fogies of astronomy, in whoso paths he did not obediently follow. He tben lectured in America and Aus tralasia, and wrote vory numerous astronomical works. Next ho married an American lady, and thereupon started Knowledge, whioh has become a popular scientific journal. Procter is, 45, 'has invented a new theory of the uni verse, and is afraid of getting vory fat.' Soi says Vanity, whioh in spite of a red-hot Gon-j servatism which renders its utterances often; grotesquely one-sided, is nevertheless a racy; limb of the Press. i SIB JOHN FBANKLIt.'. ? ! ' Few TasmanianB probably who have visited ; London have failed to Btahd awhile . meditating before the memorial to their, renowned ex-. Governor as it rests in Westminster Abbey. Some maybe will remember the beautiful lines j which Tennyson' wrote on his friend, and which stand out prominently on the memorial stone : — 'Not here ; the white North has thy bones, and thou , . '...?'? Heroic sailor soul, Art passing on thine happier voyage now . Towards no earthly pole.' Macaulay has told us of the difficulty and labour with which epitaphs that read so smoothly are produced, how tho words are trimmed and trimmed until they will bear inspection from every point — nothing superfluous, nothing wanting. Probably these four lines moan hours of thought. Certainly they me noble. So famous aro they that a book has just been published containing 165 translations into Latin and Greek of the epitaph. Each one is by a different hand, and one-third only arc Latin. Of these several are very harmonious, but none I think have the simple majesty of the. English original ; the shortness of tile second line has compelled the hexameter translators to add 'padding.' Of the Greek 1 cannot speak pemonally, but believe the translators have been very happy in several instances. Some Tasmanian classicists may like to buy this little book. CABLYLB AND HIS WIFE. A most interesting contribution to the dis oussions on the home character of Oarlyle is supplied in a volume, just issued, of letters between Oarlyle and Emerson from 1831 to 1872\. The .stern difficulties againBt' whioh Oarlylo had to oontend are well portrayed, and it is abundantly clear that there was a strong vein of love and of sympathy in bis nature as manifested by actions. The idea that Oarlylewas very harsh in his home, and that his wife led a very wretched life, is quite contradioted by Emerson's evidence. He notes in his diary in 18J8 that he bad been staying for many days with ' the Carlyles' at Chelsea. This is his testimony : — ' Oarlyle and his wife live on beautiful terms. Their ways are very engaging, and, in her book-cases, all his books are inscribed to her as they came from year to year, each with some significant lines.' Pro fessor Norton, the editor, was a near friend of both Oarlyle and Emerson. There are signs already that Professor Tyndall's prophesy will come true, and that the grand true .man Oarlyle will presently itand forth in his glory far above the misunderstandings and cavillings whioh succeeded his death, just as a grand mountain, as the day wears on, raises its head proudly and gloriously 'above the mists whioh in early morn obscured it. 'BIOHABD'S HIMSELF AGAIN !' Which quotation with due apologies may happily be applied alike to Mr. Gladstone and lo Mr. Fawcett. By a ourious coincidence both the Premier and the Postmaster-Goneral, after absence caused by illness, entered the House of Commons far the first time this session on Monday, March 5. Mr. Fawcett came in first, and was greeted with loud cheers, whioh aptly illustrated the very kindly feeling whiob every where prevails towards the blind Postmast-sr, whose life recently hung in the balance. But the greatest enthusiasm was of course mani fentod when the Primo Minister, about 5 o'clock, walked quietly in and sat down on the Treasury Bench. Mr. Gladstone had arrived from the Continent at Charing Cross on the previous Saturday, af tei having spent three days in Paris on his way from Cannes. In Paris he had in terviews in a friendly way with tho President nn-l various Ministers, and it is hoped that the explanations given and the confidences ex changed will have materially tended to clear up the little misunderstandings as to action in Egypt, whioh havo arisen between France and this country. Mr. Gladstone now looks quito well again. Ho is brown a? a berry, and walks with elastio , step utterly different from tho Blow hesitating walk of 'two months ago. Mr. Gladstone certainly has marvellous recuperative powers, and his case ia a striking example of whit the vis tnedicatrix natural can accomplish in a Boptuagintarian when aided by the warm breezes of tho Mediterranean. Tho Conservative Press deolarea that Mr. Gladstone will not again resume, his full leadership of the Commons ; ho will, like Pnlmers'on in his latter days, leave the mass of tho work; to his liou tonants, and confine himself more to excroiso a goneral control over matters of policy than to tho fighting of debate. Yet it will go hard with the old war horso! but ho will be in the fray. On the very first day he needs must speak. But fii that anon. TJio thought that Gladstone has, if tho Conservative authorities are right, and they probably are, takon tho first stop towards that final retirement whioh ore many years must certainly come, makes one critical as to his suc cessor. Lord Hartington has acquitted himself during his chiof's absence with more ability than was expooted. But ho is only slow and BeiiBible ; he docs not add to these excellent qualities the enthusiam and overpowering per sonal influence of tho Premier — and of oourse bos not Gladstone's oratory. In Gladstone's absonoe Westminster has been like Hamlet without the Ghost. THE BBITI8H IN EQTPT. The papers of all sorts of political belief havo boon protesting against the proceedings of the Indemnity Commission in Egypt. The Egyptian Government have invited applications from those seeking indemnities, and have stated that they mean to appropriate . £3,500,000 to meet the same. So all tho persons injured in mind, body, or estate, at Alexandria, havo been send ing in claims, most of which, from rascally Germans and Italians, and Bulgarians, and Swiss, are three-fold groater than by the most liberal calculations they ought to be. Yet. it would appear that the miserable Egyptian Government will bo cajoled by foreign diotatibri to pay up to the full. Tho thing is scandalous,' and if allowed to be carried out will deserve to rank witli the extortions of Pigarro and Cortes, exacted from equally defenceless viotitns. Touohing our occupation in Egypt, Jjjrd Hartington, the other day, stated pretty definitely that we ? should withdraw in six months or so. Gladstone' on March Gth spoke as follows : - ' My noble friend the Seoretary for War referred to a cortain period within which ho thought it possible we might withdraw from Egypt, and that reference has been understood in a great degree by the right hon. gentleman opposite as a statement that wo wore to withdraw from Egypt within that. Eeriod. What my. noble friend expressed was is hope ; and. that hope was the impression which he received upon suoh a review of the circumstances of the case as in the present development of the oiroumstanoes is practicable. What my noble friend and what wo all feel is, ' in the first place, that we have an important purpose to. accomplish in Egypt, ana in the second place, when that purposo is accomplished we are sincerely desirous to withdraw. (Hear, hear.) But with regard to a definition of time it iB impossible to venture beyond an' expression: of hope, because it is evident that .the . purpose we havo in view must regulate tho time to be' employed, and that a fixed ' and arbitrary! time i should not be permitted to interfere with the attainment' of that i purpose. (Hear, hear.) I think I may; soy this, that tho definition of; tho objects : for whioh we are in Egypt has been explicitly made upon more than one ocoasion to the House. ? We are there for the establishment of order and stability ; wo are there for the im provement] of the institutions of the country; we are there to seouro as far as depends upon us tho fulfilment of international engagements, and we are there undoubtedly in a principal de groe with referenco to the freedom and security of the great passage by the Canal from one sea to the other. (Hear, hear.) But if theBe were matters whioh were entirely and absolutely in our hands it might be right and a part of our duty that we should from time to time state exnotly the points whioh we had reached in the adjustment of these matters ; but it will be borne in mind that we are there not as the . masters, but as the friends and advisers in the first instance of the Egyptian Government, and that with respeofc to many of the purposes for which we are there other nations have interests, , and not only interests but rights just as definite , and just as undoniablb, as our own. (Cheers.)' Therefore we can state nothing definitely at present.' . , OUB ABMT. ' The army estimates of tho ooming fihaiioial year state the expenditure at £15,606,700. There ia a considerable increase, but of this £31,000' is contributed by the fact that in 1884 February has 29 days, so that the finanoial year is ono day longer than in 1883. So we spend £31,000 a day on our Boldiers, and about the Bame on our navy ! The army reserve is to be consider ably increased. The number of our regulars, auxiliaries, and reserves is set down at 636,951 men. But many of these men aro, like the Frenoh army of 2J millions, only on pnner. The effeotivo strength of our army, from all sources, is 555,435 men ; of these, 62,000 afo in India. There are 247,921 volunteers, of whom 207,366 were effective last November when told. THE DANUBIAN OONPEBENOB. The results of this Conference of representa tives of the Great Powers will be telegraphed to you. I just want to note that although the Conference is sitting at the Foreign Office in' Whitehall, London, and is presided over by Lord Granvifle, yet we know 'no more about its proceedings than if it were sitting in KamtschaTtka, About ' 6 p.m. when the Conference breaks up we may sea Bussian, French, German, Austrian, Turkish, Servian, Italian, and; English repre sentatives rolling away in their carriages from the doors of the Foreign Office. Bat ' the great men give no token, and the silence is un broken.' Jin the evening, maybe over grand dinner tables, there are mysterious hints, but said hints never go direot into the English Press. Wo Bee in our morning papers telegrams from Paris and Berlin stating that ' suoh and suoh a resolution wois arrived at in the Conference at London yesterday,' and we accept this round about method of getting information. I suppose the foreigners send confidential reports to their Governments, and the details leak out in countries whore the Press is moro closely con neoted with the Government than in London. Any way wo havo to go from homo for news of what ocours daily at the Foreign Office. BEJtEDV FOB IBISH DISTBESS. Something besides Arrears and Coercion Acts aro requisito if we want to raise the condition of the Irish peasantry. There nre two alterna tives— (1), help them to emigrate and settlo upon land whore conditions aro moro favour able, or (2) arrange bo that they may get more and better land in Ireland. At present the emigration theory of relief finds most favonr, and vast efforts are being made to .get the wretched Irishmen away to fronh fields and pastures new. The landlords desiro nothing hotter than to got rid of the Irish population, as there is then a prospect of the places of 'ino rent' Irishmen being filled by a better olass of people. But there ought to bo a rem'edy without driving tho population out ot tho country. Ireland is very thinly peopled in deed, and the population is constantly becoming less and less, so that tho meatiB of subsistence for thoso who remain ought to bo increased. This is ono of the latest proposals in tho newspapers towards reclaiming the Irishman without driving him out of house and homo : — ' A real and permanent remedy oan bo easily found, if our legislators will but oarry a little farther that interference with tho absolute power of landlords which they have already recognised as a principle in tho Land Act. An examination of the literature of tho Irish Lund Question will, I think, show that as a rule whorevor tho holdings aro of adequate size and the routs not exorbitant tho Irish peasant, far from being a half-starved pauper, is comparatively well off and ablo to save money. The Land Act ensures that future rents shall be fair ; it is only neces sary to ensure that holdings shall bo adequate, and the problem will bo Bolred. For , this purr poso local authorities must have power to take any land from' wbioh the people have boon cleared Bince the grout famine, or suitable por tions of mountain .land or large grazing farms in any distriot, to be let at fair rents and in such quantities as may be desired.' Not only are enormous areas in the central parts of Iroland ocoupied in grazing farms of many square miles each, but evon in the poverty-stricken West .there is probably ample land to double, the size of tho present holdings. In Mr. Tuke's ' article in the Con temporary Review^ of April last he gives the number of holdings in the fivo distressed counties of Donegal, Mayo, Galway, Glare, and Kerry, as 158,400, and tho cultivated aores as 940,500, being an average ' of almost exaotly Bix aores per holding. But in 'Johnston's General Gazeteer,' published in 1871, 1 find the cultivated land of these five counties given as 3,007,000 acres, or nearly four times as much as Mr. Tuke gives ; while the total area is nearly double this, ,or (3,141,000 aores; and it is well known that a portion of mountain land added to a holding will often mnko all the difference between comfort and starvation. If the. land of Ireland is thus thrown freely open to the peasants of Ireland, to bo hold at fair rents, on a Reouro tenure, and in adequate quantities, no moro will be heard of perennial destitution. This is the only way to right the wrongs of long years of oppression and an unbroken succession of evictions and confiscation, and till this is done no remedy will be found for distress and famine in Ireland.' . 