COMPLIMENTARY TEA TO REY. A. J. CLARKE AT CHEWTON. Last: evening a complimentary tea was ten dered to the Rev. A. J. Clarke, who recently, concluded a scries of evangelistic services at the Wesley an Church, Chewton. Notwithstanding the unfavourable state of the weather a large number of persons, both young and old, : sat down,, to an excellent repast in the Oddfellows' Hall.' The catering arrangements wore carried out by Mrs Rees, of Chewton, and that lady is desorving of commendation for the excellent re past which she had prepared. The following ladies presided at the tablos : — Mesdames Rees, Stead,' and Waite, assisted by Misses Foley (2), Archer, Oarthew, Rees and Lipplegocs. After the tea a public meeting was held iri the Wes-; leyan Church, which' was crowded to its utmost capacity.' ,Ir Clarke conducted the meeting, and' on the platform were the' Rev; W. Gould and the Rev. G. Falkingh'am. After a' hymn had been sung, a prayer was offered up by the Rev. Mr Clarke and others. Several persons., after wards related their experiences. Mr Clarke said that ho was not going to preach a sermon that night. . His father had told him that it was very good to give advice, and he was now going to give the young 'and others before him advice. 1 He remembered whon ho attended the Church of England— lie was hot going to say anything derogatory of" that church— but they used to say among them selves, " God be merciful to us, poor sinners." If wo were to observe such characters as he had seen at the Royal Park the other day, viz., tho "porcupines," some professing Christians would characterise some people now-a-day's as stiff' - necked and stiff" - jointed ' Christians." (Laughter.)' He believed in a man obtaining truths and adhering to them, and he entreated all to obtain these, cherish them, and stick to tliem. Ho gave brief illustrations descriptive of tho manner which was pourtrayed by .several persons in relation to Christianity, dwelling principally upon narrow-mindedness and' close- iistedness. He did not want any of tho young converts to' become "jelly-fish" Christians. They should have some stability and firmness in reference to their Christianity. He hoped that they would be strong in the world, and get to know the Bible in all its forms and phases. Some people ridiculed that book, and .doubted its authenticity, but there were statements in that book which no sceptic could face. He again entreated his hearers to learn ttoFtruths contained in the Bible.' He had been ; asked what ware the best truths in it, and he; 'had remarked - that- the lives " of the "moir "and women mentioned were the primary truths. What had . effected; '-changes in? the j mode of life in sevpral persons around us, .'.he asked ? He could tell them .that, the Bible had done so. If we were united hand to hand, heart to heart, and soul to soul, victory would bo achieved, and they would find ' their way eventually to the Heavenly mansion. - He then spoke a few words from the 1st chapter of the Acts of the Apostles and 8th verse. — " But ye shall receive power, after that (ho, Holy Ghost is , coma . upon you ; and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jeru salem and all Judea, and' in 'Samaria, atjd unto the uttermost part of tlio earth." An impres sive dissertation was delivered by the speaker, during which he remarked that brotherly feeling Bhould exist among all. Tliero was not ono castaway who had not a soul to save, thor'oforo, it behoved them to indulge in prayer with every one, so that Christianity cpuld be impressed with vigour and" strength upon- the in'ost degraded. They would live happy, and would be rewarded in the . Great Hereafter. Ho was reading the other day orb review which was being held in Austria or Germany, and just as the horses had galloped off a little girl rushed in front of -tho infuriated animals, but one of the horsemen, amidst great shouting, sprang from his horse and saved the little child from a terrible death. Ho was rewarded by an Empress, who placed a medal upon his breast. This was an instanco, ho mentioned, in relation to Christ saving his peo- plo from tho bottomless pit. Tho time was coming when: all would hear the welcome cry, "Well done," and ho remarked that tlioso who were firm in the faith of Christ would receive a starry crown after they had fihishedinthis earthly world. The Rev. G. Falkingham spoke in reforonco to Hie success which had attended Mr Clarke's mission in Chowton, and ho was pleased to see so many converts in their midst. Tho'Ttev. W. Gould also spoko in congratula tory te'i'pis of Mr Clarke's visist to Chewton, and stated'that the success which had attended his Borvices was commendable in every respect. After some hymns lind been sung, and a prayer offered up, the audience dispersed. This ovoning a sixpenny toa will bo given in tho Oddfo)Tows' Hall at 7 o'clock. ' 