A TBTJE STOET. Some years ago I bad occasion to tale a long journey to the north—& journey wbieh -would involve my travelling all night. A few days before I had received an invitation from a Mend of mine, who lived at a town which I had to pass, to dine and stay the night at his house—an invitation whicli I gladly Accepted, as it would prove a pleasant break in the monotony of the journey. I resolved, therefore, to so arrange matters as to arrive at his house in time for dinner, and proceed to my destination next morning. When the day arrived I was very bosy; so, after a hurried lunch, I packed up a few neceSFarie? and rushed off to the station, where I anived ■with jnst a minute to spare. I asked for my train, which the conductor pointed out, add ing, " If yon don't hurry up, sir, you'll lose it." I took his advice and jumped into the nearest car, the door of -which stood open, and in which there was but one other oceu pant. I settled myself for niy journey, and for the first time I had the leisure to observe my fellow-traveller. Now I rather pride my self on being a judge of physiognomy, and my first impressions of him were the reverse of pleasant. He was evidently a fidgety, ner vous sort of man. He had restless grey eyes, without much expression in them, while his hair and beard were of a redi?h hue. He was dressed in along ulster, which I thought quite unnecessary, for, though it was late in the year, the weather was by no means cold. There was on the seat beside him a small oaken box strongly bound with brass, and his eyes were constantly glancing from this box { to me in a way that I did not all like. I began to have visions of plots, infernal ■ machines, and X do not know what. After regarding me steadily for a few minutes, he said— " It is possible, sir, that you are not aware of this carriage being reserved for State officials ? " I looked around, and seeing no indication of the fact, replied that— " I was not aware of such being the case." " Then, sir," he replied," I must beg of yon instantly to vacate it, and leave me here in solitary silence." Considering that the train was going at the rate of about forty mile® an honr, and -would not stop until it reached a small station, half ■way to my destination, in about, an hour's time, I could not quite see why I sh >wld com ply with his request, or rather command; and I frankly told him so, adding that I had as much rieht there as be had, and did not intend moving." He replied with a most solemn air," Then your fate be on pour own head." This began to frighten me, for the man's manner convinced me that he must be insane; and the prospect of an hour's journey in a car with a madman was not calculated to raise my spirits. However, I put n bold face on the matter, and affected to he entirely en grossed with my newspaper, th mib. in Teality I was watching his every movement. He suddenly seized hold of the vo den box a-'d held it on his knees, mumbling inavfcicu'ate •words, then suddenly replaced it. be«ide him. In doing so I caught a glimpse of the butt of a pistol sticking out. of his pocket. I had nothing more defensive than an umbrella and a roll of papers, which, in consequence of their length, I wa« compelled to carry in my hand. Presently he besan aeain— "Have you 6tndied the marrellous powers of electricity, may I ack ?" I replied in the negative. " I have," said lie ; " and have arrived at such a pitch of perfection that, aided by the contents of this box, I could blow this train and everybody in it to infinitesimal atoms " " But," I hazarded, " how about yourself ?" "I should calmly mount into the air and survey the scene without injury." " Row?" said I. " That," he replied, " is my business; loolc to yourself." Pleasant this, for me! However, I made some remark which Beemed to satisfy him ; and he lapsed again intoeilence. I felt very sorry for him, in spite of my* dangerous situ ation. : I then tried' another tack, and made several commonplace remarks to him—to all of which he answered' in monosyllables, sud denly bursting but witli— " Do you dare to address me, sir, without having first-disclosed to me "who you are ? Tour temerity surprises me." I thought it best to humour him, and handed him my card, on which was inscribed " J. B. Smith." " Ha! I guessed you were a Smith: you look like one ; a blacksmith, if I may judge by the smuts on your face." Here he broke into a maniacal laugh. When he had finished laughing, he said,"Do you want to know who I am ?n\ I said I thought I might as well know his name, if he did hot mind. " Well," said he, leaning forward and peer ing into my eyes, keeping one hand on the box, " when you first jumped into the carriage I was the Khan of Tartary; but the wonders of electricity are such that I am even now changing; I suppose I may be anybody in a few hours, or even minutes." I suppose I looked surprised, for he went on, " Ah, you seemed surprised; but, perhaps, you will hardly believe that my temper quite depends on who I may happen to be. Not long ago I was conversing with some friends, and I suddenly ohanged into the King of Siam, and before they could get out of my way I bit three of their fingers off. Ton should have seen them scatter. Ha, ha, ha!" "Good gracious!" I exclaimed. "You don't mean it ?" " Oh, yes, I do ; but do not be alarmed, I am never dangerous unless I happen to assume that character." Tbat he sat quiet, and I was thankful for a little peace. All at'once, to my alarm, he said quite unconcernededly: " I feel it my solemn duty to inform you that I am changing, and that in a few minutes I shall be the King of Siam." Instinctively I looked around for some means of escape, at the same time grasping my umbrella firm, resolved at least to sell my fingers dearly. It wasn't worth while chang ing cars, as just at that moment I heard the whistle of the train announcing ihe approach to the next depdt. I collected my things together near me, so as to be prepared for a hasty exit, the more so as I noticed the feel ings of his Majesty of Siam were being worked tip into a pitch of excitement, and the way he showed his teeth would have terrified a far less nervous man than myself. As we neared the depftt the train slackened speed, and at last stopped. Just as I jumped out the maniac made a spring at me; but I fortunately avoided him, and shut the door in his face. I eot into the next car, which was empty; and as the conductor closed the door, I called out: " Here, I say, there is a madman in—" But the whistle drowned the rest of my sentariee, end the train moved off before I had time to complete it. I sat still < in a horrible state of nervousness, expecting I hardly know what. At last the train stopped at the station for which I was bound, and I jumped out. As I passed his car I could see him sitting there quietly; and I went into the stationmaster's room, and told him what had happened, ad vising him to take some means of securing him. He prom iced to telegraph, but said it was no business of his, and with that assur ance I had to be content. I then went off to my friend's house, where I arrived just in time for dinner. I suppose the traces of my fright still remained, for no sooner did I enter the dining room than my host exclaimed: " Why, what is the matter, old man? Tou have not met a ghost on the road have you?" I told him I had seen somebody a good deal worse than a ghost; and, during dinner, I related my adventure, upon which they all congratulated me on my narrow escape. After dinner I went off early to bed, pleading fatigue and the next day's business my excuse. When I awoke in the moraine I found my host ready for breakfast, and I joined him at once, as my train left in an hour's time. As I shook hands with him at the depdt, he remarked that he should like to hear of the man being caught. I transacted my business, and as I had time to spare, I turned into the first hotel I came to, and walked up into the billiard-room, where I met Fred. Charlton, an old school fellow of mine, who was playing billiards with three others. He seemed surprised to to see me, and asked roe how I got there. I told him I had come down early that morning, and I then proceeded to give him a sketch of my adventurous journey of the night before. Fred smiled, and said: " Ah, yes, old man; I heard something abont it." " You heard something ?" I said. From whom ?" " Well," he replied, •' FI1 tell you all abont it, for the benefit of the company. Old Harris, the diamond broker, told me last night that he had just came down from the city. When he had taken his seat in the car at , all alone, juet as the train started some fellow rushed in. Harris paid he did not much like the look of the fellow; and as he had about $40,000 worth of diamonds with him in a small box, he began to feel uncomfortable. He said (he stranger was a strong, active man, and if it had come to a struggle for the dia monds, Harris would have had no chance— for he evidently felt sure the fellow meant robbery; so he determined to try and frighten him oat of the car by pretending madnesss, which he says be did so effectually that the fellow, in sheer fright, bolted at the first stop page, and left him to finish his journey here alone. But we did not know that you were the hero, old man," said Fred, as the whole four burst into such a shont of laughter that I never heard before. " You must stay and be introduced to him afresh ; he will be here to-night." I did not stop to hear anything more. I rushed down s'aire, thoroughly realising that I had been made a fool, caught the first train home, and have not shown myself in that neighborhood since. 