SOCIALITIES. A SYDNEY TOPIC BY BAVAED. The famous conference of Infernal Peers; which Satan convenes in the first book of Paradise Lost-only Milton calls it a " great consult," not a conference or a convention, or a congress or a convocation-had at all events one, and I hope it is the only feaHre $n common with bur Sydney Annexation, or Federation, or Anti-jDonviot Convention,i Whose sittings have just terminated. Satan's - Korea* Consult," like the "M'llwraitS *'tn reoeoe and sioret .conclave sat* The policy of thatniethod of sitting, which [ am free to Admit was adopted in opposition5 o tfce expressed views of your delegates, has j lot bfeen juBtifiedby insults. One chief insult, ] iron remember, ^rlucjbi the exclusion of! the; press Wbs ixpected to compass was the snp- - poMd'4mman%i bftlrt Convention fr6r^ Pus1 litoeatarytotetpellatfons; on the . principle.; p «*! ell, tbeeerene f&ct; ia, that the dbwce-been' interpellated, and1 *e*-i iked. about tb,e, dpings of the tonvfenMofo 1 -Dafid, of Course, tookcui innings on the Painter-catting prAustr&liald; independent tiaket, but he Aid hot We m limiiliair Witfy David's inUi^wripm ,.|^d jnw»wfpld ,,^lu<^twp£ ift/iWR.'jW <bw«1*I mtSflw, i principally i because 3 r, the ? ?, hallucinition of iteldfcy i^ with JH^d.1 fetfAiii; /ohti; . fcteadfeiit o|t5 :'Jifamor^ be in a most distressing state of pania He spoke of the Federal Council Bill as if it were designed to bring onr dearly beloved constitution tumbling down in fragments to the ground. Mr. Stuart did bis best to ex plain matters and pacify him; but his success was not absolute by any means. So you see, one of the specific objects sought by exclud ing the stenographer from the deliberations of the Notables was far from being fulfilled. The convention was spoken o! by the leader of the Opposition with undisguised derision, its solemn misBion was pooh-poohed, and its darling bantling, the Federal Council Bill, and its authors were worried with as mulsh. gusto | and as - little ceremony as if the House had go>t into committee on the Becond reading of ] it. That attetopt' to .vilipend ! the dele gates, and vilify th$}r (ioings, would hardly have been made if proper reports of-their j speeches in dealing with the various resolu tions brought forward had been published, but the llimsy, opaque, and inaccurate sum maries of the proceedings which appeared in the daily papers, were calculated to vex and mislead mttch more than to enlighten. I do not wonder, therefore, that disparaging com ments upon those proceedings were indulged in, and in the very place where they were especially deprecated. I rather wonder that | the comments were not more general and more hostile. Then even the delegates them selves waxed wroth at their mis-reported j utterances, and more than once found them selves obliged to correct the blunders of amateur reporters, or to knock a little day light into their misty and mystifying para graphs. The miserable abstracts of the proceedings doled out to the Herald, merely whetted the appetite of our people, many of whom-this will perhaps be news to Sir John Robertson after having heard all he had to say in defence of bis settlementof the land question in 1861, thought they might be excused for displaying I a little interest in the doings of the delegates. | But there could be no sustained interest in their doings when the style of reporting them was so meagre, and the reports themselves so full of blunders. " The hungry sheep look up and are not fed." But food was just what the sheep wanted. They wanted to know just as much about the annexation and federation questions as about the Land Bill, and they had to put up with skeletons of resolutions, ghosts of speeches, and paltry driblets of proceedings. What wonder if Bome voted the whole thing a mystifica tion or a sham, and if others voted it a Vic torian dodge, having no other object than to entrap the blameless hyperboreans-(I ought rather to say tbe guileless antipodeans)-into a one-Bided compact, which Parliament would' never ratify. A writer in The Australasian of Saturday I lectured our delegates rather severely for their frigid reception of your missionaries and their gospel of annexation, and told as that our suspicions were ridiculous and merely childish.- I dare say he is quite right, and that we Ought to be ashamed of our selves for our lukewarmness. But somehow the impression still haunts us that pre federal Victorians will never altogether for give New South Wales for being the parent, and the bigger colony. We are not, perhaps, quite bo apprehensive of what Mr. Service euphemistically calls the "unification" of Victoria as the Tasmanians appear to be; although doubtless after, unifying yourselves j at the expense of the tight little island across i the Straits, your unfederated politicians would try and repeat the unification experiment at the expense of that strip of our territory known as Riverina. We nave long watched your commercial politics on our southern frontier, some of us have heard of your stock tax, and wonder why your statesmen seem always to be racking their ingenuity to invent new intercolonial complications and grievances for us. It is not onr fault that you have proscribed scores of your best public officers and protected thousands of your best artisans into our unoffending colony. Patron age and protection of course must have their victories. But you really must not be sur prised at our "childishness" (although we are the parent stock) if, after more than 10 years' experience of political over-reaching (during which you have^at times over-reached both us and yourselves), we took a little breathing time to scrutinise the motives of your last batch of emissaries before deliver ing ourselves over to their enchantments. It is not heroic to tell tales out of school, but it is an open, nay, even a public, secret that between the Victorian, South', Aus tralian, and New Zealand contingents there was a sort of understanding of "solidarity," as the diplomatists would put it It was Cerally believed that your representatives rehearsed their several parts, and that certain speeches had not only been prepared and conned by their spokesmen, but had even been handed to the reporters as escrows" not to be published until delivered. People even went so far as to declare. that the real con vention sat at Petty's Hotel, not in Mac quarie-street There was a suspicion, or jmore than a suspicion, of cut-and-driedness about certain matters, which prompted cau tion. Your Attorney ^General had evidently been told off to wait on ours; your " Extinct Volcano" never ceased to threaten eruptions when our Treasurer began to expatiate, and your Premier-that curious " Scotch Mixture " of shrewdness and impetuosity was the Convention Hotspur, whose business it was, on all occasions, to force the general running, and our Premier's, bis more cau tious countryman's, hand. But all that is over, and now that we know the actual bear ings and, perhaps, the ultimate possibilities of the various articles of the convention-' agreed to , with a unanimity which' ought to be, and, indeed* is, full ol splendid promise for the puturfe-our misgivings have vanished and 9, cordial understanding takps itbeir'place. We feel, that is to say those who' i have watched affairs with any degree of ijfi ' telligent eymp&thy.that; the first fiba has been .successfully cut, Ine first strand spun, and: ; the materials for th^first chapter of the his toiy of Feder&T; Australasia collected. 'And. this has been 'done at "Sydney J We should: jbe proud and jgtateiul'that the capital of the] mothier colony of the Australian IfroUp hasi been' chbsen lor "the w#ae, of;^"epbch-; niaMnjgevent"(thephrsse rathe PaH Mtitt 6fo5^«),todrprou&aiid; grateful ttat loyalty:J moderation,andgobd, sense 'havfc conducted', the' -colonial ; rtpresentativtt'? ^as sembled to a wise and. eMutetory basJa of Agreement,^ which, imore thtuawiy coheir, event of Auainrallftn inceptioh, ,"will g6 Britain, cawyingon its face the impress of healthyi'. spontaneous, «nd! far- reaching statesmanship. Xord Hosebery strupk the renuine'note - in hiaepeech ^Saturday's banquet. - Thereonvjenfcion, according to him, praye??o^«^Slidation of the AustlralLn colonies. WiM aiiyofiour Iwjisltitunwidiaavow 1 policy whidi is capable of udch & descrip tion? Or will any of thun W invited to -epeatthe old ^»atriotlc anathema, "PertatU jui atO« .lids* ndtfm for the selfish purpose of disparaging what they believe in, bnt did not have the fortune to initiate T 