OUR CALIFORNIAN LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.] San Francisco, October 5. 1883. We have had a number of titled visitors in San Francisco of late, and it begins to look now that the world has been practically ensmalled by the multiplication of raDroaaVaaif California is at last invaded by Europeans In tto "grand tear." Sir Sydney Waterlow and Us lady were among the number, and the dirtingnirimd londooer took ? good deal of interest in gar local instt. tntions, matins the schools and nuking addresses to the scholars. He told theaof hit early struggles In life, and how he learned Ua ttade as ? printer, impressing on their young mind* at Che aame time the necessity of energy and perseverance in any calling they might adopt. Sir Sydney* wife was a Miss HamfltoD, and for several yean before the raited England, when aha married, resided inthiscity. Perhaps this fact lent an added charm to the ex-Lard Mayor's visit, and made him, in e> imasnm, feel at home among onr people. At any rate be appeared to enjoy himaelf hugely, and when he left with hia family, on October 11, by the ?tennnr Qftptfc*. for fM?* *nH Japan, did co with ui>n?n?l regret. Then we had another notability in the pcratm of Gladitone'a ardent friend and admirer, Lord Bvebery, wboahncameaooompanifidby hii lady, fUt Bothachad—not a beauty by any means, but a good, hearty ant of woman of the wlHalslds oriental type. She vent on Tina of enquiry and mercy amaog the poorer Jewish population of San Francisco, and leftanma of money with the rabbis of the difiersnt eynagogiiee to lie distributed among her needy compatriots. Fcom the Bothschild to the poorest Polniach, the interdependenoe of Abraham'a race ia never lest or forgotten, and a Jew will never ?offer physical want with another Jew's know ledge. Bosebery and his good lady go to Australia by the steamer Zfalandia, leaving at date, and this fact reminds me that I omme across a number of the London World the other day, which alludes to his journey, the writer being evidently a colonial, and acquainted at the same time with the aristocratic tou rists' antecedents. He dwells on the lord* probable experiences at the antipodes, and says he will meet there many Scotchmen who when boys ran about Dalmeny. and who ??mindit the old laird weeL" ''The Victo rians," says the writer, pursuing the theme, "will carry *""* to BaUarat mxut Sandhurst and show him the now silent Eureka Flat and Forest Greek, when once thousands noonthousands of stalwart minerajpliad the pickaxe and rocked the cradle. They will take him to Philip Bussell's beautifal sheep station of Camgham and show him, primus inUr pore*, the merino ram which the un daunted Russell bought under the hammer for the little bagatelle of 1,400 guineas. The Booth Australians will show him the dumb ghost of the once famous Buna Burr* copper nine, in which the late Mr. Defaoe was a large shareholder; and the yet lustily vital Moonta mine, which in twenty years has paid its lucky ahumhnW^n over £1900,000 on a share capital of nothing ?t' all. In New Zealand he will see a country that is surprisingly like Eogland, where it does not remind him of Scotland, except in parts which resemble the Alps, and in other parts which have the temperature nod productions of northern Italy, a country in whose glaciers he may plnck theodelwias, and from whose garden ttelisses he may pluck ripe grapes. He may visit at hotuss where bo man-servant is kept, yet his host could buy him out to the last acre and the last yearling; put down sovereign for sovereign against his countess's dowry, and then have more than enough left to maintain the modest style in which he lives. He will traverse Australia without being ?ftigrf**! by a beggar." Farther trouble is experienced with those representatives of an arrested otvOlzation, the Chinese. These people seem to have a supreme oontompt for tie laws of health and police observed by the American communi ties in which they live, and override with a stolid pertinacity all local wetrin?ons when they thisJc they can make a few , The present trouble is in regard to the fisheries. They have been steadily depleting oar btyi and riven of the finny tribe, large and small, using nets through which a tninnosr casooi escape, although the law pressribes t&e; steeof the mesh with the view of preventing the destruction of young fish, as tiie old saying ia, "all is fish that comes to a Chinaman's net." The large ones they retail at prices ouch below the market rate, and the aarcHpw, sprats, and finger-long wigglers they cure in the sun and ship by the ton to China. Scarcely a steamer leaves thii port for Hongkong that does not carry fifty or sixty tons of these inunitofimkl fishes in a dried state and an equal quan tity of shrimp*, and the dessiaated aba lone, a univalve TMlfiT** that aLoaacU on the rocks of the lower coast. The authorities have become alarmed at this wholesale de struction of the finny tenants of our waters, and have art the myrmidons of the law at work with instructions to stop it if possible. The result is the fishing Chinaman ia harrassed beyond measure, and has to pursue Mm nailing by eteamia If he is naught using unlawful nets or taking fish during a closed season his punishment is summary. The nets are destroyed, and himself arrested and heavily fined, SttU, the Coina man always has fian to ?JL An amusing incident occurred at a lunch given recently to the journalists of Villara's Korthem Pacific railroad party at Victoria, British Colombia, and the Crime Minister of that Canadian province was the hero of it The Amerinans were talking of the prosperity of the country, and the Premier replied courteously that between Oregon and British Columbia dose friendship and union existed. He waaJwntered about this, and asked if by "union" be meant prospective annexation. All *!-??*— ?"*?1"> ftt— g—??*?*?.?*miim.?. tkm to the United States Is the dearest wfefcof the Oaoadiau heart, and they only ?ray for its Mnsnmmattan to Jw hastened. uSframaaft aha a4aakvJ?ri£da^DMa\ab(iu. Sffr iSTnot? tT3d^ip*akloyirlA She ntasost etjowess, "notteed saw fndinatkmi ?f a dmha for atwwaHns. It wes p?aslais that some day in the new future British Columbia might annex Oregon, California* and Washington territory. Of course, it waa pretty waU condoned the American Union would not last, and Oat British Columbia would take in the Pacific Slope portion." The calm way in which the Pre mier thai pat the boot on the other leg rather dumbfounded iii? American guests, who can* not as yet see the joke in his speech. That he waain earnest they will not fora moment admit. ThisVOlard lart-epike-layiiigexoiir. ?ion, by the way, has bred mnch bad blood among the stockholders, became of the costliness of the hospitality. It is, esti mated the expense cannot be much leaf than a quarter of a million. Leading men were invited from Earope m well as from the different Btatee of the Union to make up the excursion, which was a gigantic one, and as the entertainment was on the moat lavish scale, money flowed like water. Villard's idea was that by this course the stock would get a "boom;" but a contrary effect has followed. In the midst of the junketing Jay Ooold made a raid, in WaU. street, on the Northern Pacific stock, and dropped it heavily. It hai not recovered jet. and the stockholders are alarmed, and naturally disgnstod at ao much money having bse? spent for worse than nothing. Bpeaklngof the VUlard excursionists recall i the fact that than was a contemswraueoai trip to Yellow Stone Park, the national park, under the auspices of Rev. John Hatch, the - capitalist, who had secured certain franchise* there, and desired to bring the attraction* of tbe plan under the attention of toarntt, American as well as Europeans. He incited teversl prominent 1"""! to nuke che journey at his expense, and now the Tributu and other papers bring grave charges of on> gentlemanly conduct against our £oglish visitors, and say > they considered the excursion a jrablic scramble, oat of which they wanted to get all they could. Tbe "noble and the aristocratic" proved themselves, according to these papers, to be very ignoble indeed. The smartest man was he who snatched first at what he wanted; and as for mutual respect aad courtesy, which are supposed to prevail between the master of the feaatand his company, a trace could not. be found. The Americana were by no means free from blame, but the want offenders ap-? pear to be the English. It is charged thai these secured the Erst and best seats at the table, careless whether ladies had a plage or sot; that they ?tared President Arthur oat* of countenance; sent all the billsfor smallest persocal expecse, tnnlnding laundry and drinkr, to their host; and were guilty of many other ?"?^n*?~ too nosnrous to men*1 Bob. There is a choice bit of scandal in high tile' being developed bars, over which Mrs, ? Grundy gloats, and which makes the thought" ? leu laugh hot the i!"M"frw ?w?ti, A young lady eaScd?aaah Alihea Hill has soed ex- ? Senator Sharon {or the purpose of oempelHng. him to acknowledge her marital rights as hu wife; but In hu answer die ex-eeMtor denies ever having married Alias HilL Tbe' marriage, according to the plaintiff, wm'l entered into on the 25th of August, 1880, < when the parties made a joint deeU* v ration in writing, nnder section 76 of the < civil coda, that they were man ami wife. There ? was no formal ovreiuony performed, either by < a clergyman or magistrate. The alleged < agreements aw pnblUhed, aad ate made the basis of Miss HifiUclain to share the bed aad < board of the ex-senator, who declares she< papers absolute furgeties—false In tatty lias, i Another featare In this case, as is nw>wr?ny reported, is that Mis* WO, who appear** come from a very good family, was worth a few lean ago some 8100.000, all of wniali Sharon borrowed and used, and having got: rid ?f her money now seeks to get rid of the girl as wdL He laughs at her claims both as a wife and a creditor. Bone comment has been made upon the last (hat Miss HOI, instead of trusting her ease to a- DTstciaas legal firm, has chosen a journalist as her champion in the igfat-a keen- witted, incisive Writer, and eewiariiing of a lawyer as well, by name of William MeGana Neflseo, who, if I mistake not, formerly lived in Geelongor Melbourne, in the colony of Vio toris. Beaton has a fondness for thu kind of modern knight-errantry, and has already fought m cause of one distressed woman tnroogb. the courts, where he cast the most expert regular practitioners Qntheotfcetaide,and,to use me expression of one of Ins opponents, "knocked them sflly* by bis powerful knowledge of the case, aad by his daring management. When Miss Hill was questioned why sbe elected to take fieilaonas her advocate instead of a regular lawyer, she simply said she could not trust any member of the bar, aa Sharon's money would prove too great* U?u?tatiuii, and she would find herself deserted at the last laoment. Meanwhile Hie lawyers look askance at the ease as a "queer ooe," aad Sharon threaten* to land all concerned in it in she Stated prison. Tbe cultivation of hops has become one of tbe most important industries on this coast, sad Is ?hfeayetoogP-?atBound, la vTashia? ton Territory. Us csnsf seat is five or six miles up the Payauup River, ?aaptying into Commencement Bay. Bear Hew Tacoma. The aoB tliere is a sort of sandy loam, con sidered for bop-raisingM practically exhaust, less, and ooe Own sand acres are devoted to that purpose this year. The planters are nearly through picking the season's yield, employing for that purpose some Gnlna men and about #.000 Sound Indians, who live within convenient distance. Some sta tistics of the business are given which may prove interesting and perhaps valuable, U hop culture is attempted in yourpart of the world. The total acreage, in Washington territory, divided into small hop farms is about 1,200, adsVthe favorite vine is the English Chester, which in this soil bears pro fusely the first year planted. The second jear these vines bear a full crop, and so far as experience in the territory goes, their vitality is perpetual. .The vines are planted rix feet apart each way, two in a hilL Poles cost about forty dollars a thousand, and are easily set on account of the soil's niello Knees. Cultivation consists of going through the rows usually six times a year with cultivator and hoe, the latter being used only to out op the weeds near the vines which *"" cultivator faQs to uproot. The coat of picking is 1 dollar per box of 25 lbs. Fuel for drying is exceedingly cheap, the woods around affording a supply almost for the catting. The dry houses and other appliances in use at present serve their purpose, bat they are not equal to those in the hop districts of New York. Planters here say that the available space for hop-raising in Washington Territory is so large that they expect in a few yean to control the markets of the world, aided thereto by the proximity of the district to water transportation. This is the district where the farmers were made rich almost by a tingle crop last year, when there was a failure in tbe Eastern ?? English hop yield, and the article rose from fifteen or twenty cents to two dollars and over per pound. The Puyallup Valley is meet desirable for all farming purposes, as the climate is proof against injurious frosts, while the summer temperature is pieaaantiy modified by the winds from the sound The bright visions of placer and quartz gold nines said to exist in that mysterious territory, Alaak&.bave been dissipated by the recent return to Ban Francisco of theSchief. felin exploring party the other day. About a yearagonevinoompany withsevenothecs, fitted outan expedition to penetrate country, by the way of too Yukon Biver, constructing for that purpote a little steamer eaUedThe New KackrtL fitted with every appliance neoesiary for such a hazardous voyage. The result is they sold the steamer after satisfying themselves by long and painful search the country "wouldn't pay" as a gold region, and came back from Sitka as passengers on board tbe United States revenue cotter Thomu Corrin. SntiitffaHn told a reporter the country ap there did not suit him, and although there is a good deil of gold to be found in places it will never be a great mining country, as it is too cold and inaccessible. He f oun? the precious metal in paying quantities about 1,000 miles from the mouth of the Yukon River, in a district full of springs. lie averaged 13 dols. a day while he worked, bat that waa not long. They came to the place on October 8, 1882, aad on the 12th everything was frozen up solid, so that they akattd all round tbe claim. Toe mercury In winter falls to 55 deg., and. often lower. There are only about three months in which gold can be washed, from May to August There is not so much timber as is generally supposed, and it is of poor quality. BehieffeUn hurried off tolios Agelos to enjoy in the orange groves of that semi-tropical /iiim?tf consolation for **** sufferings In the Arctic. HU report was a great disappoint ment to many hardy gold-hunters who hai prepared to join him on the Yakon, and if , the gold waa there to wrest it from the very jaws of the glacier itself. Bat the forces of nature axe too strong in-this instance, and so Alaska is relegated, with a eigh, to its fogs in summer and snow and ice in winter. We thought we had the yellow fever here the other day, brought from the Mexican Pacific coast ports, and so quarantined rigidly against it. We were too easily scared. The disease, of which there was seven oases on board the steamer Newbtra, was not the "yellow jack" at all, but> malignant malarial or bilious fever that has lately been ravaging Hermosillo, MaitatHn, and Gaaymas. If our medicos and health officers had paused to think for a minute they would have found there has rarely if over been a cue of yellow fever on the Pacific coast, while on the Atlantic seaboard, tha portj of TampkoaadTeraOrus are itaohosen home, and from thence it Is oonveyed to Hew Orkaba. Than is a great deal of ignorance ?inecrjr medical jaaa nt^rdlag Vetlo<r fetor. Few doctors can awnage it ?***, iatiula.ti ta^vl^stjmeJKwsAi?^wtesMrtis . . ? ''.??., - ?!? |^J .?..;? , Ji^ii.. ' - ?iiiij.aa ontoMt Jisse law can do nothing nun than saafce wfld_gueascs at the natire of the seoarge. The disease which we guarded against as vigilantly, at some inconvenl enee to the owners of the steamship, is called the tonto in Masattan! where its has, no doubt, been fright taOw bad this season, but as all the climatic conditions am against Its spread in Cali fornia, quarantine was unnecessary, and onr/ another exhibition of that zeal without knowledge so often shown by the unthinking an§ unobservant The sickness in Mexico apd Lower California has had, however, a disastrous effect upon badness, espsdaily in the line of mining machinery, of which we supplied the neighboring republic with a great quantity. Machinists by the hundred nave been discharged to await better times that may follow an abatement of the epidemic, but in the meantime the unem- P^ved workmen feels the pinching of I recollect reading that someyean ago there was a ceremony of mock solemnity performed in England, when tbe lovers of the "manly art of self-defence" met in fall conclave and boned the ropes and stakes of the " twenty four foot ring," and all the other insignia of Astisna, as a sign that then was no longer any national pride in the art. and that Ith*a been perverted to a fraud and swindle by humbngs and pretenders. Butitwoutd>eem the "ring" has been resurrected in this country, for the city is alive with "sloggcrs," as boxen are now called. Sullivan of Boston. Mace and Mitchell Of England, andSUde of New Zealand, have been resurrectionists in this respect, aad the telegraph, by reporting every morn rag accounts of their set-to's at the east, have fired the heart of young San Francisco to " put on the gloves." Every public-house of dcobtful rgmte appears to have a backroom where pogi?stic exhibitions an nightly given, aune of which are rifliftnlonniy crude and un tdentific, and more pretentious matches at our large halls are frequently advertised. It is to be noted, however, that this taste for boxing is more developed among young Irish. Americans than any other cues in the com munity. Dion Boncifiault is the supreme attraction in our theatrical world at present, and he is giving his series of Irish plays at tbe Cali fornia to overflowing houses. Thapopnlsriry of flds author actor seems never to wane, rietaritbstandine Us pieces nave been played to tatters, and he Umself has been almost constantly asrafled by the press for Iris f^utUui. as wen as for the ??*nit?i? *ii?? asil fell private life. Whatever may be the attacks made upon Boucicault, his """"-iT* cannot deny him talent) both as a dramatjt and an actor. He tens me that he intends to mske a tour of the wflnniM^ commencing in AprfllSS4. under t£e management of manager James Alluco, and then bis public career witt end. To- morrow night, October 21. some nity or seventy dtixeoi of Irish birth wiH banquet their fellow-esantryman at tibe Occidental Hotel, In -T-grrftlTn of bis | efforts in support of Fenlanism, and for the dramatic iostioe rm done Inland and the Iriih on tile ?rage. Boucicault is. In fact, befog lionised here at present. At the Grand Opera House, the Insert theatre we have in the city, Manager Best has Medwitb great success tbe experiment of cheap admission, axing the highest price for a ticket at 50 ???*?. The hoase holds abontS^OO people, and by means of the half dollar nml Imiilfjf shrug imjortiaina. beanc ceec's in bringing nearly that number together evenTnlght. '**?— nifaw Wmiuw is ?*? fevonte here, appearing in aueh A*^**i* aa {be "Licbls oVCondon," "Under ge GfJtfrt," ??? "AroonTtfae World." iw?MawinTnsate? is closfd, and likely to remidn so t and the Standard and Bode street are devoted to minstrelsy. 