HOWTHE CZA.R IS CROWNED. Alexander III. was crowned in Moscow on Sunday, the 27th of May. As the coronation is one of the most brilliant ceremonies in the world, a description of it (from a Russian source) may he read with interest. The great ceremony has always been performed in the Church of the Holy Assumption, within the walls of the Kremlin, at the ancient town of Moscow. Arriving at the Church, the Czar and his wife are shown to ordinary thrones near those of the bishops, and the special service immediately begins. After the first lesson is read, the Metropolitans conduct the Emperor and Empress to a canopy of scarlet velvet, richly embroidered in gold, the principal figure being the double- headed Russian eagle. Under this canopy is an elevated platform, upon which are the historical throne of the Czir Vladimir Mono- tnaguc and an ordinary arm-chair for the Empress, also a table upon which arc the sceptre and crown of Constantinus Monomachus, aswordanda mantle of ermine. The nobles now advance from the south of the Cathedral, and surrounding theplatformdraw their swords and place them at the feet of the Czar. The bishop of Kazan then asks the Emperor in a loud voice if he is a true believer, to which he replies by reading the Lorp's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church. The Bishop next says :—If there be any of you here present knowing an impediment fcr which Alexander, son of Alexander (or other name), should not be crowned, by the grace of God, Emperor and autocrat of all the Bussias, of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vladimir, of Novgorod ; Czir of Kazan, of Astrakhan, of Poland, of Siberia, of Kherson-Taurida, of Grousi; Gosoudar of Pskoff; Grand Duke of Smolensk, of Lithuania, of Yolhynia, of Podolia, and of Finland ; Prince ofEsthonia, of Livonia, of Courland, of Semigalia, of the Samoyedes, of Bielestok, of Corelia, of Foer, of Ignor, of Perm, of Yiatka, of Bulgaria, and of other countries; Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Countries in Novgorod, of Tchernigoff, of Biazan, of Polotsk, of Eostoff, of Jaroslab, of Bielosersk, of Odourk, of Obdorsk, of Kondisk, of Vitelsk, of MsttilafT, and of all the countries of the North; Master Absolute of Ivcrsk, of Kastilnisk,of Kabardinsk,andtlie territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain Prince of Tekerkask ; Master of Turkestan, Heir Presumptive of Norway, and Duke of Slcswick-Holstcin, of Stormarne, of Dithmarse, and of Oldenburg, let him come forward now, in the name of the Holy Trinity, and show what tho impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever! This is repeated throe times, and upon no objection being raisod ho lays his hand npon the head of tho Czar, who immediately kneels. At this point the Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle of ermine from the table, and throws it over the kneeling Czar, saying,'' Cover and protect thy people as this robe covers and protects thee ;" the Emperor replying, will, I will, I will, God helping," and kissing the prelate's hand. The Bishop of Novgorod now places the sceptre in the Czar's hand, saying, " May thine hand which holds this wither the day thou art unjust;" the answer being, " Be it so;" after which the Bishop of Kieff places the crown upon the Emperor's head. At this point the Empress kneels bside her husband, who partly covers her with the cloak of ermine, and also holds his crown above herheadfor a few seconds, without, however, placing it upon her head. Tho Czar and Czarina remain in prayer for several minutes amid a deadly silence, and the instant they rise to their feet bishops, nobles, deputations, clergy, and all present kneel to them, shouting " long live the Czar!" The cry is taken up by tho hundreds of thousands who are outside, the heralds sound their trumpets, guns are fired, and bells are rung. The Czar commands the people to rise, and is again surrounded by tho nobles, who receive their swords back from the Imperial hands, the Emperor saying, " It is thy country's," to which the noble replies, " and my Czar's." Mass is again resumed, and the Emperor proceeds alone to the altar, passing through the Golden Gates of Iconostasini, which are closed behind him, thus hiding him from view. Here, after partaking . of the Holy Communion, the Metropolitan of Moscow anoints his head, temples, eyelids, lips, nostrils, ears, breast, and hands, saying, " Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost; may it keep thee ever holy." The Gates of the Iconostasini are re-opened, the Czar appears before them, and is hailed with shouts of " Thou art verily by the Lord anointed." The Empress advances to the sanctuary and kneels to her lord, who bids her rise, and they walk out of the cathedral arm in arm. At the door is a gilded chariot drawn by 12 white horses, into which they enter, the princes, other members of the Imperial family, foreign monarchs, guests, &c.;, entering other State chariots. The procession again forms as it did on approaching the Kremlin, and with its new additions moves slowly through the gaily decorated town. According to an old custom, the Czar's carriage, instead of being guarded by troops, is surrounded by 100 maidens belonging to tho best Bussian families, all dressed in white and holiday garlands of flowers. Court balls and receptions begin in the evening and last for a fortnight, after which the Court returns to St. Petersburg. 