OUR CAUFORtttAN LETTER. FProm ourown Correspondent. ] Sin Francisco, Jane 6, 1833. As being of the greatest importance and interest to your readers, residents of a cereal producing country, the first topic I touch in the present letter ia the California grain crop of 1883. From the best informatian I can command I find tfcat the acreage secie-. to wheat is fuliy 12A per cent greater thai ia any preceding year, vao uumoer oi asrej eo devoted being, according to th: closest ' investigation 3,135,000. The oai look is - that fully twenty bushel - to the acre will be the aveuga product, tbus giving an aggregate of 63,509,000 bushels, an excess of 10,500,000 bushels as com paved with the crop of 1880— the banner year. The weather during the past sixty days has been especially favorable. 'VVe have had abundant *? latter rains,' and, as I write the mercury of the thermometer shows one of the warmest days of the season. The plant of barley, especially feed, has been largely increased, and it is expected that the outturn will be from lS.OOO.OOOto 20,000,000 bushels. Theextentof land devoted to Chevalier and brewing barley is much greater than ever before, and an abundant yield is almost positively «*ni-T%-«f3 aa -vsrail oo inomQVAli S»rVtna nf Aft*'** corn, and rje. Fruits of all kinds will also be in abundant supply, and facilities for dryicg and canning the same have been j eslargfd and improved. From Oregon and i Washington territory, Ijing to the north- j west, the crop reports are almost uniformly j good ; and in fact to indulge in a little figure i. of speech, it would seem a3 if Ceres and ! Pomona have struck bands^ this year in a t proposition to teat to the utmost the fer tility of the planted soil on the Pacific coast. Nevada aud Arizona, although hardly recognised as grain-growing States, would, if added, bring the probable cereal crop for the coast up to the grand total of 120,000.000 or over 50.000,003 sacks. Allowing due margin in calculation, the following tabulated statement is probably as fair a one as can be made of the pro spective grain yield of the coast for this season : — Calif omian wheat, basiiela .. .. 62,000,000 Do. barley, do ? 19.000.000 Do. oats and maize, do. - .. 12 £00.900 Do. small grain, do ? 4,500,000 OregbnaadWasMngtoaTemtory.vrheit, bushels ... _ ? ^16,000,093 Oregon and Washington Territory, oat s, barley, &c;, do. _ 3,000,001 116,500.001 Eftfcnate for Aiizcmi ani Nevada, bushels .. _ _ .. .. 4,005,003 120,305,000 A sudden desire has manifested itself among the landowners of California to pro mntp immioTAfcinn : the result. I lmir;» nn doubt, of the prospect of the near completion of several new transcontinental railroad lines, and the fear that the stream of able-bodied men and women seeking new homes may be diverted from our golden State. The induce ments for an agricultural population seeking small farms to emigrate to California have not been, it must be confessed, heretofore very large. But now the heavy landholders, fearing to become laud-poor through taxation and non-occupation of their property, have been moved out of their sel&A; isolation, and not a whit too soon, either. The railroad corporations, with large Government grants in the market, also deure their settlement, and between the two influences it looks as if something was really to be effected at Ia3t. Unusual pains are being taken to disseminate facts about California binds, and immigra tion bureaus have been established in Chicago, London, Bordeaux, Berlin, and Gothenburg, from which information is disseminated and advice and assistance given. -California, proposing to be the wine, country of the future, particular attention is now being directed to in ducing the people of Bohemia to 'emigrate hitberward. The Bohemians are a rural people, it is said tractable, honest, indus trious) and skilled in vine dressing and wine« making, and hence their desirability as a class of settlers in this State. Iowa, Texas, Wisconsin, ana omer western orates nave already a large representation of these useful people, and California now tardily desires to be similarly favored. Meanwhile, by means of the Northern Pacific railroad, to been tirely completed by September next, hun dreds of valuable immigrants are pouring into Oregon and Washington territory to the north of us.where lands aremoreeasilyprocured, and where the seasons are more reliable than our own. Portland, Oregon, has almost doubled itself in wealth and population daring the . past four years, while at Seattee and New Ttuuna, on Puget Sound, in Washington Territory, town lots are commanding as much a frontfoot as is asked for property in the best business streets of San Francisco.* Of course,inthecaseof the towns last-mentioned, it may be called a sort of real estate- Hurry and is unwise in that by high prices it retards settlement; bnt it also shows life and move ment and a future. It was time for San Francisco to bestir herself, leat like the pre tentious wedding guest, she might ere long begin with shame to take a lower place at this banquet of -prosperous cities. The effects of Irish and Irish- American hostility to England and English institutions ' crops out in queer places sometimes. One would scarcely think this prejudice would affect a company of players ; but it has, for all that. The manager of the Charles Wynd ham company 'Of comedians, now playing in this city, took particular care to advertise that its members were Iiondoners and English in every particular, bom in the tight little island,and trained in the Criterion Theatre. The .manager .calculated on this fact to make the company a 'go.' But he had forgotten the recent political lacerations of the Irish-American mind. So sensitive had mis large element ui our popuunum neoome in regard to everything British that in New York the Brooklyn bridge was threatened with dynamite because its formal opening happened to fall on May 24— the Qoeen'a birthday— and a formal demand was made on the directors that some carved lions be re moved from the ornamental architecture and ?eagles substituted. With as a demand, similar in its nature, was made that the municipal authorities remove gargoyles from the new City Hall, because, in their exaggera tion, the heads boresome resemblance to that of Britannia's royal beast Now, with sensible people, thiswonldbesomethingto laugh at,and theatrical company cannot afford to ignore any condition. of public feeling that affects his interest, and it is -because he has done so* in this instance that the Charles Wyndham Comedy Company, dear bought and far fetched though it ie, is proving a failure in San Francisco. They are very clever actors, particularly the female portion of the cast, and did fairly in the East, where there is a larger general population, and 'where among fiie fashionable portion a sort of mildanglo mania prevails, but here in San Francisco, which, after all is said, is pretty muoh of a Little Eedlington, where the Irish influence is so great, the financial prospect, as I said before, is qniteblurredto the managerial eyes. Another eccentricity ol human nature is to be seen in a kind of Joanna Sonthcotism that has recently sprung into existence among the native population 'way down in the almost inaccessible canons of Southern Call* - fomis. A prophetess has. come into notice. She preaches the coining of a millenium, and professes to cure by the laying on of hands. It is said the woman— a wrinkled, mummified old hag she is, too— is the widow of Joaquin Morieta, a famous bandit in the early gold days of California, who with his gang murdered and robbed in every direc- tion, till the aroused miners and rancheros armed against them under the leadership of Captain Harry Love, and the result ma that «IO&qulll; B ucuu, Jfi.va« iw *u ajBi ul uioaW| was soon on exhibition throughout California at 25 cents, a -eight. The eeeress may or may not be the widowof this famous freebooter, but certainly, in her peaceful way, she is creating quite as much of a sensation as he did in his bloody career. The Indo-CaUfornians, pure Spanish, Mexicans, Portuguese, and the people of the Latin race generally, are the most affected by the .woman's preaching:, and believe firmly in her mission. So much in earnest are they that many have disposed oE little farms in the valley, and taken up with a nomadic, hap hazard life so as to be near the prophetess. It is reported that she u curing apparently iccurablc cases of disease — opening blinded, and straightening atrabiamic eyes, and put ting hip shotten vaqueroa firinly on legs of -qual lecgth. A tew mattered words, a touch of her withered hand, and the apparent miracle ia accomplished. Another peculiar ceretnoDy is her supposed conversation -with the spirits of the 'Padres Cmtiauos,' and the missioaary Jesuits who christianized Mexico aad California. This exercise of failb. on the part of her devotees takes plaes every evening, just towards thegloamiog. They stand about the woman in a group, and- after being wrsipyed for some time Jn meditation sbe waves her hand aad the disciples pass from right to left. Through the pathway thus formed the prophetess walks . slowiy and majestically, engaged apparently in conversa tion with a presence oalyseen by herself, until the reaches the outer part of the circle, when she takes a dumb farewell of the supposed spiritual visitant or visitants, and her wor shippers prostrate themselves ia an ecstasy. The physical wants of this prophetess are few, and sho has a sort of bodyguard of haggard and pale-eyed priests, who bring her food to the prophetic cell. Athleticism is in the ascendant with us. Thews and sinews are no wall the rage ; thefine arts and the aesthetic side of life plead in vain for attention. Business men forget commerce and trade for the nonce -to discuss the merits of the last 'wrastle,' and fair and delicata ladies meeting at the fashionable modiste's, Mdlle. Printemps, forget the newest love of a bonnet while dilating on the splendid form of William Muldoon, and tho neatly turned underpinning and broad shoulders of the brawuy Scot, Donald Dinnis. Muldoon, ?who is an Irish- American, born in Oneida county, New York, is the favorite, because sucrcss, so far. has crowned his efforts. Be sides, he ia young, good-looking, a marvel of physical beauty, and only twenty-four ; whilo Dinnie has a certain Caledonian ruggedaes3 that ia not very winsome, and is fifty-two. Of course, it is quite easy to see in which direc tion the smiles of beauty would be levelled under the circumstances. Notwithata^idiag the disparity in years, Dinnie throws Mul doon, in the Scotch mode of wrestling, every round ; but whsn itconiesiotheGrjcco-Roman style, ' catch as catch can,' the New-Yorker fiiugs Ifce Scotchman around like old boots. OEe very ugly hold is ' the garrote,1' which seems likely at times to break the neck of the contestant who is unlucky enough to fall into it, as Dinnie did two or three times, and the manner in which he moved his head and rubbed bis larynx at the close of the round, evidenced some uncertainty as to whether his cabeza was rightly on hia shoulders after the rough usage it had received. A Norman wrestler named Rigal challenged Muldoon, the victorious, the other night— a short, stout, chunky fellow he was — and he felicitated him self he would escape the garrote hold, because, as he said, ' I have no neck to choke.' But, alas ! for the Norman athlete; his conquest was even an easier task than Dinnie'a. It is to be noted that these wrestling matches are popular with the fair dames of San Francisco, but it is not to be wondered at. The more delicate and effeminate the female the more _ admiration has she for masculine courage and physical force. This is as true now as it was when the Roman matrons crowded the colliseum in the classic days. 'In joining contrasts,' said Clifford, arguing the point with the rustic Julia, 'lielh love's delights. So hands of snow in palms of russet lie.' Certainly you can -give the publ:c, and es pecially the female portion, no more interest ing reading than a detailed description of these athletic contests. I have met in my experience instances where the possession of superabundance of wealth has had a deplorable effect on the. mind of the individual who could at will draw his cheque for millions. General Cass, of Michigan, was one of these. He died a tres-millionaire, but up to the time the breath left his body he was haunted by a I terror that he would die in the almahouss. I Another striking case was a very rich lumber ; merchant in this city, whose death was hastened by this fear, which possessed him so fully that he could not sleep five nights, but walked the floor bewailing, in the actual possession of millions, the presence of the ghost of possible pauperism. And now, it is said, one of our Bonanza kings is haunted in the same way. He has given up all business that has the least ap pearance of speculative venture, and confines himself to the cutting of coupons off Govern ment bonds.- With all this, however, he is a sort of Don Juan in his way, and his erratic amative course led to a divorce the other day from the wife of his earlier manhood, and the days when he wielded a miner's pick and shovel for a living. Shebad been a faith ful aad helpful wife to him till his head was turned by the accident of excessive wealth, and she would not submit to the divided affection that the changed condition of things brought about. So a divorce was quietly arranged. Proofs of her lor#a marital infi delity were submitted to the court, and he did not care to contest the case. He gave up half the property acquired during coverture, the tidy sum of 5,000.000 dollars, and so they parted. He took one of his boys and went off to Europe, while she went to her own place, to a magnificent city mansion, perhaps to mourn a dead love and the severance of early ties ; perhaps to rejoice in a release froma tiresome union so quickly and easily -accom- plished. Who 'can tell? Women are uncer- ? tain creatures, and there is not much senti mentality where there is 5,000,000 dollars in possession. ; Archbishop Yaughan, the English Catholic dignitary who arrived from his arch-diocese OI JSeW 23OUU1 ir dies uj uw u»u ateauier, him been an 'object of interest' on our streets, and has met marked attention from all de nominations of Ghristians, The ubiquitous newspaper interviewer disturbed the prelate's peace of mind almost as soon as he had landed by a categorical enquiry as to what his opinions were on the subject of the Pope's Encyclical, the Parnell fund, the condition of Ireland, the dynamite conspirators, and the Phoenix Park murderers. As soon as the archbishop recovered his equa nimity, he crushed the knowledge-seeking scribe by the pressure of a mild benignity, ignored all bis questions, and talked only about education, and the flourishing schools he had left in his archdiocese. It it be not sending coals to Newcastle, perhaps the arch bishop's own figures on this subject may be interesting to. your readers. He told the inquisitive reporter that the Catholicpopula tion of his archdiocese was about 93,600. Catholic children actually attending schools in ihe archdiocese, 15,200, ol whom 12.500 are in strictly Catholic schools, of which there are 102. The proportion of this result owing to Archbishop v aughan's Ubor is suggested . oy:tne rouowing ugurea .— in jl.o-3, in tne Sydney archdiocese, there were 31 Catholic schools ; in 1883 there axe 102. In 1873 the Catholic population was about 45,007, so that it will be seen that while the population has no more than doubled, the number of schools has about trebled. The archbishop presented a splendid figure of stalwart manhood as he promenaded our streets, and I have no doubt many a rich, handsome husband hunting' belle secretly execrated the eccle siastical polity that condemned such a man to a life of celibacy. Among those who were prominent in attention to the distinguished, visitor were Messrs. Murphy, Oliver, and Grant, leading Catholic merchants, and who for services to ihe church have been honored with knighthood by the Pope. There does not seem much cohesion in such a condition, I may remark, to be at the same time a republican citizen and a marquis of the Vatican. There has been a strenuous attempt made to get up a gold excitement in Lower California during ihe hut month, and some have been foolish enough to join in the 'rush.' The place named where the precious .deposit was said to exist is on the gulf, fourteen miles inland from the Angel Gardia Bay, oppositeBaron Island. Many who went there returned disappointed, and it is now . ascertained that the excitement was fomented by .parties who had large tracts of land in the vicinity, and whose calculation it was to get people there who might become the nucleus of population. The first invoice jot gold re ceived at G-oagmas amounted to six pound*, and it afterwards turned out that thi* wai bought from some Indians in the interior, who refused to say where they had found it. j Not only from New York, but in Chicago and other large cities of the west where the Chinese have penetrated, there is a cry by preE3 and pulpit that the white youth of bath scxe3 ars being ruined in tha opium, habit lot-reduced by these ' little brown mea.' Ia New Yotk, a Catholic priest, Father Bwry, : assisted by tie Catholic Y-Kiog Mea'a Asso- , ciation, have directed their efforts to break ing up the opium dens on 5Iotfc-str.eefc aad elsewhere, and the. discoveries made in this ; ciusade are absolutely appalling. To our : eastern friends, now called on for -the first ? tiase to face the peculiarities,' moral aad ; other, of this oriental immigration, the effect . must be anything but pleasant ; but, a3 o&e; hcaiticss journalist remarks, they will, as in i i be case of eel- skinning, get used to it by-and- j b;?. There are, no doubt, a good many j s-tstt meets made in regard to the enormity of - the evil— Biich as the drug being used as a ! means to prostitute female children— that j cannot oe -proven; out in its oest snape, tne opium practice is bad enough, and can only i result i& the total wreck of as individual practising it— moral, mental, and physical. I have had enough proof of this in San Fran C5sco, where its use ia comparatively unre stricted, and where at present it is being imported to the tane of hundreds of thousands of dollars, to evade the tax imposed by the the new tariff, and which comes into opera tion nest month. The Michigan Merino Sheepbreeders' Asso ciation are crowing over what is said to be the largest fleece ever recorded in the United States. It Vas taken from a two-year-old ram. Diamond, at a public shearing a few -?ajs ago, was grown in 303 days, and weighed 41 pounds and 3 ounces. This is a good deal of wool for ouesmall carc&3eto pack around; but I presume you can make an equally good Ebowiug in eomeof the favored sheep-raising districts. ? 