FATHER EGAN. The least observant person must have been frequently struck with the" extra ordinary mixture of religious reverence and" friendly familiarity which exists between the Roman Catholic laity and their clergy. It is indeed doubtful whether the Catholic reveres more in a fBpiritual sense, or loves more in a personal way, the priest who not only .pronounces GoD's forgiveness for his sins, marries him, christens his children and buries .-him, still hoping and praying for his salvation,: but who" knows all his worldly hopes, his. doubts,, his. troubles and anxieties, -his struggles, his hard ships and his successes, and sympathises with and shares his joys and sorrows, as if they were his own. A Catholic hides nothing from his priest and " Father," and we all know with what a sacred fidelity, with what words of wisdom and consolation, such solemn confidences are respected and repaid. A Catholic clergy man knows the secrets of every household in his flock — we do not mean as the con fessor, bat as the friend, the adviser and the spiritual father of the family ; and knowing from both sides, he is able to "dissipate doubts and difficulties where no intervention could avail. We will, of coarse, be told that this entails a sub mission io an objectional nnquestional system.- - But we think a great deal depends on how guardedly the system is Carried out, and how pure the hands are by ;which it is administered. We can only say that, in a large and long ex perience amongst Catholics, and in a country where we, Protestants, are rather, -censorious, we never even heard of a case - where the trust was re gretted on the one side, or abused on fhe other. Indeed, it is not the priest WljO. geeks the confidence, but his pa rishioner who voluntarily imposes it on him, -"and he onght to know his own busi- ness best. We only know we wish there was. some of the same kind of truth fulness and affection between Pro testant clergymen and their flocks. Strange to say, the transition from one; state of feeling to the other is B8 marked as it is nndefinable. At one jnpment yon might see a Catholic, figu ratively speaking, kissing the hem of his priest's sacerdotal garment : at the next yon may witness the clergyman, in his 8very-day garb, jesting or playing with the same persou, like two great school- Soys. Whatever sport or enjoyment the priest allows lo his flock he considers hamself justified in joining in himself. Jndeed, much struck by one of ;£fipns to a Protestant, friend, on J "®iia>oif oar dlstiicl" racecourses, " Where- BVer 'I consider it prop\"r for my people lojbe, I consider it my dmj' to he there jJgO. Besides," he added, " I u.e horses Jmd horse-racing, and every other 2?ind fair and sportsmanlike amusement. I . fan see no sin in it; my flock seem pleased to meet me here, as everywhere, I and accordingly here I am." It is I pleasant to see that clergymen of a few other denominations are gradually fol lowing the example thus wisely and bravely set — thanks, in a great measure, to the Christian and manly position taken I up by our own Bishop of Melbourne. These reflections have been suggested to us by the banquet given to Father Egan, at Wangaratta, on his leaving this dis- 1 trict for Dandenong, through temporary I ill-health, after a sojourn at Wangaratta I of fourteen years. During that time he had an immense district to I attend to, extending from Yarrawonga ion the ono side, to the heads of', the I King on the other, a distance of little I less than 100 miles. How he accom plished it it is impossible to say, but at all eventB he might have been met at 'any 1 hour of the day or night, in all kinds of weather, riding — always splendidly mounted — going to or returning from some Sunday service or from some sick-bed, where he had been impart ing comfort and hope. No wonder, indeed, that his health gave way attast under the force, a spirit stronger than the flesh. Father Egan was a very high type of the priests of his church, who, by force of true piety, unbounded charity, a generous hospitality, a more than ordinary share of common sense, and untiring zeal, win esteem, as well as personal regard. Not eloquent perhaps in a rhetorical sense, he spoke weighty truths in words not to be forgotten. Accordingly, lie was revered and beloved by those under his charge. But it wis not his own people alene who came -.to regard him wi.h esteem, and something still more warm. Persons of all denomi nations who were n iltimlly l.r ojit into contact with him fel! umi-r ii spell. You had only to look at him io know that he was a man — to hear liyn speak, to be convinced you were in the presence of a gentleman. His private charities were as numerous as they were unknown, and were, to our certain knowledge, by no means con fined to members of his own church. It was poverty or affliction he relieved- — not creed ; and he followed the same broad . and Christian course in hiB every-day intercourse with his neighbors. It is, therefore, no wonder that he became a universal favorite. It would especially have ill become us to have allowed him to depart without paying this small tri bute to his sterling and amiable cha racter, as we consider ourselves to have been honored by the constant friendship of such a man. And now, Sogyarth aroon, we wish you lenewed health and increased prosperity in this world, and eternal happiness in the next Ovens District Hospital.— The an nual meeting of the governors and sub scribers to this institution was held on Friday afternoon. The attendance was one of the largest of that at a similar meet ing for some years. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Some dis cussion took place with reference to an error discovered in the resident-surgeon's report, with respect to the death rate, which was overstated ; and it was decided to refer the report back to the doctor, for amendment, and for him to append the statistics for the half- year intervening between January and J une, 1882. . Mr Alex. Alderdicc was unanimously elected president for the ensuing year, Messrs F. Allen and Ingram vice-presidents, Mr Jas.. .Cunningham hon. treasurer, aud Alessrs Campbell and -John Fletcher auditors. The following committee was chosen, out of eighteen nominations:— Messrs H. A. Crawford, A. Billson, D. Fletcher, Hyem, J. Kyle, A. W. Foster, Dreyer, Mitchelson, Orr, Lyon, Tuthill and Nam Shing. It will thus be seen that a radical change has been made in the constitution of the committee; and we have every reason to believe that the pre sent members, with the new president, who is well qualified lo fill so important an office with ability and credit, will con-, tinue to efficiently guide the affairs of the institution and increase it3 popularity. After sitting for three hours, the meet ing determined to adjourn for a fortnight, when, among other business to bo trans acted, the proposed alteration of certain rules will be taken into consideration. In our report of Tuesday evening's meeting of the committee of management it was mentioned that the collector's salary wa3 £300 per annum, with commission. The amount should be £200. Happy Hocks. — Mr and Mrs Hart's1 " Happy Honrs" Operetta Company will appear in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beech- worth, on Tuesday and Wednesday even ings. From the flattering press notices in the leading towns of both Victoria and New , South Wales, it would seem that the company bear a very appropriate name, and will no doubt attract good houses. Wodonga Warden's Court. — At this court on Friday, before Mr Warden Fos- ter, the following applications were made : — John McGavie Smith, for No. 246, 40a lr 32p, and No. 247, 12a Or 4p, mineral leases, situated, at Flaggy Greek, Mount Burrowye; Thomas Henry Day and" John Sheehan, for No. 255, 27a 2 op, gold- mining lease, situated at Dark River. The warden mentioned that a bridle track going through the lease would have to be protected ; recommended. There was no appearance of Messrs Leon and Polmear, for application No. 258, for Sa lr 8p, situ ated at Dark River, and the warden stated that their application would lapse if they did not appear at the next court, to be held on the 10th of August. IlCTHERGLEN AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. A meeting of the Rutherglen and Murray Valley Agricultural Society was held last Tuesday at the Victoria Hotel ; about twesty-five members of the societv beins? present. Mr William Booth, the presi dent, occupied the chair. Mr George Graham, vice-president and secretary pro (em., read the minutes of the previous meeting, which were paBBed and adopted, on the motion of Mr L. le Gould, seconded by Mr Thomas Reeve, and carried. The names of Messrs D. S. Hamilton,. David Hamilton, Joseph Pearce and' James Humphrey were added to the committee list. Applications for the secretaryship of the society were then read and discussed. There were only three appli cations — viz., Messrs Donald Brown, the late secretary, Henry Audley and Horace Derrick. On a vote being taken, Mr Derrick was the successful candidate. The president was authorised to procure sta tionery for the use of the secretary. Com mittees were appointed to draw up pro grammes in the various sections, and submit same to a general meeting. Mr James Prentice moved, and Mr Robert Jack seconded, that for the future the meeting be held at 7 o'clock in the even ing ; carried. After a veteof thanks to the chairman the meeting adjourned : niitil Tuegtfoy, 7th August/ Grand Concert at Benalla. — We would call attention to a grand inaugural concert to take place in the handsome Town Hall, Benalla on Monday evening. Mrs Cutter, the" celebrated contralto, Mr Staker, the well-known tenor, and Mr B. J. Smythe, the equally admired baritone, will take part. The accompanist is Mr Lease. Tickets can be obtained from Mr- William Wilson, office of this paper, Wan garatta, and at the principal business es tablishments in Benalla, Vielettown and Euroa. Wangaratta Police Court. — On Thursday, before Mr Akehurst, P.M., the following cases were heard : — William Willis v Henry Edlin : Claim £4 19s, for work and . labor done, and materials pro vided. Order for amount, with 23 6d costs ; im default, distress. Maria H. Canny v JohnjSimpson : IllegaLdetention of a heifer, valued at £5. Mr Norton for plaintiff ; Mr Notcut for defendant. The case was dismissed. Mary Ann Brew v Michael James Toohey : Illegal detention of a" gate, valued, at 15s. The case was dismissed. The court then adjourned. Entertainment at Tarkawingee. — On Friday evening, 20 th inst., a very pleasant entertainment was given in Ladson's store-room, Tarrawingee, by the Tarrawin- gee Amateur Dramatic Club, in aid of Mr Charles Boss and family. . The affair proved a decided success, several visitors having to be contented with outside places. It is a hard matter to criticise the performance, when all who took part in it did so well. The president of the club, Mr George Spink, occupied the chair. The performance commenced by Miss E. Ed wards giving, in a masterly manner, on the piano an overture, "Battle of Abyssin- nia," which was well received. Mr T. Rowlands saug " Thee do I Love," in his usual excellent style. Miss E. Jackson followed, by singing and playing " Still I Love Thee," in a very pleasing manner, and met with a hearty reception, after, which a negro sketch, " Echo," wa3 given by Messrs A. Clements, J. Harris snd T. Thomson, which was very well played, and called forth rounds of applause. Then jsaiue a duet, "Love- and Pride," which was cleverly rendered _ by Miss, A.. Kettle, and -Mr W. Socking ; Miss ,Mv Kettle playing theTaccompaniment.- -Hr ! W . L Edwards then sang ." The .Troubadour;"; iri which his fine voice had good- -effect. - The first part- concluded by anegro; farce, " Qiiarrelsome:Ser'vants," given by .Messrs" L. Edwards,- G. V. Cook aiid'T. Spink.,: ;The piece was creditably; performed, and. 'caused considerable laughter. After, an-; interval of five minutes; the second part was opened by the Misses Nolan playing an . overture, ".Christmas Quadrilles," which- was well played and well received. Mr W. Hocking followed with a comic; song, for which an encore was demanded. Miss E. Jackson again treated the au- dience by singing and playing " Thy Voice is Near," for which an encore was de manded. Mr A. . Clements followed with a song in- character, at the conclusion of which an eneore had to be responded to by the last part being repeated to an ad miring and delighted audience. Mr W. Hocking put the audience into thorough good humor by singing " Only Eighteen- pence." Miss M. Nolan then sang a very pretty song, " Many Happy Returns of the Day," which was nicely rendered and well received. Miss C. Jackson played the "Spirit of the Ball Gallop," in a man ner that could hardly be surpassed. Messrs Clements, Harris, Thomson, Cook, McGregor and Knox treated the audience to a laughable farce, "Black Statue," which was cleverly performed, and created much merriment. At the conclusion the chairman returned thanks,.' on behalf of the club, to the audience for their patron age, and invited them to accord a vote of thanks, by acclamation, to the ladies who had kindly assisted, also to Mr Hocking and Mr Rowlands. This was carried, amidst deafeuing cheers. A vote of thanks to tke chairman, and the singing of the National Anthem, brought the entertain ment, so far, to a close. After the con cert, preparations were made for the ball. Dancing commenced about II o'clock, and was kept up until 1 o'clock a.m. When those assembled (about 89 couples) partook of refreshments, which were provided by ladies of the vicinity, sup plemented by a gift from Mr Osboldstono, of Wangaratta, which for taste and exe- cellence was first class. After justice had been done to the refreshments, dancing was resumed, and was kept up until 5 a.m. when the ball broke-lip ; all being of one opinion as to the enjoyable night they had spent. Mr J. Cunningham, jun., of Beechworth, provided excellent dance music, and Mr J. Smith acted as M. C. in an excellent style. Too much credit can- Hot be given to Mr A. Clements, the hon. sec., fer trying to make the affair enjoy- able and a success. Mr Hoptou Nolan, kindly lent his piano, Mr F. Kettle, of Millawa, his forms for the room (the use of which was given by Mr Eddy) and Mr Ja3. Simpson, presented the Dramatic Club with sufficient timber for the stage. Albuey Stock Market. — Messrs Chas. L. Griffith and Co. report : — We held our usual fortnightly " sale at our Albury yards on Wednesday last, at which there was a good attendance. Cattle. — 600 head yarded, about two-thirds of which consisted of stores, the balance middling and inferior beef ; nothing good in. We sold drafts for Mr C. Hore, Mrs Palmer, Messrs Dean and Williams, John Hore, Carey Bros., Henry Thompson, H. Butter, H. J Bowler, and others ; best cows pens, (light) to £6, best bullocks in to £6 I5s, store bullocks to £5 03 3tore cows to £4. Calves.— We sold S for Messrs Carey Bros, and others, to £L I7s 6d. Sheep. — 400 yarded. We sold drafts for Messrs Wanklin, M'Clellaud, ami others ; crossbred wethers to 13s 6d, merine wethers to 10s 6d. Horses. — 20 yarded, mostly of inferior description and in low condition. Nearly all sold at highly satisfactory prices. Our next sale will be held on Wednesday, August 8th, when, in addition to other stock, we will offer 40 horses, also 500 extra prime wethers for Mr Gibson, of Burrumbuttock. We wisn to direct attention to our sale of 200 first class store bullocks at Wodonga on Saturday next, the 28th July. Wodonga Police Court. — On Friday, before Mr W. Ft. Foster, P.M., and Mr R. T. Reedy, J. P., in the case of Costa v G. Babbington, fraud summons, for order previously made for 303, an order was made for the amount, with 10s costs, or fourteen days' imprisonment. The follow ing cases under the Education Act were dealt with, Mr Downs, truant- officer, prosecuting : — Terance O'Donnell, fined 10a; Geo. Babbington, fined 5s ; Daniel Woolf, fined 2s 6d. Four other cases were withdrawn ty Mr Downs, at the sug- geston of the bench on the ground of ex- tinuating circumstances. Patrick O'Connor sued Bernard C.i3la for; £4 8s lid, goods sold and delivered. Defendant had paid £2 since the summons, and an order was made for the balance, and 2s 6d costs. The court then adjourned. The English Mail. — The outgoing mail closes at the post-office, Beechworth, as under : — For foreign money orders and registered letters, resnectively, at 3 p.m. to-day (Saturday) ; for ordinary letters and newspapers, 10 p.m. to-morrow (Sun- day). Mining Mem. — J. Hardisty has struck a splendid run' of stone at the head of the Yankee spur, Bowman's Forest. The prospects taken out of the reef show well for lOoz to the ton, writes our corres pondent. Local Industry. — We have inspected an American abbot buggy manufactured by Mr Walter Pemberton, junr., of Camp- street, Beechworth, to the order of Mr Sutton, of Whorouly, and for excellency of work we have seldom seen it exceeded. The vehicle may be inspected at the workshop. Charge of Heresy at Sydney. — The special general district meeting of the Wesley an Church, convened for the pur pose of considering the heresy case pre ferred the Rev. John Osborne, of York- street Church, Sydney, agreed to the following finding First : After hearing Mr Osborne's frank declaration of his belief in the Diety of the Lord Jesus Christ, in his atonement for sin by His death, in the Diety of the Holy Ghost, in the nlenarv inspiration of Holv ScriD- tures, and on efficacy of prayer ; having heard also his sincere attachment toNie Methodist doctrines generally embodied in our acknowledged standards, we cordially accept his statements as full and satisfactory ; at the same time we regret that his method of presenting these truths is at times so inexact as to produce the impression ou the minds of some that he is erroneous in doctrine. Second : In reference to his sermon delivered in York- street Church on Sunday evening, 22ud April, on Roman Catholicism, we are con vinced that Mr Osborne is sound in the doctrines of Prolestanrism as held by the Methodist Church, yet from the evidence we are satisfied that in the former part of his discourse he was so ungarded in his s atemeuts as to appear to advance doctrines not in harmony with our stan-- Jards. Third : T"t . the president commnnica'e tiic f a egoing resolutions to Mr Osborne. i Hop-growing in America. — It appears that hop-growing is on the increase in America as well as in Victoria, as the fol lowing extract from the "New York Tri bune'-Vshows:— ''Three or tfctar-ifaots will 'give an 'idea of the extent of.the hop craze irr Central New York:" Best 'farms adapted to; this plant are' selling for 300"dols. per acre the winters receipt of poles at Water- Ville_was 364 cartloads; roots, generally Ijiven away,; bring now 5 dols. "a bushel. It is to.be regretted that some are leaving fop this doubtful specialty the sure and useful productiveness of mixed farming." '. INSURANCE-— The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the United Australian Mutual Fire Insurance Company (Limited), was held on Tuesday, at the head office, 20 Collins-street East, Melbourne. The chairman of the directors (The Hon. Dr Hearn, M.L.C.), who presided, said that again he. had great pleasure in congratula ting the members, upon the satisfactory nature, of the business done since the annual meeting on the 30th of January. The revenue for the six mouths exceeded the amount of business done during the previous half-year, and the losses were under the usual average. The chairman specially impressed upon the shareholders, the necessity of exercising all their influence with their friends, in introducing business to the company, thereby increas- ing the receipts. The board have to thank the local committees throughout the colony, for their kind assistance. A special vote of thanks was accorded to the manager (Mr Webster), for his energetic manage- ment, and also the usual votes of thanks were passed to the chairmen directors and officers,' after which the meeting closed. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — The usual fortnightly meeting of the committee of management of the above institution was held in the Board-room last Wednes day evening. 'Present : Mr Dawborn (President, in the chair), and Messrs Morrison, D. C. O'Connor and Hyndmann. A letter was read from the Uuder- Treasurer, intimating that £500 and £400 were passed for payment on the 13th inst. j for building and maintenance, respec tively ; received. There were no reports from the house or patients committees. The superiutendent reported that since last meeting one man had died ; one woman had been admitted ; remaining in the house, 74 men, 10 women ; receiving out-door relief, 51 men, 18 women and 7 children ; total number relieved,! 161\. The question of the erection of water tanks was referred to the house committee. Some required printing was ordered to be done, and an account for firewood passed to the contractor, subject' to the approval of the house committee.! The meeting thon adjourned. Shire of Rutherglen. — Next month there is to be a contest for one of the seats; in the above shire, Mr Jas. Scott is to be; opposed by Mr Simpson; at least the last-1 named gentleman (writes our correspou-S dent), has been canvasing, and Mr Scott,; I understand, has issued an address to the i electors. Some report is going about that Mr Burro wes is to be nominated for the seat he retired from, notwithstanding ho is away from home. I really think such a step is not anyway right. Should his services be so very desirable, he will have the chance to contest for himself in a twelve month's time, and lam quite sure that several gentlemen are equally etigible. But it is to be hoped that one absentee will not have a walk-over. I kiiow that sonic gentlemen will be patrio- tic eiiougii to try tor tne vacant seat, and be placed at the head of the poll. The situation of auditor is to be contested, Mr Marshall ilie retiring auditor, is be op posed by HrG. H. Brown, of Messrs Orr ncl Phillips, and Mr D. Brown, late secretary of the Bhire. An Innocent Abroad. — For being " rogues and vagabonds." two young men, giving the names of Benjamin Bennett and Alfred L-ffiui, wero sent to gaol on Wednesday, by the Melbourne magis trates. According to-the evidence of the licensee of the Bull and Mouth Hotel, Boucke- atraet, at 10 p.m., -oil the 17th inst., they entered the hotel, with an elderly gentleman — a resident in the Beechworth district— who was under the influence; of 1 liquor, and wanted him co lend the elderly gontleman one pound, ollering:a fictitious deposit-receipt on the Bank of Victoria as security, states the "Telegraph." Itj consequence of the .suspicious conduct of the prisoners, a geztleinan followed - them, and in formed a police constable. A barman at the - Albion Hotel, Bonrke-street, stated that the. prisoners and the' iutoxi- cated gentleman came to'the hotel on the same night, and that one' of the prisoners asked for a blank cheque on the Bank of Victoria. They also wanted liquor, but as their behaviour to their almost helpless companion was suspicious, they were not supplied. A. Winter, of the North British Hotel, also gave evidence as to the prisoners, two women, and their intended victim being at the hotel on the same evening. Tiie intended victim had not the money with which to pay for five drinks, which were consumed, and left hi3 watch with the witness as security. Lolan then began to "chuckthe witness under (he chin," and offered him 3s for the watch. After they had gone, the witness found that while Lolan was " chucking hiin t under the chin," he had managed to steal his scarf pin. There was other evidenee against the prisoners, and several previous convictions against them having been read out, they were sentenced to six months' imprisonment each. It transpired that the "elderly gentleman" from the Beech worth district, who had been " picked up" by the prisoners in an auction room, felt so ashamed of himself on the morning after his " spree," that he went back to the country fiy the early train. Whisky v Brandy. — Owing to the ravages of the phylloxera throughout the vineyards of Europe, the value of brandy has been considerably enhanced, indeed, it has become a matter of difficulty to pro cure supplies of a fair quality, consequently whisky, which for many years has been the national drink of Scotland and Ireland, ha3 now to a great extent supplanted brandy, in the extirmation of Englishmen, and distillers, have vied with each other for supremacy with their particular brands, foremost among these are Messrs Kirker, Greer, and Co., of Belfast and Glasgow. Their whiskies are well-known in the colonial markets, as the Loch Dhu ansl Shamrock, both being pronounced by good judges to be unusually mellow and well matured, and are highly recommended by the medical faculty as being free from fusel oil. As showing the great demand in which these whiskies are held in Eng land, the above firm recently executed au order for a London house, the duty alone for which amounted to no less a sum than £40,000. Oxley. — Our correspondent on Friday writes: — There is but little to chronicle from the Plains. The frosts, which con tinued for some days, departed on Wed nesday night. A few drops of rain then fell ; and Thursday was cloudy and cold. At nightfall several slight showers fell, and during the night, rain, though not heavy, was continuous.' The change from frost to rain will no doubt benefit the fanners and graziers ; yet the frosts have done much beneficial service to both. A plague of snails was dreaded, but the frost nipped it ere much damage was done. King Frost killed off many weeds, and mellowed the earth, so that had fanners had the power to have made the season, it is doubtful if they could have improved upon the natural phenomena which the season has brought them. Some little stir is visible re our council elections. The friends of the respective candidates are busy, and close contests in some of the ridings may be anticipated. Wangaratta Borough Council. — The following gentlemen were nominated for the three vacant seats in the Wangaratta Borough Council: — Messrs Alex. Tone, Henry Sharland, and Alfred Pinkerton, the two first-named being old councillors, aud the last, Mr Pinkerton, being a new man. They have enjoyed the luxury of a walk-over.. For the office of borough auditor there were two nominations lodged, viz., Messrs William Wilson, and Michael Jame3 Toohey. The Mining on Private Proferty Bill. — The Minister of Mines stated in the1 Assembly on Thursday that the Min ing on Private Property Bill was in a for- ward state, but-some minor alterations were still necessary. , When these were made the bill would be brought forward, and 'the second reading of the bill might be initiated next week. , Pedestrianism. — The preparations for the Edwards and O'Leary six days' walk in the exhibition building, Melbourne is progressing satisfactorily, says the " Her ald." Directly the building is dissengaged Seymour will commence laying down the track. There will be only eight laps to the mile, the longest track yet walked on in Australia. Edwards has taken lip his quarters at that old sporting house, the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, Punt Road, Richmond, while O'Leary is living at Albert Park. 