Over the Clock' By Hawkeye. ' ' Gainst humbug sworn, from malice free.' The result of the East Sydney ' attempt at assassina tion' was just as we foretold. The commercial very soft-goods candidate, who made Buch a foolish bid for notoriety, jumped off with the start, and at half-past 11 was leading by several lengths. It seemed for a moment that Mr. Beid's friends were taking it too easy, but a few of the right sort set to work in earnest, and by lunch- time a totally different prospect was given to the event, which after that was never in doubt. There is no doubt now that this seemingly sudden rppoBition was the result of a carefully planned plot between the notorious 'underground engineer,' of whose earthy doings it was hoped we had heard the last, and some of the disaffected of Mr. Stuart's late supporters. Their names and the exact part they took in the miserable business are known, and the matter will be sifted to the bottom. It is necessary, indeed, for the common safety, to say nothing of the honour, of our public life, that the public men capable of a conspiracy of this kind, with their enemies against their friends, should be marked, and marked men they will be with the indelible mark of the deserters' brand for all time to come. That any man should be urged by passion or hurt pride to euch a wanton wreck of his own political reputation is a remarkable instance of the terrible Kemesis that waits on self-conceit. It is clear that any one with such a notion of the fairness of political fight should never have been in public life at all, and we shall be very much surprised if in this case the constituency or constituencies concerned do not take the first opportunity of clearing themselves from the stain of harbouring so-called public men who, as Canning said of bis anonymous assailants, 'are traitors, and only want eourage to be assassins.' As for unfortunate Mr. Elkingtou, if he etill hopes some day to serve bis country in Parliament, it is a pity he did not make a better beginning, lie is 6aid to be a man of gocd commercial ability, and should have been a better judge of value than to take the very damaged goods of his new political friends at their own pi ice. He has emphatically denied, in private, any band in the 'silly devilry ' of getting np a sectarian howl against Mr. Beid by the circulation broadcast amongst the Soman Catholics of his speech on Gari baldi. But the unhappy victim of other men's falseness and hie own vanity should have known that, of plots hatched in darknesB, nothing but deeds of darkness can come, and that as the willing associate or tool of the authors of tbat poor trick he was just as much responsible for it as if he had planned and played it himeelf. Of course it utterly failed of the desired effect, many of the wary people whom it was intended to influence being the most disgusted, and probably did more to swell Mr. Beid's over whelming majority than anything else. Of all tbe political magsman's tricks, the religious cry is the stalest and the dirtiest, and so utterly played out that one wonders such knowing bands should have ventured to try it, till one remembers the invincible force of nature and of habit. The large crowd at the declara tion of the poll, notwithstanding the weather, and its enthusiastic reception of Mr. Beid, proved the popu larity of the victory, and the torrent of rain that drowned the rest, of the proceedings was a fitting accompaniment to the collapse of the poorest plot that ever ended in a puddle. It must be with a sigh of infinite relief that Mr. Stuart sees his Ministry-making toils and troubles at an end. According to his own account he has had a hard time of it, and as he amused the Wollongong electors with the recital of his woea those worthy people must have thanked their stars that their lives were cast in pleasanter places than in Parliamentary back-parlours. What an experience the hon. gentleman might give us of a new Premier's first days ! What a record it would be of human folly and vanity- pride and prejudice, ambition and despair, a3 moving as a tragedy and as amusing as a farce ! We are not sure we should not prefer it to 'any of the im portant measures which he tells us are to form the literary occupation of the receBS. It would certainly be pleasanter reading than his New Land Bill, and, if the names were given, scarcely less useful or edifying. It is always well to know one's friends, and it would do a grateful country no harm to be informed who the patriotic gentlemen are who are so willing and anxious to serve it. In the first chapter of Sir Charles Gavan Duffy's second volume of ' Young Ireland ' (which, by the way, opens with wonderful brilliancy), there is this passage. ' Principles are like fixed stars, always in their un changeable places ; policy is the chart of the pilot who sails by their light. He shifts with the wind and tide ; his craft may be driven out of her course by a tempest ; she may lie like a log on the waters in a calm ; he tacks to the right to avoid breakers on a dangerous coast, and to the left to give a wide berth to a sunken rock, but all the time he is pressing on with unsleeping watchfulness to his appointed port.' The pilot whom the knight of the Nation had in his mind in that striking metaphor has shifted far and often with wind and tide and tempest, and seems as far from his appointed port as ever. Applying the passage to our own present pilot, there can be no doubt he will need all the nautical skill of Sir Gavan's skilful pilot if he is to reach his appointed ports, or even to save from breakers on Bunken rocks the good ship just launched. Never did vessel set sail with more imminent prospect of dirty weather; never was there likely to be greater need for the ' daring pilot in extremity ' and the fearless 'trust in Providence' which the old song tells us is pilot's best reliance, wherever he may be. Mr. Stuart's appointed port is, of course, the settlement of the land question ; and the unchangable principle, the fixed star by whose light he should sail, is, of course, the administration of the public estate to the greatest possible advantage. But when it comes to the policy, the chart by which he has to thread his devious way, hie labor, hie opus est, then comeB the rub, and it is no wonder if the brave pilot finds himself slightly at sea even before he gets there. Earlier navigators of tbe same dangerous sea have left their charts ; but, except as showing him what rocks and shoals to shun, there will be little help for him there. The course, as there laid down, certainly abounds in tacks and shifts, and has the further advantage to the pilot of to-day of plentiful beacons, in the shape of costly wrecks. But even with these aids, what with cross-currents, shifting sands, the false lights of designing wreckers, and the gene ral impenetrable fog, the navigation is something more than ticklish, and it is no wonder if tbe gallant skipper's first act has been to put two hands into the chains, with instructions to keep sounding. The appointment of Messrs. Augustus Morris and George Banken (' Capricornus ' ) as a sort of com mission of inquiry into the working of tbe land system is not likely to escape criticism. The former is a sort of gentleman of all trades whose versatility seems to have brought him the usual fate of general geniuses of that kind, popularly known aB being 'master of none.' nis best friends, in his several and very various attempts to serve his country, would scarcely call Mr. Morris a brilliant success. He has great industry, no doubt, wonderful wind, and a pertinacity which has earned for him in more than one high quarter the deserved reputation of a 'sticker.' But he seems to have no luck. He falls everywhere except on his feet ; and Mr. Stuart must know a good deal more about him than we do — or, we fancy, the public does — to suppose that any amount of mere staying capacity will make up for such a fatal facility for persistent misfortune. Mr. Banken, the '« Capricornus ' of innumerable raids on Sir John Bobertson's fair free-selection garden, is in one sense the same, yet different. He has been butting away against the Land Aot any time within the memory of most living men, but nothing much has ever come of hie butting ; and now that his old enemy is handed over bound to his tender mercies, ho must bave more than the general gentleness of the butting kind if he does not use his horns to some purpose. The objection to him, of course, will be that he is and always has been, on this question, a partisan, or at any rate that he goes into the box with his mind made up, and might as well give his verdict of ' guilty,' without a single extenuating circumstance,' at once. Formulated, the charge will probably be that the case against tho Land Act is committed to two men, one of whom will find as the other, whose verdict is already found. We don't say it will be a fair charge ; but it wonld certainly have been more satisfactory if a gentleman of Mr. Banken's un doubted knowledge of the subject and another of Mr, Morris's undoubted willingness to work had been assisted by one or two others whose judgment micrht have been at once unprejudiced and independent. If Mr. Stuart did not have the satisfaction of meeting Parliament with 'full numbers,' he may still be congratulated. 0£ the eight constituencies appealed to, but one has failed him, and that one has minimised any possible ill effects of its default, as well as its own political importance, by returning Mr. Mitchell. Even in politics, or whatever may there stand for politics, there is no accounting for tastes ; and just as one wonderB when the sweetest woman in the world throws herself away on a vulgar brute, so one can but wish the Newtown Titania joy of Mr. Bottom. What special joy, indeed, there may be in being represented by a political nonentity is one of those things which it seems to be necessary to live in Newtown to find out ; but we suppose there must be some, and the constituenoy re joicing in a Mitchell may certainly be congratulated on possessing it in perfection. It will oome roughest, perhaps, on the other member, Mr. Gibbs, w ho, if he does not wish to see his constituency half wiped out, will have to do double duty, and may fairly complain that he never bargained to be set to run in a double curricle with what old coachmen know as a ' counterfeit,' As for Mr. Copeland, his stout fight deserved better fortune ; but when a man has to fight, as well as the foe in front, false friends in the rear, it is apt to go hard with him. The new alliance, already popularised as tbe ' Under-one-hat ' League, was more openly active than ever, on the principle, we suppose, on one side tbat it is as well to be hung for a sheep as for a lamb, or because political trickery comes easier and bolder after the first plunge. It is curious how inevitably in the long run, sooner or later, like natures find their way to each other. It is not only in the poets that there are congenial spirits, apart yet fated for each other, only awaiting the happy accident which is to unite them forever as 'two souls that breathe together; two hearts that beat as one.' Per haps it is hardly to be hoped that the new underground engineering firm will last for ever. But it is some thing while it does last to know that it is in such good hands, so well up to their work and so worthy of each other. Unfair as the fight was, Mr. Copeland is not the sort of man to be beaten in one round, and no doubt room will be found for him somewhere. He has declared for East Sydney ; but the influences that were fatal to him at Newtown will certainly be against him here, and, though powerless against Mr. Beid, might be more dangerous against his less-known col league. Yet Mr. Copeland has strong claims upon all sensib'e citizens. It is to bim mainly that they are indebted for the Sunday opening of their Art Gallery; and his practical good sense and regard foe individual liberty of thought and action should be excellent recommendations to a people whom, of late, it has been the fashion to treat much as overgrown children. The atmosphere of the Upper House would, perhaps, haTdly agree with him, though there might be worse fun than a speech from the hon. gentleman in that serene air — say, on the next appearance of Mr* Farnell's pet measure. His place is undoubtedly ia the other House, where bis strong sense and often original way of putting things will be much missed, and where, one may be pardoned for saying, Jthere is more than one hon. member who might do the country just now some : service by making way for him. In any case, he loses little in losing a seat whicb, one man's to-day, may, it seems, be anyone else's to-morrow, as a constituency which clearly does not know its own mind for a month, together may happen to be in tbe mood. In the meantime, the new ' Ministry of Work ' seem to be giving good earnest of their title. Of course there is a good deal to be done in the way of clearing up before settling down. Thus, Mr. Stuart's exertions, we understand, have been chiefly confined, very literally, to the hard work of what is popularly known as ' putting the house in order.' The exquisite taste and love of art which had made of the Colonial Secretary's Office a eort of Curiosity Shop on a large scale have their inconvenience in a business point of view, and tbe first impression of the plain Scotch merchant who has succeeded the fine art connoisseur in that department is said to have been that he had loBt his way, and landed in Bradley and Newton's show rooms or a Eecond-hand china shop. 'Cards to view ' during the last few days of doomed splendour before calling in the auctioneer are understood to have been in considerable request; and if one object of the distinguished collector was to ' astonish the natives,' he must be said to bave succeeded- to a miracle. Special interest was excited by the 400-guinea great Bed of State, not only for its gorgeous array and delicious extravagance, but as having been pressed by that noble form which alone was worthy of it. With its sumptuous furniture and billowy luxuriouness, it irresistibly recalled Herriok's beautiful lines on his lady-love's couch: ' Sefst thou that cloud, as silver clear, Plump, soft, and swelling everywhere? 'Tie Julia's bed, and she sleeps there ; ' and one wondered who the fraternal gentlemen of the bedchamber may have been who used to put his late Boyal Highness to bed in it, for it is absurd to suppose that anyone would think of going to such a bed by himself. Much speculation has been expended on the best use, or any, to which it might be possible to put this stupendous structure. The idea of Mr. Stuart in a Scotch nightcap in it is absurd, and a proposition that it should be let on late nights to Mr. Speaker was at once ruled cut of order by that hon. gentleman, para phrasing Shakspeare thusly: ?' To sleep ! perchance to dream— ay, there's the rub, For in that fearsome bed what dreams might come ! ' and declining to keep midnight company with Parkes' ghost. It might be sold for what it would fetch, and the money given to Mr. M'Elhone's blackfellows to be expended in high corroboree over the substitution of the new Blackfellows' Board for the Protectorate, or it might find a bed for itself in the Museum, and, like the ' great bed of Ware,' tell future generations how ' there were giants in those days.' Blustering wind and blinding duet were considered by the weather authorities the proper aocompaniments for the official opening on Wednesday of the new Parlia ment. Public interest in the glorious oocasion ran high enough to line M acquarie- street with the usual motley crowd, and fill all but the front seats of the CounoU Chamber with a fair show of Sydney beauty and fashion ; but on the whole the scene, if strictly decorous, ( was decidedly dull. Only the faintest of cheers greeted the representative of Royalty, and during the long quarter oi an hour which it pleased that illustrious but most unpunctual personage to keep every one ?waiting the fair visitors 6eemed to have caught something of the genius loci, and looked ab sedate, not to say solemn, as the old gentlemen in front of them. In the 'Parliament of woman, the4femination of the world,' which we are told to expect eome day, things will doubtless be a little livelier, and indeed it would be bard to expect beauty, however adorned, to be specially bewitching with 'no one better about than its grandfather, and he turning his back on it. Two notable exceptions, how ? fever ,Jmu£t be made to the general insensibility of the ' elderly hon. gentlemen to the charms of their fair surroundings, in the person of the perennial Lieutenant Governor and the hon. and learned gentleman repre senting the Government. The one with his red ribbon and the other with his red rose in their respective buttonholes were as assiduous in their attention? to their fair neighbours as only 6uch experienced cavaliers of dames can be ; and if we Bay that Sir _ Alfred Stephen was the youngest-looking man in the zoom and Mr. Dalley the happiest, it is only repeating what has been said of them a dozen times before under similar circumstances. In justice to the other ' old boys,' it mnst be admitted that we rather envied the sharp eyesight of our next-hand neighbour, who declared it was long since be had 6een so bright a ?vision of beauty, and for the moment we were inclined to ask when ho had arrived from the Solitary Islands. Sat he was young, and the delusions of youth have a charm for us still. So we admired where we were told to admire ; and, under the excellent guidance and most catholic taste of our friend, were Boon lapped in a dream of fair women, which, with the crushing and crowding ot imaginary reporters and make-believe journalists ' over the clock,' fully occupied our attention till the trumpets announced the arrival of his Excellency. Lord Augustas Loftus, bar the uniform, had nothing very imposing or awe-striking about him, as he limped, rather than strode, up the hall, and the same remark will apply to his, conventionally speaking, ' brilliant staff.' One has nothing to eay of the gold lace, which may bo ornamental, but could certainly never be useful to the gallant wearers, except, indeed, as suggested by one, it is to be hoped thoughtless, scribe, that they could never run away in it But we do object, if only on jc6thetic grounds, to Mr. Fosberry's superfluity of silver adornment. We do not kuow who designed this wonderful uniform, but imagine (Mr. Combes will correct us if we are wrong) it mast have been some yonng genius of the Art Society, as a study in blue and white, or an improvement on Gainsborough's ' Blue Boy,' with his pinafore oa. The ' faithful Commons ' having been duly summoned, if ever there was in the lightest feminine breast present the slightest impression that this was not a most serious and solemn occasion, it muEt have been effectually removed by the appearance on the scene of Mr. Speaker and hie anything but merry men. Probably from the large number of new members, the usual roughand tumble scramble of hon. members into the presence of vice-royalty was reduced to a rather sheepish-looking struggle ; and if anybody in this world ever looked half to solemn, not to eay sepulchral, as Mr. Barton him self, he ought to have been elevated to the Bench, and had his picture taken as the model Judge about to pass sentence of death, or the model prisoner about to suffer it, on the spot. 'Whether oppressed by the weight of his new dignity or of his new wig, by the novelty of his position or of his robes, we know not ; bat more supernatural solemnity we never saw on human face, divine or otherwise, and we have attended many funerals, not a few weddings, and more than one private execution. The speech was long, aud his Excellency had a cold. Tho new Ministers were little . less grave than the new Speaker ; and the new members looked awkward and uncomfortable. Only the ' dashing gay sergeant '' smiled and seemed per fectly happy as he looked the fair House in the face, and feared not any woman. A few minutes of acute auricular suffering, as from the grating of an ancient saw bad with toothache, and the pageant was over ; and, seeking lunch where politicians of the free and independent order moat do congregate, we found a general consensus of opinion that the show on the whole Was rather a poor one, but that the speech, if not a marvel of literary skill, would do as well aa 6uch material generally does to light the iire of legislative hope with, that somehow always goes out. There was a large muster for the afternoon sitting, when the address in reply was moved and seconded by two new members, Messrs. S. A. Stephen and O'Mara. Both hon. gentlemen acquitted themselves well, and if they eaid nothing very startling gave promise of a very welcome addition to the intelligent speaking power of the House. Mr. O'Mara seemed to feel somehow the shadow of coming events, his speech being largely a defence of the delay of the Government in dealing with tbe land question, afterwards so severely attacked by Messrs. Buchanan and Garrett. ThG first of these two ' irreconcilables ' had an easy and congenial subject to his hand in a running criticism of the personnel of the sew Ministry. Of course it did not please him, for it included neither himself nor his friends, and of course it is not hard tosaywhosuiferedmoBtathishande — the Minis ters who were honoured with his abuse, or the hon. gentle men whom he so pathetically represented as 6ittine in sackcloth and ashee, writhing and gnashing their teeth over their cruel disappointment. Mr. Garrett has made many mistakes in his public career, but never before 60 stupid a blunder as his fiasco of Wednesday. With I an amonnt of what it is a mild term to call disingenu ous ingenuity, worthy of the worst days of factious strife, he in one breath ' entreated as a friend' tbe Premier to reconsider his resolve not to deal with the land qnestion this session, and in the next moved an amendment, the only effect of which could be to pre vent him dealing with it, or any other question, at all. It was an unworthy and very foolish attempt to carry the new House with the old tactics, for of course the Iiope wbb to catch in one clever throw both the Opposi tion and the discontenBt, and with their combined aid trip ap the new Government on the very threshold. ! Sat it ia possible to be too clever, and for once this veiy clever politician had calculated without his host. Ab might have been expected, the House re fused to brand itself ia its first act as an assemblage of cowards, and to a man (for in such a , natter Mr. Buchanan doesn't count, and Mr. Garrett himself ran away) scouted the unmanly move with the ecorn it deserved. We have little sympathy with Mr. i M'Elhone's general method of attack or defence ; but, when Mr. Garrett so indignantly repelled that hon. member's charge that he was a sort of pjlitical pariah whom no Premier dare touch aa a colleague or whom , no party wonld follow, did nothing warn him that I facts were stronger than words, and that the fate of his 1 Amendment might out-M'Elhone even M'Elhone ? 