THE GOSPEL OF RELAXATION. [From the Saturday Review of November 18.] The gospel of industry has become a hack- neyed and threadbare gospel, as Mr. Herbert Spencer has had the wisdom to perceive. Earnest people have spoken, almost impiously, we think, of the blessing of labor, whereas we have the best authority for believing that labor was imposed on Adam and his children as a punishment, not as an entertainment. Mr. Herbert Spencer has preached the first sermon of the gospel of relaxation in New York, like another Paul among the Athenians. His soul has been vexed by the altars and the incense of that not unknown god, the Almighty Dollar, the cochon d'or of modern idolatry. Perhaps no Knglish visitor to the shores of freedom has been quite so free (before his return) as Mr. Spencer He critised the political corruption of his hosts with a frankness which they seem to have taken in very good part, though it has offended many a sweet enthusiast of de mocracy in England. Mr. Spencer thinks no more highly of Bosses and Caucuses than Mr. Mark Twain does, or the retiring author of '" Democracy," or any civil service reformer on the other side of the Atlantic Encouraged by the attention with which his warnings were received, Mr. Spencer has passed from public to private life, and given the Ameri cans a piece of his philosophical mind. He was invited to a big dinner-party, and par took, doubtless, of gumbo, terrapin, prairie chicken, planked shad, cat-fish, hominy, pumpkin pies, tomato salad, and other indige nous delicacies. He fielded out while Rev. H. W. Beecher, Professor Ficke, Scanner, and Marsh, and ex-Secretary Schurz had each his oratorical innings. Mr. Oliver Wendell Holmes, too, sent a letter, in which the famous humorist, ''classed Spencer with Newton and Darwin." No man is a prophet in his own country, and perhaps we scarcely reckon Mr. Spencer quite so very highly at home. Then came Mr. Spencer's own innings, and by way of replying to the toast of his health he criticised tbe health of his enter tainers. The men of New York, in his opinion, are in all things not "too super stitious," but too industrious. " With Ame ricans work is a passion, and even deaths from overwork are not infrequent." It would be difficult, even for a critic who knows both countries well, to say whether Americans need this gespel more than we do at home. Deaths from overwork are com mon enough here, or rather, perhaps, we should say, deaths from over-worry. It is not work so much as anxiety about work that does men harm in the long run. Different sorts of work entail different proportions of worry. At the universities, where there is a good deal of overwork, men do themselves lees injury by constant study than by con stant anxiety and excitement about their success in the schools. This anxiety they try to stifle by incessant reading, and so they plod on till they break down from over - training. Over - work at a literary effort — say the history of the Lower Empire, or any topic of that sort—is not very likely to damage a literary red us; who is not hurried and can choose his own time. But work not more incessant or more alborbing may soften the brain of a man who is struggling to support his family by his pen, or to push his way in the vast modern crowd into a foremost place in the profession of letters or at the bar. Such a man does not feel justified in refusing any work, and very probably this habit clings to him after he could afford to pick and choose among his cases or among the journals and magazines wlich ask for his assistance. Then he gets anxious about meeting his engagements, and when he has come to that pats anxiety breaks him down. Similar causes work far more rapidly, as Mr. Spencer may ba\ c had occasion to remark, in a bustling commercial city. A great deal of the " over work" of business men is not labor, but a f crerub gambling excitement and eagerness. In one of Mr. James's abort stories, " The Pension Deaurepaa," there is a laughable and l^athctic hketch of an overworked American, 'ibis gentleman, Mr. Ruck, was sent to roam atroad by his physicians. "I didn't sleep," be said; " I didn't crt; I took no interest in my food. I couldn't bold a pen; I couldn't tit still. I couldn't walk from my house to the cars, and its only a little way. I lost my intt rest in business. . . . I had been paying strict attention to business for twenty-three j cars.'" "In all that time you never had a holiday':" says tbe other parson in the dialogue. "Sundays,"' the overtasked one replied. And what had Mr. Buck gained ! he "did a very large business, and was considerably interested in lumber." If Mr. t-jiencer baa found America peopled by a race ot Itucks, lie is quite right to bid them take things more easily. To say that all this com mercial work is mammon worship and be gotten of avarice would be far too severe. Men get into grooves, and cannot get out of them. 0n man dawdles, another toils— neither kcows exactly why, neither baa any very deuuile aim. Tbe dawdkr praises leisure; and, as he is usually a university man, quotes tbe example of the dcliciou*iy do-nothing Greeks. The other boasts of his industry, which is but a bad habit, like the other habit of drifting through life. The advantage is perhaps on the aide of the dawdler if we look to length of days, on the tide of the worker if we remember how many vacant acd listless hours come to the un occupied. The ideal thing, of course, is to get plenty of work done and have plenty of time left for the enjoyment of nature, sport, tocicty, literature—by which, of course, we mean novels. Mr. Spencer himself may be taken as an example of the happy thinker. This is wbat all philosophers should wish to be. He has adopted the plan of getting acsutants —wo do not say "ghoste," for there is co secret in the matter—to do the rou*h work. They prepare vast collections of facts, cut of which ?lr. Spencer spins his theories. The objection to thu coarse is that no mortal man can really read a book except with his own eyes, and that no one can trust to the facto collected by another. Every one seas in a book what he brings the eyes to see. One reader, for want of special knowledge, or special bent of thought, misses an essential fact. A?^tt???. miaee* an j—wKpi qualifica tion. If genius ia needed to co-ordinate and analyse lacta, it is just as much needed to bring the facts together. Aristotle made his own " sociological" tables and hutoriaal col. lection of details about tbe working of bar barous and civilised communities. Much labor would be spared, and much time for relaxation won. if men of letters coqld de pend on collaboration, and on the hodman*' woik of others. But, though Mr. Spencer may find the system work in his hanrlif, and though it has worked and does work very well in fiction, we doubt whether labor can well be spared in this way by tbe aoujntofic historian. Most men of fetters, like people of every other profession, will find that they must do for themselves what they wish to ba done well. The only trne way to avoid overwork ia to moderate our ambitious. Many of us do so with perfect success. We have a "great work," of one sort or another, planned in our minds, but we gradually find that to undertake it would evert ax our strength. We do not at onoe abandon the idea, but it remains a pleasant vision on the mental horizon—an agreeable thing to reflect upon, a distant hope. The ambition becomes harmless, bnt not useless. Kothing is won for the human race, and no earthly gain comes to the dreamer. Bat hie purpose has helped him through this short life, and that is all to the good. It is better (though a good deal less heroic) to fail in tbis way than to fail ia the other way—to break down under a labor that will never be accomplished, and come to early death or lii< nurture dotage. It is wisdom to recognise the limits of our strength, to retire from busi ness with a comfortable fortune rather than to come to grief in the quest of a minion, to live and die unknown, With no work done, bat great works undone, rat lie r than to break the brain against an im possible endeavor. The weak side of this philosophy is that it may lead to the con dition of the twins in the ''Golden Butterfly." But these followers of art never did anything at all; we are only aiguing, like Mr. Spencer, against trying to do too much. Ambition, as we have said, is not more the cause of that failure than habit. When men are oace in tbe groove of money-making, scribbling, pleading at the bar, they forget that life exists aa a whole, and should be lived far its own sake. They mistake the mess? for the end, and make work for themselves as dili f entry es if they had to satisfy tbe fiend of fitueal Scott. Khexreater magtda? of the wne clan was driven by circumstane*, not by choice, into this error. Sir Walter said, and with truth, that he was naturally a vary indolent nan. Yet bo one ever did more work, not even Southey, and both came to We have such crowds ?f examples of over work in England that it is hard to believe tbe Amprw^pa can be much worae than our selves. Mr. Spencer says the men grow grey ten years earlier thin in England. Mr. O. W. Holmes has written a pleasant poem oa the * grey-haired boys," but we had not §?^ ed l fi at the ?x"*B were prematurely grey. If Mr. Spencer can support his assertion no doubt he ca?) by statistics, we may suppose that something in the climate makes Americans "eoony" before their day. Their women arc sometimes said, whether truly or not, to age earlier than the British fair. But, to be sore, the' women also work very hard at amusing them selves. Even in Greece (where no free maa did anything bat enjoy himself) Pindar says that many grew grey almost in youth, "tio also on young men grow oftentimes grey hair* even before the natural treason of man's life" (Olymp. iv.). - The speech is pat in. the mouth of an athlete addressing Hyphipyle imars diately after be bad won the I'uatrace in bronze armor. So here is c!??iea! comfort for young Americans wbo, like the laborious Shelley, are "youths wion hoary hair.'" 7 With each, Mr. Spencer sayf, 'relaxataoi becomes aphysical impossibility." Vespoker, yachting, hunting, camping out, base bail. and limitless flirtation are recognised American institutions, " though ?peshapu a little gay." In these, surely, there is relaxa tion enough. We cannot share Mr. Spencer1* gloomy dread that tbe Americana, the people of Banian and Myers, may become degene rate by reason of overwork and its effects oa the cfispripg of the toilsome. Indeed, bat a few days since Mr. Spencer took a much mote rosy view. He foresaw the time when the Celtic, Teutonic, and other Aryan elements of the American nation would be fused into a magnificent and previously unparaUeledcaoe, capable of livingupto?epubUcsoinstitatiaos. Tbe evidence, on the whole seems in favor of a future stock of highly- cultivated giants, all as strong as Mr. Bonnor, as swift ac Me. Myers, and as gifted as Gifted Hopkins. Tbese will occupy tbe continent; nor will New Yorkers degenerate into Foegians, dressed only in clam-shells, and eating only oysters without pepper or vingar. That would be the result of overwork, if carried far enough; but we look for nothing of the sort. There is soch a thing as being too careful; of intellectually mollycoddling oae sdf, if the expression may be permitted. The Key York poet must not be daunted by Me Spencer. Do not let him retire to the woods, or to bed for months, after contributing a sonnet to the Oetduty. The bard worker? of the continent have worn well. M-. Holmes, Mr. Longfellow, Mr. Whittie., Mr. Bryant, Mr. Emerson, are examples ??; patriarchal toilers. Mr. Lowell has not ore - taxed his intellect; and, generally speakii!.-. American men of letters " hare lived c. -. all the leogtb of all their days," or seem in i fair way to do so. Bat Mr. flowells mast ?>.: very cautious, and bo most Mr. Warner. Tiis sword {when it is as brilliant and keen as their battle-blades) wean out the perishable ?heath; and writers who have supplanted Dickens and Thackeray most beware of the excessive toil which appears to have shortened the days of the author of " Pickwick." We cannot spare his American successors, iv whose hands fiction has become a finer art, and who have taught us to find the played out masters of our youth no longer endurable. As to the klatistics of work among Americans interested in lumber we have no information. But we must still regard Mr. Rack a* the ex ception rather than tbe rule, even in Wall street ; indeed, if American city men are working themselves into idiocy, no traces of it arc yet observable in their management of railway and other stocks. The Caucasian of the \Vest is not yet played out, nor is his bag of tricks exhausted. 