SIR JAMES PAGEr ON RECREA HON. \- Sib James Paget, F.R.S., at the opening of the winter session of the "Working Men's Col lego recently, says a 1 ondon piper, delivered an address on "Recrca'ion," which he said was a necessity of our system. Every part and power of the human body, to he kept'-in full efficiency, required some measure of exercise and change The desire for chat go should bo satisfied as though it were n desire /or food or drink. There were three things which entered . mostly into recreation —uncertainty, wonder, and the exercise of skill in tilings which were not of the ordinary daily work. Uncer tainty was to be found even in the mind of a boy when tossing his halfpen* y in the air. He saw it fall, and the line rUinty a; to which side would turn up was a refreshment to him, as being a thing apart from his daily toil. The same with games of chance, when playid with out the element of gambling. Fireworks, great p'ots in theatres, fairy tales, ghost stories, sensational novels, the big letters <n news paper placards, anything, however fallacious, that created wonder in the mind of a man, re freshed him. In hunting, fishing, and the felling of trcos t^ere was an exercise of skill apart from the ordinary labour of the day. He believed a creatv pjirt of the occupation from which we derived recreation and pleasure was really the survival in us of iustincts which bolonged to s^mo of our distant ancestors Many were descended from persons who of necs*jitr in tlnir daily life had to hunt, or fish, or clear forests for a living, lie supposed from his love of wandering during his vaealior that he had within hita a large portion of the true vagabond type. Those who had mental work to do ought to have so uo manual labour after wards, and those who had manual labour should* find recreation aud refreshment in mental occu pation of some kind or other. Tus latest noreHy among society damsels in Hew York is the 'complexion dogs.1 Ho girl will now appear in the street w ith a dog that does net match her complexion. This explains why yellow dogs are so fashionable, 