33ie wife of aweninown townsman who hadeecenity presented him witii a pledge of aSadion, iad, on Sxtssdaj evening an experience which led her to become doubtful of the culinary abilities of her muse. 33ie sick lady h&d; advancedBO far towards convalescence that she was permitted to indulge in a little roast chicfrfn, with which mnse undertook to proride her. The fowl mi accordingly caught, lolled and cooked. Whifo the latter proves bong carried on, tiie good lady's husband was ied through the of his olfactory serves, to believe that a boHing-down estabUshment had been started in the house, but had his fears allayed on being told that a chicken was beingroasted. In due course ihe plate of chicken was served up, daintily garnished, mriil the invalid forthwith proceeded to x. The fast spoonful presented an unsavory appearance, and odour was not pn^Ving Aii examination of the contents of the plate, revealed the fact that a fliirhm, according to nnxse'B ideas should be cooked, entrails and all, and the latter constituted the dainty dish, which had been served tip for the invalid's refectxon- We have not heard whether the feathers had also been cooked. We are informed that in view of the great prosperity of the National Bank, the directors have just presented the sum of £7,000 to their officers aa a bonus. A giving the name of Thiunm Healy, purchased a suit of clothes on Sa- turday afternoon, and in celebration of the occasion, proceeded to "wet" them. This he did so effectually that Sergeant Manson found it necessary to put him through a drying process, the cost of which Mr Stringer, J.P., yesterday morning estimated at 2s 6d. An impotent robbeay was perpetrated at Mr John Campbells quarries, Carlsruhe, on Saturday last. Mr John Quillinan had a man at work, on the qramesto whom he had lent a hammer and two picks, the man having none of his own. On Saturday afternoon the man came into Kyneton and obtained some money from Mr QnOlinan, a balance of a few shillings being left On Tuesday morning when Mr Quillinan with some men went to the quarries, neither the man tior the tools were to be found. A search . round town proved fruitless, and Mr QuBlinan placed the matter in the hands of the police. This is the third occasion on which Mr Quillinan has been robbed of valuable quarrying tools. HIP ILynston Shire Council at its meeting on Saturday, decided to allow the mn^Tig jn Jonnaiy next to lapse. In order to do away with any inconvenience to contractors and others the Finance Committee were authorised to pay all accounts, and the Public Works Com' niittee were empowered to accept tenders. The manner in ifhich the cleansing of the streets of the town is earned out, came in for very general condemnation at the meeting of the Shire Council on Saturday last. Cr Buscombe and Or Garter, were'especially severe, and the former moved that contracting be resorted to. After same discussion the motion was withdrawn, ai#4 the matter was referred to a committee of jpsmbers for the Kyneton Biding for oOTH^eratagfi $$4 repsrt. _ A rumor obtained currency on Saturday evening, ihti a man from Daylesford had beep thrown oS his horse near the railway station, find had been killed. Another statement tkvthe had fallen off his horse in a fit and had died soon afterward*. Tbe body was said" to" have been removed to OTiagaa'e Farmers 1 Arms Hotel. Onenqniiy ire {ound that there was so truth in the rumor, and no one eeemsto beableto account foe what gave rise to it. The ftrtfT"^ ceremony of laying the ^Tundation stone of the new Mollisonstreat bddge, will not take {dace. The iu^, aa a sm^ble date, and Mr Gillies wffl both be to » pact of the colony on thai date, andwiB not return for Borne <3ays, it was decided to postpone all festivities mi til the completion of the bridge, when it will be formalhropened Thn anniversary of the Independent Sunday school, was celebrated on Sunday when the services were conducted by the Rev C. Lancaster of the Wesleyan Church. In the morning the sermon was from Jeremiah 3rd chapter, 4th verse. Wilt thou not from ihes time cry onto me, My Father, thou art the guide of my yonth J Thp discourse was addressed in \- <nst place to backsliders, and in the ^ a p e c ^ ^ S ^ t ^ Wa. Beotestant assembled wainlBrs of the schools in the town, &om; the iro^. "Snffia little children to come onto me." In the evening the text was the 7th Terse, of the 3rd chapter of Hebrews, Wherefore, as the Holy Ghost earth, To-day if ye wQi hear my voice. Kbtwiihstanding indifferenca in the past, the time -would txmie when men wonld hear God who had spoken igr the prophets, the apostles and then by tiie'Holy Ghoet, tiiB present dis- pensation. We ought to hear God's voice because He is our Creator ; and becanse of the importance of the .fads of ^diich he speaks. We oould ieither ' hear or handen our. hearts; if the iattra', the result would be that jwe -wondd beshut ont of Heaven. God'e goodness, forbearance, and iangsufisring were adduced as raasans for listening to his "voice, Ifjiich speaks in aprmons, by conscience, jBiH bjTjfflidion. 33ie discourse condnded *ifhaneani«3* e,iorfaiion to God's voice. The .pmgr^ations were large OB each oocamon. Ax eadwOTice aeteclions from the hymns J" Sankey were jsadeied in goou ® the BcholaiB.The annivensaiy is rwair®" as one of themost euocessful ever hddm connection with the school. Mr William Glover, eold at Woodend, n'Moaday iast,ij>e following pmptaties: l^acre£of'aiid«iteatedaboat half- afle&om; the the jpoperty tit Tohn Wi^^t ior ZjS IlB per acre to Mr m|B|Mi - of Woodend ; 30 .acres <adjcin- 3amP gthe SOi &bavo; *» - was sold at US l?s fid por \- and 102 . acres to Mr cre toMrBixon , ^ - „ cos®, * « k ^ ^ m * * - •WC-NNACYTBJ^ STEPS SIB BONG *T»1rpn to arrange for an exrly date, a muff maizji, between the publicans andbatdien of thedistzicL Xtis thought that a conmderable mm might iiereby be raised in aid of the hospital. An applirfttjnn trill be made for permisctm to hftTe a booth on the ground, the wiole profite from which will be also hs^'^ oner audit is thooght tia.t tie Shire Council would TEmit tie license fee. The stocking ef the booth will be done gratnitoasly by the brewers, pnblicans, batchers, and others. We commend tie idea to the butchers and pnblicans ioping that they will all asEist inplay aod otherwise. 