SUNDAY READING. Judgment-—Our Bcward. Br me Key. W. P. Mackat, 1T.A. 6 "J" DO not tliink that we can know we are JL. saved till the judgment day.1 'But it matters very little what we think, for God says that Hia Bible is written that we may know that wc have eternal lifo.' (1 John v. 13.) This is the answer to such a false and absurd statement; God's word was- written that we might antrdate the judgment day and know its issues now. Do you think that the Apostle Paul, after having been 1,SOO years with the Lord, is to stand at tho judgment day to know whether ho is saved or not? This is most evidently absurd. In John v. 20*30 we get the whole point settled by infinite wisdom. If you have not passed from death uutolifo down here below, and are not thus standing in tho rank of those who 'shall not come into judgment,' you will be damned to all eternity. As the tree falls it lies. The God'y man crie3, ' enter not into judgment with Thy servant, for in Thy sight sludl no man living be ju tified.' (Psalui cxliii 2.) Through death and resurrection in Chris*, as those who liavc been judged and justified, we are prepared for eternity. From theabovo mistake, however, some arc often in clined to flee to another. ' How can I be judged after I am saved ? ' and the answer to tho question 13. God says, 'we must all appear before tlie judgment-seat of Christ that every one"may receive the things done in ht's body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad1 (2 Cor. v. 13), a'so ' Why dost thou judge thy brother? or why does thou set at naught thy brother ? for we shall all stand before the judgment-seat of Christ.' (Homans sir. 10.) These statemerts are perfectly re concilable with the precious truth that the believer' shall not come into judgment.' We shall never be judged as to whether we are saved or lo»t, but every deed we have done shall be judged, deeds we have forgotten, deeds we did not know wc had done. Those who, are in Christ will rejoice to see all their rubbish burned Only then will they know what grace has done for them; then they shall receive their rewards. Those not in Christ shall be destroyed with their works- ' If the righteous scarcely be saved, where shall the ungodly and'the sinner at pear?' We are justified by faith ; we are judged according to our works. Many, even Christians, forget this and think that because, as to justification, jud' cially our sins are blotted out, therefore there will be no judgment. This is most unsetipturaL We are saved as to our persons, but ire must all appear before the judgment-seat of Cha-u Our every motive shall then nceive its eia t value. ' What manner of perstnt ought we to be? • Is it not practical infidelity on this point that leads Christians often to be careless? Beware! God is not mocked! whatsoever a man sows, that shall he also reap. I. The Soy of Gjd Healiko.—In the | beginning of John v. we' see the contrast be tween the quickening power of Christ and the weakness of legal ordinance, in the history of the infirm man at the pool of Bcthsaida, who had the desire fer health, but not tho power to profit by the occasional means—tbo angel's visit To'trill was prcs«nl with him, but to perform he could not. How like a man under law: ' But what the law could not do, in that it was-weak through the flesh,' God did in Christ. The Lord Jesus came to the powerless one, and by his word cured him: ' Arise, take up thy-bed and walk.' Strength came on the spot. Here is the life manifested now, God manifest in the flesh—the Son of God. II. Tjis Boy of Max. Rejected.—The Jew#,* thinking themselves far better than Clirist, sought to kill Him because He wrought on the Sabbath. He showed that God could not rest amid sin and misery, and that he and the Father were or.e. The Jews sought to kill . Him. What a marvel! God manifest in the i flesh could become the victim of man's hatred J The Creator submitted to be killed by the creature! Yes; for he was the Son of man. | The Lord now shows them the whole truth concerning the maftcr. He was not another God, but in full union with the Father; doing ; 'nothing of Himself' (there cannot be two in dependent supreme beings), 'hut what He oeoth the father do;' and there nothing that the father does which he does not show the Son. Christ speaks of Himself as God He also speaks of Biuisrlf as in a position to do the Father's will as the perfect servant who can be seen of men. III. CeillST, THE QciCKBKEH AM) JUDGE. —To show His gtorr in so doing, He epraka of two things (verses 21,22) 'He quickcnsth whom He will;' and the Father hath 'com-i mitteu all judgment unto the Bon.1 As Bon of ' God he gives li*e; but as Son of man He may : be 'njccled,' 'disallowed,' 'disowned,' 'de epiied,' 'dishonoured,' therefore 'the Father judgcth no man. but hath commiltfd all judg ment unto the Son, that all (even his rejectors) should honour the Son, even as lluy honour the Father.' If we do not receiro Him in grace, wc must honour liiin by being judged by him; and all arc divided into these two claeses. Men have many distinctions in society | —high and low, rich and poor, old and young, I good, bud, indifferent, very good, rcry.bad; ' but the great division of mankind before God, is into those who hare been quickened by Christ', the Sou of God, or who shall come into judgment, under Christ the son of man. To which class do you belong? There must be no mistake 011 this point, for a slip here is fatal forever. God has left no doubt about the means of knowing it. ITe has gircn us a per fect test by which wo may know infallibly, emphasised by a double 1 verily* from tho mouth of incarnate Truth. 17\. Kveuv Uelibvee hath Everlasting Life.—1 Verily, verily, I say unto you he that heurcth My word, and beliovctli Him thut sent Mo, hath everlasting life.1 ' Ho that lieareth My word.* This is the word that brought order out of chao3, light out of durknoss. T his is the word that made myriads of shirs re voire around their centres. This is the word that formed mun and beast, and tree and rock, that formed ' the sea * and the ' dry land.' This is tho word that Juirus* daughter heard ns she lay on her couch in the sleep of death. This is tho word that the son of. the weeping Widow heard at liaiu's gate, as ho was being carried out on his b'er. This is the word Hliat Lazarus heard es he Iuy rotting in his tomb, and hearing which he came forth a Using mun. Whosuover now hears that word, and trusts that Fathrr who s.-nt Christ by believing this life-giving word, 'hath ovorlasting life.' Anxious soul, you huro often said, Would that I could see Him with these eye?, I would draw from Hiui ono word that would give mo life! Would that I could see Him walking past my door, I would rush out and grasp His robe and be healed, as the poor woman was who touched His garment. Yes, but is His word not the same now, and f-tr more important to us? that blested word , which His Spirit of truth has written about I Him, and whispers into your soul concerning him. For say not in thine h art who eholl ascend up into heaven to bring Christ down ? He has come down. Or who shall descend to the grave to bring Him up? tflo is risen, Ife is gone above. Hut His word is in thy mouth and in thy heart, and will it not satisfy you— His word, which is nigh to you, close to you Mho word of salvation which we preach?' ' Hear, and your soul shall Jive.' What a con tradiction 1 Can metaphysics explain it ? Can man's reason fathom it ? Yet we believe it Man's line is too short for min's need, but he that believetli * hath everlasting life.' It is not a life on probation (as Adam's, which could be los ), but everlasting life, Christ's own life; for it is 'no longer I, but Christ that liveth in me.1 It is not' shall have,* but' hath/ It is not the promise of a future blessing at the lust day, but the gift and present possession of life now! Hearcth. believeth, hath; what a gospel for poor dead sinoers! We need no longer wait at 'pools/ for Christ has come do*n; no longer do we seek and arc unable to find, for He has come * to s?ek and to tare * the lost. - He has come to undertake for those that are without strength.' What, dishonour then can there be like doubting his'word!' The devil says, Hare you believe such good news? file Holy Ghost says, Dare you doubt it ? Tlic devil savs, It would be presumption to hear His word, as if it were for you./ The Holy Ghost says it.is,just for you, olid it would be the highest presumption, ar.il assisting of Him, to stop your ears. All at onge you catch the oyo of tho one who ii lending and organising! 'i ho loot is' enough • there is direction, tyiprovul, confidence, en couragement, inthutopugltince,ond jou vrork nimyultogclherdilfercntly. A'crygrticiousjydoc! tho unstcr. sometimes gives this strengthening look—giving, in a way no ono could convey to another, just whut wo needed for our special ■work. AVe know that our Lord liai looked upon us and tho look has, Hashed electric strength into licurt and hand; and wo go on our way rejoicing, not at all in feeling any moit able than before, but in the brightness of his power, saying, 'I will go in the alrebgthof the Lord God.' And tlion his own strength is ours, and ho says,' Go in this thy might/ for Hby God hath commanded thy strengthandyetsn know more distinctly than ever that it is hii strength which is made perfect in ourweahnesi Who is it that shall have tho strenlhcning lool of tho Lord ? ' To this man. will I look,' saith Jehovah,'oven to him that is pcor ardoft contrito spirit' It was ho who said,1 What ii thv servant, that thou shouldcstlook upon eucl a dead dog as I am ?' who ' did eat coalinual'i at the king's tahlo.' Tub Health Act—The Central Board o Health met on . Friday week to conside what amendmenta of the Health Act shout bo suggested for insertion in the amending b? proposed to be submitted to l'arliament Tliet were present: Dr. Bell (in the chair), Mi John l'otri', Hon. W l'eltigrcw, Dig. Cunnat Prentice, and llioinson, and the secretaii (Mr. Arthur Eawlins). Tho bill introduced £ the Council by Dr. O'Dobcrty in 1879 *e discussed, and most of its provisions met wit the general approval of tho board. TJllimatel it wus agreed that Dr. Cannan, Mr. Pctrio.aii the secretary should wait upon the Pre'mit and request him to meet tho board on torn convenient occasion to consider tho wkol question. 