ROUGH ON HENRY W. BEECHER. THE San Francisco \'NwC. L,'/tr of Sept. 22nd says :-In a discourse recently delivered by the Rev. John Hemphill, the noted charlatan, Henry Wood Beecher, was handled without gloves. His visit to the coast has proved a failure, his alarming progress towards infidelity, his defiant contradictions of all hereto fore held sacred by the Christian com munity, his irrevant manner of dealing with the Bible and its teachings, and his efforts to thrust aside all belief, heralding the dogma that face is a fallacy and reason the only guide to follow, has weaned from him many of those, who, conceding him to be one of the most wonderful men of the century-a plausible theorist, a fluent talker, and a man of great personal magnetism- were curious to see and hear him, and for a time patient and tolerant under his teachings. Unlike Col. Ingersoll, he fears to awow himself boldly what he is, but seeks to reconcile his belief and doctrines with those of revealed religion; as Dr. Hemp. hill puts it: "He is vascillating, here to day and yonder to morrow, and preach ing a doctrine of his own. He is not sincere. In a public speech made by him recently, he ridiculed the Sacrament of Baptism, and on the following Sunday in private he baptised a child in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Beecher's arguments will be of no avail. The Bible has lived for ages, and will be considered an inspired work for ages to come, and the truth of the Lord will endure for ever, despite of Beecher. Somehow, in this connection, we are re minded of STiii DI.ATH OF TItE FITA.iiEFUi, K*IGiiT." "Knights! of your charity I pray, leave him lying here a space, On tic faes beforc.the altar, with the sun upon his tlae; Lay his recreant sword beside him, and the bat tcred helnet dim, With its blood- stained sleeve of yellow some fair ladygave to him. Though he lived a grnescess Illf, though he died a shameful death. Fighting on the side of evil, lying to his latest hreatl, Yet he fought both well and bravely, knighlly wise did wield'hls sword, Till a righteous foe asesiled him, and he died will. .dut a word.' Thet?e is, a neat story of Tallyrand in the lately published .dairy of Henry Greville. Tallyrand and the stupid ~apoleonio Royalist Narbonne were driving together, and Karbonne prosed on intolerably. They not a man who yawned violently. "Don't apeak so loud,"' aid Talleyrand, * we are overhoard." - " 