ST.' ANDREW'S CHURCH,- SUM ME II . LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. . The interesting ceremony of lnying the founda tion atone of a new 'Anglican obn roh at -Snmmer Bill was performed on Saturday '"afternoon in tbo ' presence of'soveral'bnndrede of persons, but "the attendance was marred- by a heavy shower which ' leii cariy in tno, afternoon, ana Dy tno tnrcatening. appearance ot, the eky, ; thongh fortunately no fain' fell during. the proceedings. ,Tbe chnrch site is a very pleasant one, situated on, blgh ground com manding an extensive prospect "spread out on all Eidos round," and wilnin'only a snort distance of the Bummer Hill railway platform.'- 'Tholand is a block at 'the cornor of. Smith and HenBOn'Etrcets, having a frontage: of' 200 feet to each Btreet, and on it at tho present time are tbe parsonage and a large Bchoul-honse. which is being used for chnrcb pnrpoioa pending tbo erection of the new building, ' The school bntldihg oo'st some £1500, tbopaisonage \- £1500, and the lrnd and cottage £1350, and there isonlyadobi on the parsonage of £1200. .When . It 1b considered that tbo parish has been lormed for only about three years, this result must be con sidered-most' gratifying and encouraging to tbo officers of the church to incroeso the accommoda tion of tbo .chnrcb,' which is already totally: In- . adequate for tbe requirements of the district. The aum of £10.30 was raised towards tbo 'erection of. a. sow. building,' and. tbo chnrcb officers folt them- selves, justiflcd , in undertaking the work. Only, a portion of tbo building, tbo chancel and two- thirds of the"; have, -will bo completed, and will' afford accommodation Tor. about eOO porsona, but the whole building .when ffniahed . will, seat 750 people.. The estimated cost of tbe present portion k '£COOO. '. Mr E. L, .Elpbinetone, junior, of l'itt- . streot,' Sydney, is -tbo architect, and Mr Qeorge ' Bowling, ; of .Asbfleld,' the''-' contraotor. The rile- wae- decorated 'with a-' liberal- display of banting, forming .- a very- conspicuous object in: tho Summer -Hill' landscape. - The follow-- ing is a description ; 'of ' tbo building : — The architectural design; ' is Gothic of tbe "decorated period." '' This is principally ovi-. denced in tho mouldings snd tracery of tbe doora'and window, openings on the .exterior,' and the", chancel arches and traoery'ot tbo roof princt- .' puis of the interior of tho building.' Groat effort . Jiob, -been made by tbe committee apd.arcblteet to render the dcBign perfect in character, and every detail ae .well as tbo general- effect, and tbo ar- . rangemonts for. comfort and convenience, have re ceived from tbem a most- careful study, Tbo principal - features of - the interior of the church ' are tho chanoel arches; These are arranged «b a triple nrdhj .the, , centre -;on'e: being considerably : wider and proportionately: higher than that on either eide. - The arches are to ba built of best : Byrmont stone, supported on stone piers compoBed : of-cfoatored shafts, with tiohlyicsrved capitals, and - deeply nndereut mouldings to the srchivolta and bsBBB. .' The pillars .suppbrUeg tho clerestory .wall-: ', are of stone, with .clroular shafts and moulded cap.B - and bases.!. The arches supported on these pillar's ato built of double oompresscd - bricks,' roliove'd by rims of colored bricks with stone for the springera and koystenoa." ' GU the exterior of. the buildingd pretty effeot has been - obtained by the use of colored brioks for the1 eavaB 'conrse and the "string and Bill ooursep," with stone for the dressings of tbe door" and ' window opehingsj and the.weuihorings of tbo buttresses. ' The dimensions of .the 'different \- parts of the dhurCh are as'fotlows The nave is CO feeVwido by , 05 foot' in lcoglh, bitt.bnly 60 feet of which 1b ' to be built.'hnder present contraot, Tbo chancel is 27 feet. by 3-1 feet, having a vestry on one side and . an . organ chamber on the other. Tbe height of tbo.elejestory'walls .isSO feet, and tho ridge of -.the roof is CO. feet .high from the floor _ lino. .At the north-west aorner of -the completed design rises n'wcll- prdportionod tower with a lofiy- Bpiro,. - The general wullintr of the' building is of whttodouble compressed "brioks with stono dress ings and- heavy 'stone basrmoht on - a oonorote foundation. Tho root. is conatruotod of kanri pine and covered with purple Bangor slates.' ; A select company attended -the ceremonial on Saturday, among whom .were the following:— Hon.' A, Stuart, Colonial Socretary : and Premier, and Mrs Bluait; Mr B. H. D.-White; M.L.A. The following clorgy -woro - likewise'., present The Archdeacon of Cumberland, tho'Denn of Bydmjy, . Canons Stephen and Moretdn, thq Bevs. 0. ='d. Madgwiek, F. B. Boyoe. T, lloiihes, W. Ooombes, S.lox. S.Mitcho11; 0. Baber, B. M'Keon, Dr. Oor- ?9lte, G, S. 0.S tiles, and JohnYaughau. Tha proceedings' were begun by the Bev, J- YAyaHAirgiving outtteehjuan— ' i .Qiidet|ls ear eMet steM,' This -was followed 'by "responses, and Psalm cxxxil., after wbioh tho . . ... . . Bav. O.Badeb read "ttoj lesson, 1 Oor. iii., to verse 18,' and 1 ' ' - A'tobdeacdn'EiNQ read 'tbe Colleets' for the first Sunday ln' Adveuf,' Bt; Simon smd Bt. Jude, and 8ti'!Andrew'a:Day. ' ' Tho' Bov.9Jon'N"VA'n'aiiAif then road tbo follow- ing dooument/whioh,'' together" with oopies 'of the " Ohnrob of-Engtend Becord,"'tbo « S, M; Herald,", the .".Bydney Dally Telegraph;" and the "Evon"-' \- ing.News," : was ; deposited1 under tho'foundatio'n- Btone:r".The foundation-stone of this eharoh,' to bo called aftor'tho apbstle' Bti'Andrew, in the parish of Summer 'Hill, and in- tho 'county of OumWland,"' was laid by Mrs Alexander Stuart on Saturday, the ' , 8th day of December, 1883, .being the 17th year of the 'reign" of her; Most 'G racious Majesty Queen Viotorla-j the'Bigbt' Hoh.'"Loid Augustus Loftus, G.O.'Bii boing Governor of 'Now South Wales, and .. the 'Hon.'' Alex,; Stuart Premier nnd " Colonial Scotetaryt - Mr Mark Hammond, mayor of tha:-" borough f of 'Ashfield; .Bishop of ' Syd ney, MotropoHtsn. of Now South .Walesj 'and' Primato- t'of --Australia' and 'Tasmania faleot, not-'consecrated), the' Bev.' Canon Barry, D.D,,. D.O;Ii. ' Tho Bev.'-Wm, Macquario Oowper, M.'A., : Ylcar- Genordl "and':'Dean of- Sydney. Bev. John Vaugban;- Incumbent of St. Andrews. "Truattoa, Messrs W. W. Rlchardsorii' Gebigo GrUUthe, Edwin' Chlsolm;: ; M;D.,' and Hugh - Kobisoo. Church wardens, >Dr E. Obisolm, Hon.- Alex. '8tuart,J and3 WHUtVU WHUUlUg SUUlUlltltJU— thetrueteee, together with the Qon. Alex. ' Stuart; Measre Thos. Fisher,' Thos. ' Poat0, Wm. Gelding, and the Incumbent. " God save the Queoo." . m Mra- Alexander Stuart was then orraented by Air ThomaePisher with n bandsomo trowel 'of.: solid I. ,.?11!?11111'''' 'n deeign,; tbe- workmanship'of ' Mr.-- W,--' Kerr/ of .George-street, and ' bearing the. fol|owlng:teBcrlptlon ; " " ' " - V; ' « !; -Presented : llrB. Alexander Stuart' " " ' " : . . . . ' 9n the occasion of ,jt. - laying the . foundation stone ' ;-v of;;./, ,, St. Andfetv's Ohurcb, -. i-., ; ..Sum'mer Hill; - . : ; Deeember'8,1883, " - . , ¥-, , was, t then" requsstod. to rlsy - the foundation, stsfno, which: she-did in tho followlnrr words i-r"! lay thisbs thd. foundation etouo of 5 xhurch'te,bo bulltinithis plnoe/i-lobonamcd after the Apostle " 8t ,1An'drew,M'.in, the .na'm'B,.o'l!,lhe,J j Father, and of ' the Son,"' and bfJtba,.Hbly. Ghost,; I Amen." v t-V UV 1 ; . The service .having been oonolnded, -. . "... ; The. Very Bev.;the,,DEAJ?',o'p1"StDNET, said he,! 1 wished toasya fqwyords 'to th'emi'bat it wab not' hia intention; to, inQlotVa'Jong'apeeoh npou them.; . Tbe:4'flrat;<thibglte':;.ha"d®tb 'that "the. ccremony in which they bad beenVen'gaged 'i n ' lay- ' Ing th.e .fonndatlbnatonel'of .'a house of God In . tbat. place,' "wa8,,one':thrat', marked" the, .progress whlch was a lawof .the Chorch' of Christ. In'every . 'place .- where -. that \chhrch "was. in a heilthy; and; vigdron'i-'cbndittbn.','' It'll was , abont ,tbrae'. years since .tho first ; step", was'ltaken ' towards, snpplylng- themtolBtratlbna"; of religion In; that neighbour-' hood .'tbrongh'-thQ, Appointment 'of the Bevl John.' yabgban by'the lale Bishop of Sydney.; A dlatrlot . was marked ont, and . ehoruy after formed, into a;, psrisb. ::Mr Vangban, be thoogbt, bad nndertakon tbe charge' in a. rather .bold 'spirit, because matters . were in a somewhat' uncertain state, and the 'whole work, was . lup-blll work. .' "Iflqjf ever, T Mr .yaugha'n 1 had iho coursge to underlakolit; and God, had ' prospered it, iurroundlng the minlater with many , friends 1 of the church, who - had already accom- plieht'dlwhat bad.been effected,. They had created a school- honse in Iwhich tbb congregation gathered, : though he remembered that previous to that" they , assembled in the Oddfellows'. Hall. After removal' into tbe school-bonso, it had b'scdme.tob 'amaU for them, and so; the necessity had orlseu for a larger chucb, the foundation.stono of whlch' bad.'been laid'tbat afternoon.. In the meantime'lanother. very important work, tho erection 'of a parsonage, ' bad been completed ; and'tsking those twb'works ' together, be thbught thoy must;admit that a very Important and very great work, bad - been done. ' The erection of , a hew church was a , necessity for the spiritual .'welfare' of -the' people ;at, presont in the '" 'district; '' and It was - .necessary , for ' them also to ' look forward tol the', requirements! of a Icontinuou'sly inoteising- population, so fhat'any ' church 1 they ; might build ' must be equal '.to tho: Vccommbdatibn of several ' hundreds , ' of people,. Ho 'was informed; that', there was very uphill work to be 'accomplished in build ing that c'nurcu. He conldatato that tho.buiiding would cost something like £0000— Mr.Yaughan : All , of that— and therefore .it was necessary to say ' that thoy would h'ava to work hard— (bear, hear)— and join heart am) hand,'put their hands into their pockets freely, aa Christian' men and women": and " children, ought to do, ' in order to provide' the meanb for building that houso of God.' ' That;; he reminded them,' was the' proper desig nation— a hotiso of God, for the purpoao of gather- ing.in as His people, rendering solemn and devout worship, to Him, and, Also .'a -place in which to teach their children the way of '.true.' holiness, Cbuld he not impress' on them to reinom- ber, . as they saw . that building . going np towards completion, 'that it .was, n . witness for. God in . that 'neighbourhood ; ; that' it was to be a testimony that there was a-Ohristinn people in that: placb , who desired to gratify Him " in whom we live", and move, and have! our being." .One great 'n'soof Ihe oburch was. tobe! a .witness' for God alTover:the land, "a testimony by the-people'wbo worshippedinthem, notwlthstand- ' inglall. the, folly spoken", by; unbelievers, and the absurd! ties spoken by would-be philosophers. ' ; In , the present , day means' were often taken for the erection "of churches which could hardly be consi dered Compatible, witb Christian profession ; .but . he hoped - the money in . tbe present case would comc.in freely from the 'people, bo that when the cburcb came, to be dedicated', to. tha worship of God it might be presented a8'a purc,offdriDg,.nnBtained by anything unworthy of the high and holy mo- lives'wbicb ibotild guide .them in such works' as that." He congratulated tboBe wbo were: engaged in -that noble umlertaking on tbo' success which bad so far. attended .their efforts, and oh the fact of their having procured the services of a lady," long known as a dear friend of the cauEe,'to- per form the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone. Ho earnestly urged them all; to do something in carrying out that great work. E van- the children could do 'something. . Thoy needed more of the spirit of liberality which actuated the apostolic ctnrcb, and be trusted something of that spirit would actuate them here. I The Hon. Alexandeb Bibaut thought they might congratulate themselves on tbe occasion of their assembling that afternoon. As thoy nearly all knew, the management of that church had 'been goiDg on from month to month, with the in tention' of undertaking what had been-commenced that day. The woik had been forced upon them ;by the very neceskiUes of the case. The sudden growth and rapid development of Summer Hill ihad made the building, which they expected would have lasted some time, too'small for the wants of the place. It would have been folly to bavc com menced too.' small .a bnildlng, because there were evidences that the growth of Summer Hill had not ceased,- and therefore' they had laid the foundation of what be thought wonid commend itself. to them' as a- noble stincture. It was done, not for perso nal gratification; but aB. a recognition of .the duty they owed to the - God and Father of . them all. Tho work wbb a . great one,' and would reqaire a large amount of 'money, lint that; ought rather 'to be-' an ' incentive to "them ' to bo np and doing, eaoh one determined that he or she Bhonid havo a part '-'in tbo building of the ' chnrcb, ; If they phlled together they would . overcome all difficulties, and as the building grew before tbeir eyes, they would have an increasing incentive to do their portion of tho woik.; He -thought there was no harm in building ahead of the present requirements, be cause tho sooner they got- into < the ohurch the sooner they would be receiving an increased and iincreasing- revenue.'. -'They 'all knew-and < appre ciated the labours of their ineumbeut; who was so 'terribly in "earnest in this matter that they could not but support him ; and as it- was his (the incumbent's) duly to build the spiritual house, so it was their -duty to undertake tho temporal building, ., '; - I Tbe Itev. John Yauohan said they had already: signed n contract ' for £5850,- but that did not include tho cost of any furniture or fittings, pulpit, deBk, east window, or an organ ; so that the total codt would be £6000 before thoy oould get into tbe building, Tbcy bad already received from friends in 8ydney, other places, and Summer Hill the sum of £1630. Ho mentioned that on the Sunday school roll there were ho fewer than 350 names; 'and on Sundays they would: find the school-church not only filled with children, but the vestry, and also the verandah of - the parson- - age, tho dining-room, and next Sunday the bal cony was to be -used,' so tbat would abow' them liow the work of building a new church had been forced upon them, : A. collection was therynadc in aid of the build ing fund, the amount received; including £131109, wbioh had been forwarded to-be placed upon the stone, making the handsome totul of. £276 7s 7d. The' benediction having been pronounced, the proceedings terminated. ; 