SPORTING INTELLIGENCE, THE VICTORIA riiurriNG CLUB. The ruco meeting held by the Victoria Trot- ting Club on the Elaternwick track on Satur- day afternoon asna well attended, the stand being crossded to excess, Inaide tho course the attendance waa not Bo large as might have been expected. The racing commenced svith the 500 aovs purse, for which four out of the Blx horeeB engaged carno to the poat, the nbBenteea being Von Moltke, jun , and Startle retiring HoneBt), who had a high reco.d in America, and who was imported to compete for thia pri?e, waa made the favourite. The exhibition of trotting in deciding thia event waa the fineat ever wit- nessed in Auatrnlia, 'hough there wero \ irtually only threo competititora, forContractor.whoae condition waa not nearly equal to tbo others, isis diatanced in the first heat. The favourite juBtihed the good opinion of hia backera by mrrjmg oil tbe prize svitbout losing a heit, iliough had the driver of Len Rose taktn adsaiitige of his position on the inBideat the i-TiiiiuiUion of the second heat, he might have scored a win on that octipuon There cannot bo a doubt that the beat horse won Len Roao lind Ajox both Bhossed brilliant pace, but they conatantl) lost ground when pressed through breaking In tina respect the svinner svas svell named, for o more houeat boree never trotted in Victoria. Mr Strettle had a good deal of difficulty in starting the horses, owing to thoconJuct of the drivers of Len Roao and Ajax. In Btnrting the last heat Honest) got a slight advanuige, at which Bomo dissatisfaction svaa manifested b) the crowd. This WUB rather unfair to the starter, who hod done hia beat to secure good starts, and had constantly been thwarted by tho drivers of Len Ro-e and Ajax. A do/en horses started for the Sham rock Handicap, which waa won in good atyle by Caasiopoio, Stationer securing Becind place, and Haidee of the Hills third. Nine lioraea started for the St. Patrick's Uandicip, CasBiopeia being made a Btrong favourite Hulf svny up tho Btrnight she looked all over u winner, but Weatbury coming with a Budden rush managed to beut her on the poat by a neck. Tho day'a racing concluded with the Faugh a-ballagh Hurdle Race, for which eight horses started, which waa won comfoitabl) by Pride Merry Maid, Blue Bell, aud Bendigo fell at the first hurdle, the rider of Blue Bell being evidently badly injured. He mis not, however, brought into the stand mcloeure, the club evidently not possessing any means of transporting an injured jorke) With thia exception the meeting passed oil in a moat satialactory manner. The follow- ing are the particulars of the racing : PU BSE OP 300 S0V3 Milo Heats Heat throo In flvo. Mr. J H Whiting's cb li Houesty, 0 yrs, by Priam, dam Hy Chieftain (VV. Parker) .111 Mr K U Dean, bli Ajix, ugod, by Whlpplcs's Harablotonlan-Aflac-t (Sheppard) - .. 2 S 3 Mr J A Roberts' g ii Lou Roso, 8 yrs, by A. VV. Richmond-Barbara (Mulholland) ..322 Mr J. J Miller's b li Contractor, agod, hy Ajax-Lsdv Oodolo) (U Grifflii) .. ..(dist) Betting-First Hoat-6 to 4 on Honesty, 0 to 4 mel Lou Roso, 3 to 1 acst Aj*x First Hoat -A j- got assay In front, and led round the turn a length lu front of Len Roso and Honesty Contractor isas about four lengths iff Going along tho back Btrctch, Ajax gainou a lead ol three clear lengths Lon Rose, ssith Honesty closo up, ssas i oxt. Contiactor ssas lagging in pclcssly In tho roar Aflor rounding tho far turn, Honosty begao to draw np to Ajex; I.on Roso OB thoy dcBceuood tho hill ssas four lt-iigtlis away. In tho Btralght Ajsx broko and was passod by Honosty, who sson by aoout tsso lengths Ajix ssas second, and len Ho«o third, use lengths on* Contractor was distanced. Timo, 2m 30.* second Hoat -Honesty and Len RIBO ssoro nsvay tngethcr in front, ana raced round the first turn close ti>e.other. Going along tile back strotch Len Kolo itiolco and lost ground. About the half milo post I en itnso and Ajax went up to Utmost), and for Mme dlBtaiico tlios- wero running together. Coming dtitvii tile lull Lou Roso broko, hut mado up lils grounu nell, and a Uno strugglo up tho straight ensued, Üonosty winning hy a nock. A jax was three lengths assay Time, 2m 33.3 Third Heat -Boning-3 to 1 on Hnncsty. Honosts liad tho best ol tho start, ami osvlug to Len Rose liri aklug at tho turn ho gained a eonHldi rabio alisan ut*o Along the back Btrotch Uonrsty ssaB InartliiL Ajax by two lengths; Lou Rose ss a« about live lengths away At tbo far turn Ajax sscnt up to Honosty, but broke, and lost ground Descending the hill _cu ltnso broko badly Ajax mado n good effort at Hie turn for homo, but li uicBty drow onay In tho straight -ind svon by nearly four lengths A ji\ svas second, a iciigtu In front ot Len Roso Time, "i 3JJs SHAMROCK HANDICAP, Of 100 BOSS. _ lvo furlongs Mr T. Wilson's b m Cassiopeia, 6 )rs, Sät. 121b. «3. Durton) .. .. _ .1 Mr VV. Langley'a br li Statlonor, 4 yrs, 8st 41b. (Koli)). _ 2 sir L L Smith's b m Holdoo of tho Hills, 6 yrs, 8»t.7lb (J Belli)). "3 Mr iv. If N Poison na bl g Towouf, 0 yrs, Ost. lOlh (MostorPossoll) .. _ " _ ..0 Mr H Connolly ns br h Timon, 0 yrs, 7at. 01b (Garuor) _""__.._ 0 Mr F. Moitison'a b g Gaunt- Chronograph, 4 yrs, Ost 1210 (Hamilton) .. .. _ _ _ 0 Mr A T Bradshaw'8 ch c Yellow Hammer, 2 yrB, Gst 71b (Bacchus) .. .. .. _ ..0 Sir M Grltlla'fl bl h WcBtbury, 0 yrs, 8st. 81b. (Robinson) _ _, " .0 Mr J Saqui's g g Dictator, ti srs, 7flt 41b (Walket) o Mr. J. A. Lang's b t Agatha, 2 )r«, 7st. 81b (Mus graso) _..-._...._. 0 Mr T. Hcnty's b m PriofitesB, 4 y ra, 7st 31b. (Horton) _ . ... 0 Mr J Whittingham'a br t Honora, 2 yrs, 7st. 121b (SheoboD)'* .. .. " .. " _ 0 Hotting -2 to 1 ogst CoBilopola, 5 to 1 Westbury, 0 to 1 each Stationer and Haidee of tlio Hills. After a good iloal of dilllctilty, occasioned by the mlsbehasiour of Kelly, Riley, and Horton, a modorato start ssas effected, Stationer being In front, ssith Ilaldoo of tho UfltB and Cassiopeia In closo attend Dieu. Ilaidco of tho nllltt went up losol svith Ntatlonor at tho fur turn, Casslopoia, Honora, Yollmv Hammer mid Westbury fullussiug in a cluster, Haidee i f Iho Hills, Agatha, mid Stationer raced together in tho In lit till halt way up the straight, whoro CUB piupcia carno svith a ruflli, and sson by a length; Sta- ll iner ssas sccuhd, Ualdco of tbo 13111a third, Agatha, Westbury, Hünorn, and Yoliow Hammer ssero noxt, lu that order. Time, lin 4s ST PATRICK'S HANDICAP. Of 100 BOSB Otto milo and a distança Mr. M Griffin . bl h WcBtbur), 0 )rs, 7st 41b , Including 41h over (Robertson) _, _ "1 Mr T. Wilson's b ui Cassiopeia, b yrs, 8st dib lu cludliiif&lh; penalty (Burton) .2 Mr M P WliltD'Bchg John Pool, 4)rs, 7st 31b Including 61b ponolty (VVttlkor).3 Sir G Powell ns - g Slltortii!!, aged, Ost 41b (Maotor Powell) . " ..0 Mr J R Fairchild- br m Her NajoBty, 4 yrs, Ost ¡¡jib Including6Jlb. over (Whalloj) .. _ 0 Mr w. Ungle)'a bl h Hunter, 4 j rd, Ost. 21b (SVIlBon) .0 Mr. J Ha.iil'B gc Dictator, Ojrs, Oat 18lb. Includ- ing 01b ovor (VlUBgras o) _ .... 0 Mr R Johnson ns b in Qucon Mary, 4 yrs, Gst 131b. (Opio). 0 Mr J VVliitthigliam'B br t L'Africaine, 8 yrs, Ost 71b (Bacchus). _ ..0 Uottiti- -6 to 4 agst Gsst-lopeln, 3 to 1 aoBt John Peel, 4 to 1 aght VVostbury, 0 to 1 ogst any other Cassi'iucla led away, but waa passed by Hunter and Her Muj. sty before reaching the fitand. John Peo1, L'Afric duo, CaBslopota woro closo up After round In* Illa turn John Peel went to tha Iront, with Hunter and CaBBiopola ssoll up on the outside and Woslbur) at tho hoad of tho others Rounding tho far turu Cassiopeia ssas shusslng in front, Huntor, John Peel, and VVostbury wero noxt CaBBiopola lod to tho turn for homo, wheru John Peet, Hunter, and Westbury nero closo handy. Cassiopeia carno on Uko a winner, but half svay homo WcBtbur) como on with a brilliant rush, aud taking Burton Bomawhat hy surprlso boat bim on tho post by u nick John Peel ss aa third four lengths away, Hunter fourth, and Her Majesty fifth limo, 2iu l.s lAbGU A BALLAGH IIAÎ.DIOAP HURDLE RACE 100 soVB One milo and Hvo furlouga. Mr. W Hort'a b g Pride, 0 yrB, lOBt (J C»Boy) .. 1 Mr VV M'Lcod'a ch g Dillcuit, 4 yrs, Ost lib (M'Lcod).2 Mr T -oD>V- cb h Premier, 0)rs, 9it (T Hill).. 3 sir M Uiilllii- bl g Nigger, aged, Oit. 111b (F. Hil).-0 Mr M Jueobs's ch m Merry Maid, & yrB, lost (Hunt) . .. .0 Mr J D Robertson's b or m m Bluo Boll, 6 yrs, 0« lib (Malone) ... _ 0 Mr J A Liiiiu'a b li Petrel, 6 yrs, lost 41b (Plcrco) 0 Mr J IJ Gill's b g Bendigo, 0 )rs, lost (Delaney) 0 Mr J drittln'a br g Albatross, aired, Bat (J Ortflltt) 0 Betting -2 to 1 agat Merry Maid, 3 to 1 »gst Dili- gent, 4 lo 1 ogst Premlor, 0 to 1 ngst any other Premier had tho best of the start, Diligent and Pildo being next. At the first hurdlo Uorrymaid, Leiullgo, and Bluobell foP Passing tho stand Diligent ind Petrel wore togelher, svith Prldo closo up Diligent bold his load along tho back Btrotch, sshero Prioo waa racing him for tho lead Nearlng Um homo turn Prldo took the load, and coming on woll in front ison comfortably by a length, Diligent tvasaocond, and Premier third, ssith Petrel nearly lovel, 'lime, dm aja_ VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB. ST. PATRICK'S DAY MEETING. The race mooting held on Saturday at Caulfield, under the anspicea of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, proved a very enjoyable uno. The weather svas beautiful, and there ssuB, considering the counter attractions at Klsteruwick- park and other aporta meetinga, a vory good attendance The course svaa in splendid going order, and although the holda tor the different events svere not largo, the finishes in moat caaea avere cloae. A good many bookmakers put m an appearance, and, although the first race ssas decidedly agumst them, on tho wholo they must havo done well, as not another first favourite svou a race. fittaineaa commenced punctually at a quar- ter past 1 o'clock with the Selling Race, L ddington being installed tho favourite at level money Ho got tho beBt of the atart, au 1 the raco was ecarcely ever m doubt, aa ho svas going svell within himself until half way up tho Btraight, when Burton let bun go, ho won comfortabls by a longth and a half from Queen Elizabeth, Knnooti, who came svell at tho rinisli, being third Seven out of the eight horses on the cird were weighed out for tho Hurdle Race. Don Pedro and Merry Maid, at 7 to 4 and "> to 1 respectively, svero pretty well backed The favourite waa first asvay, and ho managed to keep the lead, although cloaely pressed until rounding the turn for home,when Eros svaa his immediate attendant. At the bottom of the corrnigc-pae-ock tho latter waa ahuken up, and answering every call made on him ho beat tho favourite by Imlf-a-longth, Bu//1, who ran behind nearly all t' svay, coming vary fast nt tho finish, and securing third place. TheSouth Yarra Handicapbrought out half a dozen horses, including the Mel- bourne Cup winner, who waa supported ut "> to 2, whilst Boolka's friends rallied round him freely, and a good deal of money was put on him at 2 to 1 Ho got away badly, los- ing two or three lengthB atthoRtart.otherwiee the finish rnicht have been different, Wizard, next the rails cut out the running for nearly half a mile when Uougalsion went to the front and led to near the home turn, where Boolka forged slightly ahead, and waa qnitkly followed by The Assyrian Kathleen Mat ouraeen and W i?ard wen in « good posi tion, and once fairly in tho Btrsight the quartette closed np, and one of the fineBt hnishea ever aeen on the Caulfield course ensued Boolka had ahghtly the b at of it, but Tho Aaaynan waa going well whilat Kathleen Mavourneen and Wi/ard next the rulla answered every call mads on them Stude by Btnde they got up, and by a line effort Dobson landed the son of Hercúlea by a neck from Kathleen Mavourneen, who defeated Boolka for BOcond placo by a head he being the same distance in advance of The Assyrian Sting wa3 never mentioned in the hotting, and he was never dangerous in the race Tor the Open Steeplechase aeven horaea faced Mr V\ aeson, and it waa c nsidered such a good thing for Luchre that he loft tho paddock at o to 1 on him Black thorn jumped away with the lend hut he was quickly supplanted by Clansman, who led round and into the atrni_bt when llbambra rushed to the front, and was lirst to negotiate tho jumps opposite the stand having the Hawk, Clansman, and Blackthorn ¡ia his followers, and all well up Going round to the sod wull Euchre ran up second, hut loflt (.round in coming to the turn for the straight, owing to the jockey las ing over too much towarda the big fences He waa third on entering the straight but before reaching the distance he waa taken to the lore Ihe Hawk, who had been running well forward, had too much foot for the favourite, and when called on drew away and won by a length from Luchro who waa hilf a length ahead of Clansman Onl) four horaes started for the \\\ elter Handicap, Game being most fancied Brenda got away first and led for about half a mile, when she was passed by tho other three At the distance the favourite was out of it 113 lho ABayrmn and Don Quixote were gradually drawing away from bun An exciting finish between the I ist named two ended 111 a dead heat, the Melbourne Cup winner getting up in the laBt two strides Ihe owuer« aj,rtod to divide the stakes and not run oil 1 he largest held of the da) vi/ nine horses, came out for the luBt event-tlie St Patrick s Handicap Con teBBina, who vvaB installed as iiret favourite, t,ot away badly, and waa never dangerous bquireeu was first away with tho Ghost and Huolka next, King Charles and I orlorn being ^ell up Rounding the turn to the straight Boolka and King Charlea hud gone up to the leaders, who Boon suLaided, and the pair came on together, but the son of Glorious, I'rhougb he carried top weight, waa not to be denied, and he landed the stakes by a length King Charles belüg half a length in idvauce ol Squireen the favourite, who came very fast at the finish, being fourth Annexed are the details of the da) s racing - SELLING KACB, Ul 100 Bovs Tho vvinuer to bo Bold for ISO sovs Weight»-2 yrs old, fat 7 b , S yrs old lost. 4 } rs old and upwards, lost 71b 71b allon ed for every £25 reduction In prico Fivo turlouga Mr U Connolly s cb e Liddintitnn, by Prate Martyr -Laiaujab 3 yra (£50), 8at (Burton) _ 1 Mr 1 Jones s br I Queou Elizaboth, S yrs (nil) Oat 111b, carried (1st 131b (Kelly) . 2 Mr S Millor-e ch g Kauoota, 2 yrB (nil) Gat 71b (Tuomy) _ _ . _ 3 Mr A Dowling abo Plato 2 yra (nil), übt 71b (Barr) _ - - 0 Mr L L Smith s b f Merry Fonolla, 2 yra (£60), Ost 41b , curried Oat. 01b (Stratford) _ 0 Betting -Even e¡,at Lidulngton, 2 to 1 agBt Queen Elizabeth lho favourlto got tbo bolt of the Btart, whilst Kauoota was left at the post Running round tho m to tho sod wall Llddlngton was lu tho van, with Queen Elizabeth second, Merry ieuolla wo 1 up , then como Plato and Kanoot* last. This order was main lulued rou id tho turn Into tho straight tho favourlto being half a longth in front of Queen Elizabeth who was near y a longtk ahead of Merry Fcnollu Before reaching lho distanco tbo Meo was virtually ovor as too favourlto drew away, ard won comfortably by a nclb and a halt (rom Quoen Elizabeth Merry 1*cudla tired lu tho Btraight and Kanoota coming up weil under tbo whip ftnishol a fair third, Plato beliif, f nvrtl, and Merry 1 enclla last Timo lm EJa Tho winner 011 bolne put up for solo was purcba&oi; by Mr A. Davies for £00 HURDLE RACE Of 100 aova , with a awcepaukca of 3 sovs coen Ono milo and throe quartera Mr ti 1 eond s ch 1, Eros, hy Snowdon, aged, Oat 13lh (Kilduf!) Mr R Batty na b b Don Podro, 6 yrs, lost 71b (Batty) _ _ _ Mr J u Ingliss b g Buzz», 5 yis, Oat 111b (lu eluding 61b penalty), (owner) _ .. Mr S Grimwood s b g PO, 0 )rs, lOat 81b (Seo le) Mr M Jacob» a ch m Merry Maid, 5 yrs, Oat. 121b (Uulit) . Mr A Taylor"8 bh First Knave, aged, Oit 01b (M Gowat ) _ _ Mr J Sherry na b g Shamrock aged, Oat 21b (Prco) Betting-7 to 4 agst Don Pedro 6 to 2 »gat Merry Maid, 4 to 1 agat ijirst Kuavc Buzzi, aud Shamrock , j to 1 ac,Bt P G , 0 to 1 agat Eros Tlie lot woro eont away at the second attompt, Don Pedro boing tho first to »how In front, followed by P G, Eros, and First Knave, thon carno Morry Maid -end Shamrock, whilBt Buzza waa laat Along tim aldo Don Pedro increased bia lead to about fivo lengths, P G being nearly a length in front of Flret Knave and Eros whilat Buzza still contli uod list At the first hurdlo Don I odro lod P O by noarly thrco lengths, Hr&t; Knnvo running tlilrl, Kroa, PG ind Morry Maid boing together Round the turn and up the straight Morry Maid wont up fourth, and no other chango took placo until after tho hurdlo on the Mil had beon safely negotiated Going along the I ick of tbo courso Shamrock and Buz/j, who had been running in tbo rear, com moncod to go up, and at tho Bamo timo Kroa waa taken up to second placo followed bj Morry Mai 1, Kirst Knave and Buzz*, PG, who was never dm hcrouB dropping 1 nek Don Pedro led round tho lal turn and Into tho straight, having E109 about a ioiii, iii I eblnd und bo In turu waa clOBely pressed by Morry Maid J?lrst Kimvoand Bu/za boin!, togotber Iusido ti 0 dlBUnco Kilduf! called on Eroa, and tho sou of Snowden answering tfatnoly, ho defeated tho fnyourito bv halt a length Buzza, who carno up woll in tho btruight, fluiaheil a "ood third, then carno Merry Ma| ), "irBt Knave P G , and Shamrock, In the ordor named lime Urn 81s SOUTH 1 \RRA BANDICAt, Of 160 sovs , added to a awi opstakta of 3 BOVS each Second hone to rocelvo 20 BOVS from tho stake Ono milo and a quarter Mr J Paterson s eli g Wizard by Hercules-Lady Clifden 6 yrs Ost 101b (Dobson) 1 Mr J M'KenzIos b ni Kuthleen Mavourneen, 6 yrs, Oit elb (Burr) _ 2 Mr 3 Millers b or br c Boolka 3 yrs, Sit 81b (Murphy) __..." 3 Mr C f Agnew a br h Tho Assyrian, G yrs, Ost 61b (Batty) _ . 0 Mr h Weck» eli h Sting, 4 yrs, 8at 01b (O Brien) 0 Mr L L Smith a c li Dougalston, 6 y rs, Oat 01b (Stratford) " _ 0 Betting-¿ to 1 agBt Boolka 6 to 2 agat Tho As») rtau, 7 to 2 agat Dougaleton, 5 to 1 agat Wizard and KaOjlcen Mavourneen When tbo flag tell Boolka was Bldowaya on, and 1 ... lefc at tlio post, losinc. nt loast throe lonc^lm Wizard II theinaitlowas tho first 11 show in front followed by DoueulBton, Stint,, Kathleen Mavournt-on, and Tho As . lian Rounding tho turn at tho lilli Katbloeu Mavourneen took third place, and Boolka who had mudo up aomo of lila lost ground, waa fourth, whilat Slii g had dropped bael last At tho far eldo of the courso Dougalston took up tho rilnnliic. und lod the field ata e 00 I paco, Boolka bolnc. eccond, Knthloou Muvrurncon third and Wizard fourth Along the back Btrotch to tho Bod wall Sllnc. was done with, whilst Boolka had gained a slight ndvantie.0 over DougalBton vvho waa toliowed bv The Assyrian, Kathleen Mavourneen and Wizard Along tho aide to tbo turn for homo Tho Assyrian im proved lils position, and was only about ball a lcilutti hoblnd Boolka uhowaBlcadinc,, aa tboysweptinto tho straight, Kathleen Mavourneen and Wizard boingvvolt up At tbo distanco tho four closed up, and a niae.nl flcent struggle ensued Wlzardand Kathlocn Mavour 1 e«n woro lying noxt tho rails and at tho carriego paddock a shoot would havo covered tho quartotto All tho j ickoys woro at work and tlio laauo waa In ilnuht half a dozen lengths from the post, hut by an tuirt tho inaldo borneo passed Boolka nnd Tho Asayrlan, aud, amidat great cxoltomeut, Wizard do (caled Kathleon Mavourneen by a neck a bead i nly separatinghcrfrom Boolka, whodefoated The Assyrian for third place by tho same distance Dougalston was Illili, and Sling last Time, 2m 16a OTEN* STEEPLECHASE OC 100 eova, added to a aweepatakea ol 3 BOVS each Two miles Mr O W Sinclair 8 cb g Tlio Hawk, by Panic, aged, lost 101b (M Gowan) .. "1 Mr J Scobie s b g Euchre, 0 yrs, lOat 71b (Scobie) 2 ll.iii W Pcaraon a b g Clansman, 6 yra, lOat 101b (Batty) _ _ _ 8 Mr T vv Phillipa s br g Blackthorn, aged, Hat 101b (Kilduf!) . 0 Messrs J und K Locky s br h Starlight (lau Glow light), at,od, lOst (bloyd) _ 0 Mr W Martin s ch g Alliambra, b yrs, Ost 71b (J Jollett) . _ 0 Mr J Sherry ns b g Shamrock, aged, Bat 51b (Croc) _ 0 Betting -6 to 4 on Fuchrc, 4 to 1 agat Tho Hawk and Clauaman, 5 to 1 othera Euchre was mado a vory hot favourlto for thiB uvent, and left tho paddock at 5 to 4 on bim A L,ood atart waa effected Blackthorn bclni, quickest on lila lu.», I ul I elorc tiley had gono JO yarda Clansman went ti ehe froi t attended by Tbo Hawk Alhambri liekthorn und Euchre Startlgt t and Shamrock li ii v. laat Altor cloarlnc, tlio first fenco Euchre wont up mid wusaccoul toClanBman as tho aotl wall waa nccutlati d, Allumbra waa next then carno Blackthorn Starlight, The Hawk und Shamrock »onultnetls oil leal Rnnndttic, tho turn C1 "isman Iel over tho next fonce, with lho Hawk, Blackthorn All unbra Fuchrn mid Starlight in tbo order 1 at 11 I and all well up Coming to the Hlralgnt Alhamí ra rushed to ti 0 front, and led over the doul lo ut tbo stand uttendo I ty Ho Hawk dal aman Euchre Blackthorn und starlight whilst Shamrock was 10 1CIU,11IB awuy N! 1 c1 111,0 to k 1 ' leo rou 11 tho turn mil over tbo fonc, n ti 0 hill but at the next tooee Starlight Btruck he ivtly und vv ia almOBt lown I-loyd making a coil r cuvery All mil ra continue 1 in tho van alonfc the I ack and ov cr the sod wall lo the aldo Gtrotch Euclir. ti el boluc, scoond with Blackthorn and Hie Hawk well together Clansman next, whilst Starlieht an 1 iilumiock woro outpaced Comliii, to tho lum int, tho straight Euchre raised tlio hopes of his backers by mulline, luto second placo, but Scoble loBt a length or two by atocring too much for tho hie foncea un trotting lairly Into tho straight Alhambra waa lierly holt -v bngth In advance of Blackthorn thon came Euchre, The Hawk, and Clansman Boforo re tchlu_ tho distance, Euchre deprived Alharnlraof tho lead, and a t,ood raco ensued Half vva> up the carrlac.0 paddock M'Gnwan braucht The Hawk min tho centre, and coming on undor a wot Ball ho was landed by a lent,til Euchra belnc, halt a lon.tli lu In nt of Clansman Blackthorn waa fourth ti cn c-ime Alhambra, Shamrock and Starlight Time, .m 30a WELTER HANDICU Of SO aova To bo ri Iden hy members or honorary members of the V AT O or any rocoenioc I club to bo approved by tho etovvards One milo Mr O S At,newabr li Tho Assyrian 5 j ra, by Country mun-Tlnflndor, Ov ra last oib (Owi cr) 1 Mr D S Waltact b g Don Qulxoto, bv Don Giovanni-Qulckatcp 4 era, Hat 111b (Mr w S Cox) _ _ 1 1 Mr T Wilson na h li Gamo, ngod, 12at 101b (Mr W Martin) _ _ 3 Mr J O IngllOB b m Brcnd 6 yrs, lost 61b (Owner) _ " , ^0 Bottii"- u to i n .,8t Carno tj t,3t Tbo Aaäy nat 3 111 at,«l Brei da 1 to 1 o",,t Don Q lixoto Only four out 11 the Bevon on the car t faced tha starter for thla race and Game waa madotha favourlto Tno Hellt »elcho 1 Breudu git tho hebt of tbo start, and after risl c, the bill led along tho back Btrotch by a coup o of lengths Tlio Aayrlan and Don Quivoto being tov,eth r and Gama last. Passlnc tbo sod vvoll the maro wen still in front, but tho othors wera npi 11} t,a!uli c on har und na thoy ran along tho far bl e to ti o turn for lion o Gamo went up and toi k tim premier position folio ved I y The Assyrian and Don Quivoto Entcrii c ti o atralcjit the three wero well losotlior, Don Quixote hav in., Bilghtly tbo best of it Inside tho distance Brenda was beaten aud it waa Been that tbo favourlto eonld not get up to Don Quixoto uni Tho Assyrian A Uno raco enaued letweontlio laat two named from ti o carrlago pad lock, the Melbourne Cup winner getting up in tho laat two BtridcaanI mikli g a dead hea of it Gamo, wbo waa third, waa half -v length oft" Time lm 60a Tho wnera of Don Q lixoto and Tho Asiyrl-iu agreed to divide tho atako nu I not run it oil ST r vouch, s U\NDIC\I, Of lOOsova .added to a awe pttvkcaof 2 soi 3 each. Six furlongs Mr S Mulcra 1 or Ir i Boolka, by Glorious Brl_et 3vra 0« 71b (Murphy) _ 1 Mr I I P nilli she Mug charlea (lot« Sir Chirit,-) 3vrs 7st (Stratford) _ 2 Mr A Svpii » b g squireen lyra Sst Dib (Davis) 3 Mr D S Wallace s b c Sir Charles, 3 yra, 7at. 81b (WllllamB) _ _ 0 Mr P 1 Heywood a b m Robecca, 6 yrs, 7st 71b (Uey wood) - 0 lion W Pearson a bl f Concession, 8 yrs, 7st 131b (Power) _ .0 Mr T Jones ro or ch h The Ghost, 6 yra, 8BL 121b (Kilby) _ 0 Mr J G Bold a ch h Tumult, aged, Sat Sib (O Bri n) _ _ 0 Mr J Ilittoa oh g Forlorn, S yrs, 7»£ lib (Smith) 0 Bctttnç. -7 to 4 agat Contoselita, 4 to 1 »get Boolka and Tlio Ghost, 6 to 1 agat Squireen and Forlorn, 0 to 1 «¡,8t Tun ult. Immediately tho Hag fell Squireen jumped away, at d I elng on the fusido, _ot a load of nearly a length wiil-ittho favourite got away badly, and was over that diatanco behind her horses hoioro thoy bad i,ono a hundred yard» Tbo Ghost was running second, Boolka third, then carno King Charles, For- lorn an 1 Rebecca Runnini, along tho side Contes Bina commenced to go dp, whilst Boolka had run Inte second ) loco King Charles lying on hia quartora next tho fonce followed by tho Ghost and Squtroon Hall way up the straight Boolka waB a lont,tll ahead, lung Charlea being nllt,htly in advance of Squirocn and Contcsslua At tho carriage paddock King Charlea answerod tho whip gamely, bat ho failed to roach Boolka who won by about a length , Squireen waa third CoiUciSlua fourth rimo, lm ie_a 1V.YNUT0N RACES. (Bl ODB OWN 'liPOETEH ) The race meeting usually held on St Patrick B Day by the Kyneton District Racing Club took place on Saturday The weather wua fine but after passing Mount Macedon the visitors from the metropolis found it very hot Ihe special train from Spencer street was not well patronised, the attractions at Elsternwick and Caulfield proving too great to induce many racing men to leave town Un arriving at the course everything was found to be in good order, and the stewards are to be congratulated on tho success of their efforts, thia being the first meeting held under the now ilanne Tha people of the locality and residents of the surrounding districts mastered in great force, so that the usual metropolitan contingent was not so much missed The following are the particulars of the different oveuta - HANDICAP BÖRDLE BACE Of 40 sovs Two miles and a half Mr W Herriotts ch g Tlpporary Boy, by Bino Jacl ot need, lOat 101b (blmo) _ _ 1 Mr S Caseys b g Deceiver, 5 y if, list 21b (Casey) _ _ _ .. 0 Betting -Even ngainBt Tipperary Boy Tbo favourlto led lor tho flrat two rallen when he was joined by Deceiver and tho pair ran together to the hurdlo at tlio turn for homo, wboro Docolvor foil, and Tipperary Boy cantorcd in kï'IEtON HANDICAP » Of 76 BOVS Uno milo and a half Mr E Lelrachabrh Thongo, by Tim Whilller LapwhiL,, 4 j ra 8st 01b (Cordol) - _ 1 Mr ii Yeend a brh Balthazar, 0 yro, Sat (Borlón) 2 Mr E Pavoise, m Zephyr, 4 yrs 8st Gib (Ivimy) 3 Mr A Chalk abre Nativo Jurk, need, 7at Gib (Crlap) _ _ _ 0 Mr J S Hnrper a b h Liberty, 4 yrs, 7at Gib (car rled7at 101b ) (Burns) . 0 Mr b Casoy a b 1 Daylight, 4 yra 781 (Cope) _ 0 Mr H Rivera br m Judy Mo, 5 yrs Gat 81b (fallon) _ 0 Bolting -Even acst Balthazar, 6 to 2 agst Zephyr, 3 to 1 agBt 1110111,0, 4 to 1 acet Nativo Jack and Liberty lhcnpo jumpod oft In front, and lod his field past tho stan I hy u eatiplo of lengtha, atiendo 1 by Llborty an 1 Balthazar, tha rest iu a clustor, whipped In by /upr-yr Thengo continued to forco tho running to tho h mo turn whon ho was joined by Balthazar A i,ood ruco ensued botwoon the pair, Thengo winning by a length, four lengths away carno Zephyr tho rest < f tho field finishing i t strathline, ordor, headed by Liberty limo, 2m 4CJs SELLING RACE, Of "5 sovs Wolght for aeo, wii nor to bo sold for 110 7ib allowed for overy £10 reduction in value Guee round the cmreo Mr S Casey ach gb ricndloaa, b) Talk of tbo mil, 5 yra (£10) 7st 01b , carried 7at 10JI h (Casoy). 1 Mi J Rulill! s g g Painter, aged (£30) bat 41b (cope) ~ " - 3 Mr if Rivers br g Mintaro 4 yra (not to bo sold), Sat 131b (Rivers) _ 0 Mr. f. Leiracha I)g Everton, 0 yra (£20), 7st 131b (Palmor) _ _ _ _ 0 Mr Sutherland 8 b g Angler, 4 yra (£20), 7st 111b (erie] ) _ .0 Mr W II Ender s cb g Starlight, 0 yrs (nil), Gat 121b (Endors) 0 Bottlni, - Evou agBt ïiicntUcss, G to 4 agst Evorton, 3tolagstPvlutur Everton and Mintaro alternately led for throe quarters of a milo, whon Puiutor shot to tho front, attended by Frlcndlosa, tho pair running vvoll togother, I riondlc8a eventually winnti g by half a head Star- light 20 lengths olf waa third, but waa not placod by tlio judgo Timo, 2m 20Ja lho winner was put up and bought by Mr Jonnsor for £10 SEMINO UUnDLF 1UCL, Of 30 aova Weicht for ne,o Whim r to bo Bold for £60, 71b allowed for ovcry £10 reduction in value Distanco, two miles Mr S Casey abe Deceiver, by Touchstone, 5 yrs, (£50) Ost lib (3 Cosoj) 1 Mr t* fitzgerald s g g Stiurnrock, 4 y rs (£50), Ost lib (Glance) _ _ .2 Mr J Skchills bg I armor a Boy, 5 yra (£40) Set 81b (carried Hat 2IU ) (1 Casey) _ 3 Mr W Herriotts ch g llpporary Boy, aged £50), Oat lib (Tluib) _ _ _ 0 Bottlug -0 to 1 on Tlpporary Boy, avon aget Do celvor Farmora Boy and Shamrock alternately led to the hurdlo outorlng thostrali,ht whon Farmer a Boy ran round It bhamiock then led to the Btaud Aftor passing it Tipperary Boy and Deceiver shot to th. front Ula formor leading to within bulf u milo froin homo and approached tho laat hurdle in company lipporory Boy baulked, and Deceiver carno away and won In a cantor by ?0 Icneths from Shamrock, who was second nndFnrmora Boy, halt a distance away, third Tho winner waa bought in for £69 IAURISTON HxNDICll', Of 50 BOVS Winner of Kynoton Handicap to carry 71b ponalty One milo und a quarter Mr H Yeend a br li Balthazar, by lho Drummer, 6 y IS Sat 41b (Barlow) _ _ ) Mr W J Dryden a cb m Remember Mo, 5 yra, 7Bt (Copo) _ _ _ -S Mr E Paget ach _ Chovy Chuso, 1 yrs, Sat 31b (Ivliny) _ 3 Mr J S Harper a b h Liberty, 4 yrs, 7at (carried 7st 101b) (Burns) . .0 Boult g -Ki on against Balthazar 2 to 1 agst Chovy Chase, d to 1 nt,at Llborty, 4 to 1 agBt Romombcr Mo Balthazar waa firat away, and ho lod throughout, winnini: cloverly by a longth from Remember Mo Chevy Choso who ron very unkindly, was third, three IclifctbB oil Timo, 2m rija DISTRICT UAND1CA1, Of 20 sovs Tor all horses the bond Odo property of poreouB realdii g within ¿o nillea ot Kyneton for tlireo montha previous to the day of raco Onco round tho COUIBO Mr J Bow ot a eli tu Baahful Roso, by Ladykirk, 6 yrs Sat (Ivlim) 1 Mr 8 CaBoyabf Daylight 4yra Sat. 131b (Casej) 3 Mr W Cordell s b li Gludstono 8»t 71b (Cordell), 3 Mr S Knights br g Lord Harry, 0 yra, 7st 1211 (Fallon) _ _ 0 Mr H Rivers b m Judy Mo, 5 yrs, 7at 101b , cortled 8at 101b (Rivers) 0 Hr W U fcndors bin Sylvia, 3yrB, 7at. (Endora) 0 Betting -2 to 1 each agat Lord Harry and Bashful Roso Lord Harry led to tho turn Into tho straight, whon ho waa beaton by Baahful Rose, who won easily by a lei t,th from Dav !lc,ht who was thrco longtlia lu front of Gladstone 1 imo, 2m 18)> UPPER YARRA AMAH UR REGATTA Tim promoters of the Upper Yarra Ama- teur Regatta were favoured on Saturday laat with splendid weather A large number of spectators assembled, who, for tho most part, appeared to prefer atrolling along the, well Bhaded banka of the river to patronising the pleasant reserve enclosod opposite the winning post The programme conaiBted of BIX events, embracing seventeen races, the width of tho river only permitting two crews to be started at the same time 'lho contesta were good, but the finishes were not close, so that the raroB did not awaken aa mnch intereBt and afiord the Bama pleasure to those whoa waited their termination aa to those who, by thn assistance of horses and vehicles, wero enabled to follow tho crows dnntig the progreBa ol' their etrugglea for the mastery 'ihe only hitch m the day a proceeding oc- curred m connexion with the first event on the programme, / e , the Maiden Pairs In this tina the Melbourne, hiving won the first, me* tho Mmcantile in the third heat nni defeated them, but when the Molbourno coxswain waa put on the ceulen it wai found that ho waa three quarterB of a pound short of the necessary weight (b-t ) The umpire thereupon decided that the race should bo rowed over again tina was done and resulted m the Melbourne once mo-a securing tho victory Hie final heat between the Melbourne and Yarra Yarra ia to bo rowei? this evening 1 or the Maiden Sculls J. Mitchell of the Richmond easily defeated the represontttnos of tho banka aud Yarra Yarra clubs In the Schools Rice the Ceelong Grammoi School wero much too strong for their oppo- nent« from Melbourne and Hawthorn , thi Kobortson Cup th ireforo, Gtill remains ia tho possession of tho first named crew Ii the Maiden I ii_ht the Victoria repeated then performa ico at Geelong by defeating the Melbourne, tho atroko of tho 1 ttter als» meeting with tho same tccnlont as on thi formor occasion vi/ , losing his slide The Varra \ arra ahowed tho benefits c» good training by tne vvny in winch they wo» tho three boats lor the Maiden leur and thi Victoria after eood rices with the \arrl Yarra and iinllttr it Cttv carried oil th boiuor 1 ouri-thn -lecond victory this eren baa aelnoved in the one wee! The following uro the del ula of the day') proceeding - Patrons -His Excellency the Most lion Durablo the Marquis of Normanby, G C M G rho Right Worshipful the Mayor and Cor poratlon of tbo cv.p of Melbourno the Hon Sir W J Clarks Bart, M L C hiB Honour Mr Tuatico Wilhnma, tho Hon J M Grant M L A , fho Hon W Madden ML A, the Hon J n Gravea ML A tho Hon. L L Smith Profeaaor Irving M A , Mr Arthur Nicholls, Mr H G Turner Mr G Fairbairn jun ludgoo- Messrs W H Hull D Duncan, and C T Soarll Starters -Mnears G F Upward, W W Senior, P (. rnham, audit Talbot UmpireB -MeeerB T H. Young, J W Colville, I D Webster, J O C Grant G S Gnggin, S J Coates G A Armstrong and J Gunn Course-1 rom below Prince a bridge to bnttiB corner, distance one mile mid a quarter crew on north eldo receiving handicap of lo yarda MAIDl V lAUtS (lill ARGUS llll/L) 1 rat Heat Molboumo-n S Tranklln, Ost 121b , D Aitken (stroke) lOet. 81b F Hdsvards (cox) _ 1 University-F Shots lOst, G H Brown (fltroko) Hot 01b, F Jacomb (cox) . _, 2 Tho crosvu caught tho stator svoll togothor, tho Uni vcrslty taklnc. tho load and holding it to l'tlnco s brldgo, where thoir opponent* otortook them At tho pontoon sheds tho Uulsorsity spnrted and again as Bnmod the load up to Brandor- ferr) Tho Melbourno thon drow ahead, and won a good raco by a lougth Second Heat Yan» Yarr»-J 8 Gunn Oat., J Gunn («trokc), Ost 121b , T Ainley (cox) _ 1 Richmond City-W Harrison, lOat 121b, D B. , Bfttflsld (stroko) lost 121b _ _ 2 1 Tho Yarra Yarra _,ot the boat of tbaatart, and led to Uro finish, winning by a longth Third no*ts Molbouroo . -_,..«_. 1 Mercantile -0 B Trood, list. Sib , T Trood i (stroko) llBt., IliikouB (cox ) .2 I A CIOBO aud exciting roeo A llttlo bolow Brandor. Pony tho crows woro about cqnal, when the bow of tbe Melbourne lost hiB slide, and had to stop rowing to adjust It, thomby loBiug a lonoth, thoy, howos or ln«_ant,c_ to moko up their IOIB and win by three quarters of a loiigth On weighing the Motbourno coxswain SSBB found to bo throe quarters of a ponu I (bortofOst (Uie required ss eight) and ti o raco svas ordered tobo rowod oser again with tho result that tho Mollioiirno again sion after a hard tussio tho MerciuUlo losing some dlBtanco by catching a crab at Branders 1-erry Ilnal Heat Winnora of second hoot (tarra Yarra) ognlnot winners of thirl hoot (Milbourno) -ho Molboumo having already rotved thrco hoat. It tsaB docldod to poBtpono the raco for tho final until this avontug at 6 p m j MAIDEN SOOLLS First Hoat Richmond Olty-J Mltcholt, lost 71b _, Balks-H. & Hickson, list 101b _ I Won cosily by Mlteholl by several lengths I Tinal Heat lj Mitchell FJectrlo Tolegraph -W H Richards lost " Another s ory easy s ictory tor Mitchell, Richards not completing the course SCHOOLS RACE (HOD-H-SON Cul) rirst Hoat doolong Grammar School-- Balloy Dst 101b , E Sliutor, Ost 101b 1 Fairbairn, 19st 81b, - Mann (stroke) lOst lSlb J Bray (cox) . Melbourne Grammar School-J H thornton, Ost Sib, L 0 Ponder, lOst bib , G B .cague lost 2lb , O S Ryan (stroke) Wet. 21b , 0 U Bccber (cox) _, _ _ Tho Melbourno Grammar School rowod soi. pluclilly, but ssuro attocothor too light for thoir opponents, ti o Geelong Behool bolng as usual ro] ro scntod by a aery svell trained and poworful crew Goolong, rafting costly oatno In first by two loogtbs Float Hoat Geelong Grammar School _, _. _. _, 1 Hawthorn Grammar School-J H Palmer, Oat E 0 N Halford, lOst, P Landale, lOst 101b, a E.|Prell (stroke) Ost. 4ib _ 2 A runasvay for tho lattor Tho Hawthorn gamely ImlsVicd tho coureo, hut ssoro beaton by eovoral _n_,thB MA1DLN lOUr First Hoat Yarr» Yarra-K Ductan lOit, J Walters, list, , B T Jordan lint 81b, P O Neill (.troko) I lOst, T Alnloj (cox). . Civil Sers ico-T Watson, lOst. 81b , G R Stephen, , llBt 101b. VV Mason, l"st., F Watson (stroko) I llBt , W Brav (cox) The Civil Service I omened the handicap of the Yarra Yarra to a qllartor of a longth at Prince B hrlugo but after this gradually foil asvay Half way botts con tho pontoon Bhods ana Brandor's Ferry, tho Yarra Yarra having tho race svoll In hand, sviro a clear longth ahead which distance thoy gradually Increased to two and a hall lcngtbB before passing tho winning post S rond Hoot Electric Tolegraph -W Mansfield, Oat Oil , T Uossarl 12st, 0 W Battlott list F O John stone (stroke) Ost Olli Horsborough (cox.) Lako-VV Common Ost dib , G Join s ti lost 121b A Douglas list, A H Swlndolls (stroke) lOst 01b , AlkinBon (cox _, Tho paco at Btarting svas sory fast At ti o Bheds tho Eloctrlo Telograt li woro loading by a longth IhiB they had lpcroasod bv halt a. length nt Brnndors Ferry sttouthobow of tho Lako caught a crab and caused his crosv to loso additional ground B) deter ailned cfforlB thoy mado up a longth, but ssoro Ulli niatoly beaton by a lougth and a quarter Third Heat. Morcantllo - EL Rickards Oit 41b , W Baldln list. Olb , F Grcgorson, list 12lh , W L. JcnoB (stroko) Ost. 01b , Hintons (cox ) - - 1 Banks.-E Lind Ost 121b, A Henderson llet 4lh , P M Carter, lOat 101b , U M Taylor (Btroko), lOst Olb " .2 Tho Morcantllo Iod by about 4ft, passing under Prince a bridso a length and a half at tho pontoon shods and tsso lengths and a half at Bnvnder 8 ferr), aud ison hy about two lengths Fourth Heat Winnora of first hoat against winnora of second boat larra-arra _, _, ». 1 Electric Tolegraph _ " _ 2 The Yarra Yarra, rowing ns thoy liked, carno In Brit, leading by thrco lengths Final Heat -arra Yarra « - - ... 1 ¿forçant! o _ . ... Iho Yarra Yarra passed undor Prince s brid(.o quarter of a iel gtb u boa 1 Coming to the ponton: sholsj tho Mcrusntilo drow up a llttlo Rounding ti o corner, the -arra Yarra i btalned a Blight advan ttigc willoh thoy maintained from this to tha ond aul although closoly prc-cu osontually won a good lace I y a lou(,th and a half ShMOlt 10UR FiiBt Heat \- arra Yarra -K B Ahilos lOst W P M Gregor, 12at, C Brown 12st 41b F J Taylor (stroko) lOst 41b T Aluloy (cox ) w Holbourne- A It Tunbrtd-o llBt 31b F G Hughes list 121b , _ Ankonon, l-8t 41b li D Both (stroke) 13st. lib , . edwards (cox ) No 2 of the Molboumo having met ssith an accident ass unat lo to row Tho Yarra Yarra thercforo c: joyod a walkover Second Hoat Victoria-O O Halles Oit 121b W Kol'j list alb A W FlttB list, I VV ThompBon(stroko), lost A Fdwards (cox ) _. I _ _ B.llsrit City-VV Cayaly, list P CazaV), lOst., J 1 Itrgorald, 12st 01b , A QlbbB (Btroko), llBt 41b _ - Nearlng Prlnco s brldeo tho Victoria had mode up tho hanalcap of tho Ballarat Lily and tho crows rowed almost lovol from this to the pontoon corner Hounding ti Is point tho Ballarat took tho lead hut sscro not allowed to boll it Ion* tho Victoria agubi pissing them and winnini, ono of tho best races ot the day by two lengths Final Heit Victoria . _ 1 Yarra Yarr* . 2 A vorv good raco At Prince s bri lc,o the cr nore level an 1 at thu Ionio n tho Victoria svere almost a longtti in advanco Alter mundine, the corner II o -arra Yirra forcod thoir boat Bliehtly to the front b ltne.aiii dro| | ed back Nearlui, Branders the Vic loria woro lending by half a length tho Yarra Yarr» keepine them hard at it to tim post, sshieh tho Vic loria j a sed a longth ta tho L.ood M\I1)PV "IGltl Victoria-VV W Vs ml 9«t tilt VV F Langloh lost 41b G 1 "ic list " W Cllab) lOst 9b, II A Hill list jib \ B Kiuplcnn.n, lOst Sib n 1 nilen, jost bil II S Cllaby (stroko), 10m 71b e x A I i ar .. . 1 ¿Holbourne -C Greenfield - t Sib H G Amtin list. CAP Multiu 1«. A U Yoma, list 4tli, H Armytage 13st -li , It A bmart l_t Dib A A Locke list OAK Unis) (stroke) list 101b _ Kdwurds(cox) _ . ° Tho Victor a bel the li ~ f om start to finish the Molbotirno tísico logue llitaneo tli -i,h tho strokes slldo slii i lue olí lu thu first 1 s anco nt Iho Prtueu. biidi,o ni a afterwards at ti e Pontoon shed* Thruueb the euere) disida, cd by the office bearers of li c oís i 1 ti o Btilet ( irctiullty oliBorvod 1 starting the rices tho j r Lramina staB completed an 1 the roeatt bre-c,bt tu a sery satisfactory tormlnatlnn by 0 u clock UNITED LAH C LEURS CIUCkET .-"-CL. The S ciet. oí Victoriai U-iited Law Ceri e celebrated the ram nil holiday by a cricket mutch on the 1. M C C ground on Saturday last tue ii rat eleven being pitted Dgainat the noxt 2. The lutter went m to bat first but aa soon BB lopping, who made _G runs svas diapoeed of, u slaughter of the innocenta commenced Iho majority of thu batsmen hit out energetically at tho pine whore the ball had beeu just previously but tbe general stylo could be 'liken as atroi p circumstantial evidence of their entra uno ranee of the law-of too gamo Aude raen made 14 before Oakle/ acting under poiver if ottornoy, servid him ssitn n writ of eje t mont. In tbo case of Millican s/ho made It n deed of »ettlement waa undertaken bj Roy and faithfully executed The ba'e man entered a (.tiierrl demurror, and gase notice of appeal au "ho t,ronnd ihn« the umpire as aa unable ti p ojuce u.t'iaiu tory proof of his ben g legally appointed t the position Arntinioi ta wero deterred H Smith, who went in late neill pussce-on f the wicket until the iimir"a iloaed and isa not out with 23 The 2_ m ide a formidnl le list of playora but no a A> « m tno cricketm., Bense of the term n* tue m ijor ty of then walked to the wickets ar u '«k ae,ain I he defence offered waa geo mlly wenk and be iiiniiit,a filially clfBod lur l18. The 11 only managed '_ and their pponcntB (,ot u verdict in their favour b) 4ri runs Oakley scored 12 before aputuf of lasv waa raised am Bottled in favour of the bo^iü J onpmg anil Lindsay bowled ssell f r the moro nomorous Bide, their arguments beinf «o telhni, thal the pretensions and sv!_keta of the butBinen were upaet m b'-iof t mo During the day a tai, o! war betsveen »levons chosen from the married and Bindle membera of the eocict) was decided but tue Bénédicte owini to their aupe or aoeial standing di^in'} and aohd t», won sery eaaili Mr Hodges anvi as judgo and in presenting the captain of tno winning team (Mr W Dasidaon) ssith the foph) a bund Bome gold medal the hi(t of Measte WISP svonld and Gibbs ho urfrsd that the bachelors ahould Ice no mío in placing th-msolvca in the same position as thoir opponents anu thua securing their revenge Abo it 70 kcntlomcn R ii down to the lun cheon which s ia served in tho orderly room of tho 1 u_in"er C< rps lila Fono ir the Chief J native svlio w ia in the chair proposed thotoaatcj lhe I egit I rof»eBioiiB Ho referred to the nbilit) shown by a couplo of the junior membera of tho bar in conducting cases recently nftor tLelr seniors had been called to another court, aud considered theae incidents satisfactory ptoof of the aaenred position of thia branch of the profession Ho felt enro that tho third branch of the law clerks were prepared to con taat the position with the juniors, and from the manner in which tboy wero pre paring themselves for the cont-ral.Jthey copld roly on ultimate success He did not believe in any further amalcamation of the three branches of the profession than there waa al present, and having worked hard aa a junior in a atuff gown he waa in a position to know eomethlng about the question Ho had oh served the effect of the r-ystem m New Z»n land, and he might bo pardoned for saying that ho behoved the work vena done thero in a slovenly fashion lu Victoria they had dono well up to the presBnt ond could afford to rest where thoy were (Cheera ) Dr. MACKAY, m responding on behalf of the barristers referred to several orainent judges who had worked their way to the bench from the position of law clerks Sir Edward Su« denwuooneexaroplo, and Mr Justice Burton who was for many yearo senior puisne jud"i of the Queen'B Bench, might bo cited na (mother, bo having been a law clerk for Mr John Philpot Curran. Mr PAUI, who responded for the attor neya, considered that his branch WIIB one ol the most important in the profession Nor only wero thoy the direct moana of commu mention with the publie, but what waa still more important, tho) hnd the right to advise people to ahatain from litigation (Laughter ) With regard to the amalgamation of the dif fercnt branches of the profession, he romem bered in one instance having charge of au im portant COBO, and finding himself deserted at the lust moment by all his connsel When the caae was called he waa opposed by three eminent barristers on the opposite side, and as tbeBtriking out of tho caBO meant serious loss to hia cliont, Ihe present Chief Tuatice graciously accorded lum the privilege of open ing the case to the jury Among the man] vieissitudoB of a long lifo ho had never, lu believed, epent n more miserable half hour than the miBplacod lonvency of tho Chief Tuatice afforded lum on that occasion (Laughter ) Since them ho had been quite sonttmt to find the amalgamation of the pro fesaiona limited to euch festive occasions as the present (Chi era ) His nonour Judge COIE (vice-chairman) proposed the toast of " The Victorian United Law ClerltB' Socioty " The great Napoleon waa accustomed to eay that every man in hte army carried a marshal's baton in Ina knap sack, and in like manner, ho hoped that overy law clork corriod a wig nnd gown in his bag Mr J E TOMLYNS, m responding, eaid that nothing gave the Law ClerkB' Society greater ImpetuB than the fact of their Honours the judgea and the leading members of the bar honouring with thetr preaence such a gather ing aa the present ono The toaats of the chairman and vice chairman, which wore both received with loud applause, brought the proceedings to a close. CRICKET. INTERCOLONIAL-MATCH.-VICTORIA V. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Tho following have boon chosen to represent Vin tori» In tho match taking placo on tbo 24tli, 26th, ami 27th (nat., on tbo East Melbourno ground -Bonnor, Blackham, Boyle, Cooper, Boran, Midwinter, M'Dirn noll, M'Shano, Palmor, Homer, Slight, Scott Til team aro requested to practiso daily on tho Last Moi houniB ground, whero wickets forthat purposo will be prepared SOUTH MELBOURNE- V MELBOURNE A ono-day'a matoh wts playod on Satuidc) botvv con thoso club» on tho South Melboun o ground Tho South batted first A G Majo' and Sticht batted vvoll, and brought tlio act r up from 10 to 71, Major reortng 83 Sllgh played a good innlnga for 57 before bo foil r. vlotlm to Bruce J Minchin made IO, aud M, Minchin 10 the ninth wicket falllngfor 142 The last two mm Hoathor and F Mnjor completely collared the bowl hog, and before thoy were Bopvratcd lho score wa» brought up ryv 198 T Major scored 22, arid Hoather carried out his bat for a vvoll made 30 Brtlco bow li d well tor tho Molbourne, obtaining soven wicki t* Thero waa great Interest takou In tho gamo, ovor 2,0C0 persona belog prosont SOUTH MELBOURNE J Rossor, b Bruco . . _ _ 4 J Slight, h Bruco _.._.. 07 H S Freeman, b Bruce .. . 3 W Gibson, c Burston, h Bruco _ .. 0 A G Mtjar(capt), fit Burston, b Holly . 3d J Minchin b Bruco . _ 10 w Honklnson. b Logan . .. ..0 II E Pothorick, o and b Logan _ .. (1 E D Heather, not out .. _ ..30 W Minchin, b Bruce_ " _ _ 10 r Major, b Braco _ _ _ 22 Sundries .. _ ~ -. _ 16 Total . _ 100 CARLTON V. WILLIAMSTOWN. Tilla match was roanmod on Saturday, rcanlted In an easy victory for tho Carlton, by 178 runs Carlton mado 264 lu tholr first InninuB Tbo foaturo of t|io Innlnira waa the batting ol Waitera, who made 00 In grand Btvlo; Ames. (30), Bom» (80), Melville (23), Groube (23), »lao halted well for their scores Williamstown succodod in making only 80 runs M'Allistor (33) and Jukes (15) batted vvoll A Browning bowlod well fnr Carlton, securing fivo wlckota tor 34.riiOB lho foi lowing aro tho scoros - CARLTON UriST 1Í.MS0S Walters, 1 b w, b Juckca .. _ _ 00 Tankard, b Tbompaon .. .. _ IB G Browning, b Juckia _ _ 0 Dooley, bM'Aln»tor _ . 11 Melville, b Juck os .. _ .. .. 23 Groube, b Cameron .. _ _ _ 23 Arness, b Cameron _ .. _ _ 88 Gvnltnor, run out _ " _ .. K A 'Browning, c and b Juckoa _ .. IS lloma, c Kidd, b Grubb .. _ _ 80 Curtía not out ." _ lo Sundrlca .. » _. _ ..17 Total _ _ 261 WILLIAMSTOWN vinar isNiNas Juckca, o Melville li A Browning .. 16 Trott, b A Browning _ _ ..2 M Alister, b G Browning _ .. "S3 outen, o Anioaa bo Browning .. ., 8 C Grubb, b A Browning .. .. _ 4 Thompson, run out _ .. _ "10 A Gillbb, I b w, b G Browning _ ..0 Cameron, b A Browning .. .. .. 2 Tv roll, b Wolkor . _ 0 Kidd, h A. Browning " _ .. 0 Jane, not out.. " _ .. ..1) Bjca __...." 3 Total _ .._.._ BO ST KILDA V. KEW. Tho abovo ural cb waa cottlnuod and concluded on Saturday, and resulted In a win for St. Elida by S luna Subjoined aro tho »cores - ST KILDA. W O Hanlon, llnv, b Dodd _ " «¡1 Benjafield, c Houty, b Tooto _ _ 3 Cranfield, ü Dodd _ _ 68 Harper b Footo _ _ _ _ 0 Little, li Foote _ .. .. _ 0 Ji.lard, b Dodd _".._. 1 I idtB, not out _ .. _ ., _ ja Parri» li Footo .. _ .. .. 11 Roi otliam li Dodd " _ _ _ 3 Dura) h Do Id .. " _ _ 0 luwibull b Footo _ _ _ 1 hundricB _____ s Total _...._ .. 124 KEW Barnard, b Llttlo _ _ _ _ 82 FnrrcBter, b lellard . . _ _ JI Nicholson, i Harris, b Jellard _ 1 I looker, h Jellard .._-._ 3(1 Footo, b LIUIo .. .. _ "5 Sloraun, b Little - .. _ "2 Runortaon, h Jellard _ _ _ 0 Gregory, not out _ .. _ _ 1 Uoild »t u Haulan, b Litlio .. .. 0 Turnbull b Llttlo .."".. 0 Sundries _ _ .. _ ..9 Total. .. .. i;u MKIUIOUHKB v 8i,M)iuiian - This match resulted lu u ii .v/ je< Idedly lu fuvnur of Sundrldgo, owlug to tbo excellent ¡howlit * of Small and Tovtro, who secured tour wickets for 8 nina and two wtckoul for 5 run., rispcctlvol} Tho atores areas folliw - Sandndcr, 137, Molbourno six wlckota for 9 Harris IJ Ireadaway 23, Barlow 22, wero tho principal acorera for Sandridge BOYLE AND SCoiTÖÜP MATCH \ii loria Unilod v bouth Molbourno Imperial -lue \ ictnrla Unltod, who had tn moke 50 runs and bix wlckota to fall against tho South Molbourno Imperial made the rum with ono wlckot to tall, alter a n.u-t \cltlng contest Tbo next draw will toko placo ou liicoduy evening noxt. Ihn following other matchea woro played on Satur da) -MCC v S M CO (second devons), endiui, lu u draw, the latter makin!! l63 nina for the loss of W,i wickets, Hotham Union 71 v Prahra i Id, Ellersllo 63 v Deaf Mute» 25 , Capulet seven wick ta i ir 16J mo« v Yarra Yarra, Quecnsberry C1 v í oota erav three wickele for 30 BOWLING 1 boro waa a Trnph) Match nu tho Richmond (.roon jil billi-laj subjoined arc the ecorea -FlrsKountc Hu-roj 60v Rlcnmond Union 21 West Molbourno 0 v C~ertlon d5, South Melbourne 63 v St hilda ii 'iehuniid46 v Melbourne 33 f-econdf ourse-ix»uti M Ibtuinu 6Ü V Fitzroy d7 Richmond uO v Mci ii. lb,nnli 42 Una! South Melbourne v Rieb ni i d -South Melbourno-Walker, Dodds, Dunkin unuln 17, Aitken, Oldhim, Norman, Stead i. tuuil 40 Richmond-Cudtlon Boyle, Clarke salkecd, 10 , Grattuu O J Smith, Lanreneo, Shaw, 1, , total 30 Majority for South Melbourne 4 1< i it», »tun a very exciting (.arno I bo «nth Intercolonial bowling match with Now S tn Walos will Uko placo on Tuesday, 27th Inst., on tim West Molbourr» green IhoSydnoy play, ta will arrlvo by train on Wednesday night at 10 f, ii ben lhere will bo a largo uiuater of Victorian li miora to rooct thom On tho day after the match thero will be i special oxcuralon train to Queenscliff, nianing at 0 d5, und a dinner w11! bo given at Adman a Royal Hotel to our visitors LAWN TENNIS. Tho St Kilda und Windsor tannis clubs met on the court of tho formor on butllrday Schtito and Frasi r woro tío first sot, beating M A'Bockott and Hoi re) 1 by 10 gamcb to 6 guinea In tho socond set Diniolow and Frnsor boat Skinner and A'Bcckctt hy 10 (.anice to G Tho St Kilda tllua scored u " gamos Ibu Molbiurno v Kew match wee played on tho Melbourne court, with the following result -Bartram and Marlin (Kow) beat Rendall and Cockabot, li eames to 8 H J Henty and Itilcbon (Kow) beat Wi Lall and Dickons, 16 games to 11 Kow thus wou by 11 gamea jw, , hy li win by 0 f Rowi AKOS MAOASSAII Ou proaervea tbo bair, and can now bo had In a golden colour na well as In the ordinary tint Rowland's Odonto whiton» tho tooth an I prcvoiito decay Aak for Rowland's of 20 Hatton (.ardor, London Wholoaalo agents-Folton, Grim 