BURMESE SUPERSTITIONS. The Chinese hill tribes believe that man has three souls, and these are satisfactorily disposed of. One appropriately and conve niently remains in the grave, another takes up his position at the ancestral board, and the third roams about unrestrained in the spirit world and not necessarily upon earth. Many of the hill women are fond, as in India, of giving their dead child a dog, or (by dint of prayers and supplica tions) the departed soul of an old and experienced person as a guide, that the infant warrior may not miss its way on the path to the spirit world. For this reason it was that the Mongolians sent slaves to accompany their dead princes. The Chinese, however, have a more humane idea. They believe that since it is likely that the dead man will be unable to find his way safely to the world of spirits, and may as probably as not stray from the right path, the kings of the under-world furnish him with a little devil to act the part of guide and servant to the newly disembodied spirit on its journey. The Poles used to have a notion of a similar kind, though they, like the Chinese, did not display it in such an unpleasant way for survivors. It was their custom to lay bears' claws in the grave, to serve the dead man as hooks with the help of wliicb he might climb the great glass mountain. According to the common notion among the Kerenns, the dead renew as plu-pho" in the world of Plu, under the sovereignty of the great king Cootay or Theedo, the occupations which they had followed while as yet mortals upon earth—a curious hint at the caste system of the Hindoos, which has no place with the Karenns while they are alive. Some of the tribes are so impressed with the dangers that may come upon them through departed spirits that they destroy tlieir villages when the death of a grown-up person takes place, just as many negro tribes do with the house in which the dead man lived. It is, of course, a very simple matter with them where the houses are mere wattled shanties, that can be restored in a day's time by a moderately indus trious man. Where the houses are at all of a better and more substan tial character, or where the community is fairly numerous, it is generally found quite sufficient to purify the house with the aid of a witch doctor and pro pitiate the new nats. Anything that gives very great trouble is much more speedily found out to be grossly supersti tious than a measure which entails no great labor, while at the same time, being of a very obvious and extensive character, it seems likely to be efficacious. The de struction of the house or village is of course intended to get rid of the danger ous proximity of the departed spirits, who, according to the Laos and many other tribes, withdraw into a corner of the house where the death has occurred, and have a knack of making themselves extremely unplea sant unless they are well cared for. The Ho have an idea which is curiously at variance with the Western theories as to the habits of ghosts. This semi Chinese tribe aver that the spirits of dead men wander about during the day, but when night comes on retire to their homes in the most domestic possible way for all the world as if-, they were good solid flesh and blood. Possibly this may be due to the difficulty of suddenly changing the habits they were accustomed to, while yet they existed upon, earth in the bodies of men, and it may be only the new enfranchised spirits that act in this way, though the Ho do not say so. The opponents of the destruction of villages to dispossess the nats have a very strong case in the argument that as long as the demons are in the houses one knows where they are, and is enabled to conciliate them with more or less success ; whereas if they are ruthlessly evicted ' they wander about homeless and in. an aggrieved state of mind, likely to bo extremely dangerous to the luckless wights who come in their way, especially as the victims have not the means of finding out where to pro pitiate them, however respectful their sentiments may be. It seems, therefore, that house-burning will shortly bo alto gether abandoned a3 selfish and antag omstic to tho public welfare. -Cornhill I Magazine. 