MISSION SCHOOL CHURCH, NORTH ADELAIDE. For some time past religious services have been held in the Mission School Church, Melbourne-street, North Adelaide, a branch mission from Christchurch — and the large regular attendance has proved how much a church was needed in the locality. On Fri day evening, April 13, the Mission Church was formally opened by His Lordship the Bishop, the building on the occasion beinjj crowded. The house of Mr. Tuckey was used as a vestry for the nonce, and there the Bishop, Archdeacon Marryat, the Bev. T. e ieiu, ana two isy-reaaera ui Burpuvca im uieu in procession, and preceded by a banner walked to the church. Evensong was rea4 by Archdeacon Marryat and the Rev. T. Field, the lay readers taking the lessons, after which an eloquent sermon was preached by the Bishop. His lordship took for hit text Hebrews, xiiL, 20, 21, and after speaking of the all-important and all pervading name of Jesus he referred to the Mission Church. It was, he said, a ' credit to the district to have supplied this much-felt need, and he urged that they should all assist the Great Shepherd of the sheep in gathering lambs into his fold. In passing through the catacombs of Borne he had been much struck by the frequent representations of Christ as the Shepherd of His sheep, and if their Shepherd were to ask each individual What have you done for Me ? what answer could they give? In this mission church there was a new sphere for their work, and bis lordship earnestly hoped they would make good use of it both for themselves and also in leading others to their Saviour. The singing was good, thanks to the ladies, who took much trouble in training the boys for the choir, and to the gentlemen who assisted. The collection amounted to £5 11s. 3d. It is a matter for regret that the building is not larger, but it must be remembered that there is a debt of £124 remaining on the church, and it is hoped that friends of the church and residents in Lower North Adelaide will speedily clear off this liability and enlarge the building. On Sunday morning His Lord ship the Bishop preached a sermon at Christ church, North Adelaide, in aid of the build ing fund of the mission church. There was a crowded congregation, the church being com pletely filled. His lordship took for his text the three concluding verses of the 23th chapter of St. Matthew's gospel. From this text the preacher delivered an earnest and impressive discourse, and was attentively listened to throughout. He remarked that tbe words of his text were spoken by Jesus to His disciples just before His ascension to heaven. Ou that occasion Jesus spoke to the whole world through His disciples in tbe woids — 'All pdwer is given unto me in beaven and in earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' From these words they might learn that Jesus wished the good teach ing which He had begun on earta to be con tinued not only by His disciples but by all Christians in the future. He concluded by exhorting the people to further the good work which they had commenced in their parish by every means in their power, not that men might see their good works but that they might feel that they were carrying out the message which Jesus left them on His ascen sion to heaven. 