More dliost Stories. Ma. IIeapiiy's ghost story, published in our last week's issue, caused considerable interest and discussion on its recent republication in pamphlet form in London. A correspondent writing to a contemporary says : — I was much interested in tho story of Mr. Hoaphy. It puts me in mind of a circum stance tho particulars of which aro similarly strange and thoroughly autliontic : Nearly a score of years ago, in Australia, I was a con stant visitor ot the liouso of a gentleman, one of whose daughters was the promised wife of a naval officer in Her Majesty's service, and then stationed on the South American coast. Ono afternoon M. was seated with her sister in an upper chamber. Suddenly she half rose and gave a violent scrcam. ' What is tho matter?' cried C., her sister. 'I saw poor George [hor lover] — oh, so plainly. Ho was wringing liis hands imploringly, and brushed closc to me as he passed across tho room I ' Her sister strovo to calm her agita tion, but M. could not be persuaded that her fears for her lover's welfaro woro groundless. Going up to his pioture on tho wall sho wrote tho time of day and tho date on its baek. Several months elapsed and no nows camo to warrant M.'s apprehension. But ono morn ing, as tho family wore oxamining letters from the daily post, M. sank baolt with a bitter cry, and gasped out that lier lover had boon drowned together with seven seamen, three months before, as 'ho was crossing a harbor bar. Her sister spoke of the coincidence of the apparition in the upper room. Sevoral members of tho family hastened up stairs and examined the pioture. A comparison was made, and it was found that the date on tho picture and the date of the drowning corre spondod exactly, making allowance for tho longitudinal difference in timo. Another correspondent writes : — Mr. IIeapiiy's -ghost story recalls a story related to me by an eyo-witness of the occurrences. Forty years ago a retired barrister purchased a house situated near Hounalow Heath, on the outskirts of London. It dated from tho beginning of tho lost century, but was in good condition. It had lain vacant for many years. For a month after tho family's occu pation overy night thore would bo hoard tho piteous wailing of an infant. Tho grounds and apartments woro searched without finding anything. It was finally decided that, tho ories proceeded from a window in tho library. As the constant wailing was a great source of annoyanco, tho gentleman's wife urged that tlio panelling bo torn down and tho wall examined. Hor husband ot last yielded. The panelling was stripped away and tho wall opened. In a small recess, noxt the window, was found tho skeleton of an infant, which, according to the opinions of medical mon, must have beon thoro for over half a century. Tlio lady who told me this was present, with many others, at tho search, and was tb'0 gontloman's nioeo. 