CRICKET. I GEICKET CHATTER. BY IKPELIX. ^-Contrary to the hopes and expectations of she Hon. Ivo Bligh and his comrades, the itafc match on their Australian programme US resulted not favourably to them, but In a boat triumphant victory for the team to ' rhich ther were opposed, a representative toven of Victoria. In November last, when ' he first match between England and Vic Otia took place, this colony was very poorly represented, ana no importance attached to rae defeat of our men on that occasion. Bnt In the match which ended so happily for Vic toria on Monday last our very best men were $ht into the field, and it would have been a [Herons disappointment to all Victorians lad they not rendered a good acooant I themselves. How tnnch more than nlly realised were the anticipations that hey would go very near winning we all know, and we know also how well the majority of our representatives acquitted themselves with the bat, with the ball, and Kthe field. Look had, of course, not a little do with making the defeat of the English nan of so overwhelming a character. W. H. Sooper had the good fortune to win the toss, pid the Victorians, going in first on a perfect loket, made the best use of their opnortnni as. The total of the innings was 284, Hid* nnter heading the list of contributors with 9*2 not out), anally finished and almost entirely i ianltuss performance, his only chance being | pe that was barely possible. Mid'e innings in-; jjuded eight 4's, three S's, and ten 2's. Every' moke was timed with the utmost exactitude ' bar the solitary one that G. B. Studd tried soJ iard to tot, but failed to hold; and alto gether this may be set down as the very bnt! ming? Midwinter has ever played. Bonnor "veil up with 54, for which he played , i noted style, and with at least a modi- ? i of-luck. Horan played in bis best form 87, and so did Scott for 29. H'Shane rprised even bis most enthusiastic friends if the patient manner in which be totted jp 27. and Turner played sound cricket or bis contribution of 18. Every bowler n the JBnglish team was tried, and lie changes were rung very frequently DC the Victorian innings. Barnes _ [ better than any of his colleagues, and fro warded with half the wickets for bis , A- 0- Steel, off whom Bonnor was missed i he had made a solitary run, paid r deMfjrfor his two wickets, and bates ietidedly expensive. Barlow got one .lit for 84, Md C. T. Studd, who bowled i b*llfforl8 nuii sod 16 maidens, kept the ii down trelL There wu scarcely one of i KnjgUabmsn who d id not distinguish him ?elf in ibe fieia at one time or other, and J, B. Sfcedd, H. W.~ Vernon, W. W. Reed, tad IroBligfatatheir separate stations were n by so lm And 78 runs . escribed to light, but this ' vm/« their first emaifoetalof 65. The 147ratu on Satorday othM4*m than the balsam topty the .od iFss Inec. The tune for bis side when the Notts profes sional was run out. In this innings Cooper got four wickets for 20 runs, and it is doubtful if the wet wicket on Monday wbb eo great a drawback to the fcng lishmen as has been alleged. The ground was too soft for Cooper on Monday, and taking the cue from his Buccesa on a per fect wicket OD Saturday in the first innings, it is fair to suppose that under similar condi tions he would have been equally success ful on Monday in the second innings, when, in despite of all the difficulties they had to contend against, the Britishers put to gether 156, or nearly three times the number they made with almost every thing in their favour. In the second innings, as in the first, only three got into double figures-A. G. Steel 76, Barlow 27, and Bates 21 Flayers who have Been Steel at his best in England state that he has never played so well as he did in this second in nings. Having no feaT of Cooper's insinuators before him he Bettled down at once and played from the start with all the skill of the accomplished ciicketer he has proved himself to be. He made not one false s troke, and his truly admirable display, only slightly marred by one chance of stumping, was recognised by his opponents, who joined in the well merited applause which greeted him_ from all parts of the ground. Barlow's innings was most eminently useful, and his inex haustible patience is proved by the fact that in a period of one hour and a half he was content to score only 5 runs. Bates played with something of his customary dash for his contribution, but Steel's was beyond a doubt the gem of the whole performance. Palmer ia the first innings secured four wickets for 21 runs, and in the Becond seven for G5. He bowled with a constant variation of pitch and pace, and during the last three-quarters of an hour, when the wicket was getting really bad, he managed to put on an extraordinary amount of break. Tarner, the Richmond crack, was given a trial, and trundled well; his two wickets costing but 18 runs, and Steel's chance of stumping being missed cff biB bowling. Boyle got one wicket for 3 runs in the first innings, but could do no good in the second, in which Midwinter secured Leslie's wicket, through the agency of Horan, at a compara tively trilling cost. The Victorians fielded capitally all through, though they found some difficulty in keepiug their feet ou Monday, each successive shower that fell rendering the grass more and more slippery. The two wicketkeepers, Blackham and Tjlecote, per formed so well that they may be bracketed together, and indeed when both are at their best, I think there iB but little to chooBe between tbem. It is hardly necessary to say that most Victorians were glad to see our men win, but many regretted to Bee the Englishmen bo badly defeated in their last match, and that they were eo greatly in the minority may be, I think, set down, amongst the other disad vantages under whiih they laboured, to the fact that in W. H. Cooper they met a bowler whose great break is something to which they are totally unaccustomed, while G. Palmer was in his very best trim, and was therefore enperior to any bowler in the English team. The English Eleven and their captain, the Hon. Ivo Bligh, are more firmly established in the good graces of the Australian public than _ proba bly any other team of English cricketers who have visited these shores. No breach of courtesy can be urged ag&inet; them, and in all the matches they have played not the slight* st unpleasantness has occurred. They have by their performances shown what sterling cricketers they are, and as Aus tralians have nothing but pleasant things to say of then, it may be hoped that when they get back to their homes in merry England they will speak of as u we are, and nought set down in malice. From a cricketing point of view their tour has been as successful as that of any English Eleven who have pre ceded them in a visit to Australia. They have played in all 17 matches, won 10, drawn four, and lost three. They won two matches against the late Australian Eleven, one each agiunst Victoria and New South Wales, and in the matches against odds, excepting the South Australian and Ballarat' (natchee, tberr opponents hadnot the ghost of a show. The matches lost were the first against the Australian Eleven, the Combina tion match at Sydney, and finally the last of the series, against Eleven of Victoria. With a view to the development of new bowling talent in the East Melbourne Cricket Club, His Honour Mr. Justice Williams has most generously given a twenty-guinea prize for the best bowling average in the dub for the aeaBons 1883 4 and 1884 5. Mr. Williams offered this prize for competition two jears, ago, when he was first elected vice-president i of theE.MC.C , but as the matter was notj then made public, and was, in fact, unknown to the members of the club, His Honour has1 adopted the enggestion of Mr. Percy Hastings, that the prize be for the two seasons named. The prize will be awarded to the bowler who shall have obtained the best average in first class club matches in those two seasons, no; player to take part in less than six matches tn either season. Mr. Williams's object in presenting the trophy for competition is to attract new bowling talent, m well as to bring out the talent that may be lying dormant in the club. The Krneton club played against the Bendigo United at Back Creek last Saturday. The game was started at 1 o'clock, and when the stumps were drawn At 6 exactly 400 runs had been scored, 125 by Kyneton and 275 by the Bendigonians, who won by 150 runs. The principal scorer* for Bendigo were 6 Mackay, 85; A. Mackay, 58; W. Campbell, 81; R Bruce, 25; J. Rundell, 22; J. Baewick, 16 (not out); and A. 8pargo, 10. G. Mackay totted up his tons In a little over an hoar, in cluded in his contribution being one fiver and 20 fourers, A. Mackay played with more freedom than is his wont, and made aome very fine off drives, Campbell hit up bis tons quickly, and the bitting all through was above the average, B. Broce'e being a very meritorious contribution. Seven bowlers tried their.band before (he last of the Bendi gonians could be dislodged, The successful trandlers were Robie, two wickets for U runs; Hurst, three for 35; Fly on, two for 54; Herring, one for 20; and Armstrong, one for S5. The men who were to the fore in the batting department for Kynetoo were Robie, 23, Hwring 22, J. Rosa 22 (not out), Arm strong 17, Burst 12, and FJynn 11. The bat ting ma good in each case, and Fiynn and Hunt were both unfortunate in being run not Manaliek, J. Bee wick, 0. Mackay, and Campbell bowled well for Bandigo. and the fielding on both side* wMvery fair, Avery handsome and valuable gold watch wm preeented to W. Midwinter at Messrs. Boyle sad Soott'e on Wednesday last In recognition of his fine play against the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team in the mstcn whloh wound np their tour. The watch bore thfe following Inscription Presented 1» a fewjtrfends to; Mr. w. E. Midwinter for his excellent eoote of 92 not out for victoria in the patch England v. Victoria, Marob, 1883." Midwinter could hardly find words to express his grati- ] Andaviao from the Medical flohootawoi*A I J? against m eleven of the M.C.C, on Wed*1 neaday, T. J. D. Kelly securing five wickets for 4 tune, and O. Alexander three for 11. The M.C.C. in reply scored 189. Alexander 01, Cotter (not oat) 84, and M'llwraith 31, making moat of the rnns. Morley, Bates, Barnes, and Barlow left for England on Thursday in the R.M. e.e. Nizam. With the exception of the Hon. Ivo Bligh, 6. B. Stadd, and G. F. Vernon, the amatenrs of the late English Eleven will probably leave by the next mail steamer. The three exceptions will most likely pay a visit to New Zealand, and go home rid Ame rica. Carlton had succeeded in running up a score of 188 for seven wickets against Wil* liamstown last Saturday, when the rain put a stop to the play. F. Walters played excellent cricket for his contribution of 66, which included 11 foarers, five of them being hit high oat of the ground. Ames 3G, H. Qroabe and Melville 23 each, Tankard 15, and Deely 11, &lso; batted well. Juckes and Catneron bowled with success for WilliamBtown. 