PORTFOLIO. Our blessed Lord; in promising to His disciples the gift of the Holy Ghost; de scribes what the Holy Ghost should do for them. He was to be acomnforter: He was also to be a " Remembrancer." God the Holy Ghost is in the Christian Church a ' Remembrancor," bringing back to the human mind, wholly or partially forgot ten truth. "He shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembranco, whatsoever I have said unto you." We interpret God's dealings with us not at the moment, but as we go over them again in memory. It is in memory that you can trace God's dealings with your soul. Not as they happen, but when brought to your remembrance, all things are plain. The.Holy Ghost presses into the service of God one of God's most sublime gifts to men : and using the power of man's mom ory to check man's sin, to stir him to re pentance, and acting through it turning souls unto righteousness, opening the un dcrstandlSig and unlocking the heart. Never resist .the influence of those gra ciousemoments when through the remem brance of past scenes God the Spirit pleads with your souls. Memory is perhaps the medium through which the Holy Spirit seeks more especially to penetrate the 'crust of the world-hardened heart.-Dr. Woodford, Bishop of El.y. The People Want Proof.-There is no medicine prescribed by' physicians, or sold by Druggists, that carries such evidence of its success and superior virtue as B13oSCEes's GERMAN SnrUP for severe Coughs, Colds, settled on the breast, Consumption, or any disease of the Throat and Lungs. Aproof " of that fact is that any'person nflicted can get a Samplc.Bottle for lid and try its sap, rior offect before buying the regular sle at 4s Ud. • It has lately been introduced In this country from Germany, and its wonderful cures Are tstonishing every one that uses it. Three doses will' relieve any case. 'Try it. All Chemists Storekeepers. WVholesale by IlooKi , TO?irsTrr & Co., Melbourne. 'It Saved My Life.-The value of human lifo is-so supremely important that anything which tends to its prolongatioi is entitled to the highest consideration. Speaking to us recently on this subject, Charles Nelson, Esq,, proprietor Nelson House, Port Huron, observed:, I suffered so with rheuimatismn that my ann withered, and physicians could not help fme. I was in despair of my life, when someone advised me to try St." Jacob's Oil. I did so, and as if by magic, I was in stantly relieved, aid, hy the continod uise of the Oil, entirely cured. I thank heaven for having used this wonderful remedy, for , it ln ferd my fe. It has also cured my wife. -•Pert JIluro (3ichi.) C'onmcrrfda, U.S.A S-Sold by all Chcmnists.--[Adrt,I] "A thing of beauty is a joy forever," is simply the poetic investiture, which the imaginative and teoder.hearted Keats put upon a very practical idea. That idea is; tiht a thing of value lasts forever. Iothler woids, thma a real good is a permanent obne fit, a living boenchence, aI decathless virtue. On this .gnild principle were it not that WVOLmIr'e IISNAI"I ' woo tlhe tonie nad in vigorant tlhat it was, it would long since have pisseud out of the public uiud.1uh-hf't.J 