THE ANTAGONISM OP INDIFFERENCE. BY THB BUY. DB. BABBT, Bishop Eleot of Sydney. ' ' "He that is not with, me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth."-LUKE II., 23. "And John answered and said, Master, we saw one cast- ine out devils in thy name ; and we forbad him, because he followeih not with us. And Jesus said unto bim. Forbid him not; for he that is not against us is for us."-LUKB tx., 49, sa. '*'?('? When vre place these two sayings Bide by side, it ßeoma clear enough from the very fact of ita solemn ? . utterance as a maxim universal to all, and oven from ' the critical circumstances which called it forth, that the first of my texts is to bo taken as the loading and governing prinoiple. It' was spoken at a tuno when onr Lord's mission, now far advanced, was forcing itBelf upon His onomies as a terrible reality, and \?hon His miracles wore startling into attention and adoration tho wondering people. Thon tho ; Pharisees spoke out a cavil which, St. Matthew tells us, had boon uttored before. " He casteth out : devils through Beelzebud, tho princo of dovils." Now, tho malignity, tho wilful conscious slander of euch a cavil as this-you will remembor how it .touched tho inmost heart of our blossod Lord, and 'drew forth tho awful déclaration of that sin against tho Holy Ghost which could novor be pardoned. But the words of tho text hardly seem to bo addressed to \- these bitter and determined onomies. Wo know too "well that tho power of a slander, a doubt, a blasphemy it not limited to tho comparatively fow who acoopt it and make it their own ; it spreads far and wide with a certain chilling, deadly influence over tho many who flo not exactly boliovo it, but who think it may ' * possibly bo true-who do not actually sympathise with st, bnt who do not loathe it and despise it, and there- fore cannot prevent its poison from rankling in their hearts. And so, over that people just now stii red to adoration, there passod something of thia inactive uncertainty, this ignoble, but most natural, halting k Jbetwcen two opinions, and it was on thom that tho -, ¡Stern, incisive words of tho toxt broke in like the Bound of a trumpet, warning them that they uiuat not idly accept this suspension of belief-that thoy must Jnako up their mind, and talro thoir sido. " He that is not with mo is against mo ; and He that gathoroth not with mo scattereth abroad ;" for Bo far the Pharisees wero right-and all dcop study of the life and toaohing of our Lord confirms it-that His claims woro oithor tho divinest truth, or tho ¡most torriblo blasphemy - that Ho was either the Son of God, or, in tho effect of His work, was sorving tho Prinoe of Dark- ness. Botwoon such alternativos thero could not bo ^-1 will not say an absoluto noutrality, but even a 'compromiso of partial acceptance of tho ono or the (Other. Either mon must bo with Him or against Him ; ieither they must gathor His pooplo to Him, or they faust scatter them abroad to tho winds. !, Now the other occasion waa a very different one. It came not long beforo, just whon tho flash of glory in tho transfiguration had kindled tho diaoiplos' ininds to the expectation of a kingdom und glory to the question, who should have the first piaco in it to a desire to wield its avenging powers at onoe by calling down fire on that churlish Samaritan village. It was, I say, at this time that John said to Him, " Mnstor, wo saw one casting out devils in Thy name, and ho f olloweth. not with us, and wo forbad him because ho followcth not with ns." It is not necessary-it is not reasonable-to asoribo thoso words to a mero selfish jealousy. Tho Apostles knew that our Lord had recently spokon to them of founding a church-a united company of faithful men, built on ono who was their leader in a clear confession of truth and allegiance. They know that the f onndation of that church was His ohoson method for subduing the world to Himself, and for breaking down tho kingdom of Satan. What could be more natural than that they should hold the name of Christ to belong to that ^ohurch and to it alone that thoy should expect that now, as afterwards, tho evil spirit would cry out, " Josus I know, and His apostles I know ; but who art thou?" But our Lord judged otherwise He accepted what He knew to bo a real but imperfect homage -a homage of a true belief, although that beliof had not lcd, as it ought to have led, to the great sacrifico of following the Lord. Not that Ho accepted it as though that wore the moat excellent way ; not that He placed it on an equal footing with tho apostolic service and blessing. _ No, not for a moment ; but Ho would not havo it condemned and forbidden. He would givo it at least somo crumb from tho table pf His blessing; Ho would cast over it, at least, the skirts of a negative protection. "No man," said He, " who eau work a miracle in my name will lightly speak evil of mo. He that ÍB not against ns is on our Bide." ' This teaching of our Lord is full of a gracious feeling which has guided many a faithful disciple in Subsequent generations ; but spoken only in private warning, only in gentle reproof of an over fervent apostle, it cannot hold moro than a secondary place, correcting rather than contradicting that universal principle, " Ho that is not with mo is against mo : and he that gathoreth not with mo scattoreth." Tho view of life, which that principio conveys, ia, doubtless, a very serious-a yery terrible one. With this picture of an uncnasing warfare and a sleepless responsibility, men, you know, dolight to take ref uge f rom it in tho conception of at few decisive aota of good, and a:large comfortable residue of words and thingB indifferent in which, so to speak, we may rest and tako tho caso of careless- ness.- And, no doubt, thoro are groat differences in degree. No doubt there aro critical events and periods of lifo after which the impulso of action seems to carry a man insonsibly on, and the strange power of habit deepens their effects into a second nature; but still our Lord'B teaching only confirms tho conclusion of all ßorions thought, that life is a éontinual growth in wh;ch every trivial act and ovory idle word boars a real part. St Paul, you remember, boldly gives to men tho glorious title of fellow workers with God-a title not, as has been of lato strangely maintained, implying that tho creativo power is limited, but that the co-operation of human wills is a factor in tho foresoen order of His provi- dence. But tho work of God goes on : it cannot j cease, it cannot bo limited for a momont, and if BO, all who tako part in it are unable to pause or limit thoir service exoeptby tho full measure of their capacity. Thoso who stand idle in this stream, or those who try to stem ita beneficent current, are tn Banal truth, although in different degrees, against it. Clearly there can ba no aofc, no word, no thought, absolutely indifferent, and therefore, in a world where evil strives with good, it is vain to ory 'peace, peace," where thero is no peace. So, brethren, it ia in regard of truth. In every assertion, in every form of statement or teaching, there ia truth or falsehood. In every conflict of words and thoughts, the truth and falsehood, though they may not bs unmixed on either sido, yet must on one sida or the other predominate. And you may be assured that there is no truth, even the ?lightest, that ia not fraught with blessing : there is no falsahood, lot it scorn ever so venial, which is not burdened with a curse. Therefore, wherever such a question crosses our path we havo no rieht to stand neutral. Wo must make np our mind which way the truth lies, and then wo must cherish it and proclaim it, and if need be, defend it ana fight for it. just so far as God gives us power. Why, I would ask, do we so honour a life that is given to the diecovery of truth, whether it bo the truth of nature, or the truth of man, or tho truth of God ? Why do we hold that the man who has kindled one little beacon of truth, or has quenched ono bewildering meteor of falsehood, has not lived in vain ? Thero may bo other reasons, but the chief glory of suoh striving for truth is in tho fact that ho ia working together with God. We know that falsehood prevails, not so much from tho lovo of it in the few, as from sheer indifference in j the many. We know that falsehood is propogatod far moro widely by carelessness of truth than by deliberate lying, and our indignation against those who sin thus nogatively is kindled by tho knowlodge that, not being'with God, they are against Him, and, not gathoring mon into the bright circlo of truth, they aro scattering them abroad into the pathloss darkness of falsehood. So, my brothren, again it ia still more in the question of right. In every aot, in every law, in every institution, there is a right and a wrong. In every practical contest, bo it personal or social, political or ecclesiastical, there ia a side on which right or wrong prepondoratos ; and hore, in propor- tion as freedom brings responsibility, as wealth, or education, or ability increases our power ; as the complicated notwork of civilization widens out onr influence, wo must work and toil for the right, and, if it noed bo, wo must oven fight for it. In our own dayB, and in our own country, that duty seems to increase every day. Tho iron hand of law, firmer, as wo trust, than over, nevertheless confines itself within narrowe» limits. Many of us-most of na-go through lifo untouched by it, and uncon- scious of its working. More and moro, therefore, deponds upon that potent public opinion which every ono of ns can help to form, whioli is infinitely i more subtle, more soarching, moro powerful than law oan ovor be ; and the sins of our day, whether they bo sins of violonco or Bins of commercial dishonesty, or sins of political injustice and corruption, or Bins of Bocial profligacy, flourish justbeoauBO mon will look at them wir,h a cynical indifference-a timid or a sentimental toleration. And surely, against those who do so tho world will go forth from that throne of righteousness above. " Ye who were not with mo were against mo. Yo who gathered not mon into tho goldon bond of right really soattored thom.into tho wretched anarchy of wrong." But como nearer still to the text and see how it ia m the question, not of truth, not of lifo, but of Godlinoss. Suroly tho one groat question of all questions is the question whether thero is a God whom neu can know and lovo, or whethor thoro ÍB nothing higher than nature and humanity, or a God unknown and unknowable. And when thia great question is answered, then we havo still to ask does 'God reveal Himself only to tho cohscionco and thought of eaoh individual man, or has thero been a revela- tion given to tho raco to bo a priceless troasuro for ever? And thia lust inquiry, if it means anything, ultimately narrows itself into tho further question, has God manifested Himself in the Lord Jesus Christ, not aa merely tho greatest of earthly toaehors, but as a divino incarnation in tho natuvo of man? Is tho ultimate deci^iun of truth and falsehood-is tho ultimate basis of tho world's morality-*-to be built on tho faith in Him? Every speculation of our own day shows us that this is tho form which the question of godliness or ungodliness must take. Tho cry from tho one camp, " God is unknowable," if it is to be answered at all, must be answered by the cry, " God is known in Jesus Christ." My brethren, this is a question on which we cannot possibly be neutral. Tho attitude, which some propose to us, of a life- long scepticism, is simply intolerable—is absolutely inhuman. How can this question wait? Life, my brethren, waits not, and death will not wait. How can that wait tho answer to which is tho true centre of the one, and the only light in the darkness of tho other ? And yet how many of those who call themselves Christians, even of those who throng such congregations as this, and who raise the song of praise like tho sound of many waters to a half known God-seem to be content to be just half persuaded as though they dared not ask the question in fear of what the answer would be. It must not be. Such a state is toler- able only as a transition in the individual, or in the generation. It is but a twilight ; but Bhall that twilight doopon into the gloom of night, or shall it brighten into the golden day ? Our Lord dealt ten- derly with an inquiring faith. Our Lord accepted even an imperfect service ; but Ho Himsolf doclarod that while He came not to judge, but to save, tho very utterance of His word must judge between belief and unbelief. In thia world we see three classos the determined foes, tho adoring disciples, and tho wavering multitude botwoen j but His eye sees in that central masa, tho sotting as it were of two op- posite tides. Ho looks on to the day when tho whole mass shall have been melted either to tho right hand or to tho left, and therefore Ho cries in a voico in which tho ring of sternness ÍB almost lost in tho pathos of a yearning love, " He that is not with me is against me, and he that gathoroth not with me scattereth thom abroad." Is it ploaded against this -" Ay, but wo cannot make up our mind ? We can t not soo which way lie truth and right. "Wo cannot toll how tho great question of God is tobe answered." It may be BO. Nine times, indopd, out of ten when we say it is so, it is simply because we do not really strive to know as men strive for a mattor of lifo and death. But sometimes it may bo so ; there may bo a real darkness eathering round our path, and, if it bo so, my brethren, we must hold it, not to ho a stato to be gloried in, or to bo accepted with a stupid patience, but rather a state all but intolerable from which we should strivo and pray to bo delivered. Only when wo do so can we hope that God will find UB a way out of this darkness, that darkness which, our greatest English moralist teaches, ia often tho special trial and often the peculiar cross of the vory noblest minds. And meanwhile, following that Game teacher, bo it ours to remember that even an imperfect power of judgment carries with it a measure of responsibility proportioned to the degree of its conviction. It were bettor perhaps, to grope about with Bomo danger in the dimness than to Bit still and be frozen into a certain death of spirit before the wiBhed-for day comes. » Ia it pleaded again, " TbeHe ara bard queBtionB. j They maybe solved, perhaps, by the leading minds ol humanity ; but what of us who aro only of the crowd ? Can we help to eolve them P" My brethren, ; it ia true that in all knowledge-intellectual, moral, spiritual-original thinkers are but few. The dia ! coverers who burst into the silent waters of an un j known sea are but a handful in each generation ; but j still there ia a duty upon the mass of men-the work j of that common sense which is the treasure of society ; at large. Their duty is to judge, to test, to ponder ! the truth that is discovered, and then partly to graap that truth in knowledge, and partly still to receive it in faith-the faith which knows enough for trust and not enough for perfect conviction. And be it added here, it is just this law of partial know- ledge and completing faith which we claim in its highest application tor our Lord Jesus Christ Himself. Wo know enough to trust Him. We can seo the convergence on Him.of many signs of Godhead. Tho flashes of miracle, the clear, swoet light of His teaching, the heavenly radiauco of His perfect life-we nan see all those weaving a halo of glory for that divine head. Wo know enough to cry out with St. Peter, " Lord, to whom else »hall we go? for Thou hast tho words of eternal life;1' and for all beyond this we rest upon Him in faith ¡ and as we so rest and bogin to do His will, then wo come to know. Ay, being rooted and grounded in love, we know that which passcth all knowledge, and are filled with all tho fulness of God. It is in view of that very faith that Ho claims our active, oner- ( getic service. It is because such faith ia absolutely Hia due, that He will not accept either a nogative and patronising friendliness or a luke- warm, demi- acquiescenoo, or a boundless pro- crastination to some indefinite season of greater light. Let ÜB not deceive ourselves. Thero is not one of us who has not to take his placo in tho work of God ; and unhappily, in this world aa it ia, that means to take a sido in a battle, and, moreover, that battle is a fight, not against abstract principles, which would be but a light thing ; it is a battle against living men who hold them j and there lie the pain and tho perplexity. Our Lord Himself could not avoid it. Tho lightning of His rightoous anger not only blasted falsehood and wrong, but scathed those Scribes and Phariscos who ! maintained thom in the name of God. What, I ask, shall wo do ? It is hard to do ; it is not, perhaps, hard to BOO. First of all, tho moro wa can act positivoly, without tho negations ol' antagonism, tho bettor it is for all ; and wo can all of us make thia work tho chief work of our life. Wo can speak and work out the truth, and believe that, BO to spoak, it will choke out tho weeda of falsohood from the soil of tho human mind. Wo can labour for all that ia loving and right, and believe that, when it fires tho souls of men, wrong and dishonesty and oppres- sion and immorality will pine away and die. Wo can fight against ungodliness by bringing out tho intellectual, tho moral, tho spiritual powor of the lifo in God, assured that, if it como out in its divine strength, it will ride triumphant over many pitfalls of speculative difficulty, and ovor many barriers oven of moral perplexity. It is in this positivo work for God that wo Bhail find our own spiritual health and growth. It is in it that wo can do tho happiest and i tho truost, the widest and tho doepest service. I But when thia will not do-when we feel that wo cannot let falsohood pasa nnanawered-that we can- not help bearing witnosB against wrong-that we can- not bo silent whon God is deniod, or Ilia truth falsely preached, then still wo can first learn that lesson of [ our Lord's own lifo-to distinguish between tho sin and the sinner, hating tho ono and loving tho other. And noxt, wo can surely act and speak and think in the humility which considers our own errors and sins-in tho charity which knows how much in mon there is of good which only tho eyes of God can soo in tho oonaoiousneBS that in this world good and ovil, and truth and falBohood, aro strangoly minglod together, and in tho belief that many whom wo think far from tho kingdom of God may, porhapa, be nearer te it than we. It is in tho spirit moro than in tho fact of contest that the real sting and poison lio. It is a maxim, you know, in tho statesmanship of tho world-"Fight with your enemy aa though some day he would be your friend." But our Bible gives usa higher teaching-"Count him not-not for a moment-an enemy, but esteem him always as a brother." And to como still nearor to tho warning: of our Lord to St. John, ono thing moro wo can do. In those divided days, tho call to do is louder than ever. Wo can recogniso the truo sorvicos of God, even if it bo not in what wo think tho most excellent way. Let us hold our own line, tho moro distinotly, tho more fervently, tho more resolutely, the botter ; and yet, unless it absolutely cross tho path of our duty, wo need not forbid, and we need not thwart it. In that throofold battle for truth, for right, and for godliness, thoro is, room enough and thero is work enough for UB all. Only look round tho world. See how misery overshadows so much of it ; how moral evil stains it through and through ; how hopeless ignorance of God too often bowilders mon like some cold, pestilential mist, bringing with it disease and death. Remember, my brothron, that every man who doolares ono truth, who wipes away ono tear, who tramplos on one wrong-remember that he is not against us but on our sido, and especially remember of all who proclaim tho name of Christ, although their honour to Him may seem to us most unworthy-although their proclamation of His truth may bo insufficient or perverted-although their ministration of grace may seem to us imperfect and vain,-remember, still, although they aro in HÍB name casting out tho devils of falsohood, ungodli- ness, and wrong, that Ho docB not despise their service; and how shall we dare to denounce or to decry it P My brothren, thoro is difficulty. All things worth doing aro difficult; but thoro is no impossibility in reconciling those two sayings of our Lord. Bettor it would be, ' if we had to choose, to havo earnestness at tho cost of strife, rather than tho so-called peace which is nothing but solitude and doadness ; but we need not chooso. Wo may have both-may have I earnest zoal tempered and softened-but yet rather strengthened than weakened - by humility and charity. Nevor was thoro a timo when there was moro need for both, for tho England that wo lovo, for the Church that we reverence, and for the Lord that we adore. And, thoroforo, may God grant all of us to havo both, as in the name, so in tho spirit, of our Lord and Saviour JOBUS Christ. 