? rODAS OKL'S. [Or Adam Li>dsay Gordon.] Am 1- wakiujj ! Was I kltcping ? Ueaiwt, tre^qg watrljing'yet 1 Tr.tcc* on j-Dur cbccks of noepio: <»ittter, Xis in rain youfret; Drifting ever!. drifting onward! In Uic grass the bright sand rnns Steatlity :iud slowly downward; ilash'd arc all the Myrmidons. Has Automcdon been banish"d From bis post beside my bed ? Where hss Agamemnon vanished ? Where is wurlikc Diomed ? Where is Nestor 1 where Ulysses I Menelaus, where is he ? Call them not, more dear your kisses Ttian their prosings are to nc. Daylight fades and night must follow, Low, where sen and sky combine, Droojw the orb of great Apollo, Hosti.'c gbJ to mo and mine. Through the tent'su ideentrauccstreaming, In a flood of glory rare, Glides the goldc.i suusct, gleaming On your golden, gleaming hair. Chide him not. the leech trlto tarries, Surest aid were all too late; Sorer for the shaft of 1'a.ris, Winged by itia&u;* and by fate; When he crouch'd behind the gable, Had I once bii fc.ttujes scaun'd, Phoebui* self bad scarcc been able To hare nerved bis trembling hand. Bine-eyed inaide:i! dear Athena ! Goddess chaste, and wise, and brave, From the snares of Poiyxena .Thou troufd'st fain thy favorite save. -Tell me, Is it not far better That it. should be as it ii? ? Jove's behe>ts we cinnot fetter, Fate 8 decrees are always his. Many feck for peace and riches, Length of days and life of ease ; I hare sought for one thing, which is Fairer unto me than these. Often, too, I've heard the story, In my boyhood, of the doom Which the fates assign \1 me—Glory, Gotipled with au early tomb. Swift assault and sudden sally Underneath the Trojan wall; Charge, and countercharge, nnd rally, War-cry loud, and trnmpetcall; Doubtful strain of desp'rate battlo, Cat and 'hmet and grapple fierce, Swords that ring on-shields that rattle, Blades that gash and darts that pierce;— T have done with these for ever ; By the loud resounding sea, Where the reedy jav'lins quiver, There is now no place for me. Day by day our rnnk* diminish, We are foiling day by day: But our sons the strife will finish. Where man tarries, man must slay. Life, 'tis said, to all men sweet is, Death to all must bitter be ; Wherefore thus, oh, mother Thetis! None can baffle Jove's decree / I am ready, I am willing, To resign my stormy life ; Wchtt of this long blood-6pilling, Sated with this ceaseless strife. Shorter doom I've pictured dimly, On a bed of crimson sand ; Fighting hard and dying grimly, Silent lipR. and striking hand ; But the toughest lives are brittle. And the bravest and the best LighJly fall—it matters little Now, I only long for rest. I have seen enough of slaughter, Seen Scamander's torrent red, Seen hot blood poured out like water, Been the campaign heap'd with dead. Men will call me unrelenting, Pitiless, vindictive, stern ; Few will Taise a voice dissenting, Few will better things discern. Speak! the fires of life are reeling, Like the wildfires on the marsh. Was I to a friend unfeeling? Was I to a mistress harsh J Was there nought save bloodshed throbbing In this heart and on this brow Whisper! girl, in silence sobbing ! Dead Patxoclus' answer thou 1 Dry those violet orbs that glisten, Darling, I have had my day ? riace your hand in mine and listen, Ere the strong soul cleaves its way Through the death mist hovering o'er mc, As the stout ship cleaves the wave, To my fathers, gone before me, To the gods who love the.bravc 5 Courage, we must part for certain ; Shades that siuk and shades that rise, Blending in a shroud-like curtain. Gather o'er these weary eyes. . O'er the fields wc used to roam, in Brighter days and lighter cheer, Gathers thus the quiet gloaming,— Now, I ween the end is near. For the hand that clasps your fingers, Closing in the death-grip tight, Scarcely feels the warmth that lingers, Scarcely heeds the pressure light; While the failing pulse that alters, Changing 'neatb a death chill damp, Flitters, flutters, flags, and falters, Feebly, like a waning- lamp. Think'st thou, love, 'twill chafe my ghost in Hades' realm, where heroes shine, Should I hear the shepherd boasting To bis Argire concubine I Let hiui boast, die girlish victor, Lei him brag ; not thus, I trow, Were the laurels torn from Hector. Not so very long ago. Dees my voice sound thick and husky 1 Is my hand no longer warm ? Round that neck where pearls look dusky Let me once more wind my arm ; Lot your head rest on that shoulder, Where it rested oft]o£ yore ; Warm and white, vet secmiug colder Now than ere it did before. 'Twas the fraud of Priam's daughter, Not the force of Pri&m;'s son, Slew me—ask not why I 6onght her, 'Twas my doom—her work is done 1 .Fairer far than she, and dearer By a thousand-fold thou art; Come, my own one, nestle nearer, Cheating death of half his smart. Slowly, while your amber tresses Shower down their golden sain, Let ine drink those last caresses, Never to be felt again; Yet lh' Eiysian halls are spacious, Somewhere near me, I may keep Room—who knows?—Tlie gods are gracious Lay me lower—let me sleep ! Lower yet, my senses wonder, And my spirit seems to roll With the tide of swift Scamauder Boshing to a viewless goal. In my ears, like distant washing Of tlie surf upon the shore, Drones a murmur, faintly splashing, 'Tis the splash of Charon s oar. Lower yet, my own Briseis, Denser shadows veil the light; Hush, what is te be, to be is, Close my eyes and say good-night. Lightly lay your red lips, kissing, On this cold mouth, while your thumbs Lie on these cold eyelids pressing— Pallas ; thus thy soldier comes 1 