T'UESDAY, MA RHl 13; 1883. ?WVocaNs, the storm prognosticator, lhao proved It second Mother SnirTrox. After exciting the fears of the credulous, to anl extnot that led to tll sorts of precautions, nothing has come of it. True there wore, as all moteorologists predicted, certain disturbances in the atmnos pheor, but nothing tInusual-not the ghost of a storml-not LVOIl astorm in i teapot. So mulch for the alarmist, who must now take his place amongst the false propheots. 'J',ltiat wvas It disgusting rumour afloat in town on Monday morning. It was bruited about tlhat a corgms had booeen oxhuind and placed on the gate Lusts of the Church of England school room. I: orttunately, foi thie credit of Quean boyan, the rumour,' like \lilnoas's predicted storm, was rose ci pretelienea ihil. Perlhalr;s it aroso out of tllo unlucky wight lwho was caught in a muan-trap the same- morning in his endea vour to enter;the parsulnago gardoen to '' prig what wvanli't hin'l." QuO ANIvYAN is all agog ovoer racing matters. On Saturdlay oefolhtNAN r'n A[AT ntl and con trary to Overyone's expectaLtions, beat him. The liicalngo Ilan has wired in andl got h]is nmlll up, ill consequence, besides pocketing his adversary's £20. Anillgst t111 butting fraternity large odds wore dropped over the transactionl; and it is to be hojped that if thire losers are poorer they are also wiser mien. Yi?rTI:uAY MIr.., O. Scoar trotted his roin inuru for a wager of £5 aside against IMr. (. Dr Sa.rr's browi Illareo, ton miles or more, from SnluM1AiK 's 1lnn, Caminrra, to the Pont Oftico at Quteanboyanm. l [Mosrs. L. AIALONx? and E. IH. Lu.tc accompanied thm wltips (Messrs. Scorr and J. MAIONxI) as referees. It was a gra'ld speciimen of trotting in harness, the distance (iicluding lulf-a-'mile of had road which had to be walked over)lbeoig covered in 48 minutes, or at the rato of amlilu overy four minutes. The roan mare reached the post-oflice while the bay ?ais crossing the bridge. A lot of bettilng, as iusual, was indulged ill over this spurt. A I)1ll'.tACFtiultL sceelO occ0urrted ill the principal thoroughfare of. Queanlhoyn oni Suntlday after noon. A knot of maen (I) wyre to be seen ill front of aiid under a plblie-hloisu verandah. What w'ors thlcy doing? Guttin:; utp a footrace gainlst tihnu for It puund, to couo oil' iup and down tle main st reet. Did it conoe off? Yes ; anltd now thlio is somethlillg else to follow-a police-courtcars, ill which the aIders and ahot tors inl this outrage on public decency will fig ur its dlfendanlts. Verdict: Cuilty. Punish. rlit : Fined and cautioneud. Pullie mupinion SteI'r 'eII right. ':in, amateur dramatic progrnanmuo for Thure luiy iight, coupll witll the objoet in view, mighlt to diraw a hiumnpor house. AF.'-stw S. Mt..LitonN & Co. haveo Ia plythlior of auction salel on0 for PThliursday InXt. Theirl \weekly pales nrid n good idtlr, and are sure to econlll It BIsuccepI. A n'ctilltrro'nINr at tilliudnroo wired as yes torday an " collect." telogra?u, to iluruiro whutlior Wigginll's. stol' has umllniilated Quaullbynal, sil?co Inst Friday'n A:e' had n t turlned mup nat (illllntdroo at that thet. All we can sly is that it was dull?,ypato:l. vih Yai.a, nas usuttnl s'i111111 , have rachlle'l Guiun aro 'll ti Satlnmrdaty muii-ni?t. ThIe ulmatth" is being reportedtl to thuile l'oustuaiºtur Gonuernl, as the nrae of thoae frequent coiln plahtlts lieOn it the door o f the post-onfllcsc , inml, we nim reulalvo hcl to e mthi llmtter fully hiven titgateid, Iltud will hti?Cll rlotmely, mor knovw tihe rlntii uall hy. Ay ttr.i h races :?aCminher,'n t,.tuor oiv. Owirt to a bieak in ` he liine vie are Wit 'our# r tisu i rss'mes'e 