RACHEL'S TROTH : OR THE LOST MAN, By Wm. C. Honeyman, Author of "Little Nell," " Fame," " Broken on the Wheel," " Not Proven," &c.; Chapter IX.—(Continued.) Mrs. Halstead found Rachel quiet; and dig nified if not exuberantly happy, and acting on the plan she had fixed- upon in the train, she allowed her hostess to carry on all the conver sation. This was the safest plan; as at any moment an awkward question might be put or an unguarded expression escape her, which should undo all she wished to make secure. Rachel did' not care for visitors just then; except to keep 'her from - thinking of the coming sacrifice, and of all who had* so favored her she liked Mrs. Halstead least. She had never forgotten that wild denuncia tion on the pier at Arbroath, when news of the lost man came in, and there was some-; thing within her—instinct, spirit, soul,-call it what you please—which told; her that the woman before :her had no sincerity or love : in her heart to spare for her. But she was forced to speak and be pleasant, for her visitor remained rigidly ' silent, -7and Rachel's forgiving nature and •tender heart reminded her of all that stern faced -mother had endured and lost. Mr. Morrison and John Hunter were both absent at the mills, and the two ladies spent the afternoon very agreeably together, Mrs. Halstead getting all the information she wanted, and a great deal more which she did not desire. ■ "They will not allow me to delay my trip to Italy more than a month," said Rachel, sadly, " so-I think I will have to yield, and be married at the end of that time. It seems ' almost sinful, and a cruel wrong on Harry's' memory. Oh, Mrs. Halstead, tell me truly, do you think it possible that Harry can be still alive? I do not feel as if he were dead," she tearfully continued, while her visitor's face slowly assumed a deep scarlet color, which made herjthankful for the shady corner in which.'she had planted herself. "Some . thing within me like his own voice night and ■ day.-crie.s-; to me,' Rachel, -I am here: on earth - I am ever with you—ever near—ever losing— lam not dead—I am alive—here beside you in spirit; though absent in body.'" ;lt was well for the visitor that Rachel was too much agitated to notice Mrs. Halstead's face as she thus poured forth her: feelings. ' From crimson it changed'to purple, then be came almost black and as suddenly a ghastly white. The mouth opened to make a reply, but not a word would leave- the tongue or issue from that parched throat. " But why need I ask ?" sadly pursued the girl. "A mother's instincts are seldom wrong, and you have mourned him as dead with greater grief and suffering than I could endure. Perhaps they are right, and he is dead, and will never come again?" There was still no answer from that guilty looking woman cowering and changing color in the corner. Was conscience at work again and tugging and beseeching her to change her course ? '"Do you not feel that he is 'dead2" said Rachel at last, with a startling abruptness which almost caused her visitor to faint on the spot. What answer was aim to make ? Say she did not know ? or lie straightforward and say she knew he was dead ? She had no time to decide, and mumbled out an indistinct and incoherent— .. „ , . . "Let us not speak of him, Rachel; it will only make you ill, and it distresses me. ' We must accept our destiny, be it good or ill. Whatever is good for us will be given us, and whatever is not for our good will be with held." " I feel that 1" cried Rachel, brightly; " I feel that, and believe it in my heart, dear Mrs. Halstead. It is a rock of strength for my faith to rest upon. God knows best what to give me." . "And you have a good loving husband, and every prospect of happiness," hurriedly pur sued Mrs. Halstead. "I never felt more pleased than when I heard of the engage ment," she added, with perfect truth. "And in case I might not see you before you go away I came up specially to wish you well," " Ah, but we may see each other often be fore, then," returned Rachel with a winning smile j" for I mean to be married in Arbroath. We are coming down to stay there till—till I go away." I "Good gracious! You do not say so?" cried Mrs. Halstead, in great alarm, before she. knew what she was saying. "Would you not be better to keep away from Arbroath ? There must be so many painful recollections and sorrowful- thoughts that—really I think it would scarcely be good for you. to come." " There must be the same to you," pensively. and unsuspiciously answered Rachel; "yet I have no doubt you cannot leave it. Some thing draws me to- it—something which I am unable to resist. I must go there. I cannot, keep away. I have tried to make myself: believe that it will upset me and make me ill, but reason has no voice in the matter. If I am to be married—if I am-to live as long—it shall he at Arbroath." Mrs. Halstead could not understand the foolish freak, and spoke out strongly and even with sharpness and Irritation against it; but neither she nor Mr. Morrison, who joined them, could produce the slightest impression upon her resolve. As for John Hunter, he he tookjpart strongly with Rachel, as became a man on the eve of marriage andin the seventh heaven of jubilant expectation; so of course Rachel triumphed. They were to go down to the old house, and Rachel was to nave perfect peace and freedom to wander over all the familiar haunts before getting afloat on that tideless sea whose two shores seemed earth and heaven. Mrs. Haistead went back to Arbroath angry and alarmed, and the more so because she could confide in no one, and was powerless to avert what might bring her alife'3 regret. She was helpless in the Hands of fate. Rachel came to Arbroath and wandered like a pale shadow among her old friends, but tbey in tbeir bluff strength whispered when she was past that she was fading away.' They doubted if she would live to her wedding day, and muttered about a shroud being more likely to be needed than a bridal dress. These weeks were a perfect torture to Mrs. Halstead. Her servant declared that the widow was going mad, and gave in her notice three separate times. Mrs. Halstead could not sleep alone, and insisted on answering the door at all hours, and watched at the window and listened at the door, like a womanjwhose reason was fairly unhinged. The servant became frightened, and refused to sleep with her, and then came remonstrances and quarrels without end. One day there came another letter, this time bearing the London postmark, addressed in the same wonder ful handwriting, and again-the servant, who had taken it from the carrier on the street, stared at the writing, and declared it to be very like her dead young master's. Mrs. Halstead 'answered the letter promptly, and again"took a journey to Dundee to post her letter. She was more calm and reasonable after that taskwas over, though had sheknown what was coming she would have been more disturbed. - That which we most dread seldom comes, and that which we think impossible overtakes us like a thief in the night. Dark ness had come down on Arbroath, and the parlor blinds were down at Rose Cottage, and Mrs. Halstead sat knitting by the cheer ful light with her chair drawn close to the. fire. She felt pretty comfortable and safe, for the morrow was Rachel's wedding-day Thep resents were all received, the-eards issued, and every arrangement made and fixed. It was almost as certain as if Rachel had been fairly married. Another'day—nay, less than a day—and she would breathe freely and defy fate. These were her thoughts when her quick: ear caught the sound of a firm heavy tread: • on the gravel walk, followed by a ring,'which but one band had ever dared to infict on that bell. Mrs. Halstead started to her feet, deathly pale, with the knitting dropping from her nerveless hands. "Can he have come at such a time?" she faintly whispered to herself, with her heart heating her sides with' blows like those of a' sledge-hammer. "I told him not to come— told him of her faithlessness and her coming marriage—told him to stay away, till her wed ding was over; forbade him to come here, as he'valued his own happiness; and yet that step and that ring." She would have rushed to the outer door to open it and let in the stranger, unseen by the servant, but tKe girl was already in the hall ; the fearless ringer stepped within—a rough-looking man in seaman's garb—and the ervant had to "stare at him for some moments in surprise, by the light of the hall lamp, before she recognised the stern and gloomy - features. When she: did recognise them she screamed—shrinking back with averted head and upraised Hands all the while—scream upon scream, so wild and piercing that Mrs. Halstead could scarcely stifle the cries .by half smothering her servant. " It's his ghost! It's his ghost?'' screamed the, girl, wrenching free from her mistress's hands, and pointing to the stranger, " It's Harry's ghost! Don't you-see it ? There 1 there!" (To be continued. The meeting of ratepayers respecting the pro proposed corporation loan of £16;509'advertised to be beld-this evening in the Town Ball has been post poned till Tuesday evening next. A special meeting of the legal Rowing Club is to: be held at.the University,'North-terrace, this even ing, to confirm the terms of,amalgamation.; withthe UniversityClub, and to'elect officers. A meeting of carpenters and jolqers is to be held at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, St. -Vincent-'street, Port Adelaide, this evening, to consicler the forming of a code of working rules to be submitted to em plojers. " •'' - 