THE MYSTERY OF GLAMIS CASTLE. The Strathmore family ia one of the oldest and most historical of Scotland. They have been Earls eince 1423, and inhabit a no less historical castle than that of Glamis, associated with the Macbeths. _ In 1455 Lady Strathmore, falsely accused of conspiracy by witchcraft against the lite of King James IV. of Scot- land, was burnt in the _raasemarkets, Edinburgh. Her son, driven desperate by persecution, flung him- self over a rock and perished immediately. The title remained some years dormant, but was revived by James I. of England, VI. of Scotland. It is said the lady of Strathmore cursed her family for having1 abandoned her in her distress. Be this as it may, here is what recently transpired in this ancient house. For four generations there has been a mystery at Glamis Castle which no one has ever been able to fathom. Some said it was a ghost, others a mysteriously hidden treasure ; but rumours of a more or less uncanny nature floated round the oountry, and have done BO for about 93 years. Four Earls of Strathmore have seated them- selves in anoestral state at Westminster, and yet all the while the real Earl, the eldest of the family, was alive, hidden in the vast old feudal palace at Glamis. He died only last year, aged 92 years, and he was a mqnster. He stood eight feet in height. His head and the upper part pi his body resembled that of a toad. His skin was marked with blaok and whito splotches, and his hands were webbed. Ho could not speak or hoar, but his eyeB were bright but wild. He never showed signs of reason, and in order to avoid legal difficulties and painful revelations, this horror was hidden in a building erected on purpose. His gaolers were paid handsome annuities to keep silent. As each Earl suoceeded to the estate he was taken to see this terrific creature, and it is said that one of these gentlemen al moat lost his reason in beholding the loathsome and gigantic horror. Last year the poor wretch died, and his secret has oome out, owing to difficulties concerning the disposal of his remains. The moat extraordinary part of it all ia that the whereabouts of the monster Earl was kept so wonder- i I fully quiet, and also that he lived to suoh au ad- vanced age. 