WHY DID THE JEWS REJECT JESUS ? Br a Cosmopolitan Jew, I believe with a perfect faith that God i not corporeal, and that h cannot be likened to any mato-U! form, nor be subject to changes incident to matter." During the Inst half century, and especially during the last few years, tendencies to theological discus sion and to candid inquiry into the various existing beliefs have arisen among all parties. Intelligent minds ot all creeds have evinced a disposition not to deny absolutely all that is mysterious and super natural, but to keep aloof from obscure problems, in order to offer each other a baud on the neutral ground of moral ideas and incontestable truths» which, like the elements of all nature, are the com mon patrimony of the human race. From such standpoints as these, I indite this article. I desire to open up no discordant or unseemly controversy with my Christian fellow citizens, but, on the contrary, I simply desire to answer a momentous question, which has often been asked, but seldom or ever answered, " Why did the Jews reject Jesii3?" No quotations from Hebrew sources, no extracts from Talmud, Ge Marra, or Misbna, will I give, but my answer shall be . founded on the historical chapters of the Christian Gospels, so, without farther preface, I will proceed with my self-allotted task. At the time of Jesus' birth, Home had conquered and ruled Judca. The institutions of the Hebrew people, both political and religions, were threatened by the introduction of heathen practices, either en forced by their barbarous conquerers or originated by ambitious apostates. The resistance of the unhappy Jews strengthened with their misfortune, for they defended at once their country and their God. Their resistance was hopeless, the struggle between Jeru salem and Rome might be indefinitely prolonged, but the issue was not doubtful. Since the destruction of the first temple never was the condition of the Jews so desperate. The iron heel of the fierce Roman was cn the neck of prostrate Judea. Its institutions trampled in the dust, the liberties of the people scornfully derided, the glorious temple dedicated to Jehovah hourly threatened with heathen desecration and pollution. - In these dire straits the Jews — ever brave— were secretly preparing to rif?e and drive out tbeir implacable invader. In this Lour of their terrible adversity, when almost all earthly hope was gone, they— like their fathera of old — turned their thoughts heavenward, be lieving that the culmination of their distresses bad nearly arrived, Now was the time for the redemption of the promises of the ancient seers and prophets of Israel. The Jews at that period of their tribulation, although divided on many points of minor impor tance, were united in the belief of the near advent I of the "MESSIAH of JEHOVAH," the promised Liberator of Israel. Under these circumstances any liberator waa" sure to be received with enthusiasm. Whoever might come in the name of God to fulfil the promiees of the prophets to re-establish the throne of David, and to repulse with victorious arms the invaders of the soil and of the Holy City of the Lord, could not fail to excite transports of de light, and to rally around him all the men and all the forces of Israel. Never did hearts beat better prepared or more favourably disposed to welcome Him so frequently announced by the prophets, who, rekindling the quenched torch of David, was to break the yoke of the oppressor, to make Jerusalem the centre of the world, to reconduct all peoples to the unity of God, and to re-establish over the whole earth love, peace, and brotherhood. Josepbus informs us that at this particular period crowds of pseudo Mess'ians and false prophets had arisen, and that numbers of tbein had their dupes, followers, and disciples. If designing intriguers could so mislead, and deceive the people by falsely declaring themselves messen gers of the eternal, how irresistible would have been the power of the real Messiah when he at length should appear. The whole of Judca would infallibly have gathered around him, ready to follow JJhim, ready to raise him to the throne, ready to obey his voice. "Why then did they not see this Redeemer- and Saviour in Jesus Christ? The Jeans had no reason to reject the glorious destinies appointed to them directly or indirectly by their God. They had no reason not to recognise the Messiah as soon as he revealed himself. The Gospel will give ub the answer to the above question ; that gospel which is the aole documentary evidence we have testifying to the life the words and the acts of YeJuui ben Yuttxtjf (Joshua, the son of Joseph, as he was known anil called in Judea) ; or in other words, the son of Mary, The Bilcnce observed by contemporary writers— notably Josepbus, Tacitus, and Pkilo-Judmas— respecting this dramatic episode of Jewish history, clearly indicates that Jesus waa included with the crowd of false Messiahs, of which this period was so prolific, and produced at first no deeper impression, and left no more visible traces of his passage, than did the pretenders. It is conclusive from the Gospel narrative that Jesus did nothing, and desired to do nothing, by which the Jews should recognise him ; and moreover, he never ceased to deny them the proofs which they asked of him with such intense and painful anxiety. Now let us inquire into what were to be the signs, according to the belief of the Hebrew people, attendant upon the Messianic advent as propounded by the prophets. Among the supernatural events foretold, the Mes siah predicted by the sacred writings was to be pro ceeded by Elijah, the most popular and the most revered of the prophets among the Jews. " Behold, I will send yon Elijah, the prophet, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord." Zecha- riah ii., xiixxiv. According to the nataral order of events, the Messiah was to be a descendant of David, was to raise the throne of the prophet-king in Israel. He was to free God's people from the foreign yoke, reunite the dispersed children of the chosen race, and attract all the nations of the earth to the dogma of the unit, to change murderous weapons into implements of labour, and to inaugurate the reigu of universal peace: " And David, my servant, shall be king over them, and they all shall have one shepherd. . , And they shall dwell in the land that I have given unto Jacob, my servant, wherein your fathers have dvrelt; and they eball dwell therein, even they and tbeir children's children for ever : and my servant David eball be my servant forever," — Ezekiel, chapter 37, verse 34, "Judah shall dwell for ever, and Jerusalem from generation to generation."— Joel, chapter 3, verse 20, i Yea, many people and strong nations shall come to seek the Lord of hosts in Jerusalem, and to pray before the Lord. Thus saith the Lord of hosts : In those days it shall come to pass that 10 men out of all languages of the nations shall take hold of the 3kirtof him that is a Jew, saying that we will go with you, for we know that God is witu yon."— MicaU IV. " In that day I will raise up the tabernacle of David that is fallen, and I will close up the breaches thereof, and I will rebuild it, as in the days of old, that Israel may possess the remnant of Edom, and of all the heathen who shall call upon my same, saith the Lord," Amos, ix. 9. " Behold the day is come,' saith the Lord, that I will perform that good thing which I have promised to the house of Judah, In those days, and at that time, will I cause the branch of righteousness to grow up unto David, and be shall execute justice and righteousness in the land," Jeremiah, 33, 14, 10. " In that day, Jerusalem shall be called the house of prayer, for all nations," Isaiah, Ivi. 7. " And the Lord shall be king over all the earth; and iu that day the Lord shall be one, and His name one," Zechariufj, xiv, 9. " And He shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people, and they shall beat their swords into plough-shares, and their spears into pruning hooks ; nation shall not lift up the sword against uation, neither shall they learn war any more. " They shall not hurt uor destroy in all my holy mountain ; for the earth shall be full of the know ledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea. " The wolf and the lamb shall feed together, and the lion shall eat straw like the ox, they shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain, saith the Lord." — Isaiah, si. 0 and 9 ; Ixv. 25. Such were some of the principal prophecies which for ages past had announced the advent of the Messianic era to Israel, and had characterised that epoch for which the Jewish people sighed amidst their misfortunes and captivities. From these prophecies it is clearly manifest that from the day on which this Liberator should appear all nations were to form bat a single people ; that from thenceforth there was to be bnt one holy city— the centre of the world, the mistress of other cities— and that one was to be Jerusalem. One holy law waa to govern the whole human race— the law of Moses, Finally, all men were to worship but one only God, a unity in His essence and His name— Jehovah, the God of the Hebrews. Brotherhood, union, and universal peace were to be the indications and the results of the advent of the King, Messiah, when seated on the throne of David. He would rule with justice over nil the united peoples. Now it becomes our duty to examine in how far the prophecies which I have cited were fulfilled in JesuB of Nazareth, and in how far he proved his divinity, or at least his Messianic mission, to that Hebrew people, whose every hope, whose every wish, . were directed to the long looked-for advent of v Messiah, the eaviour and deliverer of Israel. It was the unanimous belief of the Jews, in accord ance with ancient prophecy, that the Messiah was to be preceeded by the miraculous appearance of the prophet Elijah. The Gospel proclaims a forerunner of Jesus, John the Baptist preaching in the desert, and declaring that the Kingdom of Heaven was near. The people in crowds visited this demonstrative preacucr of the wilderness, whose raiment was the skins of goats, and whose food was only locusts and wildhoney. They were eager to discover the signs f approaching deliverance, and were disposed to see iu him the herald of whom the prophets spoke. The Gospel writers unhesitatingly declared John the Baptist to be Elijah arisen from the dead. They de clared that in him the prophecy of Malachi was ful filled. But John the Baptist was far from accepting the role ascribed to him. The people who sur rounded him with mingled feelings of hope and perplexity interrogated him thus : " Who art' thou, art thou the Messiah ?" John replies and de clares that he. is not the Christ. They ask him again, 11 What then, art thou EUas?" and he saith " I am not." Again they ask him, " Art thou that prophet?" And he answers, " No," Now, as John the Baptist emphatically repudiated the title of herald, how was it possible then, that in the face of such declarations, the Jews could recognise in him , the prophet Elijah, who was to precede the Messiah ? j In addition to this, when John was imprisoned by ! the order of Herod, he heard of the miracles already j performed by Jesus, and he sent two of his disciples j asking him, " Art thou he that should come, or should we look for another Matthew it., I, 2, and 3\. Thus, John denied his own mission, and doubted j that of Jesus. Could it be expected that the Jesus i would evince, more credulity than he did himself ? ! Now let us come to the scene of the transfiguration, ; in which Jesus, accompanied by Peter, Jame3, ana : John, conducts them to the summit of a high moun- ; tain, where they suddenly behold him, hb counten- ; ance luminous as the sun, his person enveloped in a garment white as snow, in converse with Moses and ; the prophet Elijah. If we are to believe that Elijah j appeared then for the first time, how can it be ad- | mittcd that he bad previously revealed himself under the semblance of Jobu the Baptist ? According to the Gospel of Matthew, there were only three witnesses of this visitatioo who were disciples of Jesus, and He forbade them to-tell the vision to any man till after His death, " And as they come down from the mountain, Jesus charged them with saying, ' Tell the vision to no man until the Son of Man be risen again from the dead.1 " — Matt, xvii, 9, The Gospel informs ua that no one, with the excep tion of the apostles Peter, James, and John, saw this miraculous vision, and even they were commanded by Jesus to " tell the vision to no man." Consequently the Jews were entirely ienorant of the alleged ap pearance of Moses and Elijah. Hence the essential condition was wanting which was clearly to indicate the inauguration of the Messianic epoch. Let us now see whether the Christ revealed himself more clearly to the Hebrews than Elijah the prophet had done. All the miraculous circumstances connected with the life of Jesus Christ, and which constituted the most legendary portion of his life, were totally un known to the Jewish nation. They were unheard of in Judea until after the publication of the Gospels. No one among the Jews was aware of .the miraculous conception of Mary ; her reticence was such that she never even acquainted her husband. According to St. Matthew, Joseph, having discovered the condition of his wife before their marriage, and not desiring to bring her before the Sanhedrim, resolved to return ber to her parents ; but, happily, about this time ho had a dream, in which an angel said to him, "Fear not thou, Joseph, to receive Mary a3 thy wife, for the child which she bears is of the Holy Ghost." Matthew i., ID., 20— 23. Joseph appears to have been quite as reticent as his wife ; he did net reveal these extraordinary circumstances any more than Mary had done, No one among the Jews waa aware of this astounding conception. In fact, when Jesus having reached the age of manhood, began his wonderful orations and discourses, the Jew3 who heard and admired him— the people of his own dis- district — were constantly exclaiming, " Whence has he derived this wisdom ? Is be not the son of the carpeutcr? Is not his mother's name Mary? And are not his brothers named James, Joseph, Simon, and Judo " — Matthew Xlll,, 54 and 55. Now, if the men of Galilee had knowledge of the legends concerning his birth, how could they have felt surprised at these wonderful qualities, aud this great intellectual power in the Son of God ? At the period of the nativity, the Gospel relates that some shepherds were passing the night in a field, when suddenly appeared to them an angel of the Lord, and they were surrounded by a divine light? "and suddenly there waa with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host, praising God and Earing glory to God in the highest, aud on earth peace and goodwill towards men." — Luke ii.. I and 14.j(t5uch resplendent revelations accorded with the ancient traditions, and the simple faith of Israel, but these miracles granted to obscure and unknown shepherds were denied to the masses of the He brew people. We have another story related by Matthew, viz., the arrival of the Eastern Magi at Jerusalem. " Where is he that is bom King of the Jews," say the wise men. " for we have seen His star in the East and we have have come to worship Him." Herod, on hearing of this, summons the Magi to bis presence and bids them go down to Bethlehem and search for the young child, as he de cided to worship him. The Magi departea, preceded by tbe star which they had seen in the cast, till it came and stood over where the divine child was. Now, why waa this wonderful revelation of the tra velling star confined to these heathen Magi The Jews of Jerusalem and Bethlehem and the interme diate villages saw nothing of tbe phenomena. And what is more, the Magi never returned to Jerusalem, but "departed into their owncountry by another way." Jesus passed his childhood and yonth without the attention of hiB contemporaries being attracted by anything marvellous or extraordinary. He was cir cumcised on the eighth day after his birth. As first born, be was redeemed, and finally, he observed all tbe ordinances of the Jewish law. Joseph and Mary had several other children, sous and daughters, who are referred to more than once in the Gospel. Jesus was brought up amidst his brothers and sisters— in bis childhood he played with them, in his youth he waB educated with them. They worshipped together after the manner of ai Israel, and dwelt together with tbeir parentB after tbe same fashion as their neigh bours, the humble inhabitants of Galilee. Under sucb circumstances who could suspect that, within that simple family circle there lived an immaculate virgin, one remaining a virgin after maternity ? Who could bus- pect the presence of the Son of God Himself mira culously conceived and begotten in that lovely and graceful childj playing with his brothers, and incul cating from his pious parents respect for the Jewish lad, and for the first principles of religion, virtue, and morality ? Tbe Jews of the time of Jesus, anxious as they were to hail the advent of the Messiah, impatient ana watchful for every sign that could reveal his pre sence, would have bounded with joy and hope, could they have known the supernatural events which, according to his biographers, had marked the career of Christ, The Jews "asked liim for bread, and he gave them a stone," They continually importuned him to reveal himself to give them a sign of bis Meesinbship. Sometimes he replied in mystical par ables, at other times in scornful rebuke, yet thou sands of the people gathered round him, numbers believed in his mission, and with faith huug upon the eloquent words which he uttered. But the hour came. His ideas and his great designs had been long matured iu his soul. Prompted by Peter, be improved upon tbe title of Messiah, or pro phet, and declared himself to be the son of God- This was too much for the simple Monotheism of the Jews, Tbeir belief in tbe unity of God was, and is, indestructible. They recoiled iu horror from his teaching henceforth. From that hour the multitude of his followers forsook him. " What 3" exclaimed they— " this man whom we have known and seen from infancy upwards, this son of Joseph and Mary, proclaiming himself as the son of tbe Great Eternal I" The melancholy sequel is to be found iu history ; I need not repeat it here. That a great crime was committed in the immolation of Jesus of Nazareth I will not attempt to deny. That it was impossible for the Jews to accept liim a9 the Mes siah predicted bv tbe prophets, bis own words give ample proof. He tells them, "as a hen gatbereth her chickens, I would have gathered them, but they would not." Would not 1 If he had been the Christ —God's anointed messenger, sent by Him in re demption of His promises to Israel of old, is it possible to believe that the Jews could have re sisted Him? But they did not resist Him; they were only too anxious that He should reveal himself to them, but He " would not," Again, "Upon you (says Jesus to tbe Jews) shall come all the righteous blood that has been shed upon the earth, from the blood of Abel the righteous to the blood of Zechariab," Ac. Now herein is a marvellous thing ! How could a man, really sent from God, assert to the Jews that of them should be required the blood of Abe), and of all the righteous slain upon the i earth? Did the Jews kill Abel, or did their fathers kill him ? No 3 be was slain by Cain, whoBe pos terity nil pcriBhed in the deluge. How then could God require of the Jews— who lived 4000 years after the murder — the guilt of it. Nay, more, "of all the righteous blood that bad been sbed upon the earth." Terrible accusation !— but groundless aud unjust, Jesus claimed to be tbe Messiah of the Jews fore told by their prophets, It is requisite that that claim should bo made out ; and It is reasonable in itself and unjUBt to Him, and necessary to all those who will not take their religion upon trust, that He should be tried, by examining whether the claim can be made out or not, The argument from prophecy becomes necessary to establish the claim of the Gospel ; and as truth is consistent with itself, so this claim must be true, or it destroys all others. What notions of common morality must he have who declares that be comes from God, and that the Scriptures testify of him, if neither Moses nor the prophets ever spoke a word about him ? To the prophets,, therefore, -let us appeal, and let them decide the question whether or not Jesus of Nazareth was the Messiah predicted by them as God's messenger to the Jews. Tbe first characteristic of the Messiah. was accord ing to the prophets, that he waa to be " the Prince of Peace," in whose times righteousness was to flourish and mankind to be -made happy, that be was to sit upon tbe throne of David judging right, and that to lum and their own land waB Israel to be gathered, and all nations were to obey him and worship one God, even Jehovah. The Gospel tells us that Jesus asserted that bis kingdom " was not of this world." Instead of effecting peace among the nations, he said, Think not that I arn come to send peace the earth ; I have come to send a sword ; I Utty <»c to put division between a 9on and his father, tne mother and the daughter, the daughter-in-law aud her mother-iu- law." Think ye," said he to his disciples, "that I have come to put peace ou earth ? I tell you nay, but rather division." Again, "I have come to put fire on the earth." These are not the charac teristics of the Messiah of the prophets of the Old Testament. For of him Zechariah (ch. ix.) says that " He shall speak peace to the nations and of Him Ieaiau says, " Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more." And so, far from being the author of division, sword, and fire, according to Malachi, in the times of the Messiah "the heart of the parent was to be converted to the children, and the heart of the chil dren to their parents." In tbe times of the Messiah, wars were to cease righteousness was to flourish, and mankind be made, happy. Whether this has yet tatcen place the ex perience of 10 centuries, and tbe present state of the world, can enable everyone to determine for himself. In the times of the Messiah Israel was to be gathered, and planted in their own land, in honour and prosperity. But not many years after the death of Jesus of Nazareth the Jewish nation underwent the most dreadful calamities. And to this very hour, so far are they from being gathered, they are scat tered to the four quarters of the globe. Instead of being in honour and prosperity their history since his time is one dreadful record of unparalleled suffer ings, written in letters of blood by the hands of murder, rapine, and cruelty. The prophets, of one accord, say that the true Messiah was to be called David, and he was to reign at Jerusalem, on the throne of David. But the name of Jesus is not the same as David, and Christians have assigned him n spiritual kingdom, and a throne in heaven. But was the throne of David in heaven ? No ! It was in Jerusalem, and no more inheaven than that of the Czars. Finally, it appears from the prophecies of Hosea, Micab, Jeremiah, Isaiah, and Ezekiel, that the manifestation of their Messiah was to be contempor aneous with the restoration of Israel, and from the quotations adduced from the three first mentioned prophets, it should seem that bis birth was not to take place many years befote that glorious event. But Jesus of Nazareth was born about 2000 years ago; and the Jews yet continue to expect a deliverer. And to conclude, it was foretold by Malachi. and believed by'.the Jews then, and ever since, that Elijah tbe prophet who did not die, but was removed from the earth, should precede the coming of the Messiah and prepare them for his reception. But the prophet Eliiah had most certainly not yet aDpeared ! Let me add in conclusion that no'tbing appears to be more dissimilar than the character of the Messiah, as rendered by the Hebrew prophets, and that of Jesus of Nazareth. It seems scarcely credible that a man, who, thohgh amiable to a degree, and virtuous in the extreme, yet lived in a low state, was poor, living upon alms, without wealth, without oowcr ; and who (by the refinement of cruelty, aud through misfor tune) died the death of a malefactor, crucified between two robber9— should ever have been taken for that mighty prince, that universal potentate, " the Prince of Peace" — the benefactor of the whole human race— foretold in the splendid language of the prophets of the Old Testament. August 2D.) 