LIP0GRAMM&.TIC FETTEROGRAPHS. Our leaders were invited to furnish for publication fetterographs not exceeding twelve lines each upon any subject beginning with N, and with the letter M entirely excluded. We publish the folio wing this . , NOTHING, 'tis said, can spring from nothing; what Is nothing then tbe ghost of what is not? Nor ponderous nor tangible, a string Of shallow thoughts of vacant skulls, that wing Their flight to nowhere, aad returning thence Well laden for us all. at no expense— A visionary pocket full of cash, Or scraps of stuff for literary hash (And this is one) like Shakspeare's stolen purse, A worthless nothing; or what still is worse— A purse full up with i:!i[,ai.l bills, and where No change is found to puy a cabby's fare. KARNAC. No, Fred; I do not love Clarissa Brand, I've walked with her, I've talked with her, I think that once I kissed her lily hand— I own tbat I have often in tbe dance Auored her face, Her faultless grace; But, dash it, she has lately gone to France Who cares for that. Not I, by jingo, no - I : d let he r go ' To Jericho, Nor care a rap when she returned. I. O, No longer weep, but dry thy tears • Know aJi thui B3 are ordained by heaven. Tlunk of thy faults through all these yeare. And grateful be for blessings given. Repine not, for 'tis wrong to fret • Let all thy hours be wisely spent. T a £ e ™ urage ' and you soon will get Both love and peace if you repent. T b » e fl ,°r ers aI1 love the gentle light. And turn their petals to the sun. We all should follow what is richt, And grateful pray "Thy will be done." B. S. S. NIGHT drew the curtains of her eboiU.hrone Around her ; all was silent as tlie grave. I btood upon the dreary plain alone With ti,i-.J,u-;> T heart." Then kneeling on a stone, in.-. * • t adored," I cried, " O save ";.il.:ve v- :.>- i^st bis way." N >'i'!:li >.i can. • - • . i : . ought repose. I slept; DislV hM *a-h -Mi: i;:-:t loving friends who wept, All bright ^r,-. vision till the day, " " " " .: iful, dispelled the night. Then helji i.r.u at hand. The cheering sight Assurance i/rou^iit that "all that is, is right." COSMOPOLITAN. Printed and Published dally by ROBERT Kwem THOMAS at the Offices of the South Australian Jicjn;.ter, Evening Journal, and Adelaide Obieroer Grenfell-street, Adelaide, where advertisements orders, and lynfupimtratinm m received 