TO TnK editor of THE sydney DAILY TELEG RAMI. Sir, — As a lover of fair play, I appeal to the public, the Legislature, and the Government to disregard the rabid art censure vented upon tho unfinished bas- reliefs on the fnqade of the PiU-?treet front of the Post Office. Many lovers of modern art consider the premature attack has degraded the editorial columns of the Tc/to, as it has, 111 a lesser degree, the corres ponding portion of the Sydney Jloni hi// //cr«6/. It is an old and very true saying that children— and seme folks not to be mentioned to ears polite — should never Fee unfinished work. What a pity that Signor Sani, the sculptor, had not been boarded in from the public gaze at the Post Office VUlkli iita HJMllLCU 2I.UI jUlC.3, njjnuauunuj, i>mw building and some of the leading classes using it," were completed, and until the surface of the freshly carved stone had been toned down by exposure to the weather. Then justice and merit could have been impartially awarded alike to the sculptor and the architect. Some of us remember what a clatter of fault-finding there was during tho building of the Garden Paiace,. as we all do the unanimous feeling of regret at its untimely destruc tion. Now we have not a clatter, but a savage out burst against the introduction of the new school in decorative art that nihilistically proposes blowiug up with dynamite, or obliterating witb that iconoclastic weapon, the sledge-hammer. The Hon. Mr Darley, a trifle less sanguinary, but equally aa dc3trnctive, mildly suggests "cutting out." Regarding the wholesale cutting up, it may be highly amusing for some old- school fossils to read in your morning contemporary's little pilot-fish, Eehot so much realistic horror blown off with such fervid Press oppression upon the devoted bead of onr earnest art-promoting Colonial Architect. But this is no new matter. Tho architect of that noble pile, the Now Palace at West minster (Houses of Lords and Commons) — the late Sir Charles Barry— had for a series of years to endure the same obloquy. The 44 restless members" of the community could not wait— inst a3 some of our email folks are doing now. I remember Sir Charles Barry, the much-worried architect in ques tion, remarking after some similar fault-finding 1 savagery, that 4 an architect occupies a most un enviable position ; his work is torn to pieces adversely as it daily progresses, whereas the writer or the 1 painter escapes hostile criticism until liis works are finished." — Yours, FAIR PLAY. Sir,— The Post Office carvings, or sculptures, are objects of disapproval and condemnation in the liko manner to the introduction of all improvements, scientific or educational. If the sculptures are declared so bad as works of art as to justify their removal, let it be done ; but if they are fair works of art, in which tho writer sees considerable merit, they arc exactly that clas3 of educational art most needed by the larrikin type of Australia, and the outcry against the sculptures arises from people whose ideas and knowledge of art arc limited by the sight of a few Euglish or colonial cities. , . Any one living in the fear of the law courts (of Flagel) iu the colonies dare not freely criticise city architecture, but as a few remarks on some of the public buildings may not come within this power, j, will make them, The Town Hall is built on the old Sydney burial ground. This sacrilege is shown by tho tombstones and mortuarv masonry arranged as ornaments and fiuals around the building; and, in justice to the deceased, their names, ages, dates, and epitaphs 6hould be cat on this stonework to completely carry out tho design. This site was dedicated to the dead, and their bones should not have been disturbed, for the foundations are found to bo as rotten as the coffins. This Bbould be taken as an awful warning to our civic fathers not to spend more money on sa crilege, or ghosts in the form of statues will arise instead of tombstone-, and, as cenotaphs, look down with ghostly eyes on the astute citizeus. # All architectural designs employed in buildings used for dealing in deaths should bo of a serious cha- 1 racter. To carry out this idea one of them has its door columns half buried, above a cheval de /rise of stone points, which, as the street is on an incline, their different heights wonld suit everyone's oye when walking close to its basement. The summit of this building, when seen from tho opposite street in the western sunset, impresses the mind with a solemnity and an appropriateness of effect most extraordinary, as every pinnacle has tho true outline of an ostrich funeral plnmc ; so that of a huge hearse is the nppcaranco of the top of the building, at this point of viewing, a most happy architectural effect for such a society as the A.M.P.S, The fitness of tho design of a building to corres pond with its use, ia the crcat want of our city architecture ; good stone, workmanship, and carving is mistaken for good architecture, because these threo items make a front look well to tne ignorant that is totally devoid of all true design or architectural knowledge of proportion or construction. To illustrate my statements by the most obvious examples I dare not, but in tho same way that the most ignorant man tries to improve his language by tlm number of fine words that he uses, bo the buildings in the city that have the most redundant ornament are the poorest in design. The least ornamented buildings of their class are the Government buildinge, Briuge-streot. Tho grand stone surfaces are quite a relief to tho eye compared to the large fronts frittered away with Ismail openings of different shapes and covered with unmeaning carvings. The effective statues in tho niches oppo site the Treasury aro works of art on which money is far better Bpent than upon ornaments that take away from tho design its architectural merit, by making it merely a face to carry carving upon, instead of it being Bubservent to tho design. The great names and authorities given by Mr W. B. Dalle in the Legislative Council aro sufficient prece dent, ancient and modern, to sanction the introduc tion of such art, if there aro artists to produce it here ; and anything that will improve the taste of the colony beyond tho atone notching supplied by tho DYUney arcmtcciB, ia appiccuueu uy a iu>ci ui uic.— Yours, A-c., NOT AltOUITJGOT. 