THE OLD WOMAN OI? THE SEA. (From tho 'CornhillMagnzino.') ' Neauly every man, I should think, must sometimes fool in doubt as to wborhor he has not ordered the courao of his Iifo after an alto gether erronoous fashion ; und if he ho, as I am, an old bachelor, I hardly soo how ho is to oaaipo Buch occasional misgivings. A night — a Bound— a scont, anddonly takes us buck to thoso half ?forcottou days when we wore young ; wo call to mind what once was ; we reahio what might bo now, had not this, that, and ths othor thing ocourred, and wo find ourselves muttering under our breath, ' Ah, dear me ! what a mistake it has all boon, to he sure 1' T believe, indeed, that it whs only tho livoly Blraiucof tho Hungarian band which provented the3o very words from being heard to fall from my lipa as I rtood in tho doorway of a London ball-room, and watched Alice Wynne dancing with young Charles Staploton, to whom her ong-igcmcnt had been announced a few days beforo. It so happoned that I myself had often danced in that vory 'same house, I won't say lmw niaTiv veara aeo. when its preecnt owners worn in the nursery, . when hoads which me^ bnldand grey now wore as curly as Charles Staploton's, and when a host of dead peoplo wero ulive and merry j and standing there un noticed, as dogs who 'have had their day muBt expect to ho, I lost sight for a minute or two of' the modern young men -vnd women who were gyriting boforo mo, and beheld the long room thronged with ghosle, among whom one special ghost may perhaps havo been more prominent than tho roat. I say one can't avoid these memories and rogrots. They como upon ono when one least expects it, ond make ona foel moBt confoundodly foolish and uneasy. As a general thing I am pretty well contoiited with my manner of oxiatoncc, such as it is ; but whon one is an old min and a rich man, and whon ono sees Tom, Dick, and -*any with their Bons and daughters about them, and thoir hou3ra full of friends, and with a hundred interests in life not directly connected witii thoir own persons, coliba-y does somehow prn Bent itself to one in the light of n defianco of obvious duty and destiny. Why I have uover married is a question which concerns no onu except myself i but I own that I hnvo somo tiracs doubted whether my reason was a suffi cient ono, and whethor I should nob huve done bettor to take a wife— any wife. Dr. Johnson thought that if all marriugos woro arranged by tho Lord Ohancollor the result, woald^ bo quite us satisfactory as that obtained from tho ordinary English molhod, and I am not pre pared to say that that unromantie philosopher was wholly in the wrong. Thoro is no denying that matches of affection frequently turn out badly, while matches o£ convenience frequently turn out well. Ono can't have everything i i this give-and-tako world, and tho sight oi two young people unmistaimuiy m iu»o mwi uuvh other, yot brought togothor by thoir elders from motives of the purest worldlinoas, is us rare a one ub it is delightful to witcoss. So I leant against tho doorway, absorbed in musings with which itapleton and Miss Wynne wore only in purt connected, until a brisk voice at my elbow cried, ' A penny for your thoughts, General lUvors ! Do you know that you are looking quite sentimental ?' ; 'I was looking at your daughter and Lord Charles, Mm. Wynne,' I said; for it was thn mother of the bride-elect who had addroased mo. ' Ah, dear child !' sho sighed, ' it is such a happiness to mo to see her happy j and I kcow you rcjoioo with ua. But this makes us soem. terribly old, doesn't il?' ' Wall, you know, we are ratherold,' I replied bluctly ; and I don't think sho quitfi liked it. The truth ii that Mr*. Wynno is a contem porary of my own, or thorenbauls ; but I am bound to confess that sho loois a good twonty yenra youngor. I glanced at her after I had made this uncivil remark, and I could not help admiring tho marvellous perfection of her make-up. Her faoe was painted, ond bo were her delicately-traced eye-brows ; but the work betrayed Iho touch of a finished artist. Tho brown hair which clustered in Httlo curls all over her head and cnmo down low upon her forehead was a wig most likely, though it loosed uncommonly natural j but how on earlh had sho aehiovud those youthful shoulders and urnia ? She woro a low dress — in fact, a vory low dross — and I doolF.ro that tho charms which sho dieplayod might havu been thoso of a woman ot five and-twonty. I was privileged to behold a set of beautifully regular and poarlv teeth (false anea, I suppose) when she smiled upon ma and murmured : \- But not too old to be a little sentimental sometimes, eh, General ?' ' Un, 1 snail naro occasional nis or sencimen tality up to my dying day, I oxpoet. It's tho weather — or the gout coming on j it doesn't moan anything,' I iwturned hastily ; for some thing in the woman's look and manner affected mo with a vague feoling of alarm. But shs said : ' Ah ! don't lot ub ba ashamed of having hearts and memories. Tho world mikes us all hard, whether we will or no, but wo neoi ndt boast of it. Come and ait down in the next room, General Bivers, and we will be sentimental together for a quarter of an hour.' I saw no reason why we shouldn't. We re tired i'to a nmoll, dimly-lighted boudoir nd joining the bill-room, and talked Tery plea santly about bygono days for moro than the allotted quarter of an hour. She made a good deal of protonoo of being youngor than I was; aho affoctcd ignoranco of events which aho could not roally have forgotten and of persons with whom I myself had aeon her ilirting iu the consulship of Plancua ; but oho so'ined to bo intero3tod in what I said, and showed moro power of participating in my molancholy mood than I should have given her credit for. I have always admitted that Mrs. Wynno can be a very ugroeublr woman when she likoo. Thfl worst of me is that I am so easily imposed upon. Of courao I knew that this shocking old sham was likely to bo as fulso in hor sontiment as sho was in her poison j yet when she apoke affectionately of tho daughter whom Bha was about to lose, turning ona sort of tremolo stop iaher voico as sho did bo — when she appealed to mo to say what she was to do with her life after its ebiof interest had been removed — and when she al luded with a Bigh to tho trials and sorrows which bIio had passed through and lived down — I wob touohed. I Baid to myBelf that ono does not noceaaarily beoome a hardened roprobato beciuso ono is a. littlo worldly. As far as that went, wasi't I also a little worldly ? I thought I could enter into poor Mrs. Wynne's natural feeling of loneliness, and I was nahamod of the half sui picion Whioh had entored my mind for a moment that sho might bo sotting her cap— or rathor her curly wig— at me. Not, to bo sure, that thoro would have been anything very extraordinary in it if she liad, ?eeing thut, many years boforo, she had married a man considerably older than I am now. That waB her second matrimonial vonturo —her firat husband, a dashing young husaav, having broken his neck stsoplechasing, I forget whpro Old Wynne died very soon after his little girl's birth, which wus on unluoky thing far sams1 peoplo. His ostatoB pasaed to Ins nephow, to' Bpite whom ho had nmrriod, and his widow was! left but scantily provided for. I -funoy that sho must havo found it a hard matter to keep hor head above wator, living in the way that sho did; but Bho managed it somehow, and nover allowed herself to drop out of socioty. Whon Alice was old enough to como out, the two ladioa wont to the first drawing room of tho soason together ; and I thiuk it was then that Mrs. Wynne assumed that surprisingly youth ful aspect which caused her, when seen from a a sufficient distauoo; to look liko ^er. daughter's younger sister. ? No' doubt bIio had to swallow some snubs and alights s for sho was an impoyejshod woman who was bound to Hvo likd a moderatily rioh one, under penalty of being forgotten, and w» sll Itno w how littlo meroy is shown by tho world to these who deliberately plico thcmsolvoa in falao poBitioua Nevertheless, Bho did not suffer horself to bo discouraged, and now bIio hod reaped the ro ward of her labotra Sho had scoured a hus band for hor daughter who waa not only the youngor son of a duki1, but was far better off than youngor sons gonorally aro, some member of his mother's family having left him a hand some property. I felt a genuine satisfaction at her euccois ; for ono likoa to boo pluck recompensed, and he aidea, 1 hud known Mra. Wynno all my life, though I can't aay that wo had ovor been ox — i.i__x-:«» a*. ? a f tn-n H,nh nrnninir...dt .tha.ba however, she was pleaeed to treat mo quite liko ei friend — an intimate friend, indoed. Wo nover met anywhere that she did not drag mo off into ii cornor to whiBper aomo confidential picco of information about Alice's approaching nup tials, or to conault me aa to aomo point connected with settlements, although ono would havo supposed that sho might havo obtained from her solicitor all tho advice that aho needed upon -sueh subject!). And then sho w-:s always sen'ling mo littlo unneccssiry notos, till at last I grow positively to loatho tho fight of the huff-coloured onvelope* which she u^ed, and Wilaon, my man, smiled demurely when ho hondod them to mo. Now, if there is ono thing that I dinliko moro than another, it is being laughed at by Wilaon ; and. what was perhaps ovon moro disagreeable was that tho mon at tho club begun to chaff mo, my old friond Contagion in particular being exquisitely facetious, inquiring whether tho 'double ovont was to come off on the same day, and so forth. I was obligod to tell him at length that that kind of tliiug, bemdes being utterly witloss, was offensive to ino ; to whioh ho ropliod that lm n»Jr rlid it. out of kindness. ' My good fellow, you oan't take cara of yourself,' ho bail!, 'and if somebody didn't catoh hold of your coat-tails jou'd ba swallowed up beforo you know whore you wero. Our friend Mrs. Wynne is a good deal clovorcrthan you nro, I can tell you.' ' Voi-y likely,' I roturned ; ' I never said sho wasn't.' 'Yes; and she's a fascinating woman too, in her way.' 1 1 don't find her so,' I eaidj 'but I suppose you do, for you ore alwayB talking to hor. Per haps you would like to marry her yourself. If bo, pray don't let mo stand in your way.' Cnninglon shook his head with a wise smile. 1 I'm too' old iv bird,.' he anBwsrod ; 'and ah? knows that well enough. Sho won't waste time in trjiogto drop e;ilt on my tail. She knows I, recollect hor, ages nnd ogea ago, as an old thing with grey hair und falso teath thnt waggled at you when nho talked. £ho gooB in for being a sort of Ninen de l'Jnclos now; but that won't do with mo, you know.* As far ii3 that; went, it wouldn't do with me either; and, though I did not remember to have son Mrs. Wynno in tho stago doccribod, I was sure that, whether she had designs upon mo or not, I should nover fall a victim to hor borrowed charms. Still I did feel that it would be a comfort whon tho wedding was over and the excuse for all these interviews and notes removed. To add to my discomfort, tho Udies of my acquaintance began with one consent to. givo mo friendly warningo ; and then, only a ? week boforo tho day appointed for tie cere mony, a very annoying thing took pluce. ?My dear O-eueral,' Mra. Wynno said one momine, squeezing my hand affectionatelj (ehe had t:il:c-u to squeezing my hand by this time), ' I want you to do me a great kindness. I wunt you to give dear Alice away.' c I ? — givo your daughter away ?' I oiaoulatod aghast. ' Well, \ipon my word, I don t think I am quite tho right person ? ' ?aIi, don't refme!' »he broke in. 'lam suro you won't rof uso ! You know Bho has literally no near relations, poor child, and James Wynne, who was to havo represented tho family, jb laid -up with ohicken-pox and: can't come. Unless yon will help me out of tho difficulty, I don't seo who thero is to apply to except the vergar.' ' Couldn't you put it off until James Wynno is bettor ? ' 1 suggested. 'Oh dear no! Quito impossible 1 It might bo weeks onri weeks. Some people take an eternity to get over the measles, .und — ' ' Jfou said it ' was chickon-pox,' just now,' I interrupted suspiciously. ' Oh, well, it doesn't matter what it is,' she returned. 'You couldn't oxpect him to como into church all over spots and scattor infec tion among a hundrod and ilf ty people, could vou ?' ' I suppose not,' I agreed. It really was a vary cool request to make, and no doubt Conington and other resolute poreons would have roiujo'l point-blank; but I never can bring myself to ba rudo to psoplo. unless I am goaded into absolute fury, bo 1 ondod by yiold ing n reluctant consent. I performed tho duty requirod of me when' the festive day came, feoling perfectly wretched the whole time, and not daring to look at any body ; and it waa only whon the rite wue ovor ur-d' wo wero assembled rnund tho brrakfust tabl« that I recognised Jamos Wynne nmong the company, looking as well find ns hearty ns I h-id evi-r seen. him in my Iifo. This wan too much. I made my oscane as soon as possible, only darting oco glanca.of bitter rsproich at that 9applr'r.i of a woman, and early tho noxt day I left town and lied into Dorsetshire to stay with some cousins of mine who had asked mo, vory opportunely, to pay them a vinit I did think I should havo been safe there, with tho London season only just over, and evorybody hastening to Goodwood, whoro I rather wanted to have gone mjBolf ; but no Buoh thing! I hadn't been, two day» in the houso when Mra. Wynne arrived, looking more juvonilo ana blooming Mian ovor ; ana j. rouna out afterwords that aho had actually asked her self down ; my poor couains, who know nothing of what hud takun piaco in London, welcoming ' her wi'h the utmost cordhlity. Ah, how dif ferontly would they have behaved had they guessed the predatory iutontions of thoir visi tor with regard to ono whose worldly goodB may not improbably be divided among them somo day I Mrs. Wynno could not, of course, bluBh, hor natural skin boing for over hidden from mortal eye ; and, morally apeaking, 1 should say that sho had the hide of a rhinoceros. Sho did not appear to be in tho loast ashamed of having compromised me in the eyes of all my friends by that unspeakably ahabby trick of hera, and I felt that no words of miao would bo likoly to produce any impression upon such brazen effrontery. I therefore maintained au altitudo of cold reserve, only taking good care not to bo left alone with her for a single inomont. But I need hardly aay that aho broke down my deforce with the greatest case a* soon as bIio thought fit to do so. 8ho waylaid ma on the staircase, as I was making for tho smoking room, ou the second ovoning after hor arrival, and, touchinp; mo gently on the arm, 'You are angry with me,' said sho, in a tone of soft remonstrance. ' What have I doao to offend you? ' ' I am not offended, Mra. Wynne,' I ropliod ; ' but, since you ask me, I will confess that I am annoyed at your having thought it necos say ti toll ino a — what shall I «aj ? — about James Wynno.' 'But I didn't toll you a what ahall-you-say,' ehe rejoined, laughing, 'He roally had some thing tho niattor with him. It turned out to bo ' only a cold in the hood ^Btill it might quito well have prevented him from coming. And I was notatuli sorry for the mistako. I don't liko James -wo have never got on togethor— and it was much pie asontor to mo to soo an old friond like yburaolf standing wore you did. I think you ought to be Ihttorod,' she added, with a killiug sinilo. 'I am not flattered,' I r.ipliod gloomily j for I thought it beat to be explicit. ' I don't liko to bo made conspicuous iu that uncalled for way.' ' Oh, how rudo you are !' she oxclaimed, laughing, and rapping me on the knuckles with hor fan. ' I shall not speak to you again until you have found your manners.' And Bho turned and ran up tho stairs with the buoyant step of careless girlhood. -I his waa all very wollj and if, by dint of bad ronnnord, I oould havo persuaded hor to carry out her threat of not speaking to mo any more, ' mannerless I should have remained. But aho didn't oarry out her threat. Far from it I On the contrary, shi spoko to me a great deal ; .and tho things that sho said woro bo Btuitling that I hardly knew whioh way to look when sho uttered them, whilo my couaini, who hud begun by boing uinusod at her, onded by becoming indignant. Any ono, to hear hor talk, would havo supposed thut I hod almost lived in her houso iu London — that little May fair house which she hadrontod for somo years pust, and which she now announced that she intmdud, by my advice, l-« quit. ' Oortninly I Bhould find it dreary work to go on living all by myself whoro I havo been so hw-py with my poor liltlo girl,' she said; 'I daro say it is bettor that I should mako a ohango. Whoro I shall go or what I shall do I can't think ; but my dear, kind old*friond' (it wai thus that sho wttB pleased to dosignato the reader's humblo sorvant) ' has promised to find mo a homo Romewhnro hoforo lone.' ? Now it was true that, whilo in London, Bho had told mo thataho contemplated a chango of quarters, and had beggori mo to let her know if 1 heard of anything that sounded suitable ; but tho imprcBsion conveyed by hor words was aomothinp very different from this, and my cousins not unnaturally concluded that I either mount to miirry Mrs. Wynne, or that I had boon trifling with hor affections. Of theso two alternatives tho latter would no doubt havo boon tho more agreeable to them ; but in either caso thoy would havo folt justified in regarding mo with that pity which is not akin to love, and thoy showed' in tho plainest manner that they did bo regard me. All these thing* boing bo, thore was nothing for it but a second and c longer flight. My vacht waj wnitiDs for mo at Portsmouth. X dbtormiued to go on board at once and aa.il for Norway as toon as I could poasibl/ got off. I did not want to do this. 1 am not much of a fiahorman ;i and besidcB, there iB very littlo salmon fishing to be obtained by tho casual traveller in Norway nowadays. Moreover, I havo reached that time of Iifo when a man likes to do tho nine thing yoM alter year. It throws mo out, and givos mo an uneasy, fidgety feeling of having forgotten something, if I am not at Oowesfor tho Squdron regatta, at Wey mouth, Dartmouth, nnd Torquay shortly after wards, and in Scotland by tho beginning of Septomber. But it was not a caso for consult ing one's inclinations. 1 telegraphed to two or three men to join me, and left precipitately, allowing it to bo inferred that I was bounrl for no moro distant waters than thoso of tho Holcnt. The truth of the matter was that that shame less and unscrupulous woman had taken on accurate measure of my character and hoJ found out my wosk points. Sho know — at least I i-UDnoao she did— that blandishments would hovn no sort of effect upon me ; but doubtless she also know that thoro was scurcoly any foolish thing that I would not do, rather than have a diaturbanco. Her tactics were obvious. She intended to make me compromise mysolf and her befaro witnesses anil then throw horself upon my generosity, or my faebloness, whiohover it ought to bo called ; and if I had not happened to be fully al've to this danger, it ia quite upon the cards that eho might havo succeeded. As it was, I got three friends to accompany me and sailed for Stavanger boforo the end of tho week. When I had placed the tumbling wavea of the North Sea between me and my dread ful old woman, I breathed more freely, and my temper, which I was told hat been rathor short during tho passage, ro covered its wonted sweetness. 1 felt that. I had been delivered from a great and imminent peril. Peoplo who sneer at panics of thiB kind, and aay that a woman can't marry a man against his will, and so forth, =imp'.y don't know what they are talking about. I maintaiu that thoro aro occasions upon which it behoves the bravest of men to run away. We spent a very pleasant three weeks in dawdling about the weBt coast of Norway. It was a little late iu the year, but tho woaiher, for onco ina way, wos propitious, and the magnifi cent fjords, which are so often shrouded iu rnin and mist, showed thomaelvcs to us, day after day, in unclouded grandour. My frienos were kind enough not to bo too exacting. I could nob put them in the way of getting any sport ; but they said the scenery and the sunshino would do inetead, and professed thomselvos satisfied with an occasional drive up unfre quented valleys or a climb to tho glaciers which overhang tho Hardanger 'Fjord and its branches. Ono ovoning we had all gone ashore at Eido, and were strolling along and gizing at Iho sunset, whon a string of cariolos was seen approaching us, in tho foremost of which waa seated a lady whom my oompauionB at once pronounced to bo an Englishwoman. They further romarked that she was au uncommonly weil turned-out ono, too. As for mo, 1 sum never a word ; but my heart became ts wator within me. All, me! that trim figure, that bottle-green Newmarket, that bUlyocok hat, those neat little boots which rested ia tho stir rups of the cariolo— had I not recognised them from afar ? Oh, my prophetic coul ! — my old woman ! Bho waa grasping my hand boforo I know whoro I was. Who would have thought of meotinp mo in Norway ? This was really de lightful ! She had been so much, pressed to como ovor by her friends tho Somebodys (I don't remember their naino — they must havo boon strange peoplo) that ut last sho hud con oentod ; aud now uho was so gUd sho had coma ! She added, with ono of those finger-BqueezeB which always made mu f eel hot and cold all ovor. ' How horrid of you to run away liko th*t ! And never oven to toll mo where you y-m-*i% (rninrrl' ' It aeems that you found out, though,' Slid I, too much perturbed to observe tho docont reticences of polito lociety. Bho looked at mo with an innocent wonder in thoao artistically enlarged oyes of hera. 'Well, yes ; I hwo found you,' Bho onswered ; ' but that is no thanks to you. I hope you aro glad to be found. Now wo must make some pleasant excursions togothor. I hear that thero iB a great deal to bo Boon in this neigh bourhood.' 'Oh, yes wo'll make somo pleasant excursions together, and wo'll see tho neighbourhood,' I eohoed grimly. ' Does tho schoonor yacht lying alongside of us belong to your friends P She said it did, and I rememberod having ex amined the vessel and having noticed that sho had no auxiliary sto&in.; A strong wind was blowing Btraight up the fjord too, and likoly to hold— como! thoro was balm in Gileod after all. [To he continued.) A Sound Sibbpeb. — A remarkoblo eacape from a violent and shocking death is reported by tho Philadelphia Secord : — ' Tho engineer of the train which roaches this city from Norris toirn at 11 o'clock at nigV.t has had a thrilling oxporienco. Hia train left Nbrristovn with overy prospect of reaching Ninth and Green street station in time, and without incident worth mention. Tho train was rushing on at tho rate of about 30 miles an hour, and was within half a milo ot Conehohocken, when the watchful ongineor was horrified at Booing a man lying within a hundred yarda ohood of his ongino, and with Mb hoad apparently on tho raU Tho air-brakes woro pur, down, tho en gine rovorsid, and every affort mado to Bt'*p the train boforo tho wheels reached tho man's head. It was too lato. On tho ongine ruBhod — on u hundrod jardf boforo tho train could bo . stopped. Whon it came to a standstill tho conductor, engineer, and a numbor of p.iBsen gors went back to pick up the mangled remains of tho unfortunate victim. Imagine thoir surprite upon discovering that tho man was neither dead nor manglfd, but Bleep ing quiotly alongaido tho trnei, not at all ditturbed by tho racket which had been recently made by tho passing train. Hib head waa on o tie not moro than 2 in. from the rail, and the wheels of tho train must havo paaaed ovor it within lees than that distance His body was etrotchtd along Iho slccporB just outside the rail. Tho conductor woko him up roughly, and asked him what ho moant by thus oourting such a horrible death. ' I don't want nothing but a littlo nap,' s lid ho, ' and I don't soo why a fellor oan't go to Bleep out in Iho air in the country without getting hauled about like ho was a thief.' When the danger of his position was pointed out to him ho only said — 1 Well, I gueso 1 had belter get out a littlo f urthor.' He waa finally driven off, and warned not to attempt sueh a nap again. Ho wont off grumbling, and not at all grateful. Knginoor Ober BayB he never saw Buoh a mon. 'I believo,' said ho, ' that that follow could havo slept on top of ono of the volcanoes of Java during an earthquake' ' There's ronBon in the roasting of eggs. Somo minds seo reasons for every action in life with most enviable readiness. A conversation was overheard tho othor day between two of the horny-handed sons of toil. Soya ono to tho other 'This 'ore typhoid fever abord a immigrant Bhip ia a dashed shame, mind ytr. Whure waa tbo'olth orficor, I'd like to know?' ''filth officer 1' roplicd tho other. ' Why, what o mullock you ore to bo sure. Don't you know why they done it (with an air of oonviction) ? Becauso thoy've boon bringing doctors over 'olesiilo, and thoy'ro bound to find work for 'om.' Tho 'thoy' hero would appear to rofor to Providonco or Bomo Queonslund Grovornmont departments,—' Town Talk ' in The WeeJc. 