Hanlan and Laycoc&. TO THE EDITOR Or THE SYDNEV MAIL, Sir, — Although poor Laycocfc is now lying on a sick bed and quite /tors de combat, please allow me space to say a few words in reply to Mr. John J. Calvert's letter in your issue of Saturday last. In the first place, Trickett' s friends had such an un bounded opinion of him — why, I never could make out — that they firmly belioved to beat Hanlan would be no greater exertion to him than, to use a very ordinary phrase, falling off a log. Even when Trickett and Laycock were in England and could see the Canadian champion at his daily wore, even tnen were tney so Diina or perverse as to stui hold the opinion that with Trickett Hanlan would have not the ghost of a show. In the second place, if their own accounts arc to be believed, both Trickett and Laycock enjoyed splendid health during their stay in England. They were eating like horses, doing any amount of work, and generally in grand form. Laycock' s victories at any rate prove to me that the foggy atmosphere did not affect him. In the third place I do not see, because Trickett chose to waive his right of compelling aspirants to come to wrest the title of champion of the world from him on his own water, that therefore Hanlan, or any future holder of the title, should be made to do the same. A crack rower going to England or America from here, if he loses one race, has plenty of opportunities of recouping in other races ; buta champion rowist coming out here from the old country and failing to win the match he came to pull would have mighty little chance of getting another match on. If Hanlan did come out to row on the Parramatta, I can quite understand that, in a monetary point of view, it would be a paying concern for the supporters of our representative whether he won or lost. On the other hand, should Hanlan lose — and we are all liable to accidents —would he get another match on ¥ Not likely. For my part I should very much like to see the little Canadian pay us a visit, and as far as I can hear it seems that arrangements had almost been settled, and that Hanlan was to come. Of course now things have considerably altered through Lay cock's accident ; but I hope to see Laycock, of whom I am a great admirer, rise from his bed of sickness as well and as strong as ever he was. To hear of his being in as good fettle as he was during his victorious career in England and to see him mount to the pinnacle othis ambition by defeat ing Hanlan on the waters of the Parramatta is the sincere wish of— Yours truly, Sydney, September 15. TOM- TIT. 