BISHOP OF ADELAIDE AND THE PRAYER BOOK. The Bishop of Adelaide is reported to have said in his address to the Synod there, "that he considered the English Prayer Book would one day be the rallying point or all English speaking Christians so that that longing amongst denominations for unity may some day become a visible fact." Admitting the many excellencies of the Prayer Book, yet it is but fallible and human; therefore not like the Bible an infallible standard of truth on which alone any substantial foundation could be laid of an authoritative character to bind the public conscience. All the Protestant denominations regard the Bible as a Divine authority to the judgment of which they willingly submit ; so they hold in common the same funda mental doctrines. But the chief differ ences between the large body of Christians and the Church of England is in Church government, in formularies, in the rigidity of Prayer Book teaching ; in the restric tion of public extempore prayer, and the bishop's hope is to seek for a rallvine point of union in the very document which is the hone of contention. In fact, the proposal would be to substitute the Prayer Book for the Word of God, contrary to the spirit and the letter of VI. and XX. Articles, as well aB the HomilieB. The Rev. Thomas Scott in his reply to Bishop Tomline on the subject of Baptismal Regeneration, &c.;, says, " It has been the opinion of persons eminent for wisdom, learning and piety, both in the Church of England and elsewhere that the Reformers from Popery in general by appealing to Fathers and Councils of the first four centuries as authority , and not decidedly and consis tently adhering to their grand principle as stated in our Article VI., gave their opponents an immense advantage in all subsequent controversies with Papists and those called Protestants " ; then he proceeds to say that " an amiable humility and deference to character, and in former ages fear of needless innovation, and remaining prejudices of education may very reasonablyaccouatfor this tendency." In fact our Prayer Book has been more than once revised, aud it is confessed it needs a further revision ; in: the Baptismal Service for Infants at variance with the Articles, the Ordination Service, the Absolution of the Sick, the Cate chism contradicting itself, and other matters. Therefore to make an imperfect book a standard for union would be to substitute that book for God's book and : to propose the source of disagreement as the source of conciliation. No ! the Bible is the source of Christianity and" of Christian brotherhood. Several attempts have been made to bring about the union. The Convocation met at the same time as the Parliament and there appeared on the part of many of the clergy a disposition to bring the rites and ceremonies of the Church into nearer conformity to practice of the Church of Geneva and Troy. What was. chiefly asked was the forbidding of laymen and women's baptism, kneeling at the Lord's Supper, that copes and surplices and square caps be laid aside, that festivals in honour of saints be laid aside, ther omission of the article respecting the descent of Christ into Hell. No point of doctriue was proposed : but the Queen would not consent aud the Clergy as good subjects would not oppose the Queen's authority, therefore the several aud sub sequent proposals of unity also failed as Isaac Taylor says, " through our pertinacity in adhesion to matters doubtful we en danger questions most important." Bishop Short in his sermon at the opening of the Cathedral, 1872, touches ou this subject., when he. says, " we regret the absence of many who have the great gifts of eloquence, intellect, learning, energv, missionary enterprise and Chris tian character ; in these, matters we claim no pre- eminence, but to compromise what we believe to be apostolic ordinances or tamper with primitive usage, neither loyalty to Christ nor obedience to His commandment given by the Holy Ghost to His apostles, demands or permits." Then he goes on to say; after enumerating several bright and shining lights in these bodies such as Chalmers, Hall, &c.;, and expressing r, willingness to freedom, of action or to. Liturgical services, all and every part. He proposes that these Divines should take the Prophetic office, in other words, expound the holy , scrip tures and exhort the people to obey the Lord." His objection is founded on the belief that Prelate ordination is essential to a Ministry. How at variance this is with the Reformers who admitted nouprelate ministers to the Professorships of our Universities aud to Incumbencies of Parishes and with the Article of our 0 hurch XIX. in which not a word of Prelacy is mentioned, nor in the New Testament;, as Thomas Scott admits. . All we can say is that the Bishop's proposal: has been regretted over and over , again, that. the Bible is the standard work of .Christianity and that as Thomas Scott has proposed " that all parties must con-; sent to give up much of the non- essentials in Church forms and in the language of St. Paul, Romans xiv. " doubtful disputa tions before, we can have unity." To. use the Prayer Book universally, may produce uniformity at the expense of Spiritual gifts, remembering that it is in truth the Word of God which effectually worketh, and that we should therefore pray that the Word of the Lord may have free course and be, glorified as the true foundation of Christian unity. The Prayer Book is the source of dispute now toithin the Church ; between ritualists and anti- ritualists. : RrCHAXtD jS AnLBIB. 