Parliament of South Australia. (By telegraph to the Herald.) Adelaide, Tuesday. The Assembly met this afternoon, there was a full house, and the Speaker's and strangers' galleries were crowded. The Chief Secretary made a Ministerial statement with regard to the intentions of the Government with reference to the difficulty in which they found themselves in consequence of the rejection of the Taxation Bill last week. Early in the sitting he moved a formal motion of adjournment for that purpose, and, alter reviewing the circumstances of the case, he proceeded to say the Government had carefully considered the present position of affairs. They had never asked for a. dissolution, and they thought it not necessary or proper that they should resign They were gratified by the knowledge that on the general questions before the Legislature they still had a majority of the House at their back, They were not to be " bluffed" or " chaffed" out of office ; but when the House declared against their fitness to hold office they would resign, The leader of the Opposi- tion suggested a doubt whether the Government really had the confidence of a majority of the House ; whereupon the Chief Secretary challenged him to test that question in the ordinary way. He proceeded to confess that the Government last week had put a wrong issue of taxation or no taxation before the House. He remarked that the Government intended to do all they reasonably could in the way of retrenchment. Now, after the late adverse vote, they proposed to discharge the present taxation bills from the notice paper. On Thursday, or it may be on Tuesday next, having moved the House into a Committee of Ways and Means, the Government intended bringing forward fresh taxation resolutions, which would beef) a halfpenny in the £ on the actual value of real property this being the first clause of the former scheme ; (2) a halfpenny in the £ on the annual value of gains and profits arising from all personal property; and (3) an income tax of 3d in the £. The exemptions will be as follow Where the actual value of real property is under £500, or is under £25 per annum ; or the capital value being £500 and where the incomes do not exceed £300 and if the total real or personal property together did not exceed £500, no tax would be payable. The Opposition speakers following the Chief Secretary shadowed forth the nature of the opposition that would be raised to the proposed land tax or to any land tax which included improvements. It was said that if the Government yielded on this point probably the rest of the proposed taxa- tion would be carried. The Chief Secretary subsequently mentioned, with regard to the much debated question of sufficient provision in the way of rolling stock for the wheat in the coming great harveSt, that £215,000 worth of rolling stock had been ordered, which would be made in the colony, and must be ready early next year. " NEW LAMPS FOR OLD ONES ! !" (vide Aladdin and Judson.)-Re-dye everything with Judson's Dyes. Regard your picture frames with Judson's Gold Paint. Re- black your fenders, stoves, etc with Judson's Artists' Black, Sold by Chemists, Stationers, and Storekeepers everywhere, 2206 GHOSTS. An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : " How do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread ?" for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy' bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt the current spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread; for, although it won't " raise ghosts," it will raise bread in the most admirable fashion, Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and every good housewife buys it. 