EChOES OF MELBOURNE. [By Tr.O GHosT.] Oct. 10. "Oysters is out, cats is in," was, ac. cording to an English clossical novelist, the exclamation of a London "coster" at the close of the season when the con sumption of the appetising bivalve, dear to the palate of gourmets of every clime, is no longer a legal privilege, and " pies all hot," the component elements of which are popularly supposed to owe much to tire domestic tabby, constitute the chief stock-in- trade of the itinerant vendor of delicacies, and so for the present politics are set aside, and the talk of Melbourno is of the Cup "cuppy." How Archio could have won the Derby, but wa, not allowed to achieve the blue ribbon of the Australian turf, and Ihow Martini-Honry, the animal with a double name, illus. trated that "eternal fitness of things" which is such a stand-by to leader writers, by scoring a double victory, are now the chief, indeed the solo subject that occupy the minds of men, and of a large portion of women too, if the truth must be told. For-tell it not in Gath--thoe fair sex are no longer satisfied with wagering the time-honoured gloves, but go in for down right betting; the gentlemen of the party are asked to "lay a pound or two" for the dames they chaporone. If they select the winner, the gains, of course, are taken f by the ladies; if unfortunate, they pay the penalty of their want of judgment by being allowed to "settle" with tihe bookmakers. One of the best known among the fraternity was heard to say after the Derby that he had won over a thousand pounds of "ladies' money" owing to the defeat of Archie. The people's representatives, or at all events, a number of them, are apparently bent on spending their holiday--and their t salary-outside of Victoria. Mr. Bent ancd Mr. Bosisto have already sailed for India, Mr. Bolton is in Queensland (which colony, it is rumoured, he intends permanently to .grace with his presence), and the Speaker and Major Smith are 9 about to take their departure for Now Zealand on a lengtiened tour. Should the two lhonourabl gentlemeon travel to gother it is to be Ihoped they will be able to agree a little better outside the walls of the Assembly than they do when Mr. Lalor is arrayed in his wig, and atlicially robed, and so often compelled to "sit n upon" the hon. and gallant member for a Ballarat. Other parliamentary notabilities are about to botake themselves to Now South Wales and Tasmania to give the people of those localities a taste of their Victorian quality, and travel as "dead heads" on C the Government railways. In fact it may be said that a veritable exodus of h legislators has set in. Is it that they h feel themselves to be in their own country prophets without honour ? or can it be- no, the supposition is too dreadful-that in many cases what they are in tire babit of styling "'appy'oemos" do not exist for them ? I r The decision of the Full Court int re gard to the suit brought by a Mr. Cushing to recover a largo number of shares he allowed to be forfeited in 1877 r for non-payment of a call of one penny per share, and which, when the ompany had paid upwards of ISs per share in dividends, some five years afterwards he sought to recover, has given satisfaction I to everyone-excepting, of course, to the plaintilf. The Chief Judge of the Court of Mines had directed Mr Cushing's name to be restored to the shareholder's register. Against this decision the Company appealed, and the appeal has been allowed. The Privy Council will no doubt ultimately be called upon finally to decide, for the plaintiff Is a member of the wealthy American firm of Osborn, Cushing, and Co., and is hardly likely to accept without cavil the dictum of the Full Court. Fortunately for mining enterprise the new act relating to the forfeolture of shares will render similar suits for the reinstatement of defaulting call-payers impossible in the future. A stranger in Melbourno passing down Bourke-street any time during Wodnes day, and trusting to his ears alone, might fairly have fancied himself in Clare or L' ..rick, or else in far-famed Tipperary. There was an accent in the speech of most of the wayfarers one met redolent of the Green Isle. The occasion that caused them to assemble from the uttermost parts of the colony was the holding of an Irish-Australian Convention for tire purpose of furthering the cause of Home Rule. Mr. Redmond, M.P., and Dr. O'Dohorty of Queensland were the "stars" of the evening in an oratorical sense. There was nothing very particular to note about the gathering but tihe absence of prominent Victorian politicans and members of the Legislature. Un Thurs day the delegates, numbering some three hundred, were " banquetted," and on Friday Mr. J. E. Redmond delivered his final lecture in Australia, which he leaves a richer, if not a wiser, man then when lihe first caneo to us. The Government are still in oom municationr with the Agent-General re. specting thochairmanof the now Railway Board. When that gentleman and his colleagues are appointed, it is safe to pre dict that the public will be somewhat sur prised, a number of expectant commis sioners disappointed, and the Ministry jubilant that Parliament is not in session, and that no awkward questions will re quire answering. When the Houses re assemble, the whole affair will be ancient history. If the people are not pleased with their parliamentary representatives, at all events honourable members of the Legis latnor appear very well satisfied with themselves. So in order to show tle esti nmation in which they hold themealves, they hlave given themselves a marine pic nic. Got up steam on board the Nelson (the colonial article of that ilk), stocked the vessel with edibles and potables, in vited their lady friends, all at the expense of a paternal Government. Is this the device of a frugally-minded but on pleasuro-bont Scotch premier, acd done so order to save thie cost of the usual "wvhite-bait" dinner 1 The racing carnival is over, and Mel bourno is once more beginning to wear its work.a-dayaspect. The tanned-skin young gentlemon, whose yearly advent is looked fuorward to as a sort of special providence my tailors and bookmakers, have gone back to tihe billabongs and back blocks, and Scott's, Monzioes, aced thie CeolLco Pl'alaces, no longer resemble boo hIives or hierring barrels. Lot it be hIoped their holiday has made this section of yrung Australia wiser. There is certainly room for improvement. It alnost goes without saying that every place of ancusemnurt has been filled from floor to ceiling ldurirng tire carnival week. The " Silver King,"' at tie RIoyal, has drawn enormous audiencoe, and acted atd placed on the stage as it is, deserves all its success. At tile Princess that plucky little manageross, Iiss e milio Mol ville, has boon delighting the public with a nightly-varied round of operas-bouffe, while at the Opera llouseo the " Mantrane Noire," with Mliss Ivanova and Messrs. Knight Aston, Virdi, and Applebly, have been affording a real treat to lovers of sparkling music artistically rendered. For those who like to take their pleasuro sadly- moult tri.lterente-as Froissard has it, the Majeronis havo boon giving a rolnd of their admirably acted, but some what depressing charactors in "Joal ousy," Camillo," and "The Woman of the People." Those old mirth provoking favourites, the Federal Minstrols, have re. turned to their old location, the Victoria Hall, and have, judging from the audiencee that nightly graot them, exem plified the truth of the adage, anoent ab eonce causing the heart to grow fonder. Just at present theatrical managers are in clover. 