I GENERAL TOM THUMB. ' Tom Thumb's no more ! ' cries Noodle in Fielding's first of burlesques, and harrows the soul of good King Arthur with the dire ful tidings hosv the small commander on his way to breakfast, after having killed rebellion, was swallowed up in the street by a red cow ' larger than the largest size.' The little hero however receives tne oenenc of poetic license, and is revived to spend his honeymoon with Princess Huncamunca. It is only in ' the tragedy of tragedies ' poor Tom Thumb is favoured by this easy immortality. We have word of his death to-day, and though the herald is not above suspicion the news seems accurate, pitifully true. Even in our ashes live our wanted fires, and it is a consequence of fame that the ghost and memory of a man retain the peculiar aspect of his celebrity as he achieved it in the flesh. It is quite impos sible to take the death of the American dwarf in the same way as we should hear that a bright particular star of the average material magnitude had dropped out of the firmament. A ' puny fantastical sorrow,' like that of Olivia's for her pet seems tho feeling appropriate to the fatality. Not that the deceased general was all pigmy. On the contrary he had a spirit still greater than that of Dr. Watts. It is recorded of that metrical moralist that going into his publisher's one day somebody wondered aloud that the famous Dr. Watts was so small a man. With that the doctor turned round, drew himself up to his full height, and, fixing the impertinent critic with his eye, threw off an impromptu to the effect that were he tall enough to reach the pole or gird the ocean with his span, he must be measured by his soul, on the ground that ' the mind's the standard of the man.' In the same way we have it recorded of Tom Thumb that on his first visit to Buckingham Palace, now forty years ago, he approached the royal circle, aud bowing gracefully? remarked to Her Majesty that he had seen her before, and added with qniefc dignity his opinion that the room was prettier than the picture gallery outside, and that the chan delier was especially fine. Asuredly not many youths of his age in these realms would on first meeting have set the Queen and court so handsomely at their ease by the quiet affability of his manner. But he gave on that occasion a direct proof that, though but twenty-five inches high, he was on as good terms with himself as if the inches were feet. Her Majesty took him by tho hand and introduced the Prince of Wales. ' How are you, Prince ?' quoth the general, shaking him by the hand. Then standing beside the heir of England, and measuring himself to the royal child, some what as Tony Lumpkin measured himself to his fair relative, the microscopic aud precocious Yankee said, ' The Prince is taller than I am, but I feel as big as any body,' aud with that proclamation strutted up and down the floor, to the vast amuse ment of all present. On another occasion he acquitted himself at Buckingham Palace pretty much as Gulliver acquitted himself in Brobdinag. The royal poodle made a sally on 'him, but the general, seizing a cane, put the ferocious monster to flight after a -rtvllo- At o£t.A.-fc. I In November 1812, as Barnum tells US in his ' Struggles, Triumphs, and Recollec tions^' while at Bridgeport, Connecticut, on the look- out for wonders, he heard of a very small child, and soon hunted up the curiosity. There was a bright-faced, intel ligent, perfectly-formed little fellow, 10 lbs. weight and under two feet high. His name was Charles S. Stratfcon. The king of showmen engaged the prodigy for four weeks at three dollars a-week, with all travelling expenses for himself aud his mother, brought him to New York, where he spent great care and pains in training the little creature, who .was an apt pupil, with much native talent and a keen sense of the ridiculous. Before twelve months the young general's salary had been raised to twenty-five dollars a-week, and a year after wards he agreed on a European tour at fifty dollars and all expenses. His fame preceded him, and a crowd waited on the landing-place at Liverpool to receive this miniature re publican, but he evaded the honour by comiug on shore disguised as an infant in his mother's arms. The hit in England, and for that matter in Europe, was decided. Like another general ho came, was seen, aud conquered. Even in those days Barnum understood the art of advertising as well as Mr. Puff in Sheridan's comedy ; and the royal patronage 'was cleverly used to spur the public interest. For example, care was taken to make it leak out that on the Lili putian's third visit to Buckingham Palace, Leopold, King of the Belgians, being present, Queen Victoria asked the Geueral to sing, and asked him what song he liked best. ' Yankee Doodle ' was the prompt reply, as London was speedily made aware, to the instant spread of admiring curiosity, and the increased takings of the enterprising ex hibitor. The General's popularity was crowned by his repartee to the Duke of Wellington, who happened to call at Tom's levee while that strategist was personating the First Napoloen. In this character he was marching up and down the platform, his hands, iu the historical attitude, behind his back, and seemingly in deep meditation. The Iron Duke asked the subject of his thoughts, to which the General replied, 'I was thinking of tho loss of the battle of Waterloo.' This flash was worthy of the best wit among them, and wc can well believe that it electrified the country, and, as Barnum practically put it, was worth thousands of pounds to the show. The General left England for the continent laden with costly presents. His journey abroad was a triumph, aud it was on his re turn to England that his exhibitor made his bold bid for Shakespeare's house at Stratford oii- Avon,' and all but secured it too, his object being to transport it, as he did Jumbo, to the United States as a grand trophy wrestled from the sloop v civilisation of the Old World. Dickens, in one of his Christmas stories, has a romance of the rivalry of a giant and a dwarf who were smitten by the same charms. The old parallel between fact and fiction is not cxactly realised by Tom Thumb's courtship, but it seems as comic in its way. The General fell in love with Miss Lavinia Warren, a female dwarf of many accomplishments. In this petty passion the course of true love ran as roughly as if a pair of the largest size were borne on the troubled current. The cele brated Commodore Nutt was also slave to the fair Lavinia, and we have it from Mr. Barnum that whenever the General ap proached the lady the Commodore was on hand, and ' strutted round like a bantam rooster.' Not only this, but blood was'likely to have been shed. One day the rivals came to grips, and the Commodore threw the General on his back. Moreover, the Com modore talked about pistols and bowie knives, and other lethal weapons, while the General, though nominally a man of war, was, we learn, by nature most pacific, and showed the better part of valour in respect of the choleric pretender, who wanted to make it an affair of arms. Tom effected by ?strategy what he could not gain by strength. He invited the young lady to visit his mother, showed her his house and lands, likewise a mortgage on another man's property, and then popped the question. He was accepted, aud though the Com modore at first looked formidable and refused to content himself with the lady's sister, Miss Minnie Warren, he cooled down in a fortnight, and not only agreed to be the bridegroom's best man, but engaged himself to the small sister of the small bride. After the marriage, which was adroitly turned to account as an attraction which brought many thousands of dollars, tho fairy people paid another visit to Europe, and were as heartily received as before. Siuce their return they have lived on the General's very handsome property so pri vately that it will read as a surprise to many to hear only now of the death of the per former who was the fashion forty years ago. General Tom Thumb was amongst the smallest sized dwarfs, though of a decidedly larger class of pigmy than General Mite and the little lady recently exhibited in Piccadilly. He was 25 inches high, whereas the famous Geoffrey Hudson, though only 18 inches up to the age of 80, then grew rapidly to nearly four feet. Count Borowlaski was 8 feefc 8 inches at 30, Nicholas Ferry was nearly 3 feet when he died at 23. Two contemporary dwarfs were of tho same height as the General, and like him showed that intelligence which so remarkably distinguishes the fiery sprightly race of pigmies from the heavy and stupid race of giants. — Morning Advertiser. A BaTjIiOon Under the Sea. — A Marseilles correspondent writes to a contemporary : — ' The international exhibition of Nice is reserving some wonders for the foreigners who may propose to pass a portion of the winter of 1883-84 upon the borders of the Mediterranean. One of these wonders is a balloon -which its inventor, M. Tosolli, calls ' the observatory under the sea.' It is made of steel and bronze, to enable it to resist the pressure which the water produces at a depth of a hundred and twenty metres. This ' observatory under the sea ' has a height of eight metres, and is divided into three compartments. The upper apartment is reserved for the commander, to enable him to direct aud to watch the working of the observatory, and to give to the passen gers the explanations necessary as to the depth of the descent and what they will see in the depths of the sca-i CPJie second apartment;, in die ceiure ox m—ia— ' 'comfortably furnished for p^sseWje^.*Sto the number of eight, who are placed so that they can see a long distance from the vessel or machine.' They have under their -feet a glass which enables them to examine at their ease the bottom of the sea, with its fishes, its x^lants, and its rocks. The obscurity being almost complete at seventy metres of depth, the observatory will be provided with a powerful electric sun, which sheds light to a great distance in lighting these depths. The passengers have at their disposal a telephone, which allows them to converse with their friends who have stopped on the steamboat which transports the voyagers to such places as are known as the most curious in the neighbourhood. They have also handy a telegraph machine. Beneath the passengers an apartment is reserved for the machine, which is constructed on natural principles, that is to say, as the vessie of a fish, becoming heavier or lighter at command, so as to enable the machine to sink or rise at the wish of the operator.' Am Honest Man. — A countryman stepped into a street fruit-store and invested in a nickel's worth of chestnuts. In about half an hour he returned and handed the pro prietor one of the nuts. ' What does this mean?' asked the dealer. 'Well,' re marked the customer, ' that is the only sound chestnut I found in the piut, and so I thought you had put it in by mistake. I am an honest man and don't want to take a mean advantage of a fellow.' ' Boss, 'sposon you were ter miss, some mornin', dat ar pure pinter dog what you paid 200 dol. for, how much would you gif me ef I fotched him back to yer house, on Austin Avenue?' asked Sam Johnsing. ' I expect I would give you ten dollars,' replied Colonel Yergsr, thoughtfully. ' Well den, boss, jess hand out dat ten dollars now and yer won't miss dat dog, in the fust place. Hit will sabe yer a heap of anxiety about de pup.' — Texas Siftings. A western editor, in acknowledging -a gift of a peek of onions from a subscriber, says, ' It is such kindnesses as this that bring tears to our ejres.' ? Pleasant-faced people are generally the most welcome, but the auctioneer is always pleased to see a man whose countenance is forbidding. The following is extracted from a smart hoy'ti composition on ' Babies' : — ' The mother's heart gives 4th joy at the baby's 1st 2th.' A remarkable instance of tho fidelity and sagacity of the dog happened at Milford Haven. Two men named Davies and Tay lor were out in a boat which was swamped . The former of these was the owner of a dog, and whilst the men were struggling in the ?water the animal caught hold of Taylor with the object of supporting him ; finding, how ever, that it was not his master to whom he was rendering assistance, he relinquished his grasp and went to the aid of Davies, his master, supporting him until he was rescued by a passing steamer, the other man being drowned. The total 'revenue of tho United States during tlio last fiscal year was 308,338,520 dol., nearly 8dol. per head for every man, woman, and child in the country. The expenditure amounted to 205,5(-8,087dol., which was an increase of 15.000,000dol. over the previous year. 