VISIT TO THE ISLANDS IN BASS STRAITS. WITH AN ACCOUNT OF WHAT I SAW AND HEARD THERE. [BY H. S.] (Continued from our last.) THE CAPTAIN'S NARRATIVE After detailing the above facts, the captain said-On Tuesday night at about twenty minutes to twelve we were making between 10 and 11 knots per hour when we struck; she bumped twice, then plunged ahead, heeled over, and filled. We were going under easy sail. The crew and I landed on Preservation Island in the ship's boats. During Wednesday night severe westerly gales set in, and on Thursday the main and mixen masts went over the side. Continuous westerly gales, with heavy seas, were experienced during Friday night, and the hull of the ship disappeared, having previously parted in two or more pieces, and slipped into deep water. Large quantities of cargo were thrown up on Barren and Clarke's Islands, but nearly all that came ashore on Preservation Island was either broached or smashed on the rocks. The crew could not communicate with the ship after Wednesday night until the following Monday. They then pulled over and found only floating wreck visible on the surface, but could see the hull and a portion of the cargo was apparently lying in between rocks. They were kindly treated by Mr. James Allen, who received them at his farm and supplied them with food and shelter for the five days they remained on Preserva tion Island. On Tuesdly the 14th they left in Mr. Allen's ketch, the Summer Cloud on their way to Launceston. Whilst on Preserva tion Island the captain was robbed of a gold watch and other valuables, and one of the officers also lost some property. The crew were suspected of the robbery, and on their arrival at Launceston they were all arrested and searched, but as nothing was found to connect them with the charge, they were at once released. The Cambridgeshire was 1691 tons, and was insured for £17,250 in various offices. The wreck was submitted to auction in Melbourne, September 21st, and knocked down to Messrs. Lyell and Gowan for the sum of £2850. There are many curious yarns told arising out of this wreck; how the natives " went" for the cargo and concealed it in the thick scrub on Barren Island and other safe spots. One old half-caste buried large quantities of crea ture comforts in his back garden and sowed grass seed upon the plant; and when the excise officer came buzzing around he went away satisfied that nothing had been concealed there. The half-castes were not the only ones who provided themselves with valuable stores and reaped golden harvests from the wreck of the Cambridgeshire, and got off scot free from the vigilance of the officers. History records the fact of the police getting jolly over the contents of many a cask of brandy or whisky considerably over proof. It was a common occurrence for many months afterwards for someoone or other to exhume or disinter a choice spirit that had lain in the earth until things had be come quiet, knock the head in, and drink the contents out of pannikins until they got almost mad drunk, and would roll many a 30-gallon keg into the sea. Such corroborees were never held before nor since as were held then. The company then assembled would commence the pro ceedings with a nip or two, while whole boxes of sperm candles were piled up and set fire to in lieu of fireworks. One of the company would roll a cask of spirits into the middle of the canp, while another would seat himself at one of perhaps Lippa's or Broadwood's pianofortes, and hammer away upon the keys with a stout stick and beat time, always of course in one key, while two copper-coloured indi viduals would favour the company with "The golden shoe dance." Many a promenade concert and ball was so held, and many a stand-up fight followed after. wards. They do say that while the cap tain, oflicers, and crew were located at James Allen's place on PRESERVATION ISLAND Many a disgraceful quarrel ensued be tween the half-castes and the sailors while in a state of intoxication. I was told that it took Mr. Allen all his time to keep the crew from attacking the captain and perhaps adding murder to their crimes. The sailors would try to enter the cottage while the caplain was con cealed there, and, threaten to take his heart's blood. One old salt said, " If I can only taste the captain's blood I will die happy." It does not appear that the skipper gave his men any provocation while in that state, only they were vain glorious and dangerous. It must have been a lamentable sight to witness the wilful destruction of such valuable property, as I have been in formed was done by the natives. I understand the beach on Clarke's, Barren, and Preservation Islands, were strewn for miles with such articles as the fol lowing :-viz., hogheads of spirits, cases of ditto, cases of drapery, chests of tea, bags of sugar, bags of flour, bags of rice, cases of furniture, cases of pianofortes, trunks of boots, cases of clothing, cases of candles, casks of wine, etc., etc. It is a singular coincidence that Pre servation Island owes its name to the pre servation of the crew of a ship which was run ashore upon it in a sinking state, many, many, years ago. It is two miles long by about half a mile wide, very low, and covered with barilla, nettles, and long grass. It will carry about 500 sheep. Mr. Maclaine is the present lessee, and has purchased fifty acres there. James Allen, the poor fellow who showed so much kindness to the captain and crew of the Camnbridgeshiro, was himself wrecked two years afterwards. James Allen was the grandson of Mr. Robinson, the late black protector, and was always looked upon as a skilful boatman, a sober man, and was much liked by the half- castes. There is a small island of about one hundred acres lying to the south-west of Preservation Island known as RUM ISLAND, But this is nothing more than a rookery for mutton birds. After remaining a day and a night at Clarke's Island, our little craft put in an appearance, discharged some stores, and aboard we went and set sail for BADGER ISLAND. This island is distant from Clarke's Island about twenty miles. We had a strong sonth-east breeze which sent us down in a few hours. Soon as we reached the boat harbour a dingy came off and landed the passengers two at a time. I was not slow in paying my respects to the half- caste lady Miss Lucy Beeton--"The Queen of the Isles," as this lady is styled, and the present owner of the island. Miss Beeton received me with many ex pressions of welcome. After resting a while and partaking of some refreshments, our party were introduced to the overseer Mr. John Summers, who kindly showed us round the homestead. The cottage which is built of wood and closely thatched with grass, which is said to be far before shingle roofs, as it is warmer in winter and cooler in summner stands some little distance from the beach, in a sort of avenue of she-oak trees, whose foliage was very striking. A neat flower garden, of which Miss Beeton was very proud, was stocked with a variety of plants, such as nasturtiums, sun flowers, peraniums, cauliflowers, shalots, fuchsias, carrots, cabbages silver beet, etc, while stawberries, gooseberries, and apples had not been omitted. Shearing operations were in full swing, and a party of neighbours had arrived to assist Mr. Summers in the work. The fleeces when removed were folded and packed in bales with the assistance of a spade, care being taken to turn the sides well under with the foot. This process of pressing wool was general at all the settlements in the Straits. Badger Island is pretty well grassed, and has plenty of she-oak and scrub upon it, but good water is scarce. Pigface grows luxuriantly all over the place, also sarsaparilla, which might be turned to good account. The island contains somewhere about 1800 acres, 101 acres of which Miss Lucy Beeton has purchased; she pays £25 a year for the balance. It is centrally situated, and is altogether a very pleasant place. It derives its name from a vessel wrecked there many years ago. Good shooting, in the shape of quail, wild pigeon, ducks, and wallaby, is plentiful enough. Some of the half-caste young sters often knock over a quail with a stone aimed at it. Snakes "reside" here, but are considerad harmless enough if not mo lested. Mutton-birds do not build here, although only distant a mile or so from Chappell Island, the chief mutton-bird island of the Straits. It is said that mutton-birds avoid as much as possible all wooded places, and where scrubby they make their nests as much as pos sible in the open or cleared ground. On my return to the cottage Miss Beeton introduced me to her relatives and friends, and gave orders to prepare a " make haste" dinner for self and fellow passengers ; so while the dinner was getting ready, and to while away the time, I played some sacred tunes upon a well-toned har monium, and accompanied some ladies while they sang " Gathering shells upon the seashore"and other hymns. One might almost fancy himself sitting listening to a well-trained choir on the main, instead of in a lonely part of the Straits with only half- castes as singers. After the music, I introduced a few simple sleight of hand tricks which I learnt from Harry Sey mour, such as passing half-a crown from the back of the hand into the centre of a potato, and astonished the natives be yond everything when I made be live to bring limpets, alive oh ; out of their wooly heads. I don't believe one of them ever saw anything so wonderful in all their lives before. Before I left Badger Island, Miss Beeton proposed a charming plan for taking a few friends, including Mr. and Mrs. Lloyd and myself, in a boat, with proper appliances and means for a picnic or sojourn, such as a tent, blankets, kettle, tin plates, and pannicans, tea, sugar, bread, and shooting and fishing tackle, etc., and so go coasting round about the picturesque island, landing wherever fancy led us, and leading a week or two of real island life; but I am sorry to say this pleasant castle in the air never advanced beyond the ground plan, as Miss Beeton had to pay a visit to Mel bourne soon afterwards. In conversation with some of the half- castes I found them to be very intelligent and sensible on various subjects, but ex tremely sensitive and superstitious where knocks and noises were concerned, attrib uting everything of the kind to super natural causes. It apspears that for years past the cottage has had the reputation of being haunted, frequent knocking being heard in the doors and windows, but be yond that fact nothing ghostly has ever appeared. I was told that one night not long ago the schoolmaster was visiting there, when the conversation was about ghost stories. Mr.--- was asked if he had ever seen the ghost walk. That gentleman answered in the negative, adding that he did not believe in ghosts. He had scarcely expressed his disbelief when three loud knocks above his head startled the company from their seats, and made some of the half-castes turn almost white with fear. They say the schoolmaster was never abroad at night after that. The skipper warned us that if we wanted to reach Flinders Island that night we had better got away at once. The order "All aboard" was given and off we went. 'The Queen of the Isles and her retinue came as far as the boat harbour to wish us bon voy age, when the usual waving of hats and handkerchiefs followed. Once more aboard the cutter Bella Beeton, we up anchor and stood on our course. On our right was Chappell Island, the chief mutton bird island of the Straits, and in the dis tance we could see Green Island, Kan garoo Island, and the Sugarloaf Mount on Flinders island. Our skipper pointed out to us Double Corner, where Mr. Veien resides, and further north again The Settlement, where the blacks were sent to in the year 1836; but more of this anon. As we sailed past Flinders Peaks several wild looking places were pointed out as "tin bearing " localities, that only wanted water and capital to develop them. (To be continued.) 