TALES AND SKETCHES. / DONAL GRANT." BY GEORGE MACDONALD, , Author of Ale; Forbes, Malcolm, See.', See. ' Chatter XII. — (Continued.) ' Again thcro was silence. Miss Grnemo be-' T to doubt whether there was nny possi bility of holding rational converse with a man who was always oil into some high-flying region of which she knew nothing, and for which she eared as little. Besides, he was always taking the upper hand with her, and wanting either to teach or contradict her, she thought. Bat nothing could have been further from Donal's drift, not to say con scious intent. His unconscious desire was to meet her upon some common plane of thought, and instinctively he talked of whatever came up that interested him. He always wanted to meet his fellow, and hence that occasional abundance of npceoh, which, however poetic might be the things he Baid, some did not fnil to call prosiness. Hnd he been a man of ac knowledged fnme, ho might have said ten times as much and been heard as an oracio, yea, what was worth little havo been taken for much. Those only who aro of tho truth themselves will take tho truth from whatever mouth, Biit it was now Miss Graeme's turn to re- sums, " I should have thought," bIic said, " if you wanted to sot your imagination at work, you Would have found that easier at the castle than here, This is a very Bimple and modem placo compared to that." (| , ' It. is apoor imagination," returned Donal 'hat requires either age or any other nioro accessory to rouso it. The very absoneo of everything oxternal, tho bareness of tho mero humanity involved, may in itself be an ex citement greater than any acoompanimont of too antique or tho picturesque. But in this clu-fashioncd garden, in tho midst of these old- fashioned flowers, and with so many of the gentlenesses of anciont life suggested by tho Surroundings, it is easier to call hack tho people than where all is so cold, hard, sovorc— so mncli on tho defensive as in that uugo, sullen pile on tho liill top." i , "fen" you find it dull up tliero I" swd Graeme, with a look of playful sympathy. 1 J ''Not at all," returned Donal. "Even if I au not such an interesting pupil, ouo who "been used to Bpcud day after day nlone, itll only clouds nnd heather and sheep and 63 for ids companions, does not dopond much J, "OUse ho may bo in to provide him with pastime, Givo mo a chair and table, enough l.« , ,P mo from ahivcring, what books I vo with me, and writing materials, ami I m comfortable ; wliorcas at the castlo I liavo uno library— useless to bo sure for tho pur- Poses of any modern study, hut full of precious AH rights icMmaS00'1' arrauKem<lut|i with tho author old hooks,— Company !" continued Donal, warming to his theme, "I can there at any moment be in tho very heat of company ! There is greater wonder in an old library than anyimagie can work I" "I do not quito understand you," said the lady ; but she would havo spoken nearer the, truth if sho had said she had not a glimmer of what ho meant.' " Then let me explain," said Donal j " what' could necromancy do for yon at tho best ?" . " Well 1" exclaimed Miss Graeme— "but I suppose , if you believe in ghosts, yon may as well bejieve in. raising thorn too." .- "I did not . mean to 'start any- question about; belief; I only wanted you to suppose, necromancy for the. moment a; fact, and put it at its best. I mean — suppose tho magician contd do for; you all he. professed, how much would it amount to ? - Would. it not bo only tills— to bring before your eyes ; a. shadowy resemblance ,of the form of flosh and blood, itself but a. passing- shadow, in which the man moved on tho earth, and; was known to ills fellow-men ? Perhaps also ho might suc ceed in drawing from him some obscure' utterance concerning your future, far mora likoly to destroy our courage than enable you to face it ; so that you would depart from your poop - into the unknown less able to moot tho duties of lifo than beforo." "If any ono lias a desire: after. such inves tigations, lie mnst be . very differently consti tuted from me!" said Miss Graeme. "Aro you sure of that?" Did you never make yourself unhappy about what might bo going to come to you ? Did you never wish you . could know beforehand something to guide yon in ordering your way V" " I should havo. to think n littlo , beforo answering that question." . , . " Toll mo then, what does the art of writing, common as that is now-a-days, and its expan sion, or development rather, in printing, do for a man who longs nftor personal communi cation with any great man who has livod he- fore him? Instond of mocking you with an airy semblance of bis bodily form, and tho sound of a fow donbtful words from hiB lips, it places in your hands the moans of making yourself possessed of his inmost thoughts — and tho best of those . thoughts — the best at least that ho liad yet become able to communicate — for no man's thoughts are of much value who has not bettor behind that he cannot utter. You maybe inclined to object that this is not personal communication, - bat I say it is far more truly personal than tho other. A man's personality does not consist in tho clothes . ho wears, : though it may appear in them ; no more does it consist in his body, but in himself who wears it." As lie spoke, and ho did not cease just there, Miss Graeme kept looking him gravely in the face, revealing, however, mpro respect than in terest. She had. been, accustomed, to a very different tone in young rnon of hor standing. In their intercourse with girls to he amusiug was their main ambition ; to talk such 6enso as had reference to other uses than the imme diate ones of this world was a strango, ont-of-, the- way thing, little practised any whero— ccrtaiuly not in the pulpit, where the things spoken of bind to do neither with this world nor with any other that over God made, except indeed it were by a. long process of transpo sition and interpretation. I do hot say that Miss Graeme appreciated what sense lay in Donal's talk, but she perceived that lie wo3.iu earnest, and that she was happily so far able to appreciate as to respect a deep pond moro than a shallow one. Her thought was— what a strango new specimen of humanity was hero hroughtwithinherken ; but hor brother appear ing put a stop to both his talk nnd her think ing in their respective directions. "Well," he Baid, as ho drew near,"" I am glad to soo you getting on so well together." "How do you know wo have boen.getting on well, Hector !" asked his sister, with some thing of tho contradictory tone which -both in jest and earnest is too common between near rotations. " Because you have been talking incessantly over since yon met.". . " " But we have been only contradicting each other all the time." " I could tell that, too by the sound of your voices at my dressing-room window, bat I took it for a good sign.", " I fear niine was almost the only yoioo you hoard," said Donal. "It is a fault of mino to talk, and I fear I have learned it in a way that makcB it difficult .to be cured." " What way was that?" asked Mr. Graeme. "By having nobody to talk to. I learned it on the billaido with my sheep, nnd in the meadows with my cattle. At college I thought I was nearly cured of it j but now, in my comparative solitudo at the castle, it lias coino hack upon mo." " You como lioro then," said Mr. Graome, " when you find it getting too much for you. You will find my sister quite equal to the. task of your deliverance. Similia similtbus, as the liomccopatlis say." " She lias shown no sign of such a power yet, I am sorry to say," remarked Donal, as Miss Graeme, in a somewhat lioydenish yet not ungraceful fashion, made an attompt to box tho car of her siauderons brother — a proceed ing ho had anticipated, and so was ablo to frustrate. "You wait till sho knows you bettor," he said, " and you will find my sistor Kate any man's match for volubility." "Even if I wero," she answered, "I must know something nbout tho tiling in hand : Mr. Grant has boon talking so as quite to bo- wilder me. He 1ms beon actually trying to persnndomo — — " " I beg yonr pardon, MisB Graeme, but I have been trying to persuade you of nothing," " What I not to believe in ghosts and necro mancy and; witchcraft and the ovil eye nnd ghouls aud vampyres,and-I don't know what all of tho things we used to . hear from nurses nnd read in old annuals I". "I givo you my word, Mr. Graome," answered Donal, laughing, "I have not been persuading your sister of any of theso. I am certain she could be,, persuaded to nothing of which I had not first showed her the common sense. What I did dwell upon, and that with out a doubt that she would ncocpt it, was tho evident tact that writing and printing have done more to bring us into persounl relations with tho great ones of our race — and that by no figure of speoeh but in ab.-olute tact — than necromancy could aver have done, oven grant ing tho magician nil tho power he claimed. T'lio nearest, Isay, tlint wo can come to abso lute contact with the being of a man is when wo learn from himself tho way lio thinks about the things ho loves best to think about, hear ing him, as it were, in his own way, and with- out thought of our presenoe, pour forth hi thoughts into the car of tho universe. And in such a position doeB tho book of a great man place us. That was what I meant to convey to your sister," " And," said Mr. Graemo, 11 she is not such a gooso as to have' tailed to. understand -you,' though she 1ms chosen to pretend stupidity." k "I am sure," persisted the lady, "Mr. Grant talked so as to make inu think ho bo-. liovod , in necromancy and all that sort of thing." ..... ; : I " That may ho," said Donal, " but! did not try to persuade you to believe in it." " Oh, if. you. are. going to hold mo to the letter 1" said Miss Graemo coloring a little. It would be impossible to get on with such a man, she thought, who not only, preached when you lmd not tho pulpit to proteotyou from him, but stuck so to his text that tliero was no amusement to be got out of tho busi ness. He was so long winded ! She did not know that if she could have met him on his own gronnd, and brokon tire How of his thoughts jvith fitting opposition, his answers would havo come short and sharp as the flashes of waves on rock3 instead of in the slow roll of tho ocean tide. " I. should think," said Mr. Graeme, "if Mr. Grant believes in . such thujas, ho must find himself .at homo in the terrible old' castle up there, every room of which might well be the haunt of some weary ghoBt !" "Excuse me, Mr. Graeme," said Donal, "but I think you are wrongin supposing that any, work of man's hands, however awful bocauso of crime done in it, ho may leave beliiud liirn, could have an influenco on those that come after to make them believe in tho mavvellous, in tile least degree comparable to tho still presence of liue thinking Nature horaolf. I never saw an, old castle before — at least not to mnke any close acquaintance with it.; but there is not a portion or an aspect of tho grim old survival up there, interesting as it all is, that moves mo.at all as the mero thought of a hill side, with tho veil of tho twilight coming down over it, Blow roveaUng it— for some veils aro for unveiling— as tho last step of a stair for the descending foot of the Lord." " Suroiy, Mr. Grant, y.911 do not expect such a personal advent I" said Miss Graeme. " I should not Uke to say what I do or don't expect,"- said .Donal— and he held his peace, for ho saw that this mode of uttering himself was a stumbling block to , his listeners. Then the silence grew so awkward that Mr.- Gracme felt his good breeding require him to say something from the side of tho man who ho supposed felt himself at lost snubbed by his Bister. : ."If you aro fond of the marvellous, Mr, Grant," he said, ".there are a good many old stories about the'castle that would interest you. In my childhood I was in the way of hearing not a few,, and' liked listening, to them , so much — all the more fur certain sensations about the roots of my hair — that it now seems to mb strange how.. entirely they have passed . from me. I can remember how I felt, but hot tho cause of my so feeling. One of them in deed was brought to my mind the othor day in town. It is strange., how superstition seems to have its ebbs.andflows !. A story or legend wjll goto sleep for. a time, and then revive with quite a fresh interest, uo ono knows why." "Probably," said Donal, "it is when the tale tails upon some fresh soil suited to its re ception. They are now in many counties trying to get together and preserve the rem nants of sucli talcs : perhaps some wind of such inquiry may have set the old people rousing and searching their memories nnd the young ones inventing ; that would account for n good doai, would it not ?" "Yes, bat not for all, I think. Tkerohavo boon no such inquiries made anywhere near ns, so tar ns I am aware. I was at tho Morvon Arms last night to meet a tenant, and tliero the tradesmen were talking over their toddy about various doings at tho castle, nnd their frightful consequences, in one case at least. I should have thought it had nil bean forgotten by this timo. The ratio of forgetting in creases." " I should Uke to hear it 1" said Donal. " Do tell him, Hector," said Miss Graeme, " and I will watch his hair." "That will yield you no gratification," re turned Donal, " for it Is the hair of thoso who mock at suoh things that la in danger of a brooch of manners ; when their imagination is excited in that direction it affects their nerveB more than tho belief of the others affects theirs." " Now I have you !" cried Miss Graeme, " What you have just said shows quite plainly that you are a boliover in those things," " That is too general a conclusion to como to. You might as well say that because I bo- liove tho Bible I believe everything the man in tho pulpit says 1 In regard to every utterance wo have a right, sometimes a duty, of trying it whether it he of tho trath or not. Somo tales I should reject with a contempt that would satisfy even Miss Graeme ; of others I might soy — ' These seem as if they might bo truo ;' and of still others, ' These ought to bo true, I think,' But do tell mo tho story." " It is not," repliod Mr. Graeme, " a very peculiar ono — certainly not peculiar to our castle ; a similar legond belongs to several in Scotland, and, I fancy, in othor countries as well. Tliero is one not far from hero, round whoso dark basements — or hoary hattlomonts — who shall say which ? floats a similar story. It is of a hidden room, whose position or en trance nobody knows, nnd connected witli which are various vague nnd broken rumors." "It is," said Doual, "a species of report very likoly to arise by a kind of cryptogamie generation. The common people, seeing from without the huge proportions of the place, and thomselves accustomed to the narrowest dwel lings, and perhaps upon occasion admitted to a succession of rooms and passages, to them as intricate and confused as a rabbit warreu, in which thoy find it impossible to retrace oven a few steps from the door, must be very roady, I should think, to imagino the existoiice of places within unknown even to tho inhabitants themselves of tho pile, I beg your pardon. Do tell us tho story of it?" " Mr. Grant," Baid Kate, " you perplex mo. I bogin to doubt if. you havo any principles. One moment you tako one side and the next the other !" " No, 110 ; I only lovo my own sido too well to let any traitors into its ranks, I would have nothing to do with Ucs." " Oil, it.ls all lies togothor." " Then I want to hear this one," said Donal merrily, and Mr. Graeme began. " Whether it belongs to this castle by right I cannot tell, but na I have heard it attributed to another, I daresay it is wide-spread and 'you liave heard it before. It is this : During the earldom of a certain recklessly wicked man, who not only oppressed his poor neigh bors by robbing them, and even slaying them where- liis wrath was kindled, but actually Went' so far as ' to break the Sabbath, and be have as wickedly ou that 33 ou any other day ;of the' week, a company Was seated, late ouo Saturday night, playing cards, and drinking,' and talking as such would talk. And all tho ; timo Sunday .was drawing nearer and nearer, jand nobody heeded. - At length -.one of them, seeing , tho hands of. the clock - at a quarter to twelve, made tho romark. that it was time to stop. -He did not mention the sacred day, but ,nll knew what ho meant. Thereupon tho earl 'laughed, and told him that, if he was afraid of Jthe i-kirk-scssion, he 'might go, and another ' would. tako.his hand. But the man sat still, and said no-more till the clock gave the warn ing to the hour. Then lie spoke again, anil said it was almost the Sabbath Day, and they ought not to go on ploying. As ho said it his mouth was pulled all on ouo side. But the earl' struck his. fist on the table, and swore a great oath that. if any man rose he would run him through. . : : v 1 What carp i for . the Sabbath !' lie said. ' I gave you ' your chance to go,' lio added, turning to the man who had spoken : he was drps3ed ; in black like a minister — 'and you would not take it ; now you -shall sit where you are.'. He glared fiercely at the man, and the -man returned liis . gaze with an equally fiery stare. And now, the company first began ' to. discover what perhaps through tlie'fumes of the whisky and the smoke of tho pino torches tiioy had not observed before, that uono of them knew tho man not one of them had evor 'soon him before. And thoy looked at him and could not tuyn their eye3 from him, and a cold terror began to creep through their vitals. But tile stranger kept liis fierce scornful look fixed on the carl, and spoke. 'And I have given you your chance,' lie said, 'and you would not take it ; now yon shall sit still where you are, and . ho. Sabbath shall you ever see.' That moment , the clock began to strike, and the man's mouth came straight again. But when the hammer had struck six times, it struck no more and the clock stopped. ' This' day twelvemonth,' said the man, 'you shall see me again, and ouco the samo time every year till your time is up.— and I hope you will-enjoy your game 1' The earl would havo sprung to Ills feet, but could not, and the man was no where io be seen. Ho had vanished, taking with him both door and windows of the room —not as Samson earriod off; the gates of,Ga;;n, j however, for he left not the least sign of where they had'boen. And from that day to this no one has koen ablo te find the room ; and tliero the wicked earl and his companions to this day sit playing with the same pack of cards and waiting their doom. Some have said that on .that someday of tho year — only, unfortunately, testimony differs as to the day — shouts of drunkon laughter may be heard issuing from somewhere iu the castle, but as to whenco they coraie— none can over agree as to the direction oven from which -they come. That is the ;story." . "And a very good ono too!" Baid. Donal. " I. wonder what the ground of it is : small enough foundation is wanted for such ! It must have had its beginning as well as every true story !" ".Then you believe it ?' said Miss Graome of course you do !" Not quite," he replied. " For one thing, a certain experience I have had up there is rather against it.'1.. . . "What! you have seon something!" cried Miss Grasme, her big eyes growing bigger, and revealing. that she was quite ready to listeu .to a tale ol wonder of her own timo. ' < " No, I have seen nothing," answered Donal, " only heard something I cannot nccount for. —One night, the first I was there indeed, waking .np suddenly, I heard , the sound of a tar oif musical instrument, taint nnd - BWoet; but such as nearer miyht have been a powerful sound." The brother and sister changed looks. Donal went on. " I got up and felt my way down the wind ing stair — I Bleep at the bottom of Baliol's tower — but at the bottom lost myself, and had to sit down and wait for -the light. Thon I heard it again, hut seemed uo nearer to it than before, and'Ihave never heard it since. I have never mentioned the thing before, hut I presume speaking of it to you can do no harm, You at least will not raise any fresh rumors .to injure the respectability of tho castle. I cannot discover any instrument in the castlo from which snch a sound might havo proceeded. Lady Arctnra is no - musician, I am told, and certainly was not likely to be at ber piano in the middle of tho night." "It is difficult to say how far sound may travel in the stillness of tho night, when there wero no other sound-waves to cro33 and break it." "That is all very well, Hector," said his sistor, "hut you know that Mr. Grant is neither tlio first nor tho second who lias heard that sound — and in the night too." " One thing is protty clear," said her brother, "it con have nothing to do with the revellers at tiicir cards. The sounds re ported are of a different kind from any that could come from them !" "That," eaid Donal, " is why I said my oxporience was against tho tale. But are you sure' nono of them had a vioHn with him ? Ha might be glad enough' to,; take to ;ohe if lie had, and tho sound- might have been that of a ghostly or ghastly violin." .: ' , " What horriblo words you use, Mr. Grant 1" said Miss Graemo, with a shudder sufficient to reveal to Donai that it was from ho lack of imagination that sho insisted on ; a com- monplaco view of things mysterious. " The sound," pursued Donal, " though like that of a stringed instrument, was so differcut from anything I had over heard before, oxocpt perhaps certain equally inexplicable sounds occasionally heard among tho hills, that a world of csrio terror seems fittest to use with it." Thus they wont on talking for n while, as up and down tho sunny garden they walked, the suu hot above their heads, and the grass cool under their feet. " It is enough," said Mis3 Graeme, with a laugh a little forced, " to malco ono glad that the castlo does not go with tho title." " Why eo," asked Donal. " Becauso," sho unswerod, " though we aro but distantly related to tho family, wero any thing, to happon to the boys up there, Hoctor would como in to tho title." " Thon you would only havo the music to the bargain," said Donal. " I cannot say I am of my slstcr.s mind," said Mr. Graemo. "A. title with nothing.fo keep it up I should count a simple misfortune? I certainly should not take out tho patent, of ,- what do you call it ? No wise man would' ever lay claim to a title except lie had t'ia' means to make it respected." " Have' wo come to that," exclaimed Donal, , " that even the old titles of the country must be buttressed into respectability by the money; alongside' of them ? ' We away in quiet places' reading old history books are accustomed -to" ' think differently. What hotter are thoy than ' that of Earl of Arundel would be if a million aire money lender were to buy the old keep ? " " I believe that is the dangerous condition of that title," said Mr. Graeme, perhaps' wil ling to give the subject the slip— only Donal would not let him. : --- " If I were the inheritor of a title," ho per- sisted, " I would, were I as poor as Lazarus, take it' and use it, if only to give a lesson to' Dives upstairs, I scorn to think that honor should wait on tlio heels of wealth. You may' think it is because I am, have been, and' always shall be a poor man, bnt if I know myself it is not so. At thc .sanie time it is - hut a trifle, and if you had said yon would nptf use it for any other reason than in homage to' mammon, I should havo had nothing to say." " For my part," said Miss Graeme, " I havo" no quarrel with riches, except that theydir not come my way. I should know how to mako good use of tliem." Donal made no other reply than lay in turn ing a look of divinely stnpid surprise and pity upon the face of the young woman; He lnictor it was of no use to say anything, Argument was so little to the point that, were it abso lutely triumphant, mammon would sit justr whore lie was before. In roading the Ne\v: Testament— reading it, that is, ns if the Master actually meant something, and that the best thing, equally when I10 spoko tmd when ho was silent, he liad marked tne great in difference of the Lord as to tlio convincing of tho understanding : when they knew the tiling itself, then they would understand its relations and its reasons— certainly not before. If truth belonged to tho human soul, thon that Bonl ' was able to see it and know it : if it did the truth, it took therein tho first possiblo, anil almost the last necessary, step towards under standing it. ' ' ' Miss Graemo caught his look, and Innsf have understood its expression if not tho causd of it, for licr face became of a 'more than rdsy red, and the conversation grew crumbly. It was'a half holiday,- and Donal stayed to tea with them, and after it went over the farm buildings with Jfr. Graeme, revealing such', a practical knowledge of all that" was going off there that his entertainer soon saw he must treat him as one whose opinion was worth something whether his fancies were or hot; And so began an acquaintance which, in the ' absence of others which might have been more attractive on either side, ripened into an inti macy, and thence into a. friendship, which was a great comfort to Donal; for, however capablo- of living alone, he was as ready as any man' tq flourish afresh In genial human atmospheres! He that loveth not his brother whom he hatll seen, how shall he love God whom he liath not seen ? 