ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. Thh politicians are getting terribly fidgety at St. the, time I am-writing at to the probable result of tbe next batch of election!, They trill be all over'by the time The Week gets into the-hinds' of the balk of its readers, hut hot 'in time for me to give the results here. It is supposed that this lot trill definitely decide the fate of the Ministry in the nejr .Parliament either .one way or the other, and, therefore, a tremendous effort, a shear deadLift, so to say, is to be made by the Miriiiteriel supporters to get their men in. Bulimba, Fassifern, Maranoa, Northern Downs) Gympie, Wide Boy, Clermont, and Townsville, areall supplied with the requisite number of candidates of tho true Ministerial tint, although some of them, have to call themselves "In dependent," 'because, being as a rule more rabidly Ministerial than tbe Ministers them selTes,'or depending entirely ou the Ministry to;provide them with the means of. support if thjiy^get' elected, it would injure their ehanoes of eleotion to dsclare them selves in their true character. Both tides in each' oft the electorates named make 11.hock. sure"_of getting their own men returned 7jj#s.is usually the case -hut as this is impossi bleit is safe, to prediot that one side will be woefully disappointed. I should not like to i*y whioh'side it nil be, but if. Hamilton gets returned for Gympio,.'Xing for Wide Bay, Gibson for Bulimba, or Haygarth for Pas site rn —they . will. have to work the oracle more adroitly than has ever before been done in this colony. Morohead, through an accident that everybody with a spark of human feoling must Binceroly deplore, will havo a walk-over in tho Balonue, and Macrossan may pull off tho Townsville event, but it will. take, all : he and his committee know to-accomplish the task. Anyway, wo shall know all about it by this time next week, and in tho meantime I for ono shall he able to await toe result with becoming fortitude and resigna tion. . Even though all tlio Ministerial candi dates aro victorious this week I hope to bo able to '• keep my hair on," as tho man says in tho pl»y. There are worse things than even that happen at sea—especially, when tlio ship sinks. Eureka ! Eureka! I have discoiorcd him at lost! Tlioro is, after all, a real genuine "Independent" candidate before tho electors. A'man who is neither a cowsrd, sneak, hypo crate; humbug, si1 tor on the fence, ignoramus, nor dilettante politician, hut an honest, 'intelli gent gentleman, who is quite / in earnest, and who says what ho means, ; and evidently means what ' he says. ~ 11 allude to the Hon: B. "B." Moroton,''who is; a candidate for tho Burnett), I sincerely liopo he will get elected, becauso ho is a man. in whom I have great confidence and can- heartily rospect. when I- don't agroo with' him in opinion. ■' I re membor tho Hon. B. B. when ho was in Parlia ment: before. ' Ho is a vory good sample of the "fine old'Englisligcntlemoh; ono of the olden time"—jf you understand me. • Mr. Moroton •ddrosied tho electors at Gayndah last Monday week, as I seo by tho Maryborough Chronicle, and made a capital speech. Hb esid- ho preferrod to como forward -as an independent candidate becauso it had been nino years ' sinco '' he. was ■ in- Par liament before,' and during that timo old party lines and landmarks had beou shifted eo considerably that lio should • really require a littlu timo to look about him, - if bo got tlioro again, and- nscortain who was -who and what sros wliat before he could .say for certain which, party would havo most of his support. "But he wound up hi. speeoh with the foUowing confe.-1 •ion of political faith® | B'ttltog people men ot narrow „„^!1 lol»> 80 «? to enable bO ftlterod l ,,m 0V rrill have to MnTOUn iS'™1 think that the white i difficulty is ?inf «« 18 Slacks. But the nt corfcain rimnn , plants! ions labour ia required \--COr tim0? Perhaps the white labouris not , - —-i'w<u<>piM.utrwmtoiaoour1snot procurable, and ownere must keep men on regularly to be utilised on such occasions. If it is possible to keep kanakas on plantations, well and good; but I would rathor boo them restricted from coming to the i country altogether, than allow them to go into the j interior. I am in farour of payment ot members, because it increases your choics of representatives, for very many men dt honesty, intelligence, end ability, who would be desirous of serving their country, are excludod for want of means. I am riot one of those who can mn abont and solicit votes— who can go frontdoor to door with my cap in my hand. But if my views coincido with yours npou the prin ciples I have enunciated, it is your duty to give mo your support, and I consider the system of asking for votes niost pernicious, and at variance with tbo true nrinciples of representative Government. A man who holds such opinions as the above, and is prepared to give effect to them in Parlia ment as often as the opportunity offers, can be safely trusted to call himself what he liker. 1 ■wish there were more candidates of this sort available. Words like those above quoted have | the true ring with them—don't you think ? Whether it is some mental defect in me, or moral tvrist, or. pudding- headedness, or what tlie 7ankees call " generalTcussedness," I have never been able to decide, but there is some thing that invariably compels me to view things in a different light from that in which the general public view them, and arrive at odd conclusions not intended or desired by the person who. may happen to furnish the data I hays been gravely informed that it is very wicked to do anything of the | kind, and if. to the more is my misfortune, because I cannot help doing it, and do not quite realise the extent of tho miaohief until it is accomplished past all undoing. Iam always catching, myself at this trick. For instance, there was that beautiful lecture by Mr. J. A Olarke, at the Temperance Hall, last Friday evebing week, on the " Political Aspects of the Temperance Question." The following statis tics quoted by the lecturer struck me as being startling, to say the least, and fastsnsd them selves upon my imagination with wonderful vividness : — The expenditure on drink in Great Britain for last year was £133,501,000, which wai a million and a half mora than the total revenne from house and landed property, the receipts from the former being £75,000,000, and from the latter £60,000,000. . . . Dr. W. B. Bichardson had testified that the direct annual deaths caused by indulgence in alcoholic drinkB in tho United Kingdom were 40,500, and deaths from disease end violence arising from Intemperance 81,000, the total annual mortality through drink being 121,500. The nnnnnl earnings of the working classes wero estimated at £333,000,000, of which it woe com puted that about ono-iifth, or £60,030,000, woe spent in drink. I suppose the proper sort of reflections to make on the above figures would- be in the direction of teetotelism, and the proper conclusions, to arrive at would be a new and overpowering sense of the duty of " putting in the peg " at once and " swearing off " for ever—as an ex ample to the rest. But this was not how the figures affected me-not a bit of it—quite the other way. The first definite thought in my mind was that if everybody was teetotal, and moral, and law-abiding, and this 121,600 deathB every year wero prevented, and crime and pauperism were abolished—how tho i dickors should we all manage to get a living ? Tho competition in nearly all trades and pro fessions now, except the very lowest, is exceed ingly severe, but under existing circumstances second and even third class men gel a chance because the cleverest are often handicapped by their predilection for what poor Artemns Ward called " the iloin' bole." If a very clever pro. fessional man is in the hsbitof getting tipsy he not only loses custom which thereby goes to a less clever man in the samo line who keeps sober, but, if Mr. Clarke's figures are to bo relied on, the clever tippler not only shortens his days but he helps to icako up tho number of tho:o who sborton the days of other clever tipplers and gets into " cliokee" a good portion of his timo if he escapes hanging. But if all this was put an end to; if all the very clever men, nevor tripped in any way, and lived honoured, respected, and employed for the whole term of their natural lives—there would not be a ghost of a charioe for the less clever. These were the kind of reflections that ran through my mind— a wholo mob of them. Of course they wore very improper, but just work out tho problem on thoso lines yourself, my dear roador, and let mo kjjow the solution you arrivo at. Intoxi cating drink is a bad thing no doubt, but if indulgence iti it gives the sober dull fellows the tremondous chances desoribed by Mr. Olarke, you and I had better not say too much against it—eh ? . ' ' • Man is horn to troublo, as the-sparks fly upwards, and somo ovon seem born to their own arid half 'a doien^othor fellows troubles. Tho abioluto certainty with which somo men make a' moss of it, while they, are striving their utmost not to do it, is, a profound mystery to me. . It is easy enough to say they lire "born to it,"-huttliat does not got rid of t he difficulty—why should they be born to it ? But-1 am getting too metaphysical. What I wanted to say was that tho very efforts somo men mako to sternly and rigidly perform,their duty under difficult circumstances leads them nto greatest trdublti. A striking illustration of bhis occurred at Sandgate not many days 1 igo. A lady who, if not the very highest,' t is certainly among the highest in the J land, was down there alone, and wanted 1 bo come bach to Brisbane; Her watch was 1 i little slow or'something of the hind, and t she just got down to the station in time i bo see the train moving away forty or fifty yards 1 ahead. That particular engine-driver had a t female relative down at Sandgate about the size 1 of the lady above referfed to, and he expected ] she would go bach to Brisbane by hie train, l and she had not turned np to time. When, therefore, he - saw a little lady alight from a cab on to the plat* 1 form, and wave her handkerchief to him i in an eicited manner, he determined in < his own mind to teach that procrastinating 1 female relative of . his a lesion she would not I soon forget, and, therefore, waved his handier- i chief in return most excitedly, but still kept on i the even tenour of his way. This made the 1 lady on the platform madder than ever, and quite convinced her that it was done for the 1 express purpose of insulting her. How that engine-drivef will get out of the scrape I do not know—the - sentence* then passed upon him by the irate lady who was left behind, and to whom the driver mockingly waved his handkerchief, was that he would be hanged, drawn, and quartered, or something of the kind, io soon' as she could let her husband know the orime and who committed it j while the culprit went serenely on under the sweet assurance that he had not allowed his natural affections to permit him to swerve one hairs breadth from the path of duty—and wondering what would be the present he would have to make to the little lady which would bo most likely to make her kiss and make it up for being left behind. 