CHAPTER II WAS IT A GHOST? " Take any shape but that, and my firm nerves Shall never tremble." —Shakespeare. The station to which we have led our two travellers was situated far off the beaten track, and in the ranges which border upon Gippsland, Victoria. The surrounding country was also a terra incognita, and but a few venturous spirits had taken up land for pastoral purposes. Travellers were very few, and when hands were required they had to be fetched a long distance. Efforts were continually made to conciliate the natives for the purpose of giving them employment, but without avail; they were too crafty and bloodthirsty, and consequently had to be kept at a distance. Those white men who found their way into the ranges were gene- rally shady in character, and needed concealment from the eye of the law; but labour being so scarce they were eagerly welcomed, and no questions asked. As a rule they honestly discharged the duties they undertook, and it was only under an intense desire to move further, or the possession of a heavy cheque, that they changed their residences—in the latter case to the nearest public-house, perhaps one hun- dred miles away. Under such circumstances the reader may imagine that Harry Vanton and Bill Conway were eagerly welcomed by the owner. Mr. Bratton, of Carmucka, had vacancies for a shepherd and hutkeeper, two of his men having left him somewhat suddenly the pre- vious day, and Harry accepted the former employment, while the latter was eagerly embraced by Bill. So a bargain was struck, and our friends engaged themselves for the ensuing twelve months. . The next morning they started for their hut, some miles further in the ranges, their swags being placed along with a bag of flour, sugar, and other necessary articles in a bullock wagon. On their way they were en- lightened by the driver as to many circum- stances in connection with the station, and were solemnly informed that the place to which they were going was haunted, and that1 that was the reason why the men had left. "You know, mates," he said "it ain't pleasant to have to do with a ghost. I ain't afeard of anythink—no, not a tribe of blacks —but to see a thing without flesh and blood, and yet looking like a murdered man, and to hear it speak, why, hang it, I say its blood- curdling.; I couldn't stand it. "Crikey," said Bill, " I never seen a ghost yet, and—vell, 'I vouldn't mind shaking hands with one. I ain't 'afraid." "But whose ghost is it supposed to be?" enquired Harry. "Ah! that's it, mate ; no one knows," replied the bullock-driver, cracking his whip, "There's ne'er a one been murdered in these parts—leastways not in cold blood. Some have died suddint like, but it's been in fair upstanding fight. Yes, no one knows, and that's what makes it awful I say." Under the stimulus of fear it was evident that "Bullocky" meant to return to Car- mucka that night, and so the out station was reached before the sun had attained its meridian. Having unloaded his dray as quickly as possible, he started on his return journey, leaving Harry and Bill in possession. Here they had to wait some time, as the overseer who was in charge of the flock had not yet tuned up. Truly the place had a gloomy appearance. The hut, seated at the foot of a steep mountain, whose rocky side sprang almost from the back, faced a narrow valley or gully, down which a small stream continually trickled. Steep ridges were on either hand, scantily clothed with 'dwarf' timber—trees that seemed to have been blasted in their early growth. Close to the hut was a rush- bound pool, with its water still and black ; one monster gumtree that had been dead for many years standing near the brink, and spreading its gaunt and blanched limbs over the hut. On one side, where the hill was not so steep, was the sheepyard, with its brush fence, while on the other, between two she- oaks, was the gallows at which sheep were slaughtered for the use of the hut. Suspended from it, and enclosed in a bag, was the carcass of a sheep, which in the dim shadows that always hungover the place looked like a human body. The hut itself was sub- stantially built of logs, and roofed with bark. In place of windows were two square holes, one on each side of the door; a curtain made from a flourbag, black with smoke and age, flapping disconsolately from one. " Well, this yer seems pleasant," said Bill. "I should think if I wos a ghost I'd find a more pleasant place than this yer. But, however, here goes to make things comfort- able." With that he picked up a log and carried it inside, lighted a fire, put on the pot for tea, and proceeded to sweep up the hut and arrange the bunks. By the time this was done and a leg of mutton put down to roast, the sheep were heard approaching, and they both went to meet the overseer, and assisted to place them in the yard for the purpose of tallying out again ere Harry took formal possession. " Good day tae ye, my lads," exclaimed the overseer, as he jumped off his horse, " ye hae made muckle haste. I didna think ye wad be here for an hour ortwa. The work, how'er, will be the suner o'er and I can gang back to Carmucka the nicht." In a short time the work was accomplished, and the overseer and his friends went to the hut to dinner. During the subsequent smoke Harry was informed as to the boundaries of his run and other necessary particulars. Above all things he was warned to be ever on the watch against the blacks, and never to leave the hut without his gun. "You ken, mon, they are vera treacherous. Whiles they are quiet, and then whiles they are a set of murdering thieves, and ye dinna ken when they're aboot. We havna seen ane for this mony a day, nor dinna want, but they aft come when least expectit." "Oh, that's all right," said Harry. - "I'll look out for them. I don't think they'll catch me asleep. But what about the ghost ?" " The ghaist is it ye are speering aboot?" said McDougall—Red McDougall he was called on account of the colour of his hair. " Ay, I ken that blathering fule ' Bullocky' hae been telling ye. An what like did he say it was ?" "Oh, I didn't take much notice, but he said something about a murdered man," "Ay, the fule," was the reply;" yet, lad, I willna mislead ye altogether," he said after a pause. " They dae say a ghaist walks aboot the place, but mon"—and here he sank his voice almost to a whisper—"I dinna think its a ghaist—I believe it's waur—a man wi' harm intil him. Ane o' they folk that a dune mony to death; and fear o' the world's anger, and freehtened o' the sperits that wanner up and doon they hide away and kep on their work to kill—kill—kill. I ay lain o' nichts on yon range wi my rifle cockit for a shot, but I ne'er had a chance. Gin ye see him shoot, for, mon, he's flesh and bluid." With this parting advice McDougall jumped on his horse and cantered away, leaving Harry and Bill to their cogitations. Bill soon recovered his spirits, and then set himself to bring in wood for the night, mak- ing the ranges ring as he sung " Mary Blaine," a song that had been the rage in London ere he quitted it. Meanwhile the sheep were quietly feeding in the adjacent rises, only stopping their nibbling occasionally to raise their heads in wonderment as Bill struck some note in his song more energetically, than usual. Quickly the shadows of night stole on. Long ere the sun had set the hut was involved in the darkening mists. Far overhead a golden cloud or two lay motionless, changing, however, as the sun declined, to delicate pink, then purple, and finally fading to grey and black. Harry and Bill had now yarded the sheep, and were seated smoking on a bench outside the door of the hut. There was something oppressive in the atmosphere of the place, and not a word passed between them. All was as still as death—not even the distant cawing of a crow. So still that even the faint crackle from the fire inside reached their ears. Harry was lost in a reverie, and his eyes were closed, when he was suddenly recalled to himself by the outstretched hand of Bill laid upon his shoulder, while the other was pointed in the direction of a granite boulder on the side of the range. "Look, look," he said in a lower whisper; "the ghost—the ghost." Harry looked in the direction, and then saw that the figure of a man, involved in a sort of luminous mist, was coming downthe range towards the hut. It appeared to glide rather than walk, and as it drew near it seemed to moan in agony. With a cry Bill sank senseless to the ground; but Harry, remembering the words of McDougall, rushed into the hut for his gun, and returning, pointed it and fired at the figure, now close to the fold, and within a hundred yards of him. When the smoke cleared away nothing was to be seen, and though a cautious search was made by Harry and Bill—the latter having recovered on hearing the shot—not a trace of their visitor was to be found. A troubled sleep awaited our friends that night. 