Local & General News. AMONG recent novelties imported from England by the mail steamers are confec- tionary goods, of which Mr. Medcraf has some fine samples. Young ladies should take in their sweethearts, and let them see the lovely ornaments for bride's cakes. FINDING his business in its different depart- ments is largely increasing, Mr. G. S. Curtis has secured the services of Mr. L. Bacchi. A portion of tbe large auction room has been partitioned off, and there Mr. Bacchi is daily engaged in drawing out plans of the numerous allotments for sale by his principal. At the same time he affords all information to intend- ing buyers and sellers of landed property, and will facilitate matters generally in that department. We published a telegram recently to the effect that a riot occurred among the crew and immigrants on board the Bulimba, s.s., at Thursday Island. A Townsville paper says the fact is a lot of the sleight-of-hand gentle- men came on board to practice their skill and gull the new arrivals, to which the captain ob- jected, and, as they refused to pay their fare, they were put on shore by the crew, after some rough handling. The Police Magistrate of Cooktown, wanted Captain Clarke to remain and prosecute, which was out of the question. OUR Clermont correspondent informs us of a fire having occurred at Copperfield, three miles from Clermont, which destroyed the residence of Mr. Charles Huston. From the tenor of the telegram it would appear Mr. Huston and family lost everything, and in addition some cash. If we mistake not the Huston referred to is the driver of Cobb and Co.'s coach travelling between the Railway Terminus and Clermont. He was familiarly known as "Charlie," and travellers have fre- quently spoken of him in high terms as one of the best whips in Cobb's western mail ser- vice. WE are so intimately, and closely connected with the Lake's Creek works that any items of intelligence connected with tinned meats have an interest for us. We have read, therefore, with some amusement, a paragraph in a home paper stating that the latest novelty in the gastronomic business is tinned whale. An enterprising Norwegian, has determined to introduce this article of diet into the market. He has tinned some of the best portions of the whale, and gave a dinner in which he proved that the dish is both palatable and nutritious. Some parts can be made into excellent imitation turtle soup. Porpoises are plentiful on the Queensland coast, and might be utilised in the same way. A CURIOUS contest is reported by a home paper to have taken place recently in the har- rest field. The contest, which was under the auspices of the Church of England Temperance Society, was for £5. and was the result of a bet at a public meeting at Salisbury, and was between Mr. Terrill, a Wiltshire farmer who challenged his opponent, Mr. Abbey, an Oxfordshire farmer and lecturer for the Society. The issue was who could do the most work in the harvest field, the former on beer and the latter on water only. Fifteen acres to each pitcher were allowed. Mr. Terrill from the first held a very considerable lead, and at four o'clock the ground cleared by him was 15a. 3r. 10p., and by Mr. Abbey 14a. 3r. The result of this match, which created great interest in the country and in Salisbury, was that Mr. Terrill won a vic- tory for alcohol in clever style by above an acre of pitching. The remainder of the Dnke of Devonshire's immigrants were brought np to town on Fri day about one o'clock to the steam launch MabeL They number seventeen, and are a fine looking lot of men, 0a arrival they were escorted to the DepAt, where they were made comfortable by the wardsman, Mr. Beasley. Those who have friends in the old country and wish to send them Christmas cards should remember they must be despatched by next mail via Torres Straits, in order to arrive at Christmastide. Beau tifully illuminated cards, made charac teristic of the climate, scenery, and products of Australia, have been issued by several manufacturers in the south, and a fine collec tion of these is open for selection in the shop of Mr. William Hopkics. From specimens submitted to us we conclude that all purses and tastes may be easily suited. Alderman Allen has just received an in teresting letter from Mr. Bonwick, which throws much light upon the working of our Immigration Service. The proposal for a united system of emigration has met with favourable consideration among Primitive Methodists, but no practical action has been taken. The Church clergy more than dissent ing ministers favour emigration, though why this should be so we cannot under stand, and the writer fails to explain. The Liberal press he also states give more encouragement to emigration to America than to our colonies. Notwith standing numerous misrepresentations have been made regarding Queensland, that slavery prevails in it, and that immigrants had died in hundreds at the northern ports, the colony was very popular ; and now the Emigration Office is blocked with applications. It is most interesting to learn from Mr. Bonwick's com munication that emigration has had little effect in ameliorating the condition of the working classes in some rural districts. Farm labourers, who earn only twelve shillings a week, and out of that have to maintain a family and pay house rent, hear with longing of the big wages men earn in this country. They are so miserably poor that they cannot afford to pay their passage to the port of em barkation and for the ship's kit to be used on board. Mr. Bonwick thinks the £10 subsidy scheme will work well. The art of transferring from nature to canvas, the inspiration created by the pros pect of beautiful scenery, is so little under stood, and so seldom practised in this colony, that we derived peculiar pleasure on Friday in examining a series of sketches in sepia, from the brush of Mr. Percy Dodgson. A glance at these show that Mr. Dodgson is a true artist. He has an eye to the elements of beauty in a landscape ; the skill required to transfer these to paper or canvas ; and the taste necessary to impart a realistic finish to his pictures. Mr. Dodgson has been resident for some time at Collaroy Station, and has be come familiar with the scenery in the St. Law rence district. Amongst the happiest of his efforts is a view from the verandah of the post office at St Lawrence. The aspect of mere and woodland has been caught with excellent effect. A view of Collaroy Station is perhaps one of the best specimens in Mr. Hodgson's possession at present. It is strikingly charac teristic of the scenery of Queensland coast country, and at the same time has peculiar scenic attractions. In the centre of the prospect is the head station, gracing the crest of a rounded bluff rising in the centre of a cleared amphitheatre among bush-clad hills. We have no doubt the repre sentation is faithful, but apart altogether from that the picture has real artistic merits. A near view of the station will interest those familiar with it. There are also several views of Tooloombah and the country around it, all more or less attractive. Some of these views are about to be reproduced by photography, and we have no doubt they will come out well from the camera of Mr. Lundager. Mr. Dodgson is at present temporarily resident in this locality, and we are pleased to learn that we are likely to have views of the fine scenery in the vicinity of Taranganba and Yeppoon from his brush. At the Police Court on Friday, before the Police Magistrate, Ah Sam, Chinese gardener at Woodend, was charged with having com mitted a breach of the municipal byelaws by unlawfully permitting certain matter, viz., the blood of an animal, to be upon the land occupied by him in such a state as to cause an offensive smell. Mr. Jones appeared for the Inspector of Nuisances, and Mr. Brumm for the defendant. Mr. Thomas Rutherford, In spector of Nuisances, in his evidence stated that he went to Ah Sam's garden on the day alluded to, and saw animal blood in a hollow log sunk perpendicularly into the ground ; he examined it and the smell was very offensive — frightful. In answer to Mr. Brumm he said that he remembered a case some time ago against Ah Dye for a similar offence, but he could not swear that the blood had been there ever since that time ; it was in consequence of complaints made to him he went to the garden, where he saw nearly a quarter of a cask full of water and blood mixed in the log ; there was less stuff than when he summoned Ah Dye. Sam Young was sworn in as interpreter, and for the defence Ah Sam stated that he remem bered Ah Dye being summoned for placing blood on the land in the garden, but he did not see it put there ; he had worked there every day for two months past, and had never seen any blood placed on the ground since then ; he did not know how long the blood in the logs in the garden had been there. The defendant was fined 20s. with 10s. 6d. professional costs and 3s. 6d. costs of Court ; in default of payment levy and distress. Ah Chee, gardener, Lion Creek Road, was also charged wuh unlawfully permitting blood and entrails of an animal to be upon his land in such a condition as to cause an offensive smell. Mr. Jones appeared for the Inspector and Mr. Brumm for the defendant, who, however, did not come before the Court. The Police Magistrate ordered a fresh warrant to be sworn, and a warrant to be issued for the arrest of Ah Chee. The Observer says the inmates at Dunwich will most likely strike if the leper is sent among them. Our readers may be interested in knowing that the little boy who was found by Miss Nash on Friday evening, and taken by her to her mother's residence, has been restored to his guardians. He was claimed on Saturday morning as an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum. It certainly seems strange that although the little fellow was missed by those in charge of him, the matter was not reported to the police. The Straits Times of September 20 says :— The foot and mouth disease has again made its appearance amongst horned cattle in Singa pore, more especially among those imported from Siam. We are informed that in a yard at the lower part of Waterloo-street, there are no less than thirty- four cattle suffering from this disease, and these, we believe, are recently imported cattle. It is probable that, as the disease is very contagious, it will again spread throughout the place unless prompt measures are taken to check it. — We hope our authorities will keep a lookout for dogs and other vehicles of contagion on the B.L.S.N. Co.'s steamers. The annual meeting of the Johnsonian Club was held on Saturday week, the president, Mr. Horace Earle (in the chair). After the adoption of the report and the balance-sheet, and the appointment of a new club-house sub-committee, the election of officers for 1884 was proceeded with resulting as follows : —President : Mr. Carl A Feilberg. Vice president : Mr. A. J. Carter. Treasurer : Mr. Horace Earle. librarian : Mr. H. Willoughby. Secretary. Mr. Reginald C. Miller. Committee : Mr. J. A. Clarke, Mr. J. C. Stanley. Dr. Lyons, Mr. J. G. Drake, Mr. L. A. Bernays, F.L.S., and Mr. J. G Anderson. Auditors : Mr. A. J. Boyd and Mr. J. F. G. Foxton, M.L.A. A home paper says London will soon be spread with a network of tramway lines. In South London new lines are springing up with surprising rapidity. The system in that neighbourhood is of a very extensive character and by means of H Camberwell, Brixton, Stockwell, Vauxhall, Wandsworth, Battersea, Lambeth, and Southwark will be placed in inter-communication. A portion of the new lines runs through thoroughfares containing property of a superior class, and in these streets the tramway company have, in obedience to the wishes of the inhabitants, laid down wood paving in lieu of the granite blocks, which are employed in the construction of the other portions of the tramway. Tram ways will not be introduced in the West-end ; the carriage traffic is too great, and the damage to them and high- priced horses is not to be tolerated. The Colonial Secretary (says the Courier of Monday) has received telegrams from Mr. Armit, special correspondent of the Argus, and the Rev. J. C. Chalmers, conveying substantially the same information in regard to recent land transactions in New Guinea as that given in our telegrams on Saturday. Mr. Armit adds -. — " There is a great ferment among the natives who never knew that the trade was for land. Your action in annexing has drawn the attention of the whole world to New Guinea, and England cannot hold aloof now, but must protect the natives from designing whites. The natives are a fine industrious race, who will not submit tamely to be robbed. All dealings between indivi duals and natives should be strictly pro hibited, and some officer should be sent over, pending the decision of the Imperial Govern ment. If something is not done at once, I forsee grave complications, whereas peace and friendly relations can be easily maintained by prompt and energetic action. The Kabadi district of New Guinea supplies the inhabi tants on a coast line of sixty miles with one half of what they consume. By taking the and the whites will close the supply and endeavour to force the natives to work on plantations by destroying their trade, the source of their present wealth and inde pendence." At the Police Court on Saturday, before the Police Magistrate, two drunkards were cautioned and discharged. Ah Chee appeared to answer a charge preferred against him, by the Inspector of Nuisances, of having com mitted a breach of the Municipal byelaws, by allowing the blood and entrails of an animal to remain in his garden on the Lion Creek Road, and which emitted an offensive smell. Mr. Jones appeared for the prosecutor, and Mr. Brumm for the defendant, who pleaded guilty. He was fined 20s. and ordered to pay £1 1s. professional costs, 8s. costs of Court, and 10s. witness' costs ; in default levy and distress. Joseph Hughes was charged with stealing a vest, a pair of new boots, and a flannel shirt, from George Power, of the Alma Hotel. Detective Clark deposed to arresting prisoner on the above charge, but previous to doing so he asked him if he had sold a waistcoat to Mr. Dunbar about two months ago, and he replied "No, I pledged three there ;" he showed him a waistcoat, and asked him if he sold it to the gentleman referred to about two months ago, and he replied in the negative : he then arrested him. George Power, landlord of the Alma Hotel, deposed that prisoner had been staying at his place for the last three months ; there were some articles belonging to witness in the room where prisoner slept ; he missed a waistcoat, pair of boots, and a flannel shirt, and after wards saw the waistcoat in Dunbar's pawn shop ; the one produced was his property ; he gave prisoner in charge on Friday for stealing the thioga mentioned, which he missed about five days ago. Robert Dunbar deposed that about two months ago prisoner pawned some articles with him, among which were several waistcoats ; the shirt produced he bought from Hughes ; it was the one he handed to Detective Clark on Friday. The prisoner elected to be dealt with summarily, and pleading not guilty was fined 6s.; in default of payment twenty-four hours' imprisonment. The butchers of Toowoomba having raised tbe price of meat, the consumers have set about the formation of a co-operative butcher ing company. On the 19th. alt., in the Supreme Court, in insolvency, a certificate of discharge was granted to John Swan, hotelkeeper, of Cler mont, who was adjudicated insolvent on the 13th January, 1882. The last set of elections is that for the Cook electorate for which two members are returnable. The election takes place on the 30th instant and the following have been nominated :— Messrs. F. A. Cooper. J. Hamil ton, T. Campbell, and C. Lumley Hill. A prospectus has been issued and steps are being taken to form a Tramway Company in Townsville. The Townsvilleans are appa rently going about the business in a proper manner, and will get the support of the public as their reward. We understand that the case against Mrs. Fanny Williams, heard at the Bogantungan Police Court, was dismissed. The accused who is a well-known hotel-keeper, was charged with forging and uttering three cheques pur porting to be signed by W. Keenan. Mr. Melbourne appeared for the defendant. John Kastner, a stockman on Yarrol Station, Burnett district, was killed while riding after cattle on 12th instant. His horse dashed him against a tree. Mr. Cidler had the body brought into the station, and reported the occurrence to the police at Mount Perry. The following telegram was received here Wednesday by Senior-sergeant Graham from Clermont ; — ''Mrs. O'Sullivan, mother of twenty-one (sons), over eighty years of age, missing from her home, Theresa and Douglas Creeks, Copperfield, since Sunday last ; likely strayed in bush and lost ; police and others out in search of her." Moore's Creek Bridge is still in a shaky condition. Nothing is being done to permit of vehicular traffic across it, and pedestrians have to pick their steps carefully. It has been suggested that a new bridge should be constructed in line with Lake's Creek Road tbe alignment of which is fixed. In that event the new bridge would be on high ground and above flood level. As it is the present structure is submerged in flood time. Probably the new corporation will give the matter im mediate consideration, when the aldermen get properly into harness. We understand that arrangements have been completed for the celebration of the opening oi the new Fire Brigade Station. It has been decided to organise a grand procession to take place on the morning of the Prince of Wales Birthday. In the afternoon a banquet will be held in the meeting-room in the new building and in the evening a masquerade concert will be in full swing. The Brigade intend, it will be seen by above, having a 'good house warming,' as the Superintendent intimated when the contract was let for the erection of the station. The Post and Telegraph Department notify for general information that telegraph messages from remitters to payees of telegraph money orders, advising remittances through tbe post office, must be handed over to and be retained by the paying officer ; and, therefore, in future, telegraph money orders will be issued only on this condition. The payees of the orders will accordingly be required to give up such messages to the paying officer before payment. Remitters should simply advise payees of the remittance and not in clude any private matter in the message. On several occasions we have published telegrams respecting the very fast trips made by steamers trading to and from this port. The latest fastest trip on record was according to information posted on the Telegraph Ship ping Board, made by tbe Burwah. s.s. That steamer is stated to have left Keppel Bay at 7.30 a.m. on Wednesday and arrived at Maryborough at 12.15 p.m. Thus the voyage was accomplished within the six hours. This is a little too fast to be a fact. As the Barwah left here on Tuesday afternoon the presumption is she cleared the Bay in the evening. For some time past ample shipping information was afforded the public at the Telegraph Office, but judging from the scanty intelligence posted Wednesday there was a lamentable display of want of energy on the part of the Telegraph Department. The Towers Dramatic Company made their first appearance before a Rockhampton audience in the Theatre Royal on Monday, and were welcomed by a large number of playgoers. They chose for the opening piece a slightly sensational drama, entitled ' A Waif of the Streets.' The Company is a very good one, and some of the members are well known on the stage. There is great attraction in the acting of Miss Katie Towers as the waif Miggs, Miss Kate Douglas as Rosa Leigh, Mr. Frank Towers as Props, and Mr. Balfe as Herbert Carlyle. Miss Towers was very happy as Miggs, and enacted the part with much humour and dramatic powers, which give promise of future excellence. Her dialogue with Props was particularly amusing, and she sang two songs fairly well. Mr Towers was in his element in the comic situations, and was irresistibly funny. Miss Douglas was very much appreciated, especially in the emotional parts. This lady has been in the foremost rank of the profession for many years, and appears to have very much im proved. Her enunciation was clear and acting vigorous. Mr. Balfe gave a gentlemanly pour trayal of the character of Herbert Carlyle, and that stage veteran, Mr. Hasker, made a stately Baronet. Mrs. Towers, Miss Duke, and Mr. Baker in their respective roles rendered able assistance, and helped to make the piece run admirably. The evening's entertainment con cluded with 'Le Chalet,' an operetta, in which the musical capabilities of the Company were displayed to the satisfaction of the auditors. To-night an emotional drama entitled "Maggie's Dream" will be produced. A valuable draught stallion was lately imported from Sydney by Mr. W. McMillan for his Maneroo Station. He is a pure Clydesdale, named Young King of Kilbride. foaled in September, 1880, and got by the im ported horse Prince of Kilbride from Grace Darling, by Prince Charlie (imp ). Prince of Kilbride was imported from Scotland. From a lengthy pedigree forwarded as by Messrs. B. D. Morehead and Co. we are convinced this latest addition to Mr. M'MiUan's well selected stad should prove invaluable, as his breeding is of au undeniable character* Os a perusal of the Goverwmeid Oazelte of the J3th instant, we notice that there are ova one hundred allotments of land in the Towns ville municipality that no rates have been paid on for the last four years, and unless all rates and expenses in connection therewith are paid before the 1st December, the land will be taken possession of by the Town Council and let oo lease, in accordance with the provisions of the LocaJ Government tbe TowosviUe people will benefit greatly by having their revenue augmented. The funds will enable them to carry out some works that could not otherwise be done for some. An inquiry was held on Monday afternoon in the Court House, Rockhampton, before Dr. W. F. Thurston, J.P.. into the cause of death of a South Sea Islander named Farrangua. Mr. John Macdonald stated he was manager of the Pandora Sugar Company and knew the deceased was a Solomon Islander, who was No. 37 on the list. Deceased arrived at the plantation about a month ago. He was then very ill and unable to work, and witness believed suffered from consumption. Deceased was so bad witness had cornflour and arrowroot and other strengthening foods cooked for him. Medicine was obtained for him from a chemist and Dr. Poland, who was at the plantation, was told the particulars. The doctor said it was no use for him to see the Islander, as the case was hopeless. Every possible care was taken of the deceased, who was very much reduced in frame. Deceased died on the 10th instant, two or three days after Dr. Poland was there. The doctor was not called in pro fessionally, but casually visited the plantation, and witness asked his opinion. Witness was well acquainted with the diseases of Kanakas, and the remedies applied. This was all the evidence taken, and the depositions will be forwarded to the Attorney-General in due course. The Courier says a petition has been presented to the Acting Governor against the return of the Hon. P. Perkins for Aubigny. The petitioners allege that no poll was taken on the Westbrook homestead area ; but that the Westbrook head station, which is not a proclaimed polling place, was substituted. They also allege that about 150 electors voted twice or oftener, and that a great deal of personation took place. Another ground of complaint is that Mr. Perkins supplied divers electors with drink, with a view to in fluence their vote, that he kept open numbers of places of entertainment with the same object: that he used undue influence as a Minister of the Crown over persons employed on the Government works ; that divers electors were, by violence and threats of violence, prevented from voting ; that the returning officer, with the knowledge of Mr Perkins or his agents, made use of threats and promises to influence electors in favour of that candidate. The petitioners pray, on these grounds, that the petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Qualifications, and that the election be declared void ; also that Mr. Perkins be declared to have been guilty of bribery and corruption, and to be disqualified from sitting and voting in the Legislative Assembly until the next general election. On dit in Brisbane Observer:— That, accord ing to the Rev. C. M'Culloch, Presbyterianism must have been the outcome of an after thought of primitive Christianity. That it was fortunate that the men who lived in the time of the Saviour were not pupils of the "great masters" of the theological school of Presbyterianism. That otherwise it would have been extremely difficult for the great Founder of Christianity to have made up the full complement of his twelve disciples. That it is quite probable that the dislike of Presbyterian ministers and laymen for "tailor" preachers would have extended to "fisher men" and "carpenters." That possibly the recognised fact that it takes nine tailors to make one man may account for the impassible barrier to "tailor" preachers finding their way into the Presbyterian ministry. That, according to McCulloch, no Presbyterian would have stopped to hear the disciples preach, seeing that of most of them it is written "they were unlearned and ignorant" men. That, if McCulloch is to be believed, Paul's tent-making business would have raised a knotty point on the question of his eligi bility for the Presbyterian ministry. That the ''two sons of Zebedee,' whom the Saviour found "mending their nets" when He appointed them to His ministry, would not have passed. That as for Peter, the fisherman, he would not have stood a ghost of a chance. That the severe intellectual curri culum of the Presbyterian Church may account for the want of unanimity amongst its preachers as to what they believe. That the "much learning" of its savant preachers may have had the same effect upon them as Festus thought a similar qualification had upon the Apostle Paul. That McCul loch 's attack on Primitive Methodists, Wesleyans, and Congregationalists admits of no other solution. That the Wesleyans, the Primitive Methodists, and the Congrega tionalists of this city will no doubt present the Rev. Colin McCulloch with a testimonial for his kindly references to them at Rock hampton. — That though Donald Wallace backed Calma for the Melbourne Cup, Legrand. carries about £10,000 for him. We understand Charles Hereid, tobac conist, East-Btreet, has filed bis schedule. It ia surmised the barque Deutschfcfid, wrecked on M»«tVi-*nil Island reef, has entirely broken up as a quantity of wreckage came ashore last week at Teppooo. A. telegram was received Tuesday by Mr. J. M.°Onrrint manager in Bockhampton for Messrs. Ramsay and Co., timber merchants, of Maryborough, stating that a meeting of their creditors was held, and that it was arranged to carry on the business. The many friends of the firm will be glad to hear of a satis factory arrangement ot affairs. Tee erection of the Gymnasium Club build ing is at last being poshed on, and in a few weeks9 time we may expect to see the dnb in bill working order with a large number of members. Oar readers wilt hare observed that at the last meeting of the Early Closing Association it was proposed that all members should join the club, and if they do so Mr. 1'Eraon will be well rewarded for his efforts in keeping tbe subject before the A lady was crossing the Fitzroy Bridge the other evening shortly after nine o'clock in company with a friend, and when about half way across a man who was passing, made a There was no one near at the time, hot she did cot lise her presence of mind, and grabbed the rascal's hand, th&B; preventing him taking the coveted prize. He freed himself and made off as fast as he could, and \\-y the time information of the occurrence had been given to a passer-by, the miscreant had disap peared. A ratepayer wishes as to call attention to the action of those who are entrusted with tbe repairing of water pipes in different parts of the town. They turn off the supply of water without any notice being given to those living near. Yesterday a steam-engine had to be stopped because of the water being cat off anddenly and men had in consequence to stand idle. Work that was urgently required was suspended for a time. There are of course some cases in which the supply has to be shot oft immediately, when a pipe bursts for in stance, but in that under notice and others that we could mention there was no good ex Fbox accounts to hand from the country we learn that the native dogs are having a good time of it just now. Cattle and calves are so weak from the effects of the drought they fall an easy prey to tbe dingoes. We hear of one settler who had a calf killed by the dogs just outside bis stockyard. He poisoned tbe re mainder and next day found eight dead dingoes, who had partaken of the remains of tile calf. Several graziers are laying poisoned baits with a hope of re ducing the number of the pests. The rapacity of the native dogs ie due to the extirpation of the kangaroos, their usual food, by marsupial hunters. It is suggested a clause should be inserted in the Marsupials Destruction Act, giving a gratuity for each dingo brush brought in and this, in a measure, would repress the increase of the dogs, which lately hive committed extensive ravages among stock. A Sad accident occurred to a mas named John Smith, fireman on board the You Tangs, u., while he was out shooting near the Crescent Lagoon, oa Friday afternoon. As be had half a day to spare he set oat with two friends, £. Ueere, Jan., and J. Mason, from AHenstown, Smith carrying a gnn, and from the description given of it, it is evident it was one of those articles got up for cheap ness and not for durability. He tired one shot all right, but wheu he polled the trigger a second time tbe gun burst at the nipple, and his left hand was shattered to pieces. Ab soon as his mates ascertained what was the matter, a start was made for the Hospital, which was reached after some considerable trouble. On the road ' tbitber several persons driving buggies were ? mptt and the state of affairs mentioned with a j polite request that they would give the on- , fortunate man a lift, but they all turned a deaf { ear to the application, and the consequence 1 was that Smith suffered great agony before be [ reached the Hospital. On examination Dr. ? Thorstoa found it necessary to take off the ' injured member, and the hand was amputated, ' the patient being put under chloroform while ' the operation was performed. ** No demand at all ' is the reply of the ' ward&man; at tbe Depot now on being ques- | tioned as to tbe demand for the new arrivals. Of the Duke of Devonshire contingent, that arrived here on Thursday and Friday last few have met with engagements. Some have left the Depot and gone to live with friends. There are three single girls left. Those who 'were engaged are to receive 109. a week, and one of them 15s., but the latter ia to go «p conntry. There are yet remaining of this lot five married couples and about a dozen single men. Those who were landed from the Bahmba on Satur day, and who number forty -one, including five single girls, thirteen single men, six married couples, and eleven children are yet in the Depot, and there seems little likelihood of their leaving it forsome time. Much discontent pre vails amongtbe immigrants at thejrlnggage not being to hand, and many have been put to great inconvenience ia consequence. None of the boxes belonging to tbe Puke of Devon shire lot, *ho were landed here on Thursday and Friday last, hare arrived, and only that they brought with them in the Mabel are tfaey in possession of. The Bulimba immigrants are without their luggage at alL One or two single girls have been prevented from leaving their quar ter* because they have 'nothing to wear.' We hope the Immigration Agent will see that the lnggage of new arrivals ia buried here with more despatch than has hitherto bees the case. Tbe Government would be «*ved the expense of maintaining men after they had found emnloyaxat A scratch match ms played oa Wednesday between members of the Early Closing Cricket Club, by teams captained bv MeasrB. Ellis and M*Dernaott, which resulted in a win for tbe latter gentleman's side by 8 runs, rfothing very brilliant in cricket was the order of the day, excepting the batting of £. M. Aberdeen, who made25ruo& for the victors by fine dashing play. Tbe different scores were : — Ma. ATDbbjuht's Team.- J. Church, 0; J. J. M'Dennott. O; S. Church, 1 ; B. M. Aberdeen, 25 ; G. Chnrch, 9 ; S. Palmer, 3 ; J, Bryan. 0 ; Helmnth, 7 ; byes. 5. Total, 50\. Mr. Ellis' Team: J. Cally, 7; W. Clark, 13; W. Baird, 0; T. M'Alpine, 0; R. S. Ellis, 10 ; J. Qaigley, 5 : J. Sunderland, I ; eobatitote, 0 ; byes, 6. Total. 42. As inspection of the plans of the new police quarters at Korth Bockhampton suggests the idea that the proposed manner of constructing the building will not be conducive to comfort during the summer months. Tbe sitting room and cells will have tbe fall benefit of tbe son's rays during most of the day. A slight alteration in their contractor for the work or additional expeuse. The plan shows no office accommodation, so that prisoners will have to be searched in the lock-up keeper's sitting room, a rather nnpleasant thing if the constable is a family man. Should it be found necessary to construct additional cells the tank as now shown in the plan will hare to be re moved. ThiB could be obviated by having it placed ia another quarter. The plans deserve tbe consideration of the powers that be. practice of young children, meddling with combustibles was exemplified in a rather serious manner on Thursday afternoon. A boy named Alfred Phillips, aged eight years. severely scorched abont the head and face, through the explosion of a small quantity of gunpowder he had become possessed of. It appears be attended the Korth Bockhatnpton State School, aod while at play with some of his mates in the vicinity of the shed in which the time gun is kept, was given some powder by another boy, which he took borne, and, ignorant of the danger he was running, set fire to it in the yard. Tbe result of the explosion was as above stated. It is said there is frequently a quantity of loose powder lying about; the gnn shed ; and that the building itself is so insecure mis chievous bovs can easily get ia and substract powder from the stock kept for firing the gun. If this be the case the caretaker eLoold immediately see the ebed is made secure, as powder in the hands of young children is always dangerous. Most disastrous results might occur through its being kept where they can get at it. The tones of tbe fire-bell could be heard all over the town about 6 p.m. on Wednesday. At first it sounded as if it had been rung for the purpose of calling members of the Brigade together, bat it was soon made evident that it was not for each a purpose. People were to be seen running here and there, but all tnalring for the same place — the Fire Brigade Station, bat cm arrival there no in formation could be gleaned as to tbe wfaereabontB of tbe fire. After about half an hoar had elapsed it was stated that a chimney had been on fire at Dr. Thou's residence in Archer-street, but had been pat out without any trouble. Much vexation was expressed by firemen at being called oat for nothing, and we may mention, therefore, that a man came to the Police Barracks jast before the hoar named, and stated there was a fixe at Dr. Thoa's place, bnt he could not get at the bell to give the alarm. Away rushed two policemen, but they were also unable to obtain admission nntil informed that the door facing Fitzroy-street cootd be pushed back. The bell was then rang with great vigour by % policeman and a well-known youth, and the result was that tbe rope, which was attached to it, being an old ose, snapped in pieces. It would be well for the Brigade authorities to keep the entrance to the tower open, so that the public may know where to enter to give the alarm should a fire break out. The Young Men's Mission Society, estab lished in connection with the Baptist Church, had what was termed a social gathering on Monday evening last. It was open to all, and taUing advantage of this members brought friends with them, and by the time the even one hundred persons present. The first item on a well-arranged programme was the singing of die hymn ' The Gospel of Thy Grace,'9 by tbe members of the Mission, which was followed by a comic recitation by Mr. Bathbooe, entitled 'The Bellman.' Miss Lloyd did fall justice to the soag, ' Tbe Hearth and Home,' and was tbe recipient of an encow, to which she gracefully responded. The President of the Uiasion, Mr. W. H. Bell, delivered an : excellent address, in the coarse of which he sketched the history of the society since its I formation, op to the present time, instanced j the rapid manner in which the list of members was being increased, and expressed a hope that in the no distant future they would be able to look back with pleasure at their efforts in tbe past, and feel satisfied when they saw the objects for which they had banded themelves together realised. Mr. Hearn sang ' Tom Bowling ' in his usoal able manner, and was encored. A reei tctioo followed, and a duet was rendered in pood style by Misb Bozacott and Mr. B, Slide. Tbe first part of the entertainmeut was broaght to a close by Mr. G. B. Jones, who was eaeored for tbe laanner in which he Bang 'The Scoot.'* Daring as interval of fifteen muHttca a collection was made, and coffee and biscuits banded round to thote present. The second part of tb# entertainment warn inaugu rated by the aioeing of the hymn ' Fierce and WDi* It ire* feUmd by » ncitatiaD by Mr EL Thomas— 'The Death of Marmion.' Solos were rendered by Miss J. Wakefield, Miss Uoyd, and Mr. T. Aylinp, all of whom were deservedly applauded, the last Darned being awarded an encore Mr. Beam tol lowed, and mog with his usual tuteud ekiU, u did also Mr. B. Si.de. One of tbe best pieces was the trio ' Tbe Angelas ' song by Miss Lloyd and Messrs. Hearn and Slide. Altogether a very enjoyable evening was spent. We understand it is intended to hold eoch assemblies at short intervals, which will do much to bring the Society and its objects into Dotice. T*re programme of aqnatic sports arranged for last Saturday afternoon induced a large Dumber to congregate on the river bank. The chief ercnt was the Publicans' Purse, for which trophies of the value of £25 were presented. The crews engaged in that race have been assiduously practising for some time, and those who professed to know some thingabont tbe rowing capabilities of each crew were sanguine t&at; Maine's cren would prove victorious. This opinion was fully borne out by tbe result. The boats were placed in the following positions : — Meteor south side, Violet, Thistle, and Fitzroy in the order named. At the word of command Kaioe dashed off, quickly followed by ShaDuon ; the otbera ia -dose attendance. At tiie powder magazine it was evident the senior club's crew were overmatched. There Eaiue's crew led by two ^ng**'1- Shannon and Wells boats were well together. At tbe Gasworks Eaine was still in front, and the Fitzroy had gone op second, leading the Violet by two lengths. From this out there was very little change. Eaiue stroked his crew very judiciously, and came away at the finish as he liked. R. Sinclair, tbe coxswain of the winning crew, retires from the tiller with well earned laurels having steered in ten winning races. Tbe visitors were faeartfly cheered on arriving at the E.E.C. shed. Tbe following were the crews and their respective positions: — The TBKTLE (COB.C)— Colonrs : Blue. sL lbs. R. SfCIenMd, bow ? 9 7 I. Ho»e.Ko-S ? 8 7 W. Stanley, No. 3 ? 9 7 II. KaiDe. stroke ? 10 7 R. Sinclair (coxs«*in) ? 7 2 The Fttzeot (C.Q.R.C-— Coloura : Knfe, and Blue Safin. J. BarUera, boir ? S 10 P-OBeUlv. No.! ? 10 2 F. Barton, So. 3 ? 9 H 1\. Wells, stroke ? 10 12 C. Lomas (coxswain) ? 5 8 The Violet CC.Q.R.C.)-Coloios : Hed, and White Bars. E. Markerow, bow ? 10 0 J. M'Kay,No.2 ? 10 2 C. Wbitfielii. No. 3 ? 12 0 G. T. shannon, stroke ? 11 0 J. Sinclair (coianain) ? 6 « TBE Ukteor (B-R_C-— Colours : Blue and White. ff . OTfeOI, bow ? 30 0 F F Bansom, No. 2 13 0 B-W. Johnson, Ko.S ? B ( S. W. Bartlev, stroke ? U 0 A.Catt(cois»riiii) ? - 0 The next event was between W. Humphreys and J. White, which the former won easily. A Junior Fours race came next. Thistle : — E. Sandel No. I, F. L. Cbker No. 3. J. While stroke. Violet :— J. Hinchliffe No. 1, T. Spilsbury No. 2, C. Humphreys. No. 3. W. Humphreys stroke. The Thistle's crew had no difficulty in polishing off tbeir opponents. W. and H. Smith easily beat Coar and Mackay. both crews belonging to the senior dnb. W. and F. Lomas were the victors in a double scull race with O'BeOIy and Tucker. 