lateTbnglish.-nb'ws.t,'-. ??; Titb following oili-aets aro from English filos to January 12 : -^ ' i LORD DERBY AND THE A(JBNT3 GENEKA.L. The Earl of Derbv transnot»d busings for the first' time at tho Colonial Ofllco oil January 5; The' High Commissioner of Canada and tho eevoval colonial Agonts-Genoral had asked Lord Dorby to'-recoivo them in a body upon his accession to ofllco, much »s a new Foreign Minister receivos tho Ambassadors, and that Lord Derby hud assontcd to tbo request. His Lordship has fixod Junuary 16 for tho inter view. . Tho mooting will bo strictly privato. This audience of tho Ag(-nt3-Goneral by tho Colonial Secretary has culled forth some ro marks from tho Times und the Qlolc. Wo quote the observations of tbo formor :— ' To asslmilalo our relations with the colonies to our rolotions with foreign countries would be highly undesirablo j but tho resemblance botwocn tho Agont-Genoral of a colony and an Ambassador can never be more than superficial. At the sime time it is, perhaps, wise to recogniso in somo moro formal manner than it hitherto has been recognisod tho odlcial status of these gentlemen, whoio value as a medium of convoy ing directly to tho homo Government tho wantB and aspirations of the colonios U not to bo underrated.' THE COLONIAL MEAT. SUPPLY. The demand in preserved and other imported meats does not diminish, -and it will bt- good news for the antipodes to hear that America is rather falliug oil in tho competition. The fact is that stock in the Unitod States daily com mands higher priors, and there is no longor tho *amfl profit to bo made. 'J he consignmonts of fresh carcases havo aleo decreased, but tho do mnnds continue unabated. The result is that English buyers havo had to get tho foreign meats where thoy could, and a largo trado has been done in consoquence during tho past year in Australian snd Now Zealand tins. Thoro has also been an improved business in fancy moats, such a« soups, preserved rabbits, and so forth, showing that tho trade is steadily im proving. The only drawback romnining is that J10 process of proaorvation still tends to over cook the meat. This obliges tbo housowifo to use it cold.^ind prevents any of those stews, curries, and other preparations for which tho preserved meat is best suited. The same objec tion cannot bo urged against the meat brought homo by tho refrigerating process. This busi ness is also flourishing. All that is needed is tinio for tho development of the machinory of distribution, and Australian fresh meat will he quoted on the market with our own j at such rates, too, as will bring animal food within tho reach of many of our poor and half -fed work ing classet. ' ? THE PHINCESS LOUI3S. Lord Lome's tour in the Far West has ter minated, and he returns to his Vice-royalty, lowing his Princess behind him. Tho Princoss Louise is to winter, it appears, at a villa resi dence in Santa Barbara in Southern California Her health roquires a mild-r winter climate, it is said, than that of Canada, which is noto riously cold. ? Tho air is delicious at Santa Barbara, the sconery delicious, tho few residents easy- going people of Spanish descent. No doubt (says tho Home Neivi) the contrast with Ottawa, the Vice-regal residenco, is completo, and the Princess will probably benefit by the exchange. But thero aro those who hint that thiB voluntary exilo from the scone of her hus band's duties has not boon caused entirely by sanitary reasons. Voices are sometimes heard in the boet Canadian society protesting that the experiment, although only indirectly tried, of utilising royalty in colonial government has .not beon a conspicuous success. Our colo nists are the mqst loyal people in tho world, but thoy are littlo accustomed to tho coromonios and formalities which commonly hedge in the Princos and Princesses of the Blood. The Governor's wifo plays a very dis tinct part in the role of government, for round her revolves the wholo system of hospitality which centres in Government Housb. Princess Louise appears to havo boon but coldly appro ciaiive of tho Canadian ondeavour3 to pay hor proper rospoct, and to have at times hardly concealed her dislike of. Canadian manners and ways. Following, as sho did, ono of the most charming women, Lady Dufforin, who throw herself so thoroughly into colonial lifo, tho Princoss Louiso has been deemed too reserved and difficult to plosso. It is hot too much to say that although Lord Lome has proved that ho possesses a certain amount oE administrative capacity the termination of the present regime will not evoke any deep or lasting sorrow. THE EGYPTIAN QUESTION. Information from Cairo, dated January 11, states that Lord Dufferin has informed the Ministry that, in reply to their request, tho British Q-overnmont consents to withdraw from tho financial arrangement by which the Control was established. Tho note also raises a ques tion as to the advisability of appointiug a European financial adviser, who would not in terfero with the public administration of Iho country. The Joint Control, established by consent of the three Powers, is thus annulled by the voluntary withdrawal of two of thorn from tho compact. During the threo and a hulf years of its existence it had conferred in calculable benefit on the people of Egypt j and, if; any degree of Bolf- govormnont U now pos sible, it is due to tho systom thoy have intro duced and the cxainplo they havo sot. Tho fellaheen have to thank them for a, diminution ia the burden of tho interest payable by two mil lions sterling; andwhilo6toidily fighting against any encroachment on the part oE tho foreign bondholders, thoy havo practically recoupod thorn their loss of intoseot by the . increased value given to stock by their administration. It is also stated that Sir Auckland Colvin tendered his resignation, which the Khedive has accepted, with many expressions of personal rogret. Prior to taking this «ttp, Sir A. Colvin addressed a letter to his French colleague, stating that his Government having signified its withdrawal from the arrangemont he was compelled to resign, but he desired first to inform his col league of his intention, but ho thanked him for the extremely cordial consideration which ho had evinced under r/cent trying circumstances. Mr. Ornetoin, Second Secretary to the Control, has also resigned. ; i Tho Paris Pays of January 11, commenting on tho present phaso of the Egyptian Question, says : — ' Tho British Government, showing tho real value of tho importunes it uttached to con tinuing with Franco the work of regenerating Hgypt and of respecting the rights wo had acquired, has mado tho refusal of our Govern moot to accept tho last proposals a pretext for breaking off tho negotiations.. Meanwhile it addresaod to tho Great Poworaa circulardesnatch, of whioh only littlo is known, but in whioh it declares that, 'asiuining tho responsibility of tho task before whioh Europe withdrovfi' Eng land has acquired in Egypt certain rights jand has assumed certain responsibilities whioh Bhe could not renounce) arid whioh' she could not share with any othor Power.' . Well, tho situation is clear at last, and we know what wo are to !16ok for. We will abstain— fcho publio -wil appreoiato ' our' reserve -from d-' monstratihg onco more on whom must fall tho responsibility of the considerable loss, both as regards interests and prostigo, which is inflicted on France, and on a part of tho Mediterranean shores':' where during a century she hai shod blood ; where she hus created a population and civilisation 5 whoro her influence appeared based on solid foundations. Egypt is provi sionally lost to tho French. This is a calamity which we must add to many others, but which niust not moro than others break our oourago nor hinder our hopes. By a coincidence, whioh is not perhaps uccidontal, tho British Govern ment broke off negotiations tho very .day af tor tho death of tho groat citizen who reprosontod boforo tho foreigner tho national policy of Franco. If ho had acquired in Earopo this deserved reputation', it was becauso Mb clear sighted patriotism had nover despaired. His oxamplo and his memory loavo us a precious lesion for tho future. The day will como whon England will rocogniso tho immense blundor aho has committed in abusing her situation, listening to tho suggestions of Germany, and alienating tho friendship of a Powor without whoso holp sho cannot maintain tho balance of powor against Central and Eastern States. Lot us hopo that when tho day doos como hor ox piation will not bo too orucl.' ?.-?'?- ? , /IRELAND. .???;????''; ..' '' It has been resolved, in accordance with Mr. Paruell's desire, to transform tho bronchos of the Land and Labour Loaguo of Groat Britain aomo 210 in number, into branches of tho Irish I National Lcnguc, and a circular has been issued to Uiojo bodies. As yot, however, only a small 1 proportion of Iho branches havo accede ^ to tho 1 proposal, most of thom having deforrod thoir '. reply to tho circular until the suggestion bus boon thoroughly discussed. -A- stop has boon takon towards tho amalgamation of tho Ameri can Land Leaguo, and tho chiot Irish-American organisation! havo signified to tho organising committee in Dublin thoir approval of tho programmo of tho Irish National Leaguo. Mr. Farnoll has received a tologram from America, requesting that Mr. 1-oxton should uttond the convention thero next month, for tho purpose of reorganising tho Land 1 caguo of America into a National Loaguo. Mr. boxton will sail immediately. Mr. Biggar has been committed for trial by the Watcrford magistrates at tho forthcoming assizes for seditious language, bail of a modost amount boing takon for his appearance, viz., himself in £100, and two sureties of £50 each; It ia satisfactory to know that tho formalities of a State trial will bo dispensed with, and Mr. Biggar's offence will in all probability bo suffi ciently punished without being unduly mag nifiod. ?'Ihreo emergency bailiffs wore attacked at Upper Cross, county Tipperary, by nn armed party on January 2. It appears that tho mon woro proceeding to tho village for provisions when they were assailed. In tho dreadful struggle whioh ensuod, tho Property Defence mon fired threo revolver shots and one charge ot buckshot. A man named Gleeson, ot'Uppor Cross, ono of the assailants, was ehot dead. Others wero wounded. Tho police subsequently arrested fivo of tho attacking party. A dastardly outrngo was perpetrated at Ash ford, county Limerick. A largo farmer named Thomas Noligan, for eomo causo or othor, has incurred tho displeasure of the land agitators, and ho has beon Bubjectod to annoyance for a considerable timo. Hishousohas been entered lato at night by armed parties. A month ago a large rick of hay was burned. The othor night tho cowhouso, out-ofilco, and dairyhouso were discovered to be in (lames, and tho fire had made such progress that all offorts to got it undor proved unavailing. Feven cows, a valuable mare, and a colt were roasted to death, and a largo amount of property was consumed. The correspondent of t':o Globe, who has beon on a visit to what ho, torras the .' Wild West,' thus. speaks of ono of the town*: — 'I inspected tho town of Boscommon, an assize town, adornod with threo mighty buildings — the poorhomo, tho infirmary, and tho court house, all splondid structures, the latter being decorated with pillars of Ionic order. But tno town itself ! A more miserable hamlot I have seldom seon evon in Ireland, with its shabby gonteol slated houses and dirty green-streaked thatched cabins, and around a desolate, low lying landscape, drowned in water. Convors ing with a labourer, however, I discovered that Roscommon had been recently visitsd by a great bleasing, A Hre had consumed half the wretched town, and the rebuilding had afforded much omploymont to the poor of tho neighbourhood. It was market day, and I had a good opportunity of observing tho Connaught poasantry. They soemed a quiet, muoh-suifering people, slow in their speech and movomont, wandering to and fro with their donkeyi, ind answoring all ques tions with groat politeness, and always with the addition of ' your honour,' in compliment, I suppose, to a coat which was not friezo. Look ing at and talking with thoBO people, one cer tainly finds it difficult to imagine that thoy can be capable of the torriblo an 1 merciless outrages which from timo to time thoy commit or con ceal. And so passed my first day in the Wild West.' The wives of the throe condemned men in Galway prison for tho Lough Mask murdors visited them on January 10. and the day beforo, for the first timo sinco sentence was passed. Up to that timo tho men were in good spirits, but they have sinoe become melancholy. Tho men aro vory silent as to their guilt, and it is believed thoy will make no statement. Unlike the othor condemned - prisoners who have been lodged in Galway, they havo not been visited by nuns, nor have they oxprossed any desire in that direction. They aro re signed to thoir fato, and attend to thoir religi ous duties. ;In tho barracks at Buttovant, counly Cork, on January 11, somo soldiers of tho 10th Eogi ment were skylarking, and ono of thom namod Richmond, who was putting another namod Morriott through his drill, commanded tho latter to firo. Tho latter did so and killed Richmond on tho spot. Merriott ran away, but was found concealed undor a heap of straw in a farmer's yard, two miles from tho bar racks. He was lodged in the bridorroll at Mallow. A statomont is current in Galway, and is gaining crodonce amongst the superstitious, that tlio ghost of Mylo3 Joyce, the man who declared his innocence of participation in the Maamtrasna massacre on the scaffold last month, is seen nightly around and within tho prison of Galway. Two soldiers, it is said, woro visited while qn their guard outside tho gaol, a night or two ago, by a tall mysterious figure that laid hold of thoir rifles. Tho matron and war dors have, it is further said, applied for a transfor. MISCELLANEOUS. Another attempt is to bo mado to introduce Australian wines for salo in England. Thero has just been formed for this object tho Aus tralian Wine Association, Limited, with a capital of £10,000 in £100 shares. An invitation has been addressed by tho English Government to the signatory Powers of the Troaty of Berlin, propeiing tho as sombling of a conference in London for tho purpose of discussing quostions rolating to the navigation of tho Dauubo. The Malagasy, Ambassadors visited Notting ham amid hoarty demonstrations of welcome. They wore met by tho Mayor and Shoriff, and shown ovor the principal placos of interest in that town. ,With regard to tho relations of Gormany with tho Vatican, it ia understood that the Emperor did not take tho initiative in tho matter ; but ho merely sent a reply to a letter whioh he received f r.-m tho Pope. The Recorder of Dublin drew attention to the alarming increase of orimo in the city, stating that ponal Borvitudo was not dreaded, and suggesting for consideration by tho publio whethor tho lash was not' the most effectual moans of putting down tho frequently-occurring crimes of robberies with violonce in tho streets after dark. iTho Krexit Zeitung insinuates that the object of the Czar in making concessions to tho Vati can ib probably with a view oE oiloctine what he much desires — namoly, a reconciliation with the Pope. At the Bamo time, however, it prog nosticates tho fruitlcs3nc33 of any attempt of tho kind. ?- ; ? ? ??, ' ?-? , . [A shocking fatality happened in a run with the Cheshire hounds tho other day. Mrs, Cooper, of Nantwiok, known as ono of tho finest hbrsewomon in . tho county, mounted a thoroughbroJ and joined tho hounds at Bedloy Wood. While the .Cold wore standing in a narrow lane near Redloy toll bar a f also alarm was given. 1 A rush forward was made, and, obstacles boing oncountered, Mrs. Coopor'a horse booamo rostivo, reared, and fell back wards, tho unfortunate lady being underneath. Lord Hopetoun, who, with Lady Alexander. Paget and Lady Bocksavago, was present, immediately went to Mrs. Cooper's assistance. When extricatod it was ascertained that tho pommel of the Baddlo had crushed several ribs. Medical assistance was obtained, and Mrs. Coopor was reraovod to tho house of Mr. Shaw, a'fow yards distant, whoro sho expired tho samo ovoning from the effects of the torriblo injuries sho had sustained. ? Dead Wood oh Tukes. — An exchange says : — 'It has beon demonstrated that a dead br.anoh on a tree ms- kos almost us great a straiu on tho main plant for moisturo as a living ono doos. Any dead or weak and dying branohos should theroforo bo out away.' Animal Manubb. — Stockhardt says that a horso will yiold 3,000 lbs. of liquid manure in u year; a cow will yield 8,000 lbs. of manure in tho samo timo ; a pig 1,200 lbs ; a sheep 380 lbs. Another authority say a that a horse will void about aovon tons of solid mattor in a year. 