DR HUGHES AT THE THEATRE royal. The Theatre Royal was densely filled on Sunday evening, even the musicians' chairs in the orchestra being occupied. The proceedings tveie commenced by a small but very cfiicieut orchestra playing a selection of ltish mclouics, which wus encored. A lady and gentleman thou sang the duct "Homo to our Muuntiins,"' an I the encore was responded to by the lady alone. Dr Ilngh s then came forward and ntinounejd that the sul - ject chosen for the next Sunday lecture was ' T c Devil of Jewish nnd Christian Mythology." Alt, r another selection, beautifully played by the <n chestrn, Dr commenced his lecture by saying in Kzokiel we read that in a certain valley were number of dry bones. These bones were il. Christian cliurcb, and tbey were very d y bones indeed. These bones were to i e clothed with ilesh, and live. Thus tho theological bones were to be clothed with common sense by becoming more advanced in truth nit-l knowledge. There would be less use for the pagan rites of othor days, lie would begin witn the Christian dogma of tho Trinity, and he urged that tho belief waa a confused one. The early fathers knew nothing of the Holy Ghost, no: even .Solomon with all his wisdom, nor the put: !- archs or prophets. In fact, the dogma was no heard of till the Council of Constantinopl.- in 381. Conhl a man bo happy bowing down before the Throne, with other saints singing the song which no man could learn, nnd know that O'J hundredths of his fellow-creatures were sull'eringcxcrucinting torments I The moral maxims taught by Christ had all been uttered by other- long before ho appenred. Ooufucius, Pythagoras. I'lnto were as worthy of honour as Christ, and it was tirao tbo world discarded all mythology am! superstition. It was money which was the great incentive to notion on tho part of the clergy of to day, For nearly 2000 years tho Bible had been read, and the interests of the Church obeyed, ami with what result? Tho religion revealed in nature wrb admirably calculated to make us virtuous and happy, Tho discourse throughout waa listened to attentively, and the speaker was frequently ap plauded, The audience behaved with the utmos- decorum, tho applause being strictly eotiti ted ! clapping with tho hands. No whistling, n stamping, or other objectionable noises, and at to cIobo they disporsod without noise or confusion, such as is sometimes seen on week nights. 