MISCELLANEOUS. One of Fox's Martyrs— The hen. The best all-round performance — In a circus. Go to the butcher's" if you would hear joint debates. | A person who ought " to rule the roast" j — The cook. Where do ghosts come from ? From gnome man's land. The cultured no longer call it hash. | Mosaic nutriment is the correct form. | By a Cockney. — We cannot be robbed of | time, beeanee it is always hours, j A rich widow is the only second-hand | article that brings a first-class price. I " I amdreBsed to is ill," as the recruit said ! when he-had donned his nnifmrm. The artist who painted " the perfect pic ture of despair" was the who drew a long face. Husband : Mary, my. love, this apple dumpling is not hall done." Wife : " Weil, finish it, then, my dear." Iv you doubt this, ask — well, say, our sister — The meet important thing in a dress is incontestably the woman who wears it. President Arthur was once a school- master. Some of - the office-holders are anxious to know whether they are to be " kept in." " The health of Washington I" exclaimed Mrs. Partington, reading the head line in the newspaper ; " why, I thought Washing ton was dead." Old lady (to chemist) ; " Are you quite sure this is carbonate of soda— not arsenic?" Chemist : " Quite, ma'am ; try it, and judge for yourself," "What bird does that gin fizz remind you queried Aloneagain. " Give it up," says Devvy. " A white swallow," answered the connundrum constructor. London is complaining of homeless cats left to wander about the streets while their owners are out of town. Shade of Dick Whittington ! can such things be ? A well-known lawyer declared one day at a dinner that the biggest thing he had ever done waB to cross-examine a man until he did not know whether he was married or not. In India eggs are hatched by the heat of the sun performing the part of the hen ; therefore let it no longer be the boast of Englishmen that the snn never " sets" in British provinces. A young lady was presented the other day by one of her admirers with a valuable pug dog. She returned it with a note, saying, " No, thanks ; I am not rich enough to dress np to the pug." Con. for Intense Ones : Why might one suppose that Webster, the lexicographer, was an aesthetic ? Becaase he enthusiastically says in his dictionary that the verb " apeak" is to utter. 41 Does onr talk disturb yon ?" said one of a company of talkative ladies to an old gentleman sitting in a railway carriage the other afternoon. " No, ma'am," was the . naive reply, "I've been married nigh onto forty years." , A woman having occasion to visit an acquaintance living in a neighbouring town, took her seat in a railroad carriage. Sur prised at the short time in which the journey was accomplished, she remarked that if she had known she oonld have got there so quickly she would have walked. The title of the lesson was, 44 The Toung Man," and the golden text was, " One thing thou lackest." A teacher in the primary ola&s; asked a little tot to repeat the two, and looking earnestly into the yonng lady's faoe the child said : 41 One thing thou lackest — a rich yonng man." A contemporary tells a yarn abont a setter dog which trotted np to a small boy and dropped from his month into the boy's hand a new jack-knife which the dog had just found. This is, however, no circumstance to the Philadelphia dog which trotted up to a boy and dropped at his feet a tin can and a piece of string. An Englishman landed at Dublin a few months ago, filled with apprehensions that the life of any loyal snbject was not worth a farthing there or thereabouts. The Land Leaguers, he imagined, were assassins, and all that soit of thing. Bat it was his duty to travel in the land — a duty he approached with fear and trembling. Now there hap pened to be on his route a number of towns the names of which begin with the sug gestive syllable 44 Kil." There was Kilmartin, and so on. In his ignorance of geographical nomenclature his affrighted senses were startled anew on hearing a fellow- passenger remark to another as follows : 44 I'm just afther bein' over to Kilpatrick." 44 And I," replied the other, 44 am afther beis' ever to Kilmary." 44 What murderers they are !" thought the Englishman. 44 And to think that they talk of their assassinations so publicly !" But tbfe conversation went on. 44 And whare are ye gain' now ?" asked assassin No. 1. 44 I'm gain' home, and then to Kilmore," was No. 2's reply. The Englishman's blood curdled. 44 Kilmore, is it ?" added No. 1. 44 You'd betther be comin' along wud me to Kilmaule." It is related that the Englishman left the train at the next station. It was the .funeral of the head of the family, so the story goes. A neighbour in the churchyard, while the service was going on inside, was speaking of the deceased, and took the opportunity to observe, in a tone of subdued sympathy, 44 And he had jnst got in his coal and potatoes for the winter. It is a sad case." 