BliOA DBUJAFS NEW YORK LETTERS. Hardly over beforo in the history of our city, not oven when Tweed and his gang were hurled to perdition, has tliere been such an uprising of the people against Ring rule as that which to-day shakes New York like a political earthquake. With the cry of reform upon their lips, it was ft shock to our citizens when they saw the reformers, straight from the State Convention, sit down to tight for the spoils. It was a rich loot. Thirty mil lions was the spoil to bo divided, and the only question with these reformers seemed to be whoBhouldgettheraoat. Itisnotaquestion be tween Democrats and Republicans—between Grover Cleveland and Charles J. Folger. Tluse are almost lost sight of in the impor tant question, Is our city with its thousand millions of treasure to be delivered bodily up to a gang of thioves? The representative men who assembled at the Cooper Institute last week represented men of every shade of political opinion. Democrats and Republi ans sat sido l»y side on the platform, compelled to ata:id shoulder to shoulder by the common danger that threatens them. The present Democratic Mayor, William H. Grace, pre sided, and immediately around him on the platform were men who represented not leas than one hundred and fifty millions of the taxable property of our city. Now York is thoroughly aroused to her danger. One man in our midst boasts that he carries 00,000 solid votes in his pocket. With these 60,000 votes he not only rules the politics of the State of New York, but of tlie entire United States. He dictates to the national convention, and they must either o'ney hia behost or pay the penalty of defeat. The autocrat of Russia is not more supreme from t.he Volga to the Ural Mountains than John Kelly is in the city of New York; and to-day New York rises in rebellion against the autocrat. The new coaliotion may be called the committee of public safety, and the seventh day of November will show whether Wm. M. Tweed is dead or has only beau sleeping. The better elements of Democracy are thoroughly aroused, and it may possibly be demonstrated in November that some good may come out of Nazareth. The Keenans, the O'Briens, the Kellys and McLaughlins may cast lota for the spoils, bat on the seventh of November tho People may take a hand, and it would not be surprising if the State was smashed to atoms. The movement now on foot U entirely unpartisan. Democrats and Republicans, Greenbackers and Pro hibitionists, have all fallen into line; a com mon danger has cemented tho bond of union, so don't bo surprised to hear that New York has vindicated its right to an honest govern ment. And now I trust that /re have seen for some time at least, the last thieves' carnival. Take it full and bye, as a sailor would say; a million of dollars has been taken out of New York by the various walking- matches. Ten millions of dollars would not recompense us for the degradation and demoralization which they have brought upon our city; these with tho brutal Sullivan exhibition, that New York paid §20,000 to see, have loft such an entail ment of infamy 011 us that a generation will pass before the stain will bo blotted out. The effect of the walking and boxing exhibitions is particularly seen 011 our boys and young men; and while every newspaper pop-gun is pointed at Oscar Wilde, it, would be well if someof ouryoungsprigs who now travel on their muscle, would take lessons in geuteel beha viour from this English oasthote. One thing about Oscar Wilde he is ever and always a gentleman. If lie wears knee-breeches and long hair, he only does what the great men of the revolution did, those that did not wear their own hair long, ivore horse-hair wigs, and we would bo very sorry to put Washing ton, Adams, Lafayette and John Hancock down as fools because they wore their hair in what we consider a ridiculous fashion. This a free country; or at least we suppose it is, and yet wo are trying to make laws how a man shall comb his hair. A woman could wear a cabbage on top of her head, and if that woman happened to be Mrs Langtry, before tweuty-fourhourshadpassedyou wouid see such a boom in cabbage that they would he regularly called ou the Stock Board, but if a man steps a little out of the beaten track, men jump for him like a pack of mad dogs; ami this puts me in mind of the new fall hats. Wo have had many vagaries in hats, big hats and little hats, hats with wide rims, and bats with no rims at all, but for utter absurdity, thorough tomfoolery and general cussadnesa, wo have had nothing like tho honour of the latest fall style of soft hats. The brain that conceived them and the hands that manufac tured them should be consigned to an immor tality of infamy; tho getter-up of tho original design should be condemned to wander through Hades for ever with one of these wool abominations on his head, and every aesthetic ghost that he passed should shy a brick at him till there was nothing left of him but the head and the hat, and they should be stuck up on a pole ao an eternal horror and warning. It is not necessary to say that the divine Englishwoman will be a success, not as an actress, but oh my! well, as I was going to say —well she is—she is—inn—ah—oh, you should see her, you really should; oh my! buttercups and daisies covered all over with honey dew, sweet-smelling] sassafras, with mignonette and verbena, button-hole bou quets and marigolds, and all sorts of pretty and nice smelling things; that is Mrs Lnngtry It is worth something to look at her picture; but to see the original, well—tive dollars is dirt cheaD. It is the highest economy to look at such a woman; for six months after seeing her the very thought of her would sweeten your tea and make you think an Irish potato was a pineapple or a banana. What will become of the boys when she comes out in short dresses I don't know. It is not only the fellows, but the girls are crajy; girls with arms like sticks of sealing wax are wear ing tight fitting Jerseys, the thinner they are the more they desire to show their shaps, for the same reason I suppose that a particularly homely woman never wears a veil, and one exceedingly pretty delights in hiding her face. But the Langtry craze will have its run, and some new divinity will niftke even the English beauty forgotten. It is an immenee season for theatres. Everything appears to draw. Don't imagine that all New York is uuaer the chariot wheels of Langtry. There are plenty of people here who think that Theo, the bright particular Btar of the opera boutfe, could double discount her, and then give her iifiy points in the game; and then Theo can ace, and she can sing like a nightingale, and she can dance; so she has. takenjtlie hearts of our French citizeus by storm. ■ Brooklyn i3 stirred to its innermost depths, i.r. flenry M. Storrs, who has been the very corner-stone of orthodox Congregation alism for more than a generation, has. turned his : back on the City of Churches to bury himself in a little country church in the suburbs of Newark. The shock is more savero, for it was only a few mouths ago since his congregation presented him with §40,000, In addition to the large salary ho has boen receiving, which is one of the largest paid to any minister in the United States, it would sueni as if a present of this magnitude might clnira some gratitude; but it it is evident that Dr. Sfcorra takea a dili'orent|view of the case, so having got the inone)' lie now seeks retire ment and ease. It is whispered that ho is a disappointed man. When the attempt was made to crush Mr. Beecher Dr. Storra gave his sanction and support to the disreputable work. In common with many other people, ho thought it wns possible to dethrone the Plymouth pastor; they made u grand mistake and since the miscarriage of the attack on Mr. Beecher Dr. Storrs has been dissatisfied with • Brooklyn. Ho aeerned to think that if he took snuft' all Brooklyn ought to sneeze, but they did not, and finding that Mr Beecher was more popular since his new departure than he was before (if that he possible), ho resolved to shake the dust from his shoe* and leave Brooklyn to its destruction. Dr. Storrs is a great man, a ripe scholar, an orthodox Christian, and one of the moat eloquent pul pit orators in America. His departure is a serious loss to Brooklyn, and Orange may con sider itself fortunate to secure the services of a preacher who has few peers ill the United States. Misfortunes never come singly. On the top of the News of Dr Storrs' departure) comes the resignation of another eminent divino. the Rev. Henry M, Scudder. His resignation si ruck his congregation like a shook of lightning, and well it might, for no man in Brooklyn was more popular than the Rev. Henry M. Scudder. He comes from a rnce of gospel soldiers, who have, for more than half a century, stood in the van of the army of Christ Jesus. The Scudder brothers have fallen at their posts in various lauds fighting the battles of the L.rd. The Brook lyn pastor passed his early life in India as a missionary, and it was there that most of his children were born. Ho caine to California from India in 18G5, and took a weak little congregation, and in a few months he had built it up till they were compelled to erect a new church to hold the multitudes that came to he ir him. He hardly got settlod in his new church before the health of his wife failed, and ho was compelled to leave San Fransinco It was a bitter disappointment to his congregation, who had learned to love him, and, though years have passed, his place has nover bet:n fully supplied. When ho came to Brooklyn, twelve or thirteen years ago, ho again took a small congregation on the outskirts of the city ; again he built up an immense congregation, and erected and paid for one of the finest churches in the city. Connected with Dr. Scudder's de parture there is nothing but grief, for his blameless life has left him without an enemy. In all tho religions troubles of this goodly city no one has heard tho uamo of Heury M. Scudder. When he leaves he goes forth wherever the Lord may load him, with the blessing and love of all men. Tho Park Theatre fire cost S180.000. It was a grievous disappointment, but the parties most intimatoly concerned take it as cool as cucumbers. Mow York is blessing its lucky stars that the fire took place when it did, for if it had occurred three hours later the loss of lifo would have been fearful. The house would havo been packed from pit 10 dome, and escape would have been impossible. The nomination by Tammany Hall of Harry Genet for Alderman 13 one of the most disgraceful things that has been done in New York since Tweed was elected to the Senate with a penitentiary sentence hanging over him. Harry has served his sentence in the penitentiary, has worn his stripod suit and cropped hair ; the aroma of State's prison is about him, but Tammany thinks this is good material enough for a New York Alderman. It may find out differently on election day. • The city iB full of strangers, hotels crammed, stocks ragged, but honest business blooming. 