The Brisbane Courier. THURSDAY, JULY 26, 1883. IN Victoria they ure now making an ex- periment in legislation that is not without an interest for us. There an attempt is being made to secure a reform in railway administration, and this by shifting railway management out of the range of politics. For the Management of State Railways Bill now under discussion in the Victorian Assembly is really a self-denying ordinance, and both Ministers and members for the most part are agreed on the wisdom of sur- rendering the power and patronage they now hold, and handing them over to three gentlemen who are to form a Board of Com- missioners. We notice that Mr. Gillies, the Victorian Minister for Railways, in intro- ducing thiauiensure to the Assembly, regarded his scheme us the only practicable one. He was perfectly right in asserting that the present system might havo answered very well in the early days of the colony, when railway lines were few in number and of comparative short lengths. Then the political head of the department, if he was a man of ability and industry, could frame the policy and control the working of the railway. Now it is evident that the multi- plication of lines and the growth of traffic have rendered it impossible for any Minister for Railways to manage what may fairly be called-for the colonies-a gigantic system. So far ¡ill will agree with Mr. Gillies's first proposition. Respecting his second there will be a diversity of opinión. Those persons familiar with the initiation of railway legis- lation in Victoria will know that in early days it was contemplated that after the State had constructed the rail- ways, the lines should be leased to private individuals or companies. Pro- vision for this was made in tho Acts of Par- liament, and power was given, under certain conditions, to the Board of Lands and Works co act accordingly. The idea of leasing has gradually dropped out of sight, and now Mr. Gillies rejects it alto- gether, on the following grounds :-"If a company were formed to take a lease of the railways, the primary and only object woukl be profit. As lion, members knew, the object of the Government in constructing the railways was not to gain an immediate profit, though no doubt there was a hope of the lines yielding a profit ultimately. The Government had a higher object in view namely, to give selectors reasonable facilities , for bringing their produce to market at reasonable prices, and as far as pos- sible reducing the rates on the carriage of goods." Any objection that may be taken to leasing, or, indeed, to land grant railways, must be based on other arguments than that adduced by the Victorian Minister. For, while "the primary and only object would be profit," so far as a leasing company would be concerned, that profit could only bo reached by " giving selectors (and others) reasonable facilities for bringing their pro- duce to market at reasonable prices, and, as far as possible, reducing the Kites on the carriage of goods." Ilowever, the fact has to he faced that the notion of leasing in Victoria has been abandoned, and this being the case, there will be a consensus of opinion that the State railways, to be efficiently and economically managed, must bo under the control of a non-political and an able autho- rity, llere we are at one with Mr. Gillies, but we differ from him as to the mode by which to secure it. Ile asks for three commissioners, one of these - the chairman - to be a man of largo experience in railway matters, and of undoubted administrative ability. The other two, ~ it seems, are not re- quired to possess such transcendent powers. They are, wo suppose, to be something like advisers to their chief. On the very surface of Ulis proposition an objection, or rather a series of objections, lies. On whom will the responsibility rest in case of anything going wrong ? Is the man of large power and ripe wisdom to be overruled by the joint voices of his two assistants ? or is the chairman to be autocratic, and are the " two clear- headed, intelligent commissioners," as Mr. Gillies describes them, to be simply dum- mies to register his edicts? Mr. Gillies refers to the case of Mr. Moon, chairman of the London and North-Western Rail- way Company, and points out that the Board of Commissioners of that line never do anything without the chair- man's sanction, but Mr. Gillies did not say -whether the board always does what the chairman wishes. Our objection to the "Vic- torian proposal may be summed up in a few wouls. It is simply a case of divided authority, divided counsels, and therefore divided responsibility. Moreover, unless the chairman of the proposed board assumes the responsibility of his position, and the other two commissioners be simply his sub- ordinates, harm will ensue. Of course, if he does assume the responsibility, practi- cally there will be only one commissioner, and the board will be more a matter of form than of fact. That this will be the case we have no doubt. Still it would be better for one man to have been appointed, and then for him to have selected, like General Wolseley, his personal assistants and advisers. There is one other defect in Mr. Gillies's bill which will have to be rectified. The Governor-in-Council may suspend any or all of the commissioners, but one branch of the Legislature may by an address to his Ex- cellency secure his retention in office. If this passes a conflict between the Assembly and Council is certain. The latter may desire to restore a man to office, and can do so, while the former may be convinced of the man's unfitness, yet be powerless to prevent him being reinstated in his position. The final removal of a com- missioner, be it noted, can only be effected by a vote of both Houses in one session. Respecting the manner in which vacancies are to be filled in the Railway Department, all that need bo said is that it appears fair and workable. The lower grades are to be filled only by those who can pass a standard examination, ¡md if there aro more passed applicants than vacancies, a ballot is to be taken, and those not then chosen are to have the preference when fresh vacancies occur. From grade to grade an advance will only be made by means of a competitive examina- tion. For the higher grades of inspectors, engineeis, and surveyors, should no suitable candidates be found in the department, the commissioners will have power to re- commend tho Governor-in- Council to ap- point mon of exceptional qualification. Thus it will be seen at one fell swoop patronage is taken from members of Parliament. Some few Victorian re- presentatives are disposed to resent this, but the majority rejoice at the prospect of being freed from what has become an intolerable burden. At the present time there are no less than 5000 applications for employment filed at the office of the Minister for Railways, and private members are besieged with requests for Government billets. To gel rid of such importunities us these must be a blessing to be desired indeed. Bat a further result than relief of members will follow the passing of this measure. Railway officials will be efficient, for the commissioners will be free to refuse where a Minister would find his tongue tied, and the examinations will keej) back the useless. Railway manage- ment will be more economical, for the com- missioners will feel under no necessity lo find aplaco somehow and somewhere either to placate au elector or to please a parlia- mentary supporter, and if the commissioners do their duty fairly, political railways in Victoria will be things of the past. What suggestions the gentlemen now in- quiring into our Queensland railway manage- ment may have to offer we know not. But it might be well for them to watch Victorian legislation, as well as scrutinise the defects of our system. Possibly in our neighbour's action they may see something to condemn, and possibly they may see in the Victorian attempt to grapple with ¡i national question something that may help them as they aro working out the problem-how to secure for Queensland economical, safe, and efficient railway management. IT is believed that tho proclamation dissolv- ing the fifth Parliament of this colony will be issued this afternoon, and that the writs for election of the new members will be out to- morrow. Already several members have issued their addresses to their constituents, and in a few days we shall be in the midst of the gene- ral election. IT appears that the withdrawal by Mr. Glad- stone of the agreement for the construction of a second Suez Canal has not stopped tho agitation on the subject. Sir Stafford North- cote, the leader of the Conservatives, has, wo learn by the telegram published this morning, given notice of a motion declaring that in any future negotiation for the construction of canal M. de Lessops's claim for a monopoly of canals in the isthmus should bo repudiated. This motion will bring the dispute to a clear issue, and the nature and extent of M. do Lessops's claim will be fully debated, and all information on the subject elicited. Whatever the result of the debate, it will at last clear the ground for future action. There will be no moro indefinite understandings, and we shall know what obligations England has actually contracted and is bound to fulfil. THE Commissioner of Police received infor- mation yesterday from Sergeant O'Loan, in charge of the Pine River police station, ad- vising him of the sudden death of a farmer named Gotlieb Raddatz, residing at King's Scrub, on the morning of the 23rd instant. It appears that Raddatz was in his usual health while enjoying his breakfast on the morning in question. Shortly after he went out into the yard to harness some horses, with the object of harrowing some land. While engaged in getting the horses ready he fell down dead. About half-an-hour after he left the house his wife noticed the horses still standing in the yard, and on going out to inquire the reason she found her husband lying on his back quite dead. A magisterial inquiry was held before Mr. W. C. Joyner the same evening into the circumstances connected with the death of the unfortunate man. From the de- positions taken it appears that the deceased had suffered for some time from severe pains in his heart. The consequence was that he was frequently obliged to leave off work and sit down for an hour or so. There were no marks of violence on the body, or visible cause to account for his death. A verdict therefore was given that death resulted from heart disease. The deceased was 58 years of age, and had re- sided in the colony for eleven years. Some important alterations have just been de- cided upon by the A.S.N. Company which should have the effect of greatly improving the faci- lities for trade along our own coast as well as be- tween here and Sydney. They have just com- pleted arrangements to run a steamer from Sydney to Brisbane every day excepting Mon- day, and from Brisbane to Sydney every day excepting Tuesday. From Brisbane to Mary- borough, Bundaberg, and Rockhampton there will be a boat twice a week regularly, and in addition to these there will be two extra boats for this line. The Governor Blackall, engaged in the Torres Straits mail service, will fill up the time between her Cooktown trips in this trade, and the Queensland will also be em- ployed when necessary. A steamer will also leave Brisbane every Tuesday and Satur- day for Cooktown, via ports, and the Mackay line will be increased by a new steel boat, which is now nearly due from England. These alterations will commence on the 1st proximo. THE late visit of M. de Cesare, of Malta, to this colony is apparently beginning to bear fruit. Whether through his good offices or otherwise, the planters of Queensland will soon have an opportunity of judging whether their want of labour is likely to be supplied from the overflowing population of Malta. The Agent-General has obtained leave from the Government to reserve in the British-India stcumer next leaving London for Queensland accommodation for sixty Maltese, who como out as full-paying passengers, for Townsville, under engagement for sugar-planters in this colony. The Maltese are said to be very in- dustrious, and being virtually acclimatised Malta being in 35" N.-they are likely to prove very useful colonists. Tho Maltese are de- scribed in a well- known authority as "a strong, well-formed race. The men are dark, hand- some, and lithe ; the women with black eyes, fine hair, and easy carriage. As in other Eastern nations the working classes grow old at a comparatively early age. They are cheerful, good-humoured, and industrious ; sober and abstemious, though quick-tempered and addicted to the use of the knife. Bread or pasta, with a few olives, and a little milk or milk cheese, form the chief support of the poor, who seldom or never eat meat, and drink but little of the light wine of the country. Tho gentry have a large admixture of Spanish, Italian, and French ; but among the people in general the Arab race and character predomi- nate, influenced by contact with Sicily. Of the native language 70 per cent consists of Arabic words, the rest being chiefly a corrupt Italian. The festivals and ceremonials of tho Roman Catholic Church are kept up to an extraordinary degree, togothcr with a few that seem to be derived from tho Greek Church." As pointed out during M. de Cesare's visit, the island of Malta is densely populated, there being 1510 inhabitants to the square mile. In spite of emigration to various ports on the Mediterranean, the number of people continues to increase, and in 18S0 Jtho popula- tion was 154,S92 exclusive of British troops and their families. It may therefore be ex- pected that should tho work in Queensland prove attractive to thom, wo shall be able to obtain a large supply of labour from this source. IT will bo remembered that three Frenchmen landed at Torilla, near Rockhampton, in April last, and the police authorities, reasonably suspecting them to be escapees from New Caledonia, caused thom to bo arrested, and took tho necessary steps for their extradition. Their own account was that the boat belonged to ono of them named Caracres, who stated that he was a free mun, and had paid his own pnssago to Now Caledonia ; Gucrin also claimed to bo a free man, stating that he had gone out to meet his father, who was a convict; the third, Beignet, admitted that ho had been a convict, but assorted that his time expired five years ago. They had, however, no papers to prove the truth of their story, and it was thought unlikely that men in the position they claimed to be would have left New Cale- donia as they did ih an open boat. They were put upon their trial as cscapeesjaiid for larceny of the boat, but there was no evidence to sup- port the charge, and for the past three months thoy have boen remanded from time to time until the present. Meantime, correspondence has been carried on with the French Consul in Brisbane in order that a vvariler might, as usual, bo sent over from New Caledonia to identify the men. Information has just been received, however, from the Sydney French Consul that the Noumea authorities take no notice of his continued representations, and that he can give the Government no hope that any step whatever will bo taken for the extra- dition of the men. This information is deemed of so grave a character, and so dia- metrically opposed to previous assurances from the French authorities, that our Government have telegraphed to the Agent-General instruct- ing him to inform the Secretary of State that the French Government refuse to take back their criminals. The men will bo brought up at the Police Court this morning, and cannot, it is believed, be longer detained in custody. THE weekly meeting of the Literary and Debating Club was fairly attende! last even- ing. A number of important matters were dealt with and arrangements made for a special meeting on next Monday night, 30th instant, at which it is expected there will bo a rather large muster of members. A CONSIDERABLE congregation assembled at 11 a.m. yesterday at St. John's Church to witness the ordination as priests of the Revs. Heber Tennant-Tranmar and Clarke Kennedy. His lordship Bishop Hale was assisted by the Ven. Archdeacon Glennie, and the Revs. J, Sutton, C. G. Robinson, D. A. Court, J. A. Hassal, F. Meeres, W. Kildahl, and C. Hol- brook. The Rev. J. Eglinton was also present in the body of the church, but took no active part in the service. The Rev. C. G. Robinson intoned the Litany, and was responded to by a full choir. After the Bishop, in impressive tones, had read the address to the candidates for ordination from the Prayer Book, and had asked the usual questions, there was silence in the church for about five minutes, while the congregation and clergy present offered up prayers for the kneeling candidates. The choir then sang the hymn " Como Holy Ghost, our souls inspire." On the conclusion of the hymn, the Bishop and clergy present laid their hands on the heads of both the candidates in turn, while the Bishop solemnly ordained them in the words prescribed by the Church of Eng- land. The anthem, "How Lovely arc the Messengers that bring Us the Gospel of Peace," was next sung by the choir, the solos being beautifully rendered by Mrs. Welshman, while Madame Mallalieu presided at the organ. His lordship, as soon as the anthem was over, briefly addressed the congrogntion present, tuking for his text the '20th verse of the lSth chapter of St. John, "Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word." In the course of his remarks he insisted on the necessity and efficacy of prayer, and especially asked the prayers of the congregation for the two now priests, one of whom was to officiate in that very church. Many of the congregation then left, but others remained while the Holy Sacrament was administered to the Revs. Clarke Kennedy, and Heber Tcnnant-Tran ATTENTION ÍB called to ' the advertisement stating that tenders aro invited for tho pur- chase of the booths on the occasion of the Intercolonial Football Match between the representative teams of New South Wales and Queensland, which is fixed to take place on the loth, 16th, 18th, and 23rd proximo. The following is a list of the booths :-No. 1, grand stand booth; 2nd, privilege of all other booths, except temperance booth; 3rd, temperance booth. The privilege of the old grand stand can also be tendered for. Tenders aro to bo addressed to Messrs. G. T. Bell and Co., and must be sent in on or before the 31st instant, MR. E. B. CULLEN, Under-Secretary to the Treasury, was taken seriously ill on Friday last, and has not since been able to resume his duties. He is being attended by Drs. O'Doherty and Thomson, and from inquiries made last evening we learn that though, as be- fore stated, seriously ill, Mr. Cullen is not considered to be in any immediate danger. THE Railway Commission will meet in the Speaker's room to-morrow morning, at 10 o'clock, when Mr. H. C. Stanley, Chief Engineer of Railways, will be examined. THE North Gregory Turf Club race meeting took place on the 4th, 5th, and Cth instant, at Winton. The meeting appears to have been a most complete success, visitors from all diree tions having flocked into the town, where the hotel accommodation was taxed to the utmost. The number of horses competing exceeded that of any previous meeting, large fields being the rule and not the exception. The amount paid over on settling night for prizes was £616 10s., and also £513 10s. for five Calcutta sweeps, making a total of £1130. The totalisator was also well patronised, £670 passing through the machine without the slightest hitch. Th» three-card men and gentry of the noble order of "spielers" were promptly sat upon by the police on the very first doy, and so entirely failed in reaping the abundant harvest they expected. Mr. R. T. Chirnside won the Handicap Hurdle Race and Corinthian Cup with Bluelight, tho Members' Welter Handicap with Rob Roy, and a second welter handicap with Culloden. The Maiden Plate was won by Mr. C. O'Leary's chestnut filly Nina, and the Flying Handicap by Mr. R. Johnston's black gelding Italian. The two principal events, the Town Plato and N.G.T. Club Handicap, were won by Crazy Jane and Haphazard respectively. The time of some of the races is by no means bad, the Maiden Plate winner accomplishing tho mile in ltnin. 50scc, and the Town Plate (1J mile) in 2min. 474sec. At the annual meeting of tho mem- bers of the club, which was held on the Saturday following, the hon, secretary pre- sented a highly satisfactory report of the club's financial position, showing a credit balance of £150, whereas last year the balance was £120 to the bad. Forty new members were then elected, and it is expected that the prizes which will be offered next year will be large enough to induce owners of first-class horses to pay Winton a visit. Among the othertamusements of the race week a cricket match, Town v. Country, was played. The result was in favour of the Town team, who were captained by Mr. G. II. Gardiner ; the Countrymen captained by Mr. R. T. Chirn- side, being beaten by 10 runs. To wind up proceedings satisfactorily, a fancy dress ball, in aid of the hospital, was held in a spacious building recently erected by Mr. W. B. Steel. This was well attended, and some of the dresses were decidedly unique in character, though a few of the visitors were much disappointed at being unable to obtain the necessary dominoes and spanglos. Alto- gether a most enjoyable week was spent both by visitors and townspeople, and tho North Gregory Turf Club may be congratulated at having attained a good position among the turf clubs of Queensland, which it is hoped may be still further improved by equally successful raco meetings in the future. WITH reference to the new road opened to Cleveland, whereby a saving in the distance is effected, we aro assured by a gentleman upon whose word we can rely, and who only the week before last was over the ground, that the state mont of the driver of the Cleveland coach in our issue of yesterday is incorrect. Wo have ourselves seen the map, and the shortening of the distance is quite apparent, while we are in- formed that the new road goes most of the way over undulating gravel ridges, and can be macadamised at a small cost. As we cannot understand anyone opposing what can only bo a great advantage to Cleveland, we must decline further correspondence on the subject. AN advertisement appears in another column in reference to the football practice match to take place on Saturday It is only reasonable to expect thoso Rugby players who think they ought to bo picked for ^the intercolonial team to put in nn appearance at these matches to show what they can really do, and those who do not appear will certainly have no cause to complain if they are overlooked at the final selection. There are now but few opportunities for practice, and it is hoped that there will be a good roll up on Saturday. THE secretary of the National Association requests us to draw the attention of the public to the date of closing of entries for the exhibition, as well as the Juvenile Industrial -namely, the 1st proximo. Alf interesting debate on " Free trade v. Protection " took place on Tuesday evening, at the usual meeting of the literary class in con- nection with the Young Men's Christian Asso ciation. There was a large attendance of members and friends, and the debate was opened by Mr. S. G. Martin in an able and practical speech. Mr. James Paterson led the opposition, and was warmly applauded. A very animated discussion ensued, in which a large number of the members took part, and the debate was brought to a close by a show of hands, which resulted in a majority of two for the protcctiomists. Next Tuesday the meeting will be devoted to impromptu speeches, and a large number of members aro expected to take part. KKEiTMAYERand Woodroffe's Waxworks and Glassblowing Exhibition still continues to draw crowds of curious spectators, who seem to take a never-failing interest in watching the miniature glass steam engines at work, and in witnessing all kinds of fancy articles in glass turned out under their very eyes by the skilful hands of Mr. Woodroffe. Some of the glass specimens are exceedingly pretty, notably some beautifully-executed little figures that swing about supported by fragile chains of glass in glass vases of water, with such narrow necks that those who have not watched their manufacture can only wonder with astonishment how in the world their delicate little occupants ever got inside. The interest of the audience is greatly heightened by the fact that all the articles manufactured in their presence are distributed among them before their departure. Not the least interesting part of the exhi- bition is the quick and facile engraving on glass or metal by Mr. Mills, who, while the owner is waiting, will engrave any name on a glass with artistic finish and as- tonishing celerity. Among other specimens of Mr. Mills's handiwork may be noticed the Lord's Prayer, beautifully written in a clear hand on the side of a small tumbler. Many who visit their establishment return again, and few depart without some souvenir of one of the most interesting exhibitions that has appeared in Brisbane. THE organ recital to be given in the Creek street Presbyterian Church on Tuesday evening, 31st instant, will be no ordinary occasion. The performers on the recontly purchasodinstrumcntwillbeMadaraoMallalioii, Mr. T. Willmoro, Mr. P. Atkinson, and the organist of the church, Mr. D. Scott. THERE was again a large house at the theatre last night, especially in the stalls and pit, and the " Lights o' London" was received with as much favour as usual. To-morrow night the performance will be under the patronage of the Acting Governor. THE London correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, writing under dato 7th June, says : " The New Guinea aminexation question has not advanced a stage, though the details re- ceived respecting Mr. H. M. Chester's proceed- ings have been read with interest. Mr. J. Hcnnikcr Heaton, writing to The Times from Aden, complains that a blunder has been com- mitted in not annexing the whole island, as tho Dutch, he contends, have no valid cliam to any portion of New Guinea, cither by right of dis- covery or continued possession. He .mentions that Sir J. Popc-Hennessy, the new Governor of Mauritius, has thrown out the suggestion that Great Britain has a prior claim to tho Dutch, because the first Governor in New South Wales, in 1788, read a commission giving him control over all the islands adjacent to tho colony, in virtue of which Norfolk Island was occupied. The Pall Mall Gazette remarks that if the precedent of Norfolk Island is to bo re- garded as giving Australia carte blanche to annex all the islands within SOO miles of her shores, the prospect is a lively one for the British taxpayer, upon whom ultimately rests the cost of all these colonial-imperial enter- prises in distant seas. THE annual meeting of the Queensland Club will be held to-day at 1.30 p.m. THE annual ball of the Rover Football Club takes place on the 10th proximo, not on the 20th, as previously stated. A PRIVATE cable from London has been re- ceived stating that Mr. J. B. Henderson, A.M.I.C.E., Government Hydraulic Engineer, has been elected a member of the Mechanical Engineers, London. A PRIVATE telegram has been received by Mr. A. E. Harris from Kilkivan, as follows : " Cleaned up last night 350oz. amalgam from SO tons." Another telegram arrived yesterday giving the result of the retorting as " Nine and a-half avoirdupois pounds gold. Quality of gold splendid." This is equal to nearly 4oz. portón. THE following football announcements appear in our advertising columns :-The Wal- laroo football team play Ipswich in the Queen's Park on Saturday next. A second trial match for the selection of the Queensland team for the intercolonial football match will be played on the same day. The following matches will be played on the Racecourse during exhibition week :-New South Wales v. Queensland (?); New South Wales v. Wallaroos, and New South Wales v. Brisbane Football Club. Special trains will be run for tho convenience of passengers. Tenders uro invited for the purchase of the various privileges at the inter- colonial football meeting. MR. WILLIAMS'« latest purchase, one-oyed Sauntcrer, and the two-year-old Wheatmeat arrived from Rockhampton on Tuesday,, Both horses are on their way to Tenthill, where they will bo treated to a spoil. Wheatmeat, though "a good bit of stuff," is not quite good enough to cope with Legrand, but may be expected to improve with agc, while old Sauntcrer well deserves sonio rest after all his hard work. If Mr. Williams succeeds in putting a fresh sot of legs on the son of Bylong ho will doubtless bo chucked in the handicaps, and win something to pay for his corn, and perhaps a little over. A WOMAN named Annie Withers was brought up at the Police Court yesterday morning charged with drunkenness and with using obscene language. At the instigation of Mr. Day, tho assistant police-magistrate, the charge was altered to " disorderly conduct," and the woman was ordered to pay a fine of 40s., or go to the lock-up for forty-eight hours. Mr. Day has unfortunately shown a tendency lately to disregard the prejudices-if such ho pleases to call them-of decent people who are compelled at times to hear the vile language used by drunken people in the streets, and ho appears to consider drunkenness an excuse for tho most offensive obscenity. This morning ho said he would not allow charges to bo doubled against prisoners-that is, that persons charged with drunkenness should be punished for that offence, but should be allowed otherwise to go scot free, oven though indulging in most disgusting language. The words used by the woman before tho court were of a xiarticularly revolting character. Mr. Day should remember that laws are made for the protection of tho orderly as well as for the punishment of those who are blots on society, and that the use'of obscene language is one of the most offensive evils in this community. THE ordinary fortnightly meeting of the committee of the Brisbane Hospital was held at the town, dispensary at 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Present-Mr. J. Petrie (in tho chair), and Messrs. G. Wilson, Stodart, Web- ster, W. H. Wilson, and Bunton. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read and confirmed, the chairman road the medical re portfor the preceding fortnight, which consti- tuted the only business before the meeting. The chairman drew attention to the fact that Grace M'Intosh, who was reported to have cut her throat in the hospital, died of typhoid fever. From the medical report, it appears that for tho week ending 14th July, 21 in patients were received, 21 were discharged, 2 died, 29 out-patients wore on the hos- pital list, and 52 were in attendance at the town dispensary-Dr. Marks surgeon for the week; for the week ending 21st July, 29 in-patients wero received, 34 were discharged, 3 died, and 117 were remaining in the institu- tion ; 39 out-patients were on the hospital list, and 46 attended at the town dispensary-Dr. Thomson surgeon for the week. Of the deaths -Timothy Hearns, 40, labourer, received 13th June, died Sth instant, from phthisis; Ned Yanna, 30, labourer, South Sea Islander, re- ceived 19th June, died 10th July, from phthisis ; Mahomed Delim, 32, fireman, received 13th July, died 15th July, from phthisis ; Arthur E. Dalby, 20, labourer, received 15th July, died next day, from enteric fever ; George Milford, 50, clerk, received 21st June, died 16th July, ' from from Bright's disease ; Grace M'Intosh, 45, housewife, received lüth July, died 19th July, from typhoid fever. The following dona- tions have been given to the hospital :-By the Hon. J. Swan, a parcel of papers ; by the Hon. B. D. Morehead, a parcel of illustrated papers ; and another parcel of illustrated papers from an anonymous friend. Of the paying patients, Thomas Coles, J, Richardson, and James Carroll paid £3 each ; und Thomas Chrog, Ellen O'Keefe, and Patrick Gilfoy, ¿1 each. THE School of Arts Laboratory class meets every Tuesday evening, and is conducted by Professor Pepper, who is doing his utmost to make science loved, not only for its own sake, but also because it has so much to do with the technical arts. The last subject discussed by the Professor was " Silicon," which, united with more than half its weight of oxygen, forms so large a portion of the goldfields of Queens- land under the name of quartz, otherwise called silica, a word derived from silex, a flint. Whilst showing the amorphous and crystallised states of this body, a collection kindly lent by Mr. Henry L. Davis illustrated the beauty of cer- tain gems and precious stones almost wholly composed of silica, but coloured with oxide of iron. The " fire," an opal in its natural matrix and also cut, polished, and set in gold, was shown to be constituted chiefly of silica, .with variable quantities of water, whilst rock crystal, the purple amethyst, the cairngorm or topaz white, pink, and yellow-were specially inter- esting, as the brilliant white variety has been so often mistaken for the diamond ; the New Zealand greenstone, the curiously-marked agates, the red, white, and brown cornelian, and the onyx, were many of them stated to be mixtures of amorphous and crystal- lised forms of silica, especially chalcedony. The furnace, liberally given to the laboratory by Messrs. J. W. Sutton, was used to show the class how quartz is acted upon and liquefied in order to ascertain the quantity of gold it may contain, and Mr. F. B. Mills, of Kreitmayer and Woodroffe's glass- blowing exhibition, was requisitioned for specimens of glass engraved by a peculiar fluid which instantaneously attacks the silica, and marks the surface as if scratched by a diamond. The glass tumbler, with the Lord's Prayer engraved upon it, was examined with profound interest by many of the students, who are themselves workers in various metals, and who can appreciate good workmanship. The experiments were brought to a close by Professor Pepper, who announced that the various forms of glass, and especially "soluble glass," used in the art of painting, and also in protecting porous stone work, would be the next subject for the consideration of the Laboratory Class. 