ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. t [BY TIEL GHosT.] I December 8. The Convention has astonished both its ! friends and its enemies by the amount of i good work it- has done, and heaped scorn upon the heads of the unfortunate pro photo who predicted that no good could come out of such a fortuitous concourse t of political atoms as the Sydney gather ing of colonial Ministers presented. But the Now South Wales lion has apparently 1 laid down with the Victorian lamb, the representatives of Maori land, Tasmania, West Australia, and Queensland looking on the while in wonderment at the entencte cordiale between the two rivals for the premiership of what is soon destined to be a now Southern Dominion. Australia ° will now sooner or later be " federated." It now remains to be soon how the mother country will treat her Australian do pendencios. We have performed our f part of the bargain by "federating," and it now remains for the British Govern ment to perform theirs by annexing Noew Guinea, and entering into some arrange mont by which the felonry of France shall cease to be poured on to any part of Polynesia. Tihe quarrel between Mr. Ormond and the Trades Hall Committee on the subject of the Working Man's College is daily growing in bitterness. From the tone of the spooches delivered at the meetings hold to consider the matter, it alm st appears as if "the working man " were doing his best to provoke Mr. Ormond to withdraw not only his offer to build 1 tile college at an outlay of £22,500, but E also to take back the £5000 he has alreoaly subscribed. Mr. Murray.Smith's nomni nation by Mr. Ormond as one of the true. tees is one of the grievances complained of,the other being the wish of the founder that the name of Prince Leopold should be associated with the institution. Surely I those are unimportant questions upon which to base a dispute involving such important issues. The fact is that a Working Man's College is not a pressing requirement, and those for whose benefit good natured busy-bodies and philan thropists are taking so much trouble are profoundly indifferent as to whether there is a college or not. Were it otherwise, there would not be much straining at the I conditions of Mr. Ornmond's offer, but the £22,500 would be swallowed, and Prince Leopold and Mr. Murray-Smith, " the enemy of the people," into the bar gain. Wore any evidence required of the fact that we are now fairly embarked on " the silly season," it would be found in the prominence which has been given by a section of the Press to what turns out to have been after all a very commonplace and ordinary proceeding. All the sonsa- I tional paragraphs anent an elopement, a clandestine marriage, and the employ ment of detectives to find out tile location of the happy pair, have arisen out of tlhe marriage of Dr. Crosson to Mrs. Afileck, a wealthy squatter's "relict" residing at South Yarra. What if thounited ages of the happy couple amount to considerably over what bookmakers term "acentury ?" Just as there were great men before the I days of Agamoemnon, so have ancient pairs boon united in the holy bonds of matrimony before last week. Is this latest nuptial tie to illustrate the truth of the old adage that avers that " old fools are the worst of fools ?" The Government, egged on no doubt by the taunts of the Prose, have determined at last to deal with the charges against Mr. Pitman, "the high Government oflicial," whoso name and character have been made so free with of late. A Board consisting of three gentlemen, one of whom is an actual and the other an ox police magistrate, have been deputed to investigate the case. People are asking themselves why this most. unusual course has been taken. Why should an affiir involving an accusation of a criminal offence be dealt with out of the ordinary way ? Detective oflicers have boon told off to make enquiries, and why should the result of their labours not be shown in the light of day? Is there one law for high Government officials, and another for ordinary mortals fashioned out of commoner clay ? The enquiry into the mishap that oc curred to the steamship Rodondo on her outward voyage to Sydney, some three weeks ago, has been duly hold by the Steam Navigation Board. As often hap pens in those cases, no one has been found to blame for the disaster. Thle finding of the Board is an elaborate one, and as extraordinary as elaborate. They have arrived at the opinion that the Rodondo struck some obstruction in the fairway, which was not floating wreckage, but a roeek. And as the Government steamer Despatch, sent out to sweep the channel, failed eo discover any wreckage or reef at a depth of 22 feet, and it is perfectly clear from an inspection of the vessel now in dock than a reef was touched, the only logical conclusion to be arrivet at is that there must be some " floating rocks" knocking about in.the vicinity of Port Phillip Heads. One might almost fancy that Cantain Johnson and his officers had prepared their evidence for that most ser viceable branch of her Majesty's forces yclept " the Marines." Sailors would have boon slower to credit it than the Steam Navigation Board, but then the component elements of this body are not sailors-at least people say so. The "sweet girl graduate" is now a live certainty in Melbourne. Miss Guerin, a young lady iailing from the golden city of Ballarat, has, in orthodox academical cap and gown, received the degree of B.A. at the hands of the Vice-Chancollor of the University. Whether on the aus picious occasion she wore blue stockings, or whether those will henceforth form a part of her every-day apparel, has not yet been duly chronicled. But it is said that a somewhat puzzling question is vexing the mind of the professor of logic at sur Alma Mater. He can't quite make out how a lady can be a " bachelor" of arts. When the M.A. dogree comes to be conferred on a member of the fair sex, the difficulty will no doubt in a great measure disappear; far every.day expo rience goes to prove there is very little difference between "mastor" and "mijs tress." In fact in some households there is virtually none; for not content with simply being mistress of all hler belong ings--husband inclusive-a great many ladies are unmistakably master also. Half the married men one knows can testify to this fact. The arrival of the oflicers selected from the various branches of tihe British army to reorganise thoVictorian Defence Force appears to have re-kindled the flame of military ardour in the breasts of the Volunteers. A large number of our citizen soldiers have re- enrolled them selvesin the Militia, and there is now no doubt that the full complement of men required will easily bo made up. The ap pearance of the new Commandant and his condjutors in their full war paint on every occasion when an excuse is offered those gentlemen to sport it, has doubtless Scaused every colonial youth to wish him Sself "crery inch a soldier." Tho beginning of thes end of the ap parently endless Education Commission is >at hand. There is now nothing remain ing to do except to draw up the final ro Sport and bring down tie curtain on what has somewhat irreverently been, for some timne past at least, looked upon as a farce. MIr. Rogers, the Chairman, has accepted Ian acting Supreme Court judgeship in Tasmania, and so it comes to pass that the proceedings of the Commission have perforce been brought to a close. Truly it is an ill wind that blows no one any gool. Victoria has to thank the sister island for relieving her of a veritable "Old Man of the Sea." "Boccacio" and " The Silver King" still continue to strut their little hour on the stages of the Opera House and Royal respectively, and are of course a sutll. oientattraction to the public,as no change in the programme of either place of amusement is yet announced. " Sithors to Grind" has been replaced at the Princess by "Ruth's Ramance " and "Miriam's Crime," but despite the very capable acting of the company appearing in those really good pieces, the attend anco has been the reverse of large. At the Bijou Mr. Grattan Riggs has just concluded a round of successful Irish characters, and enters to-day upon a fresh engagement. 