A Tennessee Olihst .. Oomcs to a houao in Hamilton Oounty. and rocks tho baby to Bleep every night. «ow» .then, by all tho; dwellers in tho notherl gloom, if thero is a restless ghost of any old ancestor of ours would liko to find'steadv omolovraent good wages in a ' quiet family and ' good . neighborhood, wo - can givo -.tho, porturbod spirit all it wants to do in tho silent rlino\of general housework, with Sunday, afternoon for itself, and ono night out overy.woek whon it oould go around and raiBO a . gaostlyiraokof with tho neighbors, and haunt all tho lonoly housos in tho noighborhood. What a gem of a house-servant a ghost would bo. . Novor i 44 boss" . baok ; ' always invisible. Tho. pio would como on tho -tablo as though it . were - sailing through tho air ; , tho carpet-sweeper wouia pormrrn us noiseless luncuona witnouc tho howling accpmpanimont. of . 4.Gnahna« "gnali-na-tha-wah— that war tho place whoyro ' tha whisky, ia plonthy— whaok I fol' dbo rol loll'' And at night it could haunt all tho pbjdctipnablo noighbors .until .thoy fled_ tho .noighborhood, and property .would- depreciate . 8pventy:fivp per cent., whon wo could buy it in. iapd whaok up with the ghost. . No : light, and no firo required for tho ghost's room. No private wAtohman wanted on . tho block; no . dog on the promisea. When a.burglar. climbed ' in at Uio window, and felt tho cold,- clkmmy fingers of tho ghost wriggling down the backof his neok; when hodrpvoatonrinohbowio- knifo clean through tho ghost's bosom five times, and tlio sp.eotro Bmjlcd sadly at' him, and showed ' > him where his throat had. been cut. olear;off; :pino years before— how tho robber would drop - his kit and.wing his restless flight to realms boyond.tho farthcrlimits of. tho oity corporate. And whon tho doorbell rang, the, ghost. would just stick its head clear through tho koy- holo and soo Who was there (before.- tho door-was oponed. And thoro would be no sweethearts loafing. about tho.kitohon Suadaynights— ah, no.. Trply, ;0 ghost would bo a great boon to .tho homo, and rany of -our roadors know of ;a ghost out of a iob. Bond hnn at once to this . oMcQ.—The Argonaut, 