ANSWERS TO GOERESPONDENTS. */REJECTED MSS. cannot, under any circumstances, be returned. The writers should keep copies. B, O'L.—No doubt it is unpleasant to be told to "move on," but on you will have to go, we imagine. Had you been reasonably diligent over that little loan business, and had you put yourself in a position to operate when the time for operation came, you might have been spared the disagreeable necessity. As it is you have only yourself to blame. After all you have not had a bad innings, When you went to the wickets no one expected you to make a stand, but you will have had about twenty months of office before your bails are sent flying. On the whole you have not done badly, and if you had had colleagues who were worth their salt, you might have avoided the mistakes you have made. Anyway you have been a vast improvement on that windbag Jerry, who expects to step into your shoes. 4 < MUSICAN,"—We do not know "what's up?" That things in general are Bomewhat mixed so far as the "artists " are concerned is evident. Judging by Mr. Summers' letters, the money is not forthcoming with that promptness which is dear to an artist's soul. A man's mind may be busy with the immensities, but at the same time he may like " the ghost to walk " with regularity and despatch. Whatever else the Festival may have done or left undone, it has certainly shown that the musical profession is a band of brothers, and that educating the public taste in matters pertaining to art is not a work likely to be undertaken gratis. _ Art is "divine," and "a mistress," and all the rest of it, but like everything else now-a-days, she must bring grist to the mill, or she will very soon find herself in a back seat. A number of gentlemen have projected a musical company, with limited liability, toj be called " The Musical Association of Australasia." Like the "artists," they have their eye on the main chance, Of course they wish to float the concern in order to supply a great want, and to benefit the public,*but at the same time they seek to attract investors by the. promise of fat dividends. Is it not high time that the humbug about "art/' and "artists," with which we have been nauseated for so long, should now cease ? The genuine artist, who has a natural aptitude for his vocation, is worthy, no doubt, of all respect, if he is industrious "and sober. But the pretensions of a number of traders on art—men and women who spoil canvas, or play some instrument like a carpenter uses a handsaw, or bawl and squeal out of tune, or model figures with idiotic features and impossible limbs, etc, at the same time loudly asserting their claim to respect and aclmiration as beings immeasurably above the common herd—are becoming insufferable. They are ' bad enough at present in all conscience, but what will they be when they are puffed by limited companies as stock in trade that must be cracked up ? " PBOGEESS."—You cannot understand why the Wesleyan Conference should make it a matter for congratulation that wbereaB in some other denominations alittle latitude of thought is allowed, the preachers of the Methodist denomination are fast bound in dogmatical fetters. The matter appears to us plain enough. It would be very awkward for men who have never been trained to independent thought, if anything approaching original were to he expected from them. It is so much easier to run in a groove and traffic with the thoughts of others thau to think out things for one's self. It is a favourite device of mediocrity and dulness to claim credit for stagnation. "PHILHARMONIC,"—You think that'your society would be capable of doing all that is required towards educating the taste of the Melbourne public in matters musical, without the assistance of another association, if it were well supported. Probably, but then, you see, the Philharmonic can only have one Bet of office-bearers, and what are a few billets among so many aspirants J " HOSPITAL ELECTION."—It is true that the " professional committeemen " have succeeded in getting rid of three most dangerous opponents by means of a technical objection, but if there is any spirit amongst the dissatisfied subscribers they will not allow themselves to be baffled in that way. There are other candidates to choose from, and they should receive the votes of all who desire to see the institution flourish. Messrs. Hart and Gibbs, as two of the very worst obstructives, should be " pilled," whatever may be done with the other retiring members of committee, " OPLD 0IEELAND."—We do not see anything to cause surprise. It waB only a question of time. That sooner or later some of them would turn Queen's evidence was perfectly certain. That they have remained true to each other for so long is the only astonishing thing about the business. You may always be sure that the brutal, cowardly assassin only needs opportunity to develop into a sneaking informer. Now that Farrell is exhibiting one of the prominent characteristics of his race, there is some chance of the reptile band that has been slaying men, women, and children « a houghing cattle, being squelched. ANANIAS. "—Your little game in trying to connect the constitutionahsts with the short comings of the ministry, is about on a par with your usual proceedings in point of morality, but it is scarcely creditable to your ingenuity and judgment. It is too thin — a greet deal too thin The constitutionalists undoubtedly supported the O'Loghlen administration fl B ? n . ous crises » but ^ was always on condition that their advice was taken. They never had any particular love for that noble band, but they naturally considered that anything was preferable to Jerry and his host of revolutionists and blood-sucking patriots. We can easily understand that you are elated at the prospect of getting jour men into office again, and then securing more stolen telegrams and orders for illustrated bosh, for you should not allow your feelings to run away with that little sense nature has grudgingly bestowed upon you. Try to steady your poor old brain. 