NEWS AND NOTES. The E and A. Co's Menmuir will leave Sydney on the- 10th inst: The Woosung (China Navigation Cö's line); is expected to leave Sydney, on the 6th inst. £500 has been.placed on the estimates for the discovery of a- new gold: field; in the Territory yielding. 6000 ounces. Messrs. D. Lindsay, Cuthbertson, and; their exploring party have rcturned'to the* Katherine, and are all reported.welL We understand' that Mr. Deane, manager - of the Mt. Wells Tim Company, is shipping eight tons of ore to Sydney bj the Whampoa,. We hear fronv the District Agent, Mr«. Hamilton,, that Messrs. Adcock Brother« have been appointed local agents for the Australian Mutual Provident Society, The Whampoa, the pioneer boat of the China Steam Navigation. Co., running in the Australian trade may be expected to-morrow morning, and will *iave quick despatch, A prospecting area has been granted' to* the holders of a new quartz- claim* situated' near Mount Tymm, The Warden (Mr. Nash) speaks in sanguine terms of toe-' ground. Mr. R. W. Bernard, manager of the B. Al T. Department, at Palmerston, has kindly forwarded us the following telegram received« by bim from the general manager at Singa- pore, to publish for general information :- > "October 26th, Repairing steamer Agnes, whilst at work on old cable, about 100 miles east of Banjoewangie, fouled and broke existing cable on Monday. She-met with great difficulties on account of adverse weather, but now put one Une through. Must rat urn to port to coal and replace cable gear lost and carried away. Hope to pat i second line through on rettun to position." By reference to the Gazette, it will be noticed that three new up-country magistrates naxe been appointed, Messrs. J, M, W. Johnson, Henry Poett, and David Daniels. The want of sufficient magistrates in the up country districts, for the transaction of ordinary legal business, will thus in a great measure be met. The geutlemcn named are in every way fitted for the appointments. The pile of »ubbish laving at Kilian's corner is positively dangerous these dark nights.. We know perfectly well that people can utilise their own land in any manner they deem fit which is not a nuisance to their neighbours, but when they choose to I store a lot of useless timber on an unfenced corner of a street they should at least put a light' on it to warn unwary pedestriaus. And they wou'd, if an accident occurred through any one unwittingly trespassing on their land and injuring themselves over su2h obstructions, be Just as liable as would a contractor who left a hole unguarded close to a thoroughfare. A scratch cricket match- was played' on Wednesday afternoon last, between eleven composed of the late an i vals by the Tanna- dice and a like number selected from the t members of the local Club* From the jump the strangers hadn't a ghost of a show, the Club eleven beating them badly in every department of the game. And they should be able to do so too.¿It is simply a matter of practice versus nene;, result,, practice hands down. The following are the-totals : All Comers, 1st innings,. 2T; P.D.C. Club, 1st innings 147 ; All Comers, 2nd innings, 8 out for 37. Some of the visitors showed very fair form ; and eleven men like King, Wells, Derisley and Herbert would be hard to beat, after they had a little practice. A meeting of those desirous of forming themselves into either a ' local Northern Territory Association, or of establishing a branch of that recently formed in Adelaide, is convened for this evening at eight o'clock, at the Exchange Hotel, Ia our opinion, the latter course will be the better one to- adopt, as the metropolitan one is established on a firm basis, and includes amongst its officers and members men of standing who would! be able to give the weight of their influence in carrying ont any suggestions which might be forwarded them from the local branch. We have a copy of the Adelaide Society's, rules ' before us which details the objects- of the Association, all of which will be conducive to the prosperity of the Territory,. At the Police Court on Tuesday last, before J, G. Knight, Esq, William Favell, for creating a disturbance, was fined 10s and costs of one witness. Thomas Coolon was charged with assault on a Chinaman named Ah Chee. It appears the latter was passing by the new Court House when defendant struck him twice -- once close to the Court House, the next time when opposite Dr. Morice's house. On the Chinaman asking what he did it for, the bully again and again struck him. Two Chinese witnessed the assault, which the defendant did not attempt to deny, seeming to think £2, and 31s costs a fair price for the pleasure. Perhaps, if Mr, Knight had thought he was so flush of coin he would have varied the fun, by sending the fellow to work in the labour gang for a couple of weeks, after which he would doubtless soon become more tolerant of Chinese. Mr. C. E. Herbert, solicitor, arrived by the Tannadice, on Saturday last. We understand that Mr, Herbert intends prac- tising in Port Darwin, where he will doubt- less meet with success. He brings with him what Lord Bacon considered one of the chiefest recommendations, "a pleasing countenance." Moreover his credentials are good ; it won't take a man a week to find out who and what he is, and who his fore- fathers were as they are pretty well known to South Australians, That he has obtained some reputation in Adelaide is pretty evi- dent by his having been retained by local litigants-some weeks before his arrival here. The little crowd; with their retaining fees in hand, must have made him feel gratified as they waited upon him and in " whispers low" explained the bearings of their several cases. Mr, Herbert's present address is the " Palmerston Club Hotel." where he has ob- tained suitable chambers for his purpose and where he may be consulted daily. A little sport was indulged in on Monday afternoon, in the shape of footracing, the competitors being- Mr. G. Loyden and a stranger, whose name we did not learn. The convincing ground was the upper part of Cavanagh-street, and a very large crowd assembled to see the match, which was, however, only for £5 a-side. Mr. Hamilton acted as starter,, but when he gave the word to go the stranger remained on the scratch, whilst Loyden trotted in a winner. Being theo too late to rectify the mistake, the money was paid over, and another match made between the two. While they were settling1 the preliminaries as to starting, two other men ran off for a fiver-a-side, but we aid not hear their names. Loyden and the stranger again came to the scratch, the local nan being decidedly the favourite. Mr. Carr-Boyd who then acted' as starter, Mr. Hamilton declining the doubtful honour, got them away well together, and it was soon pretty evident that the stranger could go, as be did not seem to have to strain himself much to witt by two yards, a result which seemed highly gratifying to the Queens landers present. Another match was ar- ranged to come off between the men, but through some unexplained cause it fell through, the stranger forfeiting the amount of the money staked, we believe £5. Mr. Hamilton, District Agent for the Australian Mutual* Provident Society, will, with Dr. Souîê, the medical officer accom- panying bun on his travels, leave Palmerston by the Whampoa Both gentlemen have -won for themselves golden opinions from all classes of our small community during their ' stay amongst us, of nearly three months' duration, and we are glad to say that their trip has been a most profitable one for tbemr nearly all the provident, and for that matter the improvident, having suddenly taken a fancj to insuring their loved existence» A fitting parting to a numerous circle of acquaintances was made at the Palmerston Club Hotel last night week, when Mr. Hamilton, in acknowledgment of many kindnesses received, invited a number of our | old and leading residents to a farewell' spread. Par parantkese, we may remark that the dinner deserved as many encomiums as the house in wbich it was provided, has already received from all who have used it. The clatter of knives and forks having at length abated, the usual toasting followed. After the' expressions of loyalty in this direction, Mr. Johnson, ia the usual laudatory terms,, proposed the giver, and Dr. Soul* came in for the like honour from. Mr. V. V" Brown, who in his usual jolly style- did his happy subject full justice. Both gentlemen re- sponded- in- reciprocally complimentary tern», after which several other toasts were dispatched, and the evening passed as it usually does in such cases, harmony and compliments vieing with each other for a few hours. Guest and host being pleased with each other, it was some considerable time before they separated, and when at length they did it was with mutual expres- sions, of respect and esteem, the invited wishing ihefr host a hearty farewell, coupled witha hope of soon seeing him again amongst us, whilst he was quite as ready to exprès* the wish that such might soon be the case. 