TUHF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS. Ill AsaODEDS. Tlic publication oi the great spring handicaps has not been without its influence on the sport ing community in general, and the separato pro ductions of Messrs. Barnard and Scarr havo sup plied ample food for discussion during the week. Thero has already been the usual "pulling to pieces" of theso gentlemen's handiwork, and there are not wanting signs to show that our public handicappers aro as keenly criticised as ever. Mr. Barnard, in particular, has como in for a good round of abuse, somo of his moro unsparing critics going so far as to declare tho handicap for the ' Melbourne Cup to bo tho worst that has ever been compiled for this event. In justice to Mr, Barnard it is well to bear in mind that thcro is nothing oasior in tho world, than to find \- fault, and as that official's task on the present occasion has assumed extraordinary propor tions it is only fair, in entering upon a critical analysis of the Melbourne Cap candidates, to moderate individual opinions within tho pale of leniency. Although already cognisant of certain irregularities aud inconsistencies which appear in Mr. Barnard's compilation, I am far from in- i clined to join in tho chorus of abuse which has bean oponly lovoUcd against- tho official classifier of woights to tho " V.H.C., and it may.be that those .who. have thus hastily condomnod tho MclbournoCnp manifesto will ultimately bo placed ' under the painful necessity of swallowing their own- words. Tarn sorry that tho initiative ha3' been |taken np by a section of the press notable for its - " wiping out" proclivities and. which has acquired a well earned reputation, for porsistently going out of Its way to "wipe out" actual winners of important races. Tho practice, , to say tho least of' it, is an ex tremely dangerous ano, and- -only- -tends to hold ono's self up to ridiculo., Tho raised standard of weights for. the" Mel bourne Cap has impartod an' altorcd complexion to this year's race as compared with former handi caps, and the heavily treatod division -appear in consoqacnco at tho first glanco to bp more harshly used than is really the case. Ia viow of the mul tifarious collection ho has to doal with and the different calibro of the candidates. Mr. Barnard is, in my opinion, fully justified in commencing at 10 st. 1 lb. with Commotion. As foar year -olds last season Darebin was awarded 9 St. 9 lb., and Commotion 9 st. 3 lb., and in faco of tho raised standard of 7 lb. Navigator, on the scoro ot comparative performances with tho forcnamed pair, has no reason to oroak at being asked to put up9st. 11 lb. Dceidodly tho worst treatod animal among tho top weights is Sogonhoe 9 at. 31b., and it is not surprising to know that tho pen was put through his namo instantly tho weights sppoarcd. There is nothing included in tho first scoro of names on tho list which I like so well as Stockweli at 8st. 13 lb., and I am strongly impressod with tho belief that tho Tasmanianbred horse, who Tan such a good socond last year at 7 st. C lb., must possoss a wonderfully good look in on tbeso terms. When untrained and unbacked ho fairly cut down a goodish field in tho Antumn Handicap, carrying S st. 7 lb. and running tho ono milo and fivo furlongs in 2. min. f>3.\ sec. This porformanco cannot bo estimated too highly, and, taking this lino as Tollable,! ho holds such horses' as Anglesey 7 st. 101bM Sardonyx 8st. 10 lb,,. Mistaken S st. 10 lb., and Coriolanus 7 st. 10 lb., safo as eggs, favorable though tho chances of tho foregoing may appear by comparison with other horses. Cunnamulla rah a groat homo when be won tho Wagga Gold Gup with 9 St., and in taking.off 4 lb. from ! that pxcollont pcr- ormanco Mr. Hall cannot complain at the treat ment ho has rceoivod. . Below ' Cunnamulla, Morman 8 at. -1 lb., and Archio 8 st. 3 lb., havo boon singled' out - as special' instances of ill usago on tho part of Mr. Barnard, but, for my own-part, I fail to ondorso tho harsh things that havo' boon' advanced on this head. Rathor, on tho contrary, am IinelUiod to applaud tho handicapper's treatment of- -Merman, for owners' who havo tho audacity to ecud horse3 to tho post in such conspicuously gross condition as wa3 Merman at tho Inst Gooiong Mooting aro amply deserving of having thoir conduct appre ciated in a, .manner not quito in keeping, with thoir expectations. It is good to know that Mr. 'Barnard has had his oyes widely opened in this- ipstanco, and tho exatnplo is a saljitary warning : to others who may fool inclinod to hoodwink handicappora by running their horses in public when in mud fat condition. As regards Archio, who is ontitlod to tako precedence as the cham pion two-year- old of his season, ho is not so badly treated as was Segonhoo last year, who ran a good horso under7st. 121b. , or Navigator 7 st. 91b., ho being equally well handled considering tho difforcnt standards of weights. Costing my cyolowor down the list tho following names strike mo as reading favorable among tho middlo weights, namely Calma 8 st., Off Color .7 st. 12 lb., Waterloo 7 st. 11 lb., I'romcthcua 7 st. 8 lb. and Santa Clous 7 st. 5 lb. Taking into ac count his thrce-ycar-old form, whon ho ran second to . Darebin for tho V.R.C. Derby, and finishod in advance of such pcrformors as Com motion, Sardonyx, Somerset, Royal Maid, Mon mouth, Spinningdalo and others, Santa Claus can claim to bo ono of tho best handicapped horses in tho Cup, but ho unfortunately bears tho ropulation of being unroliablo,. and is, more over, a difficult animal to train. Provided Sir, 'Dakin's perseverance succeeds in bringing tho horso back to his thrco-yoar-oldform, however, ho will necessarily command respect on tho day. There is such n plethora of rubbish among tho light weighted contingent— horses which could not win a Molbourne Cup with a half penny postage stamp on thoir hacks— thatlhavo neither inclination nor intention to penetrate their midst on tho pre sent occasion, and shall leave over a critical analysis of the handicap for succeeding issues of The Leader. Mcdnwhilo, 1 shall content myself by intimating that first impressions incline mo to favor tho preliminary seloction of STOCKWELL as a horso veil qualified to play a prominent part in tho great handicap event of tho ap proaching season. Tho Hawkesbury Handicap was declared on Monday, Pell Moll heading the list with 9 st. 6 ; lb,, hut I can see nothing amongst tho top weights j so woll in as Cunnamulla, who at 8 st. 7 lb. is 1 remarkably well treated; the samo remark apply. I ing to Masquerade 8 st., and Gipsy Cooper 7 st, | 12 lb. Tillimby, who in private gained tho ropntation of being Sting's master, is loniently | treated at 7 st. 2 lb,, and Delusion and Lo Beau havo no cause for complaint at 6 st. 3 lb. and 6 : st. rospectivoly. Archio, however, to my mind, | stands prominently out as having succossfnlly j won tho leniency of the handicappor, and should | ho start with 7 st. 8 lb. up it would bo difficult | to pick one to heat him. j The Metropolitan weights aro also published this week, Commotion, of course, being awarded tho sonior position. Hero, again, I liko Canna- I mulla particularly, as 8 st. 5 lb. certainly cannot j stop a horso that last December carried 9 st. | homo first in tho Wagga Cup, doing the two milca j in 3 min. 344 see. Calma, 7 st. 10 lb., Bhonld , run forward fit and well, as thoso who saw him dross Segonhoo and Boolka down at weight for age will admit. Prometheus is undoubtedly a ; groat horse, whose career, however, has so for j boon a very inconsistent one, hut at 7 st. 9 lb. ho I must bo treated with respect. Archio 7 Bt, 2 lb., | and Tillimby 7 st., also take my fancy. j Tho above remarks aro simply tho result of a ! cursory glanco at Mr. Scarr's handicaps, which I purpose at a future time dissecting in detail. Although tho Winter Stoeplcchaso mooting at Flemington promises to scouro a good allowance of public patronage, the fact of the weights for tho V.R.O. fixturo appearing simultaneously with thoso of the groat spring handicaps has cansed ho former to bo comparatively neglected for. the timo being, and tho jumping items havo boon allowed to remain in aboyanco pending a careful digost of the Molbourne Cup, Hawkesbury Han dicap and Metropolitan weights. Prominent among tho attractions at Flemington on tho 21st of July will bo the Grand National Steeplechase, tho candidates for which compriso tho crime de la crime of our cross country nags. I think I am justified in saying that the field is likely to be the host ono which has competed over tho big sticks at Flemington for somo timo past. ' Sim pleton justly heads the list at 12 st. 10 lb., which is not one onnco under what ho is entitled to. With 12 st. 4 lb., on his back we havo scon him settle the pretensions of a field composed of Twilight, Trumpeter, Turpin, Collingwood and .Verdi, and on two difforcnt occasions ho ran second to Himalaya undor tho steadiofs of 13 st. 2 lb. Simpleton has since enjoyed a twelve month's spell in tho well grassed paddocks of Minors' Rest, and his display at Caalficld last April, on tho occasion of tho victory of his stable companion Vanlter, was snch as to favor tho bo- liof that ho has not lost his form. I hear very favorablo accounts of Simploton, who is doing famously under Howie's chargo, and I expect to sco him strip an improved animal whon ho noxt appears at Flemington. Lothair, who ha.; nover yet started for a steeplechase, is very harshly nsod in being placed within 5 lb. of a horso of Simploton's cre dentials, and I despair of seeing his namo among tho acceptors. According to Mr. Barnard's esti mation of Lothair, tho Maiden Steeplechase must boaforegohocoucluaionforMr. Howio's horso, who, good though ho ho over tho hurdles, has yot to provohis cxcellcneo over the big timber. Trum- potor is woll onough treated at 12 st., an t below his namo nothing roads dangerous until wo coma to Bryan O'Lynn, lOst. 11 lb., whoso victory ot Caulfield must not ho lost sight or. Sailor's triumph orcr tho samo ground must likowiso bo kept in mind,, and at tho lumdy woight of 10 st. 10 lb. I am inclined to entertain a strong par tiality for tlio cliostnut. Chrysalis at tho samo woight is too for advancod into tho soro and yellow to havo any chanco with tho top sawyers ; wkilo Obadiah is asked to carry a stono moro than when ho lod homo a weak field at Fleming, ton last autumn — a task I doubt his ability to ac complish. Euchro I regard as a likoly horso to effect a big coup sooner or later, and as I havo reason to boliovo that ho has never yot been thoroughly, well, it is only a matter of timo to get him chorry ripo and land a big stako somo day or other. From all I can glean ho is doing famously at present, 'and hopes aro ontertaincd of bringing him fit to tho post. Alkambra 10 st." 4lb„ and Black Jacket 10 at. 31b,, nro both considoratolytrcatod, hut not moro so than Famo and Lizotto at 10 st. each, whoso dttitl ..at, Flemington will bo anticipated with somo. in terest. Bcsidos remarking that Hopo, who is at tho bottom of tho Grand National list, is a pro- mising member of Glasscock's team from whom groat things aro expected, I shall for tho present satisfy myself with this preliminary allusion to the handicap, leaving over a moro careful analysis until something definite is known to warrant tho advancement of moro pronounced ideas as to tho probablo destination of the grand prix. Tho Grand National Hurdle Race, like its name- sako of tho big jumps, promises to he an equally really hard nut to crack. Lothair heads tho list with 12 st, 9 lb., and i3 called upon to concode 4 lb. to Gamo and 1st. each to Buzza and Rhesna. Lady Hampden, who has never conclusively proved hor weight carrying powers in first class company, is hold comparatively safe at 11 st. 71b., while Trumpotor, 11 st/, has yot to provo himself au fail over tho small fences. Triplet has 1 lb. less than she ran second with at Caul- field lost Saturday, and ub the increased distance is likoly to suit hor sho must be hold to possess a winning chance. Matador, 10 st. 4 lb., is a horso that has long sinco boon expected to do something good over tho hurdles, but up to tho present his bohavior has boon somewhat disap pointing, though 1 don't despair seoing him cut a respectable figuro when his timo comes. Ho has scarcely had suffioiont public practice over tho hurdles to thoroughly qualify himself for the business, but when sufficiently matured ho is bound to make his mark, for ho is a horse of acknowledged calibro on the fiat and up to woight. Barwon, 10 st. 21b., is also new to the jumping game, hot with porsovoranco I havo no doubt that tho painstaking Sovior will eventually mould him into a servicoablo perforator. Mr. S. G. Cook's pair— Basilisk, lOat. 2 lb., and Tho Joker, 9 st. 13 lb.— road dangerous, while Sparko and Ontario, 9 st. 13 lb. each, are possessed of satis factory privato ropntations. Australian Court (late Stag) has boon fairly lot loose at 9 st. 6 lb,, and if he can only bo brought back to tho form ho exhibited at Adolaido last season I shall look no further for tho winner. Dizzy performed so woll undor woltor weights at tho lato Warrnam- bool Amateur Tnrf Club mooting that his pros pects look admirablo on papor at 9 St., but out- sido tho stable nothing is known either of bis- jumping or staying capabilities. The Handicap Flat Raco, of one mile, will not ho the least important fcaturo in the Winter, | Stoeplcchaso programme. After their brilliant | performances last Saturday t'nostablo companions, Tho Ghost, 9st. 12 lb., and Transferred, 9 st. 9 lb., could not rightly bo expected to occupy any other position than at tho top of the tree. Neither can Allander complain at being called upon to carry 9 st. fi lb. after hia meritorious display over the samo distance at Sale. Mr. Barnard has kopt tho mysterious Mormon woll up to tho mark at' 9 st. 4 lb., whilst Chuckster 9 st. 4 lb., Wizard, 9 St., Verdure 9 St., aud Contcssina 8 st. .13 lb., arc each awarded cvory pound they aro . indivi dually entitled to. Squireen is well enough- treated at 8 st. 121b., bat thodistanco is beyond his ken. Josephine, at 8 st. 5 lb., is perhaps the best treatod animal in tho handicap, and noxt to her I liko Linda 8 st. 5 lb,, Castaway Sat. 21b., Whisper 7 st. 12 lb., Xoiiliyr 7 st. Gib.,. and Rooftreo 7 st. 2 lb. Favored by fine weather last Saturday the Vic toria Amateur Turf Club's meeting at Caulfield was a most dccidod success, a result not entirely duo to tho favorahlo atmospheric surroundings,, however, as thero can be no doubt that to tho liberality of tho com mittee in framing their programme tbo presence of such - satisfactory fields may be ascribed. In troth tho Caulfield coarse and its appointments are things to ho viewed with admiring wondor when one considers in how short a spaco of timo alt has been accomplished. Mr. Bond; however, is nover satisfied, and no soonor is one improvement completed than another ia commenced, and thus it is that tho onco rough and rugged Caalfiold hesthis nowthosito of tho mo3t complete raco. courso in Victoria, with ono single exception— the V.R.C. course at Floinington, which it would bo unreasonable for any other club to hopo to equal, socing that the Flemington course is second to few, or perhapBnonc, in tho world. If Mr. Bond conld only succcod in getting soma alteration effected to thoso abominable railway gates, where people havo to bo drafted out liko sheop, I should positively look in vain for a single fault to find with Caulfield. True to his sporting instincts and usual custom his Excelloncy tho Governor " tooled" his own neatly appointed team, and accompanied by his suito remained on tho courso throughout tho entire afternoon. Mr. Bond has established him- solC as tho ladies' secretary par excellence, for I havo never boforo aeon at a raco mooting an nt- tondanco so largo a proportion of which be longed to tho gontlo sox— a fact no doubt ac counted for by tho happy thought which last year suggested tho raco for tho Ladies' Trophy. Tho first item on last Saturday's card was tho Soiling Race, for which Mr. Look's colt Halifax was backed freely at 2 to I, bnt the ' well bred avorito could only juat manage to beat so many as heat him, running foarth'in a field of aoven i thus giving tho layors of odds a good start. Castaway, who was ridden by S. Davis, could have made o very post a winning post, foraltbough Nymph, whom I solocted as tho probable winner, ran a good second so far as position was con cerned, tho winner had ovidontly any amount of go in hor, and won with considorablo oase, Whisper gaining third placo just in front of tho favorite. Ton good performers contested the Hurdlo Raco, which wus won cleverly by Buzza, well ridden by his owner, thus justifying tho con fidence Ihad ropo3od in both horso and rider. Triplet ran a good mare, but although Mr, Inglis took tho last turn wido onough to givo King an open ing, which ho quickly took advantngo of, tho gelding showed the most foot in tho straight run, andhadno difficulty installing off tho Adolaido mare's rush. Tho Ballarat pcoplo mado no accret of huviug a good thing in Musidora, who was very heavily backed at 4 to 1, hut although M'Gowan had hor in a good position nearly all tbo way sho finishod behind Bnzza, Triplot and Dovilahoof. Tho latter indulged in somo of his usual capers boforo tho start, succeeding in -brooking a girth, whicli dolayod tho horses at tho post' for about ton minutes. Gambler, whom many, supposed would bo prominent with 10 at. up, cut up very badly ; iu fact his unaltered position of last throughout could scarcely htvrf" . boon indicative of truo form, V'" That tho Victoria Gold Cup— tho one raco in! tho programme restricted to gontlomon ridors-2 . should havo boon contested by tho smallest .field ; of tho day is certainly not as it should iiav! | boon, and again I would ask tho reason why iliesa- ovonts do not fill well? Whatever may bo tbq . cause, it is cortain that but littlo oncourageaioriS is given for committees to offer valuablo trophioa whon such a race as this in tho programme ot art amateur club brings to tho post but a bare h.iY. -dozen. Howovor; tbo raco was woll worth wit ncssing for sovoral reasons, and nomore ealisfaw - tory victory could havo been rocordod than that of young Godfrey Watson, tho worthy son of a- , worthy sire, With a splendid soot, pluck which'- > is inherent, and giftod with judgment which foi?. amateurs of his ago possess, this, youngest sciotf. of tho Watson family bids fair to rival, .ami in deed surpass, in succpss his- older brother, '. who, by. tho way, . attompted the difficult;, andsomowhat daugorons task of riJing Baronet- . without a saddle, being aovoral pounds ovew . - weight. Old Abdallah by no- means disgraced - himself by running second to so brilliant a ini/H-'t j turn in parvo as Black Jaokot, ut Mr. wi) I Pender's determined effort at tho laat turn was oi; " no avail, the old horso boing completely outs' paced. Tho rider of Gold Top, liko good -.vino,1-. will doubtless improve with ago, hut I must re. . mind Mr. Rogors that forgetting bow many times, the courso has to be traversoi (as ho admitted having done) is not likely to irid ium in securing a winning bracket in compotilion with snclf . cracks as tho Watsons, Inglises and Pcndors. Tho raco for tho Ladies' Trophy marked a rod- lottorin tho history of tho V.A.T.C., bringing together tho largest field- that oror ran in Ans4 tralia, and within throe of tho largost recorded iff . England. Littlo wondor that Mr. Bond, tha . club's popular and courteous secretary, was proud . of so great a triumph, for I boliovo that tha , inauguration of this race last yoar was his sugges-. :r tion. As a matter of course iu such a crowd, - good or bad luck at the start affected the chances of at least a scoro, but at the first possibla oppor- . tuuityMr. Watson— wisoly I thought— let them go to a hotter start than perhaps auy but so ex perienced a band could havo accomplished. Dukedom, Transferred and Mamolultc certainly got all the best of it, but a dctailod description of such a scramble is impossible except in re spect lo thepartborneby the loading division. Per- . haps tbo most remarkablo fcaturo of tho raca was tho prominent part played by tlio two horses . in.whom tho pnblio had reposed most conGdcnce; indeed, until the distance post was noarjy -. reached- it looked . littlo short of certain that . Transferred and Liddingtoa- would- run first and second, when Tho Ghost camo like a shot and settled all doubt by winning with two on three lengths to spare. Tho result further strengthened my frequently expressed opinion that Batty ia tho best "all round" horseman in Australia, for soldom indeed can be found eo export a cross country rider, posnpssing such ad mirablo judgment of paco as this popular horse man appears to bo endowed with. On this occa sion ho finishod in excoUent company, having , Bower and O'Brien for his immodialo attendants. . I must confess that I failed amidst tho rapid in- . termingling of colors to distinguish tbo position , of my selection Bar One, who I suppose was one' of thoso whose position at tho start kept them firmly in the rnck. The places occupied by Tha - Ghost and Transferred reflect great credit on Jones, tho Caulfield trainer, who, however, must have boon sorely disappointed that (boy wore not reversod, as I know that Jones considered Trans ferred with a good start wa3 noxt to a moral. Such, howovor, is tho unccrtaiaty of racing, tho ' ' element perhaps of all others whicli accounts for : its groat popularity. TlioOpon Steeplechase servod, as mauy a similar . event has done, to introduco another Ballarat sncooss, General Jackson hailing .from that always dangerous quarter. Although the immediate friends of the slablo know how - good a thing they had in tbo maiden son of Atheling, tho public were not "on," , nd . Vanlter's unoxpeotod overthrow was therefore a , windfall for tho bookmakers, Mr. Bailey's big chestnut, it must bo remembered, was giving the winnor (who is also G years old) IG lb., no incon- - siderable concession to such a cliukor as the. General ovidontly is, and moreovor, from Vanl ter's magnificent, feucing on the Queen's birth- . day at the Hunt Club mooting, I am induced to boliovo that tho going at Flomington suits him hotter than Caulfield. Whon Scobio took him ' to tho front at the sod wall it looked for a moment a guinea to a gooseberry on tho favorito, bnt tha . light woight had tho question settled whon onoa fairly in tho straight, and I havo littlo doubt we shall hear of him again in a similar position ere long, for, despite tho fact that a bare Iongtb and a half separated the two, M'Gowan, if I mistake not, had " a bit up his sleeve" at tho finish. Respecting tho Caalficld mooting, I suppose a littlo mild sclf-laudation is oxcusalilo in faco of tho fact that, adopting my invariahlo onatom of tipping hut ono horso for an ovenl, I succeeded, out' of fivo races, in naming two firsts and two seconds. Nymph, who was solocted as tho pro bablo winner of tho Selling Raco, ran second, beating a rod hot favorito iu Halifax ; lluzza and Black Jacket, who were given for their respec tive races, beat thoir fields baudsomcly, and Vanltor ran socond to a maiden benefited by a light woight. Tho Bracelet was suoh an open event that had my selection, Bar Ono, claimed Mr. Vowlcs's notice I should havo freely con fessed tho luck of such a success. I havo already obsorved that owing to tho altorcd scalo on which tho Molbourno Cup handi cap is framed many horsos appear at a first glanco to bo harshly treated, whoreaa comparison botweon thoir woights and others in tho list loaves less to . find' fault with than might bo first supposod. Comparing tho Molbourno Cup and Metropolitan weights, however, somo pccu- liar 'inconsistencies appear, oavoral horso3 boing" lighter weighted in tho Cup than in tho Metro politan, which is rfnmcd on n lighter ncalo, tha minimum woight being half a stono loss. Thus, for instance;' Goldfindor has 1 lb, faa in tho Cop " than Mr. Scarr has awardod him amongst his lighter woighted opponents in tlio Motropolitah ; and considoring that as a two nnd Ihroo-yoar-old .hie son of Nowbold and Fair EIlou wou six racc3 straightaway, tho Sydnoy handicapper has treated him not sovcrely, bat' with moro re gard to his performances than has Mr. Barnard. In 'the osso of Prometheus thore is also a dif ference of 1 lb., his Cup weight boing tho lighter of tho two, and hero also Mr. Scarr sooms to have tho best of it, after duo consideration of tho weights, . as compared with other horses in cach racc. Glencoe iB another instance ; in this case, however, .tho difforonco is 4 lb,, but I like Mr. Barnard's judgment bcre, for Glencoo's bost performance was winning tho City Handicap at Brisbano, a mile and a quarter ; and that ho, . although a year older than Archie, ehonld & called upon to givo tho latter 10 lb. in the Metropolitan, Bcems to bo at variance with all sensible reasoning. In tho caso of Santa Claus, who has 0 lb. loss in tho Cup than in the Metropolitan, few, I think, will bo found to cavil at tho heavier impost. Although an un doubted rogue,- the ecceutric son of Glorious clearly' fihowod by running second to Darcbiu for tho V.R.C. Derby, in 2 min. 414 soc., that tbo previous reports of his swallow catching at Caul- fiold were perfectly well founded ; and although his four-year-old career wa3 marked by con tinuous failure, I certainly think that Mr. Scarr has apportioned a just weight to Santa Ciaus, whom Mr. Barnard has indeed favored. Respect ing Recovery and Caractacus I think their Cup weights aro every pound of what they are en titled to, although in his lighter handicap Mr. Scarr has given them moro ; nor can I aco justi fication for Zulu, who has not raced since ho won tho Melhonrnc Cup with 5 st. 10 Ih. , being loadod with 8 st. 2 lb. in tho Metropolitan.; and X am quite satisfied that in this caso Mr. Bamard'3 handicap, 7 st. 11 lb., is a mnch better award. I have not solectcd those woiglits with a viow to discloso defects in cither handicap, but simply from the fact that all horses truly handicapped in both would naturally liavo to carry moro in the Cup than in tho Metropolitan, and theso fow Wore cases to tho contrary which deserved a passing notice. Tho union of Marihyrnong and Tho Fawn lias been, perhaps, the most successful to bo found recorded in Australian breeding annals, from it Laving sprung, Richmond, Scgcnhoo, Palmyra nnd Warwick— a quartette of unrivalled bril liancy. Mr. Matthew Bryant, of Cairn Curran, has, therefore, I think, acted wisely in securing Boswortb, " a full brother to the abovenamed cracks, and himself a brilliant, if somowhat erratic, performer, to do duty at the stud. Grand National Stcoplocbases aro thick as blackberries this season, tbo programme of tho Adclaido Racing Club's mooting to be held on the 4th and Stli of August including a G. N. Steeple with 200 sovs. added ; 150 sovs. being given to tho Grand National Hnrdlo Race. . ; The seltlomont of tho griovanco between tho Goebngand Saloracing clubs will boreceived witb satisfaction by all true sportsmen, the moro so as I lifS ile folka are to bo allowod undisturbed pos session of tho date originally fixed, and to which, aa'tiio grounds of prior declaration, I think it mast be allowed they wero entitled. At the saftic time the Gcelong secretary has wisely an nounced thus early that next year they claim the right-.to bold their meeting within a fortnight or Ike V.R.O. Wintor Steeplechases, so that no mis understanding can possibly arise which need compel them to again alter their date. .The Dcniliquin Jockey Club hold their wintor meeting on tkolSth inst., for which the weights will bo delcarod on Monday next, the 9th inst. Consequent upon their Caulfiold victories last \- Saturday, Black Jacket anil Gcnoral Jackson aro ineligibio to start for tho Maiden Steeplccbaso at the Grand National Meeting, (for which they were both entered. .As tho General is not in tho Grand National Steoplcchnso ho will not bo seen at Flemmgtoti on tho 21st, but Black Jacket's weight in tho big event is only 7 lb. more than ho carried so well on tho 24th May, when ho ran second to Vaultor after loading his field uenrly the whole journey at a raro pace. Mr. E. 1C. Cox has decided to allow a limited number of marcs in addition to his own tho ser vices of tho .mighty Darcbin, but has wisely limited the number to ten. Darcbin's fee (30 guineas) I look upon as remarkably modorato considering the lineago and performances of tho stalwart son of Luviine, and koon competition will lako place amongst owners of woli bred maros for a place amongst tho first ten accoptod applicants. Tha English horse Vespasian is ad vertised by the Fern-hill stud mastoron tho same terms, and Biinklioolio's son Blink Boy (half brother to Petrarch, Proto-Martyr and others) at 15 guineas.' Quecns.borry, by Ilawthorndcn— Algeria (and thorofors a full sister to Anglcsoy), who was a good porformc'r in Now South Wales, has bid farowcli to tho course and goes to the stud. , When at.Ballarat last week I saw Fearnought, the winner of the Maiden Stooplocbaso at Warr- nambo6l,' who is at prosont located at Mr. B. Hopburn's private stables. His neor fore leg still presents an ugly appearance, and a couple of un successful' attempts havo beon mado to blister it. Mr. Hepburn has now taken the colt into his own . Sands, and oxpccts to get him all right in a couplo sf months. - Ho intends to spell him until next rear's Grand National Mooting at Flemington. Tho rovisod rules of tho Victoria Racing Club, which wore published in pamphiot form recently, camp, into operation on tho 1st of this month. Ati many of ..tho alterations and additions affect most important points in racing law, itwould bo ., well for. a|I, interested to obtain copies and post Ihcmselves up in tho revised codo. Tho disqualification of Mr. O, S. Agaow by . tiie etowards of 'tho Tasmanian Turf Club has caused quite 'a hubbub in tho usually placid racing ciroies of the island colony. Tho gist of the whole affair will bo gathered from the foiiow- ing. Resolution recently passed by the stewards of tho T.T.O. That Mr. O. S. Agnow, having booh guilty of improper conduct towards the atowards of -this club by having publiely. stated tlibjr b'ad robUed-him of tho Launceaton Cup in not upholding; tho ; protest against ..Rhesus, ho -, disqualified for a term, of tjvelvo months from date, -andthptno horsp, .in which ho is wkplly or- partly- ' interested, be allowed to run .upon T.T.a.cpuijs,. during tho poriod. of diaquaiiflea-; tion,":. A mpptipg oi tho committee. of tho. club waa hpid . afterwards, when tho action of, tho ttowtirds writ confirmed, and the seoretary was instructed to forward a copy of tho resolution to Mr. Agnow, and to all tho loading cluba in tho colonies. "Morlin," tho well informed contributor to tho Launceaton Examiner, thus criticises tho action of tho stowards : — " Tho notico that tho T.T.C. stewards aud committco had disqualified Mr. Agnow camo with aurpriso to tho public, and as tho straightforward Squire of Waverlcy is very popular with all sections of racing. mou, tho disqualification caused much regret.' Tho dispute aroso out of Tho Assyrian Launcoston Cup protest, and happoned at Hobart on tho night that Tho Assyrian won the Hobart Cup. Mr. Agnow, it eocms, foolishly lost- his tompor, and it is alleged that ho then mado uso of tho words at tributed to him. Tho Assyrian protest in Laun ceaton, I may romark, was only carried by tho casting voting of the chairman, nnd Mossrs. C. Parker, R. O'Connor, W. Grubb and tho Into H. Douglas voted in favor of Tbo Assyrian, aud Mcsssrs. J. Forguson, J. B. Curran, H.' R. Falkincr, aud 0. Ralston in favor of Rhesus, and as the casting vote was in favor of tho latter the pro test was dismissed. Mr. Agnow, wo understand, contends that he did not make any remarks in any way reflecting upon tho stewards as a body, and that tho matter was simply a personal quarrel between two of tho gentlomon and him self. Whother tho stowards had any jurisdiction iu Hobart romains to hp seen, but at anyralotho question was taken up on behalf of tho stowards as a body, notwithstanding Mr. Agncw's dis claimer. There is no doubt the stewards aud committco have made a mistako in pronouncing a sentence of disqualification, as it is null and void by sovcral rules. Ono rulo provides that action must ho taken within a certain date, which has elapsed long ago, and another that a sentence of this kind must be confirmed by a general moeting of tho members of tho club, which has novcr hocn called. Under another rulo, although ho i3 disqualified, Mr. Agnow may, owing to tho loosely wordod conditions, run ail his horses at any meeting of tho club in tho namo of any one so long as tho person is not guilty of dishonest practices, improper conduct, fee. Ti ls rulo, it is hardly necessary to state, wants alteration, and tho now V.R.C. rules provide for this. When we have had the spectacle presented lately of Mr. Agncw's accusers sitting in judg ment upon him, it seems a pity that the matter had not been referred to a tribunal of gentlemen acquainted with racing law— say consisting of Messrs. John Lord, Tho3. Rcibey, W. Dodory, William Field and Charles Parker. Tho decision of such a tribunal would have satisfied everyone, instead of which wo havo an action commoncod against the club, and a lot of ill feeling, and tho result will bo that a lot of harm will be done to racing." At a recent meeting of the Tasmanian Turf Olub Mr. Jas. Hamilton, wiio has officiated as honorary secretary bince the re-organisation of tho clnb, intimated that ho could no longer act in a similar position. The committco decided to awnrd Mr. Hamilton a sum of £25 as au honora rium fcr past services, nnd also fixed his salary at £50, to commence from next annual meeting. Tho finances of tho Tasmanian Turf Club aro in a satisfactory condition, end at a committee mooting hold last week it was decided to placo . £250 out on interest. It is well tho club's funds arc such as to bo able to meet requirements iu case of an adrerso j udgmcnt in the impend ing law proceedings threatened by Mr..O. S. Agnew. Tho Examine r announces that a match for £20 asido, botwocn Mr. Joseph Pov, -oil's Cup Day nnd Mr. W. Jonos's Sportsman, took placo on Mowbray racecourso on Saturday afternoon, and considering tho unpropitious weather tho attendance far surpassed expectation. Tho dis tance was one mile, and Cup Day had to carry 10 st., and his antagonist 9 st. Tho going was I heavy. Cup Day, who had tho ndvantago in condition, was tho favorite with odds on him, and rightly .19 it proved, for ho won easily onough. Cup Day jumpod off at score, but nl. lowed tho other to lead him slightly at the baok of tho courss, and though they raced together for some timo, Cup Day led into the straight and won without tbo semblance of a struggle by about thrco lengths. Tho winner, was ridden by T. Keating, and Sportsman by Kilby, The timo was 2 min. 51 sec. Tho Murrdmhidgoe Turf Club will boBomewkat cantor than usual m tho fioid this yoar, having Gxed their dates for 21st, 22nd and 23rd Novem ber, Fortunately for turf interests in Rivoritia tho district fairly bristles with sportsmen of tho true stamp, who not only patronise but support tho club's meetings with the liberality of en thusiasm. The Gold Cup, to which 300 sovs. are added, will this year bo presented by Messrs. Douglas and Longhnan, and as a matter of course tho Town Plato and Grand Stand Stakes figure a3 usual in tho programme. Tho distances for these two racos are, howovor, altered to a mile and a half and a mile and a quarter respectively, and tho Cup has been roducod from two miles to a mile and a half. Considering that the added money amounts to £1300, it is quite unnecessary to foretell a success for tho M.T.O., which, it must bo admitted, is, and indeod always has been, well deserved. - blow Tom, who achioved an nncnviahlo notoriety at Bourko, changed hands recently, and on Monday won a three handed match lor Mr. Warren, bia new owner. The starters "were Slow Tom, Edith and Dollar, weights 12 St., . and owners to ride.. Tom bcliod his name by lundiog tho swoopstakos in good stylo. Acommittos mootingof tho V.R.C. was hold on Tuosday, when tho disqualification of tho iiorso Old Jack by the Parkoa Jockey Club was endorsed, togothor with that of Jiis trainer Lawronco, for lifo, and his nominator M'Goo for twclvo months. The oases of Everlyn and M'Lellan, who havo been ostracised for lifo, were also considered and tho verdicts endorsed, as was the disqualification of tbo horse Talisman (late Happy Land) for fraudulent nomination. Those salutary lessons should assist in keaping evil doors in chock, ' > i ; Maurice Griffin; has . addod Bordormnnlo Iub 'string. . It has boon found nocoesary to give Claptrap a rest, owing, I boliovo, to tho colt having sprung a curb. Napoleon, who. ran : third; in tho Htcopleohaso at Caulfiotd on Saturday, has 'beat sold, to Mr. M'Konna, tho prico boing stated as £100, at i which figure the buyer has not mado at all a bad I bargain. . . | Don Podro, whose career at Caulfiold has not beon a marked success, haB gone into Coffey a stable. I havo received a copy of Centaur's Index for 1SS3, which has bean issued within two days of tho publication of tho groat spring handicaps. Amongst a multiplicity of useful information are tho weights for tho Hawkcahnry Haudieap, Metropolitan Stakes, Caulfiold and Moibourno Cups, lists of winners of tho principal ovont3 of tho Australian turf, and entries for races to comc. Following tbeso corao tho performances of all borsos engaged in the principal spring handicaps. This littlo work, always accoplahle, is more com pletely compilod than any previous numbers have been, containing 52 pages more than last yoar, and comprising in handy form a xadc mecum of infinite uso to all sporting men. Mr. J. J. Miller's Sporting I'amphlcl is to hand, containing, in addition to tho usual items of information, an Official Trotting Record, which tho compiler nnnouncos is published by author it of tho Victorian Trotting Club. Elsewhere will be found a letter from Mr. C. S. Agnew re his disqualification by tho Taamsninn Turf Club, wherein lie appoils to ail racing clubs ill Australia to withhold endorsing tho decision until such timo as tho matter is adjudicated upon by tho Supreme Court of Tasmania. Messrs. W. C. Yuillo and Co. held an impor tant sale of racehorses on Tuesday, wlieu Kam- brook, Lupclln, Halifax, Yerlo and Queen Elizabeth changed hands publicly ; Colsloun and Illusion having been sold previously to Mr. J. Book for 1000 guineas. Coriolanus was submitted hut bought in by Mr. Maitland. Particulars of the sale appear in another column. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. report having sold the racohorso Tramway to Mr. A. Johnson for 40 guineas. Already tho scratching!! for the approaching spring ovonts havo commoncod ; Sogenhoe, Mor peth, Comet, The Drummor and Bundoora having retired from tho Melbourne Cup, and Ad Valorem, Comet and Anglesey from the Metropolitan. The withdrawal of Scgcnhoo from the Cup will, I apprehend, surprise hut few, for of the'whoio 150 I think tho Marihyrnong Plato . winner was undoubtedly the worst treated. Ad Valorem'a defection from the Metropolitan ia owing to the colt having broken down. 