THE EIGHT HAND OF THE MOST HIGH. BY. THH BET. SAMITHI, MAETIN. ?íAnd I said, thia Ja my infirmity, hat I will remember the years of the right band of tho Most High.-PSALM, IxxviL io: THBBE aro tbree kinds of ppeaking in this psalm, speaking to God, epoaldng' tn our fellows, and Bpeak Jng to one's self. "' í o ri od unto God with my voice, eyen unto God with my voice ; and he gave «ar unto me." "I commune with mino own heart ; and my gwritnmde diligent search." "I will meditate also of authy work, and talk ot" thy doings." Each kind of Bpeaking" is important, useful, and obligatory in season ; but thero ia a temptation to nogloot the taroo -soleo ono, perhaps, moro than another, yet thero in a temptation to neglect, tho thrao. We fail in our epeaking to God ; wo fail in oar epeaking: to ono another ; wo fail in speaking to our own kearta. And this communing' with ono's own heart, is very import- ant, and by many muoh neglected. What thou<jhta are auggostcd to you by tho words', " I oommuuo with mino own hoart "? Takon in connection with followehip with God, what communing have mo with our OWÎJ hoart in tho preecneo-in tho actual prtsenoe-with tho fcoiing that he ia watching that communing, and with tho hopo that ho will givo to it a blessing ? Thero ia a different rendering of tho words before ns. " Thon I said, it is my aiokuoss, tho ycara of tho right hand of tho Most. High." < You remem- ber that paesago in tho lat Epiatlo to Peter, -" Humblo yoursolvos, therefore, under tho mighty luind of God, that Ho may oxalt you in duo time." "Thon I said, I am nndor tho mighty bsnd of God-doprosBod by that hand-sustained by clio othor hand that is beneath, but depressed by that hand. And I said, It ÍB my niokneas ; I am under tho mighty hand of God." But tho translation in our Torsion seems most strict, and most in harmony. " And I said, Thia ia my infirmity-all this God for- getting to bo frraciouo, and shutting up His tender morey-all this mercy oloan gono for over- all this favourable no moro. I said, Thia Í3 my infirmity ; this ia not worthy of my oharaofcor ; this is not worthy of my position as a servant of God. I said, This i« my infirmity ; but I will romombor tho years of tho right hand of tho Most High." Now, to how many of our thoughts and footings and spiritual nttorancos may wo apply thoso words ,fThis is my infirmity?" Of hard thoughts of God, of dark viowa of His providence, of distrustf ul feeling towards God, and often of corresponding thoughts and views and feelings toward mon, we may say, "This is my infirmity." And tho weakness of tho body, faults in tho spirit, and Satanic influenco, aro tho fountains and tho causes of thoso utterances. It would bo well if wo Behool od ourselves thnn : " This Ja my infirmity : this is my infirmity." Solf-chiding is unpleasant work, and, thorei'oro, it is work loft undone. Wo often blaino others when wo ought Boverely to blauio oursolvos. Tho rosolution recorded hero was formed during a sovoro conflict, as you huvo toon roimndod by tho words I havo read to you,-a Bovere enuiliot with unbelief. Tho psalmist rosolvcs, as Rn antidoto to despondonoy and fear, to bring1 tho past and tho present--rooolloetions and existing con- sciousness-tho day of his trouble and yoars of joy- ousness-tho right hand of tho Most High and his enemies and troubles,-ho resolvos to bring them into comparison-to bring them together. "1 will remember tho yoara of tho right hand of tho Most High." You know this faonlty o£ momory is intended to jnako tho past prosent to us, and spiritually to pro- ng life. Our own past and tho past gonorally, so far as we know it, aro thus to bo brought togother and made ono life, ospooially one'« own past. "I will romomber tho yoars of tho right hand of tho Most High." Now, tho efficiency of memory is, in Bomo cases dopandont upon volition, nnd it is a faculty in tho exorcise of which wo may got much help from tho Holy .'....ost. Bomotimos recollections ariao without our u'vy, in spito of it-ap;ainst it. In other cases'. i*d.to say, obtaininghelp from God, "I will romom ho years of the right hand of tho Most High." :if,iio words " tho years," roprcsont either the povi.,u-tho ages-through which God has boon working, or *"ho psalmist's own years. The contrast isbotwoon tho years and the day of His trouble. " In this day of my troublo, I will remember tho yoars of tho right hand of tho most High." Now, theso words -" of tho right hand of tho Most High "-represent the power of God aa put forth-as manifested-in all sovereignty and sufiicieuoy on behalf of thoBO who trnst m Him. ? Let mo hero roinind you for a moment that God .works. He lias hands. God works really-not fig- uratively, but positively worlrs. Power ia continu- ally going out of Him. Ho is constantly exorcising tho infinito faoulties of Hia nature. Oh, do not let UB count work a ourso, or work a degradation. Je3us said, "My Eather worketh hitherto, and I work." God works. Ho has hands, and ho usos thom. Ho works ovorywhore and works alwayB ; and there is sot a spot m His vaat creation abo at which yon could say, "He is not working thero." It is His -very working that croates Bpaco. Onr Father works works everywhere and works always. And ho works perfectly. His work is right hand work. You sometimes, whon you Bee a per fion doinc work clumsily, call it a loft-handod performance, and yon know why. Well, now, there is nothing corresponding to this in tho working of God. "I will reinombor tho years of the right band of tho Most High." God works, and works porfectly. His work, I remind you again, is right hand work Sometimes that which He produces seems to ho defective ; but tho defect ÍB in our vision : it is not in tho work. Objects are according to people's eyes : we aro very apt to forgot this. We look uponobjeots with our own oyos, and with our eyes in whatsoever state they may be found, and wo soe things as they ap ?ear to our organs of vision. Now, somotimes, God{tho nfinite Worker, appears to bo doing certain things imperfectly; but, I say again, the imperfectness is only in appearance, and tho appearance of imporfoot . noss is traceable to tho fooblonops or disorder ot our sbiritnal organs of vision. Tho moro wo search into tho works of God, the moro of perfection do wo dis- cover. " Tho right hand of tho Most High." God works : Ho works perfectly and Ho workB independ- ently. He works as the MoBt High. Ho ÍB down on this wei; but He fills tho abovo as well aa tho beneath. He filia the beneath and He fills the "above.. V. Most ttiarh. ', Mrdear friands, we want these oommon fundamental truths inwardly digested, and we shall neyflr.be strong till we do digest them, " I believe in God"-there is broad of lifo ! Hayn ypn ever eaton of that bread'? When you haye been starved with the provision that poetry and philosophy make for you, and current literature, havo you over taken up thia bread and euton it F ''I believe in God, and in His Son; Jesus Christ onr Lord." On, what a creed for a oreatnre, no matter how endowed or cralted. " I believn in God, and ia Iiis Pon .Ic-ur, Ohrist. I believe in the Meat Hi^b." Godworks independently. I hoar pen plo eay Bomeiimoa that; i hey uro working ior Him. t prefer very muoh-of course it ia a mat tor of moral and spiritual tasto-I pEofer, rather, -?working with Him. There is a Bound of importance in the former, as though ono were doing God's own work-something belonsing to Hini, which puta Him undov a kind of obligation to us. "The years of tho right hand of tho Most. High." God needs nono of UR. All that God absolutely re- quire* for His objects Ho can find in Himself j but out of love for iis He awooiates us with Him in Ilia working, and ho Bocurcs ooctain means, or certain ends, by employing ua as tho means. "Iwill re- member the years of'tho ri¿hfc hind of the M«.sb High." Thoro ia ono higher than tho law-tho law- giver. Wo sometimes hear tho expression " tho raiga of law." There ia no reign of law, but thore is tho reign of the law-giver. Ho with Whom we have to do. ib higher than tho law-highor than all things-the Most Hhçh-hipher than his work. God ia outsido His work, beneath it-wo wcro romiuding yon just now-and around it and abovo it, and tho world lives in Him, lie hoing tho foundation and oorner-st/u-o and everything. "I will remombor tho years of tho right hand of tho Moat High." ' Blessed be tho Lord God of Israel, who only doeth wondrous tilings ; and hloased bo His glorious name for over, and let tho whole earth be ixlled with His glory." I Lot tno givo yon two or three briof exhortations springing from thia subjeofc. In tho first place, let mo oommendto you Belf-com muning. Commune with your own heart: talk to yourself. Somotimea this ia a sign of mental failure ; but thia kind of talking with self which I suggest is a Bign of trna lifo in tho spirit. Commune with your own heart. Lot mc suggest to you self-suspioion as I to tho grounds of dark viows and miserable omotions. You liavo, perhaps, loved tho darkness rather than light. You havo had a morbid attachment to boing unhappy, and you havo oherished dark views and nursiod misorablo omotions until they have ceased to become tho ohildren of your nature and havo become, your masters. Oh, watch most prayerfully and anviourtly agahist dark views and miserable feelings. Do you ask, '' How am I to got rid of tho darkness?" Go, staud in tho sunshino. . Do you ask, " Whore ia the sunshino? ' Near to Christ. Near to Christ there is always sunshino. . Yon can always got it by getting to Hito, and you can always get to Him by thoso gospels, and by the help and ministry of tho Holy Ghost the Comforter. JFurthor, let me urge you to gjive memory its full sharo of work in your rofúnous life. Evory faculty in the spiritual life has something to do. Know what ÍB aligned to momory, aad talco caro that memory has hör Bhare of work. Thon lot me exhort you to avoid contracted viows. Look at to-day, but look at tho years. " I will roniouibor tho years of the right hand of tho Moßt High." To-day io an ago of darkness and storm to you, and you aro looking at to-day ; but how many days in tho long past have boon bright ? The day of yonr espousals to ChriRt-what a bright day was that thou ! And how ninny days of dolivoranoa from OYÍI and trouble have you spout ? More than you can remo tuber ; moro than you have boon ablo to retain in your momory. Ono day of storm makos a doepor impression than n ooks of sunshino. Oh, romeinber this, and say_ with my toxt, " I will remember tho years of tho right hand of tho Moat High." Considor all workors with sympathy and affection, but look at tho right hand whion. is working all, and wliioh has boen working all in all. Look at second cauaos and agents and moana, but over conuidor the right hand of tho Moat High, Tho right Hand of tho Most High is in our years, and is connoctod with all that con corns us. It hath beon, and it ia now. Years havo Blain or withered tho b.and.3 that first ministorod to us ; but tho right hand of tho Most High ia for ovor almighty. It can novor bo palsiod ; it can novor bo weakonod ; it can never bo shortened. What, distrusting tho right hand of God? Is it possible? God's right hand busy for you-working for you-and yon dintruating? Oh, do not say, " This ia my affliction and my troublo and my grief," and try to make yoursolf conteutod with it. Say, " This is my infirmity "-an infirmity to bo got rid of, an infirmity to bo shaken off-an infirmity which the Holy Ghost will ever enablo us to get rid of if we subject ourselves to his influoncos-an- infirmity which tho groat Healer will not allow to stay within us if wo only eoneont to His taking it away. But tho freat Healer asks our conaont-waits for our consent. Io comos with tho " Wilt thou bo modo wholo P" Always, with roforonco to spiritual ailments, doos tho groat llodoomor como to us first with that appoal-"Wilt thou bo mado whole?" and if wo answer, " Lord, I will," the healing cornea and tho infirmity pasóos away. My door friends thoro is much in this passage that moy woll hold our attonticn. May I ask you to con- sidor it devoutly and prayorfnüy. - Mako it your " good night " t-oxt. May tho husband say to tho wife, and the wife to tho huebnnd, " Lot UB remem- ber the years of the right hand of tho Most High." Tho right hand of God is in your homo. The right hand of God is in your heart, and how much has that right hand done for you P "When we got boyond the clouds and riso into theotornal lifo, wo shall know bottor what God's right hand has wrought, and what God's right hand had been. Waiting for that translation, we may comfort our hearts by saying, " I will remombor the years of tho right hand of tho Most High." Arnon. 