SCENES AND SKETCHES OF AUSTRALIAN LIFE. BY "BUSH NATULALIST." RED DICK THE STOCKMAN. CHAPTER XIII.-SUPER-MUNDANE. ACCORDING to Jack Ralsh, if the phantom stockman caine at all it would be at half past 12-the tay time that Bed Dick took lus dis astrous ride It w tilted still tw o hours of that time As all the pat ty w ei c tit ed, I undei took to keep watch until midnight, and then I was to call up Mt and Mu 1 hoi nie) and the two stockmen The cattle had been \ei) quiet not a stn among them, except an odd otitstdci feeding for n few )atds iwa) fiom the mob, as is nlwajs the case So ni) host and hostess, aftct thanking me foi m\ help, wished me good night, mid, when shal mg hands gaye mo si) injunctions not to bleep iluungiii) watch, oi I might miss »ceiii0 the fehost, whieh would be \ety piotoking aftei heming so niiieh about it It tt as not long befoi c the sonot ona sounds ptoceedtng fiom their tent told tint one, if not both, vas obliMous to ill mund me ill nts and I knew tint I was the onl) one left to keep guaid o\et this cunio haunted spot I doubt if I e\ ci shall foi "et th it night s loncl) camp watch on the little sa iib suiioundcd plain m IS oi thci n Queensland It is i niciiioi ) pietuic tni'olil i) photogiaphed upon ni) bl un As I lode -lowl) lound the cattle, gentl) ed ing in some of those mt eta ite ci twleis founifm et at mob Unit will feed out at night, no matta lion good the gia«s ti i\ellcd o\ei the da) picttous, I lintunll) could not help thinking of nn old stoel m m Bed Dick I thought of the time when I li id know n lum at hi-, best, when he hist caine to the Gulf, and of ni) fane) that somen ha c1 had seen him bcfoie Ag un I w onda ed w ho he w is T hat ho w as n man of education w is ta tain 1 hen I thought of the last time that I lud camped at this watahole, when I lind seen such a glonous sum lsc and buch beautiful natuie pictuics lhcn caine otei nie the i emembi anco of the oi gt at the hotel and of that pecuhai pi o photic tision 11 winch I beheld in «onie nne\ plainable wat the bininu,' of the hotel and the death of loot Dick just as, I aftawaids he u d, the) aetuall) occin i ed As to the "lust st oi), it did not tioublc me in tile least I huí neta been fn"litoncd of Dick when m the llcsh so I could see noicason to feat linn if he eulie in the shadow) foi m of i ghost The cattle too, wa e not mine, nnd although I should hate been son) to sec a smash unong than, as if the) wae scattaed, it would entail a good deal of c\ti i woik tlnough then boxing with the station had«, )et no loss would ensue to mc, and, lionet a selfish it mat 1 e, such is t tat coinfoiting ic ¿lection when dan"ei is impending The night w t^ moonlight but cloud) attunes Hie thunda elouds seemed coming up ngam Sometimes the w hole pi un and the c ittle w et c clcailt to lo seen then again the daikncss would be almost is gicat as if thcic had boon no moon shining at all Hie time pissed \oi) tei) slowl) Again mid n,.am I looked at ni) watch, then I would quiet 1) ude mund the cattle, backagain to tin taits and then anotlici look at the watch I almost wished that Dick teull) would appeal, oi mi)thing-wliethoi natiual oi sui piniituial-happen to bleak the monoton) of the night It w anted n quat tot to 12 1 got ten slceny, and so thought that to keen ni)self annuel would ude up to the spot wlicic the old hotel lind stood I went, and as I paused and g i/ed at the i tuns a sti ango neil oils shitei passed tlnough rae, front the a own of ni) head eton to the soles of in) feet I was astonished, foi I was not ut allflightened, tlioicfoic it could not possibl) bo caused b) fen In aftei )eus I expeiicnced the same peculiar influence when attending a so called sj uituahstic '.eancc in Biisbanc J he onl) signs of the one time noisj Dead 1 miali hotel w ei e the coi ner post of the \ erainia and a grass cotacd mound denoting wheic tho elimine} had fallen, the chaiicd icmnantsof w Inch had caused a lu\ut mnt gi ot\ th of gi ass But of the stock) ai d w Inch had escaped the "enenl nie, man) of the posts wa o still stand ni? and nt one end thae )ct lcmnined the Maiüditoi ing fallow s upon w Inch I had seen that ominous ciow It almost seemed as if ningher Powei hadoidained that this tanbie emblem J>i tlic death paialt) should foi eter remain nut as i fitting monument to îcpresent the Mellish seem-, that had dcbcciatcd this fan spot toi the cio>» be mt still tested upon the foiked "ljig.it-, and still thae dangled fiom it tho inteioie now bo shntelled tnd twisted b) c\l ejuiethat the loose end tuinid upscennngl) nto the foi m ot a noose outof which the lotting Jictnii nu menti) had dtopped A «tenet«Inch uot tu j IOH^ aoow iib common eton in Britain I As l vat in on ni) hoi se, at this midnight "oin tnd tlnough some inoibid tinhealtli) teeluig ga/ulat this rtocnjing gibbet, I heard n "?n,.« lusthn sound, and felt that something hiost iinimstaknbl) ) ot mt isibl) had passed b) "J- Inas unible to check the shuddoi that ciniopici me m unusual nenous feui, which eton the 'hoot hoot," "hoot hoot," coming norn heduettionof the gallows, upon which i couta see between mo and tho moon was P°""ed thounshnnel) foi ni of the huge boo »ook on l, " as utwl)jc t0 (h n c f, om mo I'}00ked ai tins un"auih bud, and wondaedif it also ¿V!L?nuii10ua of «oc, that it should chooso n . £ * the midnight horn to pa ch upon such *, ?I> natiiiahsts knowledge told mo linn« niIU a11 Vlobablht> tbls b»d Perched InniV. . ,1C 1)0'° heemtse it was a contcnient ii«T« îlom "lucl1 to pounce upon some ii? ^ int ln tllc Pl-nss beneath Yet so stt ong i oi t ,ioes morbid linagmntion gnm upon the ? ms VsulD °f .?.».» that tticnlly icquiicdan inn1, o£ ramd l,efoieI felt thnt íeason and toni non sense had mitbtcied the supei stttious, ctiiiHtau llattci "nsb> such fl"°iuabl° c" liiîllTins back a«am t0 tho ton-a I «...-d «P th, i.?,lncj Un mi telling him how quiet i ,,,",,ttle had heen, ho lemnikcd that it was ? r'T^'J to call mi) of the rest of thopait) 11,», ° l)00r fellows sleep while the) can, for fn,. ?'? '»ed enough without lotisingtheinup Iii.Vi . ?n «maguían ghost, and the) will JnM i, , ,d daA of ll t0 monow I onl) hope M.i. -ials».'-.«l bo back in time to lot us get an Mil) statt ' l.rJ ""'....'?..tch with )ou until aftei the fatal si,i ,Uuch 13 nws »"leed close at hand,' I !?"* so I think )ou nie quite light to let the Tc" sleep it out ' Tin. i * .'?.uid to watch too,"said Mis oiiiio) as she qmetl) enmo up behind us mu! i111 '".. dim,)ou ttould be fin bottci .nie tent A\ hat on cm th makes t on get up ' oi sm el) arenotrcall) sill) enough to bchote in,!>'sM>pautioiii' o\\.u' ? m« eeitandy not And I cannot liai pi" ?ll5 * ^ ant t0 Slt UP n,«d " atch Yct « sci.t.M.3 '?nF° feeling of coming clan get, a pre ^.mnioutot something tembló going to hap« Fiddle-de-dee with your woman's presenti- ments and nonsense! Don't let Jack Ralsh's yarns overturn your usual common sense. Why Helen, dear," he continued, after having looked closely at his wife for a f ow moments, " I nover in the whole of our wedded life saw you so nervous. You aro actually trembling. Are you not well, Nellie ?" and as ho called her by the pet name of bygone days ho put his arm around her waist to support her, and kissed her, for their marriage had been a happy one. " Thank you. Tom, for that kiss. I do not fool at all well. I can't control this trem- bling, and oh ! I have had such a horrid-dream. I again saw that ugly old gipsy queen ; the same I saw in Yorkshire when I was a girl, and whom I dreamed that I saw the night that baby died, and again she pointed her finger at mc, and she said-said-" '.What, dearest?" "That the time of the fulfilment of her pro- phecy had come !" Just at that moment the wretched wail of a dingo broke tho stillness of the night, and was three times repeated from the direction of the old hotel. "My dear, dear wife, you must not think of such foolish things as nightmare dreams. These abominable dingoes arc enough to make anyone nervous. Conic back to the tent, dearest, and get a glass of wine." And he was gently leading her away, when I touched him upon the shoulder, and pointing towards tho ruins of the old shanty, whispered the one word -" Look t" The earnest tone of my voice arrested him. He turned, and so did Helen. The moon was shining brightly and fair on to the spot whero the hotel had stood. There was no shade, nothing to confuse our view. All was as clear and distinct as our bright Australian moon can makcthings. To our unspeakable astonishment there was to be clearly seen in this bright moonlight a horse, apparently hitched b3' the bridle to the one remaining veranda post of the old Dead Finish hotel. "This coincidence is extraordinary," said the squatter ; " but it must be some one travel- ling up from the Lower Flinders, and who wisely prefers these cool fine nights to the heat of the day. Ah ! there he is by the side of his horse. By heaven 1" he continued, "ho is hatless !" 1 And, to our utter dismay, and even horror, this man hastily seized hold of the bridle and climbed, or rather scrambled, into the saddle. We now gazed in amazement. Again I felt that strange cold chill run through mc from head to foot. I glanced at Mr. Thornley. His face expressed unmistakable incredulous astonishment-complete dumbfounded surprise. Not a trace of fear, but such surprise as only the confirmed materialist can feel when ho is actually brought face to face with the super- mundane. »Poor Mrs. Thornley was holding tightly to her husband's arm ; her face was palo as death, yet she gazed at the newly appeared horseman as does the trembling bird when under the fatal fascination of the rattle- snake. Tot a moment or tw o the i ulci seemed uni mc to get his pi opci se it He i ecled to md f i o in the saddle is does a drunken man Then w e obsencd him dig his spins into the Hulks of the horse, thus tmsmg the nnimil to dart off at iicmg speed Then theic aiosc 110111 this ghost!) ndci suth a wild maniac ii LI j as onlj the madness of dunk cm c\oke On to«lids tia cune this plnntom horse and this ghostly horseman, md, as lie sw ei \ ed aw ay tow ai ds the cittlc, I «lnspeiul " It is Red Dick, most undoubtedly ' ' On«aid gilloped the phintom -stinight to« nuls the main mob, into the midst of tlitm Wo heaul the shun LULIC of i ghostly w hip, and anothei w ild bulloo fi oin tile niiniiiL, then theic «as a sound as of a ti impling uni) 01 of lolling thundci, foi the cittle, «lth one impulse, had spuing to then feet and-«CIL gone' Still on« lid lound the plum ode thcghostl) stockinin, no« clicking his «hip, no« hulloom0 as if to ehecksome tattle Ho tinned at the end, then bick by the «utci s ed^e, miking diicct foi the big gum tiec bj the tents Then, in ittcinpting to piss mulei its dioopmg blanches, is did Kui Dick of old, he sti tick 1'iinst i limb, icelcd from his hoi so, nppiicntl) fell to the gioimd close beside the no« tei nlied gioup ot spcctitois, nul dis appealed It «is Richiul TA j nu1' shucked Helen, and she fell senseless into the inna of hci huabind Cil un U \IV tONeIAs.IO\ TuL scene now wa» one bejondmj po«ci to deseube Hie men li id all jumped up, dismij and tel tot evin weie depicted on evei) comité nance Fe u « is the doiniumt feeling Stumg men though tliey «eie, thej netunll) tiembled « lth nei \ ousness Of all teirois those whose causéis unknown no the most lei i lblc I he hoi ses tint had been kept iculj middled, ni) own among the uumbei, hld broken then btidlci md gilloped mull) i«iy îvotihoof of cuttle «as tobe seen, and the iniistci himself «as heedless of ail)thing but the foim of his pool senseless «lfe, b) «hose side he «as no« kneeling, liiiecitun indeed «liethei the thuid of life li id not been sn ipped asuudei bj snell an un« ontcd sti mi Aftci a slioit time, ho«e\ci, the stoekniin instincts i etui ned, and the thought «as of the cattle Wheic had the) gone Seeing theil nnstei beside himself with gne£ the men tin ned to mc foi oi dei s "'lheic is nothing foi it but to w ut till di\ light," I said " Hie eattle nie b) now miles awn) and split up bc)ond the possibility of col lccting Jack Kilsh will be lal cm thiechouis oi so, and ho «ill then lind us a hoi so oi t«o \ou «ill all hine to cona baek to the stition and eimp theic until the wet season lsovei It «ill take weeks lo collcet the cattle neilin even if tile« ct docs not set in liiimcdiatcl) If it does, )ou «ill uc\ei get 100 of them " lo the unimtntcd it may seem sti ango that such a lal go mob of cattle can be so uttcily lost, but such a thing is quite possible m in unfenced, indeed tinoecupied, couiiti). A{ mi, those leadcis «ho base nc\er seen a cattle "smash," as m bush pailanco an)thing that causes a sudden breakup of a diowng mob is called, can foi m no idea of tho lesults of a sudden and universal panic thiough the hoid It is with them as with people in a thcitic on lire, «hen tenor usuipsall conti oiling po« er, each individual staves to get away, nii)«ay, anvhow Hie tcirific foicc of the hist nish of 1500 cattle «hen panic sti tick is something tremendous I have seen the whole side of a now stiongstockyaid thus completely levelled to the ground In that case many «eie killed andmore injured It «as certain thitscoics of Mi Ihomlcj's cattle would be killed and maimed by coming in contact with the shaip jagged ends of the bngalo« and gidia It «as lucky that the cattle liad lushed from the du cet ion of the camp tents and not to« lids them, othciwise nothing could have saved the entire patty f i oin being tiamplcd under foot b) this living avalanche "But «hat about poor Mrs Tlioitiley" I think I hear my fan readeis exclaim "Did that ton iblc piophcc) really como true ' You sut ely cannot e\pcct an) one to believe such rubbish as that' ' Well, «eil 1 The idea of calling an occur renee nibbish just because it did not happen to joui But things weio not quite so bad with Mis Thonilo) as that Again « ould I remind you that piophecics by no means lnvanably come true even «hen utteicd by queen gipsies If jon remember, tho terrible woids of the gipsy to tho pool girl at the stile undci the elm ti ees of Silcoates weio to the elf cet "that through Richaul Wj mi-although aft« Ins death-Helen would lose wealth, husband, childi cn, and bo mad until death" Well, nothing of tho soit occuiied Mi Thornloj did not die, childi cn thoj had lost, but only b) oidnmry disease, wealth they cei tainly did lose bj Um smash m the cattle , and although such a frightful night had its effects upon tho mind of Mi's Thoinloj foi a long time, causing e\ccssivo net v ousness and tinudit), jet upon i etui mug-after being ni) guest dining the wet season-to Victona and civilised life, time caused the wound to heal, M) stoi) is ended, now that I have told of one of those sti ango events of my life which have led to my belief in tho supei mundano existence of mankind Upon my telling this histoiy of Kcd Dick to othcis I have dis covered that to man)-although it Jias boon told to mc as a scciot not to bo made known on any pretence-theio have happened strango things all pointing to the same possibiht) of existence aftoi death, and to tho occasional i etui n of the sim it to caith, moio paiticularly whon death had ensued thiough violence It mil) i cumins foi mc to vindicate the chnractct of Jack llahh When he lotunied and found that the smash had actual!) occui red ho absolutely i of used tho £200 bonus, and lotinncd tho chequo to tho squattci, so) nig, "I am not tho man to take a moan advantage of an) man Moi oov ei, I am going to stop and help j ou to collect the cattle foi no one knows tho Gulf countij as I do We'll get a lot of thom j ot Nev ei feat " Mi Thornloy had only just timo to fly. his camp snugly at tho home station beforo tho wot season set in in earnest, Aftor the rains, bj dint of l)ard and arduous riding, 500 head were collected. With these Jackin started, took them 8,'»foly through the fifty-mile scrub, and got thc'JÚ'eichhardt blocks after all, for it turned out tha * the Diamantina mob of cattle had crossed on to' the Gregory Uiver. From the time of .his recognition by his old sweetheart the phantom stockman was no more known to haunt tt.'c Dead linish plain. A bush lire swept away v'.he solitary veranda post and the ominous gibbet. Nature resumed her sway. Bit by bit the grasses ¿'row, the shrubs blossomed, the birds returned, tu'Ç sun shone, and the spot again became fair ana pleasant to the eye. Not one trace remained to ¿ell of the hellish scenes, of the human demons, of the foul degradation it had gone through. Peace and beauty reigned. Verily do I believe that such will be the case over the whole of this earth's surface when man asserts his manhood, and banishes that man-vanipirc ALCOHOL from his domain I [THE KND.] 