T II E CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS Tlio weather, which of Iato has been very variable, appeared last night to have | settled, and the evening closed fine and bright, with every promise of steady wea ther to-day (Christmas Day). The busi ness premises in town were open last night to a late hour, and the streets were crowded with promenaders, the various thoroughfares presenting an animated appearance. Great efforts were made by | the shopkeepers to attract attention to their places of business, and the decora tions were, on the whole, decidedly pleas ing to the eye. Tho magnificence of the show windows at Messrs Bright and Hitchcocks' drapery establishment was the theme of favorablo comment by everyone. The place was brilliantly | illuminated by rows of gas jets which tended to givo a dazzling aspect to the gorgeous display. The other drapery houses wero also adorned in a manner j calculated to impress the visitor with the importance of the trade in Gcelong. The establishment of Messrs Mathows Bros., butchers, of Moorabool-strcct, was capi tally dressed for the occasion, the groat show of every tablo requi site supplied by the firm being excellent. The shop was tastefully decorated with evergreens and flowers, and the goods were nicely displayed to the onlookers. On the opposite side of the street, Messrs Bannerman and Jarman gave a fine exhibition of carcase meat and butchers'small goods. The grocery stores, too, were also neatly dressed for Christmas eve, and the business done during the evening appeared to be heavy. To-day being a holy day, as well as a holiday, 110 I provision has been made for public out door sports. THE CHURCHES. Services in commemoration of the birth of the Prince of Peace will be held in the various churches this morning and even ing, and the sacred edifices have, in most instances, been decorated in a manner befitting the joyousness of tlio occasion. CHRIST CHURCH. Commencing with this sanctuary, we | notice in the centre the text, " This do in remembrance of Mo," underneath a hand- | some lattice work of flowers bordered with evergreens. On either side are tasteful ] groups of ferns and other plants, inter mingled with flowers, whilst floral crosses ] and stars aid in the general effect. On either side of the sanctuary is a beauti ful satin shield hand- painted with lilies, the work of Mrs Stokes. The one on the right-hand sido bears the words " Glory to God in the highest," and that on the I left-hand side is inscribed, " On earth peace, goodwill towards men." A pretty ! cross surrounded with evergreens, adorns the right side of the sanctuary, together with the text, " The desire of all nations shall come." Down the north sido of the | church are noticeable the texts, " Thou art the Xing of Glory," " Unto us a I child is born," " Thou art the King of | Glory, 0 Christ," and others. The organ enclosure displays the word " Alleluia," tastefully worked in flowers on a white ground, and surrounded with festoons of flowers and evergreens; whilst along the south wall of the church aro noticeable such texts as " The Lord our righteousness," " Unto you is born this day a Saviour," and I God with us." This evening a service for the congregations of tho three Episco palian Churches will be held at Christ Church. The sermon will be preached by I tho Rev. Canon Chalmers, and the first | part of Handel's " Messiah" will bo sub sequently rendered by the united choirs. A collection will be taken up at tho ser vice in aid of the Clergy's Widows and Orphans Eund. ST. PAUL'S CHURCH also exhibits in its internal' appearance evidences of artistic and industrious effort to deck it in a stylo worthy of the joyful event to bo commemorated. In tho sanc tuary, on each side of the altar, we notice | handsome lattice work of ivy leaves, sur mounted by banners bearing the mo nograms " Alpha," " Omega," and " I.H.S." ' Tlio altar is handsomely decorated with a floral cros3 and four vases of flowers. Across the entrance to tho chancel there is a magnificent screen, composed of wreaths and ivy leaves, and | bearing the text—" Alleluia ! Emanuel! God with us ! Alleluia !" Some excellent ] work is noticeable on the pulpit, es pecially a pretty spray of lillies and I leaves, worked in crewels on maroon satin by a lady member of tho choir. On both sides aro paintings by Mr Hynd- I man, of Melbourne ; in the front is a | satin bannerette, bearing tho monogram, "I.H.S.," tho work of Miss Pincott ; and at tho foot of the pulpit is a bod of | New Zealand moss. Tho prayer-desk is also placed on a bed of moss, covored with white Mowers, aud is ornamented with a cross made entirely of corn flowers. In the window-sills of tho body of the church are the following texts:—' 'Wonderful Counsellor,"'' Prince of Peace," " Tho Tabernacle of God is with Men," and " He dwelletli with Men." Around the sacred edifice are fixed sconces of flowers and hand-painted bannerettes bearing the subjoined texts : —" Who for us men and for our salva tion came down from Heaven," " And is incarnate by the Holy Ghost," '• Born of the Virgin Mary," '• Very God of very God," " Begotten, not made," " God of God," and " Light of Light." Amongst the helpers in decorating the church, may be mentioned Mrs Chalmers, and Misses Robinson, Edols, Webbe (2), Riley, and Langdon (2). TRIPS BY THE SEA may bo made to-day and to-morrow, for the favorite steamer Alert is announced to run to Portarlington, Queenscliff and Portsea on both days. The vessel will leave tho Moorabool-street wharf at nine a.m., and in commencing tho return journoy she will leave Portseaat a quarter past thrco o'clock in tho aftornoon, so as to land passengers in Geelong at an early hour in the evening. Tho artillery band has been engaged to accompany the stea mer, and every effort will be made to attend to tho comfort of excursionists. THE RACES AND SPORTS AT WINCHELSEA will take place on Boxing Day (to-morrow) and they are expected to bo well patro nised. Arrangements have been made with tho railway department to provide better accommodation than that afforded last year by the cattle trucks, and the objectionable smoke in the tunnel will be avoided'as much as possible. Intending visitors aro reminded that the youth Geelong station is open for traffic. Trains will leavo Geelong for Winchelsea at 8.40 a.m., S.oO a.tn., 10 a.m., and 11.25 a.m. The equestrian events consist of a Hurdle race, Maiden Plate, Trotting race, Handi cap Flat race, Selling Hack race, Grand Stand Stakes, and Pony race. There is also a large variety of athletic sports. THE DRYSDALE RACES will a'so take place to-morrow, and th° journey to that placebeing a brief one tliere ought to be a largo attendance of the sporting public. In the three principal events of tho meeting numerous entries have been made, viz., seven for the Maiden Plato, Sve for tho Publicans' Purso, and seven for tho Drysdale Town Plate. THE MORRISONS RACECOURSE has been fixed upon as the site for the second annual meeting of tho Meredith, Morrisons, Elaine and Steiglitz United Racing Club, which is arranged to bo held to-morrow. A very large assemblage of spectators from the districts named is anticipated. The programme embraces six events, viz Maiden Plate, Handi cap distance Trot, The Club Handicap, Hurdle race, Selling Flat race, and Hack race. In the handicap events tho entries are numerous, and must be considered very encouraging. THE EXHIBITION THEATRE will be re-opened to-morrow evening by Mr IV. H. Leake, an actor who has re cently "starred" it successfully in Mel bourne and Sydney. Air Leake will make his first appearance hero in the great American drama " My Partnor," and will bo supported by a strong and efficient company. Tho drama, whilo not of tho sensational order, affords scope for excel lent scenic effects and sterling acting, and as neither requisite is likely to bo lacking, Mr Leako is certain to be welcomed by a crowded house. A BALL AT LITTLE RIVER, is announced to bo held on Boxing night in tho Assembly Hall at that place, and it bids fair to be an attractive gathering under Mr Roberts' management. 