LEAVES PROM AN IMMIGRANT'S DIARY. No. III. IM present and last slotch under this heading is to form a brief record of the social events of our voyage from England to Australia; and though I would willingly avoid one part of my subject, I must, in honesty, say a word or two about one of tlo social evils which had to be endured. I refer to a want of personal cloanliness on the part of a certain clues of immigrants; a subject which has lately attracted the notice of a section of the Sydney press, and which urgently demands remodial measuros at the hands of the immigration commissioners. I have heard that when an unfortunate applicant is received .into the poor.house he is submitted to a critical examination, and if, as is usually the case, he is found to be afflicted with a certain parasitical com. plaint, his clothing is baked in an oven, and though the owner is not submitted to precisely the same operation he is permitted the advantage of a bath at a pretty high temperature, and carefully divested of his bodily attendants. Until some such measures are adopted in the government depbt before om bariation the evil I speak of will continue to the annoyance of all dcoont people, and may even, an has boon assorted, act as a deterrent to would-be immigrants. The pest soon asserts itself on ship. board. "Be fruitful and multiply" is all encourage ment not at all needed in this caoe. The fructifica tion and multiplication take placo even in spite of such repressive measures as an occasional bath. But lot us dismiss the unsavoury subject and turn to our Amusomonts.-Theso, if not of a very ambitious character, were still heartily engaged in, and helped to pass ohoorfully many an evening, wlich would otherwise have dragged wearily. Songs, recitations, violin solos, minstrel performances, dancing, and amateur theatricals found ample patronage. One gentleman, who rather plumed himself on being a cockney (ovidently in ignorance of the exact mean ing of the term), sang Captain Jinks so well as to earn the title all to himself; another gentleman, of the Hebrew porsuasion, equally distinguished him. self in a ditty about a Nitho Young Girl with her Hair in Curl who Worked the Sewing- mathyenn.; while the drama was represented by such improvised productions as The Village Ghost and The Sailor's Return. One of the passengers, a gentleman named Chinn, was an inveterato draft.playor, having inaone weoe played one hundred and fifty games, huffed his adversaries fifteen times, and made and cap tured an indefinite number of kings during his chequored campaign. Chess was played by others of the pnssengere, while many preferred harmless rubbers of whist. Police News.-A slight disturbance took place one evening in tho respectable and usually quiet neigh bourhood of Poop Square. A young man, who gave his name as O.P.Q.X., was arrested by Police. constablo Roseuo for talking to a young lady through the latticed enclosure, contrary to the regulatious of tle Empire. The young man was politely requested to move on, but doolinod, and was promptly run in; the charge, however, was not pressed (neither was the young lady), and Adonis escoped with a caution. Another dolinquent was charged with letting down Dr. Parry's (the cook's) hammock, by severing the foot-strings with his jack-knife, thereby inflicting on the cook a grievous bodily shaking; but the evidence as to the identity of the accused proving insufliclent, the caso was dismissed. An extensive robbery of raisins from No. 42 moes was reported, when several intelligent officers of the police depart. moet, with admirable promptitude and zeal, com. menced prosecuting investigations,. but. up to the present have not succeeded in bringing the plunderers to justice. A poetical friend said the occurrence reminded him of a poem he once read, but of the authorship of which be was not quite oortain : Mister eJn Horner sat in a dark corner, Watlching ome plumn in a tint Ile Insortei his lst rlght utp to tle wrist, And loft oanroo a plum to be soon. An Important Quarrel.-Tho usual tranquillity of the S.M. department was rudely sholced a few nights ago, at precisely 11.5 p.m., by an altercation which took place between two members of forty one mess (Scotch). Number one,-it appears, had suspended his woollen stookings to the end of Iis hammock that they might got well aired by the next morning. A most unsavoury oflluvium was dicoveorod to proceed from the stockings, and the next door noighbour, nlmber two, demanded their removal from the vicinity of Ilia nose, failiog which he was about to tako tie law into his own hands and remove them liy force. Words, of course, ran high. Number one insisted on hin right to utilize any part of his own hammtock, and number two was equally firm in his determination not to be suffo. cated. Tile disputants flopped out of their ham mooks in their night- drossoe and seated thomselves in defiant attitudes at citlhr end of a stool. There they remained for some time viciously glaring at onch other, when a happy thought seemed to occur to number two, who to all appearance gave up the contest and turned into bed. Number one followed, satisfied with hli bloodless victory, and was soon snoring the snore of the just, with the offending stoolings encircling his own neck. A Light Required on tho Subject.-One of tie unhappy effects of the imperfect illumination of tie B. M. department became painfully evident early the other morning. It sooms that on tbo previous evening some Bacohanalian bacholor hlad boon sup. ping late on molasose and biscuit, which they dis posed of in the usual fasion by dipping bits of bis cuit in the treaclo-pot, and then deftly performing sundry gyrations and evolutions with the biscuit to. prevent an undue distribution of the treacle on the table and surrounding neiglbourhood. One of their follow-hoarders who had boon calmly sleeping while the midnight repast was in progress, on turning out in the morning, and, accordiing to custom, sitting on tihe table to droas, boomeno painfully aware of tho closo proximity of a largo quantity of molasses to an ulmontionablo portion of hin morning attire. Educational.-Weo had a oshool and a small library on board, and at the end of the voyago tie books were distributed amongst the scholars. According to the nolhoolnantlor'a report the youngsters acquitted tlhemaelves creditably. Young Mndlark with hiis comrade Lioetonant Bluobroocclih, under the dirco tion of their commandor-.i-clhilf Major Barefoot, made ouch astonishing progress in seamanship that one of our oflloors expressed a decided opinion that those young ,onitlemon would eventually becomo ornamonts to sooioty and the royal navy. Accidents.-As one of the passengers was carrying two largo dinlsae of pan-soup, owing to tle rolling of the ship lie accidentally upset tie soup over a mar ried woman who was sitting on deook. Tie soup ran down her neck and insid lier dron, scalding lier no neverely that she had to pass snveral woolts in the hospital. A little fellow of four yearn wan also badly soalded. A dish of porridge wan renting on tlre tablo when tihe ship gave a luiro, and thie child in naving Iimnoll a fall tlrusrt hli arm into the dish., A little girl, nine yearo old, accidentally ran against a pan songor who wan carrying the family " buhiroo," and was nscalded, though not very severely. On another occasion omeo boys were amusing tCnmaoselves olimb. ing up the innido of the " windialil," a maohlinoe which may be donrribod as a kind of venitilation chimnney roanoling to the uplper deck and about 18 ft. liigh, Aflter anoonding tihe tube for some dlltanon, rolainilig their position n Ia chirmnioy-swoop by ox tending tlheoir logs, they would contract thloan useful momlnrna no na to come down with a run, liko don. conting a firoe-acapo.. One of tlomn however n-i fortunately came down on thie edgo of a triangular mcrnpor, which had buonl caroloenly left lying about, and received a severo wound. Another lad whilo dlnoondinir to the 'twoen deck wasn thrown off tie ladder by tie nmotion of tlio ship nind full a tlirtancn of toe foot into thie lhatoliway below, wliolh lirapenednl to hII opeon for tie purprno of getting up provisiiom. In lolling his heaond ntruck againit onae ide of the hatlchway and wan noveerely briineill. Fortunately aoiIoe sails worn itowod at tthe bottom of tile Ihatolin and he foll on theno, receniving little further injury. Ana tpreoaution nganinrt nililar acoidrentln a rope was ntrotolid at tie nido of tihe ladder to not ar a rail, but notwllthntandllrg thin a vory imnilar accident aftorwardnl lappened thlroirrgh individlal carlenea. nin., Nulemorotn nmlillor aonildenitn ocurrled from thino to timo, owitng to tire rolling of tire snlip. Bonn. dink wasn nout to rotiro to rent on niglit \wheu lie found hil Ittlnr-.dislh neoidnrrtally deposited in his hnd, A f.riend nlr thle oppoitr aide hearing hisn alarmed oxclanatlion, want to his rnnlllintaneo , but on returning lhome found lie had himliolt iutnltined a wornse lncollvenioiaso . BIHgatr, choone, pnrk, pudding, dinhllo, platen, anld pannitlinn, forendil a Ihotoro g'neoout maun inslidtli hlii illk. A follow- parrenenger, who was slok in rnad, wan Inlndated with lhn.ijulc and ploklno, whil anotiher was rolled out of bod In the most undignified manner. Paterfamilias was once returning home from the galley with his two family pots of tea, when an unliuclky lurch sent him against a spar and jerked his teapots down the " shoot" into the vasty deep. A largo Cquaro boiler in the galley nearly full of boiling water was rolled out of place and tlih baker and liin assistant who were in the galley narrowly escaped a boiling by jumping through a flap window. A sioglo manu, bachelor tashion, wa washing his hands in a baking dish which be rested on the bulwarlk. Ilo turned his head for a moment and in the next instant hli saw his dish floating on the waven. On one occasion some excitemont was caused by the galley chimney taking fire, but the fire was soon extinguished by tho bos'n and the ship's hose. Of hats blown over board there was as usual a large number, one victim of tbo gales losing no loss than live. Jokes.-Thoro were plenty of these, but I will not incur your displeasure, gentle reader, by mentioning more than one. Tle matron's nameo was Bowcs, and this fact afforded one of our smart mates the chance of perpetrating the following, for which I believo ha received condign punishment:-Why in Miss Blaik like the ship's anchor? Answer-b-. cause she is under the bows. Tile most invotorate of our practical jokers was my friend the bo'an. His favourite pastime was to rouse the single men at about 4.30 a.m., when the uppor-dock was being swabbed, by thumping up their hammocks with the nozzle of the hose. But hi came to grief one morning when in playing his little joko lie caved in a silver watlch which one of the panssongirs had placed under him in his hamimock for safety. That joke cost a few pounds, which were honourably paid. Lost and Found.-As is natural wheboro a largo number of persons are so circumsoribed in space, little exohanges of property occasionally took place accidentally if not intentionally. Tho following are among the notices thus occasioned :-Lost a pair of slippers from Hootty's shoo.slop, supposed to have boon appropriated by soma dishonost snob, who ii oaught cutting them up will go short of porridge. Lost a pair of cotton stookings, tied up to dry on one of the forecastle chains; the person who nooi dentally out them down will oblige;'&o.; Lost off the forocastle chain, a brande.new linu-.broastod shirt; suspicion is directed to somo sharks soon in the neighbourhood. Lost by No. 7, between 12 p.m. Sand 4 a.m., a watch known as the " middle watch;" information will bo gladly roeolved by tho chioi inspector of police.: Found near theo monument (the mainmast), a snuff-colourod chignon; owner Scan have it on personal application to, &o; . Birtlh and Deaths.-Thoro wore four births during the voyage, and as our faeotious,bo'sn observed, only one death-that of a.little pig, which succumbed to a severo bout of soneasoknoes. 'Very early one morning that sly bo'sn, brimful of fun, tied the corpso by the leg and lowered it down the ventilator into the hammock of one of our Irish friends', whil e was peacefully dreaming of the scenos of his boyhood in " ould Ireland." He awoke with a start, and I regret to say his first expression was noither a praye- nor a thanksgiving. 