i - ... — .i — |. ; NlEWS. EPITOMISED. j Dr. Steel celebrated last week the 21st anniversary, of his pastorate of St. Stephen's .(Prds.) Church, Sydney. t Commercial Bank dividend 2? ner cent as usual. Sir Edward Strickland presided at a volunteer meeting at Manly last night, but was in good humour with himself and others, for he condemned nothing. The V. R. C. received £1500 in fees, last year, from 50 bookmakers. A little boy at Sandhurst is reported to have died from the effects of a beating received from two other boys. Barber, Arundel, Sweet William, All Silk, Archie, Warwick, Delusion, and Glencoe have been scratched for the Hawkesbury Handicap. The Duke of Westminster declines to renew leases for public-houses on his vast property in London. Twenty-seven leases of " pubs " have already fallen in. A new theory. An eminent medical man in England states that the greatly increased decay of children's teeth is to be attributed to the now general use of vaccination. \ The millers have joined the bag battle. They say present arrangements pinch them, but for all the pinch most farmers are very poor,' and most millers growing comfortably rich. Judge Innes has decided that Thomas Jones, smelter, of Newcastle, was rightly convicted.1 He will therefore have to go to gaol unless the Full Court overturns the single Judge. The other day at Braidwood Mr. Denis Lewis, teacher of the half-time schools at Gingamonia and Bonbay, was out walking with his three little boys, accompanied by two kangaroo dogs. They started some wallabies, and the dogs went after them, but one of them was found late in the evening quite dead, having evidently been tied upi beaten with a stick, strangled, and stabbed. At Braidwood on Saturday, a man named Jas. Stewart had a most providential escape from being blown to atoms. He was engaged deepen ing a well in Dr. Llewellyn's yard, and having put in the fuse, called out to his brother Peter, who was on the top, to draw bim up. This the latter proceeded jo do, ".but only succeeded in raising his brother about 8 feet off the ground when the rope became twisted, and could not be hauled up any further. He then immediately took his knife out of his Docket and cut off the end of the fuse before it could ignite the powder; thus saving a terrible explosion and loss of life. 4 A frightful accident occurred near Albury on Sunday last by which a man named Frederick Knobbel was shockingly injured. He had been ailing for some time, and being very weak was sitting alone near the fire in his hut. Suddenly he was seized with a fainting fit, and fell forward with his face in the fire. Before he recovered consciousness his face was terribly burned. His cries then attracted attention, and some people came to his assistance. By this lime he' had again become senseless, and was still more fear fully injured. His neck, head, and upper portion of the body were one mass of blisters, in many places the skin pealing off rapidly. His scalp was literally charred away, and one car was completely burned oft. The poor fellow was taken to the Albury Hospital, where he now lies. Mr. J. E. Redmond addressed a crowded meet ing in the Market-buildingsat Kilmore Victoria last_ Monday, the Rev. Father Farrelly in the chair. The Press was excluded. Mr. G. B. Good, editor of the Kilmore Advertiser, was ordered out by Mr. J. E. Dowling, the secretary, and others because Mr. Good would not under-, take to give a full, report, of . the proceedings. ' . Much indignation is felt at 'the exclusion of the Press. As the two prisoners Archer and M'Laughlin' were being conveyed back to the Wagga Wagga gaol after receiving their sentences of six and four years penal servitude respectively, for forging and uttering a cheque, and when in charge of warders Crummey and Maloney, M'Laughlin shouted out, " Here goes for a run for it," and broke away from the warders. He ran down Little Gurwood-street towards the river followed .by Maloney.' Constable Bowman noticing the escape, also gave chase, and came up to the prisoner on the bank of the river and called upon him to surrender. During . the chase M'Laughlin attempted to divest himself of his outer clothing, but was not successful. The prisoner ran into the river up to his armpits. Constable Bowman commenced to take off his clothing with a view of effecting a capture. In the meantime Warder Crummey brought a revolver, which Maloney seized. The prisoner upon catch ing sight of the weapon, and noticing the deter mination of his pursuers, came out of the river and surren'dered himself. He was then taken to the gaol by. Constable Bowman and Maloney without offering any resistance. If churches are to be filled, there must be some thing to be heard in them pertinent to modern thought and the social question, of the day. So says the Riverine Evening Star re the Osborne heresy case. , The Emperors of Austria and Germany, at tended by their chancellors, are to meet at Gastien on the 4th prox. . Great excitement at Adelong over the election of the progress committee. It is time Yassites woke up and formed a progress association, other wise they will become proverbial for their inac tivity. ' The Honorable the Postmaster-General is con fined to his bed. He has been suffering for some ..time from a very painful ailment. In consequencei'ofthe strike 'among the tele graph operators. In Americvthe "Western Union Company have announced' their- inability to ac cept messages. " It is hoped" this" strike will soon terminate. .... Owners of racehorses are reminded that nomina tions for the- Gpulburn Cup and Argyle Plate, accompanied by a fee of 1 sov., must be in the hands of the secretary not later than August 1st. The Goulburnites contemplate forming an ac climatisation Society. Minister for Works Wright says it is wrong for the Government to make their good-sheds at railway stations storehouses for the public, and has issued an order to stationmasters to charge demurrage on all goods left in the sheds for a longer period that 24 hours. Persons liable to payment of assessment under the 19th and 26th clauses of the Rabbit Nuisance Act of 1883 are reminded that the assessment for the year 1883 must be paid at the Treasury, Sydney, or to the Clerk of Petty Sessions nearest to the run in respect of which the assessment is payable, on or before the 31st August next. Persons tendering payment at the Treasury must state to what Clerk of Petty Sessions the returns under the 20th clause have been sent. A new public school has been established at Lost River near Wheeo. The weather has changed from severe frosts to cold wind and rain. Typhoid fever epidemic shortly expected in Yass, in consequence of unclean premises. The new Criminal Law Bill is being felt by the larrikin class, and will be more so when some of them get a touch of the " cat." The residents of sleepy hollow could not be roused up on Tuesday last to attend the public meeting. Tenders are invited for the construction of the railway line from Cootamundra to Gundagai. Will tenders ever be called for a tramway line from Yass to the railway station ? At the ploughing match recently held at Mure cheson, Vic., a man named Morgan was awarded the prize offered for the best looking ploughman. .We hope the prize was a blackthorn stick, as Morgan will be sure to require some such weapon to keep off the rustic beauties. The Evening News, speaking of Mr. Dalley, says — He is the one member who- clearly under- stands'what the public want, and what he him- j self means to do. , Without him the combination, of which: Mr. Stuart is the head, would inevitably break down by its own weight, and give up the ghost from sheer inanition. Touching the election of Bishop of Sydney, the Echo says it is rumoured that Canon Barry is the coming man after all. ; It was rumoured in pretty well- informed poli tical circles on Tuesday that important ministerial changes were . pending. , The report was that Messrs. Fariiell and Abbott were about to ex change portfolios, the former taking mines and the latter lands. As Mr. Abbott is 1 engaged drafting the new land bill, and should be its best' expouder and defender in the house, the change does not seem at all an improbable one. , The Pioneer sugar estate, on the Burdekin River, has been purchased by Mr. G. R. Drysdale, a Riverina squatter for £42,000. It is 506! acres in extent. It is rumoured that the committee of the Aus tralian Jockey Club intend to hold a meeting to take into consideration the advisability of dis- cohtinuing steeplechasing. at Randw ick. The Hon. E. K Cox, of Fernhill, Mulgoa, died on Wednesday, aged 54, of spasms of the heart, to which he was subject, his constitution having also been weakened by severe rheumatic gout. Towle's Pennyroyal and Steel Pills for Females .quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes, is. i/d. and 2s. 9d., of all Chemists. Sole Proprietors — The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co., Lincoln, England Agents for Sydney — Elliott Brothers' and Co. ; Wholesale Druggists; W PI Soul, Pitt-strect, John Watson Chemist. Wells' " Rough on Corns." — Ask if ri/clls' "Rpiurh onvCorns." 7/d. Quick relfofTcom- pletarpcranabent cure. Corns, warts, umiions. MospsjMoSsqpd Co., Sydney, general agents. . Rendes the System Disease-Proof.— We earnestly recommend the inhabitants of malarious localities, persons whose occupations . are un healthy or subject tliern to exposure in the open air, emigrants to sections . of country recently cleared : of timber, travellers and persons of feeble constitution, to protect themselves against the hurtful effects of sudden -climatic changes — air-poison,' tainted or brackish water, and intense heat or cold, by a course of Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. Holloway's Pills. — The Great Need. — The blood is the life and on its purity depencjs our .health, if not our existence. These Pills tho- . roughly cleanse this vital fluid from all con taminations,, and by that power strengthen and invigorate the whole system, healthily stimulate sluggish organs, repress over-excited action, and estahlish'ordcrof circulation and secretion through out every part of the body. The balsamic nature of Holloway's Pills commends them to the favour; of debilitated and nervous constitutions, which they soon resusitatc. They dislodge all obstruc tions, both in the bowels and elsewhere; and are, on that account, much sought after for promoting regularity of action in young females and delicate persons who are naturally weak, or who from some cause have become so. . Consumers of-Wolfe's Celebrated Schnapps especially those wlib.takc it medicinally, should purchase it only by the. bottle, and thus ensure obtaining the genuine. article, there being a fraudid'ent imitation' in .the marketv. Large and -small bottles are obtainable. at every respectable hotel in. the colonics,- and.the.namc of ->i. Moss and Co. is on the top label of the yello w wrappij-. None else is genuine. v /sX" \ Thick. Heads, heavy stomachs, bilious /rendi tions — WeHs' ,Muy Apple Pills" — antyuilious, carthartic.1 45A ajfe-- is. Moses Moss atJTh, Co., Sydney, gffly;rrfPag|ents. ' From tiik Old WorSd.— Among the' many spedllcn intro duced to the public for tlio cure of dyspepsia.- indigestion, de rangements of various kinds, and as a general family medicine, none have met with such gouuino appreciation as Hop Bitters. Introduced to this country but a comparatively short time since, to meet the great demand for a pure, safe, anil perfect family medicine, they hnvo rapidly increased In favour, until thoy.arc, without question, the most popular and vnluablo medicino known. Its world-wide renown is not duo to the advertising It has received ; itis famous by reason of its inherent virtues, it. does al 111 1 Is qnlmld for it. It discharges As f uratl/e mwers witliou at -Vif fiio 0TiL,e!fccts of other bjEtcm or /ncifciuo being p irfi :9y life a|U harmless for tho /no# frafi wlman, amallcs c lid, sidlakest Invalid to use. / Fcp areJUio monies indeed vli ratlJrgren discovery lias not mreJhr boMmRU as r delivi 'ei iifnl wolcopicd as a friend. MT/loes whatf others alTecttd ds/ Composed of simple materials, At Is ii lr#rvel of delicate and successful combination. Nothing is wanting. Every ingredient goos straight to the mark at which it is aimed, aud never falls. Pleasant to tho palate, agreeable to tho stomach, and thoroughly effoctlvo as a cure, it has won for itself the conlldoncc of all. — The Times, London, England. Tlio demand for this great American remedy in this part of tho world has become so great that the Hop Bitters Co.. whose liead- quarters are at Rochester, Now York, U. 8., A., have boen com pelled to open a laboratory in Melbourne. It will bo in charge of Mr. M. U. Van Berg, a gentleman of many years' experience with tills company, and the trade may bo assured of receiving goods equal to the parent house, and the most courteous treat- . mont. The H. B. Co. have establishments at London, I'arls, Belgium, Holland and Canada, and their bitters are the best known medicine in tlio world. s SuiteatY Trading. — Why break theyLicen- singi#/pLwhi:n you can procure & fQufi Bottle «NLVnJlish Ale at Dodds'.jH/tel Jo r One Smlli/g— Adv. £3T £vM(ke Gifts I — Tho Proprietors of Wolfe's Aromatic Schiedam Schnapps, to induco tho destruction and prevent the. improper uso of tho wrappers and labels, and thus further pro-' .teet the public against fraud and deception, lmve enclosed In' the wrappers, or under the labols of the quart bottles, since 1st October; 1378, and continue to enclose in every day's packing .throughput tho year, THREE £1 ORDERS, which are drawn upon'lho undersigned, and which will be' cashed 'by them on presentation; To secure these gifts, the public must be careful to ask fpr, and accept nothing but the gonulne Udolpho Wolfo's Schnapps, with our name on the top label. M. Moss and Co. Wyynard- lano, Sydney. 