" ' ' i I BRIEF CHRONICLES. 1 We are curious to know bow many feet 1 go to make a mile in the estimation of j the ladies, for the reason that we never met a. lady who didn't wear shoes a mile too big, for her. The population of Sandhurst lias only in creased bv 67 during the year_ which has come to a close. The Zulus by their actions look as though they were going on the war path again. They are purchasing, large quanti ties of arms and ammunition. Five hundred and two men have been killed and 1201 wounded in the Victorian mines since 1874. ' A mail in Melbourne nearly severed his windpipe with a razor as part of his holi day spree. The lady newspaper correspondents in Washington have organised a press club, and will make an effort to have galleries in the Senate and the House set apart for their use. A man in the write place : An editor. A pre-amble : A walk before breakfast. How to test the weight of a wall: Scale it. . The joy of the dumb is always unspeak able. " - A sad dog : 0 ne who tarries long at his whine. A good botelkeeper is a man that one can always put up with. . A sarcastic lady says the only thijig which keeps Lent is her best umbrella. Where ought we to 'find the milk of- human kindness? Iu the pale of the church. . Some housekeepers are so constitutionally wasteful that tli6 more flour they have the more they knead. An elderly judge is reported as opposed to being laid on the shelf, though be does not object to being retained on the bench. The difference between a dog and a boy consists in the fact that when the dog finds & -scent he doesn't spend it for candy. The ghost in Hamlet was a waiter, for he said " Remember me." The boy who said that pins had saved a great many people's lives by their not swal lowing them might now say that the water has saved a great many boys' lives this seasGn by its being too cold to bathe in. " Heaven lies about us in our infancy," flays the poet. The inference is that as soon as we get big enough to talk we can be relied on to rely about ourselves. If we do not our enemies will lie about us, A New York lady of some wealth, but dubious personal attractions, recently ad vertised for a husband. The first applicant was a rather .antiquated Hartford swell, whose indignation was great when told thai w a head and a half too abort. " Student" wants to know wbut kind of a bird was the dodo ? From the fact that the species is entirely extinct, we suppose it was the fabled spring chicken, of which we still hear so often, and see so never. A gentleman made a rockery in front of ; his house, in .which he planted some beau- s tiful ferns, and having put up the following notice, found (it more efficient and less ex pensive than spring guns and mantraps. The fear-inspiring inscription was, " Beg gars beware;! Scolopodendriums and poly- diums as set here." One ought not to make an assertio n un less he is sure of his facts, and yet an in ference is sometimes reasonably safe. "'What! is- old Blank dead ?" was the surprised query of a man who saw a fu neral go by. " I don't know," was the cautious reply, "but Ijudge sr>. juo see, Uiey.are ' ourying Him." Perth news states that the exploring party organised by Durack Brothers, of New South Wales, to examine the Kimberly country, have reached Freemantle. They landed in -Cambridge -Gulf, and following a south- easterly direction, struck the Ord River near the apot where Alexander For rest left itj thence they travelled to Fitzroy on Forrest's tracks, and they fully endorse of the capabilities of the country. Jt is estimated, extraordinary as 'it may seem, that. the whole of Russia is burnt out once in -every century. Trustworthy statistics show that .from 1860 to 1874 in clusive, -leaving out Poland and Finland and the two capitals, -with fotir other towns, there were altogether 250,000 fires, equi valent to a loss of ;about £70,000,000 in English money. The Executive Council of South Austra lia have determined to commute the sentence of death passed on Patrick M'Gree and his wife Elizabeth, who -were found guilty of murdering Christian Renderup at Hamley Bridge, to a term of imprisonment. Con sidering the circumstances of the case the commutation was not unexpected. The case of Burns, now lying under sentence of death for the ' murder of the second mate of the Douglas on the high seas, will be finally dealt with by the Exe cutive Council of South Australia to day. The jockey F. .Archer is to be married this month to a daughter .of Mr. John Dawson, and neico of his partner, Mr. Matthew Dawson, the celebrated trainer of New market. Already (remarks a homo paper) "the Tinman " has received several wed ding presents of divers characters from grateful backers in all parts of the Kingdom in many cases accompained by a few kind wishes, which are much appreciated by their recipient. The Paris evening paper, Le Soir, of the 9th November, relates the following sensa.- tional occurrence : — " This forenoon Prince Polignae's son, a young man of fcvrcnty-fire, set fire with petroleum to his father's cham bers, in the Rue de Miromesnil. In a few moments. the flames invaded the whole suite, and the whole house would have been burned but for this prompt arrival of the fire brigade. Two pumps were at oice set in motion, and after an hour's hard work the fire was mastered. The Prince had asked his father for money, which was re fused ; hence the act of vengeance. He has been interrogated by the Commissory of the Quartier de l'Europe, who has arrested him." A sad accident happened to a girl eight and a half years of age, on Sunday after noon at Mordialloc. She was picnicing with her foster parents, Mr and Mrs Wicks. A fire had been lighted to boil water, but after been used was supposed to be extin guished. It, however, blazed up again, and by some means set fire to the unfor tunate child's dress. She ran into the bush, and was (says the TelegrajA) found mere by her friends L aiding position, but so Wily burned that she died before medical aid could 1 obtained. Advice to Mothers ! — Are you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a .chemist- and get a bottle of Mrs Winslow's Soothing Strup. It will relieve the poor , sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothes tbe child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs Wins- Jnw's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere afc Is 1 Jd per bottle- ' 