NEWS OF THE DAY. Our London messages this morning stnto that Patrick Egan, late treasurer of the Irish Lund League, who is now. in Chicago, is arranging, tor a convention of the Irish Fenians for the purpose of discussing the present con- dition of. affairs in Irelaud Great ex citement has been caused in Erzo- j roura, the capita! of Armenia In Asiatic Turkey, by a threatened invasion of a Russian army, Kussia has tor some tune preserved a wariike attitude in regard to the Armenian frontier of Turkey, and now she has decided to send «. an arrays into the country. As the Porte recently despatched strong reinforce ments to Armenia serious consequences may be looked for. An agitation is going on in France for the introduction of a comprehensive system of protection. It is probablo that Roumania will withdraw her protest against the decision arrived at by the Danubian Conference. Several villages in Armenia have been com pletely destroyed by a series of avalanches, which have fallen from Mount Ararat. The number of people killed is not exactly known, but it lias been ascertained that over 100 persons have lost their lives. Strong measures, ore being taken iu London with the view of preventing, a recurrence, of the ex plosions which recently took place. Two thousand troop3, selected from the regemtnts which are stationed in the home district, have been told off for sentry duty in London and suburbs, and the Houses of Parliament and Buckingham Palace have been placed in charge of a detachment of the Coldstream Guards. Yesterday being Easter' Monday was cele brated with the' usual festivities, of which there was more thau a feast, but the enjoy ment of the holiday makers WiU, so far as I Melbourne and the suburbs were concerned, "Considerably marred by a heavy shower of .rain, which fell about four o'clock and con tinued for over -an hour, interrupting the va rious outdoor public sports, and hurrying pic nic parties to their homes. The events of the dayincluded 'two gTand bazaars, a volun- > tear sham light at Queeusclitf, tho Druids'- | Gala, the Catholic Picnic, tho Intercolonial Cricket Match, and tho Williamstown races, all of which were well attended. The All Nations' Bazaar, which was opened at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, in' connection with Christ Church, South Yarra, promises to , be a great success. The atten dance of tho public was largo both in the after noon 'and in the evening, and an extensive business was carried on at the various stalls. The organ .selections given duriug the after noon by ' Messrs. Plaistcd and Stevens were judiciously chosen. In tho. evening Miss -Rosina Caraiidini, Miss Christian and Mr. Jolley contributed songs, which were well re ceived, and Mr. Ernest Barker gave a piauo- forte solo, and the band two selections. Tho -Bide shows played to very fair audiences. The bazaar opens at three in tho afternoon and at seven in the. evening during tho week. Tho proceeds yesterday amounted to £557 17s. 4d. The International Fair, which has been in augurated to supplement the building fund iu connection with St. Patrick's lt.C. Cathedral, was -opened yesterday afternoon by his Excellency the Governor. Thero was a very large attendance of the public, itbuing estimated that fully 4000 people witnessed the opening ceremony., A brisk. business was done during the afternoon and evening. The bazaar- is to remain opeu for u fortnight, -and should yield, at its close, a handsome sum towards the ob ject for which' it is being held. Tho "living" chess tournament excited much interest. A musical programme, iu which Miss Roes,- Mrs. Eainsdcu and Mr. Stoker took .part, was exi.v cuted during the afternoon, II err Block's band also performed selections at intervals. The Easter meeting of the Williamstown Racing Club passed" off successfully, yester day.': .The attendance was good, and though the fields were small some excellent racing took place. Yarrce won the Hurdle Race, Stormbird. being! second and Merry Maid third. The Altona Handicap fell to The Ghost, after a splendid finish with Hotiora; Haideo of the Hills was third.. For the Tele graph Stakes Doctor was first, Queen Eliza beth second, and Kanootn third. Prattle won the Galloway Stakes : and for the Steeplechase Premier was first, Breechloader second, and Ascot third. The last race on the card was the Seaford Handicap, in which Black Diamond was successful. Much dissatisfaction was ex pressed by a considerable number of visitors at' the railway arrangements. Though the last race started at five o'clock, it was nearly seven o'clock before those on the last train arrived at Spencer-street. The intercolonial cricket match was, con-, tinned yesterday in the presence of about 2500 spectators. Tho South Australians had made only 23 in their first innings, and two of the Victorian team had been disposed of for 13' on Saturday. The remaining batsmen scored well yesterday, bringing the total to 189 for Steven wickets, when the heavy rain again , caused the play to cease. Slight, who is not out, played a superb innings for 44; Midwinter 10, Horan .31 and Scott 2fi also exhibiting fine batting power, The match will be resumed to-day at noon. A baby show was held at Ballarat on Good Friday, the prize being a pelisse valued nt £5 f>3., the gift of Mr. II. Gardner. Forty babies, uudcr the guardianship of their mothers, were presented lor competition, Dr. JVrinyii per- forming the difficult functions of judge. After a careful inspection of the various merits of the respective children, Dr. Jermyn declared a tie between seven. The mothers then drew lots for the prize, which ultimately fell to a child of Mr.. Davey. The following are the returns of the pas senger traffic yesterday over the various Vic torian liii«s : — From Spencer-strcct — Main line, 155S ; Ballarat, 357S ; North-Eastern, 552 ; Castlemaino and Dunolly, 96 ; Ballnrat and Maryborough, 4fl ; Wiiliamstown, 2954 ; Essendon, 495; Gouiburn Valley, 74; total, 9353\. From Hobson's Bay Station : Snndridge, 13,819; Brighton, 14,135' ; St. Kilda, 89515; Hawthorn,- 2413; total. 39,323. From Prince's -bridge Station : Oaklcigh suburbau, 1907; Franks ton and Mordinlloc, 5703; Lillydalo, G10; Gippslaud, 17501;; total, 90701 ; total from all stations, 57,7404.' . Some of the drivers on tho main Murray line complain very much of the arrangements which have prevailed for many years past be tween Melbourne and Sandhurst. It seems that on this' line drivers living at Sandhurst have to drive right. through to Melbourne in- one day and return to Sandhurst the next. They ' are thus obliged to remain iu Mel bourne one night away from their families. Tho Melbourne drivers, ot course, have in their turn to stay at' Sandhurst every' other night. For this au allowance of only 4s. rid. each is made to tho drivers aud fire- men, and they contend that it is not enough to keep them for 12 hours besides paying for a bed out of tho money. . It would bo much more gratifying to the men, it is said, if they wero 'allowed to change at -Woodcnd or Kyricton and return iioime the same day, as the drivers and firemen of tho goods engines do. Thoy urge that they could change and turn their engines so .as to avoid loss of time, and" they further represent that the State would save the 4s. Gd. allowances now made to drivers and firemen. Representa tions ate shortly, to be made to the Minister re garding the grievance. It will be pointed out that the custom only prevails on the main line; On all the other lines out and home stages are arrauged. On the' Gfppsland line, for instance, tho Sale and Melbourne engines turn at War- ragul, the former returning to. Sale and the , latter to Melbourne on the same day. A strong feeling is expressed by numbers of residents along the route of the Coburg rail way at tho lnauuor in. which the contractor for the dine is carrying out the work. At Albion- street, Brunswick, a large stone boulder 1ms boeu left projecting from the centre o£ the footpath, and- is liable to trip any person. - To make matters still more dangerous no lights-, arc provided at night to enable foot passengers to see the obstacle. Other places have also been left in a similarly dangerous manner. At Iiopo-street the water supply has been cut off, to the groat iuconveniencc of people ; and in other places the water tables are blocked np through the contractors carts .going to and fro over them, no provision haying been made for the escape of drainage water. Complaints have, been made to the Brunswick borough council about the mutters, and it is hoped that steps will be taken to see that, the defects are remedied. 'Another schoolmaster appears to havo got into serious difficulties, in the Western Dis trict. The Portland Guardian states that "a- , few weeks ago Mr. Dennnnt, Inspector of Schools, conducted an inquiry at the Saudford school into various charges laid against Mr, Renehan, the head teacher,, with the result that on the 17th inst. he was suspended from duty, and a relieving teacher put in charge of the. school. Mr. Ronehan now demands a i board' of inquiry, which will no doubt bo granted! The charges are very serious, par- . ticulnrly those of drunkenness and absenting himself from duty without leave." < ; , It is proposed to establish a meteorological observatory in Hobart, and a deputation, con sisting; of Mr. T. Stephens, one of tho vice- presidents of the Royal. Society, and Mr. 0. . H. Grant, recently waited upon tho Treasurer :to urge tlie matter upon the Government, ! The Mercury writes : — u Observations are made at present in six or eight districts/but liitherto only thermometrical and barometrical . observations have been made. The society recommend that magnetic observations should he included,, and that the various operations should be carried out by district surveyors in conjunction with the observatory Btaff at' Hobart. Mr. Dodds, in reply to the deputa tion, said that ns Mr. Black, oftlie Victorian iLatids department, had arrived in this colony to inquiro into the working of the survey de partment, he would wait for that gentleman's report, and," if practicable, . ho would then recommend tho Government to. carry out the suggestions of the society." Pastor Daniel Allan, of Sydney, will deliver a free lecture this evening in the Temperance Hall, Russell- street, on the subject of "The Fall of Babylon by Drunkenness," .... Gentlemen interested in the cheap and easy removal of earth are invited to witness a trial of the Chesticy patent automatic earth scoop, which will take place ut 31 r. Macnainara's farm at Moonee Ponds this morning at half-past eleven. . '! 