SEASONABLE SKETCHES. cloncurry tom. ..... »'"ong»t tho moat notiioaUu ol tlio tho proHOQt timo i th docrf.-.- of tho Novpr-novor country, with )UT» tall figiJro, clntf in olmisj" of brown visnrm thorn ou't of mony o hot day'n MorchiT' i. t-ruiucs, i on can pick him out of ti n A , 1 '"!H ft Hlmrpura JS u i.v it iguuu iuuk man your Victorian \-- t ronunwaand8waoS farmer, has a niuiw t oro'a gait; and is a perfect ouisancu ... .. ' having a jKnehant for throwing hia arms wildly about in liis violentattempts to extri cate himself from tho mass of Htrupffliug hu manity $by whloh ho is surrounded, Noticoably tin's wu3 tno case on Cup day iu tho raco for tho tram after Iho Van Yoan Stakes. There, tho stockman of tho North was particularly out of his olement. Accustomed to the wide opon plains, wilii, perhaps, only a blnskfellow fora companion, ueo to roam at wijj on tlio b.ick of Ins trusty hnckf tho cntsh at tho railway gates was to him a revelation, but scarcely c delight. Hemmed iu on all sidos, "packed" as i heard one man say. "liko sordmc for exportation." with tho push from the rear gstting more severe each mmutp, tho position wasr unpleasant foj anyono. In Iho middle of tho crush I ob served ono man from the North making tho most frautic attempts to reach tho train, Ho pushed, squeezed, and elbowed, iiecdloss of the angry remonstrances of the ufortunate3 within reach of him, Presently some ono called out Look out for your pockets." It wilT bo nu over-to-be-remcimborod night to those who witnessed if to think of the rapidity with which our Jxorthorn friend plunged' his woathor- boaton hands into the mysterious depths of his trouaor-pcckcts, and kopt them tliero. How- over, very few of our country visitoss have bocn robbod this timo. The titnoly coutions and plain exposures of Thk Herald havo aavod tnnm f.hi« miatArhittn ....a i - .. ..... |,uv iinuu- inn RUfttd, tho bushtnan is not half. ho silly as ho io accredited with boing. 1'roininent amongst tlio "bnck-blockors" is an old friend of mino, «$!! l;no«-n by tbo . iobriiincl of Cloncurry lom. fly profession lio is n drover, and it was only tlio otlier day lie doirvorcd six Inrndred liead of fat bullocks . from tlio OloiicurryJNo. a.) in tho Honiobush Markel, .Sydney. Cuuserpiontly ho is flush of cash, and, liko most bushtnen, iu a red hot hurry to spend it. Accustomed in tho in terior to stop and have a driak at oacli scattered roadside publichouse or shanty, ho finds some difficulty— through forco uHiabit I presunio— in parsing byany of tko numerous hotels in tho city without calling. In this ro- syect lie is a nuisance. Your last nobbier W scarcely Iodgud in your :»i3ophagu whon be \- feels iu humor # for another. Ho cau novor jJ0f.a ® barmaid. Tlicso interesting young lad ics havo a groat attraction for him. In fact anything merotrieicoas captivutos hia fancy.Can you blame him ? Where Lo usually resides a white woman, is a variety. The class of women ho would meet cn route to Sydney in roadsido shantios would not tend to hia moral or intellectual advancement. Tho Aboriginal young lady, in Chloo costume, with laughing eves and pearly, teeth,, ono soon wearies ol. Gloncurry X«uu is scarcely fit to be introduced into good soototy, as. his manners are rough, and nia appeal anco rougher, consequently ho loses tho soothing lnffooncos to bo gained in tho compauy ot a gixjd and truo woman. Since his arrival in town Cloncurry Tom has changed ins habits into those of tho owl. With tho exception of raco days— when ho is a strict attendant at FJemington-ho sleeps all day and> roams, nil night ; but he is usually most genial over his supper of oysters and porter vftei his return home from a viiit to the theatre, "hen if he can got n 11 greenhorn," or ono unveraed in buali lore, ho is liappy. His yarns nro jnany, but ho shine:, principally in fftl&tmrr; Bid f)«ll&l-;!onr<na «i.O. I.1..I.,, TT- assorta that he has killed hundred of them, and in fact, hus a private burial ground on a pme-ridgo . near the station ; but his most- mthnute associates know well that he has never pulled a trigger on a nigger yet, nor is he likely to do so unless under terrible provoca tion, or in self-dofonco. 1 wish I could say tho ram© for many others in tho North, Thq following is a pot yarn of his, aud ho mokes a poiai 9f only relating it when mellow " I woke tip one warm morning, feeling rathor seedy, as a chap is apt to do in that internal hut cjitnate, where the fowls lay thoir eggs ready boiled, and, as a matter of course, I wasn't in the best of humor, I roused up tho chaps, kicked tho Chinaman cook, wentaoWn to the camp and shot a giti for being saucy, and then telt in humor for breakfast, After a hearty monl I telt bettor, and went down to thesUckyard with thereat of the lads to catch my hnrre, old Roily, who had had a couple of mouths' spell. He was very fat and a little frisky, but, bless you, I could ride anything from a giraffe to a rat in those daysl \Vell, I mounted tho old wretch, aud before you could say knifo ! he "went to market" with mo. I inoted the hooks into him, and my word didn't he buck. Straight ahead, circular, semiei- circular, and all ways. At last the girth broko and tho saddle aud myself were soon sprawling on tho ground. The other stockriders only smiled, but a confounded campful ot buck niggers started tvlaugh right out at me. Groat Ctesar'b ghost ! who can stand being laughed at by a lot of lazyr useless and foul-smelling niggers? I can't anyhow, I got hipped im mediately, and drew my revolver on them. In sixteen seconds thero were six corpses." 1 " Give it to 'em," shouted the boys, and I loaded again and shot six more.' " Struggling over the inanimate frames of tbo departed aba. I gavo chase to the others, . and brought down three with flying shots. This 1 mado fifteen— not a bad day's work ; so I : tuined Roily out, and made up my mind to.|>eUnllday. So I imbibed a few whiskies, and went to roost. However, it was too blooming hot to sleep, and the- flies and mos- qnitccH nearly ato mo, so, in the afternoon I buu/t u|» <» 41i.o uu u ttuub uu, bu iuuiv 1uc u wwu turkey for dinner. I had no luck after about two hours' walking, so I camped under a gid- yah tree and dozed. How long I dozed I kuow not. By-and-byo I thought 1 felt something touch my noso, and quickly opened my eyes. Iinngiue my surprise on seeing a buck nigger standing ovor mo with tho muzzle of tbo rifle in his month, and tho stock near my nose, blowing down the barrel for his life. I aapi>030 ho thought that was tho way to fire it, lie blew (ill 1 though he'd bu'st. In his- excitement ho was striking me every second on tho face with the butt of tho gun, and human nature enh-tstand that, you know. So I quickly : put my finger on the trigger, waited until he was in tho middle of a terrible- "blow," and then pulled it. You ought to have seen that nigger. The top of his hood waa cloan blown off, and liis confounded carcaso fell right on top of mo. Tho crows had a jolly good feed for a week I can tell you. There wa a section of hia hoad stuck about twenty feet up a leopard-tree and I bolicve it's thoro yet ; and hia tonguo and a : back tooth woro picked up some fifty yards from ' thcsconoof the occurrence," /' Tho effects of these storks on town boys pro- duco various toolings. Somo applauded Tom to tho echo ; while somo more eerious-mradod . youthslooked uponhimnsa murderer, pure and simple, worthy of n hempen collar, aud shunned his company like that of a leper. But as a general rule, all seo through this veneer of bombast and braggadocio. The seriousness with which he speaks of his adventures to n fvorito barmaid i3 remarkable, Ho lounges on the bar, and like Othello records tho dangers he bad passed, "his hairbreadth escapes l>y ilood and field," until Desdoiaona- liko she pities him, and "pity is akin to lovo." He tolls her thow ho was once "bushed" for four days withoutabito to eat or a drop to drink ; how ho was seven times neaily drowned in tho Barcoo ; and onco surprised and Bpeared by a party of frightened blacks. He is an ex- iiruuiuiuiiry uruueuru hj iuu gin, quuu a ma- tinct type of the human species, He spoaks modostly of his achievements, and struggles bis best to restrain tho evor-roady string of ex pletives, which compose the chiof part of the drovor's vocabulary. Foor Tom cannot mako a compliment ; brave old soul that he i. ho would almoat blush at tho attempt, I'erhnm this is the reason the barmaid admires him. It 'mutt be a change to a girl in this unonviablo position to bo tree, for oven a brief period, from the insipid platitudes and musty compli ments of every unfledged stripling and ovor- dressed oountorjumper. It is extremely pro bable that Tom will fall in lovo with tho girl, . and inay possibly marry hor ; in which case sho will find hersolf in tho possession of a rough diamond, tlio cutting of which for good or evil will bo entirely in hor own hands. I have heard many cavil at the lot of tho womon in tho interior, and I cau osBuro you thoro aro Bomo dolicatoly bred and highly cultured ladios living thoro, helping thoir husbands bv good advico ana affection to maintain the struggle for a com petency which will onablo hun to pass the evening of life 'midst happier associations, sweetened by tlio recollection of tho sufferings and privations they aro enduring at tho present day. ... Afavorito resort of tbo tho bushman is tbo Waxworks. Gardener, Ben Hall, Morgan, and tho Kellya are a groat attraction to mm. Not, perhaiM, that hollas any sympathy with them, bnt he hoe hoard and road ao> much of their exploits that ho looks vpott thom iu tho " «- im , , t| ...| light of old frienda. Ifomcri " pout, ot Royally, tahoo but u L8 ,nco? al "«» j? "'.0 lrl»h infoltnora, biit foa'ta |K,,'orSL. bod, ». .. muit. -w, -."I bo able toulnlM w.lla,' f "torV '«> hnn .oon, Ul wonderful aighto ha liiuiah"nnd that ii' h! "|'r'.tll0r W of amuaing . ; 'i- Wm bot CK'Sb¥rUri,Jl,'<>». toll mo thia : If ii "lzz >o« can't 01 calico to mako n aliroml for ,, .1 "lf J"1"1" Tom tclFa another atrmai'nc' Blory, wlilrh r klitn- to ho truo, At tlio atutinn on which ha laborB t,.ert wag a young ablobodiod black fob low, who r.ltdndod to running in the lioi- dc.i iu tlio morning, Olid did othor odd jobs; alai, n young and aprnOO littlo gin, who ogled tlio young blackfollow. Thoy wero named re.qjoc- tivoly Dampor and Fussycat, Tom thought thatDsmpor reciprocated i/ussyoat's nffoctitms, and ono wet day, when all hands woro idlo,iuada tip his mind to crown thoir hnppiuo.ss by uniting them iu mar-riago. So ho called the 1 cat if sho loved' Dfonpor, to whicli ho rocoivod ' an aUirmativo rejtfy, and thon put tho same question to Damper, who nnsworod -"Oh, , almighty J" Satisfied it was a care of truer , lovo, ho mado thom -join hands, anil having borrowed a copy of FfankotFs Australian Mu'/itlrate from tho manager, proccodod tu read n bigamy caso ont of it. After this ha declared them married, aud finving exhorted Dmnpor not to boat his spouso oftonor than oncaa week, dismiftsod tfiotn 'midst u showor of old boots, empty jam tini/and olbsv missile. Tiiis aingUlarly splicod couple thon doi>arted to th.rirgunyah . to spend tho wtlfodox"' honey moon. ..... Foor Tom ! hir holiday will .ipsn- bo over, and tho Acorching hoat of tho January sun will find lum again ca tln plains of Northern Queensland.' Ho is of tho stuff pioneers aro mado of. Let us hope'- that on hi- next viirifc ho will bo< accompanied by a Mrs Tom, and half-a-do/oa olive branches, and- th£,tffie ahull havo ainasned sufficient woaltli to enable hitu to reside permanently amongst uk, 0. 