AT ANTIOCH IN PISIDIA. JUNE 3—AFTERNOON. Beading, Acts xiii. 13-16; 43-52. Golden Text, ver. 32. Take the word " tidings" in Golden Text as the keyword of the lesson. Give one or two illustrations of its use. Tidings of a long-lost son. Sad tidings: The calamities of Job.—The taking of the Ark.—The death of Absalom. Glad Tidings—at the Gospel. First brought by an angel (Luke ii. 10), by Jesus in synagogue of Nazareth (Luke iv. 18). In lesson notice, I.—THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF THE TIDINGS. Ver. 13-16. By whom?—Tell of the travellers, specially Paul and Barnabas. Like their Master, not keeping in one place, but going about preaching, etc. (Luke viii. 1; see also 2 Cor. xi. 26),—the best and most profitable business, the " Father's business." Passing from Perga (ver. 14) would have to cross Mount Taurus, on slopes of which Antioch was situated. As they descended towards it the people, had they known their errand, might have greeted them with the prophetic song (Isa. lii. V). Upon what subject ? (Verse 32 witlx verse 23.)—The fulfilment of a promise, old and oft repeated, a promise which "the fathers" never let go, was to them as the cord " let down from the height, and fastened round the waists of those who gain their living by searching for nests among the cliffs," kept them from falling and sinking into despair. This promise at last fulfilled, Christ had come with glad tidings for all who believe— forgiveness of all sins, justification from all things (verses 38, 39.) II.—THE INTEREST FELT IN THE TIDINGS. Ver. 42-44. Shown in the request to the preachers.— When ? " As they went out." A critical time. People wrap up when they leave the sanctuary to prevent taking a chill; trifling talk as we leave school causes a spiritual chill. What ? " that these words " etc., God's words, both satisfy and give an appetite. How ? Dwell on word " besought," begged, earnestly, desired. Hlustrate by use of word in Matt. xiv. 36; Luke v. 12 ; viii. 41; John iv. 47, 40; Act s viii. 31. Following the preachers.—Notice the advice given to them—urged to continue. What? We must not continue in 6in if we would continue in the grace of God (Bom. vi. 1, 2). Sin will drive out grace, or grace will drive out sin. Gathering to hear the preachers. On the next Sabbath. So many more than on the first Sabbath. How brought about ? Those interested, those who had received good, sought to interest and to bring others. Illustrate the woman of Samaria. III.—THE TREATMENT OF THE TIDINGS. Ver. 45-52. Different. Read Rom. x. 16 ; 2 Cor. ii. 15,16—Illustrate the effects of rain on different soils, running off some, sinking into others. By the Jews.—{a) They were filled with jealousy "When they saw," etc. Contrast feelings of Jesus, Matt. ix. 36. Explain reasons. One groat one, the good tidings for all alike. Rom. x. 12. No servants' entrance into heaven, one way for all; (I) Spoke hard words; (e) Thrust from them the truth. Dwell on their folly. Thrusting away the life-boat, fire escape; (d) Raised persecution: (e) Expelled the messengers. Compare Luke iv. 28. By the Gentiles.—(a) Believed the tidings; (b) Spread the tidings j (c) Were filled with joy. Contrast " filled with jealousy." Show connection between " joy " and the " Holy Ghost." Bom. xiv. 17 ; Gal. v. 22. CONCLUSION.—Sad the condition of those who thrust from them the glad tidings; when tidings come to them, " Thou shalt die and not live," will be filled with misery. Those who receive them will be filled with joy, the prelude of that fulness of joy which will be theirs when they reach the Heaven from whence the tidings come. What are YOU going to do ? W. H. WHITBREAD. f Revelation is not designed to satisfy your intellectual doubts as to spiritual processes. Our understanding is too contracted to receive full satisfaction. Space and time place limits upon the mind. This present is a pro- bationary state. duty binding.— Sufficient knowledge is given to make James Foster. It is easier to suppress the first desire than to satisfy all that follow it. —Franklin. 