HISTORIC SLANG. How common is the expression, "Oh! she is down in the dumps ” —that is, out of spirits. This is a very ancient slang phrase, and is supposed to be derived from “ Dumpos, King ot.j Egypt, who' built a pyramid and ’died of melancholy;" so that the thieves and gipsies are not at all to blame for having given us a few expressive words, " ' We next come upon a word full of pathetic meaning for many of us; it is the ghost that haunts and pursues us more or leas throughout the year—it is the word " dun.” It is a word of consequence, for it is at once a verb and a noun, and is derived, from the Sixon-word “ D.unao,” to din or clamour. ~ It owes its im mortality—so tradition' says—to having been the surname of one Jos., Hun, a famous bailiff of I|incoln, in the reign of Henry VII., who was 80 active and dexterous in collecting bad debts, that when anyone " became slow to pay," the neighbours used to say, “ Dun him," that is, "send Dun after him." “ Draw it mild " and■" Come it :; strong," have their origin in music, being the terms used by the leader of an orchestra when he wishes bis violin players to- play loudly or gently. From this they have passed into synonyms for egaggerators and boasters, who are requested either to moderate' their state" moots or to astonish their audience. The word "coach" in these days is a familiar one, as parents know who'have to employ tutors to assist their eons to swallow the regu lation amount of "cram" necessary for com petitive examination. THh word is of university origin, and can boast of a logical etymology. It is a pun upon the term “ getting on fast.” To get on fast you must take a coach; you cannot get oh fast in learning without a pri vate tutor—cryo, a private tutor is a coach. Another familiar word in university slang is "a regular brink,” that is, a jolly good follow; and bow the simile is logically deduced is amusing enough. A brick is " deep red," eo a "deep road mao is a brick. like a brick is to road until you are deep" " read.” A deep-read man is in university phrase, “ a good man," a grind man fa- a “jolly fellow" with nou-roadiog men; ergo, a jolly fellow is a “brick.” 