THE NORTHMAN'S STORY. I. On the coast of Norway, half-way between Stavanger an 1 Bergin, among the many lighthouses which mark the spots of special danger, not oue stands more conspicuous than the Folgernaes, a little north of that long broken line of reef which stretches out from Voldo. Bare, wild, desolate, the sight of a human habitation on that lonely rock seems to send through the beholder a shudder ; there, on the very summit crowning its pinnacle, stands the lighthouse, and by its side the low white-painted dwelling of those whose duty it is to keep the light in order. Except for the railed round walk, levelled to keep watch from, every inch of ground must be scrambled over, and a line of staples driven into the rock points the almost sheer descent to where & boat lies sheltered below. Seldom do the elements favour the wishes of those who feel a curiosity to land here; and it is mostly due to necessity or misadventure that the spot is ever visited by a stranger. Should chance in either form have carried one there, he would not long ago have been brought face to face with two whose lives, by a strange fatality, seemed linked together, Henrik Larsen and Nils Kroll. Though near of an age the one to the other, while Larsen's hair was already grey, hip face lined, and his heavy figure slouched and bent down from the shoulders, Kroll's still youthful-looking face met your gaze with a frank, cheery smile ; he was possessed of a fund of good humour, and hie move ments were quick and active, as becomes a smart sailor. 4 What made you come here, Nils ? What makes you stay.?' were questions I had kept on my lips ever sinoe I first saw him, and some years had gone by since then, bach season bringing me to Norway to the same neighbourhood, when certainly once during my stay I oontrived to pass a day — sometimes lengthened into two or three — with my friends, the two lighthouse men. Larsen usually took advantage of my being there to have a fit of 'the shivers,' only a pretext for Nils enjoying my company unrestrainedly, as, whatever there was to do, he did it. Nothing would have given him greater offence than for Nils to disturb himself in any way. . 4 1 talk it all over with him after,' Nils would say ; ' and that's what he likes — if he ever listens to what's going on it must be in Ms own way.' I smiled. Time had taught me how attached to each other were these men ; the causes which bound them still remained a mystery". There are occasions when confidences seem begotten by the atmosphere ; the sun, the sky, the moaning wind each brings an influence to bear. Nils and I, sheltered in a hollow — where, dropped in the rock, we oould stand leaning our elbows on a lodge in front of us — were watching the departing glories of a Northern sunset. It w&b; late in the season. I was homeward bound ; the next day was the day of parting. I had Beized the opportunity of unusually calm weather to pay an extra "visit to Folgernaes while waiting for the steamer which would put in for me on its way to1 Stavanger. A few hours before, when all around was calm and still, Larsen, to whom croaking came as natural as to a raven, predicted that there would be more wind' ; and now, the clouds, broken up in fleecy masses over the sky, promised that the moL'row would bear truth to his prophecy. The edge of each Cloud was a golden setting, which deepened and spread out toward the fiery orb already slowly sinking. I do not know how long we had stood silent — we were both smoking, when, as well as I oan remember, for the first time I heard Nils sigh. heavily. 4 1 fear, my poor fellow,' I said, 4 this half imprisonment is often very irksome to you.'. He shook his hesvd, but in a way that did not quite answer me, and suddenly I found myself asking why he had come, what had brought him there, and he was saying 4 I'll tell you. I should, like you to know, what n body else has ever heard, my jetory — which means the story cf us two. Henrik/ and he nodded back to the lighthouse, where Larsen was trimming the lamp, ' and I were both born in Bergen, and from children there ran the streets together. What made us such close chums I don't know, for his people were more well-to-do than mine ; he had a father living, I bnt a widowed mother. Besides this, he was three years older — something important that in the age of boys ; and then the difference in our dispositions, nothing could be wider. He was shy and retiring, called sullen beoausa he would not speak, and obstinate when he did not gift way. Somehow I could generally manage him and coax him out of an ill-humour; and, net seeing his faults, as others named I them, he obtained a great influence over me. ! I worshipped his resolution and his courage j to endure, and looked upon him as a hero, I l?eoause, though hie father might (brash him Within an inch Of Mb life, he could not make limgivein. . 4 Old Larsen was an ill-conditioned, violent man, and all the family, it seemed to me except Henrik, were like him. There was little peace in the house, so Hehrick took to spending his evenings with me, my mother because he was attached to me, making him welcome, although, on a few occasions, ha drew on himself her displeasure by betraying jealonsy. 4 While still a very young lad, a shipmate of my father's came over from North Shiele He was in want of a boy, and he made an offer for me. To be turned into sailors seemed to me then the sole reason why boys were brought into the world. All my companions Iheir fathers, the men we knew, were con' ?ected with the sea. How was it possible to have any other ambition? My heart was filled with joy to think I was about to enter on this life. I knew of only two regrets — I had to part from my mother, and Henrik was not going with me. Old Larsen had other views for him— he meant to place him with a cousin who was a fiah-salfcer. 4 That first rough apprenticeship was the beginning of my picking up the English I know, and it served me in good stead when I got back again to Bergen and was looking about for something better to do. 4 Four years I bad been absent,, and it seemed as if it could not have be sn more than a day, for all was as I left it. I knew the people I met in the streets, although not one of them remembered me ; the Mrares in the shop windows looked still familiar; and Mother Olsen, sitting in the Tory Almen- dengen under the steps of Hanslsmand Dybvad's bouse, had the same horus of currants and the tied-up sticks of <. sherries and was knitting awy at the long leg 0 a stocking, just as I left her. 4 1 quickened my steps home, beca use the -tears would come into my eyes— ail .ny life through they've played me that nasty trick of getting suddenly watery. My mother, I asked myself — would she recognise me 2 4 One of the first questions I par. after freeing myself from her embrace was, 4i And Henrik, where is he ?" 4 "Henrik has left Bergen. His father is mad against him. He has run away." There, she did not know, only he had gone xo sea " to seek you," she added, 44 for he has never had another friend." 4 That evening I set to work to find him out, and very soon I was put on his xrack ; so that, having got a berth ou board a Ham burger detained in Bergen for repairs, at Hamburg I came upon him, and it was not long before he joined our ship's company; and thus the intimacy of our boyhoud was restored. By this time I could not help seeing that Henrik had grown into a queer kind oi chap ; not that I had anything to compluin oi, excepting through his jealousy. No matter who it might be — old, young, man, cog (<ve had not the chance of its being a woman in those days) — if they liked me, he hated them, and would go to work at scheming how he could set us one against the other. 4 One evening, in Stavanger, we strolled down to the landing plaoe and stood smoking. It was a night like this. ' I can always bring that long past one baok to me. We beard a woman's voice. Again in my ears Bounds that melody. I strain them to catch ita music. 4 44 Listen !" I said to Henrik ; 41 they are | singing;" and I motioned him to go up closer to the house through whose open windows the music reached us. Two persons were singing — the voices of a man and a woman ; one cf them played an accompani ment on the guitar. Even now I cannot j tell what spell fascinated me, bat, after the j song had stopped, I pushed Henrik aw&y.; 44 Wait," I said ; " perhaps she'll sing again." 41 There are two of tjism," wae his reply. There might have been a dozen ; I listened to but one— the notes .of a voice that had entranced me. At twelve o'clock that night, my vessel left Stavanger to continue on its journey; and, as we slowly steamed away, I fixed my eyes on the house and made myself a promise that on onr return I would find out who was the singer. But some months went by, and I had not found mv opportunity, though by that time I had contrived to pick out the air, all but two or three bars, which always baffled me. One evening, at Laurvig, I had gone into the woods expecting to meet I Henrik, whose vessel started froth there. The j townsfolk were flocking up to hear the band. j £ loitered among the trees, expecting him w 1 overtake me. Suddenly all the blood in niy j body rushed into my bead. I heard the song ; I it was song by the same singar. Half & I dozen steps brought me close behind the I group — three young girls. They were walking I hand in hand together. I 14 4i Hush, Signe !' said one, mischievously ; I 44 somebody ia listening ;'5 and, turning, they I were brought face to face so close to me that 1 we all burst out laughing. Among our class I of life in this country, our manners are free; I those who have a fancy for each other need I not be kept silent for lack of introduction. I Within half an hour of that moment, we I were all the best of friends. I had beau told I by them who they were, and, in turn, they I knew what there was to hear about me. I When the other two had paired off with I young fellows whom we met on the way, I found courage — for I never felt so shy wit" I anyone before — to tell Signe how at Stavanger I I had listened to her song and how ever j since it died haunted me. Yes, she haa I bat lately returned from Stavanger, where | she had been staying with a friend ; her ho®6 I was Laurvig. She was an orphan, but her I mother, just before dying, had married ag®a» I and she was given a home by her step-'a61, I Talking earnestly together, we soon lost her a companions, and did not meet them I As for poor Henrik, I had forgotten allabou I him. I Well, that night, the forerunner oruwny I others, left but one thought in my w/' I when, how,, where, should I meet Sigce I loved her madly. The one question l I always asking myself was, 41 Did she io 1 me?" Henrik, to'whom I confided my fe&v;' I scoffed at my timidity. " Why don't yoa » I ! her ?" he would say, roughly. I did eot I ! answer tell him how often I had tried, o a that the words seemed to ohoke me. 4 , r I .time went on. I had to leave LaarYig; I name back; again I went away. Sometimes Henrik and I met ; sometimes I misstd wo I rfk®T did K> th. - fault '| I cine. I wanted no other company. . I »W|liing in with him at Christiansend, he I -m-orisfed me with the news that an offer had JJJojade him of a good berth. A captain En Bergen whom he knew waB going a «ee to Valparaiso, and, if he- liked to take it tke ,fe of third mato would 1)6 given Well, of course you'll go ?" , «>! ehoold if they had room for two," he "Suome, old fellow " Ietopped, not quite knowing how to put rhat I wanted to say. My love for Signe had l«JRed toe completely, and I saw that f had i JJ tight to allow him to miffe this chance, hen 1 meant fco seize the first opportunity. tnamag hie temper, I began speaking in a Shout way. He anticipated me. 1 «I understand, " he said. "You mean if needn't be eo much together now. All ,Ui!" sud he was turning away, when he ItaDPed. " Look here," he said, "do you fire for the berth? If so, take it;" and he I Reeled himself round brusquely. «Bufc I was not going to let him part with fflein that way. For a whole hour I tried to i n him to a happier humour, and, in doing I to, opened out my heart and its desires, j flmlly dealing a last fatal blow by saying, j «fl I took your offer, it would be because of I Signs-" . . . , -And it is of I make it to ton." ' « Ab !" I said, with a lover's stupidity ; t "it last you are beginning to like her, I tuow, for 'my sake." But he stopped what I v as saying by shaking me off roughly. "If it's settled that you'll go," he said, I "we'd best look up Jansen and ask him if I be'll take you." I 'And the result of this visit was that, a ! month later, I started for Valparaiso, the ! betrothed of Signe. II, t" Is ever try to light a flame near a mine i of gunpowder." Signe, with that desire for conquest which seems the thirst of a woman's Bitare, although her heart was given to me, began striving to make Henxik her prisoner. 4 i was not without blame in this matter, for, seeing her interested, I had amused her by relating instances of his almost savage jttlousy; and now, when, ostensibly by imeod o! his truEt— for I begged him to be a brother to her— he, in hopes of finding an occasion for slander, dogged her footsteps iod followed her everywhere, the thought came that ehe would try if she had the power to make him love. 'People did not call Signe beautiful. I did not think her eo myself — but her eyes, like her voice, haunted you. They were tender, deep, sad ; they seemed to look down into your heart and leave their light there. Henrik always looked away from her ; it is his habit, you know, more especially if he does not feel well disposed toward a person; snd he hated Signe from his very soul, and, strange to say, quickly penetrated the game the was playing with him. 1 1, who have been given the confidence of the two, know the fight that went on between them. The lapse of years makes oar jadg znent clearer, and, in full possession of the misery wrought, I still have pity for them. 'Tie said that hate and love often lie closer than we dream they do. One moment Henrik was my friend ; the next, every barrier was dashed down, and he bad clasped Signe to his heart and called her his own. 'Poor child ! until that time the love per mitted to meet her eyes had run as a placid stream. Suddenly a torrent had overwhelmed her, and by its force had carried her breath less away. Fear of the giant she bad called to life sealed her lips, stopped her heart — another time she would find courage. When he was gone she would think of what to say. But as a snake with a frightened bird so was Henrik'e power cast over Signe. She was no longer mietrees of herself ; a nature stronger than ehe had dreamed of held her at its mercy, and Henrik was mad ; the love he now felt was a frenzy. Leave her ! go, &B; I had done, for her to make a victim, and fall the prey, of gome other ? Sooner would he have carried out the temptation often present to hii mind of jumping with her into the seething wateris, and thus securing his poweseion for ever ; and Signe dreamed as much, and the heart in viioh I still was imaged died away within her. Another influence, too, was brought to bear. Her stepfather, desirous of getting married him- . reif. urged Henrik's suit, and the unhappy one, hot daring to confess the truth, that it through hear coquetry this savage love bad been born, advanced fifty excuses, but wter the right one. They were married. 'When this happened I had been gone ®ighteen months, and driven desperate th|kt I bad never been written to by either of. them. 1 Was preparing to leave my ship and get some berth in a homeward-bound one, when & former shipmat e met tne. He had a sister 'tLaurvig, and she had written to him. '"So you have lost your sweetheart," he " ana a precious good riddance I should since she's taken up with Larsen." ' " Larpen ! Oh, has she ?" Not I, but my "Pb were speaking, they were making a brave tfortfor me. 4 sister writes they're soon to be Carried, too." 'Bid I answer? I don't know. The next ning I remembered I was far away out of own, by myself — alone, where I could roll the ground, tear up the earth, and call loud« Signe! Signe!" . Alas, rage is very impotent, and when it kLVer kere falls dumb misery, harder to 1?® because it must be bidden X never doubted but whrt I had been told was true. in Phe of the efforts I had made to cheat ®Jedf into a brighter mood, for months there been hanging over me the certainty of evA ; but not through Henrik. In my teosand speculations not a doubt of him bac my mind. . ' Bh, Signe ! J, who had been so reckless JJ® spendthrift, how I had saved and lilt' i or yu .There was a gay-coloured foin.R ' some flowers made from the JbetBof birds, white coral, shells, a trinket ?'Wo« and the money I had put by. Twenty spit « BPread out all before me, asking my- j"' ' what shall I do with this— this, that « meant for her ?" And I ended by it into one parcel and writing on it P8ingto'No4I«1ak &brUt; 40 an<1 « to 4ke heemno of Sn entrusted it pro®iBed to Wow whoa nlote'.na 'f,®'"" by Bach a land ; if- he is nnt fa a foreign destruction. seek death he must find to blot8 oSt%S!hnTXt yeaTS of my life» wj- ,orfdt onto1 1 o» ehiP bad between V&ln;»;.A j 11 one trading first mate of this vessel ILd ABnerio' 1 wae familiar with & 122i ew' 8rowi1 called coiirAn» u recklessness which they looked un to rn! obeyed and most of them nort nfn e\\- We Were making for the Kb som<J 'htee hundred » wsb moderately anntwi . we calculated that in bot the night8wt toi|hnW/?aoh,bera; them ha,M cloudy, and in spite of round ni 8r? T0?,' the darkne88 thickened and hum? lo a heavy fo® ®Pread over stehfc T ?a Ht8 ater' hidig from our warnina nf1- u terrible rollers, the first ?ntl?h« Bv h was the fury f one break- erv «nni « f ad Aching to the skin tha y«wl \hrd her Taken aback by exLr,W> a?u n0fc the CaPtain from cnLt thoragbly familiar with the ««iT' 8l(iQation would have been an awkward one ; as it was, we felt anything but secure until about ten on thefollowing morn- jog, when, the wind freshening a little, the naae cleared away and every man breathed more freely. There was nothing now to do out keejf the ve-eel on her coarse. The Laptain went below, leaving the charge to me. Some time passed by, and then I believe — though I could never ascertain — someone went to rouse him ' He came on deck, to find that in his absence I had managed that the ship was being steered straight into land again. I don't attempt to describe his anger. To estimate such an error one must be a seaman, and I had not a word to say in defence of a mis take which was inexplicable to myself. ' He was still enlarging on the disaster which my carelessness — he would give no credit to my ignorance— might have led ns into, when we were silenced by |he cry of something in eight — a ship— and in distress, seemingly ; and by the aid of the glass we conld see, not far from a towering rock, a vessel which the terrible surf bad carried over the shoal and half imbedded in the sand. Into my mind leaped the thought that there was the solution of the puzzle — to get aid for these poor fellows was the reason I had blundered. If help was to be given I would give it. Only waiting until we got near enough to get a better view, I put the question to the Captain. " Yes, I could go if any of the rest would go with me." I asked them — made a sort of speech — and He whose hand must have ruled the helm helped me, eo that with one voice they shouted " yes." '"I must pick my crew," I said; and singled out six men, and the rest helped us to get ont the boat, and we started. on oar way, while the captain brought the ship to lie to as near as the breakers would permit. 'When reading of wreck b and the many men saved from them, I have asked myself how it was I could remember so little of that time of danger. Truly, I can only tell yoa that we reached the ship; that my first question was, had they any sick or hurt among them; if so, they must be lowered first, then the youngest and least experienced. The boat was thins filled. We left, reached our own ship, and with better heart set off back again for those who were waiting us. I had not left them without swearing a promise that not one shduld be left behind ; but about half way there came over us a dread that saps the courage of the stoutest sailor. Following us we perceived three sharks, and the men who had voluntarily braved the anger of the waves trembled in every limb at the eight of these monsters of jipdeep. There was a common pause. I pitied out the revolver I had with me, and, pointing, said, " The first who stops pulling I shoot dead." My resolution steadied them ; they gave way with all their strength, and the faint sound of a cheer told us how we were saining ground. Between fatigue, exposure, and the extra amount of drink they had taken — for, aB far as I could guesB, few among the crew were quite sober — the task of getting the men from off the ship was not an easy one. Float ing timber, spars, rigging, threatened with each roller to swamp us; and, by the time the last man was in the boat, I felt pretty nigh exhausted. I made a pause while word was passed asking if they were all there. The captain with several others, in trying to throw a line on to the rock, had perished before we reached them. The answer came, "Yes;" but with it a doubt seized me. Stupefied as they seemed, could I truBt them ? Seizing my moment, I rushed, forward. There at the door near the cabin a man was lying prostrate, his face hidden. " Dead drunk," I thought, and my hand was on him, when he sprang to his feet. It was Larsen. " Off with you ! Leave me," he cried, savagely. " I'll not be beholden for life to yon." " Please yourself," I growled,' turning aW'S"Take that to Signe," and a canvas money bag was thrown after me ; ' tell her if I forced her to marry me, it is by my own free act I make her a widow now. « My heart gave a great leap, but the same instant I felt its bound make me a murderer. I took a step forward, and pointed my revolver so that its muzzle all but touched him 4 " I won't leave you here living," I cried. " Com? with me or I fire." 4 "Fire 1" 3 . « His lips said the word — no sound escaped them. The effort he wae making was greater than he bad strength to endure ; bis face blanched as in death ; his body fell together ; he gave a stagger, so that I caught him by the throat, dragged him atong, »d stumbled and fell one on top of the other into the boat, where be lay sensdess asa w For a few minutes I was stunned, out, Quickly recovering, we made all speed baok to' the ship, where, to the astonishment of ill I laid claim to Henrik. 41 1 know bim, I said. " I'U lok .fifrfr him > help 1110 '"a need'noTtelfyon A hie aineee-a fever. With great brain disorder, haunted and 'tortured by images of Signe and me. Long oetore the moment when, reason suddenly .returning, so that he believed he was dying, and wished to make a clean breast of it; I was in possession of how he had sinned, and they both had suffered ; the reproaches _e had heaped on him ; the love she had u d frm him ; the ever-gnawing agony of the demon jealousyi At length, it became insupportable, and after a terrible scene he had left her, vowing that until he fonnd death he would keep away. His object in | getting to Rio was to be somewhere near ine, so that 'through him word might reach me whenever Signe should .be free to marry. When it oomes to holding converse under the shadow of death, we go very straight to the point, and that day, when, worn out with much speaking, Henrik let himself fall back to take, as he believed, his last sleep, not a trace of anger was left between us ; no forgiveness had been aBked, no repentance spoken of, but this full confession was accepted as freely as it was given. 1 Well, you know, he recovered ; in my ; turn I brought him back to life — and more, I sent him back to Signe. God is my witness that from that time I believe not a thought of Jealousy existed between as. With a heart brimming over with satisfaction I saw him set sail in the ship that was to carry him to Norway and to her. And from that hoar, as if I had awakened from a hideous nightmare, I was a new being. At least, I had never been wholly a bad fellow, and much of the folly I had plunged into, instead of distract ing, disgusted me. By degrees, my lost good temper, even my cheerfulness, came back, and, by the time a year had passed, I was cherishing thoughts of again seeing my home. It was true that at Bergen there was no good old mother to return to, but my sisters and brothers still were there. In the letter Henrik had sent me after his arrival, he told me he had seen them, for he had been to Bergen to claim some money, which, by the death of his father during his absence, had come to him. With it, he meant to buy a share in a ship, of which he would be captain, and his only direct mention of Signe was, that, when he again went to sea, he wiehed her to go with him. That seemed to speak well for their reconciliation. After that, I was not long in meeting Henrik, who was ashore looking for me. 44 Signe is with me," he said ; " she wants to see you." I suppose-! seemed to hesitate, for, as if to urge me, he said : " Her health hasn't been good Bince her baby died. You won't refuse her ?" 4 44 Oh, no." I wished though, all the same, that I could think of some excuse why I should not go. I did not want to have the flavour of this bygone history raked .up again. The Signe, she whom I had loved, was dead — this one was now nothing but Henrik's wife to me. We got into a boat, and as we neared where the ship lay, Henrik broke into the midst of something I was telling him by saying, 44 You mustn't think her ill; she'll soon be better now — she only looks thin." 4 Thin ! This ghost, this shadow, with only the eyes left to remind me. Gould it be Signe ? the Signe I had, loved ; the Signe I now knew had loved me 1 4 Forgetting everything else, I flung myself down before her, and the tears poured from my eyes like water. I believe that not one of the three but knew what caused this out burst of sorrow, although each gave a different reason. 4 You guess, don't you, seeing they wished it, I joined them. Henrik was all anxiety to return home. In his opinion the sea did not agree with Signe. The weather, too, had set in warm ; and heat, he said, always tired her. Alas ! poor fellow, how pitiful were the poor devices he tried to veil the truth ! 4 Henrik and I had so arranged ouiT ship duties that it was not possible for us to be to gether with Signe, and both of us now felt this a relief. Daily she had grown weaker ; she was not able to rise from her bed now. Every motion of the ship gave her such distress that, anxious as we were to get on ; we had to lower the sails to stop the rolling. I think, at this time, his bitterest enemy must have felt compassion for Henrik. The unhappy fellow never ate nor slept. Not a moment's rest did he sive himself. Every one could see the agony he suffered ; and yet, in face of what was before him, he spoke as if there was still hope for Signe. We had on board with us one of those books about medicines which captains of vessels take to sea with them. In this he was forever searching for some fresh remedy ; and heoause X would entreat him to let her be, he would turn fiercely on me, saying I did not care whether she was well or ill. What mattered it to me? 4 One evening as I sat by Signe's side watching— for she had hardly moved or spoken that day — suddenly her hands were stretched out. I turned, and, looking on her face, I knew the moment of parting had come. Henrik ! how should I get him ? I dare not call his name, for fear I might disturtf her. 4,4 Signe 1" I wispered; 44 Signe, do you know me ?" and I bent my face down to her, and the half-closed lids gave a quiver, and then the eyes opened, but not to look at me. The light that came into them was fixed above. A radiance spread over her face, and before its brightness faded the spirit of Signe had passed away. . 4 44 Henrik !" I said, going on deck to him ; but before I could add more, at the-sight of my face he pushed past me, and was down in the cabin. At the threshold I caught hold; of him. 44 Nothing is of any good now," I sobbed. 44 In -an instant, without a struggle, before I could call you, it was all over, She did not speak. I don't know if she knew me." 'Ifanoied this might calm him; but he Hung himself forward, and, catching her in his arms, poqred out a torrent of reproach on me. Fool that I was, she had but fainted ; it was a swoon 1 Hadn't I eyes? Could I 'not see? And he began rubbing her forehead, chafing her bands, calling on every one he could think of to help him. He would have the whole crew down to try and bring back the circulation of her blood. Life had often been restored — after hours he had seen people brought in as dead breathe and move and speak again. So to humour him — for they looked on him as mad — the men came and spent hour# in their vain endeavour ; and ohe by one they stole away, and the poor stricken soul was left alone with her he i loved. ' After that night Henrik allowed mc to have my will. There was bat one order he \ gave. Signe's body was to be carried with ; us to land; and then he shut himself up in | the cabin where she had lain so long and paid no more heed to anything going on j around What would have happened to the ship had I not been on board her I cannot j think. Possibly he might have aroused himself; I do not know. As it was, unless to j take sufficient food to keep himself alive, he neither moved nor spoke. 4 Yon know, full well, I dare say, that j sailors are counted very superstitious among j men-. Their solitary lives feed the imagina- i tion, so that they tack their faith to dreams, j omens, and apparitions. Presently it became ! forecastle talk that among those on board | several bad seen the ghost of Signe. It was a j sign, they said, that her spirit was not at rest, and unless her body was given to the sea some terrible disaster would most certainly overtake us. Yainly, to calm these rumours, did I tell them that though, each night going to see that all was safe, I often stood for hoars by the coffin's side, never onfce had. she appeared to me. My words had no weight. Our carpenter lay sick ; oar boy, a favourite among the orew, fell overboard ; the murmurs which until now bad been but the rumble of a distant thunder, beoame distinct and audible, until X was told that no man had engaged with me ; I was not the captain there, and unless what they demanded was oarried out, they refused any longer to obey. Nothing remained bat to tell Henrik, and one evening I went to his cabin, and, without preamble, repeated to him what the crew had bid me say. 44 So we must bury hsr/'I added stolidly ; for since she died no word of 'friendship or of sympathy had been ex changed between us two ; 44 1 have made all ready ; on one will disturb us. Gome with me." And together we went. 4 The moon shed its light over the water ; a myriad stars lit up the sky ; reverently we lifted our burden, and then slowly lowered it down to the sea. Oh, the agony of the moment, when each waited for the other to let go ! The hesitation passed swift as a flash of lightning ; there was a splash ; a cry wrung from the inmost souls of two men, whose eyes met, as they raised their bent heads, and sobbing fell each on the other's neck."- —Ijongmaris for April. 