The Freethought Movement. BY MORGAN WILLIAMS, B.A. (Concluded from last week.) More difficult still is the subject of the antiquity of man. The relics of man's dwelling, his tools and implements, etc., show, says the objector, that much longer time is required for the existence of the race than the chronology of the Bible allows, and that.man must originally have been a savage, and have passed by degrees to a higher and civilized state. Intelligent men among us, feeling the force of the objection instead of trying to untie, have cut the knot, by having recourse to the theory of a pre-Adamite race. In my opinion, while this may relieve of some difficulties, it creates greater. But a great deal of what was once adduced in proof of the extreme antiquity of man is found on examination to have lost its force, such as, for instance, the different ages of flint, bronze, and iron implements, as these are now admitted often to have been contemporaneous in different parts of Europe, and not successive. Writers like Sir John Lubbock have tried hard to prove that man was originally a savage, but their facts are often not relevant, and not fairly presented, as Professor Flint has shown. The common and Biblical theory is that the original and normal state of man was the civilized one; that the savage is a lapsed state, and that there is no instance on record of any people having emerged from the lower to the higher, except by the intervention of a power from Without. I think that after a time when facts are better sifted, and a better knowledge of the subject is obtained, it will be found that this old theory has the greater truth in it. Miracles: Miracles improbable according to Hume: impossible, say Strauss and his school. It would seem that some men, owing to peculiar tendencies, and characteristics, and strange beliefs, are incapable of rising to the idea of a divine and supernatural intervention. Everything takes place, they say, as the result of the operations of natural laws. But, are not natural laws methods of divine operation ? God is a spirit, a distinct personality, and acts on, and through, His Works. The idea or conception of God acting on his material creation; we derive from the connection in ourselves, between voluntary action and muscular motion.' A man, for instance,-wills to do an action, and moves his hand or lifts up his arm to do it. Here, is the link between spirit and matter. Here material forces are affected by voluntary thought. But, more than this: man, by an act of wffl, may combine or modify the forces under his control, and bring out a different result from what would otherwise have followed had things been allowed to pursue their natural course. Shall we then deny the Highest Intelligence and the Supreme Will the possibility of acting on his Works, and bring out by his operations a result which we call supernatural or miraculous, if moral and spiritual considerations should require this ? Hence, I find, as far as my observation extends, that men who deny the possibility of miracles are those who are wedded to some materialistic or pantheistic theory, or those who have no adequate conception of the personality, freedom, and responsibility of man. These remarks I have made to indicate the mental difficulties that are met, rather than as affording adequate solutions of these difficulties. Next; how to meet and counteract the evil ? 1\. Public discussion is not a favourable mode of eliciting truth. Sometimes men in the heat of debate are not over scrupulous as to the kind of arguments they use, so long as they serve to confute their opponents. Any stone may be used to pelt with if it will but hurt the foe. Also public debate may serve to give fictitious eminence to a cause which otherwise would have remained in obscurity. Much mischief has been done in a good cause, when men incompetent for the task of defending it have engaged in public discussion. Few men posses the proper qualifications for this, but when they are possessed by men whom a sense of duty has called forth to meet the enemy in the gate, much essential service has been rendered to the cause of Christianity. Ten years ago I was in Melbourne. The Freethought party were then meeting in a public hall. A kind of challenge was sent to ministers of the city to meet them. Among those who accepted it was a well-known clergyman, the Rev. Robert Potter, one with competent knowlege, and skilled in debate. He announced his intention to give a lecture on " The Argument from Design" giving opportunity at the close for public discussion, reserving for himself the right to reply. The lecturer stated the argument in a clear and terse style. The discussion presented a somejehat peculiar and ludicrous exhibition. One spoke from the stand- point of atheism, another from a secularistic or a pantheistic point of view, presenting such heterogeneous opinions, which were mutually antagonistic and destructive. The lecturer was quick in taking advantage of this in his apt and conclusive reply, and the meeting closed with the manifest discomfiture for the time of his opponents, and the triumph of the cause which he advocated. 2\. There are those among our ministers who deal with these subjects wisely from the pulpit, much, no doubt, to the advantage of their hearers. At one of our jubilee meetings, a speaker found fault with the introduction into the pulpit of such subjects, on the ground that Christ alone should be preached. But surely the two are not incompatible. All lines of truth radiate from, and return to the true centre and source of all truth, the Lord Jesus Christ. 3\. Others again may deal with these subjects indirectly from the pulpit. Mrs. Stowe remarked that while in London the only preaching she listened to which took for granted the presence in the congregation of doubters, was that of Mr. Binney's. Mr. Binney was not a man to tilt against every kind of error, but he had a wonderful gift of presenting positive truth so as to exclude error, and adapt his teaching so as to meet difficulties, and forestall and preclude objections. 4\. As the fontal origin of the evil is moral and spiritual, the remedy to meet the case must also partake of the same character. We must look to a higher source for a new access of power of the spirit of God, for the renovation and quickening of our spiritual life. Let me illustrate my meaning by a reference to the religious condition of England during the first half of the 18th century,—the low ebb of church life, and the way by which a better state of things was brought about, as the result of the great religious awakening of those days. Speaking of the lifelessness that prevailed among all sections of Christians, Bishop Butler remarked, " that it had come to be taken for granted by many persons that Christianity is not so much a subject of inquiry, but that it is now at length discovered to be fictitious. And accordingly they treat it as if, in the present age, this were an agreed point among all people of discernment." This is a remarkable testimony! How distressing the state of the church; how seemingly dark and gloomy its prospects! But a brighter future was at hand. No one, by his writings, did as much as Butler to stem the tide of scepticism and infidelity and to restore and re- establish belief in the great verities of Christianity. But there were mightier forces at work than those of the " Analogy." Doddridge, one of the most devout and .accomplished of ministers, and whose sympathies were alive to all that is great and good had just published his " Free Thoughts on the most probable mode of reviving the Dissenting Interest." Having proved the evil, he lived to see in part its removal, and to hail the arrival of better days. Just at this time, two of the group of young men who had been wont to meet at Oxford for daily prayer, John Wesley and George Whitfield, both clergymen, had been out to the new colony of Georgia, and had just returned. The " Analogy " was published in 1736. Whitfield began open air preaching a few years after, and Wesley soon followed his example. The masses were now steeped in ignorance, and infidelity prevailed among the more educated classes. This movement and the mighty awakening which attended it, proved life from the dead to the churches and the people. The tide continued to flow with undiminished fulness and strength. There followed soon on this the rise of evangelicalism in the Church of England. Towards the close of the century a re-action took place, in favour of spiritual Christianity, from the rebound caused by tbe excesses of the first French Revolution. In the old tree, which in the time of Butler was in a state of decay, a new sap is now circulating, the fresh life is now rising,—it buds, blossoms, and bears fruit. The great missionary societies and kindred associations, the glory of modern Christianity, date their origin from this time. This passage in the history of the modern church, the •effect of the Revival of the 18th century, may have its lessons for us, to help to guide us to the be'st way of meeting the evils of our time. Without in the least undervaluing the use of means, I confess that my expectations as to the remedy are that it must come from a divine source, the power of the Holy Ghost. What is wanted is more earnest and believing prayer, stronger faith, more of the spirit of consecration in the Master's service, larger expectations of divine help through the Holy Spirit's influence. This is the church's best defence, its strongest bulwark against error. Alarmists may speak of the unprecedented evils of our day. The church has trials peculiar to our times, but these were paralleled and exceeded by those of last century. The prospect in Butler's days seemed much more dark and gloomy than that of our own. Besides the progress of the church has never been in a right line and at a uniform rate. Like a ship at sea, driven back at times from her course and thrown almost on her beam ends, but again regains her position, recovers herself, and bounds over the waves as a thing of life, and reaches the port safely. God steers through the tempest his own ark. Timid spirits in time of trial may take alarm, and in their want of faith may anxiously question and say, if the foundations are destroyed what shall the righteous do ? But God is in His holy temple. When the enemy comes in as a flood, the Spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard against him. —N.S. W. Independent. 