Intelligence. VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. 8*. GEORGE'8 HALL, OABIiTON. The foundation stone of St. George's Catholic Hall and Sobool, Drummond- Btreet, Carlton, was laid on Sunday last by his Grace the Archbishop, assisted by the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy and the Rev. J. H. O'Connell, the pastor Of the mission. The congregation was very large on the oocasion. The Archbishop, npon his arrival at the presbytery, was reeired by the Rev. J. H. O'Connell and the members of the bailding committee; tut from a wish to spare his Grace the tedium of a formality that was not indispensable, and could be omitted without disrespect, no written address was presented. After the usual salutations Mr. •Gunson, on behalf of the congregation, Baid that his Grace's visit was most welcome, as it afforded them a muchdesired opportunity of renewing their assurances of profound respect for his exalted offioe, and of affectionate attachment to his person. They had to thank his Grace for sending them a resident pastor, and they were the more grateful as he was a clergyman who bad won their esteem and regard, and with whom they could oo-operate most cordially. Father O'Connell, from the time he took charge of the mission, had applied himself most assiduously to to the promotion of Catholio education, and the muoh-improved condition of the looal school bore testimony to his success. The occasion to which they were indebted for his Grace's visit was another proof to that effect, and he oould confidently promise that the Catholics of Carlton would not relax their efforts to efficiently maintain their school. His Grace then thanked the gentlemen present for the warmth of their welcome, and said that their assurances on the education question afforded him much gratification. He was glad to learn that the pastor he had sent them had given so much satisfaction, and he hoped that the cordial relations now existing between that priest and themselves would continue and be productive of very much good. Priests and people cordially co-operating oould overoome great difficulties, and it afforded him (the Archbishop) special satisfaction to learn that by their united efforts they succeeded in adequately, supporting their Catholic sohool. Mass was celebrated in the church at eleven o'clock (in the presence of his Grace) by the Very Rev. father Sauze&u;, vice-provincial of the Marist Order in New Zealand. The ohoir, which consisted of members of the choir of St. Patrick's Cathedral, performed Plumpton's Mass in G. The principal vocalists were Miss Sinnott, soprano; Mrs. Cutter, contralto; Mr. W. A. Staker, tenor; and Mr. L. S. Daniel, bass. At the Offertory Mrs. Cutter sang Fac ut partem, from Rossini's Stabat Mater. Madame TasCa presided at the organ, and Mr. A. Plumpton acted as conductor. After the Communion the sermon was preaohed by the Rev. Father Shaffrey, O.C.C., of Sandridge. Father Shaffrey preaohed from the following text:—" For Wisdom is the brightness of eternal life, and the unspotted mirror of God's majesty, and the image of His goodness. And, being but one, she can do all things; and, remaining in herself the safae, she reneweth all things, and, through nations. «onveyeth herself into holy souls. She maketh the friends of God and prophets. For God loveth none but him that dwelletfc with wisdom." Wisdom, chap. VII., verses 26th to 29th. MAY IT PXSASB YOUS GBAOB,— The inspired penman, in the first six chapters of this book, beautifully expresses the sentiments of King Solomon, whom . God had imade wise above the sons of. men, and winds up with this beautiful description of wisdom: "The brightness of the eternal light, and the unspotted mirror of God's majeBty, and the image of His goodness;" audio excite out admiration of so ennobling a quality, and our best endeavours and strongest energies to atquire it, he tells UB " She is more beautiful than the sun and above all the order of the stars—being compared with the light she is found before it" Her duty is to renew all things, and through nations convey herself into holy souls, and to make the friends of God and prophets; and if we obtain this wisdom our reward .will be " exceeding great," the love of God Him- «K. . " For God loveth none but him that dweUeth wife wisdom." It is incumbent npon UB at all times to reoeive with humility and reverence the teachings of the Bible and ! frequently meditate upon the truths therein contained; but it is peculiarly fitting on 1 this day—a memorable one for the zealous pastor and his good parishioners of Carlton— on whioh the foundation Stone has been laid by our Venerable Archbishop of a building within whose walls the'Gospel precepts and Christian discipline and Christian 'morals will' be ever taught,^together with that secular knowledge JwhiahJ is to prepare your children for the various avCoatfonfl of life. Now, this wisdom spoken of in mv text is acquired—nay, is, in foot, itself the reception and the living up to of a good Catholio religious training. And first let us look to the advantage* of such an ednoation. Of all the misfortunes that Almighty God oan let fall npon a nation or an individual the greatest is the curse of utter ignoranoe or want of ednoation. Not onlydoes it unfit him for conversing with God, and for the fellowship of God's elect, and for all noble and Godlike pursuits, bnt it moreover debars him from intercommunion with his fellow - beings; and henoe we find that God—though he lavished suoh Bpecial care on the creation of man, vivifying by His own divine lifegiving breath that shapeleBB piece of clay, and moulding it to his own divine imagewhen punishing man for his ingratitude allowed ignoranoe as a special curse to fall upon him and his intellect to beoome darkened. And so the Scripture says that " man when he was in honour knew it not; he had no knowledge; he was compared to senseles beasts, and found like to them;" for man's superiority over the brute oreation consists in the intelligence that knows, in the heart that loves for intellectual motives, and in the will whioh, always preserving its freedom, follows after and takes to itself the objeot presented by the intellect. Now, it is not the mere power of knowing, or of loving, or of willing, whioh shows up the superiority and nobility of man's nature, but it is aotnal present knowledge. For, if man love through motives of sensuality and appeals to the senses, it is no longer a love which proclaims man the masterpiece of God's creation; and if the will embrace an objeot whioh the uncultivated intelleot places before it, if it keep not itself free from the dominion of brnte passions, if it answer not heroically to every high and noble and supernatural dictate of enlightened intelligence, how are we distinguishable from the brate oreationP What follows from this? It follows that, if we leave a man in utter ignorance and deny him all eduoation (the natural food of the three great powers of the soul), we thereby, so far as we can, annihilate the noblest portion of the soul. Free-will, the most God-like gift that man has received, becomes all but the slave of a darkened intelleot, and that soul onoe lighted np with the bright image of God is clouded by the veil of ignoranoe, and that whioh was destined to be the dwellingplace and temple of the Holy Ghost himself beoomes the reoeptaole of every fierce and brutish passion. Oh 1 what havoc to the soul does not ntter ignoranoe bring with it I And thus, in the utterly uninstruoted man, there iB no longing after a life of bliss beyond the grave, no loftiness of thought, no affeotion for his fellow-beings founded on the supernatural motives of oharity, no purity, no high or holy purpose. But Catholic education direots all the higher powers of man's soul to God; teaohes him his high origin and his future home with God; teaohes bim his duty to his God, to his neighbour, and to himself; develops and perfeots all those latent qualities of the soul, and gives him a commanding and honourable position with his fellow beings. And, just as the nature of the diamond is not ohanged essentially by being placed in beautiful gold settings, but its ever varying colours and transparent brillianoy are most strikingly brought out, and it reoeives additional beauty from its surroundings, so eduoation is that surrounding and frame-work of the soul whioh manifests exteriorly its hidden and intrinsic beauty and shadows forth in our lives the bright image of the living God. It seems, then, that religion and ednoation go, or, at least, ought to go, hand in hand. Let us see then, in the second place, is this really so and what the Catholio religion has done in the way of educating and enlightening the world. It has done an immense deal. And why shonld it not be so ? It is portion of her divine commission, whioh she has ever been most faithful in discharging. In doing BO she is merely obeying the command of her Divine Founder. When the Apostles had been endowed with power from ou High, when the seven-fold plenitude of the Divine Spirit had desoendea upon them and burned up in them everything that was sinful and earthly, when their faith had been strengtened and they confirmed in grace, their Divine Teacher sends them into the whole world to teach and preaoh and baptize and work the most stupendous miracles in His.aame. " Go into the whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature. He that believes shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall, be condemned." And, as if to enoourage those few men in carrying out such a superhuman work, Headded, «Lo lam withjyou all days, even to the consummation of the world"—as though He would say, "Go forth faithful band; combat with error; attack the false philosophies and deluding sophisms, so world-wide; oonfound the teachings of learned Greece and Rome; tear down the altars of the Pagan gods ; destroy false idols; confront impious and unbelieving kings and princes j butteaoh my people, open their intellects .to the bright light of the Eternal Son of Righteousness, a,nd if it be necessary pour forth even your life blood in defence of your teaching." Thus was it that for centuries the Catholic Churoh had to bear the severe and all but paralysing shock of the most dreadful persecutions. But God, who ever watches over his faithful people, raised up in the fourth century the glorious and renowned Oonstantine, and, during the reign of this prince, the Church comes forth gloriously from the catacombs, fresh with the bloom , of perennial sanctity uponher forehead; holds afoftagain the torch of mth to the nations "seated in the shadow of death;" and continues her office of teaching and apostolising. Convents.? seminaries for learning, and churches spring up £s if by magic, and " the spirit goes forth torenerf the face of the earth. 1 ' The: inhabitant* of Ireland at this time' were a highly cultured and oivilised people. They had their latfs and courts of justices, their poets and their bawls; they needed but one thing to make them the moat glorious people on the face of the earth. That want was supplied when their glorious apostle rose up frotn the feet of Pope Celestine and journeyed with the Pontiff's blessing to that cradle of saints and dootors. He preaohed the sublime morality of the Goepel. to them.; he explained the mysteries of our holy religion in one word ; he taught the quick intellects of Ireland assembled on the summit of Tara. They understood his arguments, for they were a oultured people; their intellects were illumined, their wills were inflamed; and with the impetuosity of the eagle when it swoops down upon its prey they Beized npon Christianity, made it put and parcel of their very sevles, put it into the life blood of their children, and let the history of oenturieB of persecution tell us how, though oppressed, those grand people have elung to the teachings of their sainted apoBtle. Convents and schools and churches everywhere spring up. Her missionaries go forth to teach and evangelise. Students flock to her monasteries from every part of the world. The German, the Pict, the Cimbri, the Frank, the Italian, the Saxon, all are mixing together, conversing together in the universal language of the Churoh—" Rome'sold Latin." On every hill-side stands the sohool; every city is an immense sohool; students have come and oovered the land; they have come in their thousands and tens of thousands to learn from the world-renowned Irish monks all the learning of Greece and Rome, and to study in the lives of their teachers the highest degree and noblest interpretation of Christian perfeotion. Peaee was in the land, for wise rulers governed it, and they who had come to this mart of learning go back again and tell the nations of Ireland's greatness and of Ireland's sanctity, of the wisdom of its rulers, of the purity of its maidens, and of the saintliness of its priesthood, until at length as a tidal wave, beginning at one portion of the coast, goes on gradually increasing in its volume tiU it reaches its maximum, and bursts with a loud crash upon the shore, so there oomes forth from these nations, floating upon the breezes of time, the voioe of a grateful and admiring world, and gives my native land the unique title in history—the " Island of Saints and of Dootors." Behold what the Catholio religion has doue in Ireland for eduoation. Bat, as a oalm usually preoedes a storm, the peaoeful reign of Oonstantine was but the prelude of a great convulsion whioh was to shake to its very centre and ohange the face of Southern Europe. That mighty fabric of empire whioh had existed for so many centuries on the seven-hilled oity of Rome, owing to its weak monarohs, and, as Hallam adds, the decline of literature, was now broken up for ever. The hardy savage hordes of Europe and Asia swept down as a mountain torrent from their northern mountain fastnesses and threatened Europe With imminent destruction. Romeis pillaged. They settle in Spain and Gaul. Nay, Rome was in flames when Ireland was developing its schools and enlightening the world. These barbarous races destroyed all literature, records, and manuscripts, save what the monks seoured. No nation oan withstand them. There was but one power whioh ever opposed itself to them as an insuperable barrier, and that power was the Catholic Church-, whioh at first eivilised them and finally absorbed them into itself. Then the monks set about copying these manusoripts and writing new ones, teaching the arts and seienoes—in fact, they were the ohannels for the diffusion of the knowledge of letters at the time. Thus do we find the Churoh at all times carrying out this injunction of its Divine Founder, " Teach all nations, and preaoh the Gospel to every creature"—doing, in fact, what your presence to-day is proof of, viz., guarding always the eduoation of its people by its lofty gospel maxims and practices. Yes, and if we come lower down the stream of time we shall find her, even in these ages, whioh have received the unmeaning and untruthful name of "dark," instructing and enlightening. It is to the Middle Ages that we most look for the establishment of most of the great universities of Europe. The Popes took a very active part in their foundation, ana munificently endowed these institutions. Suoh were Bologna, Pisa, Rome, Vienna, Paris, Salamanca, Oxford, and Cambridge. To these and other great centreB of learning flocked the youth from all parts, and the sohools were thronged with noble and peasant, who * oame to -imbibe from . those founts of learning the loftiest teachings of genius and Catholicity. Then, too, as a supplement to these, did the Monastery open wide its arms, takfc into itself those unable to pay their way i? the TJniveipity, and so placed learning within the grasp Of all. Those two last universities, so justly called th6 lights and the eyes of England; ere the fiendish promptings of an English' Sovereign ohanged them from their lofty atid high purpose, sent forth many an 'intellectual luminary, and many a glorious saint for Heaven. Will I then be asked what has religion done for education? Let these indisputable facts • answer < for • themselves And, in the third place,-1 invite yon to 'consider, by way of contrast, the'evils which follow the divorcement of religion from ednoation. _ The Reformation, asyon are aware, owed its origin to the rfebridled licentiousness of that incarnation and personification of every base jasaion of our nature, viz., Henry VHL Itetartednewideasofso-oalledreligiouB liberty and religious intolerance, and as the : tree ia known by its fruits, it wee the fruitful, found after some time a co n L2l O! land of France, home of figg* peace, foremost in the ranks ofcS? Church ere false teachers started n D , ftr \ a °, W ab0ut 40 Ml upo P a' J* Infidel sohools are opened; God ^ L S hi them; the mostpoisonous is instilled into the innooent minKf S! ; their masters are a Voltaire, O himself by oath to dest™ n ^lenity; « . * L'Ambert, whS d g did not so much deny as hate God." Diving constituted authority is oontemned and, way is prepared for that» Reign of Terror " for that sea of bloodshed that shall f oc stain the fair plains of France/and whM has brought upon that now almost mdlZ people the ourse of high Heaven. Hundreds of priests, and very many bishops, and thousands of the inhabitants, were oruellv butchered by the infuriated rabble. Royalu was abolished; the King, Louis XVI brought to trial and beheaded; his wife and son shortly afterwards met with the same fate; ohurohes were desecrated and given to the flames; temples of reason were established; the existence of God was publicly denied; the worship of the Goddess of Reason established. But justioe was following in the heels of these fiendish leaders, and God, as if to show the world His indignation, punished them with fearful deaths. Marat was stabbed to the heart by Charlotte Corday. Danton was beheaded, and finally, Robespierre, the centre figure in the* whole movement, when at the very height of his power, was conspired against by his own very friends, and when arrested shot himself in the jaw, attempting to take his own life. Taken thenoe to the Hall of the Convention, where the very clerks stabbed him with their penknives as he lay stretohed upon the table, he was condemned, and finally guillotined amidst the vooiferous exeorations of the multitude who a short time previously had honoured him as a demigod. These are some of the evils which undoubtedly in a large measure followed from infidel teaohing and irreligious teaohers. And I ask you, men of reason and common sense, to consider the matter with me in a dispassionate and unbiased light. Are not denial of lawfully constituted authority, loose manners and gross lioentiousness the neoessary results of an early training in which God is ignored, in whioh the high destiny of the child is concealed from it, in whioh no hopes of rewards or pnnishments beyond the grave are held out to it as incitements to virtue and deterrents from evil? On what prinoiple oan suoh a child be honest, be moral, obedient, loving of its parents, if in its early years, when the soul is fit to reoeive all those noble and supernatural qualities, it hears nothing of God but casually perhaps on one day of the week, whilst the other six are devoted to secular knowledge, out and dried for him by the State, with Christ |and His religion eliminated with the inost sorupulons care ? This brings us to consider, in the last place, what is onr position in this oolony and what is our duty. The ceremony of to-day brings to our minds the answer. We are a large percentage of the population of this oolony of Victoria. We pay a fourth of the taxes and contribute to the support of those State sohools on whioh, be it said with shame, so much money has been almoBt recklessly lavished. Very many of them are beautiful buildings and resemble small universities rather than plaoes in whioh numbers of infants are learning their ABC. No religion iB taught in them, but, if the paper reports be true whioh now and then appear, an immense amount of immorality is practised whioh entitle them to a high proficiency for j u venile depravity. Now, bow are we treated by the State in this matter P It says—" Yen are Catholios, and therefore have religious convictions necessarily incompatible with my scheme. Nevertheless, you must pay me a very large amount to keep those godless sohools flourishing, and to enable me to build new ones. If you wish, you may send your children to me and I will teaoh them reading and writing and arithmetic, but I am determined not to instil into their tender minds here the blessings of Christianity and the gospel morality." What is your answer to that ? " Though you have taken State M from us and our money for a commodity whioh we are not free to buy, sooner than jeopardise the temporal prospects of my children and their eternal salvation, I will not allow you to educate them, but we Catholios will build our own sohools, and procure our own teachers, and give our children that wholesome food of Catholicity which will strengthen them unto life everlasting." inglorious answer that is, and one worthy of the holy traditions and that national life which we may never blush to own. Suoh would be the answer your ancestors would have given, nay, did give, when ingenious, thougn unsuccessful, plans were resorted to to extort from them the religion of Christ. Ever bear in mind that God haB given you those children to rear up for heaven; and, as we highly polished mirror destined to receive and faithfully reflect the image of Me heavenly body that infringes on to surface a exposed to the damp is soon blurred ana reflects, but imperfect, ^false, and dutortea images, so also, the souls of your cWd«n •upon which, if stamped the image „ o£ ,;® Eternal Son of Justice will. ,not their actions, nor in their after lives, w image andholiness of their Creator muew the lore of God and Faith aire IMBU* into them whilst young. Let no human respect,-no sordid miserliness, ever mateyou swerve from this imperative duty, f 0 ™ 6 ®^ the trials our forefathers passed thro"8»' remember the -parseoutionS they endurw seven centuries from unjust oppressors , ^ .bore all, remember that, though persecuted, *w ever—in the sunshine of gladness as well „ in the evil hour of darkness, in good report „d in evil report, with a tenacity whioh hag .Tflited the admiration of the historian— Shered to their faith, and have handed Ton this pearl of inestimable value. TTMD it as they did, bless with it this land nf vonr adoption, and let your generous nffennM to-day be a public protest against the injustice from whioh you are suffering. At the close of the sermon a oolleotion ^ag made, whioh realised about £200. Mass having been oonoladed, the congregation left the ohuroh and assembled in the ohuroh reserve, when his Grace ]sid the foundation-stone. The Archbishop, in doing so, expressed his pleasure at the work undertaken, and said it was indispensable that the education of Catholic ohildren should be under the direot supervision of their pastor, who waB charged with the oare of their souls. He (his Grace) would say nothing further to them, after the able and eloquent aefmon which they had heard, and which he hoped would be deeply impressed on their memories. The foundations of the new building are already laid, and a small portion of the superstructure raised. The hall will measure 118ffc. by 36ft., and the walls will be 16ft. in height. The foundations are of bluestone, and the superstructure will be of brick. The roof will be covered with slates. The architects are Messrs. Tappin, Gilbert, and Dennehy, and the contractor Mr. Michael Hora. The total cost will be £1500, and the contraot will be completed about the middle of January next. On the completion of the building the church will oease to be used for any but ohurch purposes, and the schools will be conducted in St. George's Hall, where also meetings will be held. "We observed, among the gentlemen taking an active interest in the proceedings of the day, Mr. S. Allen, Mr. Mason, M.L.A., Mr. P. Fagan, Cr. W. levers, Mr. M. Sheahan, Mr. P. J. B. Glinoh, Mr. P. Eaton, Mr. C. Grondona, Alderman O'Grady, Mr. W. Tappin, and Mr. R. levers. The following is a translation of the Latin scroll whioh was deposited in a oavity of the stone:— A.M.D.G. His Grace the Most Rev. James Alipius Croold, Arohbishop of Melbourne and Metropolitan of the Province of Viotoria, etc. , laid the principal stone of this building, dedioated to St. George, on the 14th October, in the ear of graee 1883, in the sixth year of the ? ontifioate of our moBt illustrious Pope Leo XIII., and in the forty-fifth year of our most graoious Queen Victoria. Furthermore, there were assisting—the Rev. James O'Connell, pastor of Carlton j the Very Rev. Thomas Donaghy, Dean, Master of Ceremonies; and the Rev. P. Shafifrey, O.C.C., who preached the sermon before a large concourse CONFIRMATION of the Faithfal. AT RICHMOND. It was announced on Sunday that his Grace the Arohbishop will administer the Sacrament of Confirmation in St. Ignatius' Church on Saturday, 24th November. ST. JOSEPH'S, COLLINOWOOD. First Holy Commuoion was ad' ministered at St. Joseph's, Collingwood, on Sunday last, to 105 children, by the Rev. J. F. Fitzgerald, who celebrated the Mass at ten o'clock. A procession of ohildren took place on the occasion. THE MONTH OF MART. The devotions for the Month of Mary were continued in the principal churches daring the past week. They were conducted at the Cathedral by the Rev. J. Heffernan, and at St. Francis' by the Rev. Dr. Graber. PRESENTATION CONVENT, ST. KILDA._ The foundation stone of the new building in connection with the Presentation Convent, St. KUda, will be laid tomorrow at 11 o'olock. The sermon on the occasion will be preaohed upon the site by the Very Rev. Father.Cahill, S.J SODALITY OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN. The ordinary weekly service for the Sodality for the Blessed Virgin was held on the evening of yesterday week in the ohapel of St. Patrick's College. The sermon, whioh was preaohed by the director, the Very Rev. Father Nutty, S.J., was upon the Second Joyful Mystery—the Visitation—and was one of a series npon the Blessed Virgin Mary. After Benediction a meeting of the Sodality was held, when a committee was appointed to prepare an address to the Holy Father, Leo XIII. SUV. P. J. AYLWAKD. Letters have been received within the last few weeks from the Rev. P. J. Aylward, of the Cathedral and St. Joseph's, G-illingwood. Father Aylward was then sojourning in his native city of Kilkenny, and was in excellent health. GEELONG. (From our own Correspondent.) A special meeting of St. Mary's Society of Children of Mary was held on Sunday last, when the members presented the collecting cards with which they were entrusted by the nana from Canada, who are at present raising funds for their nstitute. The sums collected by the children during the past week amounted to £28. The members of the Toung Men's Society also colleoted £3 3s. at their meeting on Friday evening last, for the same object. The amount raised by the Convent Children of Mary has not yet been ascertained. 