The Lover up a Tree. Well, hero’s a situation, For a young man up a trco: With a bull-dog standing under, Looking lovingly at mo 1 Treed 1 by all the arts o£ Oupid ; Like a 'possum, or a 'coon I What an aspeot for a lover,! By the dim light of the moon! Came to serenade my Julia ; Lightly climbed the garden-wall: Tuned my guitar ’neath her window, Yonder where tlio shadows fall: - Got ns far as " Sleop, my darling,’” When a deep base bow I wow I wow 1 Out of tune and time saluted mc-» I hear its coho now. And a snapping closo behind me, Warned me a foe was near; So I beat a quick retreat from there, And found a lodgment here 1 As I climbed this smooth alanthus, I felt a something tear; Let’s eoo : yos, here's a rent behind :! I know how it came there ! Plague take the canine creature I Wagging his stiff bob-tail, As though ho thought his narrative Would finally prevail 1 But such dogmatio arguments Have no effect on mo, And such waggish illustrations With' my temper don’t agree. Yonder where the snowy curtain] In the mellow moonlight shines,] ' Unconscious of nay sad mishap, My Julia dear reclines. I would not now for all the world, That she should sco me here, Dangling in this old alanthus, ^ ith a white flag in my rear I Oh 1 for a bit of stryohnine, Or a poison of some sort 1 I’d stop the wagging of that tail, And all this canino sport; ’Tis midnight, and I hope if now A ghost is on the jog, He’ll come this way and frighten off This most pugnaoious dog. If fairies in the moonlight dance, I trust some light oarouser Will como and ‘ play dog ’ for a while With this infernal “Bowser 1 ” Tlio merry stars seem laughing In their places up afar, But I am looking downward On a dangerous dog star; When Aotroon looked on Dian, With her naked nymphs wound, The angry huntress changed the bold Intrudor to a hound. Oh 1 for the power to ehango this dog Into a strapping fellow I I’d mount him in a minute, Aud turn his bnrk to bellow. Hark I wliat is .that?—an old tom cat Around the porch is orawling: Poor Tom 1 I’ve a follow foline For your sad caterwauling 1 Now Bowser hears him I see, ho turns 1 Seek 1 catch him 1 bite him, Bowser j Confound the twigl its fastened in The rout within my troweor 1 He’s gone I nnd dog and oat are scon In mad and desperate chase; ’Tis a very propor timo, I think, For mo to leave this place.] 0 Julia I sleep 1 sleep souud, my love! 0 do not wake just yet, To viow the rent in my trowscrloons, Mado by your canine pet I And if you never wake until My soft guitar'you hear, You'll slumber till old Gabriol’B horn Shall broak your sloop, my dear 1 Cnitiunoou shows the man, as morning shows tho day.— Milton. 