Intercolonial J^¥elligence. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Adelaide. — The enthronement of the Bishop of \ Adelaide took place on Wednesday morning, 7th March, in St. Peter's Cathedral, before a congregation that crowded the building in every part. The order of the ceremony was as similar as under the circumstances it could be to that observed when Bishop Wilberforce was installed at Winchester. The procession, consisting of the clergy, the wardens of the cathedral, and thirty-seven lay members of the synod, was formed at St. Barnabas' College and marched thence to the cathedral. After the Bishop had been conducted to the episcopal chair in the chancel, the Dean said the following collect: — ' O Thou Good Shepherd of the sheep, who has gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, assist with Thy heavenly grace all bishops and pastors, that they may lead Thy people into good pastures, and bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. And for this Thy servant, who has been in vested with the office of a bishop, we pray that it may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith and fervour of love and purity of life that he may use his office well. So we that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever; Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth one God. World without end. Amen.' After the singing of the proper psalms — exxii., exxxii., exxxiii., the Bishop delivered to the Dean his letters commendatory from the five electing bishops (the Archbishop of Can terbury, and Bishops of Durham, Winchester, Truro, and Bedford) to be read before the congregation. The Bishop advancing to the centre of the chancel then made the following declaration : — ' I, George Wyndham, Bishop of Adelaide, do hereby promise to respect, main tain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Church and diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, not lording it over God's heritage, but endeavouring to show myself in all things an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen.' The Dean, accompanied by Archdeacons Marryat and Dove and the Precentor, then took the bishop by the right hand and conducted him to the throne within the altar rails, and said — ' In the name of God, Amen. By virtue of my office as dean of this Cathedral Church, and in behalf of the dean and chapter and of the Synod of Adelaide, I, Alexander Russell, Bachelor of Divinity, do induct thee, George Wyndham Kennion, Doctor of Divinity, into the occupation of the See and Diocese of Adelaide, and therewith do instal thee in the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop of this See, in accordance with the fundamental provisions and regulations of this diocese.' The Bishop's sermon was from the text John xvii., 23 — ' I in them and Thou in Me that they may be made perfect in one, and that the world may know that Thou hast sent Me, and hast loved them as Thou hast loved Me.' Speaking of his predecessor he said— ' Under the guiding providence of God, and in the faith of Christ, the organisation of this vast diocese has been extended over an area larger than that of France by one man's fostering care. ... To have been able to begin and half complete such a building as this in which to-day we worship, is sufficiently indicative of the vigour with which my great and revered predecessor made his episcopate a reality. I have spoken of facts that are apparent. This is no place or time for eulogy. SI monument um qweris, cireumsjnee.' Of him self he said — ' For one point in which I seem to be placed over you — that is, in the power of coercion and government — ?there are many in which I am associated with you in the discharge of the duties of the same divine ministry. And even in the power of coercion which I seem to exercise it is not so much in my own person that I so act as in the spirit of the whole clergy, or rather of the Church Catholic, the execution of whose decrees is vested in me. I believe the monar chical idea of the episcopate to be as foreign to the true mind of the Church as it is adverse to the gospel doctrine of humility. Let it never be thought that I alone am interested in the good government of the Church, and that you are merely subjects to obey. Whatever interest you have in the work I have also. You must recognise therefore a joint interest in the office of the Bishop, looking upon him not as a tyrant to compel you to do what you would not, but as your own agent and instrument to carry into effect what you know to be right and wish to do, but which you could not accomplish of yourselves. Yes ; work together ; work hand in hand.' After the services, addresses were presented to the Bishop in St. Barnabas' College by the synod of the diocese of Adelaide, by the members of the Sunday-school Union, and by the committee of the Total Absti nence League, to all of which his Lordship made suitable answers. In his reply to the Temperance Committee he said — 'Though I do not come among you as a total abstainer — and I am sorry that the report got abroad that I was one, for 1 do not like to contradict it — still I can say that I have long been a member of the Church of England Temperance' Society. I have found this an admirable rule that I could wish we could persuade many others to follow — that is, never to touch any intoxicating beverage except at meal times — as a uure preventative against all excess. I do not think we can do better . than urge those who do not see their way clear to become total abstainers to at once adopt some such rule as this. You know, I suppose, that the new Archbishop of Canterbury has just been appointed President of the Church of England Temperance Society, and that he is a very ardent worker in the cause. I do not know whether you are also acquainted with the fact that the new Bishop of Tasmania has for a long time been a total abstainer, and I think you will find a large number of bishops in England, as well as the clergy, are, if not total abstainers, at least next door to it.' The Adelaide Observe?' says of the Bishop : — ' The Church seems to have been fortunate in securing such a head. Bishop Kennion does not at all belie the reports which have preceded him. His style of pulpit oratory is such as delights the cultivated ear ; his choice of English is refined, and he is very fluent, and entirely free from mannerisms. His voice is pleasant and clear-sounding, reaching to all parts of the cathedral. As an extempore public speaker he also showed to equal advantage, and his presence is most attrac tive.' 