ACROSS THE INDIAN OCEAN, By GARNET WALCH. MAURITIUS.-CUREPIPE AND NEIGH BOURHOOD. While staying at the Hotel Masse, Cure- pipe, and before we make our regular daily descents to Port Louis, Globetrotter and I take several walks and drives in the neigh- bourhood, and are able thus to get an insight into the rural life of the people. Curepipe, as I have before stated, is nearly 2,000ft above the sea level, and as the Hotel Masse is one of the highest points m Curepipe, we have from it a magnificent view in all direc- tions. Around us stretch lightly wooded lands, clothed with the laurel like bois d'oiseau, corrupted by the natives into " Zo Zo," the feathery " filao," and the "Vacoua,' or screw palm The roads that stretch away in various directions are bordered by high hedges of bamboo, some neatly trimmed are kept within bounds, others spreading in tropical luxury- ance to a great height and width. There are also occasional hedges of wild roses in full bloom at this season of the year, reminding one of similar hedges in dear old Tasmania. From the hill sides near us nearly all the timber has been cut, and the growth con- sists mainly of a rank coarse grass inter- mingled with ferns, and with here and there a wild banana or pineapple shooting up in its midst. Beyond the uncultivated lands, where the deer love to wander and there are plenty of deer in Mauritius -may be seen the regular plantations of sugar-cane, and beyond these again come the mountains. To our right we have the chain of which the Pouce forms a prominent peak, with Peter Both a little further off and to the left Les Trois Mamelles (the Three Breasts) tower in rugged grandeur. To stand on the hotel verandah in the early morning or at evening and to watch the sun effects on these beautiful mountains is alone worth a visit to Curepipe, but in addition to the fine scenery we have the fresh hill air -many degrees cooler than that of fever- haunted Port Louis-and we cannot but bless the chance that forced us to take up our quarters here. The hotel itself is a spacious build- ing, the original substructure of which was intended for a brewry, but several large and lofty rooms have been added, and a broad verandah, enclosed at the sides, runs round three-fourths of the house. Everything here is after the thorough French fashion. The floors are waxed, the meals are served, the rooms are furnished, all in French style. As regards meals we are sup- posed to be contented with two daily, viz., déjeuner and diner. The former we gene- ally take in town, the latter we enjoy after our day's work is ended. As re- gards the bedroom furniture, it is simple enough - a couple of chairs, a small rough wooden table, a looking glass against the wall, a slip of carpet 3ft by 2ft, and a bed with mosquito curtains, whose meshes are nearly half an inch wide, complete the list. Stay, I have overlooked the washstand, and no wonder, it is so small, the basin, ewer, A.c., being suited for a doll's house, while the towels-Oh ! picture it, Melbourne tubbers are precisely 15in by 12in. During our first night here we are fairly panic-striken by seeing what we fancy are the moquitoes of the country, insects with a 3in stretch of legs, and a body fully an inch long , but we afterwards discover these - they swarm in our rooms - to be a sort of ichneu- mon fly. We make acquaintance with the veritable mosquito a little later on. He is not so large, but he is quite as assertive, and his song is that of the Giant Gorgibuster, to whom the blood of an englishman was so tempting. A chart of my anatomy after my first night with Mauritius mosquitoes would, I feel assured, be readily mistaken for a map of the mountains of the moon. To resume my description of the Hotel Masse. The doors leading to the various rooms-by the way, there are absolutely no windows save those of the verandah- open from without, and are protected by strong extra shutters fastened by solid iron bars- a precaution against the hurricanes that often prove so disastrous on the island. The broad verandah outside is floored with asphalte, with a peculiarly smooth surface, on which our feet slip most treacherously, and numerous little marble tables and several inviting loung- ing chairs are set out ready for customers Alongside of the hotel are a croquet ground and a flower garden. In the latter we notice some splendid varieties of coleus, very large rich coloured balsams, a wealth of bright scarlet salvias, and other fine blossoms, as well as a number of choice ferns, vacouas plantains, and other foliage plants generally. A few vegetables are in a plot by themselves, and appear to be thriving despite the atten- tions of the guinea fowl who roam at large hard by. Our nearest neighbour a gentle- man of property, who has sold out no less than three sugar estates, and now lives at ease with his children, has a charming little cottage within a stone's throw of the hotel, and the presence of the ladies of his family is attested by the strains of the piano. Later on we make the acquaint- ance of the proprietor of this establishment, who is also the owner of the hotel property, and find him to be a man of large experience and liberal views. He is a Frenchman but speaks admirable English, and is a great admirer of British institutions. He invites us to dinner, and treats us to several dishes peculiar to Mauritius, amongst which a mayonnaise of camarons deserves especial mention. The "camaron" is a freshwater crayfish, from 4in to 6in in length, more delicate in flavour than a prawn, and a great favourite with Mauritius gourmets. Sir George Bowen, a lover of good-living, was deeply enamoured of this delicious crustacean, and the story goes that once upon a time when camping out near the banks of a Mauritian stream for the purpose of enjoying camarons at their best, he nearly fell a victim to a sur- feit of them, thus emulating the historical example of the British monarch (was it Henry II ?) who gave up his mind and his ghost to lampreys. I must try to get some camaron fishing before I leave the island. The mode of capture is simple-a landing net, a quick eye and hand are all jou require, and this, to one who, like myself, has "sniggled' for crayfish at Sorrento and Louttit Bay-certainly without other result than the loss of a pair of spectacles-should be easy work It is the off season for Curepipe, and we two have the hotel to ourselves, a circumstance that I, with my need of quiet for despatch writing, find most congenial. The morning after our arrival we ask for the bath, and we are directed to a large circular iron pan with a concave bottom, formerly used for sugar boiling, and where recent rain water has ac- cumulated. Plunging into this, we find the utmost difficulty in keeping our feet on its curved floor, more especially as it is covered with slime. We are only too glad to beat a hasty retreat. It is the first time in my life I have had a bath in a sugar basin. A little later on in the day we see a man washing a horse in the same water, and we decide to abandon our bath in favour of the nobler animal. After break- fast we stroll down to the Curepipe market, which consists of a large wooden shed, with three or four rows of rough tables, on which the wares of the stallkeepers are set forth. Two or three Indian women and half a dozen men are the only occupants of the place when we enter. There is one butcher, whose stock at this time of day consists of about 20lb of scraggy, doubtful meat, one fishmonger with a few fish-the red mullet or bécasse de la mer (woodcock of the sea), and a sort of large bream with bluish yellow scales -over which he occasionally pours a cooling libation from a bottle-and the rest of the stalls in use are taken up by greengroceries. Not a bewildering choice. some long narrow cabbages, tiny carrots, Liliputian peas, infinitesimal potatoes, little bundles of soup- herbs, egg plants, lettuces, eschalots, and slices of pumpkin. The stallkeepers-the women especially-chatter like magpies at our approach, each one extolling her own wares Leaving the market, we saunter through the village, past the civil status office, where ap- proaching marriages are published, and where we see' two couples waiting prior to proceed ing to church ; and into a corner store kept by "Mr. Ah Foo, Consolidated Retailer, No 4,187" Entering, we find Mr Ah Foo at the receipt of custom, and appa- rently driving a roaring trade. His shop is filled with customers, chiefly Indians and negroes. We watch their purchases with curiosity. One buys a penny worth of dried fish, another a halfpenny cigar, a third a glass of arrack (four cents), and a fourth a screw of sugar, for which he pays one solitary cent. But few of the orders rise above one or two pence. The stock in trade, in addition to the articles already named, consists of small groceries generally, rolls of bread, salt beef in tierces, kerosene oil, cheese, butter and lard in tins, bottles of Tennent's beer, of vermouth, of whisky, gin, rum, and brandy. Of the last named we notice particularly two brands, decidedly prepared expressly for this market. There is the Cyclone brandy, whose hurricane strength we can easily imagine, and Vieux Cognac bottled by some mythical Thomas Happy. Heaven protect the drinkers of these fiery liquors! The arrack-we smell it but do not venture on tasting - is raw, strong spirit, but the Indians toss it off neat without wink , and the rum, by all accounts is little less truculent. But despite the malignity of the liquids, and the fact that there is a licensed store every few hundred yards along the country roads we do not see any one the worse for drink. The very ease of obtaining has probably something to do with this. On returning to the hotel we order the calêche, and start for the Curepipe Botanical gardens. A drive of a couple of miles along an excellent road on either side of which the charmingly situated and flower- embosomed residences of the Curepipe aris- tocracy peep out between the luxuriant hedges, and we enter the gurdens. They cover area of 27 arpents or acrcs, 19 of which are under cultivation. The gardens were commenced 12 years ago, and are mainly useful as nurseries from whence trees are transplanted to the Mauritian state forests, under the control of the Board of Reforesta- tion. The woodman of old by no means spared the tree in Mauritius. As a result, large tracts of country have been entirely denuded of timber, and the present authorities, awake at last to the importance of the question, are re purchasing and re planting land in several districts. In many instances the Govern- ment has to pay for these lands four or five times what they were originally sold for. And to make matters worse, the areas thus recovered should never have left the posses- sion of the Government. I have it on the best authority that the sale of land by former representatives of the British Govern- ment here was contrary to the laws of the country, the laws which we undertook in so many words, at the time of the cession of the island, to preserve together with the re- ligion and customs of the people. There was not even the formality of a special ordonnance to give the colour of legality to the sale of the Crown lands. And now for these lands never legally sold, the Government has to pay this fivefold price. But to return to the Curepipe Botanical gardens. We drive along well-made paths be- tween trim lawns and symmetrically arranged beds full of brillant flowers and past lily decked lakes and picturesque rockeries and interview the overseer, Mr W. H. Humes whom we forthwith submit to a categorical examination. He points out to us the principal features of the place, the tamalacoques, the champas (both large timber trees) the sandalwoods colophanes, teak trees, the "nattes" jack trees, travellers trees, cinchonas, flamboyants together with a world of smaller plants, from azaleas to Chinese primroses, tea plants to fuchsias, dracenas to verbenas. Everywhere in beds and borders the coleus flourishes in a score of varieties, arranged to afford charming con- trast to more gaudy neighbours. And here in a special corner, guarded and tended with watchful pride, a number of lanky gum saplings have it all to themselves, as- serting their value with true Australian in- dependence By Mr Hume's advice we decide to pro- ceed from the gardens to a romantic spot hard by, known as "Le 'Trou aux Cerfs." Followmg his directions we mount an adjoining hill, and are speedily at the desired spot. The Trou aux Cerfs is simply the crater of an extinct volcano several hundred yards wide at the top, and sloping steeply to level ground sorne four or five hundred feet below, at the apex of the inverted cone. From the edge of the crater we obtain a magnificent view of the surround- nig country, the sugar plantations, the moun- tains, and the distant Indian Ocean. The sides of the crater are thickly clothed with vegeta- tion, consisting of a close undergrowth and numerous medium sized trees. We find a convenient path leading to the bottom, and follow it, every now and then stopping to admire the beautiful ferns brushing our feet on either Bide, or towering aloft after the manner of their congeners of the Black Spur or the Otway Ranges. But there is a luxu- riance of growth here, a freshness of foliage with which even Healesville or the ap- proaches to Lorne cannot compare, and the air is laden with sweet scents from many plants, foremost amongst which ranks the bigarrade or wild seville orange. We pluck a handful of its leaves and crush them between our palms inhaling the aromatic odour at its best. A few minutes of slipping down moist clayey patches, and clambering over sudden rocky surprises and we are at the bottom of the crater, amidst the grounds of the huge cup. The path leads us on towards a cluster of small huts. Nearing these we are greeted by a pack of dogs barking a vociferous wel- come, and evidently delighted at the ap- proach of visitors. Their chorus summons the presiding genius of the place. No sulphur breathing, flame encircled demon, no weirdly misshapen dwarf, grim giant, or fantastic pixie, but a mild mannered elderly gentleman clad in the garments of to day - minus a liberal allowance for wear and tear - and in- troducing himself as Monsieur Hector Lavignac. Having mixed much with the Creoles, M Lavignac has adopted their free and easy mode of speech and we find it at first a little difiicult to follow the patois. We suggest English, whereat, with a profusion of shrugs, M. Lavignac informs us that "No spik En- gleesh." He acknowledges that this is "shok ing" on his part, seeing that he lives under an English Government, which he confesses has treated him of late years most liberally, but the fact remains that his entire English vocabulary consists of the four words already quoted, and a cookery book acquaintance with the terms "rosbif" and "plompoodin" We submit to the patois with our most courtly grace Globetrotter depends upon me as interpreter, and I fancy absorbs some astounding facts before the interview is finished M Lavignac, it seems, has now been 35 years resident in Mauritius, and five of these he has passed as the mild Vulcan of this bankrupt Etna. He forges no Jovian bolts, it is true, but he is engaged on a work which may possibly prove as effective as the Olympian shafts and who knows but what Lavignac's "Intro- duction à l'histoire des vignes, des raisins, et de la creation terrestre" may remain as immortal as the 'Thunderer himself? Until recently M. Lavignac was a disappointed man. He had laboured long for his adopted country without recompense. He had established the culture of the vanilla bean. he had per- sonally procured sugar canes from New Caledonia at a time when such canes were of saving benefit to Mauritius he had worked early and late, and found himself advancing in years but not in fortune. At last the Government were aroused to a sense of what they owed him and a pension of 104 piastres per month makes the Lavignac heart glow with gratitude and the Lavignac mouth utter praises of the powers that be. Installed in his miniature kingdom, with half a-dozen Malabars, an aged creole, and his own two sons as his subjects, M Lavignac reigns over his three acres - one acre swamp, two acres good volcanic soil - as a patriarchal monarch and exercises at the same time necessary vigilance over the Government property represented by the timber clothing the sides of the crater. This, but for his care, would soon disappear before the pilfering hands of ces sacrés Créoles, as he denounces them, and according to the Lavignac theory, the destruction of the Trou aux Cerfs would speedily follow, for the loose soil of the sides, no longer restrained by the roots of the trees, would descend and bury all beneath it. One can but hope that neither Créoles, nor returning volcanic vitality, may abbreviate the Lavignac dynasty. We accompany the monarch on a progress round his dominions. We find every inch of the non swampy soil utilised as a nursery, not for princelings of the Laavignnc stock, but for seedlings, cuttings, and graftings of vines and fruit trees. There are some 10,000 of the former and large numbers of the latter Mauritius, it seems, has been a great sufferer from the oidium - so much so, indeed, that the culture of the vine has almost ceased through out the island , but it is M Lavignac's hope to be able to change all this, and to prove, for the third time a benefactor to his fellow men. Amongst the trees we notice apple, pear, quince, peach, plum, almond, and loquat, with straw 1 erry plants hen and there, and one little 12ft square patch of Australian potatoes as carefully tended as though they were hot house fruit. Behind and around all there is an outer ring of bananas and great arum lily plants and on terraces rising on one side, step by step up the slope of the crater, are still further relays of young plants. On the top tenace, about 40ft from the level ground below, are a few odd beams of ancient timber, enough where- with to erect a moderate-size fowl-house. "This" says Le bon Roi Lavignac, with evi- dent pride, "is the commencement of the Palais d'Hiver ; the building below" -a hut 10ft by 6f t- "is the Palais d'été, but I have felt the want of a winter palace, and, behold, we proceed to build it. I point it out for fear you might overlook it ." From the Palais d'Hiver we pass on to the Fauteuil de Ville, a curious rock shaped like a rude armchair. "Here you sit, and here you put on the one side your pipe, on the other your glass of champagne," explains the loquacious monarch, and then he invites us below to taste the champagne of le Trou aux Cerfs. We enter the summer palace stooping care- fully as we do so, and we admire, first the architecture - of the Robinson Crusoe order, secondly, the furniture and con- tents generally-a miscellaneous and pri mitive collection truly. And then we drink M. Lavignac's health in brimming bumpers of sparkling water, drawn originally from the swamp, but passed through a noble old Nor- folk Island filter. The two princes of the blood royal are outside, preparing a savoury dish for tho dejeûner, but this, though in- vited, we do not taste. We bid good-bye to our genial communicative host, and I promise to try and procure for him slips of a plum tree which he describes as growing at Antananarivo, the capital of Madagascar We gladden the heart of the creole Prime Minister by the gift of a plug of good Ame- rican tobacco, brought all the way from Swanston street, and gaily mount the home- ward path. It tests our lungs, and is pro- ductive of copious rivulets of perspiration, but the exercise is undoubtedly beneficial. Arrived at the edge of the water, we salute King Lavignac with a farewell coo- ee of the true Australian sort, and are soon once more on the Curepipe highroad. On our way back to the hotel we inspect the Curepipe military sanatorium- to which soldiers are transferred from Port Louis when suffering from the local fever or other ailments. A range of wooden buildings, fairly suited for the purpose, are tenanted by a number of red coats, who seem lo be enjoying their country residence. The mention of red coats naturally leads one's mind to the cast-off garments of the British army, so much affected by the Malabars. Every other Indian whom one meets wears this portion of our brave defenders' uniform. In some cases the scarlet is as bright as the day when the garment first left the maker's hands, but in several instances there has been a discount for age varying from brick red to a dull claret colour. They last for many years do these secondhand uniforms, and are much prized by their owners, who are attracted alike by the colour and the strength of material. But latterly the Mauritius Board of Health have taken alarm at the unclean state of some of the left-off uniforms imported, especially those from India, and have issued restrictions forbidding the importation of such articles unless carefully disinfected. In a place where fever is so prevalent, and where cholera has more than once dealt fearful havoc, such pre- precautions are, to say the least, on the right side, but they, together with the strict quarantine rules now in force at Port Louis naturally meet with wholesale grumbling Better to be sure than sorry, however, and this is I know, the motto of the Victorian authorities in their anxiety to prevent hydro- phobia by absolutely forbidding the importa- tion of dogs. Hydrophobia, alas I has already a certain foothold in Mauritius, as we our selves discover. On our return to the hotel after our drive we find everybody in a state of great excitement. The maitre d'hotel is parading in front with a rifle , the cook is jabbering Creole with Adrien, the domestique , Mons George the major-domo of the adjoining establishment is issuing instructions to a posse of bare-legged, spindle-shanked re- tainers, the Indian women living in the hotel stables are looking on with distended ejes , and one and all are more or less alarmed. On inquiry we find that a large hound, unmistakably suffering from hydro- phobia recently rushed into the hotel, and seizing Mons Ferdinand's pet dog Tom, bit it severely on the shoulder, whereat Mons. Ferdinand speedily aimed himself and pursued the brute. It dodged him from point to point amidst the cries of the men and the shrieks of the women, and finally took refuge in the stables, from whence it was with difficulty dislodged, and retreated at full speed, but not before the gallant Fer- dinand had "planted a ball," as he tells us, in its shoulder. We walch during the evening for a reappearance of the monster but he does not return, and we are relieved on hearing a few hours later that he has been knocked on the head by some labourers. But if we are unscathed, little Tom is not. His wound is severe and ugly, and his master anxious for the well being of all concerned, informs us, with tears in his ejes, that the one must suffer for the safety of the whole. Accordingly we hear next morning that poor Tom, like his Shakspearian namesake, is "a cold." Later on we notice in Port Louis how the populace are protected from hydrophobia the dogs being muzzled with red tape, fastened with sealing wax to their collars ! Reassur- ing, verily. But if Mauritius suffers from infec- tious diseases and hydrophobia it is singularly free from noxious animals. There are, it is true, about a dozen snakes in the Port Louis museum certi- fied to as having been caught in the island, but these it is asserted were brought here in Indian vessels. In all our many walks we see nothing more alarming than a few lizards, and these of vivid green and blue, handsome little reptiles which in many houses run up and down the walls un- molested in search of flies. This dearth of snakes may be pleasing to the average Mauritian, but what do the poor editors do between the arrivals of the monthly mails ? No snake stories, no ammonia injections, no hovering on the verge of death, no miraculous recovery, no eminent rural medice to applaud for his " prompt application of restoratives." But if snakes are few and far between, petty robbers or at least would be robbers, abound, judging at any rate from the number of watchmen employed in the country districts . The thieves have not yet annoyed us, but the thief catchers have. The very first night of our arrival, as we sit in the long verandah chatting by the dim light of a a kerosene lan- tern, wc are atartled by a cry which is a curious compound of halloo, coo-ee, and dog howl. It sustained for two or three seconds, then there is a pause, a second similar cry, another pause, and finally a sort of short yelp. Half an hour later we hear similar sounds repeated in the same succession. We make inquiry and find that they constitute the "all right" of the gardien de nuit, or night watchman, who is making his rounds. Each estate, it seems, employs one or more of these watchmen. We express a wish to examine one. M. Ferdinand immediately despatches Adrien, who shortly returns with a living specimen, A turban, a light-coloured cotton shirt, a loin cloth, and the inevitable soldier's coat. Inside these a peculiarly mild looking Malabar, who grasps a long stall, with a blunt and rusty iron head. This, he explains, ia a Madagascar pike,und forms his weapon of offence and defence should he happen to meet with any midnight marauders. We solace his soul with a glass of cognac, and he resumes his tour, making night hideous as he goes. We cannot imagine him as exercising any very deterrent effect on the evil- disposed of the neighbourhood, and his pike seems even less formidable than himself. While at Curepipe we take several other drives and walks, and find plenty to amuse and interest us. Mons. Ferdinand, taking pity on our vain endeavours to bathe in the infinitesimal bedroom-basins, has had in a couple of workmen, who have repaired the legitimate bath of the establishment, a noble cemented tank 20ft long by 12ft broad and 5ft deep, and in this we disport at sunrise. After that a walk in the cool morning mountain air is a grand appetiser, and we return to enjoy break- last with a hunter's zest. And, parlant des chasseurs, we frequently come across not only the tracks of deer, but the animals themselves. Some years ago these deer were imported into Mauritius from India, and thanks to judicious protection, they have multiplied largely. The open sea- son lasts from the 1st of June to the end of August, and during that period numerous battues are organised and enjoyed by Mauri- tian sportsmen, the game being beaten towards the hunters by dogs and Malabars, the latter barking like the former in their excitement and zeal. Just before we arrived a deer-hunt, given in honour of the Governor, was attended by 70 chasseurs, who killed no less than 70 stags, two falling to the Governor's own rifle. The stags only are shot, the does and fawns being left unharmed. Fine fellows these Mauritian stags, with noble, many-tined antlers, as may be seen in most of the houses of the well to do, where the stuffed heads form prominent trophies. Thanks to the hospitality of Sir Virgil Naz, one of ¡he leaders ot Mauritian society, I receive an in- vitation to a stag hunt, to take place on the last day of the season, but owing to the im- minent departure of the Australian mail, and my duty towards the Victoria leading public, I am obliged reluctantly to forego the pleasure. As far as I can ascertain, hunting the deer on horseback is never practised in Mau- ritius. The chasseurs prefer the easier method of battue and rifle, but this involves excellent exercise, and most of the Mauritian aristocracy are well- trained shots. The deer seem intuitively to know when the close season commences, for after the 31st August they are frequently seen near the hotel, and even pass within a hundred yards ot the verandah where we sit. This, prior to the 31st, they never attempted. The carrying of arms in Mauritius necessitates au annual licence of £1, and special permis- sion has to be obtained to shoot over any of the Government lands. Beyond the deer there is not much game to be had. Pheasants, partridges, wild duck, hares, and rabbits are spoken of but seldom seen, and the monkeys -which abound in certain districts-and tenrees, or jungle pigs, are hardly worthy of being placed in the sportman's category. A few "old men" and "buck jumpers' where with to follow these bounding brothers of the bush would, I think, be a godsend to the sluggish livered amongst the residents of this fair isle. As to fences, there are positively none-timber is too scarce, and the stone walls are low enough to be inviting. I look forward to kangaroo hunting as the great sport of the Mauritius of the future. It would do more to develope an English feeling than all the efforts of Downing street and its local agents can ever effect. 