THE PRACTICAL EXCELLENCE OF OUR LITURGY, BY AN IMPARTIAL WITNESS. The article from which we qnote is written by Pro fessor Sam. M.Hopkins, D.D.,of AuburnTheological Seminary, and is printed in the January issue of the Presbyterian Eeview. After picturing the character of' the customary services m the Presbyterian churches, consisting of a pair of prayers, three hymns, the sermon, and benediction, Dr. Hopkins says : — ' Through all this the congregation sit mute. They have not even the poor Methodist's liberty of relieving their minds by a. " Hallelujah," or a " Bless the. Lord.' Neither they who sit in the room of the learned, or of the unlearned, say " Amen " to the prayer. The Ten Commandments, or as al ternate to them, the Beatitudes are seldom or never read. The creed is never recited. No voice re sponds, " Lord have mercy upon us, and incline our hearts to keep this law." No loud acclaim resounds " Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost." With a close imitation of the Rom ish method, the choir and the priest have performed the whole audible part of the public worship. It certainly ought not to surprise us under such con ditions, that a very large number of the children of Presbvterian families, and many of the cultivated and tasteful of our members, have sought a more cheerful, more varied, more sympathetic service in another communion. There is not a Presbyterian pastor in the land but wbatcan testify to such losses The Anglican Church has been largely recruited from our ranks. There are many thousands in the Church at present who have been drawn away mere ly by the superior attractions of its cultus. Certain ly they have not been enticed by the greater im- pressiveness or eloquence of the pulpit The tracks are all one way. Look through any circle of your own acquaintanceship, and count up the Presbyterian families in which one, two. or more lambs have strayed into the Bishop's fold. . . . It is very largely due to this fact that of all the sects in the United States, the Anglican is growing the most rapidly at the present time. It is forming new congregations and organising new dioceses with extraordinary rapidity. On the other hand, the Presbyterian Church is almost stationary, It requires a close calculation to show that she is even holding her own. ... To make the preaching of the Gospel consist exclusively in the delivery of sermons, is the fatal mistake of Presbyterianism. All appropriate worship of God through Jesus Christ is not limited to the preaching of the Gospel. Devotional singing is setting forth the praises of Christ as our Prophet, Priest, and King. The Apostles' and Nicene Creeds are full of the Gospel. In the Lord's Supper, Christ is set forth evidently crucified for us. There is more of Christ in the Te Deum and the Litany alone than is commonly found in two entire Presbyterian services. If we imagine that we have a monopoly of the exhibition of Christ as the sinner's only friend and refuge, we are under a profound mistake. All these services — confession, supplication and thanksgiving, creed, psalm, and sacrament — are preaching the Gospel ; and to ears attuned to them, and hearts in sympathy, are preaching it with a endeitness, a pathos, a power which is not. so often £Ound in thn elaborate Sunday morning sermon. 