WHEN WE RHVE GONE AWAY. S(By A.K.H.B., in Longrpan's Maga.ene. (Abridged.) ARE we not getting a little fiightened, we who have grown old, and who are coming' to hold a certain great Change very constantly in our view, thinking howt terribly we must some day be put out of our way, all present habit udes dislocated i And one cannot help think ing, thinking very frequently, We are at home here in our own little corner of the vast Universe; our own parish, our own house, our own little.room where we write and read : buthow 'confise'd and strange we feel even going but a little' w y from home, fifty miles, four hundred miles) and having to accommodate ourselves to chailged .surround ings. The writer goes sometimes to London. At rare intervals he enters into Paternoster Row. It is not himself that! goes there at all. And such as have seen him there, even a good many times, do not know him in the least. Now what will it be when we must go quite away 4 We may be Better Away from here. We may have got very tired of things here, and may sometimes feel that we are not able to stand it much longer: the strain beyond heart or strength. But yet, what is there Beyond 4 Where shall We be, and what like, after we shall ha ve Gone:Away l For we have an immense long time to live, longer beyond all comparison than we have lived here. And we may have strange places to go to, and very odd peple to see and to live among. A young iIarson told me how, after five years in charge of a quiet country parish, ice was translated to one' in" a great -city;- and heow, in tfih' eeiks before going', he used to walk alcouct .his little gar den and shrubbery, under huge beeches, and wonder what like people he would have' to deal with in that new splere. Hle tried to picture them out. And when .he saw any curious face in man or woman, he thought, Now, will there be somebody like that 4 But there may be much stranger people where we are all going. And we do not know what like our first acquaintance with them may be. The time comes to ageing men and women when they must think a little of themselves. In these latter days, the entire thought of men and women is for their chiid ren: of their own prospects they think nothing at all. But there is something com ing which is coming to one's self, very indi vidually; and just for a very little, now and then, we must needs think of Number One. We know how they ivill ta!ke it, poor things. We shall not hear it said, but it will be said -' He's gone.' And then arrangements will have to be made. Possibly, you have. not read the ' Life of James Clerk Maxwell.' If so, yon.had better go and read it. Not for the scientific greatness and fame, but for the moral nobleness, sweetness, and truth. Never were fiather and son more united than his father and he. At the end of a few holi days together in the country (a very uninter esting country which I used to know,) the father suddenly died, and the son was left alone in the desolate house. Yet it was all taken very quietly. Writing to a friend, the words were these: ' My father died suddenly to-day at twelve o'clock. He used often to talk to me about this, givich Ihas come at last, and he seemed fully to have made up his mind to it and to be prepared for it.' Then a cousin came, and they proceeded to walk out and ' talk away-very much as usual all the timne, discussing the thinning of planta tions, &c.;' That is all quite well for those who stay behind; but it is different for the one who goes away. It will not do just to feel he is put out of sight. That may do for the sur vivors. But it is ourselves, my reader, you and I, who have now got to leave all planta tions and all walks behind, and 'to enter upon wholly untried localities. We thought of them always mnuch morethan they did of us. Yet, at the end of holiday-time, when the little boy went back.to school, next morning we had but a vague idea of the sad heart with which he was taken to his lessons, very homesick and desolate. Still' less, when we go, will . they, plodding about the day's work, have any clear idea of what we are doing, just then ; and what like and where we are. One thing is clear; that spite of all that is said and written about the comfort of knowing that those who have gone away are happy-' Our loss their gain' is the old-fashioned technical phrase people on this side are in fact content to live on knowing nothing of the actual condition even of those who they knew best here: People on this side, in most cases, do not want to know accurately how things are over there, or to have a distinct idea. 'Ari iiides cribable and awful change is felt to have passed on such as have gone away : people on this side are in fact afraid of them,-even of those who were closest and dearest. I remem ber, very vividly, something told me, in an awe-stricken manner, by one who has had to go himself. He was a clergymen, diligentin all pastoral work; and he never got anything like the credit he deserved. One evening he was sitting by the bedside of .a lad dying of consumption: the poor mother was there too. And she said to my friend bow terrible to her was the prospect of parting with her boy. 'Oh, mother,' said the poor dying youth, 'if I'm allowed, I'll come hack and see you.' But the old Scotchwoman, clingingso closely to her child in this life, felt that things wvould beqquite changed once hIe Ihad died. 'No,' she cried in terror: ' keep your own side till I come to vou!' These vwere the words. It is many a y:ear since they were told me; .and I do not thiink I have ever repeated them, but once,since then. iThs?t-ii-ii"ewhich s in many, thlat after all is said, tihis world is the only place where we really have our friends: tlhat in going away fromu us, they change so utterly and awfully, that our true feeling to wards them is. of shrinking and terror: they are not tlhe samse. And what we want is the very same. It is juast to be 'set by their side again' A disembodied being is, to us as we are, indescribably awful. It has been so from tiine immemorial. There is no more ancient book than one which tells us the earliest ghost story. 'Then a spirit passed before my face; the hair of my flesh stood up.' That result was taken for granted. And while we are at home and at our ease with ahuman being, whois body and spirit together, we feel the same awe-stricken shrinking from either the bodily or the spiritual by itselt. Shall you ever forget how you were hastily summoned to the old home, when your father had suddenly died: and how, eitering,.you asked Where is my father 7 and it was answered The body is .cpstairs ? It is very strange, and terrible, that we are equally afraid of the body and tlhe soul. For'it is to be admitted tliatthb great change does not look like Goingb Away. It looks like Going Out. And the. quiet composure with which most men and women meet the end (you will be lieve one who perpetually sees the dying), truly comes of this: that they are so weak, so run down, that all sense and, thought are dulled into nothingness. It is falling asleep, wearied out. There is no heart left to care for things here. ' I cannot bear it,' were the last words of Frederick ]Robertson: 'let me rest.' I have not read anything for a long time which seems to me so real, so like what I see, as the closing scene of Clerk Maxwell: -' Colin, you are strong, lift me up.' He next said, 'Lay me down lower, for I am very low myself, and it suits me to lie low.' After this he breathed deeply aud slovly, and, with'a long look at his wife passed away. I said it.looks like Going Out, not like Going Away. Indeed it does. Here, when you are going away, you get things together. You think what you must take with you: and it is an anxious thought to some weak souls, who know in themselves that they never were equal to their burden, and that only by constant kind care they have been kept up to it at all. Then things are packed up: I suppose that homely folk who pack up for themselves have seldom felt sadder than in the process of doing so: Curious, the homely task, done often with so heavy a heart. And, finally when you go, you take all your belongings away with you. But in this Going Away, you pack up nothing: you take nothing with you at all : not the things you valued most and had about you continu ally. It is infinitely touching, to see the con fusion into which the little possessions of an extremely tidy and orderly man get in the lasgt daya-..It.iawvell he _ is lyo. m _kinsing of them : though that Ls not always so. Some times, in the awful sleepless night, so incredi bly long, the weakened mind is possessed with .very vivid cares. It ought to be possessed with the thoughts of a future life. But, in fact, it is often just as full as may be of little worldly concerns. And the future which is most urgent, is the future of poor creatures who must be left. 