ENTHRONEMENT OF BiSHOP KENNION. THE INSTALLATION. The imposing ceremony of formally in« stalling the second Anglican bishop of Ade laide took place at St. Peter's Cathedral on the morning of March 7. By ten o'clock the cathedral was filled by a congregation com posed almost entirely of members of the Church of England, who had been admitted by tickets bearing the names of the holders. One manifest advantage of this system was that no unseemly crushing disturbed the appropriate decorum of the proceedings. In the theological college of St. Barnabas, im mediately opposite to the cathedral, those who were to have places in the procession assembled, and at the hour for beginning the service, 10.30 a.m., the starting of the processional hymn 392 (A. and M.) was the signal for a move to the cathedral. First came the honorary wardens of the cathedral followed by a large number of the lay synodsinen representing the various churches of the diocese. These were followed by a chorister bearing one of the cathedral banners, and then the choir of forty-one boys and men. Next in order was another banner-bearer, wbo pre ceded the clergy, who marched in the follow, ingorder:— Deacons—iters. M. M. Whitton. .S. Hinson, Leader, B.A., LL.B., and W. K. Moore; Priests—Revs. C. H. Young, J. Smith, M.A., W. J. Bussell. R. Kenny, M.A., S. French, M.A., J. Orchard, F. It. Coghlan, B.A., J. W. Gower, A. Sells, sen., M.A., F. T. Whitingfcon, J. M. Donaldson, J. C. Haynes, J. Houghton, It. 13. Webb, M.A., H. Howitt, C. G. Taplin, F. S. Poole, M.A., W. II. Mudie. H. M. Pollitt, A. Honner, T. Field, M.A., It. Reid, E. K. Miller, C. W. Hawkins, E. Jenkins, F. Williams, M.A., — Matthias, M.A.; Hono rary Canons—E. T. Howell, M.A.; G. W, Morse, M.A., S. Green, W. B. Andrews, A. Dendy, D.D. (cathedral precentor); Canons —W. H. Coombs; Archdeacons—C. Marryat M.A., (Adelaide), and G. Dove, M.A. (Flin ders), the Very Rev. Dean Russell, B.D. As the clergy end of the procession passed out of the college it was met by the bishop's chaplain (the Rev. Mr. Ranstornc, M.A.), bearing the pastoral staff—presented some years ago to the late bishop, and by him handed to Dr. Kcnnion—and followed by the bishop, who were the robes usually adopted by the Angli can Episcopate, namely lawn rochet, black satin cbinere, and the scarf and hood of a doctor of divinity. Behind the bishop walked Mr. A. Sturckc, the registrar- of the diocese. Upon entering the cathedral the choir and clergy took their places in the choir, and the bishop was conducted to the episcopal chair in the same part of the build ing, the dean and canons sitting immediately opposite to him. The cathedral altar was vested in a new white satin frontal, orna mented with a floriated cross in gold, and had a purple superfrontal and two orphreys of the same color, the intention evidently being to unite the idea of the special festal service of the day with that of the current Lenten season. Four vases of white flowers rested upon the retable, and the general effect was chaste and appropriate. As morning prayer had been said at 7.30 o'clock the special service was at once begun by the precentor (Dr. Dendy), and choir in toning the lesser litany and versieles and responses of the daily office, the Dean adding the subjoined spcciar®collcct for the occasion:—" O Thou Good Shepherd of the sheep, who has gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, assist with Thy heavenly grace all bishops and pastors that they may lead Thy people into good pastures and bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. And for this Thy ser vant who has been invested with the office of a bishop, we pray that it may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith and fervor of love and purity of life that he may use his office well. So we that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever: Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost livestandreignest one God, world without end. Amen." The proper psalms c-xxii., exxxii., and exxxiii. were then chanted. Stepping from bis chair the bishop next handed his letters commendatory,from the Archbishop of Canterbury, to the dean, who passed them to the registrar to read to the assembled con gregation. The document set out the nomi nation of Archbishop Tait, and the Bishops of Winchester, Truro. Durham, and Bedford by the Synod of Adelaide as a selection com mittee ; the appointment by this episcopal committee of Dr. Kennion to the see of Ade* . laide; and the consecration to the bishopric on St. Andrew's Day last, November 30, in Westminster Abbey by the Bishop of Lon don—the Archbishop of Canterbury being prevented from ofliciaiing by the illness ficrn which His Grace never rallied— assisted by a number of other prelates, amongst whom was Dr. Short, late of Ade laide. When the observance of all the ne cessary formalities had been communicated to tlic people by the reading of these com mendatory letters Bishop Kennion advanced into the centre of the choir, and facing the dean made the subjoined declaration:—"! George Wyndham, Bishop of Adelaide, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Church) and diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, aud charity, not lord ing it over God's heritage, but endeavor ing to show myself in all things an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen." The dean now took the bishop by the right hand and led his lordship to the episcopal throne within the altar rails, the bishop's chaplain preceding, and the canons of the cathedral following to their seats in the sanc tuary. Addressing the bishop, the dean said:—" In the name of God, amen. By virtue of my oflice as dean of this cathedral church, and in behalf of the dean and chapter and of the synod of Adelaide, I, Alexander Kussell, bachelor of divinity, do induct thee, George Wyndliam Kennion, doctor of divinity, into the occupation of^the see and diocese of Adelaide, and therewith do instal thee in the possession, authority, and juris diction which pertain to the bishop of this | see in accordance with the fundamental pro visions and regulations of this diocese." j The act of installation having been thus officially completed, Dr. Kennion knelt for some time in silent prayer, while the choir sang the anthem. The words were "Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O Zion: put on thy beautiful garments, O Jerusalem, the holy city; from henceforth there shall r.o more come unto thee the un- j circumcised and the unclean. Shake thyself from the dust, arise, and ait down, O Jeru salem. Loose thyself from the bonds of thy neck, O captive daughter of Zion. How beautiful upon the mountaius are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that pub lisheth peace, that publisheth salvation; that saith unto Zion, ' Thy God reigneth !' Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice; with the voice together shall they sing: for they shall see e yeto eye when the Lord shall bring again Zion. Break forth into joy, sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem, for the Lord hath com forted His people; He hath redeemed Jeru salem. The Lord hath made bare His Hbly Arm in the eyes of all the nations, and all the ends of the world have seen the salvation of our God. Break forth with joy, sing together, j e waste places of Jerusalem. Hallelujah. Amen." Opening with a bright chorus, the music passed into a solemn quartette at the words, " How beautiful upon the mountains," &e.;, and the tenors and basses alone rendered the sentence beginning "Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice," a massive chorus forming the finale. The anthem is interesting, as haviegbeen ccmposedby Dr. Stainer, organist of St. Paul's. London, for the installation of Dr. Ernest Wilberforce, first bishop of the newly-formed see of Newcastle, England; and the Adelaide Cathedral choir rendered the inspiring and beautiful music with marked accuracy and power. The office of the holy communion for the fourth Sunday in Lent was next proceeded with, the! Bishop being celebrant, Archdeacon Marryat epistolev, and Archdeacon Dove gospeller. The music used wa3 a setting by the cathedral organist, Mr. Boult, and though simple in construction it well expresses the devotional character of the service. After the Nicene Creed the communion hymn, "Alleluia, sing to Jesus," was sung, during which the bishop was conducted to the pulpit. His Lordship, it may be said, is of about the middle height, dark and with a firm yet very pleasing countenance. His voice is rich and melodious, though not of more than ordinary power, but a refined and distinct accentuation allows of the bishop being easily heard. Dr. Kennion's style may be described as polished and fervid, bis lordship frequently rising to the warmth of genuine earnestness in the move stirring portions of his discourse. Although largely using manuscript, the bishop often introduced the extempore clement as he proceeded, and thereby con siderably added to the elfcct of bis address. His lordship preached the following sermon on the text, "I in them and Thouin Me,thatthey may be made perfect in one,:: ndthatthe worldmay kuow that Thou has sent Me, and hast loved them as Thou has loved me."—John xvii., 2;i:—" Who of us can ignore the significance of the service of to day ? You arc to-day taking your part in the completion of an act which has linked afresh ycur memories with the great abbey T2,00() miles away. Of old the enthronement of the bishr p and his first uttcrancc-s to the people of his diocese were of the essence of his investiture with his sacred office. Some of the marked features of the ancient ceremonies have wisely been discontinued; but to-day you have, as it were, ratified and scaled the selection and appointment of your bishop. You have joined to-day in solemn prayers for him. as you did in touching sympathy at the hour of his consecration; you have raised again your thanksgiving as in the beauteous service ou his immediate arrival among you; but- ycu have done more to« day —you have placed him with all duo solemnity in the allotted seat or throne in his cathedral, as though you took your share in entrusting him with the chief oversight of the church in this diocese ; as though you would have him the'personal centre of unity,'as the cathedral is the ' local centre of unity' in the diocese. That it is possible for you to have this installation of the bishop in the mother church of the diocese—the parish church of the parish churches—and thus place him at the head of the conciliar chapter, suggests at once one of the chief difficulties before him—one of which he may well speak to-day. We are not gathered together in one of those antique cathedrals of our old land, whose wall3, grey with glorious age, are instinct with the religious life and sentiment of many generations. Wc have not the memories of centuries which have contributed of tbeir spirit and of their wealth until, in its variety, the building has become the record of the many phases through which it has passed, and has gathered its very strength and majesty from its long continuance. We are standing on the threshold of a new world. One generation—nay, one life—one man has seen the growth of the church in this colony. Under the guiding providence of God and in the faith of Christ has the organization of this vast diocese been extended over an area larger than that of France by one man's fostering care. With him as leader has the church emerged the brighter from the troubles which may have seemed heavy indeed at the time when all State aid was taken from her. Through his energy was gathered tbe goodly band which in growing town or in distant station has proclaimed the glorious gospel of our God and Saviour. One by one rose the churches planted during his episcopate, until now all are conse crated. One by one advanced to completion the Collegiate School, the Theological College. Steadily and solidly were accomplished the various schemes of diocesianfinance. Then, encouraged by his zeal, guided by his far seeing wisdom, you have boldly begun this great cathedral. His example animated you. It was a noble w7ork to undertake for the glory of our God, To have beea able to begin and lialf complete such a building as this in which to-day we worship is suffi ciently indicative of the vigor with which my great and revered predecessor made his episcopacy a reality, ibavc spoken of facts ( that are apparent. This is no place or time for s eulogy. Si monumeniiun t/uario, circumspke, ! and the difficulty i3 to follow such a man. I do not come among you with the claims of academical distinction. I make no pretension ■ to the ripe scholarship, or the knowledge oE ecclesiastical law, or the brilliant gifts of | your former bishop. I can but bring you the [ experience such as my age will allow me to ! speak of, gained in pastoral work, and I come because 1 wa3 sent. When Bishop Selwyn ! accepted the Bishopric of New Zealand he I wrote 'It has never seemed to me to lie in , the power of an individual to choose the field ! of labors most suited to his own powers, | These who are the eyes of the church and > have seen him acting in the station in which I God has placed him are the best judges | whether he ought to go up higher. Wher | ever or whatever the duty may be, with vhat i ever prospects or adjuncts of emolument or | dignity, or without any, the only course seems to be to undertake it at the bidding of the proper authority and to execute it with all faithfulness.' These words I would make ; my own. In this spirit have I come among you, trusting in 'Him,5 whose I am, and whom I _ ' endeavor to serve,' whose 'strength is made perfect in weakness,' and asking that your prayers given so earnestly at the time of the choice of your bishop may be continued for him now he ! is among you, that with one heart and one : mind we_ may labor together, helping one ; another in advancing the kingdom of God. | Thus, and thus only can our work be rightly done. Union with our dear Lord, and in ; Him union with one another, this is the j antecedent condition of all true church work. Therefore have I chosen for my ; first text among yon words from the won ; drous prayer prayed by our Lord Jesus on the eve of His crucifixion. It is a prayer for union, that the unity of the church may be the conviction of the world. His disciples heard it. There must have been a special object in this pouring out of his soul in the very presence and hearing of others. The prayer becomes a revelation. We know from this solemn communing with His Father the very mind and the will of our Divine Lord. Yet it is a prayer. The High Priest is bend ing as it were over the great sacrifice, and lie whose whole life on earth has been but one continuous fulfilment of His Father's will now oilers Himself, now consecrates Himself for the offering, for the sins of the whole world. But in the very thrill and awe of the coming oblation He sees of the travail of His soul and is satisfied. They will destroy that sacred temple in which the Divine Presence was manifested unto men; but another temple should bo raised in which the perpetual tabernacling among men should be realised. The world which had known Him not might think to get rid of Jesus of Nazareth. But His body, the church, would become the sphere of His life among men, for the risen and ascended Lord would pour forth His spirit on His church, and in that spirit would Himself be with her to the end of the world. And so He looks onward in confi dence, and projecting Himself into the future, casts Himself in His church upon the world. just as in the incarnation He liad thrown Himself a3 a little infant upon the sympathy and love of those who would give it Him. He knew that then He would come to His own and they would receive Him not. He knows that for His church there is awaiting the same treatment. But yet the world will one day learn of the Saviour's redeeming mission, and will one day learn of the love God has for His church—His adopted family. The church's union with her God shall prove it; and so He prays, and would God that prayer that entered into the ear of the Lord God of Sabbaoth might quicken our hearts to-day— ' I in them and Thou in Me, that they may he perfected into one, and that the world may know that Thou has sent Me, and lovest them—(not hast loveu)—as Thou lovest Me.' It is a wonderful thought, that of the body of Christ living on. It alters the whole con ception of one's duty to realise it, and to grasp the fact that the risen and ascended Lord has given to His people to live out His life for Him—to carry on His mission for Him on the earth. The apostles taught by the Holy Ghost have caught up and enlarged upon this teaching. Sometimes it is as a family or a household over which Christ i3 the head that the society or kingdom of the Lord is described—thst the harmony and brotherly love of the household may reflect the peace within and attract the outer world. Sometimes as a building of which human lives are the living stones; a building shapely and symmetrical, manifesting the orderliness and steadfastness of the God of order. And yet more frequently do they speak of the church as the body of Christ—a body capable of growth, receptive of nourishment j nay, growing only by its nourishment and in its action, with its work given it, and its power to work. And all this from Jesus Christ, its unseen head. All, too, in virtue of the redemp tion He accomplished. And this body are we. And here in this prayer cur Blessed Lord declares the twofold purport of His Church— the twofold message which it must ever bear to the world. Each is in reality inseparable from the other. Yet sometimes in the history of Christianity men have apprehended only the one or the other. At one time it is the nevcr-too-often-told truth of the Saviour's mission to a sinful world—' That the world may know that Thou has sent Me.' Never can we be too thankful for what is popularly called the evangelical revival of the Church of England. In days when she seemed dead and cold it was found she had enshrined in her a message, which touched the hearts of men who listened, and the strong faith in the plain story of redeeming love in the forgive ness of sins as it coursed through the veins of her life awoke new forces, new energies, within her. True that many touched by the fire of the message which came home to them, impatient of her restraints, broke from her and formed new spiritual communities for themselves. But how shall we blame them if they found their vigor manifesting itself mostly indesintegration when theyhad learned no bond of union save that of an establish ment, and had placed before them no ideal of a brotherhood—of a society—of a kingdom— of a body formed by the Lord and Master Himself? Thank God that if they have weakened us and themselves by their separa tion, they have yet borne far and wide the tidings of a Saviour's love; and back and back again, must the church go to this her primal message — Jesus Christ and Him crucified—' That the world may know that Thou has sent Me.' Never apart from this can she nor ought she to touch the heart of the world. But to the other great truth which our text indicates as the second great message which the Church has to bear and to prove to the world—' That Thou lovest them as Thou lovest Me'—we are awakening in later days. There is a yearning for brothcrhocd. There is a longing to realise the power involved in hearts being animated by a common cause. And where will this longing be satisfied hut in the family life of the house over which Christ is the master; in the society which quickened by union and communion with its Lord has gathered of His spirit in the body of which He is the head—and through which shall ever circulate the vivifying graces of the Spirit sent from on high—in the temple of living stones built for the habitation of tlie Holy Ghost. 'Tis the sublime of man, our noontide majesty, to know ourselves parts and proportions of one wondrous whole. This fraternises man, this constitutes our charities and our bearings, but 'tis God diffused through all that doth make all one whole." How it raises one's courage, hopes, and aspirations to awaken to the great thought- that in this great body we are not isolated and alone! Our religion, a binding force between ourselves and God, does not separate us frotii our brothers and sisters in the Church o£ Christ Jesus. Thousands all over the world arc struggling as we are struggling with the forces of temptations, are striving as we are striving to walk in the path which the Lord Jesus has directed, but the thought, as ha3 been beautifully suggested, that >St. Peter's Cathedral in Adelaide and St. Peter's in Westminster Abbey are only side-chapels in ihe great cathedral of' Christendom surely must unvite us in spirit; and then there is the thought that those who in the ways of Christ Jesus are in obedience to His Holy Spirit, are living the life in which he meant them to live in the kingdom or society which he founded. Christ's holy Catholic Church, as He indicates, is surely the sphere iu which the love of his Father, the love of the Father to His children, and the love of the brethren, to one another, can be realised through you with Christ Jesus our Lord. My brethren, if this be so, how great is the trust that devolves upon every one of usl Our Lord Jesus has prayed, "I in them and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one and that the world may know that Thou has sent and bast loved them as Thou hast loved me." This is a trust devolving upon every one of you, but surely especially true i3 this of us of the ministry. We, brethren, are not a caste, separate and apart from you. We are the organs of the body, but the body does not exist for us, but we for the body. True it is, the body does not choose us. but the • Lord Jesus chooses us for the body. The body cannot say, " We have no need of you," and yet the life of the church is not in us, but in the whole body of which wc are the organs. It was pointed out to me iu an emphatic manner by your dear late bishop, though I had road it with much interest just before, how that, in a lately published book, by perhaps one of the beat known divines of our English Church, Canon Weston, it has been most clearly and in a mo3t scholar-like manner proved how the great charge and commission by cur blessed Lord, narrated in the 20th chapter of St. John, was a charge given and a commission given not merely to the apostles, but to the church as a whole. I shall never forget the emphasis with vrluoh he pointed this out, and the encouragement and the pleasure which it seemed to be to him to have this thus brought before him. Yes, brethren, our functions are delegated functions. When we are praying in the congregation it is you who through our lips arc pleading the sacred name in which the petitions are offered. When wc stand at the lioly table of our Lord to show forth His death till He come, it is you who are thus pleading your faith in the one atonement once made for the sins of tho whole world. If we are in any manner recep tive of Cod's grace and truth, it is indeed as organs of the body; it is for the growth of the body that we are thus blessed from above. It docs not diminish our responsibility; it increases it. It roust ever throw us back in our relations to the Great Head. Are we conscious of a real commission? Yes, we have received the s word of heaven from no dead hand. It is as a living body that the church has invested us with our high office. Many a time in hours of per plexity and despondency it will help us to go back to this gi-and fact, that the church's commission is not a mere reflection of some action of a past age. It is in the name of her living Lord who is now with His church, and who invigorates us who have been called (to this office with His present power we are sent forth to work. "We arc ministers of God," says Hooker, "as from whom our authority is derived and not from men." " I cannot," says Dr. Yaughan, "conceive a more wretched feeling in the soul of a Christian minister than that which can doubt the validity of his owu commission." The church, of which Christ is the head—the church in which the Spirit dwells — the church to which the ascended Lord gave certain spiritual gifts, amongst them those of pastors and teachers, ordained, [commissioned, sent me, Equally truly does all this apply to the office of a bishop, liaised in the providence of God a little higher than his brethren, only that he may take a wider view than others of the field cf the work, yet for him iu its essence the same responsibilities will for ever be attached. Hear once more what Bishop Selvvyn has carefully written "The episcopate _ is a title not of honor but of work, and in that spirit I trust to be enabled to exercise my office. I do not con sider myself exempt from any duty which can fall upon any priest or deacon in the diocese, except so far as my own purely episcopal duties shall absorb my time and demand a priority of attention, 'Only on the throne will I be greater than you.' It is not so much that I have vacated any other order to which I was formerly ordained, but that I have been consecrated to another office, the duties of which are added to those for which I was responsible before. Upon this principle it follows at once that I am placed here to act not so much over you a3 with ycu. For one point in which I seem to be placed over you, that is, in the power of coercion and government, there are many in which I am associated with you in the dis charge of the duties of the same divine ministry. And even in the power of coercion which I seem to exercise, it is not so much in my own person that I so act as in the spirit of the whole clergy, or rather of the church catholic, the execution of whose decrees is vested in me. I believe the monarcliial idea of the episcopate to be as foreign to the true mind of the church as it is adverse to the gospel doctrine of humility. Let it never be thought that I alone am interested in the good government of the church and that you are merely subjects to obey. Whatever interest you have in the work, I have also. Iran offending brother is to be brought under the censure of the church what am I but the organ of the general sense of the clergy which demands that the unclean thing shall be put away as a scandal to their order. I might consult my own ease by conniving at disorder, but you would reap the bitter fruit in the decay of your influence and in the frowning indifference if not contempt of your people. You must recognise, therefore, a joint in terest in the office of the bishop, looking upon him not as a tyrant to compel you to do what you would not, but as your own agent and instrument to carry into effect what you know to be right and wish to do, but which you could not accomplish of yourselves." Yes, work together; yes, work hand in hand. This surely must be our principle and motto, if we would carry out in ourselves the twofold message of the text, to prove the Redeemer's mission and God's love to His church, and that in His church the whole world may realise His love for all. Thus how necessary is the union with our blessed Lcrd! No wonder He prayed, for He knew so well what would be the difficulties and wants of every one of us. He knew that we could not do without Him iu whatever position we might in the providence of Godbeplaccd. Yes, great inch ed is our need of union with Him, to be perfected into one that we may be able to tread the thorny path! It was only through His sutfc- rings that the blessed Lord Himself was perfected as the captain of our salvation, ana through suffering union with him is always essential. Our need of Him is so great that if wc realise this, brethren, let us not forget the other side, where it is shown with equal truth that great as is cur need of the presence of the Lord, He also has need of us. Thus as in the Holy Gospel we read of our blessed .Lord utilising that which the little boy carried and turning it to such vast account, so may we remember that however puny may be our efforts iu the sight of Heavenly God they are a power; for God Las need of them to turn them to account in the furtherance of His work. He has need of us. Closer and closer, then, let us each and all endeavor to do honor to Him, realising above all our union with Him in that consecrated feast to which to- day again we are lux itcd; realising that wherever we go we must not be apart from Him, and realising also that however ineffectual might appear our own efforts, we " can do all things through Christ, which strengthenest us." Brethren, before I close I would fain ask you to give with special liberality to that fund for which to day your alms are invited. We are to give to-day as God has prosperedus towards the completion of the building of this cathedral, which will ever I trust stand in our midst not only, though chiefly, as a reminder to us of the worship due to our blessed Lord, the great unseen Head of the Church, but also in a lesser degree as a memorial of tbe wondrous work which has already in God's pro vidence been accomplished by the great man whom I am called upon to suc ceed, You who knew his value and know so well liis wondrous work will surely not be behindhand in attempting to promote that work which you know he has so much at heart. I will not now speak much about the cathedral. I will only just ask you in the sight of God as He has prospered you to give for the glory of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. I will ask you to give to-day liberally, because you know how much He ha3 done for us. I ask not only that you may see this as a central place of worship in the whole diocese, net only that you yourselves may some day enjoy the services in the completed cathedral, but because to-day realising your need of union with Him that you would fain give Him of your best who gave His life so lovingly for us. At the close of the sermon Dr. Kcunion, with his chaplain, and the dean and chapter, returned to the altar, and the offertory sen tences were read by the precentor, and sung by the choir, while the alms of the congre gation were being collected. The amount realised was £01, which with the evening col lection of £23, contributed £St> to tbe fund for the completion of the cathedral. After ihe prayer for the church militant the ma jority of the congregation withdrew, and the communion office was continued, about two hundred clergymen and lay communicants receiving the sacrament. At the close of the service, Yue hymn "The church's one foun Ration" was sung; as a recessional. His Excellency the Governor, Lady Robinson, and suite, ana the Chief Justice were present during the ceremony. In connection with the enfchronment it is interesting to recall that the tirst Anglican bishop of South Australia, Dr. Short, wa3 In stalled in Trinity Church, North-terrace, on December JO, 1SD, two days after his arrival on Proclamation Day, in the barque Dei went, wluch had a lib days' passage from England. The service upon the occasion was attended by about 200 people, together with the handful of clergy who formed Dr.,Snort's first working staff. PRESENTATION OP ADDRESSES. After the service the bishop was intro duced to a number of the clergy and laity at St. Larnabas Theological College, and sub sequently an adjournment was made to the library, where a presentation of address took place. The DiUJV presented to his lordship an address which had been prepared by the Synod. He remarked that the address was very brief, as it was thought that it would not be well to celebrate the arrival of the bishop by anything resembling fulsome or flattering words. The address, which was tastefully engrossed on vellum by Mr. G. Robertson, was as fol lows " To the Right Rev. George Wyndham Kenniou, by Divine permission Lord Rishop of Adelaide. Right Rev. Rather in God—We, the Synod of the diocese of Adelaide, desire to offer you a cordial and affectionate wel come on your arrival amongst us, and to assure ycu that you may rely on our co operation with your lordship in the measures you may take for the good of the church. When the Synod delegated the election of our bishop to the late revered Archbishop of Canterbury and other English bishops our prayers were offered to God that it would please Him to afford to those men Hi3 divine guidance in choosing one who would be to us a true chief pastor. We may humbly hope that those prayers were not offered in vain. The earnestness, the devotion, and the success of your ministry as a parish priest were made known to us, and we rejoice to think that the qualities which so attached to you your for mer flock will now in this diocese have a still larger field of exercise. A great work is be fore the church in this country, which can only be accomplished by the union of our tbree orders—Bishop, Clergy, and Laity. We trust that you may have such blessing on your episcopate as to cause you to rejoice that the call to be our bishop came to vou, even though it may have involved the rend ing asunder of associations that were very dear and sacrcd. We offer you a hearty welcome and the assurance of our dutiful obedience, and we arc, with all respect, your faithful servants in Christ Jesus. Signed on behalf of the Synod of the Diocese of Ade laide—A. Russell, Dean of Adelaide; Wil liam B. Andrews, lion. Canon: Charles Marry at, Archdeacon of Adelaide; George Dove,. Archdeacon of Flinders; Frank Coghlan, F. Slancy Foolc, M.A., Thomas Field, M.A,, Samuel French, J. C. Bray, Alfred Spence, C. H. T. Connor, Arthur Boulfc, C. B. Young, Geo. M. Turnbull, W. D. Seott, Nathl. Oluham, Jas. E. Cunning ham, S. Tomkinson, H. S. Anthony, William Barlow, Wm. S. Douglas, J. G. Pitcher, Augustus Sturcke, secretary standing com mittee of Synod. Church- Oiiicc, Adelaide, March 7,1SS3." His Lokdsjiii- replied a3 followsMy reverend brethren, my brethren of the laity, I think it very kind of you to wel come me in this manner on the first day when in an official manner I appear before you as your chief pastor. -The dean just now in his kind words alluded to the fact that the address was brief. I think it is possible you will forgive me if I make an even more brief reply, The day lias already been to a great extent trespassed upon by myself in particular, and I have to perform other duties which are likely to occupy a good deal of time. But I cannot let this occa sion pass without saying a few words in reply to the kind address which you have presented to mc. No one could be more as tonished than myself when I opened the letter from the Archbishop of Canterbury, telling me that I had been unanimously ap pointed to the bishopric that was then vacant. He expressed the hope in bis letter that I should sec my way to undertaking the burdon which lie with those who had been associated with him proposed to place upon my shoulders. Eut it is a very difficult thing for a man when so suddenly lie hears of such important work being offered to bim to know exactly what to do. Terhaps you will not blame me if I tell you what course I took under the cir cumstances. I thought that the advice cer tainly of a scholar ought to be obtained, be cause, as I mentioned in ray sermon, I could make no claim to any academical distinction. I therefore consulted Dr. Yaughun, Master of the Temple, knowing that no friends are so critical as the friends of one's youth. I next went to an old schoolfellow, to know if he thought that I should accept this offer. I also went because I knew what advantages one who travels with another has to discover his faults and failings, to an old companion who travelled with me many hundreds of mile3 on the continent. I also went to my own bishop, and then to the dean and great Archbishop of Canterbury. It so happened that they all thought that I ought to go, and the Ar chbishop in particular pressed it on mc as a duty that he said I ought not to escape. Under these circumstances I saw that my enly course was to waive my own feelings in the matter completely, and, although as I indicated in my sermon this morning, I felt most'.keenly, from the greatness of my predecessor, the difficulties of the work that lay before so young a man as myself, I do feel that I can count upon your sympathy; that you are willing to extend to me the right-hand of fellowship ; that your heart is with me; and tnat you arc ready to stand snouider to shoul der by me and help rae through whatever may he the duties—onerous or light—which devolve on me, and which I shall hope and en deavor to discharge, For all this I do most heartily and deeply thank God, and I also most cordially thank you. I know that coming amongst you, where there are many men wiser, older, and more experienced than myself, it might seem almost pre sumptuous to allow myself to he placed at your head. But, as I wrote to the dean, when St. Paul was advising Timothy to let no man despise youth he went on to add plain inti mations as to how that danger might be avoided. It was by treating the older men as fathers and the younger men as brethren that he might avoid the difficulty. Iu this way I hope 1 may—please God—count on all of you as my friends. What I can give you iu the way of work shall certainly be at your service. The experience which in God's providence I have had in the multifarious and diverse duties I have performed will also be at your disposal. I only pray God that the kindness and sympathy that yon arc showing I may prove myself not unworthy of: that I may he able in sonic measure to be of use to you is of course my most constant prayer; and I think that I have already learned that I may depend upon your warmest kindness and your help. (Applause.) Mr. if. H. (lion, secretary to the Church of England Sunday-school Uuton) irad the following address To the liigiit Bev. George Wyndliam Kenuion, D.D., l.c-rd Bishop of Adelaide, llight ltev. Bather in God—In the name of 5,000 Sun day-school children, taught by some 000 icachers, in the Diocese of Adelaide, we members of the Church of England Sunday school Union wish to approach your lord ship upon your arrival iu South Australia with an earnest expression of filial respect for the high office you come among us to fill. In the ticiirgs which have reached us of your important labors in England we have noticed with great satisfaction that the Sunday-school work of the church has always had in your lordship a prominent and zealous supporter. This inspires U3 with strong confidence that those of your lord ship's flcc-k w hom we represent will be looked upon with special interest by you. Wc venture to Lope that in the position of president of our union, which you hold by virtue of your office, you will so far as your varied episcopal duties allow, assist and direct us by your wisdom and experience in the details of Sunday-school organisation. Should your lordship find it impracticable to afford us very much of your time we shall be sustained and encouraged by knowing that we have your warm personal sympathy and a place in your prayers. With a hearty welcome from the Sunday-schools of your diocese, we are, your lordship's obedient and faithful ser vants in Christ— C. Marryat, M.A., W. B. Andrews, T. Field, M.A.. E. S. Poole, M.A., Ercd. T. Whitington, W. Warner, W. J. Lapidge, II. D. Holmes, W. H. Holmes, J. C. B. Moncrieff, G. W. J. Thornton, hou. treasurer, Fiank II. Garter, lion, secretary, executive committee Church of England Sun day-school Union, South Australia." His Lov.bsiui' in replying, said—Venerable sir, reverend brethren, and brethren of the laity—I must thank you again moat waimly for this address, and I feel thai in the subject on which you have now addressed me, I have more right to he at home than I Lave in that on which I spoke just now. In our own parish wc had about 1,700 Sunday scholars and teachers, and in the parish to which I previously belonged w-c also had very large numbers, while during the time I was diocesan inspector of schools in the diocese of York, that is, inspector of religious in struction in schools, I examined about 30,000 children a year, in the knowledge of element ary theology. I only mention this in corro boration of your remarks that I am not alto gether without experience in the work which I am glad to find you are so warm in pro moting. I do not know what work a bishop can be fitted for if in trying to follow the Chief Shepherd he does not care fo the lambs of the flock. At least I can say that they have niy warmest love; at least I can say that in any measure I may be able tQ assist- you, you can command my services. I know of no class more widely deserving of sympathy than Sunday-school teachers. Sun any by Sunday they give up the leisure that others price so dearly for work that is always laborious and sometimes disappointing, and which oven to the ablest among them presents considerable difficulty. Yet they persevere. They do not, I know, always sea the reward that they would like l o see. hut they cannot forget that He who so loved children as to say to His disciples "Salter littlo children to corac unto me and forbid tliemr.ot, forof such is the kingdom of heaven He who folded in Itis arms a little child from whom He would teach his disciples a lesson ; He who told those touching parables of a shepherd's care—surely watches their work with an undying interest and an eternal prayer. You have the sympathy not only of all good men in the Lord, but in an especial manner of our own dear Lord in heaven Himself. You may be sure that your woric is cared for by Him; and I doubt not- that you have fciuvl this already—that in striving to teach those who are young you have your self been taught, and in blessing others you have yourselves been,blcsseu. You tell me that I am officially the president of vour union. There are few offices in this diocese with which I should like myself to be con nected so much as with this one. 1 do not know what time I can give to it, and it would be rash for me to attempt, SDy kinu cf forecast, but so far as pressure of duties will admit, I can assure you that you yvill have not only my heartiest but uiy lirst work. (Applause.) Mr. G. IV. Coj.e (hon. sec. of the Total Abstinence League), then read the following address in the presence of several members of that body :--"May it please your Lordship— The committee of the ti.A, Total ivbsfciueuce League and Band of Hope, together with other branches of the temperance cause, desire to extend to your lordship our most cornial welcome. In doing so they would express joy and thankfulness that you should have been called to this province as successor to the Right Rev. IV. Short in the see of Adelaide. Our organisation is completely unseetarian, wauy of those whom wc represent being members of the various Christian churches. Nevertheless we cannot but feel deeply interested in the pros perity of the Anglican Episcopalian Church, and can testify to the love and esteem in which her clergy are held. Tlio great in fluence^ which your lordship will possess for good within the boundaries of your extensive diocese ;s to us a most pleasing feature. Having already been assured by report of the interest you have taken in the promotion of the social, moral, and spiritual welfare of the people, this leads us to anticipate that- your sympathies and influence will be given to strengthen the hands of those who in this province are working for the suppression of intemperance and its causes. It is our most arduous wish that your lordship may long he spared to occupy the exalted offiee you now till; that the church may greatly prosper under your pastoral care ; and that your residence amongst us may prove a source of happiness to yourself unci the colony generally.—We are your most obe-dient servants—ilea. J. Pickering (president of league), John Murray Dowic (chairman of executive), G. \V. Oale (hon. secretary); David Nock, V,'. \7. Win wood, Reuben Gill, and S. J. Wiiitmore (members of committee); John Rodgcrs and Edward Alcoek (of S.A. District 1.0,11.); Cbas. II. Matters, II. J. Ptrrdv (Albert Dis trict of I. O.R.); 0. Fuller, \Y. ,i. Lapidge (Sons of Temperance); W. 15. Stephens, D. D. Troup (Right Worthy Grand Lodge of the World).'' The address, which is neatly embellished, is the wcik of Mr. G. M, Cole, and was, we learn, executed with the pen only, on cart ridge paper. The capitals are in Greek text, and the whole address is surrounded by au appropriate though somewhat novel border. His Loni>;sfin" replied as follows :—Gentle men—I have to thank you very heartily for your most kindly and cordial welcome, a welcome which I can assure you is not the less gratifying, because in a great measure it come from those who are not members of the Church of England. I fully recognise that we have this great work to do in common, ar.cl where we can work hand in hand to gether I am sure that we shall be only too thankful to prove that we have the same cause at heart. The tempevauce work has attracted the most absorbing interest in all classes of society. Supposing that you take the army, you hear what has been said about it by Lord Wolselev, but let us take what used to be said in such books as " Charles O'Malley," showing the druuken noss that used to exist in the avmy-'during the Peninsula war, and you cannot fail to ho struck with the immense strides that tem perance has made there. Then if you think of the wonderful work Miss "Western has been able to do amongst sailors you will iind that a large number of seamen, who were supposed to be particularly addicted to intemperate habits, have become total abstainers. You will find further that the Blue Ribbon Army has marched on with a degree of success which could never have been expected by its founders. The formation of so many Binds of Hope bears testimony to the spread of the cause amongst the young, and the Church of England Temperance Society, with its two fold platform of total abstainers and tho3o who only wish to use the gifts of God iu proper moderation, has so large a hold upon the people of England that I believe that ia coming budgets you will find that the temperance cause will he a very strong factor indeed, I was reading in the Daily Chronicle the other day that Lord Kartington had fully promised to redeem the pledges of the Go vernment to deal with the licensing question. He suggests that the necessary machinery for control may be provided by the County Government Bill, and thus afford the neoolo some means of greater control over t'ue grant ing of new licences. Every one, I should think, must hope that the present Govern ment, which is so popular and so powerful in England, may be able to deal with this question at once. There are plenty of evi dences that the work is telling everywhere. I do net know whether it is the case iu Ade laide, but in England I know it is the ca3e, that if you wish to get up a really large and popular meeting it must bo on temperance. (Laughter, and hear, hear*.) I do not know whether this is also the case in Adelaide, bub in England vast numbers of working men who have not in any way attached themselves to any society, are still to all intents and purposes teetotallers. Tho parish in which 1 had the privilege to work for the last few years was composed of about 12,000 people, of whom at least 11,000 were members of the working classes. You would, I tliink, be astonished if you went amongst them to find bow large a number of those who had attached themselves to uo society carefully abstained from touching intoxi cating liquor. I think it may not be ueees sary for all of us to become abstainers; in deed it is not- possible that all should be so, because in spite of all that doctors say as to alcohol being unnecessary for purposes of health, there are nevertheless some people who find that they are the better for taking some of it in moderation. Though I do not come here as a total abstainer—and I a;u sorry that a report has got abroad that I am one—for I do not like to contradict it, I have long been a member of the Church of England Temperance Society, and I have found this an admirable rule, on which I wish we could persuade many others to act, viz., that never to touch any intoxicating beverage at any time whatever except at meal times is a sure preventative against-any excess. I do not think we can do better than to persuade those who cannot see their waj" clear to becoming total abstainers to adept some such rule as that-. The new Archbishop of Canterbury has just been ap pointed, I suppose you know, the president of the Church of England Temperance So ciety, and is a warm supporter of the cause. The new Bishop of Tasmania has been for a long time a total abstainer, and I think that you will find that a large number of the bishops in England a3 well as the clergy are, if net total abstainers, next door to it, for thc-y take hardly anything at all. But for a man to become a total abstainer and make a boast of it, and then to be obliged to give it up, is a great blow not only to the cause but to himself; and I know of one leader in the temperance cause who feel so acutely the order of his physicians that be must go back to the moderate use of alcohol, after he had been ordered by them to leave it off, that he now hardly likes to go to any temperance meeting at all. He said to me before I left England that be felt it was hardly right for him-to speak of the cause at ail since his failure in being obliged to return to intoxi cants. So that you will, with me, gather from these things that it is not wise for per sons like myself to say I am beginning at once as a total abstainer, and that you may look on meas one. I should not like to take the position in sncli ranks as those, and then have to fall back from them. But so far as a real heartfelt sympathy with the cause, and so far as a consciousness of the evils of intemperance urge me forward, I can say this—that you will not only have my constant prayer> and what ever sympathy 1 possess, but in any way in which you think I can be made of use to you in advancing the cause you have at heart, you may certainly command my services. EVENSONG. Evensong was sung at half-past 7 o'clock, the processional being hymn No. 81)3 (A. and M.) Bridge's service in C was used for the canticles, and the anthem was by Sir John Gossi The cathedral was filled, not a vacant seat being observable, and His Lordship Dr Kencicn again preached. He took his text from Psalm exxxiv., v. 3—"The Lord that made heaven and earth bless thee out of Zion." His Lordship in opening liis discourse pictured the hordes of pilgrims in the early days-going up to Jerusalem to worship at the temple, "and said that doubtless the words oE his text when first- heard, by many of them seemed to be an Interpretation of all their longings and wants, and when they entered His holy place they felt that He who made heaven and earth had blessings in store for them. Ko doubt the same truth came frequently to those who were then assembled in that beautiful cathedral, and how thankful a man was when he felt the light of God's peace, felt safe from the storm without, and stood side by side with those who believed in God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He at once gathered fresh strength and help from God, and he, his lordship, coming to worship with them that evening, felt tnose feelings, and he thanked the Almighty, who had given him the chance of doing so much for His glory and honor. Dr. Kennion then alluded in feeling terms to the energy, zeal, and wisdom which had charactised his revered predecessor, Dr. Short, and said he was fully alive to the difficulties he would meet with in following in the steps of such a worthy man. His lordship next spoke of the various festivals of the church, and showed in eloquent terms bow they tended to elevate the religious mind of a man if he fully believed in the doctrines as laid down by Jesus Christ. The promises of God tons were next dealt with, and His willingness to pardon sinners was brought forcibly before the congregation. Finally, bis lordship exhorted them to treasure up the words of the text, and for each one of them to take them as applying individually to him self. The service concluded with the reces sional hymn No. 30. 