DONAi GRANT, BY GEORGE MACBONALD. Aothoe ov Akc Poshes, Maujolit, Sec., & c. Chaptbb XXIII. As the clock upon the schoolroom 'chimney-' piece -was -striking tho hour for lessons, Arotura entered, and, as If sho had been a pupil from the first, sat flown at the tahle with Davie. Donal set before her a copy .of Euclid, and ap- pointed nor .a tssic as no imgtit any other pupil, and she began at onoo to loitn it. After » -while, so brief that Davie stared incredulous, she said, "If you please, Mr. Grant, I think I oould bo questioned upon it now ;" and a vary few moments Bufficod to show Donal that sho thoroughly understood what she had been learning, HoBct her then alittlo more, and so the afternoon went— much to the delight of Davie, who thought it delightful to have cousin Arkio for a follow pupil That .Buch- liko intollootual occupation must greatly sub- servo Lady Arotura's health, .both of .body and mind, .Donal before tho afternoon -was ovor, had .not a doubt left. It was enough to see with what entire devotion she gave herself to tho work set her.; and ho was glad at hoart for lier.sake, believing that oil koowlodgo helps to tho knowing of God by one who already knows Ma), inasmuch as there is nothing tD bo known but has its boipg in Him. But .lie .could not help thinking also what a superior nature hers must be, seoing that, after the .strango and dreadful .things sho had been going through that very morning, sho was yet able to work so calmly at imattcrs-cf the mere intellect ; not many women, and just as few men, ho thought, would have been capable of it School over, and Davie gono to Ms rabbits, " Mrs. Brookes invites lis to liit-n , with her," said Lady Arctura,. "I askod her to ask us. So if yon do not mind, Mr. Grant, you bad better make a good tea, aud we shall not hare dinner to- day. You seel want to shorten the hours of tho night as much as I can, and not go to bed till I am quite sleepy. You don't mind, do you ?" ' I, am very glad, and you aro very aviso, my lady," responded Donal. " I .quite approve of the plan, and shall bo dolightod tospoud ns much of -tho night in Mrs, Brookes's parlor as you please." "Don't you Chink wo had better tell her nil' about it?" | "As yon judge fit, my lady. The secret is in no BonBe mine; it is only yours, and tho' eooacr it ceases to bo a secret tho hotter far all of un, I venture to think." "I have bat one reason for dolcy," she re turned. "I nood -hardly tell you -what that as 1" I "You would avoid any risk of annoying' your undo, I prcoumo," "Yes; I cannot quite -tell bow lie might toko it, but I know be would not like it. It is perhaps natural that a nan' like him should think of himself as having the first and real authority in he house, but there aro many reasons why I should not giro way to that." ' " There aro indeed !" assented Donal " Still, I ehouid bo sorry to offend him more than I can help. If . he were n man like my father, I ehouid never dream of going against bis liking in anything ; I -should in foot leave -everything to Mm as long as be ploased to t&ko; interest in what was going on. Bat yon know, boing tho man bo is, that would bo absurd, I must not, I dare not lot him manage my affairs for mo much iougcr, I must understand for myself, for' surely that was my father's design, bow things are going with my tenants 1" " Yon will not, I hope,- dn anything without the advice, I should say tlio presence, of a lawyer," said Donai— " I moan in cunforenco With your uncle I" " Do you say so !" " I do indeed, I think it would bo very un desirable. I fear I havo less oonfidencc in your uncio ilian you hnvo !" Arctura mado no reply, and Donal grew afraid Bho did not liko his having ventured an opinion about hor uncle ; but the next moment Bho looked up with a sad smile, and said, " Well poor man. i we must not begin com paring our opinions aboat . Mm ; ho is my father's brother aftor all, and I shall bo glad if I got through without offendiug him. But I know iqy father would be far from satisfied if I left everything to Mm just as if bo had not left everything to me. I cannot help think ing that, if he bad been another sort of man, my father would have loft the estate to bun, J. .wonder they got en together so well as they did." Donal did not care to say what ho thought about this — which was that very likely the earl had been cunning enough to present at least a modified character to his brother. Ho must havo blinded him -somehow ; for how else oould thoso things of which Mrs. Brookes had spoken to him hove .gono on in the houso ; whilo doubtless tha state of tho lata earl's health had tendered the thing easier? At nine o'clock they were in the bonne- keeper's room — a low-ceiled, bat rather large roam, lined almost all round .with oak presses, which wero Mrs. Brookes's doiight, for sho had more than usual now a days of the old fashioned housekeeper about her. She welcomed them as if she had been in her own house, and made an excellent hostess, presiding over a Scotch supper of minced collops and mashed potatoes, to wliioli .she had added somo splendid coffee, on tho making of wMch she prided herself. Nor were her guests loth to portoko of f(, for neither of them hod any do- sire to shorten their time together, or fQarad being kept awako. Upon .the -coffee waited scones of the true sort, just ouch as Donal'a inotlior would occasionally make for tho greatest kind of treat tlicy over bad ; and ho thought it the nicest meal lie had bad since leaving homo. Mrs. Brookes would have had him, aftor old, or at least time honored custom, mix himself a glass of toddy, in which she would have liked to share in a modest fashion, bnt Donalwould not ; his another was preva lent still ; and far his pirn part he never liked his higher to bo operated upon from his lower. He felt then as if possessed by a false or at least not quite real self, and as I say did not liko it. But tho root of his dislike lay in the teaobing of his mother. Unlike not a few young mem and women too, be was proud to have learned this or that from Ms father or mother ; it was to him a patent of nobility, a vouchor that ho was honorably descended j of his birth ho was as nraud as anv num. And this night, arising from his refusal to make himself a tumbler of toddy, the conversation took euch a turn that, to Arctnra's delight, ho was led on to talk about his father and mother, and tlio surroundings of his childhood. He told bor alt about tbo life be had led ; how at one timo ho kept cattle in tlie fields, at another sheop on the mountains ; bo told her how he had come to be sent to eoliogc, and then camo afi the story about Sir Arthur Galbraith; and the night wore on, and Arctura was en chanted. For himself Donal found it a greater pleasure than he had dared hope for to call back tho history which already seemed so far heMndhhn; far he found that he could more oasily than ho had expected leave out the part concerning himself which he could not toll ; though it had seemed to him all Mb life latterly, and inextricabily mingled with that of his friends, he found as ho told that it was nowioc ncoeaaary to (be understanding of the rest. But iudoed it snrprlsedblm to find also how calmly he could now contemplate what had scorned at one timo to threaten an over- lnating winter of tlie soul Nor was tho dis covery a pain, as he certainly would have found it had it come of Ms ceasing to core for Lady Galbraith ; she was his truest friond, whom he oould trust with anything ; the dearest of sisters, whom .ha would rather now, so true and lovely was the relation .between them, have for a sister than for a wife. It was for the bettor thing that sho should bo Gib- bio's wife and Donal's sister. When they .got to heaven, she would give him the kiss she had refusod Mm down in the granite quarry. Ho had fallen into a brief brown Btudy over these things, when all at ones a Bound- of knocking fell on his ear. He started. There twos -something in it that affeotod him strangely. Neither of his companions took any notice of it. Yct.it was now past oho o'clock. It was liko a knocking, three or four times, with tho irniii'iciM oi tUtf U1AUU -UgtUUtih (UQ .OGUCT .tUUO 01 j tho wall of tho ream. " What. can that be ?" he said, listening for more. "H'atd ye never.. that afore, maistcr Grant?" j said the housekeeper. " I hoe grown saouacd 1 tii't that .my Pars hardly tak notioe o't !" " What is it ?" asked Donal "Ay, what is't? Tell yo me that, cien yn can," she returned. " It's jist a ohappin', an' ; God's trowth that's a' J ken aboot the eamo I It comos, I boliovo I'm safe to say, ilka niclit; but I couldna tak my alth upo' 't, 'cause I hao ! sao entirely oeosed to pay attention til't There's -queer things aboot many an auld hooao, Mr, Grant, that'll -tak tho day o' jadg- 1 meat to oxplain. But they comeaa nearer uo 1 nor the ithor sido o' the wa', sao far as I ken ; an' sao lang as thoy keop to tholr. ain side o' that, I dinna see tlmt I nood trihio my hoid aboot them, Mony nichts I couldna say I h'ard them at a' ; yot I dinna doobt thoy liao boon, a' tho same. Eftor tho oxporienco I lmd as a yoong lass, awa' doon in Englan' yoifcr, at a plaoe my. auntie got mo intil — for she konnod a lioap o ' grand fowk throu bein' her- col' sao near connooklt wi' thom as hoosokocper i' this samo cnstol— after that, I'm sayin I waana need to t)o that easy acar'ot J" 9 'P t>1"8bout W ««d Lady Arctura, I don t think you ever told me." " No, my dbar lady, I wad no'ver hao thocht o telhn ye ony aio story, sae Jang as ye was owcr yoong no to bo frightit at it, for 'deed I think they re muckio to blame that tolls bairns I tho varra things they're an fit to boar, an' sae ; tlio droidgota fixt ofore tho sense comes. 3uj I's toll jre tlie xmo, gin ye' wad like to heart. It 8 maybe a some awsomo story, but there's something unpo fulish like intil't as wool, canna say I think rauckle o' cratursthst trible their hoids aboot their lioids— but that's tellin' nforehan'.'V . Hero tho good woman paused thoughtfully. "I am longing to hoar your story, lira Brookes," said Donal, thinking she waitod for somo encouragement, " I'm hut thinkiu' hoo to login," she re turned, "sao as to gioye tho riclit baud o' the \- thing at aace— Tin thinkin' I canna do boltor nor jist toil 't as it cam to mysel' I Weel ye see, I was hut a yooug lass, aboot weol I micht hao been twenty or see, inair or less whan I gaed till the place I speak o'. It was awa' upo' tho borders o' Wales, liko as gien folk ower there .i' Berth war doobtfu' wliother sic or. sic a place was i' tho hiolan's or lowlan's. The maistcr o' tlie hoose was a yoong man awa' upo' 's travels, I konna whaur— some upo' the continent, but thar's a muokle word an' as he had tho intention o' bein' awa' for some time to come, no carin' that muckio to settle doon an' luik cftcr Ms niu ; there was hut ae gey auld womau to lioosekeep, an' me to help her, an' a man or twa aboot tho place to luik eftor the garden — an' that was a'. The place was to let, an' was put intil the ban's o' alio o tnao agents, as they ca' them, for that : same purpose — to bo let, that ib, for a term o' years._ Weel ae day there earn a gentleman to luik at the place, an' lie -was sao weel pleased wi' 't, as weel he micht, for eh, it was a bonny place — ayo lanchin' like, whaur this place is ayo i' the sulks ! — Na, no aye, I dinna mean that, my lady, forgottin' at it's , yours I j Bnt yo maun own it taka a heap A sunllcht to gar this auld hoose liero luik anything hut some dour — an' I bog ycr pardon, iny lady." "You aro quito right, mistress Brookes i" said Arotura, with a sinile. "If at were -not for you iu it, it would be dour, dour." But with that she cast a lank nt Donal, as much as to say, " I did not mean not to in clude you I" " You do not know how much I don't believo mistress Brookes herself knows iiow much— I owo to hor, Mr. Grant I I must havo gone ont of my mind for very dreariness if it had not boon for her." " That I could easily imagine," said Donal j nnd Mrs. Brookes began again. " The short an' tlio long o' 't was that the place was lot on' taon, muckio to tho satis faction o' baith parlies, I mak nae doobt ; nnd it was nrranged that not only should tlio auld hoosckecpor, -she bain' n fixtur like, should bide, but that I should bide as weal and ns nfore, under tbo hoosokeopor, an' liaein' nacthing to do wi' tlio stranger sorvan's." " An' sao tliey cam. There was a gentleman o' a middle age, wi' his leddy some yoongor nor hiniael,' hau'some but not bonnio — only that has naething to do wi my talo, and I necdna tak up yer time, for it's growin' somo late." " Never mind the time, mistress Brookes," said Arctura ; " we can do just as wo please with that. One time is as good as another— isn't it, Mi. Grant ?" " One who has often staid out on tho hill all night," Baid Donal, "is not likely to fancy it a duty to go to bed at a certain hour. I some times sit im half tho nirht mvsolf. I like to know what God's night is like. Only it won't do often, for -we have no right to -make God's brain into a stupid, ill- working thing, like a watch that won't go," " It's satr upsottin' to tho work, though," said the housekeeper. "1 wonder what the house would ho liko if I was to do that, and sleup In the next mornin' 1" " Of course wo must all mind what is re quired of -us, if wo would take any freedoms with a good conscience," said Donal. "But this will never do for our story -I Do go oi), please, Mrs. Brookee." " Weel, sir, an' my lady, I m ready to sit up till the cocks hao dune crawin', an" the day has duno dawin', gien It be to please the ane orthetwa o' ye-i an' Bae for my truo talo ! — Thoy war verra daoent, weel-bdhavct Court wi' a fine faimily, somo grown-an' somegrowin', aboot them. It was jist a fawvour to see sic a halesome clan — frae auohteen or thereawa doon to a weo toddlin' lassie, was tlie verra apple o' the e'o to a' the e'en aboot the place. Bat that's neither hero nor yet there 1 A' gaed on jist as it should gang on urhanr tho servau's are no ower gran' for their -Bin wart nor ower meddlesome wf the work o' their neebors ; naetliing -was neglookit, nor ony thing girned aboot ; an' a was peaee an' hermony, as it gangs 1' the nnld sang about bonny K-ilmony — that is, till ae nioht. — -Ye see I'm tellin' yo as it cam' to mysel' an1 no til onither ? "As I lay i' my bed that niolit, an' ye .may be euro at my age I lay nao longer nor jist to turn mo owcr anoo, an' In ginoral no that once— jist as I was fa'in' asleep, up gat sio a xnmago i' tho servan's ha', jist anoth whaur j I was lyin, that I thocht wi' mysol', what up<f barth's camo to tho placet Glen it bona the day o' judgment, troth it's no tho flay o ama' things 1 . 1 said. It was as gion ' . the ohcers and tablos tbegithor war bein' j xoutit oot d the places, an' Byno Bet barik Again, an tho tables turnt heels oworheiu, bit a' tho glaiss an' a' the plate for the donnor lmoclrit aboot as gien thoy had boon sao mony hsfistanes that wnrna wantit ony rnair, but micht jist lie whaur thoy foil. I oouldna for tho lifo o' mo think what it micht betoken, save an excop' -a general frenzy had ssizofl upo' every man an' woman 1' tlio Jiooso I I got np in a hurry ; whatever was gnon' on, I wadna willingly . gang withoot my Bbaro'i Arf jiat aB I opened my door, I hoard tho piaistar cry — What I' tlio name o' a' tliat'slioly, says ho, ' Is the moonin' o' this 1 An I ran till Mm oot o' tho passage an' through the Bwing- door into tho groat corridor, an' says I, "dood sir, I was jist won'orih' ! an' wi' yer leave, sir, I'll gang an see,' I said, gatlieriu my Bliawl aboot mo as weel ns I could to liido what was anoth it, or rather what wama anoth it, for I hndnathnt muckio on. But, anya ho, 'No, no? yon must not go ; who knows wbat.lt may bol I'll go myself- Thoy may bo robbers, and tho mon fighting them. You stop where you are."1 Bayin' that, ho was half-way down tha stair, I followed him as far as tho top, and stood thoro, looking down and hearkening, nnd tho noise still going on. But ho could -hardly havo iron tUo lon'th o tho ball whan It stopplt a at fracoan a'thegither. Yo may think what a fltn it maun hae been, whan I toll yo tlio quaiofe that cam npo' tho heelfl o't jiat aeomod to sting oytwalugs. The samo moment I h'ard tho gnoister cry in til me to come doom I ran, an rrhan I reaohod the eervon's ha' whaur bo stood list insido the door, I' glowered, for wad ye bolieve mo, tho place was as d&ccnt; and quiet as ony kirkyard i' the muinlicht 1 1'hcro vrosna a thing oot o' its placo, nor an air o dust, nor the sma'est diaordor to bo seen I A tho things luikit aa giou thoy bad sattlot them- sol's to sleep as usual, an bad slocpit till wo pam an' waukit thom.' Tho maister glowcrfc tit mo, an' I glowert at the maiflter. But a bo said was; 'A false alarm, ye see, Koso !' An1 what lio thooht I canna tell, but wi'oot anither word wo turn't, an' gacd up tho stair again thegi titer. "Whan we war ot tho tap o' tho stair, whanr & long passage ran awa' intil tho dark afore's — they ca'd it tho corridor — for tho can'lo the tnalater carried flang na licht half tray to the en' o' 'i, froe odt o' the mirk on a euadent cam to meet 'b a rampaugin' an' a ratlin' like o' a score o' nowt rinnin' awa wi' their iron tethers aboot their necks — sic a rattlin' o' iron chains as ye never h'ard ! an' a groanin' an & gruntin' jiat fearsome. Again wo stood an' luikit at ano anither ; an my Word, bnt noo tho matstcr's face was enough to fricht a body o' itself1, l&t; alane tho thing wo h'ard an' saw naething to accoont for 1 < Gang awa' back to yer bod,' Rose, ho said ; tthis'll nover do.1 1 And boo are yo to help it, sir?' said I, 'That I cannot toll,' answered he; but I wouldn't for the world yoar mistress beard at. I left her fast asleep, and I hopo she'll sleep through it. Did you ever hear anything strange about tho house before wo came ?' Nevor, air,' said I, 'as sure as I ston' hore ahivorln' — for tho nicht was i' tho simmer, an Warm to that degreo ! on' yet 1 was shiverin' as gion I was i' the cauld fit o' a fever, an' my moo' wad hardly consent to male tho words X soucbt to framo. "Wo stood that way for a minute or twa, fin' thero was naething mair, an' by degrees wo grow a kin' o' oshamet, like as gion we war dootfu wo had b'ard ony thing ; an' whon he said to mo gang to my bed a second time, I gacd to my boo, an wasna lang upo1 tho road, lor foar I wad hoar something mair, an' intil my bed, an' my hoid 'aneth the clacs, an' lay tnm'Uu. But there was nao mair o' 't that nicht, an' I wasna ower mucklo owercomo to fa' asleep. r "I' tho mornin' I tollt the hoosckcepor a' aboot It ; but alio hild her tongue in a moinner that was, to say tho least o1 't, varra strange to me. Bho didna laugh, nor yet say the thing was nonsense, but sho jist h'ard an' h'ard an saidna a word. I thocht wi myscl', Is't pos sible she disna boliovo mo ? but X couldna mak that oot aither. Sne as she hcild her tongue, X jist pu'd tho bridle o' mine, an' voocd there should be never another word said by mo till eho spak hcrsel'. An' I wad Buno hao had cneuch o' haudin' my tongue, but I hadna to baud it to ouybody bnt her ; on' I cam to tho conclusion that sho was feart o' bein speirt questions by thorn that had a richt to spoir them, for that Bhe had h'ard o something afore, an' kenned mair nor she was at liberty to speak aboot. "But that was only tho beginnin', an' littlo to what followed 1 for frao that nicht thero was na eo nicht passed but soma one or twa dis turbit ; an' whiles wi' some it was past a' bidin. The noises, an' the rum'lin's, an' abuno a' tho clankin1 o' chains, that gaed on i' that boose, an' tho groans, an' the cries, on' whiles the whustlin', on' what was moist waur nor a', the lauohln', was something dreidfu', a' ayont believin' to ony but them that was intil't. I sometimes think that maybe tho terror o1 't males it luik waur i' the recollection nor it was ; but I canna keep my senses an doobt there Wasna something a'tbegither by ord'n&r; i the affair. An whan, or long, it cam to tho know lodgo o' the !ndv, an' sho was waukit up at nicht, an' h'ard the thing, whatever it was that mado it a', an' syne whan the bairns was waukit up, an' aye the romage, noo i' this room, noo i' that, sae that tho leovin' wad be cryin' as lood as tho deld, though they could ill mak sic a din it was beyond beirin', an' the maister made up bis min' to bide nao langer, but to flit at anoe, come o' 't what micbt 1 "For, asloucht to hao telltye,hohad written to tho owner o' tho hooso, that was my ain maister, for It was nae uso sayiu' onytblng mair to tho agont, wha only leucht an' dcclaret It maun be Bomo o his ain folk that was playin1 tricks on him — which it augcrt him to hear, bin' as impossible as it was fauso — sao wrote Btraucht awa to his landlord, as I say ; but, as he Was travcllin aboot on the oontinont, be supposed oithor tliat tho letter had not reached him, and nover would reach him. or that ho Was sholterin' himsel' under the iuca that thoy would think he had nover had it, no wantln to move In the matter. But tho varra day ho had madehp his min' that nothing should mako him spend another weak in Hie noose, for Monday nights were always tho waur, there did come a letter from tho gontlomau, sayln that only that samo boor that he was writin' had ho re ceived tho maister's letter ; and ho was sorry bo had not had it before, but prayed ldra to put up with things till he got to him, and ho Would start at tho furthest in two days more, and would set tho thing right in less fciino than it would tako to toll him what was amiss. A strange enough letter to bo euro 1 Harpor, that was their bntlor, told mo he had read ©very word of it — as strango as anything cko in tho business t Perhaps we in tho scr vaota hall would never have h'ard onything o' ft this, but that tho servan's thcmscl's wcro ft deolarin1 that, If tho family did not move, thoy must ; for not to mention tho torrors o the nicht, tho want o rest was like to ruin Ihem altogether ; so whon tho master got a gloain of comfort, ho folt bound by necessity to sharo It with tho rest o' the hoosehold ; and that was hoo wo wero a' on tholookoot for tho ftppearanco o oor promised deliverer, wha was too cocksure o sottin' things richt again. ' 41 Weel, at last, and that was in a verra fow cays, though thoy luikit lang to somo I' that boose, ho appearit— a nico luikin gentleman, wi' sao aweot a srailo that it wasna hard to be lieve whatevor ho tellt yo. An' ho had a licht airy way wi' him that was, to us op- pre9a't craturs, strangely comfortin', only it was 111 to boliovo that no could really ken what bad been a' this tlmo goln' on i' tho hooso, ftnd treat it in that caey fashion I Hooover, an noo, Mr. Grant, an my lady, I hao to toll yo what tho butler told mo, for I wasna pre sent to hear for mysol'. Maybo he wouldna J? at mo» ut that ho wasn't on old man, a ih i twIco my Qff0» ftnd 80omt faftV0 fken ft tln to me, though it novor camo tp any- thing ; and as I woe always coovll to any por- that was cecvil to me, and never wont further than was becomin', ho made me tho return on that occasion of tollin1 mo whet ho know. " Tho young gontlomnn, the landlord, I moan, was to stop to lunch with tho master, ana in the mcantimo would havo a gloss of wino and a biscuit j and niillln' a bunch of keys out of his pocket, told Mr. Harper to take a certain one and go to hit wine cellar and bring up a bottle from a certain bin. Harper took tho key, and was juBt going out of tho room, when lie heard the visitor — though in truth ho was raoro at homo thero than any of Us heard him Bay, I'll toll you what you've beon doing, air, and yon'll toll mo whether I'm not right ! Ilearin' that, tho butler drow tho door to, but mado no hosts to leavo it, and so beard tho rest of tho convorsation between tho two gentlemen. I'll tell you what you've been doin', saye ho. Didn't you find a man's head — a Bknll I mean, upon tho premises ? Well, yes, I believe wo did, whon I think of it, eays tho master ; for my batlcr — and there was the butler outsldo a listenln' to tho wholo tale ! — my butler came to mo savin', Hook here, sir, this is what I found in a little box In tho collar, closo by the door o£the wine cellar 1 It's a skull ! Oh, said I — it was the master that was - epeakin', — it'll be somo medical Btudcnt in tho family has brought it to tho house I So he asked me what ho had better do with it. And you told him, interrupted tho gentleman, to bury it 1 I did ; it seemed tho proper thing to do. I hadn't a doubt of it, said the gentleman ; that is tho cause of nil tho disturbance. That ? saye tho master. That, and nothing olse ! answers tho gentle man. And with that, as Harper confessed when he told me, there camo over liim such a horror that he daured uae langer stan' at tho door, but for gojn' down to the collar to fetch the bottlo of wine that was merely beyond his Jiuman faculty. I mot him on tho stair as white as a sheet, an' ready to drop. What's tho matter, Mr. Harpor ? said I j and ho told me all about it. Come along, I said ; wo'll go to tho collar together ! It's broad daylight, and there's nothing to hurt us. 80 wo wont down. There, that's tbh box the horrid thing was lyin' in ! said be, as we camo oot o' tho wino collar. An' wi' that thero oam a groan like oot o tho ground at our feet, and we both h'ard it, and stood shnkin' and damb for a while, grip- pin one another. I'm sure I don't know what in tlie name o heaven it can all mean I eaid ho, but that was after ho bad got tho wino, and we wero on the way up again. Did yo show't ony disrespeo' ?said I. No, said lie : I burled it, as I would anything else that had to be pntten out of sight. And so wo was tnlkin' together, when there earn a great ringin' at tho hell, and said he, they 'ro won'erin' what's come o mo an their wine, an' well they may 1 I maun mn. As soon as ho en tered the room, Whaur did ye bury the beid yo tulk frao the cellar? said his master to him, and saidna a word as to hoo he had been sao lang gane for the wine. I buried it in the garden, said he. I hope you know the spot, said the strange gentleman. Yes, sir, I do, said Harper. Thon como and show me, said he. So all three of tliom went togothor, and got a spade, ns they went, from tho tool house. Luckily the poor man was able to ehow them at once the very spot, and the gentleman dng np tlie aknil with his own hands, caroful not to toncli it with the Bpade, nnd brought it back with him in his hand to the house, knocking tho earth olf it with his rough travelling gloves. But when Harper looked to bo told to take it back to tho placo where he fotmd it, and trembled at tho thought, and wondered how ho was to got hold of mo again and nobody tho wiser, for he did not want to ehow frightoned in tho day time, to his surprise an' no sma' pleesure the gentleman Bet tho skull on the ehlmnoy piece ; and as Innoh had beon laid F the meantime, Mr. Qoywood haoin' noed to catch the neist train, an' bo waitit npo' them, ho h'ard tho wholo story. I suppose they thocht it better he should hoar, an' tell tho rest, soe tho sooner to forget tho terrors wo had come throu'. Said the gentleman, Now yon'll havo no more tronblo If you do, writo to mo, to tho caro o' so an' so, an' I'll roleaso you from your obligation, But allow mo to remark that you brought it on yourselves by interfering, I can't exactly say with my property, but with the proporty of another who knows how to defend his own without appeal to any law. It was tho bnry- ing of that Bkull that causod all yonr annoy ance. Bat I always thought, said the master, that the dead preferred and desired to havo tlieir bones buried. The ghosts of the dead, according to Cocker, would refuso to lie quiet until their bodies were properly buried. You may say what you please, answered Mr. Hoy- wood, and I cannot protend to explain tlie thing ; I only know that when that hoad is buried, these dlsagreoables always begin. Thon the head is in the way of being buried and dug up again ? said the master. I will toll you the whole etory, if you like, answered his land lord. I would gladly hear it, says he. I should like to see tho daylight o' common sonso cast upon tho affair. That I cannot promise yon, he answered ; but tho story, as it has been handed down in our family, you shall hear. You may ho sure, my leddy, Harpor was wide awake to hear all he oould, that ho might tell it again to the hall. Somewhere about a hun dred and fifty years ago or so, ho began, ono cold, stormy night, there came to the hall door a poor pedlar — a travelling morohant, you know, my loddy, with his pack on his back, and would fain have parted with some of his goods to tho folk of tho hall. Tho butlor, who must havo boon rather a rough sort of man, told him they wanted nothing he could give them, and he might go about his business. But the man, who nad eomothlng obstinate in him I daar say, an' was, it may wee! be, as anxious to got under shatter, hopln' it might bo for tho nicht, sooin1 it was gurly, as to Bell his goods, keepit on hoggin' — an' would he no see whothor some 0' tho women-folk micht na bo wcel wullin to buy o' him I At last tho butler, oot o' a' patlonco wi' tho mao, go'o him a great shove awn frae the door, so that tlie poor man fell down the steps, an' bangt the door to, nor everlooklt to ice whether tho man got up again or no, - T tho mornin1 tho pedlar was found lyin doid in a littlo wood or shaw, no far frao tho boose. An' up got the cry, no what did thoy say but that tfie butler had murdcrt bim, an' ho was ta'ou up and tried forit. Whether the man was not liked in the neighborhood I cannot tell, eald tho gontlomen, but tho cry was ngolnst him, and things went tho wrong way for him, though no ono about tho house boUavod bo had dono tho deod more than hq might havq psuse4 hla death by pushing him down tho steps. But even that ho could hardly have intended, and very likely tho man may have been weak or ill, an yet would not havo fallen but for the woloht of hla pxok on his back. Still, efter an' a'— an' it's mysol' that's sayin' this, no the gentleman, my lady— in a part 0 tho country like that, gey an' lanely, it was not a nicht to turn n fellow creature oot in. The butlor was at tho samo time an old and trusty servant, and his master was greatly concornt aboot the thing. It is impossible at this time o' day, said tho gentleman, to unerstan' hoo Buch a thing could be — in tbo total absence o' diroo' evidence, but tho short and the weary lang o' 't was that tho man was hangt, an' hung in irons for the deed. An' noo ye may bo tblnkin' tho ghost o' tho pnir pedlar began to haunt tho hooso ; but naething o' the kin' 1 There was nao disturbance 0' that, or 0' ony itlicr sort. Tho man was doid and buried, whoever did or didna kill liim, an' tlie body 0' him that was said to ban killed bim lumg dung- liu' i' the win'. But, whatover tho hoo3ehofd may hao thocht or had i' their hcrts aboot it, tho licrt o' the mint's maiBter was sair, an' he couldna help aye tfdnkin' that maybe he was to blamo, an' micht has done something mair nor ha thooht o' at tho time to get tho pnir man off ; for he was absolutely sure that, lioo- ever rough ho micht hao boen, an' hooever he micht hae been tho causo o' death to tho troublesomo man, he hadna meant to kill him ; it was, in pairt at least, an accident, an' he thopcht it hard lineB. Hie maister was au auld man, near ban' auchty, an' tuik things tho mair seriously, I dauraay that he wasna that far frae tho grave they had sent tho pnir butler til afore his time— glen that could bo eaid o' ono wha's only grave was that o' the woathercook. An' ayo he tuik himsel' to task as to whether lie ouchtna to hao dono somo- thing mair — gone to tho king maybo, for ho couldna bide tho thoucht o' tho puir man, that had waitit npon bim Bao lang an' falthfu', hingin' an' Bwing'm' up there, an' tho flesh dreppin' off tho banes 0' 'im, an1 still the banes hingin' there, an' Bwingin', an' crealdn' an cryin', was sair upo' tho nuld man. But the tlmo passed, an' I konna hoo lang or hoo short it may tak for a body in Bic' a position to como asunder, bnt at lost tho banes began to drap, an' as thoy drappit, thero they lay at the fnt 0' the gallows, for naebody caret to meddle wl' thorn ; an' whan that com' to tho know ledge o' the auld gentleman, ho sent bis fowk to gather them np an' bury them oot o' siclit. An' what was left o' the body, tho upper pairt, haudon thegithor wi' the irons, maybe — I konna weel hoo, hung an' swung there still, in every win' that blew. But at last, oot o' sorrow au repeo' for tho deid, lioocver ho dce'd, his auld maister sent quaietly no dark nicht, an' had the lave o' the bancs tacn doon an laid i' tho earth. An' frae that moment, would ye think it, there was no peace i' tho hooso 1 A clankin' o' ohains got np, an' a howlin', an' a complecin', a creakin' like i' the win' — an' sio a stramash a'thogitlicr, that tho hooso was not fit to be lcevit in whiles, though it was sometimes waur nor ither time, an' Borne thocht it had to do wi' tlie airt the win' blew ; aboot that I ken naething. But it gaod on like that for montliB, maybo years — Mr. Harpor wasna Bare hoo long the gentle man Baid — till tbo auld man maiat wished hlmsol' in o' the grave an' oot o' the trouble. But at lost ao day cam' anither auld man to boo him — no sae anld as him sel1, but uno he had kenued whan thoy war at the college thegithor ; an' this was a man that had travelled greatly, an' was weel learnt In a hoap o' things ordinary fowk, that gles tbemsels to the Ian' an' the growin' o' com an1 beasts, ore no likely to ken mnckle aboot. Ho saw his auld from was in trouble, and didna carry his ago calm-liko as was nal'ral, an' sao speirt him what was the matter ; and ho told him the' whole Btory, for it was nae won'or, whan the din gat np, es pecially wi' tho clanldn o' ohains intil 't, an' 1' tho dark days 0' superstition, that they should oonuoo1 tho tano wl' the tither— thohangin' wi' tho bangin'. Weel, Baid tho loamit man, whon he had h'ard a', gien ye'Il take my advice, ye'Il jist sen' an' howk up that hoid again, an' tak' it intil the hoose wi' ye, and lat it bldo there whanrlt W03 used sae lang to be ; do that, an' it's my opinion ye'Il hear nao mair 0' sic unruly gangin'e on. Tho auld gentleman tuik the advice, konniu' no better, an' but it was the richt advice, for frae that moment tho romour was ower, an' they had nao mair o' 't. They laid the heid in a decent bit box i' the cellar, an' there 't remalut, well content there to ahido tho day o' that jeedgmont that'll sot many anither jeedgment to the richt-aboot; though what ploesuro could be intil that cellar mair nor a hole i' the earth, is a thing no for me to Bay I So wl' that generation there was nae mair trouble. But i' the coarse o' time there cam1 first ano an1 syne anither, wha forgot, maybe leuoh at the haill affair, nn1 didna believe a word o1 the same. Bnt they're bnt fules that gang again' the expcrionco o' their forbears 1 What wad yo hae but they wad bury the heid? An' what wad come o' that but an auld dis may het up again 1 Hp. gat tho din, tho ram paugin', tho clankin' an' a, jist as ill as ever ! But whan, friehtet at the oonseqaeneo o' their folly, they aoknowlcd tho property o' the gholst in his ain beid, an' tuik it oot 0' the earth an' intil tho hooso again, a wsa quaiot directly— qusiot as bert could desire. Sao that was the story I An' whon the lunch was ower, an' Mr. Harper was thinkin' the moment como whan thoy wo old order him to tak the held, him that was moist trimlin' at tho thoucht o' touohin' % an' lay't whaur it oae often was whan it had a sowl intil 't, the gentleman got up, an' says ho till him. Be eo good, says he, as fetch me my hat box from tho ball. The but ler went and got it as dosired, and tbo gentle man took and unlocked it. But nover a bat was thero intil 't 1 an' roou' ho turnt wliaur ho stood, an' up he tuik tho skull, neither as glen he lo'ed it nor feared it, as what reason had ho to do either ? An' he han'let it neither rouchly nor with that mucklo care, but intil the hat box it gaed, willy, nilly, an' tbo lid was shutten doon upo' 't, an' tbo koy wob turnt i' tbo lock 0' the same ; an' as glen ho wad mak tho thing richt sure o' no bein pnttin' ony mair wbaur it bad sio an objection to gang, up botuikiuhts ban' tho hat box an' the eontralry hoid i' tho inside o' 't, an' awa' wi' him on bis travolB, hero an' there ower the face 0' tho war! : ho was on his w'y tp Spain ony gait ! an' wo saw nao mair o' him nor tho held, nor h'ard ever a sous' mair o1 clankin' nor ony ither unholy din, An' that's trowtb, mak o' 't what ye like 1" 