CHATTERINGS. By Magi-ie. S" I see yon an ended at meeting to cx- plaiu yourself, Mr. Editor. Of course, Magpie like, I had my beak in it, and I reckon you did "claw" a few feathers out of that crane's crest, and had the best of ihe vabber all through There was a deal .of talk ab »i;l ihe qualification of a man of honour and a gentleman, and about a sum of £1300 mat somebody had in their pocket. Now. Maggie being a very in quisitive bird, and having the public welfare ai stake, would like to ask some one a few qoosliens : — Do you think it is the act of an honorable man to hold £1300 in his possession for s ane years belonging to a charitable institution, without investing it. <>r paying interest ? Is it very honoi- able >.r gentlemanly to defraud u public chanty of s-. >mc £70 that should be paid as interest ? Is it the net of a gentleman to divulge a private conversation between man and man. or make public the details of a private letter? Is it the act of a gen tleman to tell a lie about a public servant, because y-.ci know that he cannot come before a public meeting and contradict it? Do you approve of an individual making an unfounded charge a gainst a civil servant to his superior officers, and then cringe when he ihonght his own conduct would be r ported on. as the act of an honorable gentleman ? Are leaders of financial in stil uii ms compelled by their superiors to sp.-ak of tlie private business of their constituents in public streets, and threaten them wit!: death it they d-> not divulge the names of certain correspondents ? Would .you take him by the hand, and say : "Be hold, my long-lost brother?" Maggie gives Up the U.sk To settle these delicate little tilings to some of the readers of the -W v.<. I hoar \ erfiji is giving lessons in box ing in the suable of one of our pubs. He is very mi ieh annoyed because the people came to hear the explanation of the pro prietor of the Xctc.f, at the Commercial. lie says the lowered themselves by doing so. as they ought to have come to his exhibi tion. " Mag thinks they did wisely in choosing the better part. Verfiji would also have given them some choice selec tions fo mi a ehorus of crows, as he has got their music ofi by heart. If a casual per son coming along heard those strains oh a dark night, they wou.d give up the ghost at one, without asking for change. Ah. well! when he loses that man-of-war swagger and his fringe, lie may improve in intellect. 