THE BOHEMIAN. It was on the SOth of January, the day till ately sacied to King Charles the Martyr, that! feat lookup over aKew Year's almanac, which, as is the custom now, omitted all , mention of the once day of fasting. It was a Pt.nch's Almanac, and it took me away m . ancy to other places and infected me with a ! desire to see the various phases of modern j foppery in the country of their source. My mind's eye pictured the artistic costume of the " Masher," the elaborate pose and, studiously careless gait of the " Chappie, aud the kid- gloved " look-but-touch-me-not'j completeness of the "Gommy." I might never ! be destined to see them in the flesh, for their life is transient and brief, and if I were to visit Fair Augusta's towers and trees, when a new form of folly had swept away the ' 1 resent one, I should never so much as see | the ghosts of Chanpie, Masher, or Gommy. A friend of mine in the Civil Service of another colony founded an application for leave of absence on a statement that he was no longer able to " follow his Punch:' His official superiors regarded the application as savouring of lunacy, but it was niv pleasing duty to explain to them in a series ol literary contributions that my friend's ambiticn was laudable, and that their view of it resumed Ircrn their own uiiworthiness, and at last Ihey accc-ded to the request. My own position, I began to feel, v.as only better than that of my friend, because kind gentlemen fresh from London are at band to show me how Chapnie walks and holds his elbows and cane, and to treat of Masher's favourite themes in his own tones aud idiom. • Frcm these phases of respectable idiotcy, mv mind descended to the contemplation of 'Any, and I began to wonder whether the tuition of the School boards had done anything to modify his offensive peculiarities. I began to picture to myself a partially educated 'Arry, and was .just arranging r't priori what he ought to be like, when little Tommy, the office-boy, who lives oil the landing by mutual consent of myself and the literary pietenders opposite, entered, and, removing from his mouth a portentous piece of toff ee, said ; " Pleesir a genl'man." He wes a man whose affectation of accurate utterance, whose clean-shaved face, and whose hair swept backwards in long greasy ringlets frcm off his meagre and ill-shaped forehead denoted that most disgusting of all charlatans, the intellectual impostor. " My name, Sir," he began, " is Oliver." " What!" I exclaimed, " a regicide out on such a day as this! the day when the anointed head fell from the block under the sacrilegious blow! Go and hide yourself, Oliver, for very shame." He was quite unabashed. Bear me," he said, " how very extraordinary I should have forgotten it. for the day is carefully noted in my system of mechanical mnemonics under the name * Chadda-rogs.'" " What gibberish is this i : ' I asked. " This digression," he said, " opens up the e subjectaboutwhichlcame toyou. Allowmeto band you my prospectus; Professor Oliver. I am the inventor of the system of mschaoical mnemonics which you see there described. Its object is the estaWishmerrt of an artificial memory,-or, as I prefer to say, the cultivation of the memory by artificial aids. ' Chaddarogs,' for instance, serves to indicate that Charles the First was beheaded on the 30th of January, 1649. The first three letters are devcted to the name of the king, the d which follows is the fourth letter of the alphabet, and, if used singly, would indicate the 4th of the month, but, being doubled, implies that you have counted the twenty-six letters through and four more, and so it means the 30th. The a, which concludes the first half of the word, indicates the month as being the first of the year. If the month had been the second, an h would have been used with a vowei. The * rogs' points to 1649, according to the scheme set forth in the pamphlet." " It is very wonderful,'' I remarked. "The work of a school," he continued, " has always appeared to me to be one prolonged labour and irritation to master and pupil. My recollections of my own schooldays, with their dismal, unintelligent toil, their shames of failure, their degrading punishments and their miserable result, have stimulated me to the task of easing the labour of the teacher and soothing the scholar's pains. It is in the interests of humanity that I have invented my grand system of mnemonics. It is my belief that every one who has to learn and remem ber constructs for himself, here and there, some fragment of such a system. We all remember by the aid of association; sometimes of colour, sometimes of shave. What vast aid did not that Italian monk render to future students of logic by his invention, in the thirteenth century, of the famous formula beginning Barbara Celarent Darii Ferioque prions ? and how often does not the familiar rhyme, ,iThirty days hath September,' &c.;, come in aid of our business reckonings ? Surely the elaboration of a universal system deserves the support of mankind. It is an achievement, a stepping-stone, a landmark—nay, a monument, wnieh, more durable than marble, will rear itself in future years over the tomb of the inventor." "Yes, indeed," I said, beginning to enter into the spirit of the thing, "and I well remember one crucial day when, dressed in a gown with a neat white neckcloth and bands, I stood in a crowded room in front of a table, on the other side of which was another man, also in a gown—and he kept his cap on, like an impudent fellow as he was—and he got me into a corner in Old Testament history, when suddenly the right answer occurred to me by the aid of those grand mnemonic lines That mighty man Sennacherib, Of any man could crack a rib, Except of King Jehoshaphat, But not of him, he -was so fat. Those lines saved the honour of my family." "Precisely," said Oliver; "an admirable instance. And I have been recommended to seek your aid in consequence of your wellknown" "Oh, certainly." "And of your influence in connection with" " Oh, just so." " I do not desrnse mnemonic lines myself," he continued, though I regard them only as agreeable interludes and unscientific digressions, breaking the severity of a scientific system. Much remains to be done in the way of classicalizing, if I may so sav, our vulgar rhyming mnemonics. It is not "every one that has the purity and beauty of the lhyme about Jehoshaphat, which you have just now quoted. For instance, what can be more atrocious than The Bam, the Bull, tlie heavenly Twins The Crab, the Lion shines, The Virgin and the Scales" "Dreadful!" I exclaimed, "ft reminds you of 'Bless the Prince of Wales.' " "Precisely. Kow I have endeavoured," continued Oliver, "to provide a more classical mtmoria technica for the signs of the Zodiac I think you will find it both poetical and ingenious. The signs themselves are the spokesmen, and they lament that they no longer retain their mythical individuality. Here it is:— Oh long we lived in airy ease, Enjoying worship and renown ; Nor ever felt misfortune's frown Till science, called astronomy, Rose up and tore us down. We reamed as men and beasts on high. Nor grudged the purple gods their cars; But envious science greatness mats, Men had a stratagem, in eye To make us merely stars.' Here I asked Oliver's leave to send Tommy for a bottle of smelling salts, which being j procured, I announced myself as ready to listen on. Oliver continued -.— " And still as stars above tbe air Our figures can serenely go, But not the grand old living show. As well to Titian might compare The dollar oleo. Could we lay hands upon those men We'd all to make a stir go, And give them kicks a tergo, And make them to Jerusalem Or off to Hanoucr ga. 'Mid heaven's high secrets they intrude, Eyes telescopical, And them as truly knaves we call As those who Indian crowds delude With lie Brahmmica\\. Pope Pio Nono did adhere To schemes Copernican And, though his race on earth is run, We'll do him honour due up here And so we'll score Pio one. He was a sage to honour born— They told the sage it ere he went— Though bunions as his plague were sent, If he had cut his Capricorn On crutches twain he had not leant." " Stop there, Oliver," I cried ; " not a word more. I have been sniffing away at these salts to prevent fainting till my head aches. I can't stand any more without some brandy." " Never mind," he said, " bear up under two more signs; I polish 'em off in one stanza. But, though full many a godlike grief And heart-ache weary us here, We'll hope in some bright atmosphere That sage may earn a long relief Nor yield up his ease there." " Amagnificentperformance!" Icried, rising, with a sense of relief. "A splendid idea! But a thought has struck me. Your words have kindled it. A grand thought pregnant of balm to suffering humanity. It is this : Why not extend the scheme ? You teach a man to remember one thing by thinking of another. Why not teach him to think one thing by thinking of another; to feel one feeling by thinking of another; to steer himself through all the difficulties of life by keeping his eye and memory upon something quite different from what he is about ? If you can give a man an artificial memory, you can give him an artificial reason, an artificial conscience, a mechanical domestic affection, a technical patriotism, and an alphabetical , I ' . j i ! lovalty. It only needs a complete and efficient gibberish to raise us all by machinery to the level of the heroes we admire. Enlarge the prospectus, my talented friend, and made Burkes and Chathams; extend the pamphlet and Newtons will be found. Oliver was much affected by my sudden burst of enthusiasm. Indeed I was so myself. He sprang towards me. and grasping me by the hand, said, in a voice broken with emotion— " We two will do it." " Right!" I exclaimed, and, scratching a few lines on a piece of paper, I said—" Take this to the Editor of the Cemetery. Propound your views to him; I trust I may say our views. He is a man who thinks slowly but surely. Do not grudge time or speech with him. Expound to him plainly, fully, deliberately. Talk to him as you have talked to me ; recite to him as you have recited to me; } but more. Do not heed any casual symptoms of fatigue which you may notice Jin him; they are but the outward expression of the throes of a great mind. Do not allow any one to intrude. If any one comes in tell the visitor roundly that you are engaged on important business. If the Editor goes out of the room follow him, and go on talking as you go. His mind must not be allowed to drop the subject foi- a moment till he has fully mastered ic. If he heaves a sigh and his eye wanders fix his attention at once on something in the pamphlet. In short, meet apathy with vigour, fatigue with persistency, and irritation with wrath ; and then your fortune is made." " Our fortune is made," he said, " my grand, large-minded, humanity-serving brother! You don't happen to have five shillings about you T "No," I answered; "but the Editor has ten. Made virtute csto : off you go!" He left, and soon afterwards I called Tommy, but he did not appear. In about ten minutes he returned, and put his head in at the door of his own accord, and. extracting the toffy from his cheek, said, with a broad grin and a chuckle— " Ee's gone in to tbe Symmetry, ee 'as. I seen him. O'ny think, I seen him go ia ; and now, as awlis hours is up, I'll go and see him ccme out. It's plain there's other fools besides you an' me, aint there':" 