GENERAL NEWS. From our files we moke the following extracts:— The enquiry before a Coroner's Jury into the suicide of Dr. Edwardes at Jlounslow ended in a verdict which is fully borne out by the facts, and which has received the strong approval of public opinion. Dr. Edwardes is declared to have died from the effects of prussic acid administered by his own hands m a moment of temporary insanity, and the Jury added an emphatie avowal of their belief that Dr. Edwardes " was driven to his death by the pressure brought to bear upon him by his partner (Dr. Whitmarsh) using the false charge of Mrs. Bignell as a means to drive him to a dishonourable dissolution of partnership." In other words, the Jury pro nounce that the odious accusation, one of a sort to which medical men always are and must be specially exposed, was baseless; that Dr. Whitmarsh, instead of lending his partner his support under circumstances ter ribly trying and painful in themselves, en couraged tue woman who had made the charge, professed to consider it true, and used it as a means to induce Dr. Edwardes to dis solve the partnership upon terms singularly advantageous to him (Dr. Wnitmarsh). Dr. EdwardcB was to receive £500 but of a sum of £1,800 which he had paid only fifteen months ago, and of which he was entitled to less than £200 in the way of the proceeds of his practice. It was proved that the same solicitor who was conducting the prosecution against Dr Edwardes on behalf of the Dignells for his alleged indecent assault upon the woman was acting also for Dr. Whitmarsh. It was also shown that Dr. Whitmarsh prompted the woman to persist in her original statement, and to proceed against Dr Edwardes; that she had brought, or had meditated bringing, a similar charge against another doctor on a previous occasion, and that she withdrew it on an apology. It was clearly established that Dr. Whitmarsh had been in the habit of making money out. of his practice by selling an interest in it, and then buying out his partners at his own valuation. The result of the trial is that a very seriouB charge is fastened upon both Dr. Whitmarsh and Mrs. Bignell. The matter cannot remain where it is, and it is possible that proceedings for, conspiracy maybe commenced against them.' The publication of the Napoleonic mani festo follows curiously upon the uuveiling of the statue of the Prince Imperial at Wool wich by the Prince of Wales. Some French critics have taken it in bad part that the futuie King of England should have paid such an honour to tne ill-fated son of an ill fated father. The plain fact is that the Prince Imperial died in the service of Eng land ; he had been educated at an English military school, and he had done dncy with the Boyal Artillery, one of our most distin guished corps. The peculiar circumstances of his death naturally evoked much sym pathy, and it is as the most fitting expression of this that numbers of all ranks in the British Army have subscribed to the memorial. It is, of course, the fact that the late Prince Imperial, who was generally popular, was especially liked by the members of ourKoyal Family. Hence the aopearanco of the Princes at Woolwich, and the pro minent part they took m the display. The statue is the work of Count Gleichcn, the Queen's cousin, who, although an Admiral in our navy, has long devoted himself to sculp ture with marked success. A very severe accident nas occurred to Mis. Thcrold, an English lady, and Mr. Cross, an English gentleman, who were pro ceeding to Monaco in a phaeton. The'horse, a very spirited one, when near the residence of the Duke d'Oldenbnrg, took fright, and dashed over a precipice 100 feet high. Mrs. Thorold had her skull fractured, and Mr. Cross sustained very severe injuries. It is a mercy that they were not both killed. The Duke d'Oldenburg had the sufferers conveyed to his villa, and bestowed every care upon them. With regard to the Sues. Canal, the arrange ment proposed by the British Government is that it should be free for the passage of Bhips of every kind in all circumstances, but that precautions, should be taken against the abuse of this privilege by enacting that in time of war a limitation should he placed upon the time during which vessels of war belonging to a belligerent Power should be permitted to remain in the Canai, and that 110 troops or munitions of war should be disembarked. It is also proposed, for the further securingof the neutrality ana freedom of the channel, that no hostilities shall be permitted in the Canal or its approaches or anywhere in the territorial waters of Egypt, even in the event of Turkey being one of the belligerents. The recurrence of an emergency resembling the late rebellion is provided for by a clauBe excepting measures necessary for the defence of Egypt irom the operation of these restricted enactments. It is further provided by the suggested agreement that every Power shall be bound to Dear the cost of the immediate repair of any damage which its vessels of war may chance to cause to the Canal; and that Egy pt shall take all measures within its power to enforce the conditions imposed upon the ships of belligerent Powers using the Canal in time of war. No fortifica tions are to be erected on the Canal or in it3 vicinity; and nothing in the agreement is to he constructed as curtailing or affecting the territorial rights of the Egyptian Government further than is expressly stipulated. An Egyptian War Exhibition of trophies and articles of interest in connection with the late Egyptian campaign is being organized, with the approval and support of Lord Wolseley and the officers who served in Egypt, in aid of the fund for disabled soldiers, sailors, and marines. The exhibi tion will be opened at Knightsbridze next month. Lord Wolseley and the Duke of Tcck have promised* to lend interesting articles connected with the campaign, and the Eoyal Artillery will send to the exhibition the celebrated donkey which was captured by F-I Battery at the battle of Tel-el-Kebir. The officer commanding the 1st Life Guards has consented to allow the dervishes' tent, of great reputed sanctity, which fell into the hands of the troops, to be exhibited. A special feature of the exhibition will be a display of the surgical appliances used in war, and practical demonstrations will be given day by day of field-hospital work and of ambulance work. The twenty-one men arrested in Dublin for conspiracy to murder Government officials are not allowed, it is stated, to see their friends, and letters and newspapers are re fused them. It has transpired that the employes of Mr. Field, whose assassination wae recently attempted, have been threa tened, and the manager and his wife are guarded to business by police officers. The manager also carries a loaded revolver. A new phase of the agitation is the re EDried employment of female detectives in imeiick. A number of officers and men of the Royal Engineers have been selected at the School of Militaiy Engineering, Chatham, for the purpose of being employed hi carrying out a series of experiments iu ballooning. During his visit to Egypt, several years ago, General Sherman remarked to a promi nent Egyptian functionary—"If ever the dynasty of Mekemet Ali is to be overthrown it will be by England; and you Egyptiaus should hear in mind that England is a money lender, with all the greed and arrogance of that class." " Tell me candidly now about the Egyptian resistance at Tel-el-Kebir," said an officer to a friend who liad been engaged in the attack on the defences. " Well," he replied, " this is just how it was. The white men ran like sheep, discharging their muskets in the air; the only regiment that stood was a black one, and the negroes remained helplessly grinning, so that I thought myself in the presence of a lot of Ethiopian serenaders, and felt quite ashamed to assault such funuy fellows, ami could not find it in my heart to fire at them." Lord Wolseley, in replying to an address from temperance bodies at Blackburn, said he believed drink to be the source of all crime, not only in the army, but iu civil life; and he believed that if our soldiers all wore the blue ribbon as well as Her Majesty's colours, we should have the finest army ever sent into the field to represent this country. A soldier has keen tried by Court-martial at Lenmore Barracks, Galway, for having left his post whilst on duty outside the gaol, alleging that he saw the ghost of Myles Joyce, which frightened him away. His story was disbe lieved, and he was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. A serious strike has taken place among the Caledonian Railway servants, which has assumed something like colossal dimensions. The disaffection has spread to the remoter districts east, north, and south, and unless a compromise of some kind be speedily arrived at the nest few days will witness the com plete withdrawal of the Company's present servants. On January 16 the Leitn men came out on strike, and no passenger traffic was run on the branch line. The Perth men have agreed to abide by the decision of the Glasgow meeting; the Stirling men have been holding an idle day; the Dundee men left work at midnight; and the Forfar men resolved that if the Dundee and Perth servants came out they would also strike this week. An official statement has appeared in the newspapers controverting, on behalf of the Company, the allegations of the men as to long hours and insufficient remuneration for overtime. On January 18 there was hardly a movement at the Central Station in Glas gow, and few trains left. Newspaper parcels were undispatched, and in many towns along the Caledonian' line the inhabitants, from the waut of news papers, are ignorant of what is going on. At Carslairs, an important junction for trains for the south, all the men are now out on strike. Deputations are in Glasgow from all the strike districts, and another mass meeting will be held to-dav. This strike, which is for a reduction of the working day to nine hours on the Caledonian Railway, threatens to assume serious dimensions. A nine-hours movement has long been talked about among the railway servants, and if the demand is conceded in Scotland it will be pressed with vigour south of the Tweed. It should be borne in mind, however, that the real dispute turns, as in all short-time move ments, upon the point at which payment for overtime Elionld begin. There is seldom much objection to long hours if long hours mean a commensurate increase of pay. The Caledonian men demand double pay for Sunday duty and 50 per cent, extra for over time. The progress of the struggle will be watched with much interest by the public and with some anxiety by all directly or in directly interested in railway property. Up till the present time no information lia3 been gained, notwithstanding the vigilance | of the search which is being made, which can lead to the discovery of the young woman alleged to he the daughter of an English baronet who had been deserted when a mere infant by her parents nearly twenty years ago at Kingstown. Numbers of persons remember the circumstances of an elegantly dressed female infant being found on the doorsteps of Mr. Thomas Carey, Sussex parade ; also the baptism of the infant, ami licr removal to Eatlidowu Union Workhouse, Loughlinstown. A vigilant searth has been made through the old admission hooks ami other records of the workhouse, and one entry was found referring to the period when the child had been deserted. It records the admission of a female infant who Lad been deserted in Kingstown; but, strange to say, there is another entry which states that this infant was taken out of the workhouse two days after her admission by some woman wii then resided in Grcen-strcet. It is said that this entry cannot refer to the missing heiress of £10,000 a year and an enormous amount of accumulatcamoncy. It is stated that as raurh as £2,000is offered for trustworthy information that will lead to the discovery of the lost heiress, and it scents that the story of the desertion of her child at Kingstown was told by her mother when on lier deathbed a short time since. Lady Florence Dixie has declined to accept a testimonial in appreciation of her efforts to relieve Irish distress. It is consequently announced that the £2S6 contributed for that purpose will ho returned to the subscribers. Mr. Parnoll's estate has been the scene of another popular demonstration. Several hundred people assembled, with bands, to plonghj his land, and a large slul>ble lield adjoining his demesne was ploughed up very quickly, over 200 ploughs being engaged ; while in a ikid of twenty-one acres at tlarrymore eighty ploughs were employed. A short time since Miss Barter, of Bal gavieB, sister, of Sir David Baxter, and aunt of the Eight Hon. W. E. Baxter, conjointly with the late Dr. Baxter, Procurator Fiscal of Dundee, gave £150,000 tor the endowment and erection of a college in Dundee. The buildings have been acquired, professors ap pointed, and the work of the college will soon be begun. Miss Baxter has now given another £10.000 to provide a laboratory, and the trustees of the late Dr. Baxter have given £10.000 to lound a Chair of Law. Since the Belt trial everybody asks who Mr. Lawcs is. By way of stating what he is we may say that when at Cambridge he was a boating man, and one of the founders of the Amateur Athletic Club, He is the only son of Sir John Bennet Lawcs, of Wrothamstead Park, the first baronet of the name, who made his fortune as a chemical manure manu facturer. He has sold his business, or rather turned it into a Limited Liability Company, which paid him £30,000 for it, and he is still a large shareholder. Sir John, with practical waggishncss, has land on his estate divided into strips, in which he has grown nothing hut wheat ever since 1658 ;'and he has had these various strips manured in different ways, lime, dung, bonedust. guano, &c.;, but one strip he h?s never had manured at all. Strange to say, it bears a fair average crop annually. This speaks volumes about the respective value of various manures, and the scientific rotation of crops. An action brought by Mr. Thomas H. Kingsley against Miss Eliza Anne Piele for £2,000 damages for breach of promise to marry, was concluded in Dublin on January 13. before Mr. Justice O'Brien. Defendant enjoys an annuity of £400 a year, and alleges that plaintiff wanted to marry her for her n-.oney. Plaintiff was a medical student in Dublin, and afterwards held positions in London. Plaintiff admitted that for some years he assumed the name of Stanley to escape from his creditors. Defendant's counsel contended that plaintiff was a design ing, heartless fellow, and the lady had a marvellous escape from him. Defendant, in cross-examination, said she told plaintiff she could not marry him, as she did not want to end her days in a poorhouse, and he agreed to let the engagement drop. _ The Jury found that there was a promise of marriage, but that it was obtained by fraud, and gave a farthing damages. On the counter claim thev found that the plaintiff owed the lady £100. The Judge accordingly gave judgment for the defendant, the announce ment being received with applause. A desperate railway outrage is reported to have taken place near Genoa. A young German and his wife, who had been spending their honeymoon at Borne, were travelling to Genoa in a first-class compartment, when at Busalla they were joined by a respectably dressed Bomagnole of about thirty. All went well till the train entered the Giovi Tunnel, when the Boniagnole, pointing a revolver at the German's breast, demanded his purse or his life. The German grappled boldly with his assailant, and wrenched the weapon out of his hand, not, however, before the^man had discharged four shots, two of which were lodged in the Germau's shoulder. Nor web this all, for, deprived of his revolver, the Italian recurred to hisstiletto, with which he inflicted five wounds on the traveller, one of them a severe head cut. The shrieks ; of the young wife at length reached the guard, who stopped the train and came to the rescue. The man was secured and made fast in the luggage-van, and the train proceeded. The tram had not gone far, how ever, before the guards discovered that their prisoner had got away, and they had again to stop the train and set all the Bignalmen along the line on his track. Fortunately, he was recaptured at Ponte Decimo, and taken into custody by the Carabineers. The German is in the doctor's hands at Genoa. One of the bnllets will have to be extracted. The lady was cut about the hards in trying to disarm the man. Her husband had £120 about him. The Municipal Council of Paris has voted the sum of of £120.000, two-thirds of which are to be expended in the improvement of existing hospitals, and the remaining one third to be expended in the erection of esta blishments for the relief of the sick and wounded poor of that city. In accordance with the request of the various Embassies the Porte has agreed to prohibit the importation into Turkey of swords, sabres, and revolvers, admitting only hunting-knives and artistically ornamented revolvers intended only for display. ■ A reorganization of the Portuguese House of Peers is in contemplation. It is proposed that the Upper House shall in future be designated the Senate, and shall consist of 150 members, fifty to be chosen by the King and appointed for life, fifty to represent the various sections of the community, and the remaining flfty to be elected by a double pro cess of voting. The dissolution is announced of the Holy League, a Russian secret Society which was founded under official patronage with the object of beating the Nihilists with their own weapons by the discovery and frustration of i plots against the Emperor's life. It may be j presumed that the Czar and his advisers nave no further apprehensions from Nihilist machi nations, or that they wish the world at large to believe so. A third and not altogether un likely hypothesis is that toe powers that be in Russia think the existence of any secret Society more calculated to bring on than to avert danger. General Ignatieff is popu- ! hu-ly believed to have patronised this Asso ciation. On the contrary, he was an enemy to it from the first. The Society was founded by Prinee Scherbatoff, Count Paul Schuvaloff, J and Count Voronzoff. I An extraordinary attempt has been made to procure copies of the secret maps and plans kept at the office of the Etat Major at j St. Petersburg. The person who made the | attempt is a young man about twenty-six years of age. He obtained admittance to the office by disguising himself in the uni form worn by the clerks, and, having thus penetrated to the room where the maps and plans weie kept, began boldly to make copies of them. At first he was not interfered with, but after a time suspicions were entertained, and he was questioned. His replies being unsatisfactory, he was arrested, and a strict enquiry is being made into the matter. It is supposed he is connected with the Nihilists, but few particulars are obtainable. He refused to give his name. Great preparations are now being made for the coronation of the Czar cf Russia. From a correspondent at Moscow we learn that for the amusement of the people at the time of the coronation—behind the buildings of the Exhibition—M. Lentkoffsky is now buiiding two theatres, a circus, a carousal, maypoles, a triumphal arch with decorations com mencing with the time of Rurik, the defeat of the 'iartars, the annexation of Siberia, the accession of the Romanoff family (present reigning family), and the reforms of Peter. In the centre there will be a large tower con taining revolving cylinders with panoramic paintings, displaying the principal events of the late Emperor's reign. In the Exhibition buildings there will be feasts, &c.;, for the people. The exact date of the coronation has not yet been fixed, but it is understood it will he some time in May next. A pamphlet has been published in Pesth which has excited considerable sensation. It bears the title " Russia and the War," and is from the pen of a prominent member of the Hungarian Opposition. The writer main tains that since the Berlin Congress Russia has been determined upon war with Austria, and that hostilities are therefore inevitable. He also criticises the Austro-Hungarian mili tary organization, and declares that the army is numerically inadequate to the require ments of the Empire. The Greek authorities having returned ]>ackages with letters bearing Turkish stamps, which were brought by the French and Austrian mails, the Porte, being unable itself to take reprisals, desires the French and Austrian Embassies to forbid their post offices in Constantinople to deliver letters bearing Greek stamps. The project of the United States for esta blishing a universal meridian has been sent to the Paris Academy of Sciences for approval. It is expected that Great Britain may object to this measure, and it has been proposed that, in consideration of the services rendered . to geography bvEngland, that the Greenwich meridian should be selected as the start point for time and longitude. A despatch from Lima reports that Casma was regularly blockaded by the Chilian iron clad Huascar, and that the Chilians would occupy the port, in order to avoid complaints from the English merchants, who, in the absence of a war vessel, had been paying double duties. 