MELBOURNE POPULAR COX CHUTS. The fourth concert of the present season of these excellent entertainments was given yesterday afternoon, in the Melbourne Attic team,, in the presence of a large audience i a twofold reason for the increase in the attendance being found in the attractive quality of the programme and the distinguished talent of the solo artists who were engaged to interpret it, namely, Herr Max Vogrich and Miss Alice Rees. The entertainment began with Mendelssohn's quartet for two violins, viola, and violoncello, in E flat, Op. 12, which was played by Messrs. G. Weston, P. Montague, Cope, and part The composition is dated London, September 14 1929, and was written when Mendelssohn, at the age of 20 years, was improving himself and making friends on his first visit to England. This remarkable and most beautiful quartet belongs to the period of the " Reformation Symphony," the "Scotch Symphony," the Hebrides Over- ture," and vocal music not so celebrated. The quartet consists of adagio non troppo, cargo netta, andante, and molto allegro e vivace. Throughout the whole range of the numerous and varied compositions of Mendelssohn it may be doubted if anything is to be found more graceful and characteristic of his genius than the first three of the movements above named. We would point out to the gentlemen who interpreted the work yesterday that in the matter of tempo the composer must have intended more of a distinction between the adagio non troppo and the andante than was to be observed in their rendering of those two movements. We think that the effect might have been heightened if the first- mentioned had been taken at a slower pace. The mere marking of adagio non troppo and adagio does not convey to the reader any strong con- traatintempo but unless theplayersyesterday followed metronomic indications, we maintain that the distinction in tempo between the two movements might have been better observed. For chaste purity of inspiration in tune and refinement of harmonious expression,, these two movements are not to be excelled. The canzonetta is a movement which stands canzonetta is a movement which stands by itself, and must always remain unique in its charming and impressive effect. The tune is quaint in its rhythm, and quite simple in design, but it is so evolved by the instruments as to arouse a deep and unwonted interest in the hearer. To hear the sequence of tones which go to make up this subject marching under the harmonious impulse of staccato and pizzicato touch, imparts to them a sense of spontaneous force such as attaches to the well-timed movements of men under drill, and the music seems to live of itself rather that be produced by the players. Towards the conclusion of the final allegro there is a code which forms a distinct and very beautiful feature in the work, and one to be always gratefully remembered. Still bearing in mind our remarks about tempo, it is due to the players to say that their general execution of the E flat quartet of Mendelssohn was admirable, and the audience thought so too, for they applauded greatly. The celebrated trio in D major, No. 1 of Op. 70, for pianoforte, violin, and violoncello, composed by Beethoven, formed the last number of the programme, and was played by Herr Max Vogrich, Mr. G. Weston, and Mr. Hart, On the instruments named respectively. Like so many others of his:, famous compositions, this work belongs to that extraordinary period in Beethoven's life, the year 1869. The companion trio to this, in the same opus, is in the key of li flat, and both are dedicated to the Countess Erdody, in whose house' Beethoven had for awhile been living. The Work in D major consists of three movements, namely, allegro vivace e con brio, large -cases ed expressive, and finale presto. As soon as this work opens in the very first bars of the allegro, the unmistakable hand of the master shows itself, and even if no name were given, the genius of Beethoven would instantly make itself felt. The D major trio is strongly in- dividualised by the singular character of the large assay, or "ghost" movement, which is an extraordinary flight 66 musical imagina- tion, expressed with wonderful skill, by a genius who, understood, the secret and the highest capacity of every instrument known in the orchestra of his time. The effect attained in the employment of the three instruments, above named IS surprising in its breadth and deep impressiveness. If this music were to met with in melodrama and with orchestral colouring, it would transcend that of Weber in "Der Freischutz." It has a strikingly weird character about it. The musical passages suggest the Hitting across the scene of visible but insubstantial forms, now faint in colour and diminishing in tone and outline ; anon expanding in each dimen- sion, and filling the scene with terrors and awful suggestions of gigantic evil. With such controlling power at the pianoforte as that " possessed by Herr Vogrich, these startling reflections of the composer's imagination were presented with surprising vividness of effect, so that the recollections of the "ghost" trio will be lasting, nor is the hearer likely to remain satisfied until he shall have heard a repetition of the work. We pause naturally in the presence of such effects as these-not to ask why the generality of the musically inclined do not crowd on every possible opportunity to hear such performances-that would be time wasted-but to exhort all who claim to have musical sympathies to take advantage of the rare chances that are presented, when artists of the highest rank give their best powers to the illustration of the works of highest genius. There was an excellent under Btandingamongstthcge gentlemen engaged in the performance of this trio, so that whether from the popular or the artistic point of view, the satisfaction of the audience was very great. Herr Max Vogrich, as the solo pianist, laid Mendelssohn under contribution in such manner as to maintain his undoubted supremacy as an executant of the first rank. The "Variations Seriously," Op. 64, bear date Leipsig, 4th June, 1841, and are accounted "the most remarkable of Mendelssohn's pianoforte works " The very name of variations" would have been at one time sufficient to prevent any one well cultivated in music from going to an entertainment whereat such fantastic exhibitions were promised Indeed, from the time of Thalberg down to the chapters of the present day who still imitate him at a humble distance, the development of musical taste has been retarded and otherwise injured by the influence of variations in the style Thalbergian It is different when Beethoven or Schubert or Mendelssohn give themselves to variations on a sheep and thanks to the high aspirations op Herr Vognch and other artists we could name as having played in Melbourne, the promise of Variations " by Mendelssohn is an attraction to al. having sympathy with the best music and the best style of playing In his treatment of A mations, Mendelssohn has a style all his own It cannot compare with that of Beethoven in originality, and grasp, and wizard power of showing a theme in every variety of treatment without any material alteration of form, but it is brilliant and beautiful, tender and grave, in turn, from the aerial grace of his own there to the sonorous solemnity of the andante religioso, and hatreatmentadornsand preserves the theme rather as an amplification and higher growth of the subject than as a mere setting wherein musical ornaments of every incongruous shade are show ered around it, entirely out of keeping and in bad taste Herr Vognch displayed a mastery of every variety of touch in this performance, which we do not think could be improved upon, and he mastered the attend son of his hearers and compelled their admiration in a manner which is only to be attained by a great artist Given that these variations are one of the most remarkable of Mendelssohn's pianoforte works, and let us say that Herr Vognch is one of the best in the world to play them, we would have preferred to have heard him in a sonata, or other form of composition, wherein musical feeling is expressed in terms that touch more nearly Miss Rees sang a little song b) Beethoven, entitled, " With a painted ribbon,' in an exquisite manner, to an exquisite accompaniment ployed by Herr Vognch, and finally charmed every hearer by singing Schubert's 'Ave Maria' with absolutely faultless expression. The accompaniment was a new setting by Herr Vognch, in which a quartet of strings was employed with beautiful effect, while the pianoforte wife Used most skilfully to support the united instruments and voice together For this fine song Miss Rees received the rare honour of a recall. At the fifth concert next Thursday Mr Otto Linden will be the solo pianist, and Herr Hartung the vocalist A varied and ittra programme is presented 