A DISCLAIMER. To the Editor of The Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Sir, — As I have been charged with having published an article in your paper against the Yackandandah minstrels, will you kindly do me the justice of publishing a flat denial of that charge. As you are aware, sir, I have never before this "written a paragraph for your journal, and never wrote concerning the minstrels (?) in any shape or form. I require an ample apology from the party who. has hastily made the charge against me, ;and if it is not at once forthcoming, 1" will take im mediate steps to enforce it. . It is said that " fools rush in where angels fear to tread," and that aptly expresses the man ner in which some people rush into print. — Yours faithfully, . . D. PARRY. Oorryong, Alay 28th, 1883. Frightened Females. — Two elderly married females who live near each other, about four miles from Mansfield, were (writes the "Delatite Free Press") nearly frightened out of their wits a few evenings ago, neither of their husbands being pre sent at the time. Being in the bush together after sundown,' quite close to their homes, they were startled by an ex traordinary noise which they Imagined to proceed from a supernatural voice- ad dressing them. Not being able to see anything, and too frightened to look, the matrons dropped on their knees and prayed with fervor, but .en a repetition of the strange nGise the elder.of the two started for her house as hard as her legs could carry her. The other female re mained paralysed with terror and amaze ment for a few seconds, but speedily recovering, she ran after her mate to the hut. But the door was not bolted) and her efforts to gain admission were supposed by the first old lady to have been the ghost in pursuit. She succeeded, however, at length in gaining admission, and shortly afterwards it was discovered that the mysterious sounds were caused by the lamentations of a calf in search of its mother. i Stock Movements. — Forty-five fat ; cattle belonging to Mr A. AI'Nab, Brock- | lesby, were trucked at Wahgunyah on , Tuesday for Melbourne, consigned to Air . G. Dougharty. Fourteen hundred and sixty-nine stud ewes, from Benalla Estate, belonging to Messrs Gray and Neill, r crossed on Wednesday morning en route I for Sandy Ridges, Mr Chas. Wallers in , charge. -The Dark River Goldfield. — The t Albury correspondent of the " Argus,: writes : — A gentleman having shares in the Dawn of Day and Nor manby leases, in the vicinity of the Dark Rirer, Mitta Mitta, which are owned by Albury share holders, returned from the reefs last Sun day. Ho brought some 3 cwt. of stone taken from these leases, which is about to be treated in the Bnrdan battery at Footscray. The specimens are excellent, and show good fine gold. Mr T. H. Day, the shareholder referred to, is a practical miner of long standing, and he speaks in the highest terms of the new golfield. Catholic. — The Very Rev. Dr Reville, V.G. of the Diocese of Sandhurst, "who was in Wangaratta for the last three months on business in connection wi th the Catholic Church in this district, left on Tuesday for Sandhurst says "the "Dis patch." The Very Rev Dr Davy, of Benalla, has been appointed to take charge of this mission until tho bishop returns from Europe. Embezzlement by a Bank' Clerk.— a warrant (say3 the "Argus") has been issued for the arrest of John Black, bill clerk at the Oriental Bank, Collins-street West, Alelbourne, on a charge of embezzling two sums of £300 and £307 respectively, the monies of the bank. The accused, who resides at Richmond, has been in the employment of the Oriental Bank for many years; and until recently he held the position of bill clerk, but in consequence of irregularities he was dismissed, about a month ago. It was not then known that any' deficiencies existed in. his accounts, but on a careful investigation being made it was found on Friday last that the books had been falsified, -and deficiencies amounting to . about £1000. existed. A warrant' -was 7 therefore issued- -at, the instance of MrG. H. Traill, the manager, for Black's arrest, on, Saturday.: morning, nnd placed in the hands of IKa defective police for execution. Up to a lite hour on Sunday night the accused had not been apprehended. It is thought that the defalcations are J of -a. mucin more serious character . than is disclosed in- th e - present proceedings. . The Hop Market.— We take Vthe' fol lowing from Tuesday's flBaifnadale Advertiser The weekly. Market reports state that -little .-has been doing in -. hops during the past, week.; /Brewers mow seem satisfied for the . present, ; -and !,fewi sales are making, .the demand beiug for/sniall parcels only for . immediate ' wants/' "Vic torians are moving off quietlyt fijom 2s 8d to 3s 3d for inferior, 3s 5d to 3s.9df for fair and good, and rip tos-1 for -:'5fime. Besides other sraill sales- we-hear ofi line of 100 bales, having been j takea.aup at within these prices. Tasiqanians: f have hardly been noticed, and only/tradq, sales are making up . to 43 ,3d/d'uty/ patd 'for prime samples. ' , Fdr ./the few trnies' of Kent in' stock front 4s Gd'tolifid it/asked1 but'no sales are-making.'0- off? Furniture BaLeV-Wo #oulddireet attention to the'sale of- Air R. H/jenkyns's furniture and "effects, '-which" tak¥si; place in !th'e Oddfellows''' "Hall B'eoclnfbrth/- to- I day- (Thursday).1"-' sis rh 