The Advertiser. PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY, THURSDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. Bairnsdale, Saturday, October 27, 1883. LAST Tuesday we referred to the too apparent inclination of Ministries generally, and Liberal once particu- larly, to abolish endowment to mnunicipal bodico, and(1 at thoe lane time we ndv nuid a few roneous why Government sabsidy to many muni eipalities should be continued for several years to come. It is true that the proposal most favored is one by which endowment, like State aid to religion? Will be permitted to suffer a slow death; but it is equally true that hnany municipalities like Omeo ind Tambo, at the termination of the five years during whichl endowment was proposed to be allowed to gradually expire, would find themselves in a very awkward 'position, and the farmers and miners would find themselves hampered and harassed to a dis heartening extent. Admitting that the threatened danger has been averted for the time, it is nevertheless certain that it will appear again, likeo Banquo's ghost, almost immediately, and con sequently it is the paramount duty of all interested in the welfare of the Bairnsdale, Tambo and Omco shires to keep the question constantly in the foreground, and have the members for North Gippsland and Benambra ever ready to oppose so unjust and iniquitous a proposal as to abolish municipal endowment. The principal argument advanced why this course should be adopted is, in the first place, that subsidising corporate bodies was merely introduced for the purpose of affording temporary assistance to the country districts, and it was never intended that that assistance should be continued. It is urged in the next place that nearly three millions of pounds have been handed from the Treasury since 1874 to the various councils in the colony, which, with nearly eleven millions expended on railway construction would make close on fourteen millions expended in ten years solely for the benefit of country distiricti. Siuch i specious ratiocination would doubtless convince strangers ignorant of the' circumstances of the case, but it can be speedily confuted by those well acquainted; with all its surroundings. It would be folly to deny thait the country districts have benefited immeasureably by the con; struction of railways, but we night askEwhether Melbourne has not reaped the'most direct advantages?. Every line opened has but added to the wealth of the metropolis, and at the same time every line has been mainly constructed by the money derived from the country districts. But admitting that during the past ten years nearly three millions of pounds granted as subsidy to local bodies have been ex pended solely to the advantage of the country districts, we would very much desire to know how much money during that same period has been lavished on the city of Melbourne? The immense sums so spent are lost sight of, except by the struggling farmers who have the most vivid recollection of the large amounts voted from time to time on the adornment of Melbourne. But sup posing that the metropolis did not profit to the smallest extent by the extension of the railway system of the colony, the farmers, graziers and miners, who have had to pay dearly through the protective policy of the State, initiated for the benefit of the artisans of .the centres of population, do not obtain equal advantages from the opening of railways that these said artisans do from protection. Leaving this subject,'however, for a time, and going back to the question of endow ment, we will glance at what would be the probable:result to the ratepayers of the Tambo and Omeo shires if subsidy were abolished in five years. We may take it for a certainty that they will not for some years after that period enjoy the advantages of railway communication, and the councils, left to their own resources, would be unable to make and keep in repair the roads within their territories, or even to attempt to construct the many new roads which would be required to the different mining localities, and the natural consequences, every article required rendered dear through pro tection and heavy freight charged because of bad roads, would tend to strangle farming and mining operations in such districts. In will be many years before the ratepayers of these shires can possibly hope to maintain passable roads without Government assistance, and they have as much right to demand that assistance on protective principles as the artisans have to cry out for import duties on articles which can be manufactured in the colony, and any attempt to pre maturely deprive municipal bodies of the little help at present accorded them would be both unreasonable and unjust. In the supplement which we issue with to-day's publication will be found a re port of a discussion on the want of im migration which took place at the meet leg of the Tariff Commission. VWe hold over several items of district news, and we omit several letters. Most of the latter are on a sulject which we think has now been thoroughly thrashed. An outline of the proceedings of the Debating Club: last.Tuesday, by "A Visitor," is in type, but we are com pelled to hold it over till Tuesday's issue. The cable between Port Darwin and Banjoewangie is still interrupted, which accounts for no European telegrams ap pearing in to-day's issue. At the Bairnsdale Police Court yes terday, before Messrs. Howitt, P.M., and Drevermannn, J.P., Henry Regyard was charged with assaulting an elderly man namsed James Craig, and, the offence having been proved to their wor ships' satisfaction, they were abshout to inflict a fine of 20s or four days' im prisoninint, but complainant desiring the bench to be lenient, as defendant had a wife and family at Emerald HIill, the magistrates reduced the fine to 10s Iwith 2s dil costs, or 48 hours' inmprison ment. Yesterday morning, Mr. Thomson applied at the Licensing Court for a transfer of a publiean's license from Alexander Murray to James ]Durley, of Paynesville, and the application was granted. The next Court of Petty Sessions and Licensing Court at Ilruthen will be hell on the 8th November. Mr. A. W. lHowitt, P.M., will preside. We have been requested to direct attention to an alteration made in the date of Mr. Ilowitt's next visit to, Ilnirnsdale, originally fixed for the 7th November. In consequence of having to attend Onmeo on important business, Mr. Howitt will be unable to arrive at Bairnsdale on the 7th, but he will be here on the afternoon of the 8th, when he will take any business at four o'clock. )The adjourned meeting of the Early Closing Association will be held at l'etersen's Club Hotel at half-pdst eight o'clock dn Monday evening. It is stated that the Backwater is being netted. We do not know how much truth there is in the assertion, but we give publicity to it so that the Anglers' Association may be made ac quainted with the rumor. The Bills of Exchange Bill which has now passed both Houses ol Parlia ment, and will probably receive the as sent of His Excellency the Governor in the course of the next few days, contains a clause that was principally intended to present the defacement of bank notes by advertisements of tradesmen and others. The clause states that any person who defaces a bank note, or who is privy to its defacement, and who afterwards puts the note in circulation or offers it to a bank, shall be liable to a penalty of £5. Persons holding defaced notes would do well to obtain cash for them at once from the banks which issued them, as there might be some difficulty in getting rid of them after the bill has become law. The committee of the Bairnddale Amatrur Dramatic and .Mus'cnl So ciety held a meeting .on Thursday evening, and selected the -pieces to be produced at their. opening entertain ment. These are "The- Unfinished Gentleman" and ';" Lend 'io .Five Shillings.'! The casting committee afterwards met and allotted a number of the characters, and .as soon as copies of the plays, can be procured the work of rehearsing will begin. A ,correspondent, writes :-" To a Buchan correspondent who travels on a Sunday:--if he ever was at Buchan which there is room to doubt--I may remark that thereare a great many like him' who travel on a Sunday: at the Tambo and cross the punts so often that the punoitme have scarcely time to have a bit. of dinner, through the travelling public-as he callsihimselfand two others. I suppose he is oie of those nice little partieswbho travel down one side of the Tambo and up the other, and cross the punts looking for a Sunday's dinner or a' cup of tea. In answer to his threat of complaint to the' council,'I lieg to recommend the councils of the shires of Tambo and' Bairnsdale to charge six pence each to the travelling public on a Sunday, and then .they wil..hear no more complaints from those who are so very fond of crossing the punts, and the money so collected could be given to the lGippsland Hospital. - - -I think it would be a good-plan, as it would put a stop to all complaints if the councils would but adopt it." . It is with regret we learn that Mr. R. S. Anderson, Minister of Justice, is suffering from a severe attack of heart disease. He is confined to his bed, and will not be able to resume his official dulies for some days. An estimate of the expenditure which the Board of Land and Works proposes to incur during the year ending 30th June, 1884, on certain public works, was laid, on Tuesday on the table of the Legislative Assembly. Appended are the items :--Houses of Parliament and new Law Courts (for fittings, furniture, and works necessary to complete the Law Courts for occupation), £20,000 ; open- ing of the entrance to the Gippsland Lakes (towarde piers at new entrance and excavation of new channel), £15,000, Warrnambool Harbor. Improvement Works (towards viaduct, approach, etc., to breakwater), £20,000 ; Belfast Har- bour Improvement Works (towards dredging River Moyne and removing reefs in same), £6,000; Portland Har- bour Improvement Works (towards pier for protection of vessels), £10,000. The Sale Presbyterian Church was on Thursday the scene of a nuptial cere mony causing a good deal of mild ex citement in certain circles, the happy couple being Mr. L. W. King, a former resident of Sale, and Miss Sophia Dunn, a young lady who has resided in Sale nearly all her life, and a large number of her former choolmnates and others, as well as the friends of the bridegroom, assembled in the church. Mr. King was for some years a zealous supporter of the Sale Football and Cricket Clubs, and on many occasions captained them to victory. On leaving the church the happy couple were plentifully showered with rice. They left fortheir new home, Bairnsdale, by the steamer Tanjil in"the afternoon.-l "imes. A motion was made in the Equity Court on Thursday, before Mr. Justice Moleswortlh, in the suit of Heyward v. Martin, for the appointment of a receiver and nmanager of the Combs Station, North Gippsland, on the ground of mis management. Mr. Topp was for the plaintiff, John Heyward, and Mr. A'Beckett for the defendant, Mary Theresa Martin, executrix of her late husband, Andrew Martin. The motion was dismissed without costs. The attack made by the Sun on the IHerald proprietors, respecting their con duct in denouncing certain sweeps, has culminated in Mr. II. W'. Williams, the publisher of the former paper, being committed for trial for libelling the proprietors of the latter. Bail in one surety of £100 was allowed. The Taimbo Shire Council notify that a list ol all rates not paid within one month from date will be handed to the shire solicitor for collector. A very unfortunate accident happened on Wednesday evening to Mr. Sargent, carter, while returning from Forge Creek. When near the cemetery, lie fell off his dray, and the wheel passing over his thigh fractured it. Dr. M'Leani rode up soon after the accident, and having lifted Mr. Sargent into the dray and instructed the boy who was with the injured man to drive home, came into lliirnsdale, and shortly afterwards D)rs. Duncan and Morgan proceeded to Sar gant's house and set the limb. In the Assembly on Wednesday even ing, in reply to Mr. Gaunson, Mr. Ser vice said that whether the Government would proceed any further this session with the Local Government Bill dc pended entirely upon the progress of business in thie Iiouse. The monasure, with or without modiflicationo-probably with modifications-imlight be proceeded with if they could get the other work on ; but at the present moment he was not prepared to say anything definite, Accountp for D, Allen, J. Bulmer, J. Cameron, J. Cowell, J. Elliott, G. W. Fereday, D. Fitageraldl, F. Holloway, J. Hubbard, U. IHoddinott. jun., WV. 11. Haylock, E. Jones, W. Kellie, t. M'Clov, J. Nicholl, H. B. Robinson, W. Stephenson, J. L. Stormont, G. H. Watson and W. J. Webb, are at tie Receipt and Pay office, Bairnsdalo. How to get n Suit of Clothes for Fivo Shillings! Consult II. E. Gaunn, Main Street.--AVT. Support local industry and circulato tho cost of manufacturing in your own district. You can do this in a great measure by purchasing none but the Balrnedale Bfanddd Flour, the quiality of which, as now manufactured, cannot be surplassed in the colony. The proprietor of the mills has not only not spared any expense in introducing the latestimproved machinery, but bias also largely imported choice wiheats from other parts of the colony, which has enabled him to turn out a really first-class article. Tho above facts only require to be generally known, and tbhe flo-r tested, for the efforts of the proprietor to be fully appreciated by the cads of families.-[ADVT.] 