(from a correspondent.) The, hounds of the SJH. dub ' threw off' ;at the racecourse on Saturday last, \ the' quarry being a deer, kindly, lent by j Mr Richard Harrisson, of Jericho. The buck; that-had been marked for duty onj the,' occasion proving too waiy, a dop had to ? be substituted: Unfortunately the animal, like aU park^bred deer, was nn- : used to jumping, so the hunt after ^ier proved - jath'er a taine affair.' ? 'Amongst the mounted group I noticed She master on Denmark, Air R. Harrisson pn a bay that will take some beating in the Camp bell Town Alaiden Steeplechase, Dr. G. Butler, Mr Bisdee and a- lady friend, Mr Agnew on ' Royal Oak, and Air Norman on Leo — not his ghost as we supposed until the errror regarding Ins death was explained to us. Amongst the remainder, making about 20 in aU, I saw two ladies. An impromptu chase, during the usual grace, afforded the spectators nearly as much -amusement as the event, to see which had drawn them so far from home. ' In her frantic search for .a gap in the fence, the deer attracted the notice of two horses that were grazing r in the vicinity, and these, evidently; .entering into the. spirit of the fun, itook up the chase and rushed the .spiritless, game up and down the fence to such an extent , that what little energy she possessed at starting, being in veiy fat condition, must have been severely taxed before the hounds started in pursuit. Shortly after they closed we had a decided proof that the poor beast was not in trim for the purpose, as an «asy four-railer prored too high, and her effort .to clear it resulted in a fall — back among the dogs, which were whipped off to enable' the deer to make afresh start. Still keeping along the - fence the quarry at last struck a friendly -lane (going to the top of it and back agalaso exhausted it)thatthesports-- men decided on sending . home their pumped-out quarry, and having a drag to give the dogs a spin to finish up the meet. I am glad to learn that this deer recovered, the last one, a buck, having died from its exertions in the chase. Of course every, acknowledgment should be, and is, made 'to those gentlemen who so gener ously^ supply this valuable item in the . requisites ,of .a hunt, but our experience now proves that tame deer are not: adapted to, the purpose.. -A drag .having been stifted, a short but pleasant spin was- indulged in, when the field, as usual, adjourned to the Alidland Hotel for dinner. Fortunately there were no mis haps, at least none that reathed me. 