Jaimhial Bitcllujeiice. CRANBouENE.r-^/The anniversary tea-meeting in connection with St. John's ?Church took place on Wednesday, 23rd nil., and proved a very successful gathering. After tea a public' meeting was held; Mr. Jobson (the reader of the distiict) in the chair, who read most interesting and encouraging reports of Chinch and Sunday-school progress, the attendance at divine service and Holy Communion having greatly increased during the past twelve months. A superin tendent had been obtained for the Sunday-school, in the person of Mr. A. Clark. The Rev, B. Rodda gave a very instructive address on parochial matters, and was listened to with great pleasure. The chairman presented a pair of gold spectacles to 'Mr. A. Thomson, the organist, accompanied by an address (to be illuminated), expressive of the committee's sense of his long continued services so cheer fully given to the Church. Mr. Thomson, in reply, stated that abundant evidence was around them of the exertions of Mr. Jobson during the past two years, ho having now six places where he regu larly conducted divine service, whereas there wore only three places taken up in connection with the Cranbourne district when he came; and said that though himself a Presbyterian he would do all in his power to help Mr.'.Jobson in the large and good work in which he was so actively engaged. Mr. Auketell moved, and Mr. A. Clark seconded, a hearty vote of thanks to the ladies who had so liberally provided the refreshments. ' A vote of thanks to the speakers and the chairman I brought a most enjoyable evening to a close. Mr. Jobson mentioned that it was his intention to give religious instruction in the State schools in each of the six districts under his care. East Melbourne. — About four years ago a new chancel was added to Trinity Church, at a cost of about £1300. This amount has been since reduced to £85, and the churchwardens, wishing to build an organ chamber and obtain a new organ for the church were desirous of clearing off the balance before entering into new liabilities. An appeal was, therefore, made on the 3rd June to the congregation by the incumbent, the Rev, H. N. Wollaston, and on the j following Sunday' the Bishop preached a sermon in aid of that object, i to a large congregation. The text selected for the occasion was part I of Acts i. 8 — ' But ye shall receive power after that the Holy G-host I is come upon you ; and ye shall be witnesses unto Me.' I _ Moenington.— The walls of our church here have been whitened I inside and coloured throughout, much to the improvement of the appearance of the building. A project is now on foot to put illumi \ nated texts in different parts of the church. The suggestion has s been warmly taken up by private members of the congregation, with I the Sunday-school and the choir. The text chosen for the Sunday school is ' Feed My lambs,' and for the choir, ' Praise the Lord.' When the whole is completed it is expected the work will be pleasing to the eye, and at the same time that it will carry home some good lessons to the heart. Nortiicote,— All Saints' Church celebrated the opening of the new organ built by Mr. Auderson on the 7th June by a full choral service, the Bishop being the preacher. The instrument is composed of the manual eight stops, which include two very fine solo stops, a separate Bourdon pedal organ and composition pedals. Under the manipulation of Mr, G. H. Davies, the organist of the church, its quality was fully tested, and proved most satisfactory. Bridge water's services were chosen and for the anthem Allan's ' In the beginning,' the soprano solo being beautifully rendered. , The large congregation listened with rapt attention to the Bishop's discourse, which fully put forth the advantages and importance of small beginnings in good things. Noiith Richmond.— On Thursday evening, 10th May, a meeting was held in St. Matthins1 Church school to bid good-bye to the Rev. J. B. and Mrs. Sharp, who were contemplating a trip to Europe. The chair was tnken by the Rev. J. R. Walker, the clergyman in charge of the parish pending the arrival of Mr. Sharp's successor, the Rev. J. Dawborn. The meeting was a thoroughly representative one, and comprised guardians, Sunday-school teachers, and scholars, together with a good sprinkling of Church workers and members generally. From the tenor of Mr. Sharp's speech, he appeared to think that his efforts to advance the interests of the parish both temporarily and spiritually had not been so successful as they might have been, but judging by the practical proofs of their esteem, his congregation thought differently, for both Mr. and Mrs. Sharp were the recipients of several costly and beautiful presents. The guardians, on behalf of the congregation, gave Mr. Sharp a very chaste silver pocket communion service ; from the teachers and scholars he received a beautiful gold cross, with a diamond in the centre ; while Mrs. Sharp was presented with. a handsome album and a lady's hand bag. Several speeches, interspersed with songs suitable to the occasion, were given, not the least pleasing feature of the evening .being ajrecitation by a young lady teacher. The piece was composed .for the. occasion by; another lady, also connected with St. Matthias', and paid a well deserved and. touching tribute of respect and affec tion to their late pastor and his amiable wife. These kindly and seasonable tokens must have proved to Mr. Sharp that his fears were .groundless, and that, so far at least as his parishioners were concerned, the parting need not have taken place. It may be mentioned in closing that Mr. Sharp has merely gone away for twelve or eighteen months, and not finally left the diocese, as it has been reported. South Yarra. — The Rev. W. Kennedy Brodribb, B.A., who has recently returned to this colony, after an absence of several years, and is about to take work in a district of the parish of South Yarra, as cuiatc to his brother-in-law. Rev. H. Tucker, before leaving Eng land received sundry gratifying proofs of the affection felt to him by the people of Hove, near Brighton, his late parish. The Working Men's Club presented him with a marble timepiece, and at the same time an address on vellum was presented to him, signed by 800 of the working classes of Ventry Ward, expressive of warm attachment and gratitude to himself and his wife, and sincere regret at their depar ture. From another district of the parish, inhabited by a well-to-do population, Mr. Brodribb also received the parting gift of a handsome clock and candelabra. South Yakha.— The Eev. W. K. Brbdvibb has lately arrived from England to assist in the parish of South Yarra. and especially to undertake the charge of the new district of St. Martin's. A site for church and parsonage, at the corner of Cromwell-road and Wilson street, has been approved by the Council of the Diocese, and pur chased for the local committee for about £1000. Moreover, tenders have been invited for erection of the first portion of the proposed church — the choir and sanctuary about fifty feet in all, which, it is estimated, will cost about £700 — and of a two-storied brick parson age. It is expected that both these works will be completed in about four months. The Rev. Herbert Taylor has also been engaged to render assistance at South Yarra, in addition to his duties at Haw thorn, while the Rev. W. T. Beaty Pownall, M.A., Chaplain and Master at the Grammar School, has been licensed as Honorary Curate at South Yaira. .St. Kilda. — A.11 Saints' Church Union. — As we have not sent any accounts of our meetings to this paper for some time past we will give briefly those since April. On the 10th we held the following debate : — ' Is war under any circumstances consistent with Christi anity 1' After some good arguments it was won by the affirmative side. On the 17th and 24th we held social evenings for the members only, when we had some very good songs, recitations, and instru mental music on both evenings. This amusement is found to be very attractive, to the young members especially, and at such times we have a good muster. May. —On the 1st Dr. W. H. Enabling gave a very interesting lecture on 'The Reason Why the Anglican Church and the Presbyterians can never be in Unison.' On the Sth the Rev. J. II. Gregory delivered an address on subjecls leading to the holy eucharist, at the same'time asking all members to be present on the following Sunday morning at eight o'clock, as it was Whitsunday. A great many members were present on that occasion. On the 15th a debate was held on the ' Sunday Observance.' On putting it to the vote, the majority were in favour of the opening of the Public Library and Picture Gallery on Sunday afternoon. On the 29th our oixth quarterly entertainment was given. The concert was very good. Unfortunately the evening was very wet, consequently there was a small audience. June. — On the 5th Mr. Arthur Wadaworlh gave a lecture on the ' Moon ;' 12th, Dr. H. Embling delivered a lecture on the :t Holy Catholic Church,' showing the difference between the different Catholic bodies—viz., the Anglican, Roman, and Greek. On the 19th the following subject-—' Ought the State to Enforce the Teaching of the Bible in her Schools ?'— was debated. This was losfc by two votes against the State having anything to do with religion. On the 26th a social evening was given for members only. 