V THE PHCENIX PARK/MURDERS. ntltree more prisoners charged with the Phoenix " Park murders have been sentenced,to behanged — N Michael Fagan, Patrick Delaney .and "Thomas V.Caffrev. Fi'tzharris /" Skin the Goaf?'.') was found "not guilty. The trial of Ftigan was cbcluded on \- theVist of May, when he 'was found guilty and sentenced to death. After the'trial of Fitzharris, Patrick Helaney was p,ut forward. In answer to the question- whether he was guilty or not guilty of the murder of Mr. Bourke, " I ant guilty of being in the Park, but did not commit the murder. 1 plead guilty," His Lordship : "That is a plea of not guilty ; you are arraigned on an indict ment to murder, and the punishment of that crime, whether-.you plead guilty or. not guilty, is death. Do you plead guilty of the murder of Mr. Burke?" Prisouer : "I plead guilty." In reply to the'usual question he said My Lord, — I was brought into this without knowing what it was. I was brought into it at first foolishly. I was forced from my work to go there. We liacl to obey the laws or take the consequences, and | when I got to the park I could not get oqt of it. ' N-I saw the murders take place, but toqk bo part inthem. For my own sake I wentjpn Ifeyknagh's a car. He spoke the truth, and so ojd taney. I \ took no act or part in the murder. It was ljrady % and Kelly committed the murders, aq.d no ther prisoners. About Judge Lawsonit jwas I -yho %aved Judge Lawson's life at the risk of my own. ftwas put on to shoot him, and the only way was tqulraw the marine's attention to it, and I pre ferred at the time to go to prison. I was put on it by Mullctt and Joe Brady." Mr Justice O'Brien : " You have pleaded guilty to an indict ment charging you with the crime of murder. It is a great pify to see a man lie you — a trades man '«ot very tereat skill, and htbing worked for manytoersoivs of eminent stationV-no\y arraigned and dqpmsd to death , as you must Ije doomed. With regard to the attempt upon thg life of Judge Lawsonjiit was because 1 saw by your Conduct that youA showed sgme_ little trait of personal \ eelibg and considerqtion fqr.yourwifand family . '.that led me to'.entertaja some pity for .you at the \ trial. ! Younow'see tne misery you have brought upon yo'tir wife' and childj£n' b this'- wicked system of conspiracy. I haye biff one dq£y to perform, and that is to pronounce the sentence which the law impose." His lordship, assuming the black cap, sentenced him to be executed on the and June. . Thomas Caffery also pleaded guilty, adding.: " All that I have got to say now, standing on the brink of the grave, is that I did not know what was going to happen until 20 minutes before: 1 was bound to go there or my life would have been taken." Mr. Justice O'Brien : ' Thomas Caffrey, I have no infcans of judging whatTs. the truth of the statement you, have now madc.Y However, U do not desire to be under stood asinecessarily thinking that the" statement is whollyuntrue. You are another terrible' ex- ample of the. awful and far reaching consequences \ of a great crime,- and of -Ihis abominable and 'destructive system of secret conspu-acy, which has. carried .ruin arid desolation intjp so many Homes."" Sentence of death was thenkpassed in the usual form, the execution also beinfe fixed for theft 2nd J une. , " A , \\- \ In some" counties of- EnglandVgrcat 'attention is paid to the tirfte and day of the birtlv'of a.;cliild. I<i Devonshire they say children born at midnight have the power of seeing ghosts, while those born by daylight never see such tilings. In Cornwall they say that when a child is born between an old- moon and the appearance of a new, rriqbn it will never reach -the-agc of puberty. The following CornishTines'mayj'be interesting : — " Sunday's clrid i'full qf grace, Moijla>;'s child js full/n the face, Tuefidayls chiftLis solemn and 4ad, Weffliesd&y;'s cffil.d i/merry and glad, ThuKday'?chiUl fs. inclined to thieving, Friday's chifd fe freh in giving, 1 Saturday's chifd wprks hard for his living." Sunc&y; is ragaoled as a lucky day both in Engkmd tunj on the continent. In Yorkshi$i Sunday 'children, as jthey are called, arfesaid t</be shcure ftpm feiemalice of evil spirit/. In Sussex bcKpfjponsiders them safe frprp hanging\or drowning ; in Sussex, top, jliey say bajpies' caps must be left ofTthe first time oh Sunday, and then no chid will be taken.; In. CorjiwaU they call children, born in' May—" May diets ; H and an old proverb declares— " May chcts bad luck begets." 1 his superstition is, however, fcontradicted 1 by the- life M our Queen Vifctoriar- jn ' BrittanyhcyVbclieve that if child is boniinTea£> fdk either it or .'thek mother will Siepiferd'he year is out. \Iq the county of Dbrfiati%the same belief exists I11 Cumberland, k Westmoreland, and Northumberland, top, the women all wear round their necks blue woollen threads or small cords until they wean their infants, for the purpose of warding off fevers or, as they are nicknamed; " weeds and onfas." These threads are handed down from mother to child, and are esteemed in proportion to the" antiquity. An eminent French physician says the three chief enemies tohcalth are ignorance prejudice, aikl custofr\ and winds up a stirring essay 35 follows :". Let us banish then from our way of living these strange and dangerous elements, and let us strive to. arrive at havingycally good health, wTnch_consists in a sou rfcl mind and asound heart iTrh- i&ound; body. uch is surely our reasonable duty to GodJ-to man, and to ourselves." 