^P®ETRY, SKLopikB Doves. U stood In the court of the King, ibthe mld«t,throagh the open door, came one whoiabrofeen wing tralledon the goldenfloor. •gd #)is ^he,. and_tr6man,and dove ; .Dove and shgel all womanly blent ; With the virginal charm that Is worshipped c T-'Wi*-' •• — — On the Mther side of tiie firmament. ^ Where a rainbow hidejhthe holiest plaoe, . Thither the moved, and there she kneeled; 4»d fain wlth'ber Wibgs jrouldhave. 1 veiled her faoe, Bre the bow Jhould be lifted, and God Mdag.<. it •;<: < • "JU the angels' wont; and afresh ahe wept, _ Aa with maimed pinion she strove |n vain, And tremor on tremor convulsively swept Per her pauses in a ahnddering iris of pain. And the angels who dwell from sorrow remote Gazed onherwoe at a marvellous thing; Tor they wist; lint of pain from its echoes that float In the strange new songs that the ransomed •Ing. '< Sister," at length salda shining one, • To whom earth's dovee for a care were given, What hast thon done, or left undone, That grief through thee ahould be known heaven ? " When together for joy the Bngels sang, Calling the new-made world torejoloe, Sweeter thin all hogannas that rang Was the trembling rapture that thrilled thy voice. "For thine was the grace to minister then— Ob, favoured child of the heavenly hoat !— To the sacred and lovely live* that wear The tnystto shape of the Holy Ghost. " And we marked thy flight as the flight of a dove, Till the luminous vapours wound thee curled. And we aaid,' She Is glad in her errand of love To the happy gladea of the new-born world, " And now thou returnest woe-stricken as one . That hath fallen from grace and is unfor* gtlUL What hast thou done, or left undone, That grief through thee should be known in heaven 1" IWnt was her voice as an eoho Jbeard From the past by the soul in dreamful mood Sweet and sad as the plaint of a bird Mourning forlorn in solitude. "I tended my doves," she said through her tears, By day and by night, In storm and calm. Happily flew die uncounted years In bowers of myrtle and grovee of palm, "Many, alas, were the beautiful desd, But the life of the race wss always new, For, ever ere one generation fled. 4i}ut of its love another grew. "And many a dove for man's sake died, Noted in heaven with none offence, Save when the heart of the chiel took pride In alaying the witness of lnnooenoe. "When countless seasons had come and gone, Come and gone .as a happy dream, One noon of anmmer I lingered upon ^The eastward marge of a sacred stream, " And io, 'mid a crowd on the further side, That stood in the stream or knelt on the I saw—though a veil of flesh did hide The splendonr of Godhead—the Son of God. "And, ev'n as I gazed, the azure above Burst into gloix that dimmed fixe sun j And the Spirit Of God in the form of a dove I saw; desoehd on the Holy One. deemed that my task was over then; "Tia the dawD,' Isaid, 'of the reign of love Henoeforth my doves will be safe with men, Since God bath hallowed the form of the dove.' ' " Then I soared aloft, but again returned; For I said in my heart, k I will not cease From^y<*re,tillmaufrom His lips hath 'learned-' •-•' That^e blrds have a dure in the Gospel '' And it ohanoed on a day lu the soft spring. ^ -tldp, , When birds were joyous and love was sweety I saw the Lord on a mountain aide, A»d with Him were twelve, who sat at His feet. . "Audi heard Him say, 'Not a sparrow dotb '•.-..•-fall - To the ground but your Father taketh note,' Then all the air new musical, Andjwng awoke in each warbling throat "For into blrd-mnsic the message passed. And from choir to choir in melody ran | And I aaid,' My mission is over at last, Farewell, my doves. Ye.are safe with man, "Weeping, yet gladsome, I soared aloft, Bring fainof the glories of other spheres, Whoee beckoning lustre had lured me oft In starry midnights of bygone yean. "And on seal of sther and isles of light Through ages of . joy I floated or trod, Till!chanced on anlangelin upward flighty Bearing an infant home to God, "And m waft of earth from thptflowers that lay On ths young dead breast taune sweet and 't-JUnt j -- 9 ^ JUifligrieu dteam-eohoed from far away, Ilieart wthetwoodlands the turtle's plaint, For memoir woks it the flowers' gTeet jMfiUk *'^^-'iplHt>arned to the earth again, y^Gwjist thon tell, oh angdjof ><dajr.* SiSiS „ jSj arid appealing «mnd Vu$i on mine ear, aodroloes of mirth; iwerth pap a,dove> fell'dead to the 'fSnrely the rather will God give ear. To one who knoweth what He-hath known Surely the rather will JBBUS hear, Who Suffered.** I, for love of His own, " Oan it be that the great Lord doth not know • How Christ is needed on earth again t Rise, lingering curtain I that I may show The wounds of my doves, and may pray for men." Slowly the rainbow rose, parting In twain ; And, lo, in the mldat of the throne of love There stood a Lamb as it had been slain ; And over the throne there brooded a dove. —Br J. BRTTOTON STEPHENS, in the Atutralakan 