''An Ower True Tale" A LOUISVILLE paper is responsible for the following story, which it asservs is vouched for on good authority. It is related that Mr. Sam M'Curdywas sitting 'neath the.shade of a tree in the back-yard of hie residence on play, near Franklin Street, talking to some friends, when his attention waa called to a hen with a brood of young chickens and a large tat that bad just imraerged from ile hole and was quietly regarding the young chickens with the prospect of a meal in view. As the rat came from bis .hole the house cat awoke from her afternoon nap and caught sight of the rat.; Crouching low, she awaited develop ments, and stood prepared to spring upon me ratship. At the appearance of his ancient enemy the cat, a Sootch terrier, which bad been sunning itself in the wood shed, pricked an.its eara and quietly made for the place where the cat stood. At this moment a boy named Andy Quali came upon the rcene. The cbiofcen* were not cognisant of being watched by the rat, nor did the rnt see the 'Cat, nor the feline the dog, who had not noticed thecoralngoftheboy. A little chick wandered too nig)) and he waB seised by the rat" which was in turn pounced upon by the cat, and the cat was caught in the mouth of the dog. The rat wouldnot cease biB hold on the chicken, and the cet, in spite of the shaking she was getting from the dog, did not let go the rat. It -was fun for the bay, and iu high glee he watched the contest and the etrugplo of each of the victims. It seauied to him that the rat was about to escape after a time, and seizing a stone he hurled it at the rodent. The aim waa not good, And the stone struck the dog right between the eyes. The terrier released his grip on the oat and fell over dead. It had breatbod its last before the cat in turn let go the rat, and turned over and died, llie rat did not long survive the enemy, and by the side of the already dead chicken he laid him self down and gave up the .ghost. The owner of the dog was so angry at bis death that he is said to have come near making the story complete by killing the boy that killed the dog that shook the cat that caught the rat that bit the chioken on Clay Street. 