THE HEIR OF THE CB/O WESTS. .Crowest .left a widow and three children—two eons and a daughter. The eldest, Jhe young Earl, was only six years of age. When her husband died Ladv Crowest ceased to reside at Crowest Court, the family seat in Warwickshire. She had a prejudice. against the place, though it was thepride^of the neighborhood, and she there fore readily. coiiBented to the suggestion of the trustees that it should be let for a term of years. A tenant was forthcoming in the of a wealthy Australian merchant. "»H Palmer. ^ This gentleman became highly popularrin the district, fie was a kind and geueroos host, a thoughtful neighbor, and a good friend to the poor. He had a pleasaut wife and two pretty daughters, and his wealth naturally obtained for him admission into the charmed circle of the best county society. Crowest afforded capital shooting, and the Palmers always had the house full of rather oddly-assorted guests during the «.nhi^in, Towards the end of last year,' a young' subaltern named Charlie Bathnnt was invited for a few days. His regiment was stationed at a neighboring town, and Mr. Palmer happening to hear that the young man was a connection of the Crowest family— a distant cousin of the late Earl—good-naturedly asked Jum to come and make acquaintance witra the ancestral estate, and more particu larly .with the excellent preserves. Charlie ! B^thprst was a handsome, blue- tsjed lad of 20, who had a happy knack of ingratiating ; himself with every one. He was veiy boyish, and his honest simplicity and high spirits soon wpn.aU hearts. His visit to Crowest was a decided success, and it was prolonged con siderably beyond its intended limits. On the evening before the day on which f? was-^after many false etartB—to rejoin ™ regiment, the male guests were seated zound the smoking roopi fire before retiring • to rati when, as .frequently happens towards the witching hour of midnight, the converea- | non turned .upon the subject of supernatural appMituww. Several stories were told of a Wood-curdling tendency, and, at length, some one asked lfCrowest Court did not possess a. haunted-room. "Not that I know of," answered Mr. Palmer. There was no ghost included in the leases at least, I didn't stipulate for one." . " I never hratd of there being a ghost." interposed a neighbor who had been prevailed upon to stay the night; "but I have a recollection of hearing some story about one of the. rooms." "Tp.besure," eagerly added another local magnate. "There is a legend that many years ago-—at the beginning of the last centuiy—the eldest son of the then Lord Crowest murdered a guest in his sleep. Ever since the room in which the deed was com zutted ,has been kept closed for it is said that any heir of the Crowests who slept there would never live till the morning." "JJonsense! Absurd 1 An old woman's stoiy, said Dr. Boulton, a Cambridge Pro fessor, who had cut and dried opinions on most subjects. " Veiy likely ; I am only repeating what I nave heard, said the narrator, rather curtly. . "Has any heir of the Crowests ever died in the room!" inquired CharlieBathurst, who had listened open mouthed. it would be interesting to know that, said the professor, who seemed per sonally aggrieved by the story. "The old housekeeper might know. She hashved' with the Crowests all her life. If she hasn t gone to bed. we will ask her to step •^>a^mer3 ringing the bell. A; few minutes later the old lady was courtseying in the doorway rather abashed by the company, and coughing at the tobacco Buxoke. The professor immediatelv assailed her with questions—" tabled her,""to use her ®J"i expression—with the object of proving that.the stoiy was a complete myth. But the housekeeper stood upon her dignity; and as she evidently regarded the haunted chamber as a family distinction, she' did her best to maintain its character. She was forced to admit, however that no one had e^erdied there within her recollection; that she had never seen a ghost, nor been witness to any supernatural event in connection with the zoom; and, finally, she was brought to confess that the room was unaccountably damp, which was the chief reason of its not having been utilised. "There is no mystery whatever you see," said the Professor, addressing the company when_ the housekeeper had left the room. ThiB is an instance of how ghosts are created. A room is shut up for sanitary reasons. It remains shut for a year or two, and then some idler begins towag his tongue, and gives wind to a cock and bull story which soon develops into a legend. I hope this shall be the last we bear of ■ there being a haunted room at Crowest You ought to make one of the servants sleep there, Maimer, and so put an end to this nonsense." "I should never get a servant to sleep in the room, said Mr. Palmer, " unless, at all events, some one would sleep there first, so as to break the spell. I really don't rtiinlr it is worth while making a foss about." "Perhaps the Professor would like to try the experiment," suggested one of the com pany, significantly. "I would without hesitation," said the Professor with evident sincerity; "only I confess that.at my age, even in the «tiim of civilization and the enlightenment of my fellow creatures, I shrink from sleeping in a daipp room. Rheumatism makes a man a eowfi-d in such cases.1' thei*- By Jove! I should like to, cried young Bathuret, eagerly. " I'd ?Cea gh°8t; r*e never had a real adventure in my life, and this will be SISfe»ng to; teIk about at mess, at all pJJ^lL?011^,86' ^ h°y" Mr. £„®,' ^ngiiwg, like the rest, at the young feHow* eagerness. "What is the good? « wuy t° ape ?°mg 8w*y *° sorrow." Weif,:I can sleep there fb-nieiit;Bn W Plessedo!» t?e]i? whoseraned delighted st the prospect: » j *f1D®mber the damp. You will your death of cold," objected his host. , .cart hare a fire, I suppose? Besides ~»U£ptTOMP"^,heb°*«« S i ' reluctantlJ> for his hospit able. aoal was Texed at the idea of a guest passing in uncomfortable night, even at his own request. "There can be'no real risk! 3Con are not even the heir of the Crowests." __J5? BUch Iuck' said the boy j " I wish I were. tion»Sfc » a rul^r BupereK ^ Professor, convincingly. °*f?r to P^pare ihe room was given, and caused some little excitement among the a^fante. But inasmuch as the apartment had been occasionally entered in the day tome, and its evil reputation was only vaguelv known, there was no difficulty in getting the secessaij preparations made. When it was wady^the occupants of tho smoking mom faooped m a bodyaiong the corridor to in spect it. Young Bathuret led the van, evidently proud of his undertaking, and could not for ^ expressing disappointment at the homely aspect of the room. It was of fair size, and had apparently been repapered at no veiy dis tant date, though the walls were a good deal discolored with damp. An antiquated four poster, devoid of hangings, stood in a corner, but most of the rest of the furniture had enaently been gathered promiscuously from other bedrooms. A huge fire blazed up the chimney, and, considering the short tim» at their disposal^ the servants had done wonders e room.cheeiy and comfortable. *oil my W0I^> it's a capital room," said me professor, standing in the middle of it and looking around approvingly. « That fire tosonvBH away the damp air already." I nope so," said Mr. Palmer, who was fussing about superintending all arrange -e-t i a.uM-ria4riZ*TT . .Were Jou- A room that hasn't been slept in for years can't be healthy." Well, here I am, and here Fm going to stay, returned the lad, taking -up his in front of the fire with an amusing air of propnetorslnp. "TU belyon a sovereign, Mr. Pialmer, I shall sleep as well as you do.' ifte host laughed good-humorediy, and having exchanged " Good night" with every one, young Bathuret at length found himself \n PS8^®1<>n,0f the apartment. He carefully locked the- door, and then made a short loui of inspection. He began to feel a little bit '■22? fcJlat was ieft aIone' for> tell t»e truth, the ghost stones he had heard had rather upset his nerves. His purpose of sleeping in the room was a piece of boyish bravado, arising partly from a love of adven ture, and partly from a desire to distinguish ^msetf. He* was rather reUeved, therefore, now that lthadcome to the point, to find Dotting m the aspect of the room calculated to inspire alarm. He took a precaution, how ever, upon turning into bed, to place under his Pillow, a. neat Utile revolver, which as a newly- fledged officer, be carried about with mm as part of his personal luggage. T*«ng thoroughly fared ont with the exertions of the 1\. »f. w?>n "ecame drowsy, and, in a re markably short space ot time, was eound asleep. .Breakfast at Crowest, under the Palmers' ^P}eamn^ dawdling meal which lasted tall mid-day. Ihe next morning nearly ™wd the table ^ .en o clock, but £hwlie Bathuret was one of the absentees The younger Miss Palmer pouted "LH^ she cherished a sentimental attachment for the lad, and felt slighted at his being late on his last morning. But no one else thought anything of the oireumstance— or, indeed noted it, for he was not famous for being an early riser. In the middle of break last the post-bag was brought in, and a lull occurred in the conservation, broken onlv by desultory comments uttered by the diffwnt members of the party in reference to their All of a sudden the hostess looked up f«>m a fetter she was reading, and tot""*" "hici tatSE*'** "T de"?" •« 1 hav® a letter from Lady Blanche Marchmond— you know who I mean, John: the Earl of Lindou's daughter who was so civil to the girfs ]aafi season— containing the- most startling news. This is «h» p-oledediortJi £ "Toukwnr, dear Mm P.taer, that I an not a purveyor of scandal j but I cannot help telling you the latest, because it will interest and rimTrli ^y°U -8re U"ne afc Crewest, and I am afraid there is no doubt it is per fUe" know weaU thought Lady aBd cons^ered it odd of her to have preferred to live abroad so much, as she was left so well off. There was Sys a mystepr about her antecedents, but as she ™tt!° e-ICan,Tnobod^ t00* &ny; t~uble to htSj^ 9°me®' J?^,10,r inspires that she had been mamed before, and what is worse® SJJf1 J88 *™d up. He went to the S solicitors, and wished to be 9 was> of course, refused, Sr ^ I8Jknown over London. No one believes Lady OrowestwilfuUy committed hSSnd ffear she discovered that her 8000 after Bhe married a «^nd time, and concealed the fact from the «mf» T 8B,y -e maD 18 a ®reat ecoundrel, 18 rather Pitied; but the Here Mr» Palmer came to an abrnot a ton and hurriedly folded up the letter, apparently recollecting _all of a sudden that there were young people present at the table. For the same reason no discussion ensued, but the men exchanged glances. There had been Lad^ Crowest for a eeto fhe title now, then ? " inquired the Professor, in a matter of fact tone as he ot the pa^r™ i" -"mured Mr. *'",cked •'w» I suppose it wUl go to the late 33m>1'b chase." worth a year's pur Wo; not even married, nor likel®- i» s.. *pirae MfUm ■>"» rt£K" fa*h BjB™™,,.. ml/S ££• *3" "My goodness me! Do you hear that, Professor ? " Baid Mr. Palmer, looking rather uneasy. " He is the heir of the Crowests, and be slept in that room last night. He doesn't seem to have come down yet. Here Jakes," he added, turning to the butler, " go at once to Mr. Bathnret's room—the blue room in the north wing—and ask when he is coming down." " It is rather a singular coincidence, now you mention it," returned the Professor evi dently struck. " But of course the Jegend is all nonsense. He will tell us presently that he never slept better in his life,"-he added, in a reassuring tone. But almost before he had finished speaking the butler returned, looking rather scared. He had met one of the footmen, who waa just coming .to say that Mr. Bathurst's room was locked on-the inside, and he could not make him hear. " Come, some of you!" cried Mr. Palmer, starting up, bis rnddy face turning suddenly pale. "I hope to God no ill-has. befallen him." Followed by several of his guests, Mr. Palmer harried to the corridor in which the young man's room was; situate, and made a rigorous onslaught upon the panels of the door with his knuckles, at the same time calling the lad byname. No answer being returned, a hurried consultation was held, and; it was decided to burst open the door; bnt, ere this could be done, the housekeeper ap peared with a . duplicate key. With some difficulty, the key on the inside was dislodged, and the door opened from without. The host was the first to enter the room, and, as he did so, he uttered an exclamation of relief. This young man was apparently sleeping calmly, his fair head half buried in the pillow. But a closer inspection excited a dreadful suspicion, and it then transpired that the poor lad was cold and dead. On turning down the bed clothes, the cause: of death was at once revealed. By his side lay his little revolver, which had evidently been discharged, for the white sheets of the .bed bore a crimson stain. Of course this painful tragedy was the result of a pure accident, which might have happened to any one imprudent enough to sleep with a loaded revolver under his pillow. The Professor, whose nerves were stronger than those of the rest of the party, proceeded to prove this to a demonstration then and there. A tiny fragment of the sheet was torn and adhered to the trigger of the revolver. Evidently the weapon had slipped down from under the pillow, and a Sold of tbe sheet had caught in the trigger. A sudden move of the sleeper had caused a strain on this particular fold, which brought about the explosion of the weapon, with fatal results. The poor boy's night-shirt was scorched and blackened where the stain of blood appeared, showing that the muzzle of the revolver must have been almost tonching his body when the fatality occurred. ' The Professor's theory was plausible enough, and, in fact, there seemed little doubt that the 8ad event had come about in the. manner suggested ; yet there was not a person pre sent who did not immediately recal to mind the sinister fact that the poor young man had met his death in the room which was said to be fatal to the Crowests. "There will be an inquest, of course," con cluded the Professor, " and then tbe cause of deBth will be so clearly proved, that to con Beet it with that absurd aoperstitution will be out of the question.1 Truth. 