Before the Curtain. Gaiety Theatre. — On Friday and Saturday last week Shakes- pere's .magnificent tragedy of Hamlet was produced, Mr. W. E. Sheridan assuming the title-part for the first time in the colony. Hamlet is not a subject for joking, so Mr. Punch drops, for once, the cap and bells, in order to assume the sword and balance. Mr. Sheridan's Hamlet is a fine and masterly conception, posses sing great individuality, and carried out with consumate skill. It is based upon the Hamlets of the older school (now well-nigh extinct), but tempered somewhat with the easy polish of the Theatre Frangais. But it is no copy. Mr. Sheridan completely — and to our mind most properly — rejects the theory of Hamlet's madness ; for how such a theory could so long have found acceptance in face of the light that Shakspere himself has thrown upon the subject in the Second Quarto, has always been a wonder to us. Mr. Sheridan's key-note is Hamlet's deep unbounded love and veneration for his father. This is at once apparent by his adoption — with a peculiar emphasis upon the noun — of a precedented but very unusual reading of the well- known line, thus : — He was a man ! — Take him for all in all and is the especial feature of his behaviour tow irds the Ghost. Naturally affectionate, intensely sensitive, a man of high-strung nervous organisation, and consequently over-reflective and unstaple of will, the sudden loss of his idolized sire, followed by the precipitate and, as he calls it, incestuous marriage of his mother — an insult to his father's memory — have disordered his moral nature without affecting his intellectual powers. According to the o.der versions, the terrible shock of the discovery of his father's murder, and his obligation to avenge it, drive him stark, staring mad. In Mr. Fechter's— based on Goethe's views — the burden of an awful task, for which he is by nature quite unfitted, produces in him a deep and settled melancholy that clings about his spirit with the tenacity of a fiend, and thus completely saps and enervates his already feeble will. Life has no longer any value for him : man delights him not— no, nor the erst so loved Ophelia : the world is an un weeded garden ! From Mr. Irving's point of view, such is the loving nature of the man, such the yearning of his soul for affection, that his irreparable loss softens still more, instead of steeling his heart. His dutiful tenderness towards his mother increases, although he well may doubt her innocence : his passion for Ophelia, who fails him in the hour of deepest dejection and at his sorest need, burns with a brighter and a truer light the more hopeless it becomes : he cannot even hate the King sufficiently to kill him : and at the end he dies in Horatio's arms, after wresting from him, by a last supreme effort, the poisoned goblet, with a look of ineffable and all- forgiving love upon his face. The influence of the surrounding circumstances on Mr. Sheridan's Hamlet is very different. The springs of loving-kindness seem dried within his heart, and in their place arises a mistrust of all around him—of all save the one unflinching friend and confidant, that stands by him through weal and woe, and for whom he still retains a touch ing tenderness — the noble, high-minded Horatio. While his morale grows yet more distempered by the presence about him of the spying sycophants, Kosencrantz and Guildenstern, his wits become still sharper, and his conversation is pregnant with the most caustic sallies. But the real psychological change is in the nervous system. Mr. Sheridan's Hamlet is no longer capable of sustained will or action, but is at one moment the creature of excited nervous exalta tion, at the next of deep depression and moody morbid thought. In his interviews with Ophelia, mistrust is more apparent than affection ; and there is but little change in his manner when he discovers that Polonius and the King are playing the spy. In the closet scene his attachment to his mother pales altogether before the ecstatic devotion he shows for his dead father ; and his words, " What would you, gracious figure ?" tremble with reverent emotion. Yet the pathetic tenderness with which he apostrophises Yorrick's skull, and the passionate ardour of his behaviour at Ophelia's funeral, give more than glimpses of the once loving heart, that has so pitifully been thus o'erthrown. As regards the actual impersonation, Mr. Sheridan appeared to us uniformly the most successful in addressing others. In his most excited moments he begets a temperance that gives his utterance smoothness ; so much so, indeed, that occasionally we thought he hardly dwelt sufficiently upon the points. When addressing Polonius, especially, he is, with all his irony and sarcasm, the very pink of courtesy, " the mould of form but in the soliloquies his dejection was a shade too uniform, we thought. Mr. Sheridan's rich tuneful voice and perfect elocution rendered these magnificent lines of the poet's a veritable treat to listen to ; but we should have liked to hear in "Now 1 am alone" a little higher climax — a trifle of almost rant, indeed — during that fit of supreme excitement which Hamlet himself describes a moment afterwards as " a cursing, like a very drab, a scullion 1" and in " To be, or not to be" a more decided change of tone in the voice between the words "to sleep 1" and those "per chance to dream : aye, there's the rub." But these are specks upon the sun. Mr. Sheridan's impersona tion of this most arduous and much debated character was, through out the play, most masterly, and Sydney, or indeed any city, may be proud to welcome it. The remaining characters of the play are all well worthy of notice, but unfortunately our space is limited. Like the Ghost — whom the courteous treasurer, Mr. J. H. Kainford, so well enacted — only why that vile blue rag about the spectre % Avaunt, and bring it here no more ! — brief we must be. Miss Louise Davenport looked the fair Ophelia to the very life — no small compliment if Hamlet's cultured judgment may be trusted. But she was a little overweighted in so difficult a part, though certain scenes were admirably given. The King and Queen were effectively rendered by Mr. Joseph Bayner and Miss M. A. Melville, the former doing much to redeem a somewhat melodramatic part by his excellent elocution. Mr. J. Stark's Polonius was unequal — at times impressive, at times farcical. Has Mr. Stark made up his mind as to the elaborate many-phased but singularly consistent character of the LordJChamberlain '/ If not, may we, in all courtesy, suggest|his spending the Easter Holidays with our dear old friend, Cowden Clarke, in his grub-bag ? Happy man I we wish we could 1 The minor part of Osric is one of highly-finished comedy that ought not to be given to a lady, for as it then becomes a burlesque. Still Miss Isabella Camm did all she could with an ungraeious task. Mr. Frank Cates was forcible in manner and effective in his speech as Laertes, without being boisterous ; but Mr. A. L. Burton was hardly so successful as Horatio, the man of action, but strong in equanimity and self-possession, who is the real foil to Hamlet's character. The speeches of the First Player, too, were excellent ; and Messrs. A. Vivian and C. Seagrave, as the gravediggers, played with a quiet unconvential humour which greatly pleased us. One, concluding, kindly counsel, from no curt, crabbed critic. The company generally — and even pretty Miss Davenport — would do well to take a lesson from its leading members in the important matter of Elocution. The knowledge of how to speak " the Queen's English," and to give the emphasis and music of blank verse, becomes, we regret to say, rarer year by year in every English-speaking land. The matter cannot receive too careful an attention. On Tuesday Mr. Frank Cates appeared for the first time, with very great success, as lago to Mr. Sheridan's powerful Othello, but we have no space to dwell on the performance. As on Friday, the house was crowded with a most critical audience, who did much on each occasion, by their wrapt attention and apt applause, to explode the absurd old managerial dictum that "Shakspere spells Ruin." Not a bit of it ! Go on, and prosper, gentlemen both 1 and give us a taste of your quality in something else as soon as you can 1 Gaiety Theatre.— Mr. Sheridan's season, tinder the manage ment of Mr. Frank Towers, came to a close last Tuesday, when Mr. Cates took a benefit in Othello. Mr. Baylis will resume the reins on Saturday, and lovers of the legitimate drama will be glad to hear that he has come to terms with Mr. Sheridan for another season, and King Lear will be the opening play. Opera House. — The Polks are still drawing good houses ; and as the end of their season approaches, they seem to be growing even more popular. Mrs. Polk has changed her programme of songs, otherwise all goes on as before. Theatre Royal.— The latest sensation by G. R. Simms, the " Romany Rye," will be played for the first time on Saturday night, and Messrs. Rignold and Alison have secured the sole right of pro duction in Australasia. This play was first produced at the Princess London, but it has enjoyed its greatest popularity in the States, where it went down even better than the " Lights o' London." It will be placed on the boards with great care and attention to detail, and a success may be safely predicted. 