THE TOKEDEiTKOYlYG ASOISTIlfG. THE Assyrian yoke of old was not so real, so tangible, so continually felt a yoke, as that under which many a child'of God is writh ing » jet they are * called uoto liberty.' even 1 the glorious liberty of the children of God.* And if the yoke of sin is felt to be real, the promised destruction of it su-ely will not be less so. If it is, as wo know by sorrowful ex perience, no imaginary bondage, neither shall the deliverance be imaginary*. Tou feel the yoke, but how shall it be des troyed? 1.' Because of the grand anointing of our Lord Jesus Christ by God himself 1 with the Holy Ghost and with power' to proclaim liberty to the captives; the grace and might of the Triune Jehovah thus combining in the pro clamation of the liberty which Jesus purchased by taking upon him the form of a slave and becoming obedient to death. 2\. 'Because of the anointing' which wo ' have received of him,' because the precious ointment upon our High Priest's head goes down to the skirts of his garments, shared by hia least and lowest members. Perhaps we stop here and say,' But I cannot realise that I have received it, because my vol e 13 heavy upon me.' Then see how you shall receive it; there is only one way—no* by fre.h revelation or special voice from heaven, but simply by faith—'tint ye miqht receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.* Git# glory to God, and be fully persuaded that what ho has promised he is ablealso to perform; and his ' free Spirit' will be faithful to his promise, and the yoke, oven your yoke, (shall be des troyed because of the anointing.' All other yokes are sub-included in the yoke of .our sins, and this is exactly what Jesus caiuo to save us from; the very first, as it is the all inclusive New Testament promise,' Thou shult cull his name Jesus: for he shall save his people from their sins ' Are all his wonderful promises about this mere empty Words, with no power or reality in them ? Are they the ex ceptions to his declaration that4 .Vy wordsshaU cot pass away ? ' the only proiuists which are not 1'ea and* Amen in Christ Jesus ? Listen I they reed no note or comment * Sin shall £*>t have dominion over iou.' *Ye were the servants of sin, hut, . . . being made fr o from sin, ye became the servants of eighteen> nesi.' 'Now being made fre« from sin,'4 the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made mo free from the law of sin and death, ' Whosoever coramitteth sin is the servant of sin. ... If the Son therefore shall make you free, yo shall be free indeed.* Tet us look at the context of each (only not quoted for want of space), and, if our experience has nothing answering to nil this purpose of his goodness, let us ask him to show us his own meaning and his own royal intention, and to 'reveal even this unto you* by the unction from j the Holy One, who convinces all the more dee ly of sin when he convinces also of the practical power of Christ's blood to cleanse from all sin, and of the reality of his present salvation. Ho not hug the yoke which ho has promised to destroy. ' And it shall come to pa«s in the day that the Lord shall give th e rest from thy sorrow, and from thy fear, and from the hard bondage wherein thou wast made to serve, and thou shalt ... say, How hath the oppressor ceased!* 'In that day . . ■ .» his burden shall be taken away from off thy shoulder.' But' that day' may be this day! Why not ? ' For now will I break his yoke from off thee.' Where the Spirit of the Lori there 'is .liberty;' and he hath said, 'Ask, and ye shdl receive.' Becognise the anointing by fairh, and then 'stand fast therefore in the liberty wherew ith Chri t hath mads us free, and be not enfang'ed again with the yoke of bondagefor ' this is hi* command ment.' Then you shall * walk at liberty,' and give liiin the glad ' offering of n free heart,' rejoicing in his easy yoke, and (shall we not add), 'proc'aiinlng liberty every man to his neighbour. TTpon Thy promises I *tand. Trusting in Thee: Thine own right hand Doth keep and comfort me! My soul doth triumph in Thy word; Thine, Thine be all tbe praise, dear Lord, As Thine the victory. Love perfceteth what it begins: Tby power doth save me from my sins; Thy grace upholdeth me. This life of trust-, how glad I how sweet! My need atnl Thy great fulness meet, And I have all in Thee. JEA3? b. riOOlT. 