" Wanted an Organist." Wanted an organist fitted to fill The post of musician with competent skill, In a church where the folks are so very .genteel ^ - That they'd think it beneath them if they "were to kneel. So very genteel! Wanted an organist fitted to play Tones solemn and serious, mournful or gay, Where he'll find by exhibiting knowledge and zeal That he'll earn in a ;week less than the price of a meal. Of a good square meal. Wanted an organist fitted to train A choir who hare discord quite strong on the brain, And the members of which think their singing so big That to practice at all they would think infra dig. Yes, quite infra dig. Wanted an organist fitted t'ainuse The wealthy on ent'ring and quitting their pews, With Handel and Haydn, and also Mozart, In an "upper ten" church in a fash'nable part. In a quite "nobby" part! Wanted an organist all this to do, Who, if they omit to pay his small screw, Must look pleasant, and say that he won't rob the church, While (poor devil!), his family's left iu the larch To starve by the church! 41 Percy, deah," yawned a Valley maid as the rnid ' night chimes rang out on the silent air," I do so wish you were like the weather ? " " Yaas, deah," replied the masher as he sucked the index finger of his left hand, " And why does Percy's little dwarling wish he was like the weathah ? " " Because," said the maid in a sweet, low, 1-hold-the-three-aces tone/1 FIGABO says its going to clear*' Then Percy began fumbling under the verandah seat for his stick, whilst Angelina Maude softly shut the frontdoor and stole down to the pantry to see if there were any traces left of that warmed-up hash the family had for tea. # POLICE generosity here, in Brisbane, receives poor reward, as the following will show:-The other day, in Stanley-street, South Brisbane, a new chum re spectably attired met a policeman, and to him told his misfortunes and the misery he had met since his short stay in the colony; he had no place to lay his head, no friends, and no money, and had had nothing to eat the long day previous, so he requested the constable for the love of God to give him some thing to get a dinner with. The generous, noble hearted policeman was so inwardly moved by the manner in which the unfortunate had told his tale of bitter woe that he put his hand in his pocket and gave him a shilling. A few hours passed by, when the same policeman with a look of astonish ment and anger spied the object of his generosity clinging to a fence in a deeply intoxicated state. Exceedingly angry, the bobby addressed him, point ing out the shameful degradational coursehewas pur suing ; but before he had proceeded far with his good lecture, the chum, with cool brazen impudence, said-" bobby, (hie) old fellow! Got another (hie) sh-ll-ing F " Disgusted, the policeman turned on his heel and proceeded along his bate; muttering only the lockup is so far away Pd (hie) you in it. # # # An esteemed correspondent 3ends me a North Bockhampton ghost story. It runs thus:-Bob Hewett's old house, with presiding ship's figure head of woman rescued from the coast blacks, was the scene of this ghost. Mid-night perambulations, Jock Rutherford, Dibdin, and *Josh Davis, armed, proceed to ghostly precincts, 10 p.m. Broad moon light. Time passes. Witching hour. A gentle rushing sound on Jock's left side. The spirit ap pears, plainly seen in the moonlight. Transparent, of course, and amber-coloured. General recognition, all proceed to lay the ghost, which turns out after aU to be a dead marine. Devious road home. They took off his hat made of cork, They upended him then in a jiffy, Having only inside like a stork, They emptied him soon of the squiffy.. That ghost being- properly laid Is no more to be seen by the leary one, But his likeness at 6d. a head You can see at the hotel Criterion. # # # THIS is what the Victorian Review says-(boiled down) : -" That the best modern medical science tells us that few men reach proper mental and physi cal developemenfc of their faculties till they reach the age of 30; and woman arrives at her maturity a year or two earlier." The author of this .is Mr. C. A. Houndj and now Pm wondering whether this Bound is writing,c on the square " or whether he is getting the " rounds of the kitchen " from some young lady upon whom he has been testing the experiment. 