THE LATEST. From the village of Weston Fallcnfield, near Shrewsbury, there comes a wild story, recalling tbo famous "Cock Lano Ghost" of l)r Johnson's time, A young girl, in her thir teenth veor. is said to bo the cause af a num. ber of mysterious occurrences. When she wont to assist a neighbor in washing, the buck-it with which she wa3 engaged jumped about ino bouse, throwiug water aud clothes in all directions. The family Bible and some boo!;. on a side table woro equally active, and when tbo girl stooped to pick them up a boot tie v over her. Furniture danced about through the night, and a woman was wounded on the arm by a knife iiying post her. A police com stable and a doctor were called to the git I, but neither could solve tho mystery. The doctor found her in a very excitablo und uar- vous state, nud is stated to have pronouueed an opinion that "she was not a designing girl." Subsequently and during tho presence of tho policeman, it is stated the fonder moved from the fireplace into tho middle of the room, and on being replaced came forward a second and third time. A cushion placed at the back of a chair on which the girl eut soveral times flow across the room, and all the stitches in hr apron became uudouo, followed later on by the Lnttons upon her dress being wrenched off. Misa Maddox, tho village 8chuulmUtros3tmade a statemeuc to the correspondent of a contem porary to the effect that she called to see the girl, a former pupil, and h.id not long been seated when she observed both tbo chair and tho girl riio from the Hour She took, the girl on her lap and sat in the chair herself, aud immediately the girl's boots flew off, nud although replaced tue circum stance wan twiuoyepeated. It is ulso added that a box in a bedrooin was hurled across the room and u number of cups and saucers were smashed. Iu the presence of two medi cal men the girl luus admitted that the whole thing was an imu-.-stuie, and shewed how every fraud was an- 4ivud, stating that she was en couraged by «h:r»»inthe deception. 