INTERCOLONIAL. [FROM OUR OWN COHHICSI'ONDISN'I'S.I NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, July 20. A meeting of the medical section of the Royal Society was held to-night. Dr. McKellar Government Health Officer, read a paper on the advantages of a federal system of quarantine. A motion was unanimously passed affirming that in the interest of the Australian colonies it was desirable that such a system should be established. SYDNEY, July 22. The annual sales of stud sheep closed on Saturday, when twenty selected rams from the well-known Canowie stud, South Australia, were sold, aggregating 837 guineas, the general average being 42 guineas, and the highest price for a single animal 105 guineas, Mr. E. Martin, of California, purchased largely throughout the sales, which proved remarkably successful, the prices being the highest ever obtained. The Ministerial tour in the southern coast districts terminated on Saturday. The Government steamer Ajax, with the Hon. A. Stuart and the Hon. W. B. Dalley, returned to Sydney from Jervis Bay early this morning. Two men, named William Gillott and James Carr, were brought up at the Armidale Police Court on Saturday on suspicion of having been concerned in the sticking-up of Enos Scott's hotel at Black Mountain, about twenty miles from Armidale, on Thursday night. The prisoners, who denied all knowledge of the affair, were remanded for eight days. The general impression is that they are not the robbers. Rain fell all day in Sydney, and the weather still continues showery. News has been received from Noumea, under date 18th instant, stating that nothing further is yet known of the movements of the war vessels Le Brun and D Estrees. A company of marine infantry has already been formed at Noumea for the New Hebrides, should the annexation of those islands be decided upon. Arrived : Keilawarra and Wentworth, steamers, from Brisbane. Sailed : Geelong and Ly-ee-Moon, steamers, for Brisbane, VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, July 20. THE Waterloo coursing meeting was concluded to-day. Mr. Crosbie's Rhodanthe won the Waterloo Cup, Shrewd Girl being the runner up. The annual distribution of awards of the Royal Humane Society took place in the Town Hall this evening. His Excellency the Governor was present. In the list of awards all the colonies were represented except Western Australia. MELBOURNE, July 22. The Victoria Racing Club Steeplechase Meet- ing was held at Flemington on Saturday. The weather was fine, and there was a large attendance. The following are the results of the various races : MAIDEN HURDLE RACE (about 2 miles). The Joker, 1 ; Belle Brandon, 2 ; Ontario, 3 Won easily. Time, 4min. 33sec. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE (about 21 miles). Shamrock, 1 ; Speculator, 2 j Hope, 3. Won by two lengths. Time, 8min. 10sec. GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE (about 3 miles). Dizzy, 9st. 4lb., 1; Rhesus, list. 8lb. 2; Basilisk, 10st. 2lb., 3. Won by three lengths. Time, 5min. 45sec. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE (about 3 miles). Blackthorn, 10st. 12lbs., 1; Sailor, 10st, 2lb" 2; Black Jacket, 10st. 3lb., 3. Time, 7min. 17sec. SELLING HURDLE RACE (2 miles). Sun- light, 1 ; AVild Harry, 2 ; Stormbird, 3. Time, 3min. 31sec. Sunlight could not weigh in, being lib. short. The stakes were accordingly given to wild Harry. ' ? . FLAT RACE (1 mile). Virago, 7st. 8lb., 1; Bonnie Bee, 8st. 4lb., 2 The Ghost, 9st. 12 lb., 3\. Time, 1min. "tossed. Burns was sentenced to death at the Hamilton Assizes, for the murder of Michael Quinlivan. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, July 20. His Excellency Sir W. C. F. Robinson gave a dinner at Government House to- night to the members of the Legislature. A man named James O'Donnell was sentenced to twelve years' imprisonment to-day for breaking and entering. ADELAIDE, July 21. Dr. William Gosse died on Friday night last. This gentleman was a well-known colonist, having taken a prominent position in the social movements of the colony, and filled many positions of trust under Government. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. PERTH, July 20. The Governor's speech at the opening of the Legislative Council yesterday is generally approved of. It is expected that the question of responsible government for this colony will shortly be brought forward. 