UNITED STATES FINANCES. Dominie Sampson's favourite exclama tion is surely applicable to the finances of the United States. The revenue- for the year which closed on June 30 wa3 £79,700,000, the expenditure £53^00,000, and there was the magnificent surplus of £26,C00,0C0. This is truly 'prodigious.' It is the more remarkable because tlio Tariff Act which lately came into opera tion very considerably reduced the Cus toms and Excise duties. According to the Economist, that Act 'abolished at once taxes previously levied upon banking capital and deposits; it provided for tho reduction on and after the lat of May last of the Exciso duties- upon - tobacco, which constitute about one-third of the entire internal revenue ; it largely reduced, as from the 1st of June, tho Custom duties on Bugar, from which a very large portion of the CuBtoiro reoeipts ? are derived ; and it revised and reduced the entire Customs tariff, the reductions to come into force on the 1st of July.' Other minor alterations were made, and it is obvious that they affected therevenua in two waya. Receipts were diminished by such reductions as came into force during the year, and imports were checked by tho prospect of the lower duties that -were deferred. Though no accurate calculation ? is possible, it is estimated that by these combined causes the income was curtailed to the extent of at least five millions. Notwithstanding the changes actually made and in immediate prospect, tho revenue was only a million less than that of the previous year, and under the cir cumslances it evidences an elasticity that is wonderful. On the other hand the actual expenditure fell very consi derably below the estimate. Instead of £59,000,000 it was only £53,100,000. It is not quite clear how this great saving has been effected. Some portion of it may be due to the non-distribution of the amount set apart for the payment of pensions, and which can consequently only bo regarded as deferred. However that may . be the realized surplus turns out to Be much more than was anticipated. In the estimate it was set down at twenty four millions, which furnished the sup porters of diminished taxation with a powerful argument, but notwithstanding. *he fiscal change it has exceeded that amount by £2,600,000. Since the time of the Civil 'War the citizens of the United States have, with more or Ies3 cheerfulness, consented to bear a heavy lead of taxation that they might get rid the sooner of the burden of the national debt. By the enormous surplus that is now annually obtained the Secretary of the Treasury ia. enabled from year to year to reduce that burden with very great rapidity. The debt reached its highest figure in 1866, when it stood at £537,000,000. It is, now £310,000,000, so that in the short period of seventeen yeara £227,000,000 have been paid off. Were the same rate of progress to be con tinued, accelerated as it must be by the reduced charge for interest, the entire cost of preserving national unity would be borne by the generation that wit nessed the struggle. Already more than 42 per cent, of the whole has been cleared away, but this doe3 not by any means represent the full extent of the relitf. By the rapid process of repayment the financiers of the Republic have been enabled from time to time ' to cut down the rate of interest on the un redeemed balance.' Accordingly the re duction of the debt charge has been at the rate of 65 per cent.; having come down since 1866 from £29,200,000 to £10,300,000 per annum. The question raturally arises whether this rapid re demption will or ought to be continued, and the probability is that it will not. The opinion seems to be gaining ground that the heavy system of taxation is more really burdensome to the people, and more restrictive to national progress, than the burden of debt. It is also agreed that there is no reason whatever why the whole charge of the gigantic strife for union should be borne by tha present generation, and that as the bless ings will be reaped by posterity, Borne part of the expenditure may be left to future generations to discharge. A com plaint is made that the large scale on which such operations have proceeded very seriously disturbs the money market, vhich is alternately 'de-- pleted by the drawing ia of money, and then flooded by it3 release.'' Another important feature of the case is the fact that only about seventy millions of interest-bearing debt are now redeem able. Unless, therefore, the Government is prepared to go into the market and purchase debt at rising prices, the process of redemption must soon cease altogether, or go on at a much slower rate. All the considerations mentioned indicate the latter to be the wiser policy, and the one that will probably be adopted. This likelihood suggests another aspect of the case that is of great importance. It being proved that the continuous re demption of the debt at the present rate is not only unnecessary but un desirable, an irresistible argument i3 fur nished for the reduction of taxation. The demand for revenue reform is made on other grounds. The belief that protec tion favoured the distribution of wealth is losing its hold in presence of the fact that accumulation goes on and destitution prevails, even where it is adopted to an extent that it is powerless to prevent. The food-producers complain that they are taxed in the interests of an .already wealthy minority, and among^inanufac turers there is a growing necessity to find foreign markets for their enterprise. Mr. Horace White said the other day thai the position was rapidly changing. Instead cf the manufacturing industry being in sufficient for the needs of the country, as it was twenty years ago, it was much mpra than sufficient in the leading articles of production. Domestic competition was strangling both capital and labour em barked in those branches of trade, and the manufacturers were handi capped by the} high protective tariff, so that there was no foreign outlet. These new features operate powerfully in the direction of the adoption of free-trade principles, and the movement must gain strength from the palpable absurdity of raising by taxation a surplus' of £25,000,000, because there is a debt charge of £10,000,000. It is not very clear whether any further revision of the tariff will be attempted thi3 year, as the full effect of the latest alterations yet remains to be seen. The total amount of re missions is estimated at from twelve to fifteen millions, and as the increase of consumption will not make good all the loss for some time, the revenue for the next year or two will certainly be reduced. Even then there will be a very wide margin. What is most probable is that the redemption, of the debt will go on, though at a more moderate rate, and that the financial position more than the argument of free traders will compel the abandon ment of protection. Should tins be the case it will have a marked effect on the commerce of the world. Lady Robixsox's Reception. — We have been desired to announce that Ladv Robin son will not hold her usual reception next Tuesday afternoon. The Holiday. — There is no lack of amuse ment provided for holiday - seekers to-day. The Exhibition Ground will be the scene of the working man's great carnival, where tha eight-hours celebration will take place, and at Morphettville there are the races, while the Young Men's Christian Association will have their picnic at linden. In the evening, in addition to the theatre. Garner's Booms will be occupied by the Mohawk Minstrels, and a concert will be given in the Academy of Music During the afternoon and evening tha bazaar in aid of the Goodwood Catholic Church will be open, and with fine weather there is every chance for all tastes to be fully satisfied with the celebration of the Duke of Edinburgh's thirty-ninth birthday. The Jubilee Exhibition.- — A meeting of the Executive Committee of the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition wa3 held at Government House on Saturday, September 1. There were present His Excellency the Governor (in the chair), Sir W. Mime, the Chief Secre tary, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Minister of Education, the Chief Justice, and Messrs. E. Rees, M.P., T. Johnson, M.P., W. Everard, J.P., S. Davenport, J.P. (Execu tive Commissioner), the Government Archi tect, Dr. Schomburgk, and Mr. H. J. Andrews, the Hon. Secretary. The report of the Exterior Grounds Co Jimittee was brought up and adopted. It included plans prepared by Dr. Schomburgk for planting and laying out the grounds in connection with the Exhi bition at an estimated cost of irom £1,000 to £1,200. The whole of the grounds from the Xing William-road to the Frome Bridge-road wilTbe dealt with, except that portion which is occupied by permanent buildings. It was mentioned during tbe course of the meeting that the City Council had agreed not to pro ceed with the work of constructing the road in a direct line from Pulteney-street to the Frome Bridge until after the Exhibition in order that it might be utilized in laying out the grounds. The Fine Arts Committee re commended the appointment of Sir W. Milne ' and Mr. John Tyas as members of that com mittee, and the Finance Committee also asked that Mr. H. J. Andrews should be elected to it. The suggestions were approved of. The Finance Committee submitted pro posals respecting the banking arrangements and the passing of accounts, which were agreed to, and it was further resolved that any funds at the disposal of the committee should be banked at the Bank of South Aus tralia. Tne appointment of a permanent Secretary was postponed, and the meeting then terminated. Arrival of Immigrants per Ashmore. — The Ashmore} having,made a quicker voyage than was anticipated, has brought 374 immi grants rather before the time they were ex pected. The whole were in good health throughout the passage. The 'tweendecks of all compartments were clean, but that of the single girls, although tolerably crowded, was exceptionally well kept. The single men's apartment would be much improved by the introduction of a modified form of hammock such as early immigrant vessels always had — a plan which affords additional space as well as ensures cleanliness. The Aahmcre has made several colonial voyages before, having been here in 1877 and 1879. Since then she has had regular employ in the New Zealand trade, where the master won favourable opinions from the people he carried. Dr. Tyndal King has had some previous experience amongst large numbers ofpeople when in medi cal charge of steamers on the south coast, and to this may, in a measure, be attributed the successful way in which the Ashmore has brought her people. There were four births during the passage and three deaths, the latter being people who embarked in a delicate state of health. The single girls are under the matronly care of Miss Crockford, who has kept the department in good order ; in fact, throughout the vessel ia a specimen of clemliness and good order. There was very little time lost by the Immigration Agent, and after the people had been mus tered the vessel was towed into harbour. Last Week's Earthquakes.— The station master at DaTy Waters reports :— ' On Sun day, 26th ult, about midnight, we were awakened by an explosion resembling shot iired in blasting rock, which continued rum bling for a few minutes. Next day ( Monday), between 9.30 and 10 a.m., a similar noise, with slight vibration, was heard and felt, continuing for fifteen minutes. Men camped five miles south of the station also heard it. Natives say that Fred's Waterholes and others of a, similar character were formed in this way in very dry seasons.' Mr. Skinner, of Alice Springs, reports:— 'A noise was heard in three different places in this vicinity at about 10.10 a.m. on Monday. It was exceedingly like the report of a rifle being fired twice within an interval of a few seconds. The noise was heard at Alice Springs ; also at the Sheep Camp, nine miles west of the station, and at Undoolyoo, twenty-five miles east of Alice Springs,' The South Austbamas Coal Compact.— We have received the eighteenth annual report of the Directors of the South Aus tralian Coal Company, from which we make the following # extract : — ' Your Directors have pleasure in informing you that a decided improvement is visible in the last half-year as compared with that ending on January 31, though scarcely to the extent anticipated. The wharf account shows well, and the sale of coal has largely exceeded that of any previous year; but in the face of keen competition the rate of profit per ton ha? been ioo small to produce a satisfactory result. The accidents that have happened to tte Karaweera since her arrival have not only caused increased outlay, but have much reduced her gross earnings; bat she has shown herself capable of carrying cargo economically, and your Directors hope she will materially add to the profits of the current year. Your Directors recommend the usual dividend of sixpence per share, making, with the interim dividend paid in March, 10 per cent, for the year.' SOUTHWARK Baptist Church. — The foun- dation stone of the Southwark Baptist Church was laid on Saturday afternoon, September 1, by Mr. Charles Wilcox, J.P., in the presence of a large number of specta- tors, including many visitors from the city. In performing the ceremony Mr. Wilcox expressed his satisfaction at the Baptists being so early in the field in commencing religious work. The Rev. J. Gray said that by a canvass of the neighbourhood it had been found that there were a large number of persons who would attend the Church if it were erected, and some ninety scholars had been promised for the Sunday-schooL He reported that subscriptions amounting to about £115 had been received or promised, and £23 had been laid on the stone. The Revs. S. Mead, A. W. Webb, G. Ince, and W. R. Hiddlestone also took part in the ceremony. Afterwards tea and public meetings were held in a large store lent by Mr. Edwards. At the public meeting Mr. W. Shearing pre- sided, and Messrs. W. B. Stephens, A. Meeks, W. A. Hughes, and others took part in the service. During the evening an offer was made of the loan of the store for Sunday services until the new Church is completed, and it is likely this offer will be accepted, and in the course of a week or two services will be commenced. The new building is to be 34 x 54 feet, and will be capable of seating 350 persons. The contract price is £700, and Mr. T. Frost is the architect. The land was purchased by some Baptist friends and handed over to the recently appointed trustees, and the Church will probably be finished in two months. The Labour Market.— Mr. J. Kemp Penney reDOrts that the Adelaide and Glehelg Railway Company have given, notice to eighteen of their workmen, consisting of carpenters, fitters, boiler-makers, engineers, &c.; These men are all first-class artisans; and there is no complaint against them except slackness of work. ' ? The Largs Bay Railway. — A small en gine, with two long carriages, formerly on the Glenelg line, were found running on this railway on Saturday, September 1, according to notice. The construction of the platform for Larps Bay passengers is proceeding ra pidly, but meanwhile the train, has to pick up passengers nearly halfway between the Model School and the Glanville Station. The Steamer South Australian;— This .steamer was boarded off Glenelg at 6.15 on Saturday morniBg, and the mails and pas sepgers were landed and forwarded to Ade laide by the next train. Mr. E. T. Smith was a passenger, and landed at Glenelg. Hyde Park Tramway Compaky.— Another extension of the Adelaide tramway system was opened to Hyde Park on Satur day, September 1. Four cars left the ter minus opposite the Post-Office at 3 o'clock, conveying a- number of shareholders and other representative personage to the stables of the Company, where a light refreshment was partaken of. The Hon. G. W. Cotton occu pied the chair, and, in a short speech, declared the line open for traffic Mr. J. H. Symon, M.P., the senior member for the district, proposed 'Success to the Adelaide and Hyde Park Tramway Company.' In a pithy speech he referred to the progress which had been made in the district since he had been its member in the House of Assembly, and concluded by saying that he hoped the Company would not be taxed until they were making a profit, and that when they did make a profit he hoped that they would pay a big tax— not a tax upon the capital, but npon the profits. These last remarks were received with cheers. In replying to tne toast of the Unley Cor poration, Mr. Greer (the Mayor) stated that during the past two years a house for every day in the year had been erected in the district. Several other toastswereproposedanddulyre sponded to, and the proceedings were brought loyally to a close by the toast of Her Majesty's health. The line was only finished about half an hoar before the opening, and, as might have been anticipated, several mis haps occurred, but none of a serious character. The termini are two and a half miles apart, and the total cost of the work to date is £11,000, including £1,100 worth of rails and sleepers to carry on the extension to West bourne Park. Goodwood Bazaar.— Through the energy of Father A. Gandolfi, assisted by the zealous members of his congregation and friends of the cause, Goodwood is likely to have ere long one of the handsomest Roman Catholic Churches any of the suburbs can boast of. A Church is to be erected eventually at a cost of £10,000 when completed, but at present only a portion will be built, to do duty for school purposes. The design, which was drawn in Italy by Guiseppe Gavazza, a friend of the Rev. A. 'GandolB, has been modified here by Messrs. Wright & Reed, who are the architects. The bunding is to be in the Italian style, classical and imposing in its front elevation, with a cupola, which will give it a height of about 170 feet. The character of the interior promises to be as handsome as the exterior. In aid of this sacred structure a bazaar on a large scale was opened in the Town Flail, Adelaide, on Saturday afternoon by Bishop Reynolds in a brief, practical speech. The attendance of visitors, and, it may be presumed, purchasers was large. The attractiveness and genaral good quality of the' goods furnished a saf tocient excuse for liberality on $&e; part of buyers. The arrangement of the bazaar reflects credit upon the promoters, as the stalls themselves are tastefully designed and more or less' elegantly decorated, and so' placed as to afford .ample space for pro menadets. There . are four stalls, pre sided over respectively by Mesdames Gunson, C. G. Kingston, Burke, Mul laney, and . Fox, assisted 'by a host of young ladies and their faithful adherents, ea^et to Brpmo.teth,Q success of the enterprise-.' One'stall is conspicuous for' its 'neat 'design, and the graceful effect of xealivy decorations^ relieved by clusters of red holly berries. Others are . rendered attractive by lace drapery, flowers, and greenery. There is ? good deal of handsome furniture beautifully worked in crewels, Berlin wools, Poonab. painting, or in other ways familiar to feminine finders. Mrs. C. C. Kingston, Mrs. Gunson, Miss Clark, Miss Adamson, Mrs. Primrose, Miss Morris, Miss Meara, the Misses McDonough, Miss Coglin, the Sisters of St Joseph, and the people of the Domi nican Convent have been conspicuously industrious and skilful in those directions. Indian work, Beleekware, curiosities, small goods of every kind, pictures, statuettes, and those heterogeneous trifles that alwavs go to make up a fancy sale are to be found' in pro fusion. There 13 a refreshment department, of course, and in conjunction with this is a fancy stall, containing some valuable china and nicnacs; but, above all, a doll, nearly life-size, in full bridal costume, presented by Messrs. Noonan. & Whelan. There is also a lay figure representing a very youthful bridegroom. In the refreshment room adjoining the hall are tables laid out for the gratification of such visitors as may re quire delicacies or substantiate in the way of food. The bazaar is to be carried on every afternoon and evering for five days. Romak Catholic Items.— On Saturday morning at 8 o'clock 205 young people of both sexes, after communicating at Mass, received the sacrament of confirmation from the hands of the Bi3hop_. The female candidates were all robed in white, the boys wearing a special badge. Previous to thereception of the sacrament the Bishop impressed upon them the nature of the obligations they contracted. His Lordship then proceeded to administer the sacrament, after which he again exhorted then- to avoid the dangers that beset them as soldiers of the Cross of Christ. He warned them especially of the sin of drunkenness, and invited them to join the League of the Cross, which numbers over 21,000, the children pro mising thereby to become total abstainers until they completed their twenty-first year. His Lordship then imparted the benediction. The following priests were in attendance on the Bishop during the ceremony : — The Very Rev. the Vicar-General (Archdeacon Russell), the Bishop's Chaplain (Father O'Sullivan), and Fathers Norton and Hackett. The children sang at the beginning of the ceremony the hymn. of the Holy Ghost, and as the Bishop and the clergy left the sanctuary they sang Faith of Our Fathers.' On Saturdav evening Sifter Mary Baptist, of the Order of St. Dominic, who had been Buffering some time from disease of the heart, succumbed rather suddenly. Her remains will be interred in the West-cerrace Cemetery. Burned to Death.— A telegram received from Naseby, Otago, says a fire, attended with fatal consequences, took place there on August 11, in a dwelling-house oc cupied by Mrs. Cockroft and two of the family, which was totally destroyed. It appears that the mother had retired to bed first, and before the other3 were asleep they were alarmed by seeing flames proceeding, from the bedroom. They made an effort to rouse their mother, but were unsuccessful, the flames gaining possession of the building very quickly. The children were got out safely, and an alarm raised as soon as possible. The body of the woman has been recovered. Crops in the North. — According to the Areas Express, Mr. Prior, who has just returned from Kanyaka and other northern hundreds, reports that on every hand there are prospects of a bonntiful season. He states that the ravages of the grasshoppers at Hawker and Wirreanda have been exag gerated, as only in one or two cases have the crops suffered. At Barndioota and on the Hookina Plain destruction has been great. At the former place only two farms escaped. The GRomronrG of the Rotomahaxa. — The Court of Enquiry re the Rotomahana find that the grounding of the steamer, and consequent damage, appeared by the evidence to have been caused by— 1. The unexpected strength of the current setting in towards Bhore. 2. Misjudging by Captain Carey of the distance from shore at 3 a.m. 3. The apparent projection of the reef from the coast was much further than shown by the chart. They find that the nature of the loss or damage done -was injury to the hull of the Bhip to the amouat of £4,000 or £5.000. Her first grounding wa3 partly due fo the current continuing to run to eastward longer than anticipated after ebb tide had made, hencs taking the port bow of the steamer and set ting her further to shore than the estimated distance. Second, the atmospheric condition Led the'commanjjer to misjudge the distance, and the omission to heave the lead at 3 o'clock left his mistake as to the distance from Slope Point undetected. The evidence conclusively showed that, with a single ex cepticn of omittin? to take soundings at 3 o'clock, when Captain Carey considered it necessary to change the ship's course, he acted in all respects as a careful navigator and experienced commander, and the dis cipline of the ship reflected credit on all her officers. The Nautical Assessor concurred in this judgment. The Texterde^-. — We extract the follow ing from the Neiccaxtle Daily Journal of July 31 : — ' On baturday, July 14, the steamer Tenterden, built to the order of Mr. A. L. Elder, London, for Messrs. H. Simpson and Son, South Australia, by Messrs. Camp bell, Mackintosh, & Bowstead, Newcastleon Tyne, had a, most satisfactory trial trip. After adjusting compasses she proceeded to Middlesborough, when a speed of 10J knpt3 was attained. She is a flush-decked vessel, built under Lloyd'd special survey, with monkey forecastle, long bridge, on which there is a teak chart and wheel house, and underneath accommodation for engineers and officers. Under the deck aft there is a taste fully done-up saloon and cabin for sixteen first-class passengers, and forward she has accommodation for twenty-six second-class. Her dimensions are as follows: — Length, 246 ft. 6 in. ; breadth, 33 ft. 6 in. ; depth, 20 feet. Her engines are 140 nominal horse power, and are by the North-Eastern Marine Engineering Company, Suuderland. She ha3 on board steam winches by Messrs. Clarke, Chapman, & Co., Messrs. Don kin & NichoFs steam steering gear, Frazer's fresh-water con denser, Hatfield's windlass, &c.; After taking in cargo and passengers she will sail for Ade laide, via the Cape, calling at St. Vincent (C.V.), under the command of Captain Alexander McKenzie. The Tenterden was built under the superintendence of Captain James McKenzie, who . expressed himself, thoroughly satisfied with her.' Gold-mining tss Tasmania. — The follow ing is extracted from the Launceston Examiner'. — 'Work was commenced on the Tasmania ground on the 12th October, 1877, and up to the 4th of the present month 78,466 tons of stone had been crushed, yield ing 4 tons -793 lb. 5 oz. of gold. The amount paid in dividends to the same date is £277,500. The last six months £25,000 has been paid, being £1,000 in excess of that paid by the Madame Berri,' of CresWick. The lengths of No. 1 drive is 1,306 feetj the reef being from 15 feet to 18 feet wide, m one place' being .' as much as 50 feet No. 2 drive is 2,452 feet long; average width of reef, 12 feet. No. 3, 799 feet ; reef, 14 feet. No. 4, 200 feet ; reef, 5 feet. . . ! ' Destruction of Rabbits rsr the South east.— From the 4th to the 26th of August 954 rabbits were killed on. the Narracoorte Station (states the ' Narrdcoorte Herald). This ia the largest number which has ever been destroyed on that property in bo short a time. The station employs six men regu larly for the destruction of rabbits, but. as within the last six weeks the vermin have increased very rapidly more hands are neces sary. It is not much use one station trying to get clear of rabbits unless the work is carried on simultaneously on the adjoining properties. Notwithstanding this abun dance of good food Ewagsmen continue in unabated numbers to come to the station asking for tucker, and they always expect to get mutton given them, although with very little trouble they could catch food enough for several days. On Wednesday afternoon a gentleman who went out for amusement killed 20 rabbits in Wild Dog Valley. . A Chinese Schoolmaster. — A Chinese youth named'Ho Hing (says 'the Avoca Free Press) is likely to be appointed head teacher of the. Percydale School, Victoria. He is the son of a Chinese merchant, his mother being a European, and from childhood he is said to have displayed wonderful talents. Mutual Fire Insurance Company.— Mr. S. J. McCallnm, who has just returned from Melbourne, informs ns that the statement in Saturday's Mel bourne telegrams, that the United Australian Fire Insurance Company has purchased the business of the Mutual Fire Insurance Company of South Aus tralia, is incorrect, the fact being that arrangements for an amalgamation of the two Companies hare been entered into by the respective Directors, sub ject to the approval of the shareholders of each Company. Beceited.— 'An Appeal to Patriotism,' by J. W. Thompson, Brisbane, and a lecture on ' The Social Evil.' by Dr. W. H. Jackson, delivered at the request of the New South Wales Social Purity Society. The North Adelaide Baptist Young Hex's Societt.— Tbe annual soiree of the above took place on Friday. The Rev. A. W. Webb gave a very interesting lecture on Longfellow, -which was inter spersed with semes, recitations, and readings given by members and friends of the Society. At the close a hearty vote of th''^ was accorded to the lecturer. . ' , 