JBo\>0' Column. MAX BANDER'S WILD TI6EB. BY MATTHEW WHTOE.JON. I DIDN'T like that little French village. Thad and I were at our wit's end to find some "way to amuBe ourselves. There wasn't any river to row on, nor any bills to climb, and not a single person we could talk to out ot the family. Then you sort of felt as it you were a Innatio in an asylum; {or instead ot fences, every house had a high stone wall around it; that is, every house exoept the one where we hoarded, whioh was surrounded by an iron raUing, with the bars just far enough apart to make ft look'like a cagt in a menagerie. At least Aw is what Thad said it reminded him of, asSjMrmetitnes Insedto see him tearing np aiBMowii behind it, flaying he was an AiricanlloQ. 1didn't tell trim it was silly, beoausecbltefA a while I'tattiad panther my njfr It was an awfully poky town. jnfeout ttace times every day Thad and I to beg father to go iapawhere else, but hlftilways said, " Have patience, boys." I wonder if anybody ever ooanted the number of times fathers and mothers say, "Have patience?" If it's aB tiresome to say as it is to listen ty, 1 feel sorry for them. Well, one morning whim they both were out driving, and the landlady had gone to market, and there nobody at home but the French cook and as boys, I was that sorry for Thad, not to mention how awfully dull I was myself, that I felt I must do something. So I called Thad down-stairs, and told mm I'd invent a new play for him. " We can use the fenoe jnst the same for a cage," I explained, 11 and you're to be a tiger 4 .tapper's, trying tp tame, £'11 be the keeper, and at first you fgiitt toap at me through the bars; but I'Jl look you straight in the eye all the time {that's the way keepers do), and thep all of a sudden I'll open the door, rush into the oa$e, and you'll be tamed." Thad said that would be fan, and then I got father's cane, and we both went out into the front yard. Hardly anybody ever walked on the street, so I wasn't afraid of being in terrupted. I went outside, shutting the gate behind me, and Thad having curled himself up close to the railing, pretending to be asleep, I began 'operations by poking him with my stick. At first he only gave a low growl. (I wasn't sure whether tigers growled or howled, but I told him a growl would do)) but when the cane slipped imd tickled hiim under the arm, J^ejnpipifaup, sod neither grpwled nor howled, but screamed, until I was obliged to remind him that hi wasn't a wild-cat. "But tickling's not fair," be cried, still squirming a little. " All right," I answered, begining my ta ming operations, and keeping my eye on him in a way that I think really began to frighten him. Then he started racing up and down in side tiie fence, I after him on the outside, un til we were both quite out of breath, and then he stood still, and snapped at rnd between the bars. We were right by the gate, and while he had his bead out, pretending to gnaw my stick, I suddenly let,go of it, and slipping through the gateway, rushed up behind nim before you could say "Jack Bobinson," " Now lyon must turn around, and we'll look at mo)f other for a minute, and then you'll give it>," 1 cried, making-tielieve crowd into a oamSr of the caga. . .." But' I can't torn retfiid," exclaimed Thad. " I can't get my head-out," " Whyjihpvr did .you get it: in, then ?" I replied, stepping up to examine into matters. " Twist it the other way." t I Thad thereupon obediently gave a fresh tug, but all in Vain -, his head rtmained stuck between the bars like a cow's in the patent stalls. I was soared then, and never thinking about tigers, took him by the neck, and tried my bost to get him free; but I oouldnt. Then he set np a very unbeastlike yell, which brought the French oook out of the house, with a bunch bl garlio in her hand. When she saw What had happened, Bhe (jurq&med; loaflq; than ^hafli ^Thb noise^l^ while i rslnTrst due of then the other, wondering dismally if we'd have to live in that. town always because Thad couldn't get his head out. If we'd had any neighbors exoept a deaf old man, a woman who never left her bed, and two young men who wont to work three miles away, I suppose we'd soon have had a crowd around us, but as it was, nobody appeared but a little girl with a hunk of bread, tnc sight of which caused Thad to stop hollowing, and declare that we must bring him something to eat. When I had opened and shut my mouth several times, pointing my finger down it and then at Thad, the cook comprehended what was wanted, and rushing outside of the fence, put that bunch of garlio right under my brother's nose. :'1 <1 ? "l'ahl" he exolaimed, and wrenched his head'baek so suddenly that I half expectod to see both his ears diop off. " Oh, dear," I gtoaned, " if ho oan't free himself with such a jerk as that we,can never , get him out at all." . Then tscOllooting that. Thad hated the spell of garlio as muoh as i did, and .seeing that tho cook was still trying to feed him witn it, I motioned sternly towams the house, and ordered her to"' departez," whioh wasn't hard to say, as you just take an English word and put a little Frenoh end to it. She understood me at once, and seemed to ted quite. insulted, lot she walked straight back to the kitahen, slamming the gate after 1 her. The next minute somebody slapped me on the shoulder, and turning, I jumped as if I had seen a ghost, (or it was Thad, and I was at least five feet bom .the fenoe. You see, when the gste was open the space between those two particular mis was a little smaller > than when it was shut. Thud and I might have remained in that pickle {or any length ol time, he screaming at the top of his voioe, and I dancing around him in agony. Who knows how long it would have taken us to find out that all we had to do was to shut the gate, if that woman hadn't got mad and given it such an awful slam ?-HarperU Young People. 