TO WIS! TALK. This morning's cablegram announces, that General Stephenson, C.B., succeeds' Sir Archibald Alison in the command o! tho British forces In Egypt. A serious affray has occurred at Port Said between' Arabs and Greeks. - • ■ A complimentary banquet to thehon J. P. Levien will be given this evening. In the Shire Hall at Drysdale. A large attendance at the banquet is expected. The following members of the Ministry will be present, viz.hon. Jas. Service, G. D. Xadgridge, A. L. Tucker, D. GillieB, and A. Deakin. The Ministers will arrive by the midday train from Melbourne and proceed by a I special train to Drysdale, leaving Geelong at 1.15 p.m;, and returning from Drysdale at 10.15 p.m. Arrangements have been made I for the conveyance of passengers by the special train to and from Drysdale at the ordinary fares. The mail steamer Carthage arrived at the Heads from England shortly before one o'clock yesterday morning. The mails for Geelong and the Western district, consisting of 36 bags and one packet, were promptly landed at Queenscliff, and arrived at • the Geelong post-office at 5.20 a.m. • All the letters and papers for the Ballarat' and Colac roads were sorted and sent away by the first trains, whilst the Geelong; and suburban letters and papers were sent from the post-office by the first delivery of letter carriers. ' ' ' ? ') We give elsewhere particulars of a very sudden death, which occnrred in a cab in By rio-street shortly after six o'clock last evening. The deceased, an elderly man, named Cornelius M'Crossen, was being con veyed to the Hospital, after having vomited blood, when the end arrived, bn'f it was only after the cab stopped at the gates of the institution that Its inmate was found to be a corpse. To bear a close resemblance, to another man is occasionally apt to be somewhat embarrassing, a fact which was experienced in a rather unpleasant fashion by afcountry visitor yesterday. He was- walking up Moorabool-street about noon yesterday when a policeman quietly tapped him on the shoulder, and preferred a mild request that he should accompany him. Being a prudent and peaceable man he of the .country meekly obeyed the officer of the lawj and was to his astonishment cohdncted to tho shop of Mr D. Crawconr, 'pawnbroker, Malop-street, and confronted with him as the supposed pawner of a stolen, watob. Mr Crawconr, however, at once stated that he was not the individnal in qoestion, 'and tho countryman was left at liberty to resume his business, the policeman apologis ing for his rather awkward mistake., . His Worship the Mayor and Messrs Davey and Spalding, J's.P., attended at the;Police Court yesterday morning, and dealt ■ with a batch of inebriates as follows James ; W« Vining, who had been on remand for a/fort m^lit, was again brought up, and was dis charged with a caution. Bridget 'Kelly, who was arrested by Constable Molloy about 7 o'clock on Saturday evening, ' when near tho wharf, was finedi£5,',or 14days' imprison, meat, Constable M 'Greal,proving a previons conviction. Samuel Smith, who was locked up at South GeoloDg on Saturday evening, was fined 5s, on his promising to take the pledge. A country resident, who' was arrested in Geelong West about two o clock on Sunday, was fined 10«, or 4S hours imprisonment. Edward Taylor, who 'was arrested at South Geelong by Constable Casey on Sunday afternoon, was fined 10s, or 4S hours'jimprisonment. The latter . and the countryman paid the" fines, and Smith was allowed time to ineot his liability/ A few debt oases of no publio interest con cluded the business, and the Court rose. An order has been issued to the-police stationed in Geelong, cautionipg them against gossiping in the street when; on duty. In the event of any constable offending in the manner referred to; the superintendent will fine him £3, and ieebm mend his removal from the district; -Yester day afternoon a constable was leisurely doing his " beat" in Moorabool-street when,a shop* keeper desired to- speak to- him.-; Tho policeman, however, refused to enter j into any conversation,; notwithstanding that the shopkeeper assured him ' that bis - remarks would be confined to business'matters.' . " A meeting of the Board of Advioe for the south riding school district of .the Shire of Wyndham was held at Werribee on Mon day, Mr P. J. Nolan occupying the chair. The correpondence which was not of an important nature, was dnly dealt r;with. Arrangements were also made for . tho hold" ing of entertainments in aid of a prize fund for the Wyndham and little Kiver schools. The quarterly, returns having been examined and several cases recommended for prosecu tion, the proceedings terminated. There was very little business to, bo dealt with by the Wyndham Shire Council at their ordinary meeting held ysterday. • Aoc'onnts for payment were passed, . amounting. to £440 6s. The majority of the tenders for public works were considered too high, and few contracts were let. * W. Danahar's was the lowest tender for providing 200 onbio yards maintenance metal, south-riding, "for £90 ; J. Phclan do for 200 cubic yards main tenance metal, Sayer's road,' £73 6s 8d ; and J. Danahar, £6412s Gd for 10 chainYmetal construction, Kees's road: These tenders were accepted. Tho Corio' Shire Council wrote, stating their high appreciation of the 1 courtesy of the Wyndham cohocil in deput ing their engineer, Mr Nolan, to confer with j tho Corio Bhire engineer in the important matter of water conservation. The Castle* maine Bell "Foundry again expressed great anxiety to BUpply tho council with-a road roller. Tho engineer's report complained ;of tho great neglect of road repairers, and suggested that Maher's contract jhonld^be cancelled." As labor wM^ro trnmpaUy scarce no recommendations for.new.works were laid before the council. All the conncillprs; with the exception of Gr. Kelly, were present*. The plains on the journey between Gee long and Werribee are, just now, wearing a most refreshing appearance. The occasional rainfalls that havo descended duringf the autumn; months have .kept the, grass, in. a growing condition, and , a rich,, and ..dense sward of verdure now clothes the;country as far as the eye can reach." Thoplains,' in fact, are now looking at thqir-beat, , and as water is also plentiful,- -there Js;levery prospect of "a" good . season in the tract of , country strotohing! towards tho, ,Werribee ^Tho in-gotting of the crops in the Wer ribee district still continues,* and on] many farms the crops aro already over the ground, and making rapid head-way. As the bub soil during this autumn, received a,thorough Hoakiug, thero is not much dahgerv.bf a calamity happening similar to that of last year, when tho crops, although looking well at first, soon began to fail owing to the want of moisture when the roots commenced to strike down. In a case brought before the Police Court on Friday last, in which Mr M'Williams, Surveyor to the borough of Geelong West, was the complainant, and which was dis missed owing to the summons erroneously naming O'Connell-street, instead of Can dover-street, as the locale of the ofTcncc, it was alleged that the Court officials were responsible for the mistake in making the summons out wrongly. The information laid * by Mr M' Williams however, in writing, completely exonerates Mr Wheeler, the Clerk of Courts, as it charges the defendant Doull, residing in 0 Conncll-street, with depositing sand on a footpath in the " said" street, and n° other street is mentioned in the plaint. The recent hot weather which has had a sickening snltriness with it has been very injurious to health: In many parts of tho colony Dumerons cases of typhoid fever havo occurred, the atmosphere apparently bomg very unhealthy. On Sunday last the weather was most oppressive, and in tho evening tho dark clondsjoverhead threatened rain. Yesterday there was an agreeablo change, a cold southerly wind blowing throughout the day. Early yesterday morning the Sale Yards Hotel, at Kildare, tho property of Mr L. Byan was broken into, and! a bottle of gin, 8 bottle of brandy, and about 9s in silver and coppers Btolen from the bar. Tho thief obtained entrance by forcing open tho fastening of the bar window. The till under the bar counter was carried away, and it was fonnd in a paddock near the hotel yesterday forenoon, tho coin, however, having been taken out of the box. Quite a crowd was collected ahont tho livery stables situated at the rear of the | Prince of WaleB Hotel, at noon yesterday, in consequence of tho stubbornness of one of two horses attached to a coach. The animal persistently refused to act in accord with his companion, despite tho exertions of some half-a-dozen grooms to force him to draw tho coach ont of the yard, and it was fonnd necessary after all to unharness the etabborn brute, and take the coach into the street. The horse was then re-harnessed, and a start was effected. In his struggles in he yard thefanimal put one of his forelegs between the rungs of a ladder lying along side the wall of the hotel, and an accident was probable, bnt the driver discreetly remained inactive, until one of the grooms succeeded in pushing the refractory beast clear of the ladder. The plantation of ornamental trees 'and shrnbs in the recreation ground fronting the shire hall, IVyndham, has made rapid growth within the past two years. Many of the trees have now attained an altitude of 30 feet, and the shrubbery is thick and uniform in growth. There are numerous waste pieces of land in other portions of the shire that, if dealt with in a similar manner, would be certain to secure the sanction of the great bulk of the ratepayeis. IVe have been favored by Mr P. J. Kolan, the secretaryf for the Shire of Wyndham with, the rainfall of the district, as registered at the sbire office, Wyndham. From the return it will be seen that the rainfall for the present year to date exceeds that of last year for a similar period by a very large I amount. The following is the return :— January, "39; February, l'SO ; March, 3'3S ; April, '64. Total, 5-91 inches to end of April. The rainfall for the corresponding period of last year was as follows:—January, '16; February, '02 ; March, '41; and Aprib 1"26. Total, l'S5 inches to end of April, At a public meeting of the ratepayers of Werribee, convened by the president of the shire council of Wyndham, Cr. Devine, for the purpose of electing a trustee to GU tho vacancy in the number of trustees of the Wyndham general cemetery caused by the resignation of Mr Andrew Wilson, late of Dentgam, after some discussion itwas un animoulsy resolved on the motion of Mr Francis Beamish, seconded by Mr Thomas Agar, that Mr Robert Mills 3.I5., of Wynd ham, ho appointed to fill the said vacancy. It has been reported to tho police that between the 21st and 26th of last month a piece of black twill fancy coating, containing 36yds of stuff, and valued at £20, was stolen from the shop of the Wholesale Clothing Company in Moorabool-street. I Two lads named Charles Alexander and Jas. EvanB, each of the age of 16 years, were misbehaving themselves in Moorabool-Etreet yesterday evening, and they were arrested by Constable Canlfield and locked np on a charge of drunkenness. A correspondent, signiug himself " A Sufferer," states that it seems singular that with millions of gallons of water to spare in the reservoirs the streets yesterday were allowed to be enveloped with dust. He suggests that the Mayor and councillors for the towD should take a note of it. Yesterday afternoon whilst driving ronnd Highton, Miss Bannister, daughter of the well-known wine and spirit merchant in Ryrie-street, with a lady friend from Balla rat, narrowly escaped a serious accident. The horse, owing no doubt to the quantity of loose metal, tripped, and fell, severely cutting its knees, broko the shafts of the buggy and several portions of the harness. The sadden stoppage of the vehicle caused the lady visitor from the gold fields to be j precipitated over the side of the buggy, I but fortunately she escaped without a scratch. Assistance being at hand, the horse was prevented from bolting. j A vacancy has been occasioned in the list of police magistrates by Mr Hamilton being allowed to retire on pension, under the civil service regulations. The retiring magistrate was for m&Dy; years stationed in the Ha- | milton district. We understand that Mr Wheeler, clerk of courts at tkiB town, is entitled by seniority to promotion to the vacancy. The week of evangelistic services under the auspices of the Geelong Christian Young Men's Association, and conducted by the Rev. J. M'Neil, B.A., was commenced at the Mechanics' Institute at 3 o'clock yester day afternoon, with a course of Bible read ings. There was a large attendance, and much earnestness was manifested throughout | the proceedings. In the evening a sermon for Christian workers was held. The hall was well patronised, and the platform was occupied by a number of ministers, represen tative of the various Protestant denomina tions. An impressive address was delivered by the Rev. J. M'Neil on " Receiving | Power: The Power of tfie Holy Ghost,' I and at its conclusion all present joined in earnest prayer. A number of Sankey and Moody's hymns were sung daring the evening. Bible readings will take place every afternoon during the week, and services will be held every even ing. The final courses in connection with the St. Leger Stakes and Shrewsbury Plate contests of the Australian Coursing Club were run on Saturday with the following results :—St. Leger—Tribune heat Queen of Hearts, Bashful Chloe beat Wilful Jane. Final course : Mr R. L. Tooth's r or f w b Tribune beat Mr H. S. Barrett's bd w b Bashful Cbloe, and won the stake. Shrewsbury Plate—Werribee Haze beat Teviotdale, Wolaroi ran a bye. Final coarse : Mr J. Wiggina' bd wd Wolaroi' beat Mr R. Cbirnaide's r W b Werribee Haze, and won the stake. The following schedule was filed with the Chief Clerk in Insolvency yesterday morn ing :—Henry John Mitchell, Geelong, hotclkeeper. Liabilities, £215 3s 3d ; assets, £2SS ; surplus, £72 16s 9d. Causes of insolvency—Sickness of self and pressure of creditors. Meetings in the above and in William Edwin Whitehead's estates will be held before the Chief Clerk on the 8th inst. The hon. J. B. Humffray has been seized with nuother paralytic stroke, and is in a critical erudition. About thirty cases of typhoid fever, chiefly of a mild character, aro reported in Clunes. We have received the " A.B.U Guide" for May from the publishers, Mesais Gordon and Gotch, of Melbourne. The secretary of the Geelong Volunteer Fire Brigade desires to acknowledge the receipt of a cheque for £1 10a from Messrs J. Webber and Son, coopers, of ilyric-3treefc, towards the funds of the brigade, Messrs Ducker and Co. direct attention to the sale by auction at their rooms, this day, at 12 o'clock, of the Freemasons'Hotel, Malop street, aud cottage at rear. Atttention is directed to the sale by auction of valuable household furniture, trichord piano (by Kirkman), aud other effects, this day at 12 o'clock, by Mr John Davison, on the premises, Aberdeen-street, next the residence of Mr It. Clarke. A conversational lecture ou comets will be given in the Mechanics' Institute Literary Classroom by Mr W. J-. Thomas this even ing, at eight o'clock. There will bo no charge for admission. In our advertising columns will bo found a full list of the properties to be offered for sale by auction by Messrs Ogilvie, Robinson ! and Co. on the 17th inst., under instruc tions from the trustees aud executors of the late Mr Thos. Austiu. The comedy of " War to the Knifo " will be performed in the Exhibition Hall on the night of the 24th inst. (Queen's Birthday) by the Williamstown Dramatic Club. A meeting of the Gcclong West Football Club will be held at the Petrel Hotel this evening. A notice to the ratepayers in the shire of Barrabool interested in the opening of a new road in the parish of Duneed, will bo found in our advertising columns. The advertising columns contain a notice referring to the Newtown aud Chilwoll Volunteer Fire Brigade picuio to Bream Creek. 