MAIL NEWS. At a mooting at Hastingdoo on January 15, Mr. Michael Davitt Baid in tho courso of liis address there ; — ' It was quite true that crimes and outrages had occurred in Ireland during the pOBt three years, wbich had causcd the English people to speak unkindly words of him. , Ho could say, in reference to those outrages, I that their origin could be traced and their | source discovered in that system of monopoly - against which ho had bcon stirring since tho agitation first commenced.. Was it to bo sup posed for ono moment that a people liko theirs, a Christian and moral people, could be guilty of those agrarian crimes, unloss'somo cause ex isted in the country , which .prompted them to fall back upon feelings of vindictivoness ? He did not want it to be understood that lie was palliating those crimes, because ho had nover ueueeu w utmuuDco mom as a uiinsuan, as an Irishman, and as a Land Leaguer. Now, what had the Land Loaguo done for Ireland ? llad it accomplished anV material good for the peoplo P . He replied that tho Land League had aono a great deal for the peasantry of Ireland, but tho work would not be completed until Irish landlordism was legislatively abolished. Although Irish rackrents had been ; reduced ! some four or five millions annually through the ; work of tbe Land League, a still greater boneOt ' had been conferred upon his country through j tho efforts of that organisation.' | The clauses of the Crimes Act, which enable the relatives of murdorcd persons and others who have suffered from agrarian outrages to apply for compensation, are taken advantage of with very good effect in many districts. The levy of the amounts awarded for compensation is felt to be a severe penalty for crime, and the Jeason it teaches is not likely to be forgotten. Presentment sessions are also being hold in different places, tinder the ordinary law, for the purpose of awarding compensation for malicious injuries to property. The Dublin correspondent of the ZY nice re ports that on January 13 tho city was startled from its repose by the report I hat a night at tack had been made by the police, supported by the marines, upon the position of the enemy, and that a considerable number of prisoners had been taken. It had been plauned with great care and secrecy, so that no one had tbe least expectation that any coup was intended, and the result was a complete success. All tho available force of marines at the disposal of the authorities was in readiness, and the usual gar risons in the principal stations of Chancery lane, on tho sOuth -side, and Green-street and Store street, on the north side, were strength | euod, but the constables moving about the | streets were not more numerous than usual, and | all the men engaged in the surprise went in ! I plain clothes. There was also a good deal of I stir and bustle about the head- quarters of the detectives in Exchange-court, but it was not I until the fact of a simultaneous raid having i been made became known that the significance of the mysterious movements which preceded it was understood. The police up to the last moment maintained the strictest reserve, in pursuance of the instructions which it was thought necessary to give in order to guard against any failure through premature disclos ure of the purpose of the authorities. Thepro coedings woro the practical result of the inquiry which has been recently held at Dublin Castle under the statutory powers given by the Crimes Act of examining wituesses without bringing any specific charge against individuals, and so elicit ing information which could not otherwise be obtained. A number of warrants were issued in consequence of disclosures made in the in quiry, which was held by Mr. Curran, Q.C.j and between 12 and 2 o'clock on the 13th they were executed by the police, and 17 persons were taken into custody. Some of these had been examined at the private inquiry. Tho mostim portant arrest was that of Mr. Carer, a con tractor aud builder, who has recently been elccted a member of the corporation, his chief claim to the distinction being that he was an ex-suspect. Mr. Carey, on entering the coun cil. assumed a moderate tone, but ho had long been suspected of being concernod in some of the worst proceedings of the revolutionary party. Several other warrant have beeu issued, but have not been executed, although some of the persons named in them are known to be in town and have been seen by the polico. They aro afforded an opportunity of leaving the city if thoo think it prudent to do so. Among tho other prisoners of any note, besides Carey, are two brothers named JHullctt, one of them a publican and the other a clcrk, and s compositor named Martin, whose name was connected some tiino ago with the case of the vanman who wus shot dead in a public-house in Dorset-street. Nearly all tbe persons in custody are of the artisan clasB, and, with few exceptions, aro young men of between 22 and 30 years of age. While a performance was being given at a circus al Berditschcff (a commercial town of Russian Poland, Government of Kieff), on tbe night of January 13, a fire broke out. Before the spectators could escape the whole building was in flames, and 300 persons perished. Ber ditscheff is a commercial town of some 60,000 inhabitants. For the laBt fortnight an itinerant circus circus -company had been performing in a large wooden buildiug con- | structed ad hoc in a field about a quarter of an hour's walk from the town. For the night of , the disaster was announced the benefit of MdUe. 1 Loissett, probably a relative of the unfortunate young lady of that name who met with a fatal i accident at Paris some months ago. Toe ouua ing was crammed, and out of the 600 spectators no less than 4 00 were Jews. Just after the fifth number of tbe programme had terminated, one of the clowns rushed into tho ring and called out ' B'irc At first tho audience thought he was jesting, and greeted him with laughter. But be was immediately foUowed by three grooms, who announced that the circus was burning. Au indescribable panic . then took place, and many of the terrible inci dents of tbe Ring Theatre catastrophe were renewed. People jumped over tbe galleries, injuring themselves and those, below in their fall. Tbe ring, which happened to be covered with a thick . carpet, was soon crowded with men, women, and children, many of the latter being suffocated and trampled upon in tbe inclce. Proscntly, ten horses that had cscaped from the stables came gaUoping furiously into the ring, and, prancing and kicking amongst tho crowd, increased the general confusion. Within 20 minutes the whole structure was ablaze, and hundreds who had not contrived to eirocc Lneir exit were iudl ucjvuu »u acouuq. Those who managed to.cscape give fearful accounts of the scenes enacted inside during the life-and-death struggle, that foBowed the first alarm! Unfortunately, as the fire brigade was on its way to the circus, the ice broke while it waB crossing the River Berdivicza, and when at last, with the aid of 40 men, it was extracted, ; there was a great scarcity of water, tho ice being more than a foot thick. It is estimated that 90 men, 120 women, and GO children ; perished in the flames. Many of thom are sup posed to be strangers, as a large fair was being held in the town at the time. The Colonel of the Police Corps, who was a cripple, and the Vice-President of the Bouree, are amongst; the victims. The origin of the ffre 'has bpen dis covered. One of the circus people threw a lighted cigarette on the straw in tho stables, which at once took fire. One of 'liis com panions tried to Btamp it out, while another ran for a bucket of water. The door was opep, which caused a strong draught, and the flames werft soon beyond control. The author of the ? Amfnnaf. ftid vSnlimi. Two clowns, believed to be Englishmen, also lost lives. It was rumored that Mdlle, Loisset was missing, but tho report requires confirmation. Tho foUowing day a man, who had lost his wife and three children in the fire, stabbed the senior member of tbe Merchants' Guild in tho open street, and then tried to cut his own throat. Tho Governor of Kieff has arrived at Ber ditscheff. He was shown, it is said, 300 dead to lies which were found among the ruins of the burned circus. Many of them are burned beyond recognition. The circus had double wooden planks, between which straw was in serted* ' The great majority of the victims 03 women and cnildren, who, being weaker than tho men, were pushed aside and cruflhed. The circuB managers woro arrested, beoause they 1 had nailod -up two of the entrances an hour previous to the catastrophe on tho plea that there was a groat draught in the house. The town had no room largo enough to hold tho dead, who are placed side by side in a fiold covcrod with snow. When tho nailod-up en trances wore opened, about fifty upright corpses feU to tho ground in ono huge mass. Of tho 31 horses four were saved. Tbe oflloial report gives the numbor of killed sb 268. Mr. Justice Barry, at tbo Munster Winter Assizes at Cork last wook, passed sentencos upon prisonors who had been found guilty of varioua offoncos during tho Commission, Two brother s named Delahunty, for shooting with intent to murdor, wore sont to penal servitude for life ; and David Fleming, for taking part with another person in ehooting and.wouuding, was sentenced to 20 years* penal servitude.' A soldier haB been tried, by court-martial at Lcnmorc Barracks, Gal way, for having left his post while on duty inside the gaol, alleging that ho saw tho ghost of Myles Joyce, which fright* cnod him away. His story was disbelieved, and he was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonmont. Tho authorities arc convinced that tho knives found some months ago near the roar of tho houso of one of tho men arrested on January 13, are those used in tbe Phccnix Park assassina tions, for they fit oxaotly tho width of the cuts in tho clothes of Lord FVedorick Cavendish and Mr. Burke. Tho city of Limorick was virtuaBy in a stato of siego on tho night of January 15. Large bodios of police, armed with rifles and revolvers patrolled the principal thoroughfares. Two» men'\vero arrested, but no aruiB wero found upon them. Mr. Parnell's estate has been tho scene of another popular demonstration. Several hun dred peoplo assembled with hands to plough his land, and a largo stubblo field adjoining his demesne was ploughed up very quickly, over 200 ploughs being engaged, whilo iu a field of 2L ocrcs at Garryinoro 80 ploughs were em ployed. At Lismoro Presentment S CBsions, Mr. Curroy, agent for the Duke of Devonshire, has claimod £415 as componsation for the malicious dostruc tion of a range of out-oflicos which were burnt on the farm of Mr. Boyle, tenant of the Duke, near Lismoro, on November 21 . Mr. Boyle had | two claims arising out of tho samo occurrence. Thcro woro three fires witliin short intervals, and several cattle wcro destroyed on the first occasion. The presentments wero passod. Lady Florence Dixie Itas dcclinod to accept a testimonial in appreciation of her offorts to relieve Irish distress. It is consequently an nounced that the £28G contributed for that purposo wiB be returned to the subscribers. Earl Spencer, when tho guest of the Earl of Portarlington, wsis waited upon by a deputa tion from the town of Portarlington on January 18\. The Lord Lieutenant, in the courso of his reply, said : — ' You refer to the crimo which, during recent years, prevailed to an alarming extent and to tbe improvement which has now taken place. I am glad to think of thiB im provement, The lawless men who long assumed to themselves the right to tako tho lives and regulate the actions of peaceful and law-abiding people of this country, are now learning tbatthcy cannot, wicu impunity, urra& buuiaww buojuuu. It lias been tho duty of the Government to endeavor to restore true liberty of action to every subject of the Queen — to enable every citizen freely and safely to foRow' liis business and to fulfii his duties as he thinks best. |L hope that some progress lias been made towards this end, but after the events of recent years it IB impossible that the evil can be at once eradi cated.' The two mon Thomas Higgina and Michael Fiynn, who woro convicted of tho murder of tbo Huddys, Lord Ardilaun's bailiffs, wero exe cuted on January 17 in Gal way Gaol. Patrick Higgings, who w-is first tried and eondomnod, was executed on Monday. It is a circumstance not unworthy of notice aud suggestive of hope for the country, that no sympathy with the prisoners was shown by tho people. At 10 minutes to sevon o'clock tho Rov. Mr. Greavan, Roman Catholic Chaplain, arrived in tho gaol and celebrated mass. Dr. Kincaid, the surgeon of the gaol, arrived shortly afterwards, and sub sequently the sub-sheriff. Thoxoas Higgings, the younger of the two men, agod about 29 years, was tbe first to enter the courtyard, wbich he did with a firm, light step between two war ders. Marwood came immediately behind him, Flynii, the second convict, followed. Ho also walked firmly, but his demeanour was not as determined as that of Higgings. Both men re peated audibly the prayers recited by tbe chap lain. On reaching another yard in which the scaffold had been erected, Higgings quickly asceudod the flight of steps loading to the plat form, and in a few minutes tho executioner's preparations were complete. The two men seemed to die almost immediately, . The Republique Fra)icai$e of January 18, in fin nrtiola 7m t.lin Kumf-.inn mipst.inn. sava ' We have vainly sought in the despatches of the British Foreign Office traces of any desire on England's part to inako even the smallest concession to Fronch influonco cf Egypt ; but we do find a lamentable absence of franknosB and good faith. The Gladstone Cabinet enun ciates sophistries and paradoxes which cannot hold their ground boforo tho cIobo reasoning of M. Duclerc, and when its arguments are ex hausted it takes refuge in an embarrassed silenco. The English Ministry should give up its awk ward and equivocal system of sheltering itself behind the Khedive, upon whom it imposes tho humiliating subaltern r61e. As it cannot hope to deceive anybody, why continue the dreary farce which it is at present playing before us P' ( 