' js- --;- , - _ ?-, The Novelist. ; í lone Stewart. BY E. LW LTNTOK, AUTHOR 'of PATRICIA KEM * ?' BALL, THO ATONEMENT OF LEAM DUNDAS, ".'»' ^tJNbaE WHICH LOBB, MY LOVE, ETC, ETC. CHáPTEB I.-THE NEW DOCTOR.. I.OÀKHÇTKST had emly one fault to find, witn its i doebprj:-¿he was too handsome. It was rai decent, as Miss Wintergreen said, with that . ' ward jerk of her head which went for so mi \- ?» But Miss Maria Crosby simpered a little con . ou3ly, as one who knew, and said she did not qi agree with her dear Jane Wintergreen.. Am she, a confirmed invalid and, in a manner, T owner of lin local doc bor, did not object to young man s good looks, she was sute no one < need. Especially need not her dear Jane, \ had nev er had a day's illness in her life, and \ . madoifc her boast that no ' medical niau in El , land had ever been the richer by a pound of '. money. 'X Miss Richel Major, Maria's thirty-year-i nieco and nurse, followed the load of their frie .. Jane Wintergreen, and agreed with her that t new-comer, ttiis Dr. St. Claire, was oertainly ; handsome for his work and the place. *. It was convenient; if no worse. It would have b¿ better to have had some one more like that p< dear D»\ Brown, who was dead and gone-301 ' , good, respectable father of a family without : manee or a waist, and as destitute of elegance a "twopenny pipkin. But this young Dr. St. Cia: -"Armine St. Claire; what a name for t parish doctor of a dull country town liko tl mopy, old Oakhurst !" putin Rachel, par-enthe cally- was more like an artist, or a poet, or a d guised prince in a play, than a useful, har working apothecary ; which was all they want here. And she must say, for her own part, kno ing what people were, she vas sorry. .And when she said this, she glanced with '. little gentle malevolence at her aunt Maris, ti . invalid. Maria pulled her lace ruffles well over h . hands, smoothed the bright rose- coloured cove let oE her couch, and made a feint to put bai her feathery ringlets with* the tips of her tap fingers, in ,tbe elegant way for which she w, famous.' " To hear you talk, Rachel, one would thii that good looks were a crime !" she said, with shrill little laugh. ? " They are often a snare, aunt Maria/' sai \- Rachel, demurely. " A snare I fancy most people would rath( have than not, and only those deBpiso who hav not got," said aunt Maria, as. demurely. " As none of us three can boast of good looki wo need nob discuss that part of the business, said Jane Wintergreen, sharply. . Jane stood as the embodiment of common sens in Oakhurst ; as the embodiment, too, of tba kind of honesty which does not shrink from saj ing disagreeable things, and which has about a much tenderness of touch as a file or a saw. Au she never lost an opportunity for giving her dea friend Maria a scrape when she could. ? "Who said we were speaking of ourselves Jane ?" said Miss Maria, with plaintive depreca tíon. "I am sure I am not ! I know that 1 am 1 horrid fright now 5 but if I am, Rachel is n< better, though she ÍB a few years younger. Peo ? pie follow their childhood, and we go on as wi have, begun. And I may say this, that when ! Was a child I was as fair as a lily; for I have heard my poor mamma say so twenty times. J «' Tvas quite a little angel, she used to say, and peo .' pie would stop me in tho streets to kiss me. Bul Rachel favoured her father, nob us, and was . always a little black thing-just like a little mon. \- key. ' I remember when you could put her in 1 -, ... quart-pot, and she was the colour of a coffee berry. And she has not changed since she grew ; up. ' She cannot wear light- blue or rose-pink foi tho life of her 5 and those are my colours now, as ,t they have always been. I can wear nothing thal becomes mo half so well ; but Rachel ba3 to put \- Up. with purple and dark navy-blue, if she wants to, be any way decenb." . ,?. - ] /' Rachel is well enough," said Jane Winter te green., tartly. " If she has no complexion to \- Speak of, she has a handsome nose and a good . hand and foot; and I once heard our late rector '_>- Bay that a woman with a handsome nose anda good hand and foot had not far to go for a hu3 . _ band. And I a^i not so suro but that he meant Rachel Major ; only his sister was in the way and would not have it." \- i. " At all events, Rachel has not gone far enough \ for her husband, for all her hand and foot/' said Miss Maria, with a little laugh. > "I had a hand once, but 1 have spoiled it now. Rubbing for hours every day takes all the shape «. out of a hand," said Rachel, with respectful \- Stoicism. , t l. " Batter spoil your hand, Rachel,by doing your duty> than harden your heart by leaving it un \- done," said aunt Maria. ' * . "Don't I say SD, aunt? and don't I^do as I Bay ?" retorted Rachel. \- " Let nae look atyour hand, Rachel," said Jane . Wintergreen. " Mercy me I how can you call it . spoilt P I never saw such a girl as you are for . running yourself down ! You are very nice, I'm . Burej if only you would think so." . . " I have been brought up to run myself down, / and to hear others run me down aa well/' said Rachel, beginning to cry. " Aunt Maria had a complexion and I had not ; and neither she nor my poor mamma thought anything of me because . twas small and dark. And as for my poor grand 1 mamma, she used to declaro that my poor papa > must have been a Hottentot once on a time. And I could not help being ugly. No one would be ugly if they could help it/' she added with unde niable reason and a fresh supply of tears. " Now, Rachel, you have cried-and it ali began \- about - this young Dr. St. Claire," said Maria, .solemnly. " And it ie a bad omen. 1 have seen it all ihy life-begin with a cry and it ends with * a cry. : And you do not think pf my poor nerves, ; and how Jail these scenes try nae. No one ever does think of me and my nerves !" she ad» petulantly. Maria Crosby ! how ever can you say sue thing ?" cried Jane Wintergreen. " You, of people, have no right to say that you aro not < sidered. Who is, if you are not ? My word, w next ! Rachel is just given up to you, and ; are made more fuss with than enough ! It is ingratitude to say you are not thought of j an< now! And you .need not make yourself ill crying. You want the truth spoken to you soi times, Maria, as we all do ; and you shall hav from me, I promise you." " You are very cruel to me-you always w< Jane/* Maria exclaimed, with hysterical exe ment. " You aro all jealous of me because I a favourite in the place-that is ju3t whore it No, Rachel, you need not !-don't touch mt she said, angrily, while still sobbing, as bernie having finished her own crying, weat up to i couch jjenitent and wistful, according to herw( when her aunt gave way and was upset.. " Y know, in your heart that you wieh me dead a gone, and then you would be free to do as y liked. "iou know it, and 1 know ic, too. P< me ! In ill health, confined to my couch, and i own niece wishing me dead !-oh, dear me ! ( dear me ! what will become of me ?" On which her hysterical tears culminated in hysterical screams, and it took a great deal soothing and hot brandy and water, made atro: aud sweet, before she would consent to^ coi round again. But Jane Wintergreen, who h: suggested cold water thrown into her face, ai her hands well slappnd for counter irritation, w angry with Rachel for administering a reine< which she bagan to suspect Maria was almost t ready to receive. The invalid loi berniece a hard life; andi all in Oakhurst and tho neighbourhood, Rach Major was the moát to bo pitied, lt was a r stricted and uninteresting kind of existence f every one ; but hers was the most restricte and the most uninteresting. And as Rach knew that tho malady to which her youth and a its natural liberties an-I enjoyments were eaci ficed was, tho one pait vanity and tiie other sel indulgence, sho felt tho slavery that resulte doubly hard to bear. No doctor could precise' make out Miss Maria Crosby's disease. Sou said it was the spine and some that i t was tl heart ; one specialist fell foul of tho mucoi membrane, and the other made his camel of tl sympathetic nerve. But all left her as they foun her-lying on her invalid couch, kept up by bee tea, strong jellies, and much brandy; and unabh so she said, to put her feet to the ground. Ha she tried she would have found that she had a serviceable muscles as tho rest, and that sh might have been well as soon as she woulc Wisely for herself, looking at things from he point of view, she decided that sho would not She knew her distinction to lio in her invalic couch, her dainty work, her pretty flowers, he cages full of birds, her pensive smile, her waxei skin, her low, sweet, studied voice, and tho saintly patience with which she bore her mysteriou malady. If she were to get up and go about liki other people, what would sho be ? Just an oh maid with a limited income, and no claims t< consideration ; a faded beauty, whose star hac set; one of the herd of feminine failures-nc more. Now she w is a personago (the invalid pai excellence of the little town) a creature exempl from duty, and entitled to privileges, a kind ol votive shrine, where those who ministered by waj of flowers, sweet cakes, and frequent visits tc " that poor Maria Crosby," deserved well of Hea ven, and brought peace to their consciences. Wherefore, she held by her role, and for thc last ten years had been the soft- spoken and deli cately-cared-for Moloch who had passed hoi young niece, Rachel, through the fire a3 her vic tim ; who had also made her medical attendant the object of her adoration, not always discreetly tendered. So that Rachael was justified, if, seeing what had been said and done in the very dry (ree of old Dr. Brown and his like, she feared an in crease of folly in the green and tempting growth of the young and handsome Armine St. Claire. Others, besides Jane Wintergreen and Rachel M-ijor, thought the new-comer both too young and too handsome for the place. Mrs. Barring ton-old Mrs. Barrington as she was called-who lived with her daughter Monica in the Dower House, about a mile out of Oakhurst, «he, too, said it was a pity that Dr. Brown's successor should be so young and good-looking, and that she should feel quite uncomfortable if she had to speak to him, and scarcely confident of his skill. Though, whaba man's professional skill has to do with a pair of lai'ge soft eyes, a mass of blue-black curling hair, a skin as white as ivory and as smooth as silk, a dainty little moustache, and hands and feet no larger than a woman's, it would "be difficult to say. Still, beauty and brains are nob generally supposed to go together ; and the prejudice, though unjust, is popular. Monica, who seldom thought ab cross-corners with her mother, quite agreed with her in thia, and Baid, in her soft way : " Yes, it was a great pity that the new mau was so young, and. she hoped, indeed, they should not want him at the Dower House; It would be too embarrassing to have to speak to him !"' As for Anthony Barrington, tho son and bro ther, who lived at the Manor, he, as autocrat of the Oakhurst world, almo3t took it on himself to shoulder the law as hi3 own private club, and turn tho new doctor vi et armis out of the place. But his wife pub up her airy buckler and protected tho handsome St. Claire, as she had protected some others before now. She ruled her husband as pretty women with nice little ways, lively man ners, a sharp kind of wit, and neither heart nor conscience to speak cf, often do rule men whose gravity trenchoä on moroseness, and who3e pride is only equalled by the spirit of domination. She ruled him without showing him the shadow of her sceptre, and while leaving him the belief that he was absolute and supreme. She ruled him in thé way best ea pressed by " twisting him round her little finger''---^hat .is, by making him 1 soft through careßses and' pliant by playluiness; j then clinching all at the right moment by pretty alluring little pouts, mingled with the frank im pertinence and amusing wilfulness of a viracio' and rather self-willed child. " You dear old thing !" she said, with a laug lifting up her arched eyebrows with as much fi as astonishment when --Anthony had thunder« against the new- comer. * " What can it signify ? any one whether a doctor is a fright or an Ad< nis ? You might as well find fault with a goo< looking grave-digger. They are brothers, yo know." T' "Theo! what an absurd child you ara !" sai Anthony, pretending displeasure and inward! diverted. "Well, so they are," said Theo, quite seriousl; " And you might as well say that the poor des ghosts should have a nice grave respectable ol sexton to potter "about them, a3 that a. docto ought to be old ¿iud ugly'.' What can it signify Who cares for a doctor P" -with a contemptuou little accent and a saucy toss of her small head. " Doctors are men/'said Anthohy,rather slowly "Oh no, they are not !" said Theodosia; "the aro prescriptions. M>n ! my goodness, no ! the, are only medicine spoons !-and I am sure it doe not, signify whether, one's medicine spoon i pretty to look at,'or hideous. It is horrid, which ever it is." . .' " Well, perhaps you are right, Theo," said An thony. . . " Perhaps P I am !" was her reply. ""And if ' were you, Anthony, 1 would not pay this new man this Dr. St. Claire, such a compliment as to ob jeob to him because he is young and handsome After all, he is not so very good-looking-no like my old handsome Bear ! And even if he were, what on earth would it signify ?" " Nothing," said Anthony. And from this moment the master of tho Manoi changed front, and agreed with Theodosia, that ii was foolish for people to make such a fuss about the young man's good looks. Ile was only a doctor as she said, and what could it possibly signify to any human being if a mere doctor were handsome or tho reverse ? Besides, it was only English tc let him have a fair trial, and to take the trouble of oi>posmg him was both to pay him too great a compliment and todo themselves injustice. What Anthony Barrington xx-ss-.-d, his friend and territorial neighbour, Edward Formby, ol Hillside, was sure to back j throwing such weight as came from his broad acres and the unrooletl possibilities of his bachelorhood into tue same scale as that in which Anthony had thrown his broad acres and the settled influence of his mar ried state. Hence, young Dr. Sb. Claire was allowed to settle peaceably at Oakhurst and to show of what stuff ho was made, unhindered by malevolence or opposition ; and the slight stir which had been made in tho waters on his first axjpearance, after a time ran itself clear, deposit ing its thick sediment by the way. He proved to be made of very fair stuff indeed. Even Anthony himself, Brahmin of tho Brahmins as he was, even ho was forced to admit that the young man know how to behave, and was not such a puppy as ho looked. He said this one day ab the Town Hall, where the local magistracy as sembled on Saturdays to apportion justice to tho evil doers if they sometimes forgot to award equit able relief to the oppressed. And he said it with Anthony Barrington's well-known manner of pa tronage, which was vastly more offensive than bis disfavour, lt was a manner which asserted his own superiority by the contemptuous kind of ge nerosity with which ho spoko to his inferiors. It was tossing a few crumbs to deserving dogs while keeping the loaf as'his own rightful share. Edward Formby, both more good-natured and less careful of local x^roprieties, went a step be yond, and changed Anthony's comparative per mission into positive acceptance ; and thus mar shalled, the rank and file pressed foi"vard altoge ther. Jane Wintergreen was tho only one who stood out against the general verdict ; but then, Jane Wintergreen was notorious for narrowness and bitterness, s j that her x>rejudices were harm less because they were universal. All the women, save herself and, perhaps, Ra chel Major, were confessedly on the handsome young doctor's side. He was the kind of man whom women love and of whom men are contemp tuous and jealous in one :-" The kind of thing that fools admire," said Jane Wintergreen, with a jerk. To which Anthony Barrington replied, ;coldly, lifting his thin lip3 on ono side and showing his long eye-tooth : "Think sop I pity their tastes !" Dr. St Claire was young, slight, a little delicate in health, and very affectionate in temper. He adored women, loved children, and delighted in dogs-but he liked tho smaller kind better than the bigger. Ho was lull ot' graceful accomplish ments and small helpful capacities ; naturally hindy, evidently domestic, extremely obliging. He was ready to do anything that he was asked, and he could do everything that was required. He could tune apiano, humour a sewing-machine, make boats and fans and caps and puzzles for the \ children out of old newspapers ; play chess with refined ladies, who prided themselves on their gambits, and whist, with short- tempered men in exorable as to the call, and the need of getting out trumps with a long suit to bring in. He was a capital tennis-player, and a patient listener to dull stories*; he had a pure tenor voice, and he sang pretty little French romances to perfection. Of this last accomplishment, however, be was ex ceedingly chary. As he was in deep mourning, it was perhaps natural that he should nob do much in ihe way of light little songs; and his disinclination lo sing these graceful tiifies, of which the whole value lies in the method, to peo ple who understood neither their art nor their meaning,'passed for [respect to his unknown but manifestly heavy loss. Charming all through, his maiiner3 were, perhaps, his - strongest point. Though not a flatterer, he wai inöre' cöurteous,more attentive in minor matters, more graceful in speech and more quick to understand half-tones, than is the aver age Englishman j, and he had a way of : ideal i sing oharactera which -left a very rounded and statu : eiqae impression on thî mind. Hé acted oil the j theory, which with him was a principle, that every wotnait "thinks herself misunderstood ', and : that if you wish to please the sex all round, you must throw your plummet into unfathomed depths, arid stock aU ponda with, gold and silver fish. It waa both the safest and the pleasantest plan, and kept him in the sunshine on high levels out of the way of whirlwinds and waterspouts. His suspected delicacy of health, his isolation and his sweet ways appealed to the maternal in stinct of Oakhurst with wonderful strength. Even young girls felt that he was something precious to whom it would be lovely to minister ; while middle-aged women, both married and sin glé, professed to feel for .him as for a son ¡ and the popular feminine phrase with which discus sions were for the most part ended was : " And he is so pure !" ^Certainly he was notably circumspect in his conduct, so that he was trusted as if he had been an older man, and perhaps with more reason. For all this, he was out of place as a country doctor, making his living by such a practice as that of Oakhurst. Ile looked as if he had been born for courts rather than to go across moors on windy winter nights to see some old farmer who had made himself ill by a prolonged drinking-bout -as if it were his right to spend the balmy summer evenings in some jasmine-covered bower at the feet of, fair patricians, graciously accepting his homage rather than by tho bed-side of some silly milliner, who had lowered her system by tight- lacing and inordinate tea. Still, here ho was and here he must remain, failing that problematical turn in the wheel which should give him an income without a capital, or a lucrative post in the.official world without apprenticeship or patronage. He had now been a year at Oakhurst, and, all things considered, his hag new under a shining sky, and his sails were sob to a fair wind. The Anthony Barringtons had asked him to the Manor when they had had one of their second- set duty dinners ; and old Mrs. Barrington had invited him to afternoon tea with the curate, the local lawyer, and the Oakhurst organist. Edward Formby had had him at a really well-conditioned luncheon, where the other mon invited had cer tainly stared when the now guest was announced, but where he had held his own with so much tact and judgment as to sink his profession and float his personality before the meal was half over j and all the smaller people (especially those with mar riageable daughters) had.vied ono with the other which should show him most favour. He had been married, by common report, to every girl in the place, and ,every girl in the place had wished that common report were true. But ho had never hinted Avhat could be construed into preference, not to speak of love, and ho seemed to have an almost supernatural " flair" for man-trap?. He did his duty, and attended to all alike, with pro fessional punctuality and personal impartiality ; and he was nob to blame if each young lady thought thoso handsome eyes of his meant more than bo said, or that his fingers, when he felt her pulse, pressed her wrist with peculiar emphasis. In each case the wish was father to the thought, and the child was none of his. lt was odd, how often the girlhood of Oakhurst was ailing at this time. Hitherto the place had been considered remarkably healthy ; but now tho elders were even in better case than they had been in comfortable, gossipy, old Dr. Brown's timo, while most of the girls, who had never had a day's ,iïl-health, had now fallen 1 into mysterious maladies which demanded a great deal of medical attendance. Many seemed threatened with consumption; a few had spells of low fever j all lost their gaiety, their appetite, their sleep | so that young- Dr. Sb. Claire was fully occupied and somewhat exercised in his mind as to cause and treatment. He had rather a difficult part to play j for more than one of tho parents in the "second-set" re sented his indifference, and thought he might do worse than ally himself to some respectable family who would help to make his standing sure, and who would give him the home he wanted, . There was Flora Farley, the daughter of Cap tain Farley, now owner, and once captain, of a Binall vessel trading between Whitehaven and Hull, why would not she do ? The eldest of six, and such a notablo body as she was, Bhe would save him more by her management than she would cost him for her keep. Or, there was Madgö Langhorne, the lawyer's daughter, and the youngest of nine-she was a real sunbeam in the house, and would make him such a pleasant com panion in the winter evenings when hiß work was . done, and he came home to his own fireside. Or, there was Hose Chesson, the one ewe lamb with no sister to divide or interfere. Bose Chesson was the very thing. Her father, the retired' cheesemonger, might be a trifle rough, and the", mother was a little too fond of scarlet and gold, but Hose had had a good education, and with her piano and her pencil and her nico little sum in tho Three per Cents, she might find a welcome to any man's home and heart. And what the deuce did the young fellow want that he should not be satisfied with what he could have ? Were none of them good enough for him ? Was he looking after Miss Barrington herself ? or, perhaps, the Duke's daughter was not beyond him pj His persistent celibacy and cautious avoidance of all theso patent man-traps, went near to in jure the young doctor's popularity, and curtail his fees, in more households than one. But he held on his way, never heeding the broad hints here, nor the cold shoulders there-a male Diana without ever a female Endymion in the unsus pected shadows of an undiscovered Latmos ; and the maidenhood of Oakhurst got pale, had mys terious ailments, and took unpleasant draughts with Beeret weeping in vain. (TO BB CONTINUED.) The New Zealand Government is having four tor pedo boats built at Chiswick, at tho works of the i MesBrs. '1 horneycroft. Tho first will be completed, early in June. They will bo armed with spar tor pedoes, and each boat will be about GOft long. The' Bathe firm aro building avery much larger torpedo boat for the Victorian Government. Tho Princess bf Wales moans to mako this a very brilliant season for herself. Hor oldest daughter will bo brought out next year, and tho lovely and gracious wife of-Albort Edward will have to stand np by tho side of a grown-up daughter. Perhaps no mother quito likes tho suggestion pf rivalry whioh this fact raises. It is said, also, that the tone and manners of good sooiety aro to be entirely altered, 