PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, 9th OCTOBER. (FROK OCA MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) The Property Law Amendment Bill was with- drawn. The Railway loan Bill was passed through its first stages. Mr ANDEBSON moved the second reading of the Mallee Pastoral Leases Bill, the provisions of which he fully explained. Mr Boss breaded tbe motion, and expressed his satisfaction that the mallee country was to be rescued from its present state and dereiope^l. He had travelled over the mallee country many times, and could testily from his own experience that nearly the whole of it «a- a" rainless desert. The idea of irrigating the mallee, he looked upon as moonshine, for the simple reason that the mallee convtry lay higher than the b ghost pirt of the fioodea country Be feare-i that those who took np the mallee country would have a bitter experience, and that the wisdom of leasing the mallee in large blocks to men of capital would be seen. Dr BEARN said that it appeared that the cultivation of the mallee country could be successfully carried out if oue of two things weredoue, via. replace the soil w-.th other solL or turn the ciiu.-rft' of Murray, lie lidicnled tbe idea of people being found billing to clear the land of vermin and cultivate and fence it, wli*n such ffinrt leases were granted, bat intimated tbat he sbonlil not oppose the bill if the Government thoajjtutbeir experiment was one that ought to be tried. Mr COUTTS was pleased that nn attempt had been made to settle the mallee country, but, considered that the tenure for the B blocks was short. Mr Zeal supported the second reading of the bill. but agreed witb Lhe last memlmr that the tenure for tbe B blocks was too abort He gave the Government credit (or their attemps to settle a difficult question Or BEANEV thought that before the bill waa passed tbe tenure of (be B blocks should be lesetb ectxi. Mr SARGOOD said the Government bad consulted gentlemen who bad resided on the mallee country and they were of opinion that from three to five years *-ou The sfco&tl; reading agretd to and tbe bill committed *Jb» dtte of tbe bill comfeg into operation was was fis.d at 1st December, ISS3. (Br ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH J The Mallee Bill was passed through committee, with a few blight amendments, and the debate was r<*uu>ed on th* second readiDg of tbe Mining on Pr'T^t* Prooerty BUI. Mr WALLACE supported tbe bUL He was satisfied th«t It woolti prove workable. Mr CururtCRT Mapported the me&sare;, but hoped the seven years* proposition would be eihniaazed. and «rf»ting contracts ratified. Mr 7.*AI. g-ceraily supported tbe bill, bet In Btanre«i «• cli.ma In B&llarat.; Creawick, and ft mem on, u - ribing tbe natura of the pomps, and rh<)Rinc the «;.ffictilty of kty-plrg water on*; therefort** i: wouM be absnrd to tupp^se people weald co oc. pit tie property with teunre. He coiaKiuered tbe bill should validate existing acree> ments. Dr Hearn thought tbe miners were tatffrfl^ and legislation not required. Mr FHZGEJULD agreed with Mr Zeal regarding the seren lenrs' tenure. Mr Campbell thought tbe bill was, on tbe whole, ore which would commend itself to tbe mitring commodity, being & compromise between the land? owner and miner fie strongly urged the Hoa&e; to pass tbe b31. Dr DOBSON opposed the bill, on the grounds that it permitted a*man wto had no more title to the «old than the landowner to demand it, and gave him an opportunity of levying black mail Mr MELVILLE supported the bill. Tue (wrn-1 trading was agreed to. and tbe bill committed pro forma, and leave given to ait again to- morrow. Tbe Hunse adjourned at tea. 