BEHOLD HOW THESE BRETHREN, 6c. TO THE EDTTOB OP THE CAPR1C0RMAV. Sib, — On whose side is tbe ' uncharitable ness T' In a former note to the Bulletin I quoted a passage from your report of the Eev. Colin M*CuUoch's speech at ''The Presby terian Annual Celebration 'I then stated, 'Ido not know :t this report is correct, but lor Mr. M'Calloch's own sake, and for the sake of the religion he is supposed to represent, I sincerely hope it is not, as a more arrogant piece of slander I have never read.' The whole of your report of that speech I have read again and again, and, I am sorry to add, I cannot find in it one shade of relief to the dark picture TAr. U'Culloch has drawn of the three denominations. Not one word of the ' hearty thanks to tbem for supplying the Gospel to the Presbyterians,' If the Bulletin has utterly misrepresented Mr. M 'Co I loch, then let the quarrel rest between himself ana that journal. I am sorry to say. notwith standing some little pieces of mock modesty, there is still much of the same spirit of scorn and intolerance ' in the chaffing of certain eecni for the facility with which parsons are manu Tbe reference to Jesus Christ and his apostles is perfectly relevant. I am by no means clear, should they start preaching in Queensland to-day. Mr. M-Culloch and too many others, would not denounce them as people who know not the law, and are accursed. I fear all men who can rail at simple goodness might be in great danger of doing this; Oh Mr . M-Culloch restpeWectlysnrS there is » devil still in the heart that can point with Bcorn at a man ' Oh he is a good man.' Bat what did he say 'Oh nothing, bnt be is ? good man.' I say in that simple silent good men are to be read 'the living epistles of Jesus Christ' this is the power that meets and masters infidelity ; give us these and they shall form a phalini, and 'the gates of heU shall not prevail against them.' This I tnow Unsaid of one man 'Hewn a good man and full of the Holy Ghost and faith, and much people was added to the Lord. I presume it is Christian charity to tenone he has attempted to 'garotte- a brother. Be it so, Iwdl notntott, wbat Dr. Wattshas saidabouttheboya whothrowpebblea udmueudtai added 'It u iioaetiat* madman that flings about fire and tells yon it was all bat in sport.' Yours, &c.;, Geobge Siade. 