BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. The annual meeting of the Adelaide dis- <*> trict of the Bible Christian Church was held at Bowden, on Tuesday, February 6, and two following days. There were present the Revs. J. Trewin (chairman), J. htoyeu K. Lang, Jas. Way, J. Roberts, T. Hillman, T. Allen, .1. Hancock, son., H. Mason, Dr. Haggar, .1. Foster, and the following lay representatives :—Messrs. J. G. Ash ton, T. lUchards, YV. Holland, W. H. Uadford, and Stevens. The first item of business was the appoint* mont of secretaries. The Itev. J. Stoyel was elected secretary, and the Rev. R. Lang journal secretary. A discussion took place in the early part o? the session on the adviiabiliiy of uniting the Adelaide and Mitchatn circuits. It was argued that as several of the AdeUide local preachers took part in conducting the Mit cbara services it would be advisable to unite, in order to have larger quarterly meetings, and it was under such an arrangement greater interest would be taken in tho work. This union has been asked for by tbe respective quarterly meetings in the above circuits. Tlie following resolution was carried: — " That we respectfully recommend the Con ference to unite the AdeUide and Mitchatn circuits in accordance with the wish of their quarterly meetings, believing the consolida tion and advancement of tbe Bible Christian Church in the city and suburbs would be promoted thereby." A committee was appointed to consider the necessity of rcarrar.jjeuKmt of tlie snburbm circuits with a view to adopting the best and most comprehensive system for working the churches. A rcqucet was received from the North Adelaide circuit tbat tho mission sbould bs continued. A resolution was passed to the effect that euch request should be.forwarded to the Conference A request was also received from th<; BalakUva circuit respecting the alteration of boundaries of the Balaklava and Ga*lcr Plains Circuits. It was resolved that the same be forwarded to the Conference. The following resolution on the pastors' reports was adopted—'? That having heard the pastors' reports of the various circuits we find that whilst there are come things of a hopeful character yet on the whole spiritual matters are not so buoyant as in some former yean. We rejoice that many of our adherents and friceds arcntill contending for the faith once delivered to the saints, are firmly attached to tbe church of their choice, and are striving to advance its interest. Special reference on the other hand has been made to the increase of formalism in our churches. That many pro fessed members do not appear to understand that the kingdom of God is righteousness, pence, and joy in the Holy Ghost. Worldli nesp, love of novelty and pleasure have a stronger hold on the minds of many than the love of Christ and the ordinances of religion. We think the time has come when sonic thing more definite and satisfactory ia re quired as to the mode Of making our return of members, as some now reputed as such are negligent in respect to divine ordinances." The mce-ticg expressed its sympathy with thcsupcraiiniiatcdmini3ters,cBpcciaUyassonie of them arc in feeble health. It also fully re cogciscd the valuable services rendered by tlicro during tkenast year in the circuits where they were located. tfVJftR Th; resolution of the Adelaide quarterly tncetiEfr recommended the sale of the Young stject Church, and the minister's residence in rranklin-strrct was adopted aud pissed on to Confcrrr)!"*". providing that a more suitable lite be obtained. A scheme oi lire insurance sent out by the Ust Conference for the consideration of the various district meetings was viewed very favorably, but it was thought desirable that it i-hoiild be e-x^uded beyond'connexional property if possible. lot cuapel BciWules chow that in the Adelaide district there are twenty-niue coa r.e^ior.al trust properties. Two new churches have been erected during the year, one at Cudlec Creek the other at MayUnds. and the whole cost of the former, £12S, had.been paid off. Tiic total income ou all church pro pcrtii a in the district for the year was £U!UI 4s. ; expenditure, £-J,ii."> Si. o£ After reckon ing thr> cost of new erections and working <xi>eiiMs, the aggregate debt Is £lil less than Ust year. The bundsy- sehool secretary's report j-fcowrd that turn* are i,Wo boots in the lil.r&rics;, I'-li teachers, and 1,170 scholars. Ti.i- income for the year was C—>S In. -1.: c.\i>CT.tijture, i.^:'.7 ."is. lid. 1 '^ A resolution tor ministerial ap]>3intmsQu for the eii>iim£ year, and also tlie appaint i?cst of rccniljcra to the Conference, and a few formal items of business closed the session. On Tuesday evening a public service was held, ?hen the chairman of the district, the Kcv. J. Trewin preached the district sermon, choosicg as his text the Sth and 9th vcrcei of the sixth chapter of the First General Epistle of John—'* lie that loveth not knowetn not <^od, for God is love. In this was manifested the lovp of < <od towards us. because that < '? jd tent His only begotten Son into the world that we might live through Him." The rev. gentleman divided his subject into three parts —Absence of love is ignorance of God ; t c manifestation of God's love to us in sending 11 m only begotten Son into the world ; and the object, tbat we might live through Him. The ordinance of the IxmTs supper was adiiiiiii-?<rrd at the close of th? se'Tice, On Wednesday evening a public meeting was hold, which was presided over by the I: cv. .1. Trcwin. 1 n the course of his remarks the chairman said that while there had been much to tleplorr, there was mu-U to be tl'ankftil for. On the whole, the interest in tbe uork of ?iod throughout the district was cot flagging. Kcfcrring to the district mect ii p-. he txid he had novrr attended a meeting at which stronger opinions wore expressed far c\t?-ndirg tbe borders of the connexion. Tbe i-pirit manifested av.jjured that there were LricliJor <lays to come. As they looked through the tniot then*was mu<*htr>enroura2:e the workers to persevere. Addresses were delivered by tbe ltevx H. Mason, J. Stoyel, It. Lang, acd Blr. J. U. Asbton. 