J"oraI and @(ltci |)o(fs. AnoltMn. — Divine Service will (n.v.) he con ducted by Rev. J. Campbell as follows : — Holy Trinity — Sunday next at 11 and 7 30; Stonehenge in School Room on Sunday next at 3. — St. Paul's, Vegetable Creek — Sunday evening at 7.30 — Lay Reader. Weslkyan. — Sendees will be held as under: Christmas Day, at Cleft Ihlies, from T. to 8 a.m. Sunday, 30tli, Ennnaville, 11 a.m. and 7 p.m.; Tent Hill, at 3 p.m. — Rev. J. Beale. Roman Catholic. — On Christmas Day the first mass will be at 6.30 a.m., at Which there will be a general communion ; second mass at 8.30 ; the third at 11. At 7.30 p.m. Vespers, a sermon on the fes tival of the day, and the benediction of the most holy sacrament. On St. Stephen's Day, being a great and special day of devotion, mass will be celebrated at 9 a.m. Stations will be held this week at the Red Range, and at Mr. Goodwin's, at Spring Mount. On Sunday, 30th, mass at 11; at 3 Sunday school, at 7.30 vespers, a sermon, and the benediction of the most holy sacrament. On New Year's Day first mass at 7 a,m., for the working class; second "mass at 10 a.m.; at 7.30 vespers, a sermon, and the benediction of the most holy sacra ment.' Holy Trinity — To- morrow being. Christmas Day 'there will be special services in this church as follows -Celebration of Holy Communion at 8 a.m. and Morning Prayer with Sermon at 11, followed by Celebration of Holy Communion. The choir have, during the last few weeks, been practicing tlie special Xmas hymns, and as the church has been prettily decorated no doubt there will be a - large congregation. ' The In verell Licensing BoardTfave compiraenccu - the Proprietor on the manner in which the Half-way House is kept. the commiue.e win be held on the 5th proximo, when a secretary will be appointed, and some de cision come to with regard to holding a show next season. Bolivia Dramatic Club. — A correspondent1 writes : — Having had the pleasure of witnessing the first amateur dramatic performance at Bolivia, which was given under the management of Mr. Beacroft, to an appreciative audience on the 10th instant, "I forward you a brief account of the same. The proceeds of the entertainment were devoted to the funds of the Roman Catholic Church, and tlie presence of the Rev. Father Kernan seemed to keep the "gods " in order. The part of Aurora Floyd was well represented by Mrs. Pierman who proved to be the right person in the right place. Mrs. Gibson was very good as Mrs. Powell, and acted well up to the part. Mr. Beacroft's imper sonation of John Mellish was all that could be de sired, and his acting throughout was superior to that of most amateurs. Mr. Mandelson as Steve Hargraves (the Softy) was quite a treat. The make up of Mr. Kast as Jem Conyers was very good indeed. Mr. Embrymade a grand hit in the part of Mat Harrison. The character of Talbot was well filled by Mr. Wilson. Mr. Williams as Mr. Floyd was all that could be desired ; and last though not least, Mr. Banford as Wilson (the waiter) took his part as if to the manner born. Taken altogether, the entertainment was a great success. Aquatics. — The final heat for Punch and Deeble's trophy resulted in this wise : — Reynolds, Clifford, M 'Donald. Death from Sunstroke in "Sydney. — John M'Kay, a coaclibuilder, had a sunstroke on Thurs day in Pitt-street. He was taken to the hospital and died there. London Wool Sales. — The wool sales' com mittee has decided to limit the sales next year to four series. The first lias been fixed for February 12, provided that 400,000 bales shall be received by that date. Otherwise the sale will be postponed to February 19. Cricket Match. — A match lias been arranged for Boxing Day between the Tent Hill and Com mercial clubs, to be played on the Glen Innes ground, near the Hospital. Play will commence punctually at 10 o'clock. The Commercial Club will be represented by the following players : — Williams, Marston, W. Doust, F. Doust, Kerry, Crapp, Douglas, H. Vincent, Crouch, M'Kee, and Bird. S. Harris, emergency. Should the day prove fine a good display of cricket may be expected. It is to be hoped that punctuality in commencing will be observed, so that both innings may be com pleted. The Ravages of Typhoid : Nine Deaths in One Family,— The Daylesford (Victoria) Express says : — Death has again, for the ninth time within the year, visited the unfortunate Wetsel family, of Leonard's Hill. Twelve months ago there were seventeen children and both parents living. First the mother died, and then in succession sons and daughters to the number of eight, the disease in each case being the same— typhoid fever. The last fatality was on Thursday, when one of the grown up daughters, a" young woman of 21, died in the Daylesford Hospital, where she had been an in mate for nearly five months. In the whole history of this insidious disease, we cannot remember a family in which it has been so destructive. The house in which they live is, to all appearances, healthfully situated, and the surroundings as well ordered as could be desired. It is stated, how ever, that one of the outhouses was on the hill just above a well from which water was taken, and it it quite possible that the water was thus con taminated. Great Robbery at the Post Office, Sydney.—' Several safes in the General Post Office have been\ broken open, and the contents, to the value of ' several hundred pounds, have been appropriated. One of the officials is suspected. Remarkable Discovery of Money. — A liappy marriage, which had been On the tapis for some time past (says j»n exchange), was consummated at Moonambel last week, under circumstances that .make it interesting. Tlie mother of the bride groom, who was lying at the point of death, told her son that she had dropped a half-sovereign through a crevice in the floor of her bedroom, and that if he would look in the direction indicated he would find it. Touched by curiosity he instituted .a search, when lb ; imagine his surprise at acci dentally finding an old iron pot containing no les3 a sum than £700 ! Such was the fact, and agree ably to liis mother's wish he became a Benedict a , few days afterwards, the welcome legacy proving : a very handy marital assistant. A Frightful Death.— An event, which has cast gloom over a large section of Sydney, occurred on Wednesday afternoon, says the Evening News, by which a young gentleman met with a fearful and untimely end. It appears that for some time past the unfortunate man (Mr. Cuthbert Vere Lysaght) has been in the habit of going for a swim at noon in the Parramatta River at Five Dock Bay, and on Wednesday afternoon about 1 o'clock he was seen by a boy who was in the water to Walk along the wharf with a towel across his shoulder. This boy next saw him undressed, standing on the endof the i > wharf, ready for a dive. The boy himself then went imder, and, therefore, did not see Mr. Lysaght j enter the water and when he came up, the young ; man was nowhere to be seen ; and, having bathed I sufficiently, the boy got out and went on to tlie wharf to tlress. Almost immediately he saw, about : 20ft in the water from the end of the wharf blood , rising to the surface. Guessing what had taken 1 place he rushed lip to the house, which is near, and raised the alarm, and very soon a number of people wjre busy dragging for the recovery of the body. I Information was sent to the police, and a number in a launch at once went to the scene of the acci dent. The efforts were not rewarded till about 4 o'clock, when Messrs. Froggett and Thompson suc ceeded in hauling the body to the surface. . Death of Ex-Judge Mkymott.— We learn by telegram that eX-.Judge Meymott died at his resi dence at Murrurundi on Friday last. A strange case of conspiracy. — Michael Hynes and Patrick Murphy were arrested and brought up at Cooktown on the 17 th December, on a charge of being concerned in a conspiracy for stuffing the ballot boxes at California Creek and Hatpin's dur ing tlie recent election for the Cook. The principal feature in the several charges is that they stuffed the ballot boxes with ballot papers representing 182 imaginary electors. The case excited great interest, the court being crowded. The accused were, on tlie application of the prosecution, remanded for a week, bail being allowed, each prisoner in £200, and two sureties of £100 each. Further arrests are being made in connection with the same affair. Mortality in Rockhamfton. — The mortality in Rockliampton during the last two months (says the Northern Argus of the 5tli instant) lias been extraordinary. Whereas twelve deaths per month is tlie general average for many years past, it lias been no uncommon thing during the last eight weeks for thirty deaths to be registered in the same space of time, and sometimes as many as three or four funerals took place in one day. Resignation of Mr. Dildon. — Wednesday's Evening News says : — Yesterday we drew atten tion to the disgraceful and unhealthy condition of the Water Police Court. To-day we are informed that in consequence of the unsatisfactory state of his health, brought about by the discharge of his arduous duties in an impure atmosphere, Mr. Dil lon, senior stipendary magistrate, has sent in his resignation. There will, of course, be scores of men who will be willing to sacrifice tlieir health at this shrine of -justice, but of the hundreds that will offer it will be difficult to find a more able magis trate, and one who has so effectually put fear into the hearts of the offenders as to absolutely lessen crime in the city. Unless a strong inau takes Mr. Dillon's place it is likely that the larrikins and thieves will celebrate his departure by holding bacchanalian orgies. Curious Discovery. — Says the Bundaherg Mail : — "A somewhat curions discovery in a man's ana tomy was made by Dr. May in the Bundaberg Hospital the other day. A kanaka was suffering from a swelled toe, and its shape and general ap pearance baffled medical skill. The doctor, there fore, decided to amputate the erring member, and proceeded so to do. After cutting round where the joint ought to be, it was found there was no such locality, and on close examination a piece of lead was seen encircling the place where the bone should be. On exacting this it turned' out to be a flattened rifle bullet, which at some time in the boy's history had struck him under the toe. The bullet was ! quite thin and had taken the form of the bone, ! which in turn had become absorbed. The boy has now a boneless toe, whilst Dr. May lias a curiosity in the shape of the extracted bullet for his museum." A Mining Camp in the Rocky Mountains. — A writer in the l)aihj News gives the following de scription of a famous mining camp : — Leadville, though it looks dingy and worn-out, is not more than five years old. It is partly built on Cali fornia Gulch, a famous mining camp of 20 years ago. In 1S59 California Gulch was first prospected, and one year the yield of gold was over .£600.000 sterling. But it gradually fell away, till in i866 the diggings did not pay the cost of working, and were abandoned. It was pretty bleak in California Gulch in winter time, and the gold-diggers, finding at hand a thick consistent kind of mud, used to caulk their cabins with it. After the gold-diggers had gone, a pair of sharp eyes, looking upon this mud, recognised it as carbonate, worth £S0 a ton. The tide of miners, which had ebbed with the failure of the gold, set in again with a great rush when this fresh find was made. The discovery of silver was followed by the certain prospect of rich yields of lead. The miners in their spare time de cided to found a town. A meeting was called, at which 20 men put in an appearance, and out of their number they selected a mayor. A lawyer who happened to be around was named recorder, and Leadville was formally added to the list of cities within the United States. To-day the city has a population varying from 18,000 to 22,000 — more in winter and fewer in summer, when the miners go forth to prospect. In addition to mayor and recorder there is now a city council, three daily papers (which give surprisingly little for 2kl), three banks, two theatres, seven schools,, and one church. Some of the citizens from whom I made enquiry doubted the existence of a church. Others "guessed there was one round about." Leadville is in no sense a picturesque city, though its situation is unique, embowered as it is among the loftiest heights of the Rocky Mountains. The streets are never swept, nor the side walks cleaned. The houses are mostly wood, some the true log-house. They stand apart like toy houses. It is marvellous how some of the giants who work in the mines and lounge about the streets can insert themselves. Being once in, it would appear an easier matter to thrust their feet through the flooring, get a good grip of the back kitchen door and the front parlour fireplace, and walk off with the structure as Samp son carried off the gates of Gaza. A silver mine is chiefly dark and frequently wet. The roadways are narrow and heavily timbered, with the object of supporting the roof. There is no trolly as in English coal mines, hut the men know short cuts which lead them to their work without undue loss of time. Holding the candles against the rock the metal can he seen to sparkle; but where the miners have dug out the ore and it is being conveyed in carts to the smelters it is difficult to believe that the yellow or brown earth contains silver or lead. The men work singly or in couples, grubbing away at the dark hard walls by the light of a single candle. The carpenters tread closely on the heels of the miners, shoring up the openings as fast as they are made. Chambers out of which ore has been dug rise up one over the other, in some places reaching eight stories. Each is shored up by stout pillars roughly sawn from trees. The miners are, take them altogether, the finest men I ever saw. Six feet is a fair average of height, and some run to 6ft. 4in. They are good looking to boot, many of them handsome. To look at them one would suppose that mining is the healthiest occupation open to man. They have a frank bearing and manner of speech that astonishes the stranger. Everyone is called by his Christian name not ex cepting the members of the firm. " Good morn ing, Ned," said our guide to one of the miners. "Morning, Frank," responded the miner, looking up to greet his employer, and then going on with his work. There was nothing rude or even brusque in this. It simply meant that in >a mining camp one man is as good as another as long as lie is able Jbo put in a good day's work. It is the merest acci dent that makes one man employer and another a wage-taker. If Ned had been, aro'Jnct before Frank be would probably have bought up the lease of the Chrysolite, and' the position of the two men would have been reversed. As it is, they live together in perfect friendliness, taking a shot at one another upon provocation, it is true, but in the meanwhile working in hearty goodfellowship. Our Champion Oarsmen. — "Uderim" writes: Apropos of sporting matters, perhaps I may as well observe that Trickett "beat Hanlan easily. When, and where, I positively refuse to state ; but the fact is that Trickett has not only eoinc back to his old form, but he has actually gone several yards ahead of it. And when you want to gamble on boat racing to-day you'll require to keep your eyes peeled when the all-legs-and-wings proprietor of that Bridge-street Hotel is present. During the past week our Edward put Erin- go-bragh, in the shape of Mick Rush, and Caledonia stern and wild, in the person of Donald M 'Donald, of the old M 'Donald M 'Donald clan, through in the cleanest possible manner. Neither man had the ghost of a chance with him. And keep your eye oil this. Both Rush and M'Donald have earned the name of being amongst the honestest scullers that ever raced. Knock -'em -out -in -three -rounds Sullivan wonld scarcely dare to step up to Rush and say,- "Michael, here's a century — pull a stiff 'un." Rush's day as a boatist has gone by, but we will have to, look very far ahead for an honester man or better citizen. Sport has drifted into a very un desirable position just at present, but one will have to travel far before he strikes a more upright, Btraight-going trio than Michael Rush, Edward Trickett, and Donald M'Donald. Set 'em up again. Here's at the trio. Can it be True? — It is whispered in club circles, Sydney, (says the correspondent of the Forbes Times) that the Earl of Rosebery won a valuable Sydney property from its young Australian owner at cards one night in a London club, and that one of his ren-ons for coming out here is to see his most recently acquired possession. Of course, at the Union club lie will find plenty of fellows eager to win it back from him — "or heavy gambling is oc casionally done at the Union — but with liis own ami Anna de Rothso. i.d's money at his back, he should soon convince them how hopeless such an attempt is. j A Queer Case of Horse-stealing. — Recently considerable interest was excited in Roma over a horse-stealing case. A thorough-bred mare, be longing to Mr. Benjamin, bearing the Canning Downs brand CD3, disappeared some ten months j ago, but was recently unearthed by Inspector Armstrong in the Yeulbah district. When found the CD3 had been ingeniously changed into CDB, and the number 91 under the brand had been meta- j morphosed into YIB. The supposed duffer was I committed for trial by the Yeulbah bench on the j 13th November, and the indefatigable inspector ! rested under tlie assurance that he had one of the clearest cases that could possibly be got up. But the old truism " There's many a slip between the cup and the lip " was never more completely veri fied than in this instance. A telegram received the other day states that the mare having been ten months out of Benjamin's possession, the Crown i Prosecutor found no bill ; so that the case has fallen through. A Strange Marriage. — An American paper, the Springfield Herald, states that a man named. Childers and Lucinde Phillips have just been mar ried to each other for the second time. They were first married at Franklin in 1856, and Childers served in the Southern Army during the war of rebellion. It was reported that he had been killed at the battle of Vicksburg, and his wife remarried one of his friends, Mr. Philipps. At the expira tion of hostilities Childers returned home, but upon discovering the state of affairs he did not attempt to assert liis rights, but himself married again. He lost his second wife about ten years ago, and mar ried a third wife, wlio died in 1880. Mr. Philipps, the husband of his first wife, died last year, and Childers having met her recently at the house of a mutual friend, fell in love with her, proposed, was accepted, and is now her husband again. Two Hundred Hornet Stings. — Surgeon- Major R. Jackson, whose death from blood-poisoning, oc casioned by tlie stings of hornets, is reported in the Indian papers, is reported to have been stung in no fewer than 200 places. Mr. Jackson, who be longed to the Pacliinari depot, was out tiger hunt ing near Singhanhama, when, inadvertently med dling with a nest of these creatures, he was sud denly attacked by a swarm, with the result des cribed. Was Darwin a Believer? — Quite lately Dr. Moorhouse claimed Darwin as a true believer. What about the following letter, which appears in a work just issued : — " Down, Beckenham, Kent. — Dear Sir, — It seems to me absurd to doubt that a man can be an ardent theist and an evolutionist. You are right about Kingsley. Asa Gray, the eminent botanist, is another case in point. What my own views may he is a question of no consequ ence to anyone but myself. But, as you ask, I may state that my judgment often fluctuates. More over, whether a man deserves to be called a theist depends on the definition of the term, which is much too large a subject for a note. In my most extreme fluctuations I have never been an atheist in the sense of denying the existence of a God. I think that generally (an>l more and more as I grow older), but not always, that an agnostic would be more the correct description of my state of mind — Dear sir, yours faitfully, C. Darwin." Human Curiosities. — Paris boasts of the most extraordinary collection of human curiosities ex tant. One is the Grand Hotel Legnay, known as "La Table d'llote des Monstres." The hotel in itself is like any common provincial hotel, but the guests of its table d'hote, as described by the re porter of tlie "Lanterne," form an assembly hardly to be met with in any other place. " Dinner being announced," says this privileged guest, "the first couple to enter the dining-hall with an air of perfect propriety are a bearded woman accompanied by a skeleton like gentleman. She receives his whispers with thoughtful eyes, gently stroking her beard. A dwarf with an enormous nose sits next to them on a high stool ; her neighbours are a well-known showman, who now aud then turns his face round to the middle of his back — a convenience whenever the water is wanted — and a young giantess of 16, weighing 4001b. Somnambulists, acrobats, and many more of the same school, complete the circle, who, after their meal is ended, will sometimes, for the benefit of an occasional visisor, unite in a dance, fantastic, grotesque, and hideous to the last de gree." Tomato Leaves as an Insecticide. — I planted a peach orchard (writes M. Siroy, of the Society of Horticulture), and the trees grew well and strongly. They had just commenced to bud when they were invaded by the cureulio ( pulyon ), which insects were followed, as frequently happens, by ants. Having cut some tomatoes, the idea occurred that by placing some of the leaves around the trunks and branches of the peach trees, I might preserve them from the rays of the sun, which are very powerful. My surprise was great upon the fol lowing day to find my. trees entirely free from their enemies, not one remaining, except here and there, where a curled leaf prevented the tomarto from exercising its influence. The leaves I carefully un rolled, placing upon them fresh ones from the tomato vine, with the result of banishing the last insect, and enabling the trees to grow with luxuri ance. Wishing to carry still further my experi ment, I steeped in water some leaves of the tomato, and sprinkled with this infusion other plants — roses and. oranges. In two days these were also free from the innumerable insects which covered them, and I felt sure that had I used the same means with my melon patch I should have met with the same result. I therefore deem it a duty I owe to the Society of Horticulture to make known this singular and useful property of the tomato leaves, which I discovered by the merest accident. — Grange Bulletin. Melbourne Grand Hotel. — Although we are rather better off for hotels than Sydney (says the Melbourne World) there is still room for an exten sion in the right direction, and this fact, within the past 12 month, has been very prominently be fore the minds of Messrs. Nipper and See, who are well-known in shipping circles, both in Victoria and New South Wales. Having secured the block of land at the corner of Spring and Little Collins streets, they have erected thereon the Grand Hotel, and the structure in no way belies its name It has been built at very great cost, and is specially de signed for the accommodation of visitors to Mel bourne. On inspecting the building it will be seen that the requirements of families have been care fully regarded, while all the necessary conveniences for the bachelor-traveller have been equally studied. The frontage to Spring-street is about 90 feet, with a depth of 120 feet. The hotel rises to a height of 100 feet, and each corner is surmounted with a turret — two little observatories, in fact — from which a splendid view in every direction is obtain able. The proprietors have not devoted all their attention to an alaborate fagade, but the imposing style of the building, dwarfing everything near it, does away with any necessity for great ornamenta tion. Every modern convenience for the benefit of its patrons will be in operation, and the dweller on the fifth floor need have no anticipation of a weary climb to bed on a late night, for a lift is at his disposal. On the first and second floors are situated the private apartments, there being fifteen bedrooms ana fifteen sitting, rooms. The third and fourth floors contain sixty-eight bedrooms, and there are upwards of thirty on the fifth floor. The building is not yet quite out of the builders' (Messrs. Cochrane and Connelly) hands, but it will be shortly. It has been built to the design of Mr. C. Webb. The Qualities of Milch Cows. — The Farmer says: — "An exceelingly 'valuable addition to the literature of the farm has been made by the Pro fessor Brown, of the Ontario Agricultural College, who has so often endeavoured to show that it is futile to expect to obtain a general purpose cow — one which will make beef, cheese, and butter ; and he adds that in Ontario it is the practice to accept nothing as conclusive without first testing it — a practice which we should do well to follow. What the Professor describes, as the want of Canada is clearly enough the want of Great Britain — an early maturing cow giving her first calf at 24 years (2:1 years would be better) — a milker giving quality and quantity. He deprecates too affectionate mothers and those which do not milk freely, also vicious cows, however good tliey may be ; and he demands at least 201b. of milk a day for 209 days a year. The expression '.at least ' is well employed, for it is not enough. With regard to experiments, he says 3,000 observations upon 10 different breeds prove to him that specific gravity is no test at all, and that the percentage of cream is of little significance. This is quite true, speaking generally, but it is of infinite importance to the dairyman who soils cream. Its weight the Professor regards as more important ; there should be Sib. per 100, half of which should he butter. A 100 pounds of milk is 10 gallons roughly, and this, in other words, should give a little over three quarts of cream and 41b. of- butter, lib. of butter being obtained from 10 quarts of milk, which it certainly cannot he from any but Chenncl Island cattle or their crosses, and individual cattle which do not represent a breed. ' 