athletics. \- Tbx third annual celebration of athletic (ports in connection with the local football clubs took place in the Queen's Park on Satur day. The afternoon did not promise doe for intending visitors, and the fear of rain must hare interfered materially with the attendance, which was perceptibly email in the pavilion, However, as the afternoon wore on, the gather ing round the ring increased greatly, and be tween 3 and 4 o'clock there conld not have been less than two thousand spectators present. The sports were successful so far as competi tors and the contests in the numerous events were concerned, and the entries themselves must have paid in some instances for the prizes awarded. The programme was somewhat too lengthy for a single afternoon, and this drawback combined with the drizzling rain which fell off and on, somewhat detracted from the interest evinced in the sports. The com petitors were apparently in very good form, and the fast time in which some of the races were ran off proved that they had trained well for the day. The football seaaon invariably brings down the weight of the body, and pre pares the athlete for considerable endur ance in those severe contests when competi tion is keen, as was the case on Saturday. In the champion race, in which speciil interest centred, from the fact ot there being two com petitore who hod already scored the first of two wins for the cop, six starters toed the rcra'cb, and some difficulty was occasioned in giving them an even start. However, after several attempts, all got away pretty well together, and for second and third honours a close contest ensued, but H. Pritchard won the race with comparative ease. In the aack race and wait ing match considerable interest was manifest round the ring, and these even's caused more fan than any others. For the 410 yards handi cap raoe a hard struggle tcok place and even tually a protest, lodged with the umpire against Telford, the declared winner, had such weight that it was decided that he and H. Pritcliard, Second man, abonld run it over again. In the high jnmp each a close contest resulted between XeSlett and bcott that it was declared a tie, and the prize will have to be competed for at another time. The last event, licking the football, did sot come off at all for wast of time, ami the programme concluded with' the Consolation Bace. Meesre. 'K H. Boo and Hickeon acted as judges, Mr. E. Mao Donnoll as tima keeper, and Mr. T. Welsby as starter, and performed their BOTeral tasks with every satisfaction to the competitors and their friends. . • • When the sports concluded His Excellonoy Bir Arthur Palmer presented the prises to the winners, and this ceremony was not devoid of its interest, judging by tho crowd that gathered round the pavulion. The prominent prisetakers in the list of winne'S were loudly cheered on receiving their rowards and the proceedings terminated with throe cheers for Hir Arthur Palmer. Toowoohds Gbaiiiiab Scnoon Maoa i 1KB.—We have to acknowledge the re-1 ceipt of "No. 3" of the above magazine i —a dainty little thing in mauve covers, , re minding one very much of n Sunday school reward book for girls, or something of that T>..A Ateasm im nnlUntt " kind. But there is nothing "goody-goody abont it except the cover. The following ex tract from a "letter to the editor" has auch a wonderfully familiar tone that all editors of newspapers will recognise it at once -*— Just look at tho number you published last quarter— The cricket takes twice as tnuch room as it oughter; Aud then, the remarks of those girls on somc-ologr, . For their utter insanity want an apulogy; Tho rest's not so bad, though " The Birds' are all staff; The Pillow Fight's grand, but not half enough. What you really should hare is a serial story, Full of murders, and lore scenes, and battles, and | glory; Bring in the Crusades, and the Wars of the Boses, With something of Charles tho 1st, Cromwell, and | Moses (For to cause and suitain a rapture ecstatical There's nothing like having an odour sabbatical.) Then comedy too should appear iu your page3 A chapter for each of its diffcient stages, Tho low, an 1 the high, and the scrio—these Provide eodlcss resources cert-on to please. Then ghosts and hobgoblins, and demons, and devils And witches cavorting about in their revel* 1 And pale-she -to 1 spectres and skeletons thin, And imps with a ghast'y sa anicat grin, Should parade in your paper as sure to excite In your readers grim terror and fearful delight. And animal* too are a theme never tiring For those to the ranks of keen sportsmen aspiring. (—Though I say it as shouldn't—in judging a heifer, A sheep, or a horse, without doubt there have never Been any more skilful or famous than we The natives of Queensland, the home of the free). Spin us wonderful yarns of tho bold kangaroo Tho long-legged ostrich, the lovely omeu, > The ornithoryncusscs—duckbilled or otherwise— The suites and the bandicoots, wombats, and walla- | bias. To all of which the Editor humbly but firmly I acewers in a foot note.—"We do cot publish I articles on t'c deeply interesting subjects re ferred to, for the sufficient reason that we get none to publish. Our duties are simply editorial, and our difficulty so far has rot been an embarrat de richeuest but very much the reverse.'' The Tbistwat Peoject at Tow.vsvzile.— The promoters of the pioposcd tramway to Mundingburrah (says the TownsviUe Bulletin of September 29) have amalgamated with tho promoters of an omnibus company. The result is th-it the tramway scheme is temporarily port ioned, but ths public wid be provided with a line of omnibuses running from the wharves through the town and out t« Mundingburrah. If this project is cirricd out on a sufficiently large bcjIp, and well managed, it will be a con aiderible boon to Townsvilio people If it only means one omnibus an hcur, it will bo of no benefit to the public generally ; and although it may be a slight convenience to those who now live in the Mundingburrah suburbs, it certainly will not tempt other people to go and live there. Tbyihg to Wbhccthb Mini3tby.—1The Jk vertU Timet of Wednesday, October 3, ta) $ " Tjie two men George Herbert and Mat. Brad field were broughtbefore the Bocky Mouth Bench at the instance of the police, charged with cut ting down tbe eastern beacon used for tin guidance of navigation at the Clarence bsr. They were committed for trial at tho Circuit Court, to be held next month at Grafton Sub inspector Kerrigan conducted the prosecution. Tbe evidence was that at daylight on Monday, the pilot, with his crew, went out to meet the Ajax, which had tho Ministerial party on board, and the Helen Nieoll, when he, fortunately noticed that the froot beacon near the beach had been cut during the night. He hastened back bo the beach with all speed, and had barely time to re-erect the beacon when the .Ajax and the Helen Kicoll wero seen to bs taking the bar. But for the pilot's promptness a disaster similar to that which befell the New England would havo happened to both vessels. The two men now in custody hail from Palmer's Island about 10 miles from tho Clarence Heads. They left 1 he island on Sunday morning in a boat, and arrived the same night at Vambs. They left their boat on the beach near the beacon about a mile from Yamb*. The off n«-e u said to have been committed about 10 o'clock the sumo night. 'I he police accompanied by a blackfellow, tracked the men, who must hare been dragging part of the rope in the direction of their boat, where the rope was found. Herbert and Bradfield were in castody biforo there wa» time for escApe." Tnu Weatheb in Bbisbanb.—The meteoro logical observer reports as follows of the weather in Brisbane- during September;—" The weather has been fooler than usual during the month, the mean shade temperaturev66 Odegs., being O'G do*. under tho average of this month for the previous ten years, and 14 degs. under the previous three years The highest reading in shade, 85 drgs, was on the IGth ; tho lovest on gnus, 37 degs., was on the morning of the 8th The highest barometric reading, 30 312 inches, was at 9 am. on the 30th, and tho lowest, 29'G5i inches, at 3 p in. on the 3rd. The m an barometric rearing, 300G3 inches, is 017 inch over the average of tbe month. Kain fell on 5 days ; the total fall, 2 08 inches, being 0T2 inch over the average of the month for the previous ten years. The greatest fait during 21 hours, '88 inch, was on the 28th. Tbe total rainf*U for the year 1883, to Seplem-' ber 30th, was 27 32 inches, on 91 days," 