THE BISHOP'S REPENTANCE. (LSTOBT w TWO chapters. chapter i. When Richard Muegrave settled in Kiat he was pleased to call bis mind, that he would take orders in the Chnrch of England, it was thought by his friends— by whom I mean the very few relations who took any interest in him — that he had better seek for a curacy in the diocese of Alchester. Alsetshire was a healthy, cheap country, and it so happened that the Bishop of Alchester had been sn old college friend of his father's. When considerations of choice are equally balanced some very slight reason is enough to make up a deter mination. What young Musgrave could hare expected from Bishop Qrant it was BOt very easy to see. Certainly Musgrave plri and Dr. Grant had been very intimate in undergraduate days, and for sometime longer they had had rambles together, and many common acquaint- anceSjSnd bad for some years corresponded Kith considerable vigour. Then all this had gradually fallen off, as it is often the cue in life- Grant got on in a wonderful Way. He had been fortune's favourite from the first Musgrave got on a little anJ f lion KaoATMA nopmananlln stationary. He took a small living, and so was shunted off the main line. His friends had secured him a moderate benefice — no inconsiderable matter as thines now go — and they did not feel called upon to do auythiog more for him or his family. On this benefice he had managed to give his son a good education, and had sent him to Cambridge. We do not mean to represent our young clerical hero as being in any degree arem'arkable person. He was notplucked, but on the other hand he took no honours. He passed quietlyand reputably throneh Cambridge. The dons gave him a good word, and he was decidedly popnlar with the men of his year. It was bit father's qniet, blameless career all over again. To be exactly like his father, he also resolved that he would enter the ministry of the Church of England. Why be should have done so was not at all dear, even to his own mind. He did not profess to have the strong inward call and persuasion which he knew was with some men. His father had been a clergyman, and why should he not be a clergyman himself? These things run Teiy much in families. So he looked out for a tithe in the diocese of Alchester, and fonnd one without much difficulty. The career of Dr. Grant had been a remarkable one, butonethathad not been nnfreqnently paralleled in the happy annals of Oxford and Cambridge. Poor 1 scholars of sizars, by industry and ability, have risen repeatedly to high honours in Chnrch and State. Grant had been one of the poorest of poor scholars. It was reported of him that, to save the expense of candles, he had, in his freshman's term, wrapped his feet in straw and studied under the light of the staircase lamp. In those days Musgrave had been by far the better off of the two, and when the two young men agreed to breakfast to gether, being on the same floor, the balance of comfort and luxury certainly lsy with Musgrave. But a very short time sufficed to change all that. Whereas Uosgrave took no honours at all, Grant was at the very head of the academical tree. He became fellow and tutor of his college, a canon of acathedral with thebest living in the gift of the chapter, and ul timately a bishop. The remarkable thing was that this man's whole nature ex panded with the genial glow of prosperity. The poor scholar became famous for cosrtly manners as soon as he was in troduced into courtly society. He was always known asbeing a very hard-headed man of indomitable shrewdness, deter mination, and perseversoce, and, for all his courtliness, there was a band of iron beneath the velvet glove. The story was told ofhim, whether truly or untruly, that in his country parish he once found a dying man by the roadside. He gently and tenderly lifted him np and conveyed him to the other side of the road that he might die in another parish, and his own be raved expense. Indeed, it was a common saying among his friends that if he gone to the Bar he wonld certainly have been Lord Chancellor. He a comely- looking man, and his come liness increased as he became older, eo that his friends gave him the name of "beauty of holiness.' He had an ex tremely satisfactory bishopric, to use old Fuller's expression, ' not with so high a reck as some of them, but with a deeper manger.' Musgrave had watched Ms friend's career with rejoicing and astonishment. Ifhen Grant had published tin famous edition of the most corrupt play extant of dichylus, when he had been made canon and professor, when he had attained to his bishopric, Mr. Musgrave l«d not failed to send him congratulatory epistles. Dr. Grant had answered all these, chattily and agreeably in the first jnstance, within rather limited dimensions m the second, and quite curtly in the w 1 Muegrave felt hurt. That old sincere affection which he had for his ancient ally and college chnm had apparently ceased to be reciprocated. He was a man of independent character, and resolved that any farther correspondence most come om ihe bishop's side. With that was not envy, but was olute wonder, he read Mb old com panion's speeches in the House of Lords ; cd saw his name at the Queen's garden and concert parties, and at the festivities Uie great ; and taking his holidays in ni£. n t£le "nth of France. He wsbea him well, bat was afraid that the »hine of life had hardened his whilom ends heart Despite his resolution ti should not be the hand to gather P the threads of a broken friendship, he not oppose his son's intention to go the diocese of Alchester; and eo usg is the natural desire of a father's ®rt to do any good turn possible for son, that he broke through hie resolve silence, and gave his son Tom Mns- a letter f introduction to hie old W»i kishop. When Tom went to pay his respects prelate — for the bishop re- j T personal interview with candi- .r"38 psfore ordaining them — he was the cold, big library, where Waiteof old bishops looked down the goodly tomes which they had j?aeatiied to their see. He sent in both esrdand his father's letter "ofiu- 9 nait?00" ter waiting for abpnt - a of an hour he was shown into a Th smaller library of a much mors jiTy description, where modern lite- jj.. "? ®ven modern fiction hd Its lwcVi and where Tom's cultured olfactory o£ cofifee ndo- "loctively feu abteli 0f greB great acuteness, and most courtly manner came kindly up to him end clasped bothhls hands with effusion'. Ah, Mr. Musgrave, howdo you do?' said the blandest of bishops ; 'and how Is your dear father?' ' B|S l,;. r?18 V6iy Weil" "V lord. and he Bends best respects to your lordship.' m„ ??.w £Ind fhi,m i and he remembera still after all these years. Oh, how very kind of Mm 1 It is forty yam, w £nin bu,hop with a Toice of singular sweetness and calmness, 'since we were undergraduates together at St Ambrose. We lived on the same floor of the eame staircase, and every morning, for many terms together, we had the eame breakfast, and after hall we had the same tea. Your father never did justice to his great natural ability, or he might have done better than I have done. Everybody liked him, the simplest and Kindest-hearted of men.' Tom's eyes glistened. There are few fathers and sons who loved each other better than Tom and his father. « yon come into my diocese, said the bishop, affectionately laying his b«nd upon Tom's arm. «I shall think it my duty to be a friend and father to yon, for your own sake and for yoor father's sake. But you will have to see and satisfy my examining chaplain,' added the bishop, not withont a certain sharpness in his tone. Tom thought it rather odd that the bishop, after all his kindness, did not ask him to lunch. There was a theory among some bishops in thosedays, which are now old days, that the Biblical injunction to bishops to he hospitable belonged to times in which there were no hotels or eating- houses, and that consequently the injunc tion had become obsolete. At the present time most bishops are largely given to luncheons, and will receive their yonng friends all the time that their ex aminations are going on. This was not the state of things at Alchester in those days. The bishop's palace was two and a half miles out of Alchester. It was justly considered by his lordship that a walk to and fro wonld be a healthy and im proving exercise for yonng Levitea. This was accordingly done by a considerable proportion of the candidates, bnt nervous yonng men, who conld not spare the time from their books, took np their abode at a small public-house joatontside the gardens of the bishop's palace. The public-house did not bear a good repu tation, especially at the racing season, for tbe racecourse was close at hand, bnt the landlord always successfully main tained before the licensing magistrates that the pnblic-house was a necessity for the bishop's young men. In due time Tom fonnd his way to the examining chaplain. Before doing eo he greatly hurt the feelings of the bntler by mistaking him for that functionary. The examining chaplain was a good and kindly man, himself destined to become a distinguished bishop. In the result, Tom passed very fairly, and received a kindly shake of the episcopal hand and a fractional one-twenty-third part of divers addresses delivered to him and twenty- two other candidates. Then Tom went down to Ms little curacy in a remote part of Alsetshire. The parish of Daaehill, to which he was licensed, consisted of a little village with one small street, which the people called ' the town, ' and extended several miles, both in length and breadth, with some scattered cottages in it There was a station known by Dm mbui of Boad Station, which seduced the unwary into the idea that it was close to Danehiii, and ignored the fact that there was an unpleasant trndge of over six miles of clay road before DaneMll proper conld be reached. Danehiii proper considered itself a right proper sort of place, for it boasted of the Montacote Arms, the name of the noble family, the head of which was the lord of the manor, and also of the Montacote crosses and monuments in the old parish chnrch, wMch were full of interest to antiquarians. There was only one little house in the village that boasted furnished apartments, and this had been occupied by a long succession of curates, and was known as the curate's lodga Here abode a veiy motherly kind of person, widow of a parish clerk deceased, who did the more delicate laundry-work of the parish, and took special care of the curates, their morale and their belongings. There was very little society in the parish. The land, far and wide, belonged to the Montacntes, and the chief people were the tenant-farmers, -who had large holdings under the great house. Bnt the vicarage made a great deal of amends. The vicar, John Maynard, was old and feeble now, and contented Mm- self with giving tbe absolution to his flock and rehearsing to them the Ten Commandments. He had always been a reading and thinking man,' and made himself very useful to Tom Musgrave" in' making him read and think much more than Tom had ever done at college, likewise, he pointed onfc to the young deacon where he would find sermons short and sweet, enited to the capacity of Ha bucolic congregation. -The - stipend was not very madb and Tom Mnsgrave, junior, was very glad to receive from Tom Muegrave, senior, an occasional replenishment of his purse. Bnt the greatest charm of all was in the vicar's daughter, Luraita, the child of hie old age, the very apple of the old man's eye, to whom, with touching simplicity and weakness, he looked for help and comfort in all things. The clergyman nearest at hand was a certain Mr. Dyke, who had been for years curate of the next parish, the rector of which was a wealthy absentee: Lord Montacnta wonld once or twice a year ride over from Montacote; Castle to pay his respects, bnt the Beverend Dyke made it a point of con- srience to come over on an average once a week to smoke a pipe with the rector and talk over old books and old college What has the British curate got to do lmdernurh' 'circumstances I He moat Ml! in love with the redoris danghte t He la bound to do it. it is his natural destiny. It is what hosts of curates have done before, shd.vriiatttMy arebonixd to dotill theend of the chaptec. Arid small, blame indeed to Tom Masgraye iorthns rushing upon the inevitable. He - was5 thrown rill as sweet is Jjbglisti iur «6n3d mara hSrs loot >bw(«iwmpl;perhapB,i sub thenieteis of oome of themaavvhqm" t-winwri 'at'tfae UpSVerritr, Tnft with a more solid character, a more solid education, and gifts and graces of her own which were positively charming and bewildering. Moreover, tbe girl was so thoroughly good, bo practical in every thing that she took in hand, that Tom found himself taking great pains in looking after the bedridden old women of the parish, in taking a class in the schools, and in spelling out Bermons of his own instead of merely copying those of other people, in order to win an approving smile from Lucilla. We are poor hnman creatures, and it often happens that the hnman love and the divine love become inextricably interznunrled. By-and-bye, by a natural graduation of ideas, Tom began to think of marrying — Lucilla of coarse — soberly, discreetly, advisedly, and had strong hopes that the bishop, his cwn friend and hie father's friend, would give him some preferment, after he had worked steadily in the dio cese for some years, which would enable him to carry out this little idea. It was rather a trial, when he went np at the end of his first year in order to obtain fall orders, that the bishop seemed to take hardly any notice of him, and rele gated Mm entiralv to the chaplain. However, several lively political questions were astir about this time, and he concluded that the bishop was so immersed in pnblic and politic! mottors that it was not necessary to resort to the extreme hypothesis of Intentional discourtesy to explain the actual neglect. One day old Dyke walked over to have one of his long chats with the aged rector, and to take his homoeopathic dose of whisky in the cold spring water for which the garden of Danehiii Rectory was famous. It came sheer from the rocks, and on the hottest day of summer was as cool as if it had been moderately iced. Dyke had hardly missed coming each week for seven years, the eventful seven years which had tamed Lucilla from a child into a woman. Dyke had given the lonely girl a good deal of a youth's education ; had taught her chess and Euclid, and had even taught her to read Greek and Latin authors. He wonld notteachhsr to write Latin verses, because he justly considered that yonng ladies ought to have verses written to them, and not to write verses themselves. likewise he bad tangfat her to play on Hie organ, to play some old chnrch music which he had picked np in foreign travel, and which hardly anyone else in England knew. To outsiders he seemed a reserved, monastic, silent man ; bnt those who knew him well, knew how gentle and wise a man he was. Tom had been making all kinds of parish plans with Lucilla, while Dyke, with kindly and yet anxious eyes, silently watched the handsome yonng couple. Who can tell what enrions, loving fancies daring the past few years had been building themselves np in old Dyke's mind, and what terrible bavoc the hand some yonng curate was making in them ? ' I wish the old bishop wonld give me a living,' eaid Tom Musgrave, as with longing eyes he watched Lucilla go down the stone etepB that led from the drawing- room into the garden. I don't think you've got much chance, yonngster, unless yon conld get such a man as Lord Montacute to pnt in a word for yon,' ' I am trying to do all I can,' qnoth poor Tom. ' I know you are, yonngster, and it does yon credit It will go to yonr ledger account by-and-by ; bnt there's no ledger that will take notice of it in this world. What does it matter to yonr bishop, or what does he know, whether yon are going on copying yonr sermons or striking visit yonr eick and poor, or smoke cigars and read French novels all day ? Yonr bishop does not know, and probably does' not care to know, anything abont you. Yon leave Mm alone, and he'll leave you alone.' 'Fortunately I have some personal knowledge of the bishop,' eaid Tom. 'Beally,' answered Dyke ; ' and what is yonr hold on old Grant ?' My - father and he were intimate friends at college.' ' And l suppose your father reminded him of it?' Yes. He thought it might be a help to me.' ' And I suppose the bishop shook yon' warmly by the hand -?' ' Just so;' ' And talked to yon about yonr father ?' ' In the kindest way possible.' And promised to be a father and a friend to yon?' He did. " Bless him V And from that day to this he hasn't taken mnch notice of yon. Has he ?' ' I really can't say that he has. He has been so busy, yon see;' ' Exactly. Now, my yonng friend, Til tell yon something. ' . I know Grant He and I were at school together. I came here as curate-in-charge of Milderton, soon after he came into Alsetshire, as bishop, and I had to- see him abont bring licensed.' 'Wis had been great friends at school, and there we parted, he for Cambridge, end I for Oxford He greeted me with positive affection, and said he wonldbe a brother to me.' 'Arid did teT : a That happened: thirteen -years ago, and from -that day to this we have never exchanged a word, except formerly at pnblic meetings.' 'Neither has he done so with my father, and I believe; from all I have heard, that my father was the .greatest friend he ever had at college.' The old rector, fry reason of Mb age and infirmities, had gone very -early to rest Old men and little children, he used to say,- both required mnch reprise, and should froth keep early hours. Lncilla did thehoBtess charmingly, and dispensed her hospitality and attention with absolute impartiality. The old curate and the yonng one walked away across the fields In the qniet slimmer evening. 'The fact is, I snppoBe,' Bald the old enrate with a-cheerfal- twinkle In his eye, ' that you want to marry Lucilla ?' 'I do, indeed,' eaid the yonng man fervently, ' And I dare say Lncilla knows yon want to many her ?' Icertainly think that I havB managed to convey that' idea -to her mind,' said the young mmjritha happy, contented anifat - -7 « " " i ; For h moment tlre face df the rider ofan fiiiBhril andgrew pale ; .then he said ' :' Host people who. have .come to my time Sf Rfawb'nld-exhort Yoti hot to split npon the rook of an early undowered Car- riage. That, however, is not my advice. When I hear of a marriage being an un happy one, this is not generally on account of narrow means, it is through extrava gance, or want of principle, or something of that sort. If you unexpectedly find in this lovely villages pearl of great price, one richer than all ita kind, you will make the greatest possible mistake in throwing it away. Richer and better than any preferment, benefice, canonry, or bishopric, is the winning of such a price less girl as my Lucilla. There is snch a thing as an honest man marrying for love, doing his best, and God prospering and taking care of him.' It will be readily understood that this wonld be a very intelligent and grateful doctrine to the yonng curate. It is not a doctrine which anyone wonld venture to argne upon the principal of political economy ; but then such principles in variably break down nnder such a combi nation of circumstances as the present " And I don't mind telliog yon, youngster,' continued Mr. Dyke, ' that if yon had not come aDd pnt yonr oar in, I skonld most probably have fallen in love and possibly have married the yonng ladv mvselfL It is not as it she were liv- ing in London, where there wonld be plenty of people abont her, hat in this remote neighbourhood she met hardly anyone except myself. And in my ex perience most marriages of an elderly man with a yonng girl have not been nnhappy. Bnt no doubt yonng wives Bhould have young husbands. Thatia common -sense,and the rale of tbe world, which no one onght to depart from without the gravest canse. I have been thinking that I should like to marry Lucilla, and I will many her ; that is to say, I will marry her to yon.' And the Beverend Dyke really did this, the rector being only up to the mark of coming to the service and giv ing the bride away. It added mnch to his comfort, and happiness, and length of days, that the young people should take up their abode with him at the rectory. Lnciila was one of those women of whom the saying is true, that it is a' liberal education only to know her. She was an extraordinary girl, and she had the good sense to know that ehe had not married an extraordinary man. But ehe made the moat of him, and palled him np to a mnch higher level than he had ever been accustomed to. I don't mean to say that she went so far as the Bev. Mrs. Jones, and the Bev. Mrs. Robinson, who have been known to write their husband's eermons, and to do so very welL But she took care that Tom should both study his Bible and talk common- sense, and should not take np too much time in doing so. Indeed, the parish became quite a noted one, the yonng parson exactly suiting the tone and capacity of the rustics, he and his wife doing all they coatd to keep them straight in their conduct, finding them plenty of cheerful amusement, and getting their children to church and school. Thus things went on very happily for six useful, fruitful years. A nursery had seen set np, and was somewhat thickly popnlated for that period of time. Then the dire event, long foreseen and vaguely terrible in the distance, came to pass in the final illness and death of the good old rector. To him it was a euthanasia. At the last his mind wandered. All his children's children were gathered kneeling ronnd his bed ; be fancied be was in church once more, and lifting np his hands he gave them the benediction, and so passed gently away. It iB sad to think what a terrible rend ing of ties constantly goes on in England on the death of a clergyman. Jt is eoouvh »i — i — ii, tmr it is infinitely "worse at the rectory. At the hall the heir succeeds, aud all the old heirlooms are kept together, and the family name remains, and the family place is still the centre and resort of all the kith aud kin. But when the rector dies, in abont six weeks' time the desolate family yield up the place to perhaps total strangers, the income ceases from the very day of the demise, and all the old associations are torn away by the roots. It was precisely this which now threatened the Mnsgraves. In ail probability they wonld soon have to tarn oat of house and home. The living was in the gift of the bishop, and Tom naturally wrote to the bishop to make application for it. Bnt Tom now knew more of men and of human nature than when he first - came into Alsetshire. He had altogether ceased to look upon the bishop ae his patron, hie father, and his friend, it was with very chilled ex pectations that he committed his letter to the village post-box, saying a sort of grace over it, that good success might attend Ms good endeavonrs for his wife and family. chapter n. Oar narrative now shifts to the cathe dral city of Alchester, or rather to tbe bishop's palace, some two miles beyond the environs of the city. It was a bright summer morning, and the bishop and the examining chaplain were sitting together in the snug inner library, the windows of which opened on the wide fawn, which sloped gently down to the margin of that little brook, the Al, which gave name to the city and county. The morning's letters were on the table, and some of them- necessitated- some consultation between the chief and the chaplain. There, was a little official note from the Treasury, desiring my lord to be in Ms place in Parliament on a certain night, when her Majesty's Opposition wonld be bringing on a motion damaging to Her Majesty's Government ; one or- two invitations to thoBe grander -and more solemn festivities among country families, wMch bishops may bless by their presence; of course several applications for diocesan subscriptions, which bishops have to meet in" some abundance; and correspondence abont refractory curates, ritualistically or rationalistically inclined. I see the poor old rector of Daaehill has gone at last,' qnoth the chaplain. ' He has held out a wonderfully long time.' Dr. Grant mnrmnred a confirmatory sound, and added .' And here's a letter from his eon-ln-law, young Mnsgrave, asking for the living.' Of course, said tire chaplain, and the cold eneer of the monosyllables seemed to brash away all poor Tom's chances at once." 'He haB never given ns any trouble," eaid the bishop — this was perhaps the: highest praise that a bishop Could bestow; — 'and bis father was a very worthy man, an old friend of my own.' 'It is an: important living;' said tbe chaplain, , 'a. very important living. A dear six hundred a -year,' \- He was wondering whethBr thefrlshop had any nephew whom he wonld be likely to appoint. If not, he had a nephew or two of his own, for whom he was naturally anxious to make a suitable provision. 'It is a bad thing,' said tbe bishop thoughtfully, swaying the hand that held Tom Muegrave's letter, ' to let a enrate sncceed a rector. What one natnrally likes to Bee in a parish is an infnsion of new blood.' The bishop quite forgot that his own blood was now old and chill, and that it wonld probably be much for the welfare of the diocese if he made way for a new and yoaoger man, who might infuse fresh energy into it. ' It ib also a great objection to let a son- in-law succeed a fatber-iu-law. It looks like nepotism. At the present day the pnblic don't like that sort of thing.' So said "tbe examining chaplain with amiable inconsistency, forgetting that he had a nephew in tbe Chnrch, and that he had specially charged himself with pushing his progress. Here was a combination of fine general principles against poor Musgrave, and one which it wonld be very difficult to resent, ITav nffAf) if kanhana fltal- « down some large general principle, not very safe in itself, and still less Bafe in its application, which causes some rath- less personal injustice! Dr. Grant might certainly be trusted to write a very civil letter of refusal to Mns grave. He excelled in writing this sort of letter. He conld refuse a kindness with a better grace than most people could show in bestowing one. He thought that, anyhow, he would wait a few days. He had no one particularly in hie mind for thie bit of patronage. He was not personally acquainted with the excellence of Mb chaplain's nephew. There would be a perfect snowstorm of letters making application in the course of » few days, and he conld make a deliberate selection. A good many letters did come in the course of a few days, including a argent one from Tom's loving father. All tbe same Tom did not nearly come within the limits of the competition. Something very remarkable happened abont this time one night in the stillness and silence of the bishop's lonely bed chamber. The bishop was a widower, and held the dogma of a certain council of the Chnrch that a bishop must never take a second wife. What happened to the bishop was one of those serious mental crises that do Bometimes happen to some of as. The bishop did not eee a vision or a ghost, although I must not be taken as disbelieving in the possibility of visions and ghosts. Neither did he have a marvellous dream, althongh I conld tell somethrillingstories of marvellous dreams Bishop Grant's mental state did not arise from sleep but from sleeplessness. He had taken his one small cap of coffee. He had read through a very churchy article in The Quarterly Review, which he con sidered a highly appropriate way of con cluding the evening. Then he retired to rest, but not to sleep. His sleep forsook him altogether in a way which had not happened to him for a great number of years. He tried all the approved plans for invoking sleep, but these proved wholly futile. He got up, and walked np and down the room but that wouldn't do. He fixed his eye steadily on the bed post — his night-light jnst enabled him to detect its outline — but the bed-poet failed to charm him. He buried his head nnder the bedclothes, and attempted to count five hundred, but that simply in creased his mental excitement. The bishop had nnW-11 — narcotics in i.n Toom. He altogether disapproved of these things, mote especially as he never wanted them. Then the bishop fell into a train of thought which soon lapsed into a series of remembrances. Year after year the bishop went back through a long chain of recollections, hugging himself and blessing himself on his promotion, and dignity, aud influence, and wondering how from snch very small beginnings he had risen to snch prosperous issues, while I much stronger men had dropped oft, and mnch abler men had attained no each success. Was this, indeed the best of all possible worlds, or were these balances to be set right in another state of existence ? The bishop's musings were not simply congratulatory. He moralised, and he moralised extremely well and earnestly, He was a sober, serious Christian in his heart. He was a good man and had a conscience, the sort of conscience which belongs to a political bishop. It is easy to fling stones at people in high places, but for many years he had led an active, blameless life, and he had the quality and power of governing, which is a very difficult and rare attainment. As he reviewed the story of his days he recog nised responsibilities and omissions. Had he fairly met all the claims which Mb unexpected greatness had brought upon him ? Had he not been content to accept the flatteries and civilities of Lon don houses, or the connty people, and his little clerical court, and had he not rather shrank from the more laborious and eelf- sacrificing part of his work ? Had he ever visited and sought out modest merit and uncomplaining indigence among his working clergy ? Had he not' been con tent with laudatory puffs and paragraphs in the papers, with the good word of men in high station lib himself, with aatisfy- ing populat opinion around bim f Thus the bfahop meditated, and administered, a somewhat severe episcopal charge -to himself. What s he doing that time last year and the year before that, and before that and before thai So he ran swiftly through the story of his days. It was a kind of introspection which was -common to. him, and indeed might well and wisely be common to all of ni Bat perhaps never before had he eo vividly and freshly recalled ' the days iff his life.' Many of those days were not very dis tinctly borne in mind by him. The rich, crowded, prospefons years daring which he had held his bishopric were by no means remembered with snch sharp out line as the years of straggling and com parative penary. In that lucid time of vigilant wakefulness thefar-off years drew near once more; and with mora clearness than any of theyeara that followed them. Once more he was at college.- He re membered with almost delirious joy when first he fonnd his name the very first on the class- list ; when, before that, he gained the exhibition from Ms school and the scholarship from tire college.' He remembered tod the days when he and Mnsgrave bad chummed, when bis break fast was always taken into his friends room, and how that friend ' shared with Mm many a simple luxury which was altogether'beond "his own means, and gave him the loan of books ; and on one occasion, when all his money "was gone in defraying biB town and college bills, his old friend had lent Mm a ten- pound note, which he could not very well have spared, which paid his travelling expenses home and enabled Mm to tide prosperously through the vacation. It gave him jost a little pang to reflect that he had not very kindly treated bis old friend or Ms old friend's son. The stream of memory still flowed backward, and landed him in the old grammar-school, where he had received all that thorough grounding which had paid him bo well in his University career. Then he and Dyke bad been great com petitors. It was true that he had generally beaten Dyke, but then Dyke had beaten the more than hundred boys who had been below him. How very odd it was that Dyke should come ae a curate into the very diocese where he was bishop, and odd that he and Dyke, who had once been so intimate, should now be almost absolute strangers ! And some words occurred to Mm about the first being last and tbe last being first He was an old man now ; but where were udi many oia men wnose ibsi days had been their best days ? Might he not see through his own eyes instead of through the eyes of -other people ? Might not hia experience, and ripened judgement and mild loving tolerance effect as mnch as the more ambitious energlesof younger men ? If there were any arrears of daty and of kindness to be made np, could he not in the days that may yet be granted hope to overtake them ? Before the long night came on of extreme old age and of death, might be not torn away from what was merely secular and ambitious, and do some simple and good work in the twilight of life ? Farther than this outline we do not intrude on the meditations of the bishop. Such as they were, they left his heart happier and brighter than perhaps he had known in those years of greatness: He fell into a eweet slumber, and slept the sleep of the just. Next day the bishop walked over from his Palace to attend morning service at the cathedral When in residence, he always made a point of going into Alchester on 'certain days. He always liked to stand well with the mayor and corporation, though the majority of them were Nonconformists, and took the cbair at some town meeting or committee, and occupied his throne during service at the cathedral, and made diligent enquiry how hie Theological College was getting on. He liked to be spoken of as ' the diligent and indefatigable bishop.' Then he would go back, after lunching with tbe dean or one of the canons, with a good appetite and a good conscience, to his dinner. On this occasion, as he was taking his walks abroad in the streets, to the great admiration of the beholders, who wondered that a bishop shonld walkabout on his legs like an ordinary being, he almost stumbled against the Beverend Dyke, who, by a fortuitous combination of circumstances, happened to be at Alchester that day. Mr. Dyke belonged to a friendly book club of country parsons, who met once a year for an early dinner aud cosy chat, and a sale by Dutch auc tion of publications that had been ordered, by subscribers daring the previous year. Now, in the ordinary way, Mr. Dyke wonld have given the bishop a respectful salutation, which wonld have " Tieen responded to ibyj a._atatafa »» But to- lurosnip" came np, eager-eyed, eager-voiced, and with both hands out stretched, and greeted him most heartily. ; ' My dear Dyke, is it yon ? I have not seen you for ages. I am afraid that we old friends are quite forgetting one another.' 'My lord,' stammered Dyke, rather taken aback, ' if this is eo it is not my fault.' Something like an extra coionr came into Dr. Grants broneed face. ' Never mind that. There is something that I want to talk to you abont Come and dine with me. ' We can pnt yon up for the night at the house." There was many a clergyman in the diocese to whom tbe episcopal invitation would have given a flatter of joyous excitement It migbthave been tbecase once, and not eo many years ago, with Thomas Dyke ; bat now long past that sort of thing. A solemn dinner and a long sitting with the bishop, estranged from him by three-quarters of a lifetime, was oot at all to bis taste. He had much rather finish up Ms day by a friendly cup of tea with a certain minor canon, and get home comfortably in the cool of evening. ' ' No, thank yon, my lord. Iam not prepared to deep in Alchester to-night ; bat if yoa wish to speak to me, I will walk with yon in the direction of tbe Palace.' The old rector of Danehiii has gone at last,' eaid the bishop as they walked along. 'Now, my old friend, I feel that yon have waited much too long without preferment, and, if yon will take the liv ing, I will give it you with the greatest pleasure.' There was a time when this living would have exactly suited old Dyke, especially if the rectory need not have changed its mistresa. The idea was in tolerable to his mind that he, of ail men, should be the means of turning her out of the place where she had lived her little life.- If he could possibly do this dear fair' girl some good service — still dear and fair, though the little children were now clinging to her knees — the loyal old man felt that the dearest wish of his heart wonld be gratified. ' My. lord,' he Baid, ' I am very grate- fol, bnt I am an old man now, and -do not care for the pleasant tilings of life, I will keep on as I am as long as I may, and lam sure that in some way I shall be provided for as long as I live. But there is the enrate of Danehiii, my lord — a man who has done his work very faithfolly and well- for years past. If yon wonld kindly let me have a voice in the disposal of the living which yon offer me, I wonld urge his claim as strangely ae possible. 'I know Mr. Musgrave,' answered the bishop. ' He is a worthy man, and the eon of a worthy man, and an old friend of my own. It is folly my intention to look after Me interests. Bat It is not for the good of a parish that a, enrate should succeed his rector or a son-in-law his father-in- law.' ' My lord, if be is really a good man why should you displace Mm for one who may not be a good man ? Rules are made for men, and not men for roles. No rules should be so inflexible that their application should do harm instead of good.' Til think it over, Dyke ; I'll think it over. As for you, it will end by my being obliged to- make a canon of yon. You trill not mind that ?' To eay the truth, that -was exactly the thing which Mr. Dyke would not mind. The bishop, as he eaid, turned it over in his mind. He determined to carry out his new idea of seeing things with his own eyes. He wonld take strict regard to the requirements of the district and the character of the clergyman. He wonld go to Danehiii and see things for himself. He determined that he wonld go off the very next day. Unfortunately the right 'reverend pre late had not mastered tbe difference between Danehiii and Danehiii Boad Station. He was not so much acquainted as he might have been with the physical geography of his county. His original idea had been that he wonld pick np a fly at the etatioD, investigate Danehiii, and perhaps go on to my lord at the castle, aud get his views on tilings in general, ana xianemu in particular. Arrived at Alchester- Station a sadden Idea struck the bishop, and he took a tMrd-cIass ticket to Ms destination. This was the first time that he had travelled third-class during his episcopate, and It broaght- him nearer than he had ever been before to the bucolic mind. It was market-day at 'an important town on the line, and the carriages were filled with farmers and peasants They had not a very extended dialect, these rustics, a vocabularly limited to'a very few hundred words, and they Used "mnch plainness of speech, enlivened with a pro vincial -oath now and then wMch 'both amused and horrified the bishop. Tbe day had become snddenly overcast, and the rain came down heavily, which in the event turned ont unfortunately for the bishop. The train stopped at every station, and at every station there was a constant going ont and getting in. There was one bucolic being who nursed a basket of eggs on his knees, and bad a sack of potatoes by Mb side, who was very affable with hie lordship, and who turned ont to be a native of DanehilL He liked the parson; parson had come very often when his mother had rhenmatics ; rheu matics were common at Danehiii 'because the sile be so loamy.' Conld be read and write ? ' Yes, he conld a little ; parson had tanght him at night-scbooL Yonng parson wasn't such a scholar as old parson; he spoke quite as plain in chnrch as if he were speaking to two poor third-class chaps like you and me,' said Hodge to his bishop. The bishop was astute enough to . see that if a man visited Ms rick poor, taught in a night school, and preached a plain sermon, he was really doing a valuable kind of work in his way. Thus cogitat ing, and thus impressed, Dr. Grant alighted at Danehiii Boad Station. Any pleasing vision which he might have entertained of a well-equipped cab was speedily dispelled. No snch thing had ever been eeen in this part of the world within hnman history. Tbe station- master being appealed to said that per haps a gig, and certainly a light cart, might be obtained at Danehiii, but nothing of that sort was to be seen at the station. "T""1 M/inainf rri Hi npiall- "bounngTarmers, and they would not be coming back until late in the evening. Then the bishop heroically determined to walk. He told himself that he was qnite a strong man and as well able to walk half- a-dozen miles as any yonng man in the land, and he accordingly trudged forth with an air of great determination and vigonr. I have no donbt that Dr. Grant wonld have achieved his walk very successfully, bnt for two circumstances. The first was that the roads were in a state of primaeval mud, and the bishop's boots, ordinarily need on carpets, lawns, and smooth pavement, were nearly lost in the mad altogether. A good deal of fog and drizzle successfully harmonised with the mud. After walking abont four miles on a straight road the bishop came to a certain place where four roads met. Originally there had been a sign-post, but tbe sign-post bad disappeared, and the parochial mind in vestry embodied con sidered that their own people knew their own roads without going to any expense for a new sign-post. The . bishop being thus thrown on his natural sagacity, of course took the wrong road, bring in fluenced in his choice by noticing two cottages at the bottom of a mile and a half of steepest hill. One of these was totally nnfuraiBhed, and' the other was locked up, tbe people having all gone away for the day. Then the bishop discerned a farmhouse on -the top of another hill, towards which he painfully made hia way, realising that -at his time of life it was easier to go downhill than np bill. At the farmhou8e he fonnd out that he had mistaken Ms road, which fay in the diametrically opposite direction. Any mile walked nnder these disappoint ing circumstances is as long as two, especially np ' a steep hill. ' Not a single hnman being did he meet ' to whom he might casually mention the story of his woes, caused by . tbe reprehensible want of a sign-post. Very hungry and thirsty, wet and wayworn was Dr. Grant .when he fonnd himself opposite The Montacute Arms, the one hostel of the village, hardly a shade better than an ordinary ale-hoose. Had the bishop found an available carriage, I am afraid that he wonld have taken it, after the benign processes of refreshment aud warming, and caught the np-train home. There was nothing to be hired bnt the light cart, aud that would not be available for some hours. -The thought occurred to his mind that- he would ask the hospitality of the rectory, but he felt that it would be hard to accept Mr. Musgrave'e hospitality and then refuse him the living. Up to that present moment he had not. made np his mind to offer Mr Musgrave the living ; to say rne iratn ne was nor in tne oesi unmoor either with Mr. Mnsgrave or with the parish of DanehiU. . However, The Mon-. tacute Arms owbed one . very- decent room, where , the Mbntacnte tenants in the parish were entertained at an audit- dinner every half-year, and also a decent bed-chamber. Evexy bishop has, neces sarily, a good dealof experience on the subject of etraoge bedrooms, while on confirmation tours, and thia one'e well- trained instinct tblA Mm that there was a bed that might be safely, slept in. Here he made'himstif as comfortable as circumetfiiices permitted.; the land lord, who was a gamekeeper on the estate, being able to produce a venison pasty. -Then he sent a messenger to the station with s telegram, asking for his nsnal travelling-bag, and the messenger was to wait and bring it back by the last train ' The next day was Sunday, bnt on that Sunday, and on any Sunday he chose, the bishop was a free man. His bag wonld include certain episcopal raiment which the bishop himself wonld sometimes playfully speak of as Jbis ecclesiastical toggery, or as ladies have called it, his war-paint It so happened that abont snnset all the roughness of the day went off, and there was a pleas ant time. The bishop's boots, socks, and gaiters being all dried effectively, he took bis walks abroad ; was favonrably impressed by the beanty and order of the cburcb, rectoiy, and schools, heard favourable accounts of the enrate, and still more of the curate's wife. He met Hodge, of the potato ssck, whom he en livened with a shilling ; then the bishop went to bed contentedly, and had a satisfactory Dight'a rest. The astonishment of Tom Mnsgrave may be easily conceived when the bishop, bag in hand, presented himself at the vestry, as soon as xom arnvearnere, ana eoqaired how he conld best assist in tbe service. Tom preached tbe sermon and the bishop gave tbe benediction. Tom preached one of his shortest and best sermons, respecting wMch, indeed, there was a rumour that all the best points had been pnt in by his wife. Then they went to dinner at tbe rectoiy — only a cold joint, salad, and home-brewed beer, tor Mrs. Mnsgrave, at this period of anxiety and uncertainly, had placed everything upon the most economical footing: Dr. Grant liked his old friend's son and thought very favourably of his work, but perhaps he thought still more of his pretty, graceful wife, so good-looking, and also who looked so good, and per haps most of the little children "who clambered on his knee and called'him 'bis hop.' That night he aod his bag went over to the rectory, and next morning he gave Tom the living.. It was generally allowed that Bishop Grant's fast days were his best days. It was astonishing how mnch work be got through and bow well he did it He gave Dyke a canonry, and wob able to do something for' his old friend Mnsgrave. He was veiy fond of visiting Tom Mus grave and his wife at the rectory of DaneMll, and the lady always met him with a psir of neat ponies at Danehiii Road Station. And when he died, in tbe oaonr of sanctity, it wob trnely said of him, that he was one who had loved to show himself the poor man's friend. 