LIPOGRAMRIATIC FETTEROGRAPHS. Our readers were invited to furmsh for publication fetterographs not exceeding twelve lines each upon any subject beginning with N, and with tbe letter M entirely excluded. We publish the folio wing this week:— Nothing, 'tis said, can spring from nothing; what Is nothing then the ghost of what is not! Nor ponderous nor tangible, a string Of shallow thoughts of vacant skulls, that wing Their flight to nowhere, and returning theuce Well laden for us all, at no expense— A visionary pocket full of cash, Or scraps of stuff for literary hash (And this is one) like Shakspeare's stolen purse, A worthless nothing; or what still is worse— A purse full up with unpaid bills, and where No, Fred; I do not love Clarissa Brand, I've walked with her, I've talked with her, I think that once I kissed her lily hand— I own that I have often in the dance Adored her face, Her jaultless grace; But, dash it, she has lately gone to France— Who cares for that. Not I, by jingo, no; I'd let her go To Jericho, Nor care a rap when ehe returned. I. O. No longer weep, but dry thy tears; Know all things are ordained by heaven. Think of thy faults through all these years, And grateful be for blessings given, Hepine not, for 'tis wrong to fret; Let all thy hours be wisely spent. Take courage, and you soon will get Both love and peace if you repent. The flowers all love the gentle light, And turn their pet&ls.to; the sun. We all should follow what is right, Aud grateful pray "Thy will be done." B. S. S. Nigiit drew the curtains of her ebon throne Around her ; all was silent as the grave. I stood upon the dreary plain alone With throbbing heart. Then kneeling on a stone, "Saveme, thou Power adored," I cried, " O save A fugitive who here has lost his way.' With care oppressed I sought repose. I slept; Sad thoughts of distant loving friends who wept, Disturbed each flitting vision till the day, All bright and beautiful, dispelled tbe night. Then help was near at hand. The cheering sight Assurance bicught that "all that is, Is right." Cosmopolitan. 