 BATHURST REVISITED. (from a correspondent.) (Continued) SINCE writing my letter which, appeared in your last issue the fates, against my will, in fact, with- out consulting me at all in the matter, brought me once more over the mountains and landed me at Bathurst. It was a causa litigonis, and I was to be a witness. Well, with the aid of one glass of common sense, and about a dozen glasses of something else, we soon came to an agreement. In this instance, so contrary to all my human experi- enoes, tho lawyers on both sides wore anxious fco settle tho case. They knew I was a friend of all parties concerned, amicus enrico so they oay in Latin ; so I became a groat factor in the work of reconciliation. Tho oppoaing counsel, bo it told to their honour, did not like to iloece tho oheop too much. A little bit or wool, no doubt, they took off with tho Jegni ohoaro, but 'they could talce off a deal more if fchey were not honest lawyers. It io only fair . to place the namca oi1 fcheoe hon ourable m&n; on record. They are Mr. M'IntO6h, oi; tho firm of M'Infcoob, Pinnock, and Price, and Mr. Hellyov, fcho onor ? getic member for Weot Macquario. Bhada manfchus, tho Judge, wao sitting on fcho judg ment seat, and those two honourable members o£ the ; profession were pulling tho scale eaeh hio own way, ao in duty bound. Tho cheerio wao being weighed, but only a few olicoo had gone off on either side. 1 was but a few minuteo on the scene when both agreed that it would be a good thing if matters could be settled. The glaos oi common sense oettled it in ton ohort minutes. Having thus a wholo afternoon to rayoelf, i re visited the land marko of which I had been writing of late. The old hospital is gone. G-od be with it — it was an eyesore at the beat, and io now replaced by tho finect institution o£ the kind anywhere in tho colony, at the opposite ond of the town. The old- gaol is doomed — its dayo are numbered. The handwriting is on the wall, and next month tho tenders will be accepted for ita removal. XTo doubt the old ruins will bo cold, and many will be there to bid for the debris. Now, f Honda of mine in Bathurst, don't uoo a brick or stick of that edifioo in any decent build ing you intend to put up. Why ? I hear you ask. Go and look at all the old houseo in J3a thurst that wore built ia the dayc this gaol was built, and with part of the oamo nm fcerial. Qbservo thorn well. What ia that dirty blotching on the walla that whitewash or paint cannot hido or obliterate ? If) in c, oancov no.eurgioal knifo can cut out. It in an old sia im tttoned for. It id a brick from the old otockede qn-fcho Ordnance Q-rouad. iiomo poor followo' tear^ got ooakod into that brick, and all tho plaster of Paris in tho world would not koep fcnat tear from oozing but. Don't take my word for it — open your eyes and look around on tho buildings I refer to. Look at China-sfcroot, as I heard it called, the other day in Bafihursfc. Look at the Catholic schools built out of oosno of the material referred to. Is it not tottering and crumbling just us the old church was in its day, and constantly needing tho renovator's hasd ? Look at tho old gaol that you can (as Lowry and his party did) pick the bricksout of with your pen knife. Tho avenging angel, Nomesio, once in the early days passing over Bathurst, dipped her brush in uomo terrible acid — and until those old bricks and blocks thus touched in anger wither into their component eloments, tho house will be accursed that has one particle even to a grain of the sand of thorn in its composition. So, friends, don't bid too rashly ' on tho occasion of the coming sale. Let Parkes or Abigail, or the Orangemen have the lot. Tho rotten vuins will do well enough for a mauso leum for tho Kiama Ghost — or a howling-place at midnight for the troubled shades of the fol ? lowers of Sam Gray, that are doomed to wander for a hundred years in expiation of their ains along the banks of the Styx and black Oocytus, vainly imploring Charon to carry them across. Don't, my. friends, touch anything from that villainouc .old pile, so saturated with fcoors and crime, unloso it be at tho point of tho pitchfork. :',.. The .next opot I went to see wao the great tubular bridge ovor tho Macquario. Many a time in tho olden daya I spent a pleasant afternoon on fcheoo banko. No wonder that the old associations drew mo there. At fchio spot, so .evocative of long-forgotten joyo, memory con jured np the scones' oi; tho terrible flood of raid winter, 1867, when tho 33onison Bridge broke fa twain — one half of it sailing down ciajootically on tho turbid waters to fulfil fclie prophecy utterod by Mr. Kankin on tho occasion of ifco opening in $88.57- -' It will stand until that big lumber of ,yo,urs oomeo down and carried it away.' ..The sad occurrences, briefly told, are theso : — ,On Wednesday, July 10, late in tho ovening, after ,fche mail baga and passengers had boon trans ferred from tho Kolso side of the Macquario, a .groat many people woro waiting to bo ferried aproaa. Tho miaerablo little oanoo, which, in tho .first instance, had been put together for tho oolo ^..purpose of carrying a ropo to tho other sido, v/aa , .unable 6o float with its freight of eight paBsengero, , and, having reached tho spot whore tho current rwas strongest, orvnk beneath tho watoro. Then commenced tho struggle for lifo and death. There ;. wore hundreds of pooplo on either bank of bho .river, but ifc wao utterly out of their poworto render , any assistance. By clinging to tho boat, or by i holding fast to tho ropo which had been thrown , across from bunk to bank, or by swimming, tho ^passengers, with tho exception of two, got safo *, to. land ; and, in ovary instance, much exhausted. . One young lady, a Miss Potter, had a wondorf ul ,.e8capo,.for oho vaa carried down the current, .; .and would inevitably have been drownod hud aho 'y not accidentally come in oontact with c ropo lower ..down the river. Sha caught hold o£ it, and hold ,. it fast until she was rescued. Your readers can , imagine fcho strength of fcho current whoa they ...are' told that tho young lady'o jr.w weo , dialooatod, ao that v/aa the pai^ fchafc ocmo I jn pontacfc with tho ropo,* However, ho?; Jifa was saved. Tho two persona drowned were Mr. ' Oaplesand Mrs. Orofts. Tho latter had gone to Kelso to see her parents ; and, on her return, 'begged to be taken over quickly ao oho had left her little baby in Bathurot. Mv. Caplso, who had boon a Qovovnincnfc contractor, waa engaged with his rnon in transferring, from tho eaofc to the west bank, tho debris oi tho Donioon Bridge that was Lo be uood in the erection o£ tho temporary bridge. Contrary io hio uoual cuotom, he, on this occaoion, camo ccrooo firut, leaving hio men after him. Ihe poov follow heard thai; one of his men on fchio side v;o.c quarrelsome, and ho ventured acroco for tho puvpoco of preventing a quarrel. One o£ tho porcono on tho ohoro ro- marked that tho boat wao overladen, and asked, ' Can you awim Caploo ?' ' Yea,' replied tho poox* follow, 'liko a ctono ;' Mid jnofc no tho words word epoken tho boat oanlr. I ccarcely romember one do univeroally lamented ao' ho wao, for hio buoinoos brought him into contact with most peoplo, and everyono bed a good word for him. May the Lord have morcy on hio coul. Having gono over all theoo placeo, I found rjy oolf beside the old Catholic cemetery. Bo iu. I went. It is clone to the i-uilway goodo ohed a couple of hundred yards away. What ocd recol lections oame up before the mental retina when I gazed around. I hnd been noarly 19 yearo a rooi dont in Bathuvofc and few Ostholico wore buried in that comotory, ia that time, t?hooo funeralo I did not attend. Thus it came to paoo that I wao dooply intereG ted and ooftened into a piouD moditative fit when roemory evoked the loofeo, the v/ordo, fcho gea fcureo of the many sterling friends that lay be neatli the tombotoneD ell around. This once venerable opot iG now olooed up. Mocfc of tho remains are being- removed to tho now burial grounds on tho Orange Eoad. Ib would bo well if all were removed. When I saw the air of dese cration that floated round fchia once hallowed spot I forthwith had my children's remaina transferred. ~$o doubt many who read thio will do tho oame. I hope they will. Of tho many who have gono to their long root in that old place fow will bo hotter known — ashia name iioato down the stream o£ time — than the gifted Daniel Henry Deniehy. Poor Dsniehy ! oan I ever forget the first night I oaw you, or the last day either ? The Urnfc evont happened in 1858, the oecond on October 22, 1865, when I parted with you, one Sunday afternoon, outside Mi1. St3phsns'u 'Alma House,' juot fivo minutes beforo yon dropped dead in Black'o Lane.. Tho gifted orator, poet, ocholar, linguiot, critic,, and debater oame in 1850 to Bathurot fco oontofit tho Baofc Maoquarie election. He wao oppoood by all parfeieo who were in favour of the continuance . o£ Sfcats aid bo religion. The Oatholico, Protoo tanto, Proabyfeoriano, end a good few of tho Wesleyano, at daggorc drawn on ovory other topic, were unanimouo — or noarly oo — in con serving the principle of State aid. Indeed, ao brotherly was their lovo on this one point; that the Eev. Mr. Piddington, a Dicoonting minister of the day in Bathurefc, made a grand Sifc by point ing, at a public mooting hold in the old court house, at five heads of the variouo churches benefited, united there together to prop up tho falling edifice, and Gaying, ' Look ! Mr. Chairman and gentlemen3 look at tho unholy alliance.' Thio random shaft went deeply home ; but it was Doniohy that gave the death blow. It happened thus. Ho camo to contest the election. Ho had no apparent chanco owing to hin pronounced opinions on the State aid question. Ho had a good many friendo amongei all the isms, but they all advised him to give it up as a bad job. ' ITo,' oaid Deniohy, ' I came hero to contest the election, and that I will do. I will deliver a lecture the night after nest (the eve of the nomination) end put the pros and cons before the people. ' So he did. Hundreds, myself amongst the number, went to that lecture. The theatre wao crowded thick ao oardineo in a tin caoe. We went, like Balaam, to curse ; but like that detonating old jockey, wo uttered benedictions instead of maledictions. Deniehy, by his matchless skill, completely out flanked uo, and we metaphorically took to our heels, convinced — yes — tell it not in Gath or in Ascalon — convinced ao cure as gun was made of iron that the State aid question wao as rotten ao anything that ever was known in the ancient State of Denmark. We woro floored — and the ' unholy alliance' was blov/n ao high aa the man of tho moon. When we wont to that oelobrated meeting (moot of uo never having seen Mr. Deniohy) we oxpectod to ace a man with a fine flgure, expansive choot, eagle eye, commanding Mature, and all that sort of thing — in fact an O'Connell in stature ao well ao eloquence. What wao ouv joy and disappointment at the oamo time to see a small diminutive Sgura pop out upon the Btage — joy, because a little larrikin-looking fellow like that could not in jura our venerable ' State aid ' ; disappointment, because ho blew our notions about thio queotion aa high ao the sky. Ho wao not an Adonio in face or figure, but all the de ficiency in that way was amply compensated fox by the cultured mind within fcho ungainly-looking, fragile body. Mr. Deniehy, on thio occaoion, wont to the root of tho tree and exposed every flaw from the root upwards. He oho wed how, undor the ' Church and School Corporation' established in 1826 by Royal charter , a seventh oi; tho whole .territory (at that time Yictoria, South Auotralia, Western Australia, and Tasmania wero component jparts of Kow South Wales) was given over to tho edu cation of tho youth EXCLUSIVELY ON THE PEIN OirLES 03? THE OHTTECII OP ENGLAND. Hero wao — to say tho least — a big bit for tho Protoat anto. Did. they.- gulp it ? Oh yoc — -indeed they did. Tho capaoiouo jaw of that voraciouo shark was always wide open. Juot think of a dozen Church of England miniotoro, ' fcho Oorpora fcion,''cpending or pretonding to opond £20,000 a year undor the protenco of educating pooplo having no existence — giving roligiouo snotruc tiono fco mythical beingo. Whore did all tho money go? ' Ignorance io tho mofches.1 of devotion,' oaid thopo wily educators, and thio (ioofcnno fchoy carried out tQ fcbe letter, This iniquitous corporation, having ' no body to be kicked or soul to be damned,' was Bnuffed out ao you'd onufT a candle, by the great otatesman, Sir Hicham Bourko, who substi tuted hio celebrated Church and Schoolo Act, giving equality to all denominations. Kg concluded by quoting tho clergymen's calo.ry fill over the colony, and showing that £22,000 out of tho ;S29,000 wont to tho county of Cumberland alone, whilst tho bush dictricta, for which it y.t.o especially voted, .got little or nothing. Mr. jDenichy ,ia an exhaustive lecture ncii'o went on fco the very objocfcionable practices ok fcho early dnyo, when it v/ao thought a good thing to mako thoao minictoro megiotrateo of the torrifcory. He quoted many oaooo,, whore it wao not for tho bonoilt of reli gion to have ouch appointmento, and concluded by inotunoing a caoo in point in tho Bathurnt district, v/here tho minister, not content with tho ' fleece' took the ' hide ' aloo — that io to oay he v/ao instrumental in getting fcho poor fellow fifty laohoG. ' Lord have moroy on mo, Christ have mercy on rae,' oaid tho poor creature, when the laoh wao descending on hio beck, ' for hio reverence hoc riono.' The discontinuance of State aid wao mooted flrot in tho Legislative Council in 1854\. In 1858 the oupplementRry gmnb of £14,000 for the support of public worohip wao otruck out of the eotimateo. Thio waa the begin ning of the end. In 1863, July 21, State aid wao totally abolished ; and as I oaid ok the old Hospital, Grod bo with it, for we aro doing famously without it. Tho powerful appeal he made on the occasion, and an equally telling one next day at the hust ings, left him at tho top of the poll. He repre sented East Macquarie in Parliament for a couple of years, when ho resigned hits seat after the pansing of the Electoral Act. Se was a perfect master of modern languages, and io said fco have been able fco converoo readily in French, German, Italian, besides having a large knowledge or all the other Continental langnageo of Europe. Ho wao born in Kent-street, Sydney, in 1828, and wao about 37 yearo of ago at the time of hio death. An esce.llenfc charitable lady in York-streot, who oupported Mr. Deniehy'o aged mother, to the day of her death in February last, told me that she had reason to believe that his remains had been removed from Bathurat fco Sydney by hio mother. ( This lady — Mro. Beatfcie — her brother — Mr. Thomao Delaney — and the Hon W. B. Dalley, and Mr. Thomas Butler of the Fkee M&n;'s Jottewal woro the — funeral. Bo much for broad eaten and forgotten by those who were intellectually fed by poor Deniehy.) ' Hav ing made every possible inquiry the other day in Bathursfc, I found that Mr. Deniehy'o mother did go fco Bafchurofc for that pur pooe, armod with authority from the Railway Department to facilitate her piouo maternal mis oion in every way possible. She otayed a few dayo at the lats Mr. Denio G-aynor'o hotel, but re turned to Sydnoy without accomplishing her ob ject. All that was mortal of that gifted person lira in tho old Catholic Cemetery, and if any of hio admirers wish to have them removed and a monument or headefcone put up fco mark the spot, they had batter oefc about the work at once, for from the presenfc dilapidated appearance of the ground the chances aro that no trace will be left very soon of his grave. The above digression from the chronological order is mainly due to my unexpected visit fco Bathurot laofc Wednesday. I hope the fates will be more propitious during the next couple of weeks. If Atropos does not cut fche thread which Clotho cpun out while Laehesis held fche distaff — in other words, if life io prolonged — I will come to speak of Dean Grant and hio works next weolr. {To be Continued.) 