flD(0ceUaneou0, lUchard Wagner* SOME flushes of Biohard Wagnor'a quaint dry humor RIO porcoptiblo in or.o of hiB own akotchoa of his boyish fanoioa, tastes, nud ambitions, " When I was nine yoava old," bo writes," nothing p'.oaaed mo so woll aa ' Frnisohuota.' I often saw Weber pass our liouao ns ho came from rehearsal; I ever contemplated him with saored a wo, My tutor, whoso regular function it was to oxplain Cornelius Nepos to mo, was obliged at last to consent to give mo pianoforto lessons. Aa soon as I bad mastered a few finger oxereisos, I set to work seoretly-and at first without tho notes-to learn tno 1 Froisohuotz1 over ture. One day my tutor happened to hear mo practising, and obsorved that 'I should never do any good.' Ho was quito right; all my life long I have novor boen ablo to loam to play tho piano. However, I went on play ing for my own sole pleasure-nothing but overtures, and with the vilest fingering I imaginable. .... My musioal ooou patlons wore, of coursOj fiocondavy matters; the olrief ones woro Greek; 'Lntiri, Mythology, and Ancient History. I wrote poems, tod. Onoo a sohoolfellow dlotl,ftnd wo boys wero instructed by our master $6" writii',' eaOn of us, a set of versos upon tho death; tho best of all, he said, should bo printed. Mine it was that obtained the honors of type, but not until I had pruned it of many exorescenoes. At that time I was eleven years old. Nothing would do, naturally, but I must booomo a poet. I thorefore sketched out an enormous tragedy, made UP of about equal parts of 'Hamlet ' and ' King tear.' The plot was really most tremendous. Forty-two human beings per ished in tho course of tho pieoo, and I found myself compelled, in order to render a per formanoe foasiblo, to bring moat of my characters ' on' again as ghosts, as othorwise I should have boon short of dramatis persona for my last two aots. I was busy with this play for two whole yoars. At school (Leipzig) I became idle and knavish, The only thing I caved for was my groat tragedy. Bothoven's musio to ' Egmont' stirred mo so powerfully just then that I rosolved not to bring out my play upon any aooount until it should be set to 'musio of a similar character. I had per foot confidence in ray own oapaoity to write the requlsito muslo, but thought it might per haps be as well, before beginning to compose it, to enlighten myself with roapoot to a few elementary laws of thorough-bass, To this end I borrowed Logior'a 1 Method' lor a week, and studiod it eagerly, but not with auoh fruitful rosults aa I had anticipated. The difficulties of countorpoint at onoe irritated and fascinated mo: I resolved to become a musician, Meanwhilo my huge tragedy had been discovered by my family, and baa pro foundly Baddoned them by oonclusivoly prov ing that I must have thoroughly neglooted my aohoolwork on its acoount. Under these oirourastancos I held my tongue about my now vocation as a musloian: but none the loss did I furtivoly compose a sonata, a quar tctto, and an aria, Aa soon as I felt myself sufficiently matured by my solf- imposod musi cal studies, I made full confossion to ray people, with whom I had hard battles to fight: for they very naturally rogarded my musical yearning as a passing passion-all tho more so as it certainly was not bacod upon any roal preparatory study, or oven upon a certain amount ot faculty in playing upon any instru ment Just thon tho July Revo lution broko out j instantly I bocame a revo lutionist, and camo to tho conviction that a man possessed of a grain of energy cannot but bo boun.1 to oocupy himsolf exclusively with politics, Forthwith I boRan an over* turo on a political subjoot, quitted school, and ontorcd tho University-not to devote myself to tho study o£ a 1 Faculty,' for I folt myself dodioatod to a musical career, but to pick up philosophy and josthetica, I took no advan tngo whatsoovor, howovor, of this opportunity to improvo my education, but plunged into all manner of student exoeasoa, with Buoh fri volity and extravagance that I soon got Biek ot thorn. When I oarao to my aonaea again, I felt tho necessity of reoommonoing my musical studios at tho very beginning, and Hlialiing to thorn sternly, Providcnco per mitted me to light upon tho right man to in spire mo with now lovo for tho art, and rendor it intolligiblo 'to mo by fundamental instruc tion. That man was Theodor Woinlig, Under him I studied eountorpoint, and learned to know aud deeply lovo Mozart," 