OUR MELBOURNE LETTER Tuesday (PROM OUR OWN COEEESrONDBNT ) We have lived to see Sir Biyan O'Loghlen lead - the : Conservative party: with 'the' support of his "old- time foe, the Argusj and the Age, lor whom he used to •collect Government ' ads " bitterly opposing: him, - and now . they-say that ..the Conservative party want to enfold: Graham; Berry m the web of Danae. Certain it is that the A rgus now calls him Mister " quite respeotable- like," and the Daily Telegro.ph congratulates him on the sound-: ness of the freetrade views he "expressed at the Sydney Conference. -At the which: Graham smdes pensively and talks of "the party " with.remmiscences of-the fervor of old times, :and-says that when the Age. goes round on the .Government,- an event which everybody. understands- is in the near, future,- things will ;be gust properly, mixed. : .-' The: other day a deputation was introduced to the. Minister of Lands by the Premier, and- the whole of the Opposition. Mr • M'lntyre considerslie is the Opposition, one and indivisible, and T.B.y with remembrance of lus sagacious -old minutes; when he was at the Railways, remarks—; I've put him on." The r newspaper cataclysm -which has been agitating- the groups will soon be rayed. v There is not to be a new daily paper, but as I hmted before; the 1 ' Daily Muffin" will pass mto the hands of anew proprietary and - appear with a whitewaslied face. ' An excellent illustration of how :tho- •roughlya newspaper coniroversy.advertises anything -naughty is afforded by the pother anent Chloe. ~ An enterprising firm has been issuing cabinet photographs of the picture, and has already, sold six thousand copies at three shillings each, without, m the least satiatmgthe lascivious Another, ^''liaughty": controversy has taken place respecting George Darrell's drama the Naked Truth, which by the way is excellently mounted. The heroine is one of that class .of beautiful women who perform elegantly the duties of wife though tlie gentleman has omitted to buv a gold circlet, for tlie left hand third finger. She explains in the first act that she became a victim because she was young, loving, and unable to provide her spouse with a mother-in-law, and her gentleman expounds to her - how much nicer it is to be a swell than a wife living an existence of legalised misery. The gentleman m. fact while acting like a blackguard and a coward throughout, deliciously lustifies himself by pouring out moral sophisms of the Joseph Surface order with which he contents lumself, for while heaping crime on crime, and being equally unfaithful to all women, he behaves as a brute to the one lie professes to love, and the wife he has deceived into loving him. Of course everything comes right m the end, and the scoundrel atones, by a mealy speech as usual, for the evil he has wrought,, and is pardoned by the woman who is too good for lnm. But with the exception that the hero's moral character is irredeemably detestable, and that the opening scene introduces us to a villa m which some of the occupants are a trifle " gay," there is nothing in the play to make the squeamish squirm, and audiences which tolerate the supper scene m the Corsican Brothers, Oamille, Frou Frou and Formosa need not trouble themselves if the morals of Mr Darrell's creations are a trifle decolletle. The best drawn portraiture is the " working man" who invariably takes to heaving bricks at any one who fails to give him " the price of a pint," but the drama altogether stirs the nerves with that peculiar thrill which we are wont to associate with legitimate sensation or " ghost music." Lovely George, handsome fails to do- justice .to- his peerless charms, has returned to "mash" the girls at the Royal m Henry: the Fifth,«and the follow on will be the Romany.-Rye,-ithe chief character in which is a'dog .which flatterers, say. is as handsome.and intelligent as George himself. A clever nigger troupe are doing burnt cork at St. George's Hall, and the usual assortment of starved out pros, are about to open the Princess' with Grattan Riggs. The Kennedys can't make up their minds to leave Melbourne yet, and a ball is to be given to them by the Caledonian Society, to which the admission is double ticket 33s 6d, single gentlemen 21s, married ones not admitted. The servant girl question is once more attracting attention, and suggestions of all sorts are offered in the public prints. One writer asserts that the maternal parent of a girl he" endeavoured to engage, perfectly,astounded him by the audacity of her proposals.. Alice -was not to be asked to wash or scrub the floor, was not to be sent for beer, and was to be allowed to go home every Thursday night and alternate Sunday. In fact, from the number of conditions made, Alice's mama evidently .believed herself mistress of. the situation, and felt she . was conferring a favour-on the family her daughter was to honour by her presence. ..This, of course, is somewhat of-an exaggeration, but for all that this -servant girl question is assuming alarming" proportions, and if -things go on as they are at present, there will be no such thing, as a decent domestic help to be. got. for love or money. : Some little • time ago "the home papers announced that Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales had given her decided catronage • to a society .which discountenanced pigeon shooting as a cruel -pastime: I now learn that a similar society is to be initiated m Melbourne with a similar object.; In England -I also notice •that • a: very. $ood>-substitute 'for -the live bird has been found m clay pigeons, which are: sprung from :a trap m the most m- genious maniier. r .After all, as I take it, the real -contest is as to-.the skill, m hitting a, certain object, and not in the absolute killing of a poor pigeon, so that the clay should provide quite as -good sport and .exercise;v .-: ., : • :.- - . Our frozen meat trade is likely to be somewhat affected by the views of a wntei to the London Standard, who has been sent as a. special corres pondent to Madagascar. - ; He says that • 7501b bullocks can be purchased as .low as from 3 to d dollars each, 'and that the cattle are of the best breeds, and carry the. hump which is such a favourite disli with, gourmets. ' Tho carcases can be placed, on .board m • thorough preparation for • £4. It must bo remembered too that Madagascar is but four week's sail from England, while we are from 6 to 7: It will; thus be seen that we are likely to have a formidable rival in our meat trade; for we: cannot but suppose that European capi talists will be ready to seize suck a favour-, able investment for their capital. Wo have not heard the last of the Petty insolvency case by any means, for I am assured on good authority that the Law, Department has commenced a strict investigation into the whole of the circum stances, and unless certain matters are satisfactorily explained it is more than probable that one ot the parties who holds a J P -ship will be asked to explain why. he should not be removed from the roll.- I am glad to see that so good an au tho'nty -on oraal matter a Mr Panton, P M , ha from his place on -the bench expressed him elf very warmly at the way in which people are allowed opportututie : to commit hnancial crimes "You were;-, sir," remarked his wor hip, addres mgthe pro ecutor, " neglecting your duly grossly while you showed your elf to lack aii" interest r, the way in which your business' was carr ed on ' In athletic ^circles -there is considerable discussion 4s to the esult of the Intercolonial-glove -oorilee't in Sydney on the": 26th nst, for a £500 trophy, between! Professor Miller, of "V ctoi a, Lauf Foley, of'Sydney ^ a tc^p however, there is more m the spirit Sis ] la\ d ai d tuc u «.i in imic-tc 1 111 .he match from, a national point of view v than m tlie*coj$est itself ^Yery Yeryjnauy, , I d»ie swear,, care not. one jot as a personal matter whether Miller pounds Foley ot; " wicy werey " But there is a spice of intercolonial, rivalry: 111 the matter that '• makes it - palatable' even to our "grave and reverend, seigniors," who would nomore be seen at an affair of the kmd -than tliey- would - at a " main of -cocks" or'- a skittle match for a-tnpe supper. Tt has to be recollected too that- we are Essentially a British community,- and-for such a one an -exhibition of the manly art of selfdefence has ; always had ^attractions. For my part i amsutticiently=born of the soil ,to hope Victoria will win on this occasion as in other Intercolonial athletic contests- One begins to- wonder when these Hawthorn Arbitration Board cases will end, or whether they are, like Macbeth's vision of spectres; to stretch, out." till the crack of doom. Day after, day.the-board sits and gives its decision, and still they come. I should imagine that if the legal and medical professions only worshipped after the style of their ancient brethren they would create some deity under' the style of the " Great Railway Accident Moloch," and would decorate his temple and altars with heavily marked briefs and bills. A funny, thmg took place previous to that dinner to Mr Traffic-manager Anderson. The arrangements were left to the secretary, whose society experiences entitled him to act as M. C., who carefully despatched invitation cards to everyone— except the guest of.the evening. On the fatal mght he happened to collide with his traffic manager, who was mousing roundeti dishabille.—" What, Anderson! what's this, why in the name of Jupiter aren't you dressed-?" enquired the W.fl.— ised. for wtuw mtenec,,-1! tii,> burley,'7 1 !"V;., -witii « iisain that vas childish .'-•):<.; biaau. lag u«ie e)ieral»i« orbs.—''M'viiv,- for the atones. eause I'm >-»>x asked. • s-a^a t.ne geiit'o TM"—"w ii? in , ' replied the .wv.m secretarv." rli tafce it upon myseK lonree vea tmt tirae." Every now ami then our cite ••oiaiiil has a moral spasm with respect to the coffee stalls. Some four or five years ago an attempt was made to shut them up during certain hours of the night, but this evoked such a storm of indignation that the council "went back on their " Now another effort is to be made to bring the stalls under the iron heel of authority. But this too is found to fail. The clasB who find the hot saveloy, the smoking coffee, and the buttered roll, most grateful m the early morning, are those who have more direct influence than any other. Meanwhile our worthy mayor is to pay a round of visits, and if the nights are cold on these occasions, I feel sure he will "remainto pray." The agreement come to between the colonies of Victoria and New South Wales as to the prohibition against importing foreign bred dogs is causing some sensation among,our coursing men. Many of these have already bought dogs at home and are anxious to know how these will be affected on their arrival. In these circumstances it would be as well- if Mr Berry caused the fullest information on the subject to be published at once. An old system of extortion has beea revived of late. A parcel of ruffianly idle fellows have taken to infesting our parks and public gardens. Their mode of procedure is for two of them (they are. too cowardly to hunt singly) to cautiously creep behind any couple who may be seated, and suddenly pouncing on the man, .accuse the couple of immoral conduct. In more than one instance the ruffians have succeeded m getting large sums from persons who would rather submit to anything than be bo accused. The Chief Commissioner of Police has, however, given instructions that a body of plain clothes constables are to watch carefully for these gentry, and the result is that Mr Call sent one hulking cowardly rascal to prison for three months, at the same time administering a rebuke that seemed to pierce the 'hippopotamus hide of offender.- the 