YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION. TO THE EDITOR. Em—Re Young Men's Association, of which ."Tomahawk" sensibly enforces in your late issuer deserves attention. Some time back undersigned followed up by letter, in your paper, one of your own previous admonitory fore-seeing articles. Tomahawk thinks the iron is hot ; perhaps in some cases more malleable now, through grace (purified by fire) but in others, a different heat seems to glow— splutterings of a bombastic nature appears mixed with profanity, tending t« self-" righteousness, to self-delusion. ^To trifle with the Holy Ghost is not appreciated by truQ christians, and to undeceive some of the so-called new converts will be difficult. Fiery, energetic, selfrightjfcousis hard to eradicate. Judicious, patient and truthful treatment may restore some of those who have mistake animal excitement, (induced by anima magnetism) for the •regenerating' influence of the Holy Ghost. It is therefore highly essential, that some society be started to keep in pace with one now before us— here, as elsewhere. That the Salvation Army has done some good can scarcely be denied. Neither is it right altogether to ondemn the leaders of the Army for all the ecceutricitiss of its various followers. In every sect, or religious party, error an be detected in some of the members. Nevertheless no parent would desire son, or daughter, to be taught a lot of rubbish irrelative to the scriptures. If man roused man, who are the teachers 1 A new born babe can teach the cry and no more ; therefore the advanced christians, such as are qualified, should step forward and lead their weaker brethren— Captains included. How reconcile the following statement made by several of the experience speakers in Moonta, with the word of God, is a puzzler, these were the words :—" Thank God, that I am aved, hat, coat, boots and all ! If this _a not profanity, what is ? Is it not horrible to listen to such polluted language. The Holy, precious gift of God in our Saviour, whose blood trickled and oozed from His head to His feet moat excruciatingly .for the salvation of man— and this to be turned into public ridicule?! The Holy blood of Christ our Lord, spilt to save wearing apparel ! And this was allowed to go on day after day unchecked, by the Leaders "of the Salvation Army meetings iu the Moonta Institute. Mothers beware, fathers take care of your children 1 Such vile inculcations are not j asily divested ! Religion is a noble, glorious accompaniment to life 1 but sham, is a delusiuii, fed by the animal flame of excitement. Tho sooner a young men's association is commenced-, the| better, when all doubtful questions might be discussed by open debate, the variousi ministers of the gospel to be allowed full privilege to speak at any such meetings. The late interdict of Captain Bo line 1L, re football and cricket might then, be settled. Our Creator has not signified, that it was a sin, uuless it was by a late telegram. Perhaps some think that they carry about with them the key of Heaven iu their waistcoat pocket, aad no oue shall enter, but whom they appreciate. First fiddles they imagiue themselves, but the air played sounds oft lifee Fiddle-faddle. At first they appeared so emus, now serio-comic. Excitement alone will not- Ust, A spiritual germ requires nourishment ; having got a taste f the Kingdom of Heaven, more knowledge with charity is necessary. Clamorous noise (like intoxicated revellers) is not religion, and animal magnetism is not the power of God in a spiritual sense. The aforegoing is a sort of taenia no particular sound reason can be adduced for making the noise. Now for a sketch of a young. men's Mutual Improvement Association, where cferyt*iing conducive to healthful ^igor of the body introduced (as far as practicable) the upbuilding of the mind to be especially dealt with, sound knowledge alone, indicated, based on natural and spiritual laws. Classes far any general knowledge, such as bookkeeping, arithmetic, laud measurement, &c.;, could be attached. Young men who desira to give readings, recitations, songs (approved by a committee) and dialogues could do so, by enteriug their irunes on a list a fortnight beforehand. Addresses, debates, lectures invited and impromtu speeches, criticisms allowed pro and con on all items. Doors open to all, except on special occasions. Ministers of the gospel, and professional men to be allowed to take part iii any discussion, or read a paper on any subject tending to knowledge temporally or spiritually. Doctors of the body might help the physician of the soul. Once per month a social to take place, each member receiving two tickets, whereby two lady friends could be introduced. Parlor games, music, chess, draughts and other proper amusements, (considered by the committee) of recreative social tendency adopted. Refreshments to be gratutiously provided and handed round by the young men to the ladies. Voluntary contributions to pay all expenses, excepting- a slight charge, which each member would be entitled to pay monthly for hall, lights and printing. All meetings to open and close with a few words of prayer. The aim of such an association would be, the making pf a sound rational man, who could give a truthful reason for everything bodily or spiritually, and profess no more than what he knew. SCRUTATOR. A correspondent informs us of a marvellous escape from a horrible death which occurred on Wednesday morning. It will be remembered that on tlie morning in question a very heavy thunderstorm was experienced^ At halfpast 6, o'clock Mr. Charles Beaumont, of Halifax-street, got up aud was looking at his watch, when a flash of lightning almost blinded him, and the next thing he was aware of was-that his beard was on fire. He quickly made & dash with his hands at the flames and extinguished them without more injury than the loss of about two inches of beard. The escape scarcely seems credible, but our informant vouches for the correctness of this statement. " Advertiser " The effects of the continuous rain on the appearance of the Ton ens vLake are worthy of notice. The water has reached a height never equalled since the weir was constructed, and over the dam a vast volume of water is now flowing, the waterfall making a very striking spectacle. All the boat platforms are covered with water, and near the Adelaide bridge the watermen's boats are right up the bank. The lake is full of floating weeds and debris washed down by the heavy floods. It is to be hoped that the flood will not have the effect of carrying over the weir many of the fish, to capture which anglers are . now so impatiently wating. "Advertiser" 