We. may now fairly congratulate our soivfis on the _ prospects of a good har.yjestv .. The.red. Mst ^scare .njay be | cons Leered, oyer,'-excap> Ju ,.fl»£'Very ate districts. Aire f new jfttt^t Ly we * delivei orth,f j een, itf isfg stgfed^ er acre. The appeac rops iu many places ajauch heavier yieldj and as the hum f the stripper will soon beepme shortly. It will be an immense relief to m of our agricultural friends to once more find the reapers coming 1 in well filled, and to feel that they have a return for their year's labor. Unfortunately the market is likely to open very low, and from the present outlook the prices are not - likely £0 rule very high all through the year, although it would be risky to speculate as to what will be the wheat value in March next, as many lariners]and wheat buyers, will remember years, when the market opened at a very low figure and rose continuously until a good paying price was reached, and this in spite of che prognostications of the wise acres. It is not safe to accept the present time of the year, as indicative of what next season's price will be ; as the buyers always like to make the market as dull as possible just before the new crop comes in. When, however, competition begins, the va lue frequently increases. The farmers around Moonta will be pleased to know that there is another buyer in the field this year. Mr. Shorney of the firm of John Dunn& Co. having recently arranged for an ag'ency. If it were not for the liabilities of the past, A r e should feel safe in anticipating a good prosperous year, for 1884. There is however a very Strang feeling amongst business men, that the coming year will be one of severe pressure between creditors and debtors, and that many who have waited patiently during the past year or two, will expect payment in full this year. Two gentlemen of business experience, conversing in our office during the last week anticipated more estates wo jld be wound up during the coining year, that in the past one, because, as there will be ing to get, every one will be how much he can get. Creditors will act against their own interest if this course is pursued, as it is not at all probable that one good season will enable the farmers to recover the lost grounds of several years of failure* One thing is iu our favor, money will probably be cheaper, and consequently financiararrangements will be the more easily made. simply, somer trying It is however evident that the storekeepers, merchants, bankers, etc., will have to exercise'a wise discretion, in recovering back debts, or the good year will prove to m?nv to be a snare and a delusion. If creditors generally will be content to take what the farmers can really spare and- enable them to carry on now we have a change of seasons it i^ possible that another good year ma^ follow this one, and many a imt'd working "son of the soil" may recover his lost position, and pay his creditors in full. A few weeks ago it was announced, tliafc,, the Education Bill, and' the Main Roads Bill were-doomed foa falaissession and "„they wera certainly, included amongst the " slaughtered hanocents. Last week however, Mi-.. Buck naif awoke from his long- sileace, audi iercely attacked the Government, for llowing the Iktter of these measures o be shelved. The Chief Secretary roved amenable to reason and stated that as the session was.bo be prolonged the Road Bill would be- reintroduced, nd thbre vans a reasonable probability f its being; passed. i£ hon members would agree not to scramble fo» their own pet lines, balk, would pa&s.; such lines as had been leaammended by the different Local Road. Boards. We see in this t&e; wily cHttaing of Mtoi Bra^,, thus thsrowing tha, ipesponaibiliifey of the- Bill's passing otb. the Members «f tjh& House^ knowing; aa he does, full well, that it is not roads that?, have been recGimmended tshat hop, mecabers af^ nxious aboioiv But that in therfaca o£ the general election t*jey , wbuld;'i 1 li£e to refer ta the roads th^v had jgot put on, in spite of the : |Road Boards, Will the. members .abstain 'faw.ai.-Vlog rolling andsctfamHl^g? " If^so; they may get:'.jaany, nsie^iV .line^, ,on., ajjd thus relieve the Bill 'from an entire faUurej whilstJf tliey insist on overloading the measure it will most certainly be thrown out. We sincerely hope that the r£commendationb of the different Local Boards will be carried as there are many roads in this district which have been so recommended and which should go on the schedule at once. Notably that from Moonta to to Wells Creek, and also one from £adisa to Tickera. : During the summer these roads are in fairly good condition, but in the winter, are almost impossaible. It would be a great mistake to lose the opportunity of getting these roads scheduled, because there are a number not recommended. In many cases where the residents for roads to be placed on the it would be far better for them to ask schedule, form themselves in a district council and attend to them, themselves. Messrs. Moody, Furner and Co wish us to call attention to the withdrawl of Mrs. Wellington's land, it having beeu sold privately. ACCIDENT AT WAI-LAUOO .—On Monday night &t; a late hour a seaman named Edward Hay ward, of the brig "Jane Woodburn" now unloading at the new jetty, met with a very severe accident. From what we can gather, it appears that Hayward was going on board and when crossing over the gangway his foot slipped and he fell violently on the deck, the fall causing a fracture of the leg he also received a nasty wound on the scalp. He was admitted into the hospital soon after the accident occurred, where the broken leg was set. He is now getting on as well as can be expected. ADVICE GRATIS. — The "Gawler Standard" in acknowledging the receipt of the "Herald" "Suggests that the proprietors of hotli the Moonta journals should engage a printer to get their papers out." We admit our Gawler Contemporary has, judging by the past, had good ground for this advice, and doubtless he will be pleased to learn that in our case we have anticipated the sound advice given, and haue been fxceedingly pleased at the many kind things said and written to us during the past week. The late proprietor writes "Paper looks much better." Another press friend writes "The paper is a very decided improvement." and we are hoping this issue will confirm these opinions. WEICHBKIDGE.—For years the only weighbridge in our district has been at the Mines but we are pleased to note that farmers, woodcarters, and others will now be able to weigh their loads in the town, the Adelaide Milling Company having erected at considerable cost one of Hawke's prize Weighbridges.—We are glad to find the company encourage our colonial makers ; The weighbridge will be opened on Monday next November, 26. And we hope the company may receive every encouragement for this enterprise. The wheat and flour business has been removed to the mill, wfcere the agent is open to purchase wheat in any quantity at highest market rates. It is expected the mill p. ill be ready to commence grindmg early in January. At present the stocks are supplied from the company's mills at Wallaroo. Mr Stirling submitted a motion iu the House last week for a nice litLlu Parliamentary party to examine the rival routes to Wiilunga. The hon member believes llie trip would be a saving (o the country, and ifc would also afford a pleasant holiday to both Houses. Just so Mr S—a pleasant holiday at the expense of the State, the route to Im afterwards discovered by the dead marines in the shape of empty brandy and champagne bottles. These outings are very nicc holidays, but we should ^suggest to Mr. Bray that nothing stronger than Adruore's aerated waters should be used, when we imagine the plrasant aspect oi the question would soon be forgotten, and certain members would find suitable apologies to excuse tehir absence. Payment of members direct won't wash, but any amount of indirect payment and remuneration can be voted by hon members to themselves in the phape of pleasant hoildays with all necessary refreshments. STRANGWAY'S GHOST.—Our local contemporary, the " Peninsula Herald," is not content to jog along peaceably, as do our other brethren of the press, but feels it necessary to have a fling at us, and in doing so uses the old worn out joke of Mr. Strangways. We are not conscious of ^deserving our contemporary's flippant notice, for we were careful to afford no cause of offence or quarrel. The usual courtesy of sending a press copy of the " Herald " was in our case omitted, so we paid our penny for a sight of the new production. We are glad our contemporary can poke fun, and also to learn that he can stand poking, for it is a game at which two can play. We are fond of a joke, but we like it. As we do our fish and fruit—fresh. Stale jokes,like stale fish are an abomination. Many of our readers will remember when Mr. Strangways retorted on the "Register" some fourteen or fifteen years ago by styling it the "Granny of Grenfell Street" and its advice "Grandmotherly." Mr. Strangways had the grace and good taste to wait until he was attacked. His ghost, repeats his joke without his provocation, but as he is careful to tell us he is young he may be excused. His first issue has a fling at the Adelaide dailies, and informs his readers he will crib from other people's gardens instead of cultivating one for himself. In hia next he reproduces an old and worn out joke without acknowledging it. Considering this in connection with his grammatical slips we are not surprised to hear that he is young and cheeky, and does not hesitate in attempting to teach his "grandmother how to suck eggs." Many a youngster has failed in that interesting experiment, and our juvenile friend may yet find that there is truth in what the old King of Israel said-—" Let not him that girdeth on his harness boast himself as he that putteth it off." Seriously we would advise our friend to observe three simple rules which will contribute to his success. Firstly, don't attack a contemporary who lets you alone. Secondly, don't be afraid to take your coat off when you are at work. Thirdly, beware of PIE. We have got enough in this office to do both for the next twelve months. 