THE GARDEN AND THE FIELD. (BY AGBIGOLa.) PLANT GROWING UNDER SHADE It is generally admitted that the cultivation of many plants under shade can be done very advantageously, bat as yet no special efforts are made to increase such facilties. The advantages to be derived from shade for plant growth are two-fold, creating artificial cool ness in the soil for the roots, and reducing evaporation to a mi''''m To obtain both these advantages the shade created for the purpose must be dead. A living shade 01 any kind ib a serious and fatal tniafoir' In the first place any living plant climbing over supportE, or a tree which supports itself, is already occupying all the boQ within a certain radius with itB roots, and these are ever actively sucking up all the moisture and nourishment to be had bo that any small plants within that radius are necessarily starved. Nor is this the only evil they suffer frum. Foliage of any kind when vigorous, destroys the light passing through it by filtration, thereby absorbing the bulk of its vitalising particles and only allowing the waste rays to teach the plants below. This is quite as serious a matter as the deprivation of necessary moisture and the two losses are irretrievble and cannot in any way be compensated for by artificial means. It may be thought that watering wOl do it to some extent, bnt it is not so. Water supplied at a dry time is immediately taken up by the thousand and one rootlets of the larger plant and the small things are unconsciously starved. This strong caution is very necessary if those seeking to become successful cultivators under shade are to have a ghost of a chance. Dead shade then is the only proper thing. It may be provided after tbe manner of a hatb house, as recommended in a previous article, or in any otiier way that ingenuity may suggest. A. very simple method which has latterly come under my notice is much as follows. Sticks about 1J in diameter and 6ft. lone are driven into the ground about 18 inches, allowing then to hang over tbe bed requiring shade. These should be from 3 to 4 feet apart and to finish it leafy boughs are twined in out from bottom to top. To make all this effectual this wicker work must run from east to west, and when allowed to hang over the bed the rays of s vertical tun are broken. Such «^«^?'g will be found very aervicablo for the bed of rhubarb, for the early ?owing of Bowers, seeds, for the growing of salads, and for providing the existence of the popular Sowers which belong to a cooler Snne, such, as pannes, daisies, violet*, asters, stocks, cineraria*, calceolaria, and mKKf otters. Those who are fond of these flowers should make some such pro vision for tiieir floral pets. New Wool— The firet load of the new dip of wool was brought into Roma on Thursday fromNive Downs (says the Star of Saturday week). The carrier in James Scott, and his load consisted of nineteen bales. Now that the squatters may be said to have began their harvest, the time for opening the railway beyond Roma may be said to assume some im portance. The line may in a very short time be made available for traffic, if the authorities so will it, right up to tbe left bank of the Marsnoa at Mitchell, and it is quite time an announcement of some sort was made. By opening to the Maranoa fiiver, mails to and from Charlevflle onght to get through in two days. All the heavy traffic of tbe approach ing season should join the railway at the head of tbe line. It was announced some time Bince that t&ere; would be an opening on or about the 1st September. The extension of time allowed the contractors for the additional length of line win expire in a week or two, and as the railway U sufficiently completed to carry goods— tbe only bit not ready is the bridge at Amby crossing — it wul be im possible to delay the openingmuch longer. Feedesg Sheep : — We are much pleased to observe that in the neighbourhood of Castle Douglas, on the estate of Danevale, and on the farm of Marchfield -fa-n—i»J by Messrs. J. and J. EL Payne), a new experiment in the feeding of sheep on grass has been tried with the greatest success. The idea has been carried out in England for some time, was adopted. The field on which 126 once-dipt sheep are pastured extends to ten acres, and across it are placed 100 iron hurdles, with vertical in place of horizontal bars. Each bar measures sir feet by three feet seven inches, and although those used at present are seven and a half inches wide, it is recommended that they should not be more than six and a half, this being quite ample space for any sheep to get at the fresh grass. The object in view is to prevent the sheep fouling their own fodder, and this is done by ghifring tbe bare about eighteen inches five or Bix times a day. To the ordinary reader this may appear to entail an immense amount of work but from practical experience it is found that one man can shift the hundred bars in fifteen minutes and if two people sne employed in less than ten minutes. Tbe flock consumed thirty-three or about a Scotch acre, of grass in fourteen days, taking the whole width of the field. The main object is to give tile sheep a fresh bite every time they feed, and as they can only put tbe length of their head and neck through the bar, the land is entirely dean before them, and they cannot trade upon the crop. Behind they can be netted off at a convenient distance, and by the time they have reached the far end of the fidd the land on which they began to feed is ready again with a second crop of grass. The iron hurdles manufactured by our townsman, Mr. James Gordon, imple ment maker — are easier to sbift and store at the end of the season than revolving or wooden hurdles. In addition to this, the bare can be used for many purposes. We have only noticed this experiment at Marchfield in respect to the feeding of sheep on grass. Nearly the same remarks apply to feeding sheep on turnips. Limit the stock in a mmtiar manner, chanse frli^iw in the same rotation, and it will be found that the vege table root will be consumed thoroughly, with out waste, and leaving the land in better con ditiou. On the farm of Marchfield the land is treated in a manner which cannot fail to produce good results. The sheep are supplied with Indian corn, locust bean meal and oats in equal quantities of one pound each daily. — B-irktdbrightsMre Advertiser. A Cecise rs the South Seas.— The following is the report of Captain Friar's, of the brig Jnlia M. Avery, an abstract of which we published some time since :— 'Sadest, May 25. 18S3. A friendly chief came to the vessel and stated that two white men were murdered on the 22nd May at Siby by tbe natives. On the 26th I manned a boat with eight of a native crew and sailed to Siby to ascertain the facts, when I found the Siby natives on the west end of Joanct's Island with three heads cut off. For tbe purpose of tracking the boat, bodies, and plunder carried to Siby I therefore, in order to ascertain wbo and what they were, decided to attack the Siby village with tbe eight boys I had, it being the only means I had of ascertaining anything positive abont them. At2a.rn.27ch, we lauded about 300 yards below the village ; then cautiously walked up behind tile bouse', picked np onr positions, and awaited nutil daylight when we surprised them ; tl.ey all ran away. Twenty-five friendly natives, who followed us in canoes pretending to assist us, turned traitors, except two, as soon as the meltc commenced. We took one prisoner, and made him find the white men's property, which consisted of boat sails, ulankers, two shirts, one pair pants, pair shoes, and pickaxe ; tile boat was an old one, I4-feet dingy, not worth bringing away so destroyed it. When the natives attacked those men they had no firearms, no tobacco, no trade, nor anything whatever to eat. but a few dry Gsh they had procured to enable them to proceed on their- voyage. Surely this is a casern which the white man was not to blame. From the material I found I presume they were escapees from New Caledonia, especially so from the manner in which their boat was fitted out ; they were not sailors, for when looking at the direction they came it is evident they were lost and had no notion as to which way they should have steered. Siby is the native name of the island near Rolnma. We — —V'—* at Siby one day mod night, but saw do more natives. The village is very large, consisting of forty-fire hones sad twenty large canoes with about one hundred inhabitant.. The houses sod canoes sn destroyed, and ?ailed on the 28th May.'— Coottomm Omricr. 