Miss Stotford's Specialty. ( Concluded.) If it had been diffioultto draw * declara tion of love from Singleton, it was yet more impossible to elicit from him-any-'expression of jealously. His attention and devotion '-remained undiminished, ■and be preserved the utmost serenity of temper under circum stances which might easily have raffled the sweetest nature. Only Agatha noticed one change, and that .was that,he talked 'less about their future than he.had done atfirst. For this she could not help being grateful to ' him. The day'for their marriage, however, was drawing near, and work on the trousseau . had begun. The night before Christmas they were alone ' together in Agatha's sitting- room. A wild north-east wind was sweeping,around the houBe and wailing through,the leafless treeB. 1 Now and then the sleet was driven up vehe-' mently against the window. "I think I never shall be warm Again," said Agatha. She was sitting in a low easy-chair, drawn close to the :fire, .her.. feet,resting on the fender, her head lying back, on a velvet cushion, her small -white hands sparkling \- with rings Clasped Dd her lap,. SheloQked the very embodiment of indolence and oom ■ fort. , .. Singleton did not make, an answer.. He was \- standing with his.arms resting on the man telpiece. " Why don't you speak ?" she asked, with . some asperity, ' "1 didn't near what you were saying," he replied. .."You never do," she rejoined, promptly, " when I hsive to-speak about any suffering of mine." " Are you suffering, dear?" he asked, look ing up. " Yes, of coursel am. - You know how thlB weather makes me feelr" The clock rs truck half-past ten—the hour when Singleton always took-his leave, i " Agatha," he said, a little nervously, " I' want to ask something of you." j "' Do you," she replied, wearily;'" well, . what is it I" . "I Want to stay with.you to-night until eleven." " Oh, not to-night,'* she said, perhaps with more protestation in her voioe than she was even aware of. "My-head aches, and I want to go to bed, and see if I can't get warm there." " Only this once, dear," he entreated. She made no reply. "Forgive me, Agatha;'I :waB a selfish, brute. You aren't too angry to say good' . night, are you J" . She could not fail to see the effort he made to hide the quiver of pain in his voioe, and, glancing up, she saw in his eyes euoh a look ' of pleading that even her not very susceptible heart was touched. " There, there,' you needn't go," Bhe said. " I spoke to you more crossly than I should have done. Half an hour' longer won't kill me ; and if you will be vexed with me I can't help it." . i "Vexed with you?" he said,, kneeling . down beside her. " How do.you think that. could ever be ?" Then he put his arms around her, and drew ■ her head on his shoulder. For the next half hour there was complete silenoe between them.' Inside, the tire flickered, and held low converse with itself; and outside, the insatiable wind wailed on. When the clock struck eleven, he arose, and Agatha arose, too. " Thank -you," he said, " for letting me stay. I.kuoTC you.won't be aorry for it, hereafter." And as he stood there, holding both her hands in his, she saw again in his eyes that strange, pleading look. "Aren't you happy,!' she asked. " YoU seem as sober as a judge." " Could a man who believed in your love be other than happy ?" At the door, he turned back, drew her close to his heart once more, and then kissed her again, long and lovingly. And then he went. I "Gone at last," she thought, with a sigti of relief, as she heard the hall- door close behind him. Then she went straight up td bed. Miss Stotford was not an early riser. Be fore meeting the outside distractions of the day, she perused the/first delivery of letter^ over morning coffee in her own room. This morning's mail brought her many seasonable cards, but, oddly enough, only one letter? She was familiar with the delicate, almost feminine handwriting—it was from Singleton. Shortly after their engagement he had beeit much addicted to the habit of-posting her a letter before going to bed, but latterly he seemed to have broken himself -of the praci tice. Indifferently at first, yet with ever increasing interest, she read; " Harley street, Dec, 24, 1 a.m. *' My Darling,—I wish this letter to be as little of a -shock to you as possible. On the 24th of May last, ^even months ago to{ day, you told me that you loved rac, That you were sincere then in thinking so, that you even try to think, so now, I do not for 4 moment doubt. Ihdeedi I believed in your love most implicitly till your return fronj Switzerland. Then a doubt of it grew into my mind. I watched you carefully, and watched my own heart carefully, too." ,<[" Now for the jealousy," thought Agatha^ Bs she settled herself more comfortably for a further perusal.] " I know something of the human heart, and I know bow a woman appears when she is really in love with a man. At length my doubts grew into an unalterable conviction that if you had ever loved me—if, indeed, you had not from the first, out of the very nobility of your nature; mistaken pity for love—the feeling, uncon sciously, perhaps, to yourself, .was dying out; Only great love on'your part could ever have v-D rendered possible the life you would have ^ led aB the wife of a man so unfortunate as I am. But I do not offer to free you" [Agatha's heart dropped a little], "for I know your extreme sensitiveness would suffer from a mistaken senBe that you had failed toward me. I know you would repudiate all I could say; for, in your noble desire to build up a ruined life; you would, for once, be capable of deoeption. But, Agatha, my love, what would it be to me to see you slowly fading before my eyes ? Yet I'am a weak man, and, if you held the cup to my thirsty lips, could they help drinking? No, I do not.offer you your freedom; J. give.it to you—my Christ mas gift. When you read this letter I shall be so far awav from you that no pain and no joy oan follow me, " Had I never known your love, I oould have had keen pleasure in your friendship ; but after knowing your love, your friendship would be an intolerable torment. Life holds nothing more for me; but my death will be painless.' I shall die happy, for I shall con jure up from the past, to. take with me out of the world, a vision of that dear May evening. Do you remember, I wonder, how I came in, and found you in the twilight ? You were lying on the sofa, and I took alow chair and sat close by you—the chair which Stood between the windows. You had a grey silk dress on, and a red lose in your hair that I thieved before I went away. 1 shall hear again the tenderness of your voioe, aB you told me that yon loved mo. I shall feel again—ah, no, I shall not feel that—my bTood thrill under your touch, under the first confident answering impre-sion of your lips. Never to feel that agaiu I—this it iB which uumanB me and m kes me weak. Last night, in that extra half hour which you granted me, my heart kept oiying out to me: ' Here is Agatha, Agatna, to «66, jKKtouoh, to kiBi —and in a few hoars she will be just as far off as the first day of creation I Oh, my -love, nevw-to-aee yon again 1" ..... " Later, "Dear, I am quite oalm now. In a very little while I shall long for nothing any more. I want yon to know bow, in these lastmo-' ments, my whole heart goes oat in. blessing to you. ;But foryou, perhaps, I should Have lived out .a long and painful life, productive of no joy.to myself or others. 1 have neither father or mother—no one to sadden by my loss. . I should never have done anything really good in art—Mr. Stotford will tell you so—iao I am Binall loss there. You gave me three months of divine happiness, and I shall now turn to the ^thought of that time as a bridegroom tarns to bis bride. Good-bye, my darling, and may some power ever bless and guide you. G.3." Many times the letter had fallen from Agatha's fingers while she read. Now she held it crushed in her hand, Did Singleton mean all he bad said? Oould thiB thing really be? Was her lover no longer in this; world, and if so, was she not, in a way, .guilty of his death } Her blood turned to ice and her teeth chattered. Then, with a sudden impulse, she rose and dressed. She half thought she. might do something. Yet what could, she do f. Only one .thing she.knew She must appear ignorant of what this letter had revealed to her. Whenahe went to the breakfast-table there was ho gainsaying. the fact that she was ill, for her face was as white as death. She tried in vain to eat. ; " No, I can't, take anything," she said, at last. "I will go to my own reom, and try to get warm there." Mrs. Stotford and Adelaide followed her, with the kindest intentions. "I hope, dear," said Mrs, Stotford, in her oheerful voice—more cheerful than usual, by virtue of the season—"I hope you made George promiBe to be with ub early to-mor row. , Poor Agatha 1 What exquisite agonieB of remorae she experienced as she remem bered that she had promised to go to church' with the Gardiners, and then to lunoh with them. " I don't think he'll oome before dinner," she answered, faintly. "I do thiqk George is an angel," said Mias Adelaide, emphatically, "to be so sweet over your friendship with the Gardin ers. , I know if I were a man I shouldn't like it." " Please, don't talk, .entreated Agatha. " I know you mean it all as kindness, but I would rather be let alone. My head la bursting.'' ■ " Well, come away, Addie," said Mrs. Stotford. "We have enough to do with putting up the holly and mistletoe. You can't trust matters like that to servants. Of course, it's not their fault that they oan't do. it artistically. Perhaps when Agatha's a little warmer she'll lie down on the sofa and get a sleep. That will be the best thing for her. She just , has a bad, feverish cold, aB anyone could see." So they left her alone, and she crouohed before the fire, shivering and shaking as with the ague. Surely, he might yet have repented of his rash resolve. Still, if he had,, would he not have sent her word T The silence was omin ous. All the time she kept asking herself how far she, Agatha, was responsible if he had done this thing. If he tnust go away, why not have gone to Australia, where he need never have seen her again ? Of course, it was not in her to understand how the thought of love won and lost can turn life into a present hell. At the sound of every footfall, she started as if a ghostly hand had been laid on her shoulder. At the postman's sharp knock her heart leaped in her, and then stood still. About four o'clock came Reginald and Maude Gardiner to see her. V We heard from Mrs. Stotford," Maude said, " that you were ill; but you look frightfully, child. What's the matter ?" "Oh, nothing much," moaned Agatha. " I shall be better soon." "This hand is cold," remarked Reginald. " Let me see if the other one is equally ill behaved." "Don't," she said, almost fiercely, draw ing her hand abruptly away. "Are you cross with me? asked Reginald, in his sweetest tone of voice. " I am ill. Don't you see I am ?" " Low spirited," observed Maude. " Precisely so," replied Reginald. " Per haps it would cheer you to hear the contents of the evening paper." Then, taking a Standard from his pocket, he began reading. "'The latest telegrams ■ from the seat of war.' Ah ! it appears to have done wonders. Actually, five hundred soldiers of the Eng lish army encountered and defeated two hun dred natives with considerable slaughter. ' Christmas in the East End.' How I do hate all this cant about the season I 'Alarm ing Fire in the City.' ' Those Cabmen again.' ' Police Reporto.' Anything there you'd like? ' A Strange Breach of Promise Case.' ' Great Wrecks off Dover.' I should think so, with such a devil of a wind as we've been having. ' The Suicide in Harley street.' " " Ah I what's that ?" asked Maude. " I'm always interested in suicides." "Morbid propensity,child,"in Reginald's tone of brotherly superiority. Agatha's heart leaped in her with an in audible cry. "We must have light on the subject," said Reginald, stirring the fire into a bright blaze. "Really, Reginald, you should not jest on such a serious subject," remonstrated Maude. " Jest ? I'm sober as a judge at a coroner's inquest. Listen: •'' Mr. John Hales, surgeon in Harley st., was summoned this morning about 10 to No. 26, where he found—'" And suddenly Reginald stopped. " Why don't you go on ?" inquired Maude. He turned the paper toward her, pointing to the paragraph. "Oh, great heaven I It can't be. Oh, Agatha, darling." And she Bung her arms around Agatha's neck. But Agatha seized the paper, which Reginald feigned to detainfrom her, flashed her eyes down the column, and saw what she knew she would see—George Singleton's name. " Hush ! Hush I" said Reginald to Maude, who with difficulty stifled her sobs. Then the three sat for a minute or two in awful silence. Then Agatha rose, stood ereot for a mo ment, as if she were about to walk out of the room, and then suddenly, with a wild cry of horror, fell forward in a deathly swoon. She would have dropped to the ground,.but Regi nald caught her in his arms. " How she did love that poor fellow I" he thought, while Maude ran in haste to find Mrs. Stotford. Of course, Agatha was at once put to bed, and the family physician was sent for. When he heard all the circumstances of the case, saw Agatha's unnaturally bright eyes, felt her quick pulse, and listeued to her wild and incoherent wanderings, he could not disguise from the family his apprehensions of brain fever. " It was a critical oase," he said ; " but if she oould get a night's sleep, the danger might be averted." Abuut the small hours, Agatha's wander ings ceased, and a heavy sleep fell upon her and saved her. It was three o'clock on Christmas Day when she awoke. The ^ells were ringing for ' afternoon service. At first she thought it must be Sunday morning and that she had lilept late. Then shebeganto wonder^t her strange feeling, as if she had beeifbrai&ed;'all over, and"tbe«enae of blended weakness and clearness in her head. Then very gradually, -yes, And. very-gantly, _too,,ahe remembered, all the events of the preceding day,"and "ac cepted them as one too weak to feel surprise! There were two great faots— Singleton was •dead.and'shewas'free. At the expiration of a week, Agatha once more appeared in'her little sitting*room. T^B frienas who saw her said "that a saintly resignation "had beautified her faoe, The truth wajsthatshe had settled with her .o wn conscience very satisfactorily, and- decided that she was in no remotest way ohargeable with Singleton's death. She had oertainly flirted no more during her engagement than many other jwomen She knew, and> it was Singleton's own fault, if he had deoeived her.by keeping from her what he really felt, and s6 prevented he* froin behaving differ ently: No—It was his town morbid sensi tiveness that had driven him to his own rash act. ''' In her heavy mourning, and with her face so pale—for she really had been ill—she looked far more interesting than of old. Only four' men were privileged to come and' Bee her, and they 'only as ministering angels. There was Wiiliam Poynter, a captivating young tenor, for musio soothed her; then, by way of gentle 'stimulant, Mr. Jno. Barker, Soet .and cfitio, came to read and explain ifficult passages in Browning. Then, as her religipus opinions had got somewhat out of order—she was the only one in that set who had any, and was inolined to make a point of them—the handsome young High-church clergyman, Mr. Augustus St. Clair, came in to overhaul the spiritual machinery. And lastly, and by right of the family friend ship, most frequently, came Reginald, to divert her by planning an Indian tour for theautuftin. But, after all, decorons flirtations in re cently assumed crape are but tame. Sighs and look's of gratitude must take the place of laughter and repartee. Agatha grew tired of long-continued endeavors not to look quite so resigned as she .felt. The tenor's music {tailed on her ; she got sleepy over " Balaus tion'e Adventureshe regained her usual tranquil satisfaction with the state of her religions views and functions. She dismissed all her ministering angels, except Reginald, with whom she felt more at ease than with the others. When the summer came, she was glad to escape from London. Seaside and hillside brought her their balm. She ooncluded that, even without a specialty, life might be a very good . thing. She returned' to town bright and beaming. I do not think that Singleton's ghost haunted her, even on the day before Christmas. The next summer, she fulfilled her natural calling by marrying. The bridegroom, how ever, was not Reginald. He'proposed, indeed, but she took three , months to con sider. JJuring that'period of probation, she met the son of a very rich picture-dealer. As was natural for a painter, Mr. Stotford' furthered this alliance ; and the young man, if not quite so handsome as Reginald, was very much richer. Like a dutiful girl, she obliged her father, as he had before obliged her. Reginald, I must confess, found very, speedy consolation. It is not the-handsome Reginalds of the world who die of broken hearts. The reputation for nobility which had been purchased by her engagement to the unfortunate Singleton never quite forsook Agatha. " Ah 1" said her romantic friends, " her life was really over when that poor young fellow died. She married just to please her father." Of course, there were not wanting unfeel ing people to make irreverent remarks; but of such persons we have nothing to say. She lived as tranquilly as such women do. If she bad no vivid joys in her days, she had "no keen pains. As time wore on, sometimes, in the dead watches of the night, or in the glare of a crowded theatre, she would sud denly be confronted with the past from which she had escaped, and meet the look of sad, beseeching eyes—eyes sad, but never re proachful. At such moments she would feel suddenly faint, and grow dizzy ; but the evil momenta passed, and, save in those rare visions, she was never disturbed by the I memory of her first engagement. —Scribtiers Monthly. 