under the sword. a xoyel IN THREE PARTS, BY elizabeth j. LYSAGHT, a1:tiioii of "a long madness," "norau's kolitunes," etc., etc. ; PART 111'. : :• ■ i CHAPTER IX. HEAVY-HEARTED. While .Tack had been passing the small hours of that dreary night, Lily Douglas, with the sick heart that seems as though it can know no comfort; and Wilfred'March has-: ieiied to Shipleighs, pursued by that black f.ue which follows many of us poor mortals. It was no case of comfort ; or condolence. 11,nv comfort si girl whose brother, a convicted murderer, is flying from the hand of the law? pev- words passed between them. In the .■il l's sad heart one thought was predominant. \- He will despise—py, loath? ane! He will never think of me but as one on whom rests ,i cloud of shame!" And so she plodded 011 in silence, only now and then sobbing, in spite of herself, as one whose very soul is sore and heavy. As for the man, 110 words oould exactly ex press what pity and sympathy ho felt for her. He was not given to wearing his heart on his sleeve. Silent, reserved,,he>might have been considered by some a man whose grave middle age had lost the first fire that his earlier days might have had. He kept very close to her side, but did not ask her to lean on his arm. • " She is sad—she is suffering," he thought, " She does not, 'cannot know how I feel for her." So, in the dreaiy, solemn night watches along the silent road, made more gloomy by the trees that stood on either side, the girl, with her sad heart, and the man who now knew that he loved her too well for his own peacei, hastened along. . i " Are you very tired? Are you very cold?" " No." She would have thanked him, but hcv voice seemed to have lost its tone. She was, in reality, stunned. - But a3 they went her fears and her sorrow shaped, themr selves into words. •' Will they take him, do you think?" "I hope not." " If they do, what then?" "Ho would be taken back—" "To prison?" . At another time Mr. March would have smiled at the question. Ho was very far from laughter as ho said, "Yes." "That will kill him'. Do you know that he is so thin—so thin and weak?" and her voice broke into a sob. This was more than her companion had bargained for. "Don't!" ho said, touching her -arm.. And then they walkod on in sad silence. They had left beliind them the narrow streets of St. Ambrose. Its lights twinkled few and fur between, then disappeared as they got nearer Shipleighs—Shipleighs, whore the poor old ladies were as yet sleeping the sloep of the just, all unconscious of the story that the waking hours would bring. Poor old ladies! They had struggled on as only women can strugglo, hiding tho shame of their name, and keeping it a secret from the girl whoso young life it would have clouded. Poor old ladies! Sleep on now, soundly as yet ye may! The time is very close, and when the sun rises all will be known. They must hear then that Yorlce Keith had fled, and that the relentless' pur suers were at hand. Tho walkers had made good speed. Men tell us that sleep never comes so heavily as when tho sleeper is to be hanged the nest day. So in like fashion heavy hearts, heavy as lead, may spur on the weary feet. It all seemed as a veritable dream of the night to Lily, perhaps hardly less so to Mr. March. The trees, in their ghostly shapes, the pale dark heavens, the white road that seemed such weary treading, all these made tho fanci ful shapes of one's nightly visions. But 0110 would waken from a dream. From this,, with its memory of shame and horror, there was no awakening. It was a reality. "Wo are almost at homo now," she said softly. Indeed, the familiar hedgos of the old garden wore looming in the distance. "Yob. f I am glad, for your sake," said he. No sign of the dawn yet in the gloomy sky. And now they came to tho garden gate, which, not having been fastened since they left it that night, swung open to tho touch. Lily stopped. " Mr. March," she said, putting out a hand so white and cold that. it might have been a ghost's, " you have beon so good tome. Will y.m—will you do what you can for him!" Ho stood by her sido, her hand in his. •' Lily" (tho second timo ho had called her thus), "whether it is wrong or right, I hardly know; but.bo sure of this, I shall do what I can for your sako." " I suppose I shan't seo him again?" " Child! child! What good can it do? If wo can do what we hope, manage to get him away—and it is hard to say if that can be done—it is best. Necessity obliges that you should forget him. Let liim bo as though he never had been, All wo can pray for now is, that ho may bo able to.escape If not " ■ Lily gave a start and a half-cry. "Don't say that! Don't say that! Do help him! Oh! Mr. March, if you only knew what he haa escaped from!" "My poor child, I can guess it. But I warn you that ho runs a desperate risk." " How shall I know of his success?" "Wo must be careful, for it is likely that this place will be watched. I cannot write, for my letters might bo seen. If those men are still lurking about wo must bo very careful. If they are off the scent, we may bo able—now mind this is only a faint idea—to get 1dm off to-morrow. I know that there will bo a special train passing through at night for Liverpool—men from tho training ship are going by it. There may be a chance that ho might get away thus. Once in Liver pool,' and on board an. outward-bound ship, lie would be safe." Ho spoke' more cheerful than he felt. In the bottom of his heart ho knew how bad the case was, and what desper ato cards Yorko Keith hold. But how could he hid this girl cast away tho littlo . hopo she had! And now came tho moment to say good-byo, tho most common-place word surely, yet how full of a beautiful tender meaning? . * „ " (rod be witli you!" This prayer was on Wilfred March's lips as ho shook hands with Lily Douglas. " You will find the door open." " Yes." She was sure of that. And then tlin.yirl Hjvjip.d. light figure molted She knew that there would be no difficulty about entering tho house; indeed, bolt and har had been withdrawn and not again fas tened. Wilfred March looked after her till only fancj' itself could make him think a bit of her dress was visible, and then turned to go home Wards. It was all strange; like a dream, like a romance. Mr. March, like many of tho cloth, was an inveterate reader of newspapers, and had come across odd, exciting bits of adventure, hair-breadth escapes, tales of flood and field, and so forth. But ho was a matter of-fact man, and tho possibility of his being one day acting in a life drama like this had simply never occurred to him. Ho felt sick fid sad at heart. He knew that the part he now took was one that might be sadly mis construed. Ho durst hardly hope that tho hipless, guilty Yorke Keith could escape from the nets that encompassed him. But over ail rose the" consciousness that what could be done he would do, for the sake of Lily Douglas, and just because ho loved her. «ot witli the young love that burns hotly but <"23 as swiftly, but with the strong passion of middle- age, that has within it all the strength a lifetime. I would soon be day. Already came into the air tho weird, strange freshness which tells you that night is nearly ended, and that a new day has begun. It was chill enough to make Mr. March shiver. He felt weary in body and mind, as though this night's work, had been too much for him. ihere was little comfort in looking forward, the prospect was not hopeful; but he faced 11 steadily, still in his heart repeating the ^spoken words, " lor her and for her Bake." ' . . The road vrna never a populous, much fro quanted one, us it was not the principal thoroughfare that led to St. Ambrose. Con sequently tliey had met but two or three people, drowsy men, lolling sleepily on Iiea vily-laden carts, and a wretched, homeless woman, who shrunk by like a shadow, melt ing away in the obscurity of the niglit. There was, to be'sure, a "niglit-patrol" of the St. Ambvoso police, but luck so far favored Mr. March that to-night tliov took the other road. But it does so happen sometimes that we are seen when we see not. It was thus in this instance. While Mr. March and Lily stood together for a few momenta softly discussing the plan that suggested itself to the churchman's mind, there was an eager and attentive listener, who, " with all his ears," as the saying is, was drinking in eacli word that Mr. March uttered. The faint light was sufficient to enable any keen eyed spectator to define the tall figure, with its clerical stamp, and the unseen watcher was a man whose eyes, as well as ears, were too well trained and too sharp to fail him at this juncture. He—the unseen—had been standing in the shade of the thick hedge, when the advancing steps told him that somebody was coming. On the qui vive, ready to catch the slightest clue, he almost hekl his breath, till Mr. March and Lily stopped to say good-bye. Then withdrawing, with tlio noiseless motion of a cat, further into the dense shade, he listened. For a moment or so lie was ata'loss, but only for a moment. He craned his liead forward that not a word might escape him, and heard quite enough to enable him to learn the truth. Ho was much too cautious to stir, or oven to draw a long breath, till Mr. March had left, the spot. Even then, with the habitual caution of one who has been trained in a prison,' and whose life has been spent in watching other men, he waited till the mea sured footsteps diod away in the distanco. Not till then did he venture from his retreat. ".Upon my wordl" he said to himself, in a tone that was full of wonder: 1' Hero's a go, Who'd have thought it? Bloss mo, if I ever saw tlio like I A parson, too! Lord, what will the world come to? Well! there's always a woman in the case, that's tlio fact—always, sweet.or sour, up or down, they have a finger in the pie. Upon my word, Mister March, if this is your littlo gamo, it's a pretty onel It's a precious good thing for me that I took to watch this placo, thinking that I'm safe to find my man in the morning. And tho girl— the sister, of course! And the reverend gentleman sweet upon her! I hate men ! Well, now, only that Mr. March has tho making—I may say the saving—of me, I could do him an ill-turn! It's an uncommon ugly thing to find such as him, and a justice of the peace, too, meddling with such a thing, upon my honor it is. But this is where it is, you see. There would bo only my word against his, if he went to deny it—and who'd believe me? Of course the girl will swear anything he likes, to save her brother, too, Poor thing! Now here's the long and tho short of it. This Mr. March was the best friend I ever had,.by a long chalk, and I should have been an idle drunkard but for him. At tho same time, I must do my duty, and catch the youngster. Now let mo think it out." He paused, took a pipe from his pocket, and, by tho aid of a match, soon lit it. His thinking, being aided by tho "weed," soon went 011 afresh. I owe Mr, March a good turn. Lhats clear. Likewise, so 'tis clear that this young chap must be taken. That's plain, too. If Mr. March (who knows where he is) thinks we're off oil a false scent, lio'll do as he said—help the prisoner—all! I wish we had him—to got away by the night-train. It would be odd if he gets up .any disguise that would blind me. I think, now that I have the ' office,' I see my way. Anyways, it's about the best I can do. There are men, and there's a wo man. in the case ; there's no trusting them. I know by myself, when I was courting my wife, I'd have gone through fire and water, and swum through thick and thin, for her." And so, having laid his plans, rather chuckling over the idea that his "pal" didn'f undortako the onerous and wearisome job of niglit-watching the house where Yorko Keith was suppose to bo hidden, tho warder of convict prison set off oil on his walk to St. Ambrose, with a much lightened heart. " And I'll get to bed and have a couple of hours snooze, and then, after a bit of break fast, I'll just step up to Mr. March—Lord! what a game it will be!—and tell him, inno cent-like, that I find we're on tho wrong track altogether, and that we're off by tho mid-day train for York! If that don't act as a decoy, call mo an ass." So ho quickened his stops, and mado the best of his way to the small inn whore his "pal" was already in bed and asleep. ' (To be continued.) 