THE STORY-TELLER. Jack paigntCn'Sopinions. (By Lindsay Duncan.) Jack.Paignton.was.an individual of very pronounced opinions; the most; strongly em phasised of which was probahly the convic tion that his own personal view~of any given subject must inevitably be the correct one. I am not 6ure. by-the-w&y;, that this modest conviction of his was sufficiently unoomroon among our circle to have rendered Jack's possession of it in any way oonspicaously remarkable; however, it is.chieflywitb him and his opinions that my story has to do. - It would take some time, toenumerate the subjects upon which, at the age of four- and thirty. Jack's mind was fully and, he con sidered, irrevocably, made up; but I mention one 'or-two. His lather having amassed a large fortune in Sonth Australia, Jack, on inheriting which, decided that it was his obvious duty to spend the money in. .'the colony. In this idea we (by "we I'mean a. select circle of bachelor friends) unani mously backed him up—in theory; practi cally, we were unfortunately unable to dp so, as. none of us had had the luck to cpme in,for the wealth of an accumulative pro genitor. Another pomt which he 'declared to: be immutably settled among his stodk of convic tions- was the undesiraoility of matrimony and the wisdom of independent celibacy. It must not. however, be supposed that because Jack was so confirmed a mise gamist he was necessarily a misogynist also. Tout ail cohtraire, be had a decided predilec tion for ladies' society; always provided (and this waB essential) that the said Indies had no pretensions to V cleverness." Jack hated a "blue-stocking" like poison,: and upon this subject he was perennially 'elo quent. "Woman" he would announce authori tatively (speaking like Jove, from the myste rious depths of an Olympian cloud, through the hazy curtain woven by the fumes of that gigantic, deep-hued meerschaum, than which, as we were wont to declare, Jack hardly more highly valued the strong hand npon his sturdy right arm). " Woman was never intended to be clever—save and except in those minor matters which are beneath the attention of the average man. Let her know how to manage her household decently—to play the " Blue Bells of Scotland" with vari tions, and make a water-colour daub of an impassable wind-mill that's enough—more than enough, for she'll soon forget now to dp the thumping and the daubing and be all the better for it. A learned woman is an abomi nation and a monstrosity. Intellectually as well as physically woman is man's inferior, and any endeavour to put herself upon his level is as repulsive and unbecoming as are the antics of a forward child in the presence of its elders. It is in the half-conscious admis sion of this fact that woman's greatest attrac tion lies. She should be graceful, pliant, yielding, mirthful, but tenderly so, with no pretensions to wit. Defend me from the woman who fancies she has a talent for sarcasm 1" And so forth ; from all of which it may be divined that our friend Jack was by no means insensible to his own dignity as a " lord of creation," and by no means averse to its flattering acknowledgment by the fair members of the softer sex. Of course, his openly-avowed dislike to "clever women' procured him a good deal of banter from his friends; who aid not scruple to tell him that it only arose from an unconfessed con sciousness of his own intellectual short comings and the dread of being snubbed by an "inferior being." But Paignton could afford to accept tins accusation with smiling tranquillity, seeing that his abilities were really fair enough, as had keen proven in a College career (which had, nevertheless, in cluded a tolerable amount of rowing, rifling, and billiards) and in various ways since, when it had suited his idle uncxcitable tem Eeramcnt to bring them into play. Au reste, c was big, bronzed, and bearded—as little entitled to be called handsome as ugly; and, in spite of his opini&tiveness;, a great favourite among his male acquaintances— independently (I think I may venture to say) of the adventitious attractions of an excellent cook and a superb cellar, in the snuggest of bachelor domiciles. All this, and a good deal more (for I was fond of Jack, and rather proud of his peculi arities, in addition to being, for my own part, habitually loquacious) I imparted over a late dinner table at Brookmead, to an audi ence consisting of my cousins, Belle, Kitty, and Alec, a young lady friend newly arrived from England, whose name was Ina Latimer; and the master of the house, generally deno minated as James Drayton, Esq., J.P., and standing to me. Mat Percy, in the avun cular relationship. The description of my opiniated friend elicited various comments from my different auditors. " What a detestable man!" ejaculated saucy, irreverent Kitty with hearty em phasis. "Sensible fellow," remarked Alec, who, being seventeen years of age and in the proud possession of the palest and most shadowy ghost of a sandy moustache, felt himself fortified in a position of philosophic contempt for the weaker portion of the crention—modified, however, by a lurking tendresse for the beautiful Ina, which was manifested ludicrously enough at times. "I think there is something in what he says," observed Belle the meek, who was engaged to a clergyman, and was cultivating a mild seriousness of demeanour in prepara tion for the position. " Of course he exagge rates—but I think he is quite right about women not striving to cope with men in matters out of their immediate province." "Bring him down, Mat — bring him down," said my uncle. "This friend of yours must indeed be a rara-avis, if no fan ornithologist has contrived to cut his claws and clip nis wings before now. Ask him to come flown with you next Saturday." Wliile I acknowledged my uncle's hospi tality on my friend's behalf, I remarked that Miss Latimer had said nothing, but sat looking at her plate with a quiet, contempla tive sort of smile playing round her pretty lips. "Is it allowable to beg you to put a price upon your meditations, Miss Latimer? I venture to ask?"_ " Ob, you shall have them for nothing" she answered frankly, lifting the long lashes from a pair of wide, innocent-looking violet eyes. I was thinking about Shakespeare." "About Skakespeare r I echoed, wonder ing at the irrelevancy of the subject, and the musical powers of abstraction which could enable ner to persevere in the midst of our chatter. "Yes," she answered gravely, though I fancied I detected a dangerously mischievous, will-o'the-whisp kind of light dancing in the depths of those seemingly tranquil childlike orbs of hers. "I was thinking of a favourite character of mine one that always claims my special admira tion. There is such a grand independence of thought, such a lofty contempt of weak ness about him !" she went on, with growing enthusiasm. "He is so persuaded of the truth of his convictions, and so magniti cently regardless of everything else in ex-: pressing them; and then, when be finds out he cas been in error; there is something so inexpressibly and touchingly generous in the wfly ,ih Which he ' acknowledges his. mistake, by proving himsielf as big a goose as anybody else." * "Why, Ina, what a fanny girl yon are?", cried Kitty. " I declare I thought yon were serious 1 _ I suppose you meant Benedick." "The implied connection is not difficult to trace, MissLatimer" I said, laughing. " But J fancy you are mistaken." "Mistaken!" she repeated, with a puzzled knitting of her brows and a look of innocent wonder. "How do you mean,'Mr! Percy?" "In suggesting that there might be some analogy between your hero and my friend," I replied, " I don t think' Paignton is likely ■ to proVe a Benedick." T ^Dearmel truly I BfevM suggested that! ■ 1 really thought I was talking about Shakes peare. I appeal to you, Mr. Drayton," she said, turning the innocent eyes upon my ' uncle, with whom she was clearly an immense favourite. " Did I say anything of the Mnd?" "Certainly not, my dear—certainly not. All Mat's fancy," responded, my uncle, in , great enjoyment$ and then the girlB rose and withdrew, the fair Inawearing.alook'of soft reproach as she passed me at the door, which made me half oeliovc I had done her an \- Injustice. But my uncle's quiet chuckle dispelled the IHusion. . "She's a delightful girl, that,' Mat, my hoy, Said the old gentleman. " A charming girl! Mind you don't fail to bring your ■ mend Paignton while she is with its. It. is livelier when the house Is full: and you young folks might get up a carpet- dance! My uncle was the soul of geniality and good-humour, dearly loving a quiet joke; and I began to think that the chief reason of his great liking for Ina Latimer lay in some subtle sympathy in such things which seemed to exist between them. Altogether I felt some secret misgivings as to whether I had been quite prudent in so openly descri bing _ my friend s_ peculiarities; how these misgivings were justified by the event my story proceeds to show. It required hut little persuasion to induce Jack to accept the unceremonious invitation I conveyed to him. Town was getting hot and dusty, and I had so often expatiated upon the beauties of Brookmead. that he declared _ himself delighted to have the opportunity of making their acquaintance, flinrcfrirn wrn lnft A —— iLa £.11 • ii_ 'j* T MvcwAivct* euwiwy ueiuie the dinner hour, ana after dressing the whole party . with the exception of Miss Latimer, assembled in the pleasant cool drawing-room. My friend Jack was accorded a hearty wel come by all—Belle's manner being gentle, composed, and refined as usual; whue, to my surprise, Kitty, attired in the daintiest of fashionable costumes, chattered and simpered m a frivolous and childish manner thai I had never observed in her before.' Dinner had already been announced when Ina, Latimer made her appearance, and for the first moment I hardly recognised her. Only for an instant, however; the shape of the pretty head, ana the exquisite colouring of skm and hair were altogether nnmistake ■1?' J, beautiful eyes were covered with blue spectacles—the soft, flnfiy rings 2 fiold that usually lay upon her white fore head had been evidently subjected to a strenuous but not quite successful endea vour to brush them plainly back—the red mobile lips wore a new air of primness, and the griceziil form was clad in a simple black garment of severe outline and utterly desti tute of ornament. She returned my greeting gravely and acknowledged the introduction of Jack with stiff formality. " I fear I am late," she said, " Pray accept apologies, _ Mr. Drayton. I was so deeply absorbed in that delightful work on ' Solar Physics' which you so kindly lent me, that I was wholly unconscious of the lapse of time.' Then we made our way to the dining room, while a look of dismay painted itself visibly upon Jack's expressive countenance, and I felt that the justification of my mis givings had commenced. During the repast Miss Latimer was not to be drawn into light conversation. She dis coursed fluently upon "sun-spots," "the photosphere," ' spectrum analysis," and all the rest of it, ana turned a gaze of infinite pity upon Jack when he was driven to confess that he knew nothing about the prac tical workiaglof the spectroscope. Thence forward she adopted a somewhat patronising air in addressing her remarks to him, ex plaining^ her meaning with condescending elaboration, as one might do to a fairly intelligent schoolboy. This must have been inexpressibly galling to Jack, who was writhing under it as much as his fair tormentors could possibly have desired, lor there was clearly a plot against his peace of mind, and I, who had no doubt unwittingly set it going, was powerless to check its progress. As we men left the dining-room I caught the sound of light girlish laughter mingled with the strains of an air from " Carmen," but when we reached the drawing-room there was no one at the piano, and Miss ! Latimer was absorbed in a ponderous-look ing volume, apparently " Solar Physics," of which sheJiadT been talking. Kitty fluttered up to ns with 'childish em pressonent. "I am so glad you gentlemen have come at last," she said, with a pretty little simper at Paignton (which was, how ever, so utterly out of character with Kitty's ; frank, downright nature that I was thunder- j struck at the little hypocrite's power of dissi mulation). " Belle is always so quiet, and Ina is bo wrapped up in the books, that I am feeling quite lonely. Ina is so dreculfull)/ clever, you know, Mr. Paignton !" she added, in a confidential undertone. "Is she?" said Jack, with an amused smile. " Oh yes ? Didn't you see it at dinner ? way she talked.about the sun-spots and all that sort of thing, you know, I think it really is dreadful to be so clever as she is! VViiy, she has passed ever so many awful examinations, and she might have been a lady doctor if she had remained in England. Indeed, I'm not quite sure that she has given up the idea yet!" " Really," remarked Jack. " Your friend muBt be Btrong-minded as well as scientific. Miss Drayton. " Oh, indeed, she is, Mr. Paignton," Kitty replied, with much seeming earnestness. ■ Do you know, Bhe has the oddest ideas 1 It seems a shocking thing to say, but I reallv do believe she has almost a contempt for men! She says they are frivolous creatures because they neglect so many opportunities of improving their minds; and she will have it that women could do all sorts of things 'luite as well or far better than men, if they onlyhad the same opportunities." ' Perhaps she is rignt, Miss Drayton," said Jack, with a curious look over at the silent figure with the big book in the opposite corner of the room. " But what do you think about it?" "Oh, I don't think so, I mint women have no business to be clever ! But perhaps that is because Fm not clever' myself," responded Kitty with demure .aim-, plicity." '•Are you not?" queried Jack, smiling down at her again, and apparently'finding some pleasure in her pretty face and foolish talk. " Oh no /" she said, shaking her head. " I' -can't do anything hardly except see to the house," f This new And domesticated view-of wild Kitty's character tickled me hugely.. In spite of my annoyance my risible muscles grew refractory, and I had to turn away. "That is undoubtedly a very valuable accomplishment," remarked Jack, gravely. " And I dareBay you have many others but are too modest to confess them. Don't you play or-paint?" " Just a very little—hardly worth mention-' inc." " Will you play to us ?" " Yes, if you will promise not to he too critical. 1 daresay you are a great judge, and I shall be sure to be nervous r - A few words of encouragement from him, and with much apparent semi-shy reluctance, Kitty moved to the piano. Horror! What was she playing? "The Blue Bells of Scotland," - with variations ! Such variations, and rendered in such a manner, surely never before excruciated the ears of an audience! My unole looked up from his newspaper in surprise, then smiled and resnmedhis reading. Belle looked -mildly vexed, and Mias Latimer made no sign. Jack gazed at me in evident distress of mind, in which I certainly partook. " I am afraid I made a few mistakes," said Kitty, looking doubtfully at the music as she rose. " £ never cau remember the accidentals, somehow, bnt it dosn't matter much, does it ?' she added, cheerfully. " Oh. dear no," replied Jack to whom she appealed, evidently repressing a groan with difficulty. "Does your Bister play ? or Miss Latimer?' " Ina does, awfully difficult muBic, it makes my head ache just to look at it," answered Kitty. "Shall I ask her? Ina. dear, Mr. Paignton wants to hear you play. Miss Latimer raised her eyeB. "You know I play nothing but classical music,' Kitty. I hardly think it probable that Mr. Paignton would care for thai." Another blow to poor Jack, who particu larly fancied himself as a musical critic, basing thereon his not altogether unfounded contempt for the ordinary run of young-lady amateur performances. Smothering his indignation, however, he said, " Odd, as it may appear, Miss Latimer, I do like classical music, and should be glad if you will favour us." Whereupon Miss Latimer played an intri cate fugue with much passionless preci sion and skill, but it seemed to me as if the very sound of the music made her forget her j part, for presently she fell into Beethoven's •' Pathdtique" sonata, and played it exqui sitely, bringing out all the wonderful weird patboB of that glorious composition so as almost to draw tears from one's eyes. Some how Bhe had laid aside the blue spectacles, and the little gold curls bad partially regained their freedom, and this " strong-minded" and "scientific" young lady was looking singularly lovely as she sat with the soft lamplight falling on her delicately moulded face. But with the last note she rose as stonily prim as ever, and would play no more; and I detected Kitty evidently scolding her for her short-lived weakness. That unblushing young woman shortly afterwards displayed as her last effort in painting an atrocious water-colour of a vAndmill! Such a wind mill ! with crooked walls and sails all out of perspective, surrounded by trees of the crudest green and most unnatural form. That my really accomplished young cousin should be showing herself off in this ridi culous fashion, was inexpressibly disgusting to me, hut I resolved to bear it patiently for a time, and hide my opportunity of revenge. ( To be continued.) 