(prigma! §tori>. All Bights Reserved. VIOLET MAYLAED. Chapter I (Continued.) Bt Fbank Lynn. " How did you stop him Miss Mayland," exclaimed Captain Temple, " I did not expect you would turn him before he dashed into the Lodge gates and killed you." " I was not afraid but T knew if he dashed into the gate I should be killed, but I am a bad penny so am destined to | survive everything." " But how did you stop him ?" " I was sure that the gates were shut, they are rarely open, and I knew liay would not have time to open them, so I managed to turn Thundercloud off tlie road into the trees. They are rather scattered there, in a few minutes he got tired of being turned about amongst the trees, and gave in. He has such a soft mouth. That is the, only tiling that saved me, any other horse would have madly dashed against tlie trees and ended in killing both himself and me." " Why do you mount such horses, you will kill yourself." . " Not much loss," gaily replied Violet, "but are you coming for a ride with me, you promised this morning to escort me." " Yes, I rode up on purpose, but surely you are not going to ride that horse." " Indeed I am, a little training and it will go splendidly, its paces are very good. I fancy it is more nervousness than anything else that makes it so wild. But I shall walk it a little first till it is rested after galloping so much. Oh! here comes Jerry, I want him to tighten the girths a little." ' As she spoke she lightly sprang from the saddle and waited for J erry to come up. " The girths are rather loose Jerry, can you tighten them a little." "Oh yes Miss," replied Jerry as he dismounted, " I did not follow quickly for you canalways domore with Thundercloud when he can't hear another horse, and I knew you wouid soon pull him up Miss Violet." If any one had suggested to Jerry that there was any danger to his mistress he would have laughed, for lie had such unbounded faith in her powers of horsemanship, and well he might, for the number of horses she had ridden that no other woman had mounted was great, but then none of them had such a bad name as Thundercloud. After the girths were tightened Violet remounted, and though for the rest of the ride, Thundercloud did not attempt to bolt again, he reared and strained at the reins so much, that when they returned home, and Captain Temple helped Violet to dismount, he exclaimed as he caught sight of her hand: " Why, your glove is quite worn through." " Yes, and my hand too," laughed Violet, as- she drew off her glove and displayed a deep red gash across the white palm from which the blood was slowly- dropping." r'^^-^iet-^ou-wauld _not _he__such_a^ madcap, you will hurt yourself some day, but let me bind up your hand." As ne spoke he drew his handkerchief from his pocket. " No please don't trouble, it is only a scratch.' "It is no trouble, besides the scratch is bleeding a good deal, and the blood is running down your habit." " So it is, but it is really no use in binding it up Captain Temple." " Use or not I am going to do it" and smilingly he bound up her hand. " There, is that better now. 5 " "Yes, tliank you, but will you come in?" " Ifo thank you, my sister was rather vexed at my coming out this afternoon so I must make haste home again, and besides you had better make haste and have your hand attended to, the blood is coming even through the handkerchief." " What a bore; never mind, I am sorry I took you away from your sister,; do you think she would care to come to dinner this evening ? It will be only ourselves, and if she will waive ceremony and come we shall be only too happy to see you both, and we will have a quiet musical evening. Can you come P" " I can at any rate, and I don't think Maud has any engagement for this evening, so I daresay ,we can come. But don't expect us tiil you see us." " I will send the carriage, and then if you ean't come I shall know." " But that will be too much trouble." " No indeed, it is a good distance from Bose Cottage and the horses have not been out for several days, so it will do them good to go," "Thank you, I will tell Maud, so good afternoon for the* present," "and mounting his horse he rode away. Violet watched him for a few seconds and then turned to her brother who had just driven up. "Bob, I have asked- Captain Temple and his sister to dinner this evening." "AH right, she's awfully pretty, I caught sight of her as I passed Rose Cottage just now. Notabit like Temple, quite fair. How long has she been a widow p" he abruptly ask. , ; " Three years, but I don't know for certain, I never asked. Don't lose your heart," and gayly 'laughing, she ran away to change her habit, while her broiher flinging the reins to a groom, mused on the beauty of Maud Baynes.. \- Chapter IL Very .pretty looked Violet, the soft warm light of the wax candles lighting up the rich white silk, and crimson flowers, in which she was dressed. A complete contrast to Mrs. Baynes, a blonde, with a pretty, though rather childest face, and large blue eyes, which never seemed to meet other eyes frankly ; but then looking down suited her, and she knew it; so perhaps that was why she generally kept her eyelids lowcred, only raising now and then to flash a look into her companion's face, as she was doing now; for she was engaged in carrying on a flirtation with Sir Bobert, under the cover of Violet's singing. But soon Violet finished-and sat oil listening to Captain Temple, while her eyes strayed every now and then to the further end of the room, where her brother and Mrs. Baynes were sitting. ' " You think my sister unlike me Miss Violet" observed Captain Temple, as he watched her eyes glancing in that direc- tion, and the amused smile that every now and then crept over her face. " Yes, quite your opposite." " In everything I think, but then she is my half sister, and the very image of her mother, in every way I am afraid," he said, the last in a half sad voice, and and in a low tone as if he were speaking to himself. " You do not *care for her I think," he added laughing for he read Violet's face like a book. " I have not seen enough-of her to judge," replied Violet, in her quiet low voice, " See!" she added, looking through the open window, "the moon is risiug over the firs, does it not look beautiful ? I love to see the moon rise like that in a clear sky, it throws out the firs into such bold relief." " Come into the balcony where we can see it better," said Captain Temple, and together the two stepped into the balcony. Going to the end of "it they could see the west rouiii looking more ghostly in the moonlight which threw long lines of shadow across it from the firs. " Why is it you never open those, rooms in the west wing, Miss violet. I asked your brother one day, but he evidently did not like speaking about them." " No Bob is very nervous," laughed Violet, "he is afraid of theiu. But the lower ones are used, at least I live in them. Six large rooms aU to myself, I do not believe anyone else would use them, at all events not in our house. The firs make „ them very gloomy in" winter, in summer they are very pleasant, and I like to b'stcn to thetree.s moaning." " So do L I think if 1 lived in Mayland Hall, I should choose those rooms, but why will no one else live in them if" "It is quite a long story. Above these six rooms that I five in are six other rooms, at least report, says there are six, but ho one has seen of entered them for ages. The legend connected with it is this:—Years ago they were occupied by a May land girl, who fell in love with one of the hereditary foes of the Mayland's, called Temple; and her father in anger shut her up in these rooms, treating her very cruelly, leading her "to believe tlmt Temple had married another person. la anger and despair she tried to kill herself by flinging herself out of the window or one of the rooms. However, the fall did not kill her at once, for she lived a few weeks longer in great agony, and learned too late that her lover was faithful, and when she died she cursed the line of the Maylahds, in these words:— Woe to the false- hearted •Maylands* race, No Mayland shall sec his father's face. Then come some other lines which hate not been handed , down to us,-but tradition says that, they declare that when a dark haired girl of the Maylands' shall scorn to become a Temple's bride, then woe to " the lapt of Mayland's line." A strange prophecy^ never fulfilled, except that declared in the only complete lines that remain,' for since then no Mayland has everj3een his father's face. Aunt Carrie used to laugh and say 1 would fulfil the latter pari for I am the only dark haired though I am like them in every other respect.. But I am wandering from my story. After uttering this curse, Maud Mayland never spoke another word, though, she did not die till some days afterwards. The night after she was buried, one of the servants in passing down a passage in the west wing thought he saw the spirit of the dead girl in front of him, he turned and fled. Next morning the rooms were found to be locked, the windows barred, and on the door' were scrawled the lines of the curse. From that day no human eyes have beheld the inside of those rooms. Her father tried to remove the words from the xLoorJmt after a few ineffectual attempts, he. gaye it tip, tearing tlie two first Hues complete, and part of the last one and a few stray woras cf the remainder. I have often puzzled over them trying to complete the whole but it is no use. I want my brother to break open the door, or rather try, for it is verj r massive, so I expect it will take a great deal of forcing before it gives nay. But Bob will not try, aud my curiosity, will never be satisfied I ton afraid. I wish they were open as I am tired'of seeing windows always shut and never a sound of life in them, except at night when you hear strange sounds and footsteps, which puzzle me dreadfully. • I am ; always trying to find out what causes them," she paused, and Captain Temple who had been gazing at-the -west wing windows laughed mcrrily. "I think you almost believe them, Miss Violet, I wonder how these tales come to be so much believed, for of course there is only a grain of truth in any of them." But as if to contradict, bis words at tliat minute from one of the west wing windows flashed a stream of pale blue light, lighting up the balcony for a minute, and then dying away. "What can it be?" exclaimed Violet. " I don t know," replied her companion, "but it seems as if the ghost had come to prove that it was real, and not fancicd. What a pity you are not a medium! as then we could force his, or her ghostsltip to explain the reason for frightciuiig us in this way," aiid he merrily laugnfetl, though to tell the truth, he was very much puzzled in his : own miiid to r account for the display of light. " I don't like it at. all, it is uncanny," laughed-Violet, " but I suppose you do not want to hear any more legends after .this?" ' * .. • - : N'tI " Indeed I do;' I am quite teager to hear more,* perhaps at the conelusioil of that, we may be honored .by the sight of the ghost"instead*of his lantern.*-' "Then I will,tell,ypn another ghost story. Can.you- see that j^ade ruiining amongst the beeches, looking like an avenue, as the 'mopn shines upon it now P" " Yes I can distinctly see it in this light, and have often passed through it. - 1 John called it the 'Murderer Glade.'*" To be Continued. PooH Weak Womajj.—Miss Susan Nipper, who'lives in is snail tenement, a lone woman, was quite" flustrated " the other morning by an early call from a bachelor * neighbour. 1 —Wlia t do you come here afterf " said Miss Nipper.— " I came to borrow" matches/' he meekly replied.—" Matches! That'salikelrStory. Why don't you make a match ? t know what you come for," cried the exasperated old virgin, as she backed the bachelor into a corner. " Ton come here to hug and kks me almost to death ! But you shan't —without you're the, strongest, apd Lord knows you are!" '"j 