NEW CHURCH AT MILSON'S POINT. The large increase which has lately taken place in the population of the Milson's Point district of Christ Church parish has given inducemeut to the erection of a new church in that district, and on Saturday afternoon the foundation- stone of the sacred edifice was laid by the Very Rev. the Vicar-General of Sydney, in the presence of a number of people. When finished the new building will not only form an adornment to the localitv of Milson's Point, where it is to be erected, viz., Broughton- street, but it will supply a great want of the Christ Church parishioners in the district, as one church alone now exists in the whole of North Shore which they can attend, and it is situated so far from Milson's Point that they find considerable inconvenience in reaching it. The dimensions of the building are to be 68 feet by 45 feet, and although not very large it is anticipated that it will prove adequate for requirements for some time to come, as it is to afford ample accommodation for 215 persons. It is also to be used as a Sunday schoolroom, and it will be devoted to this purpose alone should the trustees later on decide to erect a more commodious church alongside it. The building will have the usual auxiliaries, such as a vestry, porch, &c.;, and it will be constructed of brick with stone facings and a stone foundation. Messrs. Eaton Brothers are the contractors for the work and it is estimated that when completed - which will be in about four months' time - it will have cost between £1500 and £1600. At the laying of the foundation-stone, a portion of the psalms appointed for the purpose having been read, a lesson was delivered from the 1st Corinthians, iii. Then followed the collect for Trinity Sunday, and this having been given, the Rev. A. Yarnold, pastor of Christ Church, North Shore, presented the Vicar-General with a silver trowel and a mallet on behalf of the building committee. The stone was then duly situated and fixed, under it being placed a bottle containing copies of the same day's issue of the Sydney Morning Herald and Sydney Daily Telegraph, and a scroll of paper on which was written some particulars anent the present state of the diocese of Sydney. The Vicar-General, tapping the stone with the mallet, pronounced, '' I lay this as the foundation-stone of the school-church of St. John the Baptist, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.'' After several prayers had been said tht Vicar-General proceeded to deliver an address to the people. He said they must all feel that a work of this kind should be begun with great solemnity, with great heartiness, and with a determination by the help of God to carry it to a speedy completion. It was a work for God, and not merely for man. It was intended for the honour and glory of Him, and at the same time to promote man's benefit. At the close of the address a collection was taken up, and a fair sum was donated. The proceedings were then brought to a termination by tho Vicar-General pronouncing the benedic- tion. " 