A TRUE STORY. Some years ago I bad occasion to talco a lonjj journey to the north — a journey which would involve ray travelling all night. A few days be foro 1 had received an invitation from a friend of mine, who lived at a town ?whicn J had to pass, to nine anil stay the niglit at his house — an invitation ?«hich I gladly accepted, as it would prove a pleasant brealc in the mono tony of tho journey. I resolved, therefore, to po arrange matters as to arrive at tho house in time for dinner, and proceed to my destination next morning. 'When the day arrived I was very busy ; so, after a hurried lunch, I packed up si few necessaries and rushed off to the stalion, where I arrived with just a minute to spare. I asked for my train, which the con ductor pointed out, addinsr, ' If you don't hurry up, sir, you'll lose it.' I took his advice and jumped into tho nearest car, the door of which stood open, and in winch there was but ono other occupant. I settled myself for my journoy, and for the first time I had the leisure to obscrv.e n\y 'fellow traveller. ISIow I ra'her pVide myself on being a judge of physiognomy, and my first impressions of him. were the reverse of pleasant. He was evidently a fidgety, nervous sort of man. He bad restless grey eyes, without much expression in them, while his hair and beard were of a reddish hue. He was dressed in a long ulster, ?which I thought quilo unnecessary, for, though it was late in tho year, tho weather was by no means cold. . Thoro was i-n the seat beside him a small oaken box strongly bound with brass, and his eyes were constantly glancing from this box to me in a way that I did not all like. I bpgan to have visions of plots, ii.fernal machines, and I do not know what. After regarding me steadily for a few minutes, he said — ' It is possible, sir, tliat you are not aware of this carriage being reserved for State officials?' 1 looked round, and seeing no indi cation of tho fact, replied that — ' I was not aware of such being 'tho cafie.' ' Then, sir,' ho .replied, ' I inunfc beg ? of vou instantly to vacate it, and leave me bore in colitary wilei'ce.' Considering that the train was go ing at the rnte of about forty miles an hour and would not stop until it reached a small station, half way to my destination, in about an hour's time, I could not quite see why I should comply with bis request, or rather command ; and I frankly told him eo, adding that I had as much right there as ho had, and did not in 1 tend moving.' ' He replied with a most solemn air, 'Then your fate ho on your own head.' This began to frighten me,' for tho minis manner convinced me mat no must be insane; mid the prospect . of an hour's journey in a car with a madman was not cak'ulnted to raise I my spirits. However, - 1 put a bold face on th«- matter, and aflectcd to he entirely engrossed with my ucwspnppr, though in reality I waB watching his every movement. He suddenly seized '. hold of the wooden box and held it . on his knees, mumbling inarticulate words, then suddenly replaced it he side him. In doing -so I caught a glimpse of the butt of a pistol sticking out of Ilia pocket. 1 bad nothing more defensive than tin umbrella and a roll of paporc, which, in' consequence of their length, I was compelled to curry in may hand. Pieser,tly ho began again — ' Have you studied the marvellous : powers of electricity ,'may I ath ?' ; i .1 replied m tho ncgntivc. * I have,' suid he ; ' and hdvo arrived -,' jit such a i itcli of perfection Hint, ,; aided by the conknfs of Ibis box,] could blow this tiain and everybody :'. in it to inlini1es;ma] atoms.' 'But,' I haxaid.'d, ' liow about ;! yourself 1* I Bliould calmhj jnouat into tho air and survey the scene without injury.' ' How ?' said I. 'That,' ho replied, 'is my business; look to yourself.1 Pleasant this ! However, I made some remark which scorned to satisfy him ; and he lapsed again into silence. 1 felt very sorry for him, in spite of my dangerous situation. I then tried another tack, and made several com monplace remarks to him — to allot' of which he answered in monosyllables, suddenly bursting out with — '.Do you dare to address mo, sir, without having first disclosed to mo who you are r Your temerity sur prisos me.' I thoght it best to humor him, aud handed him my card, on which was inscribed ' .T. B. Smith.' 'Ha ! I guessed you were a Smith ; you look likeono ; a blaoltsmith, if J may judge by the smuts' on your faco,' Here he broke into a maniacal laugh. 'When he had finished laughing, ho s;iid, 'Do you want to know who I am?' I said I thought I might as well know his naniB if he did not mind. ' Well, «iiid ho leaning tor ward and peering into my eyes, keeping one hand on the box, ' when you lirst jumped into tho carriage I wus tho Khan of Tartary ; but the wonders of i electricity are such that I am oven ' now changing ; I suppose I may be anybody in a few hours, or even minutes.' I suppose 1 looked sur prised, for he went on, 'Ah, you seemed surprised ; but, perhaps, you will hardly believe that my temper quite dopends on who I may happea to be. Not long ago T was con versing with some friends, and T suddenly changed into the King of Siam, and before tlioy could got out of my way 1 bit three of thoir fingers off. You should seen them scatter. Jbla, ha, ha !' ' Good gracious !' I exclaimed. ' You don't mean itf ' Oh, yes, I do ; but do not bo alarmed, I am never dangerous unless I happen to assume thai character.' Then ho sat quiet, and I was thank ful for a little peace. All afconco, to my alarm, he said quite uncon cernedly : ' I feel it my solemn duty to inform you that J am changing, and that in a few minutes I shall bo tho King of Siain.' Instinctively I looked around for some means of escape, and attlic same time grasping my umbrella, firm, re- : solved at least to sell my lingers dearly. It was'nt worth while, chunk ing carp, as just at that moment 1 heard the whistle of tho train announ cing tho approach to the next depot. I collected my things together near me, so as to be prepared for a hasty exit, and tho more so as 1 noticed the feelings of his Majesty of Siam were being worked up into a pitch of excite ment, and the way he showed his teeth would have terrified a far loss nervous man than myself. As we neared tho depot the train slackened speed, and at last stopped. Just as I jumped oub the maniac made a spring at me : but I fortunatelv avoided him. and shut the door in his f ace. I got into the next car, which was empty ; apd as the conductor closed the door I called out :. ' Here, I say, there is a madman iu — ' But the whistlis drowned the rest of my sentence, and the train moved off before 1 had tiino to complete it. 1 sat still in a horrible state of nervousness, expectiug I hardly know what. At last the train stopped at tho station for which I was bound, aud 1 jumpeu out. i\s x passed ins car j. could see him sitting there quietly ; and I went into the station-master's room, and told him what had hap pened, advising him to ta!;o some means of securing him. He promised to telegraph, but said it was no busi ness of his, and with that assurance I bad to be content. I thon went off to mv friend'ri house, Avhere I arrived just in tiiiio I'cir dinnor. I supposo the traces i-f my fright still remained, for no sooner -1 d I enter tho dining room than my hue I exclaimed : 'Why, what is tho matter, old man 1 You have not met a ghost on the road have you 1 1 told him I had seen fiomelji.'dy a good deal worse than a ghost ; and, during dinner, I related my adventure, upon which they all congratulated me on my narrow escape. After dinner I wont off early to bed, pleading fatigue and the next day's business my excuse When I awoke in the morning I found my host ready for breakfast, and I joined him at once, as my train left in an hour's time As I shook hands with him at the depot, ,'ho remarked that ho should L.ko to hear of tho man being caught. 1 transacted my bueincsn, and as 1 had time to spare, I turned into the into the first hotel I came io, and walked up into the billiard-room, where I met Fred. Carl ton. an old school-fellow of mine, who was play ing billiards with three others. He seemed surpned to see me, and asked mo how I got there. ? I told him I had comb down early that morning, and I then proceeded to give him a sketch of my journey of tho night before. Fred, smiled, and said : . 'Ah, yes, old man; I heard sosae thing about it.' . ' You heard something?'. I said. From whom?' riir ill 1._ ? V-.1 dill j;11 ? 11 \y mi, iiu lupiiuu, i ii iuii juu uu about it, for tho benefit of the com pany. Old Harris, the diamond bro ker, told me last right that he had just came down from tho city. JWhen ho had taken his scat in a car at ? , all alone, just as tho train started some fellow rushed in. HariiB said he did not much like the look of the follow and as he had about 40,0()0'; dollars worth of diamonds with him in a small box, he began to feol.un., comfortable. Ho said, tho stranger was a strong, active man, ami if it had como to a struggle fot the dia monds, Harris ivould have had no ? chance — for he evidently fe't sum 'tlio follow meant robber}' ; so ho deter mined to try and frighten him out of the car by pretending madness, which ho says bo did so effectually that the fallow, in sheer fright, bolted at the first stoppage, and left him' to finish the journey hero alono. But wo did not know that you were tho hero, old man,' aaid Fred, as tho whole four burst into »uch a shont of laughter that I never heard before. ' You must stay aud ha introduced to him afresh ; ho will bo hore to-night.' I did not stop to hear anything more. I rushed down stairs, thorough ly realising that I had been made a- foul, caught tho first train home, and have not shown myself in that neigh borhood since. 