BEOAUBEnrS NEW YORK Pra!ise<l by -Allah'! itiB-dver. "Fbr the i"">* ^c^tto'rrftra fthfe^StV has been in euchfurtntili as yoti at election times. JLll"the Vad elenfi&te;'gjofctiut j traiB^s; ttie^ea^artid vaga bonds' of ' ^veiy degree flock Miherward to gathef- fbe•harvest which these'periodic re vol^lftSns- -afford/ Free turn,-free grnb, free lodging, and mother valuable privileges arfe the pnzesoH&is; f rbtibled iiuie, afid the unsavory 'tothie'Teait represent the' ringed;^ jstr?jiked, arid speckled - of this, the me^yp®hi 6i the Union. '■ Jfothing has been mor&Btriking; in.lhe t;ity;than the large ntim berr-bf-thie& utikempt and unwaBhed' Till&ins; ■which have crowded our streets for over a month;; 'The'toold:weather would naturally haVe-drifted 'them in upon us early in Nbvem— ber,butthe smoke rising from-the holocaust of the election has been scented afar off by thete; carrion crows, and hence the gathering ; but vvith the setting sun of the seventh of November the visions of' free whisky, free lunch and free lodging fade like a beautiful drekm, and from this time forth they will have to trust to what they can' coax from foolish servant girls or bully from timid house wives whose husbands are away from home. Notwithstanding the tremendouB excitement and the enormous stake, the election was ex ceptionally quiet. A stranger passing through New York or'Brooklyn would never have sus pected that dnything unusual was going on, unless he-happened tt> go near the noils. The whole number of arrests would scarcely equal our average Sunday drunks, the election law which closes whisky saloons having much to do with the preservation of the public peace. A stalwart Republican wishing to rebuke a Democratic opponent remarked "that what few drunken men were sten were ail Demo crats," at which the Democrat replied " that the Republicans had no reason to get drunk; and what was more, in a little while they would- : not have anything to get drunk with.' The Republican felt that he was satidotfn on, and lapsed into silence as he re marked something about Republics being un grateful. Sid they have a high old time, the Democrats, eh ? High old time only conveys a fpint idea of what time they did have; men punched each other's ribs; smashed each otherVhats—drank to our glorious fdrefathers, the- eagle, the flag, and the glorious triumph of -true Jeffersonian principles. Those who had4nen doing penance for the few hours that thesaloons were closed made amends for their sufferings by taking an extra drink. And although it must be two years and a hsK before the happy event can take place, the fat places in the Custom Souse are all bespoken, and the prospective collectors, ap praisers and surveyors are as thick as the autumn leaves, and the number of patriots in-almost any capacity, to; which a good salary is attached, would form an army which wqnld crush the late rebellion - like an egg •heU. 'Rut .whether defeated or victorious the Amencⅈ,as he sits down with his newspaper J® ®P; effect of the conflict, cannot but feel proud that, notwithstanding a battle which: taa completely revolutionized the politics of his country, the affair has passed awaywith lesa disturbance than would characterize the election of a Dutch buigher or atondon alderman. Thatthe weather was cool, and the tlieraometer not many degrees above lh» freezing point, no doubt went far towards giving us the most quiet and orderly guber natotral election that New York hasseen for a century. Omosreigns in Wall-street; I only hope that the trite old adage may prove true, that mien - thieves &1I out honest men come by their own." Yanderbilt and Gould are at loggerheads; or, at least, so it is given out on the street. JSow, if there is anything that an unsophisti cated person should be suspicious of it is-Wall street points, especially when volunteered by disinterested parties. Gould and Vanderbilt were at swords' points a year and a half or twoyears ago, on Western Union and North western; they were going to kill each other on i? ij continenfc wa8 not quite big enough to hold the pair of them; but peace was finally restored on January 9,1881, and in less than twenty days each of these excellent gentlemen had added several millions to his pile, and the dear public have since been repenting in sack cloth and ashes that they ever bad an3 thing to do with either of them. Consternation has seized the Western Union gamblers; the watering of their stock to the extentof thirty eightmilhons has been pronounced illegal by but one, and there is no doubt but the Court of Appeals will sustain the decision. This decision declares " that no incorporated company can declare a stock dividend if the money representing the stock be not in the treasuiy of the corporation. It does not matter if the companv has property in houses, or lands, or machineiy, if Vhe cash ""^!n th® ^easury, the stock dividend cannot be made, but the company can sell all £ I® ,the appraisement of the ' 1 when the monev for that extra property is n ihe treasuiy, th y can make the stock dividend." As I Jid a TTn^nt-aS°'it^efcra,leaction of the Western Union, involving a matter of thirtv-eitfit miRions, « declared illegal and void, and it looks as though somebody might get hurt OT°Vande/h H miII!°ns' ™nre or less, to Gould T A™? rtf » ° ?'ake bufc litt,e difference. 88 ^Ual 1 he butchers will CBeape, and the lambs will be slaughtered er^O^16 Duteh g^^-h was Jear8 aS°» and which was almost the sole remaining landmark of the nast in £ w•u'■hBe,■ - ■»-»S s tne past for many years it has been occu pied as the General Post Office, and a more ^ement de6o,atej dirty'place could found on the continent. Till fcS^nlJr* °ld tnb,et above ll!f„.^P h. ?Crlbed w,th the text, " My ^ -C- ^"6C of PraJer>" and durine ^ St^r^« tra,f0n6ille-V might haveadded the wu1 8Dt r0t ,jit far from toot • rPn °hn ^"'mer Graham ftttedT^LT nearly forty years ago he htted it up at en expense of $10iXK) in Lldi ZZVe'e^350'000 ^ had PaiTt $50,000 of that sum to induce ihp Cln Chamber of Commerce uonlEJfche l0^ rn^TrOUnd ifc' io t,le the°^t ^"S^^ution! YorVthey used ^ of the Vilest Portf°n of it as a about it associations that hung W fi ,tnPalred lte popularity, and at ^ SsoooTenun I88 e-lad to Part ^ finwrnmpnt haa been in possession of the ^eksTo L^ 7 I°rt^ 3-ars, and a few J ?rder of Treasury De WBB • 8t puhlic a«ction, bring: ,ngOTCrJ$600'000 5 thi« is the price Sd h^n?0 g?,Und' 'he °°Bt of removing the exce^ing t,,e v*,ue t,,e WM or,Slnal'j erected it stood , h« K^,^e * raJr,part or waI1 which marked f^J J,11" °rieinal «'J Plof, and C . Wall'6treefc der^es its name, ri near the main gate and S Sob!1!-! ?7 ,eading to Maiden's cEk'nf ^ ^ &oweTy; pathway led to the P°nd which swept around through the to of ^eaii 8fr«t, across Chatham to 6116 the pond widiened out on the present site of the Tombs, oppo site which was an island, on which the negroes wrereburat todeathfcir theTiegroriote or re bellidh of 1623.>'Tbeiold'Po8fe:offiee was the fashionable -chufchof oar good-did Dutch an testo«150 years ago, and :for nearly half a tentury it monopolized the: tyle ibat:cehfcred In that portion of the7city. : Our gre&t-great; ■great great'grandmothers never disfigured their heads with-feathers and-beetles and birds and such nonsensical frippery, but depending oil Nature's garniture went to church in bare heads,-a handkerchief or some such light cover ing serving all purposes of adornment in sum mer, and a good thick wadded hood lined or trimmed with fur, defying the' wintry'fitonh. But I am wandering away from the old Dutch church, and no wonder; for whilel stood by and saw wall after wall tumble, it seemed as if the angry ghosts of the Knickerbockers who were laid to rest beneath its shady pines one hundred and fifty yeans ago would start up from among the falling debris and stop the desecration. When the church was sold they did their best to gather the bones of these sturdy - old butghers and give them decent sepulchre; but the bones of hundreds of them had- returned to their parent du6t, and the dust iB now commingled with unsightly piles of broken bricks and plaster. " Imperious C®sar dead and turned to clay Might stop a hole to keep the wind away ; Oh, that that earth which kept the world in awe Should patch a wail to expel the winter's flaw/' The week has been remarkable for its drama tic and operatic attractions, no capital of Europe presenting a brighter galaxy than we now have in New York. A wonderful revolu tion has taken place in dramatic and operatic matters in the past few years. Twenty-five years ago a trip to America was regarded as a sort of dramatic venture, about the success of - which attached considerable doubt. Great" artists we had, and many of them; but few came with the assured certainty of success. Now we demand the best the world affords, and we get it; thongh we pay a price for it that would have driven an old New Yorker crazy, seven dollars and a half the regular price for Paiti nights for orchestra seats. Five and six hundred dollars for boxeB for the season and other seats according. When you come to pay $2,000 a night ~to one individual, and a large double company to provide for, with their immense salaries and other enormous expense?, the manager has to charge a large price to have bis books balance at tlie end of the season. Of course Patti was a success. Even cold-blooded Dana is roused to unwonted enthusiasm and mates as big a donkey of him self as any of the rest of ne wrpaperdom. Her Lucia di Lammermoor is a wonderful piece of musical execution, but she has the same fault that Christine Nilsson has, a lack of genuine feeling for which she is not respon sible, as the Almighty who gave her her won derful musical power denied her all feeling except for dollars and Mcolini ; he is simply abominable, but we have to swallow him or let the diva go. Langtry has passed the or deal and come off with flying colors. Here and there some scribbling numbskull attempts to give his erudition an airing, but like Dog berry he only succeeds in writing himself down an ass. She is - a great success. Then we have Sal vim, the greatest living tragedian, aud all the critics award him unqualified praise. The other tlieatfes are all doing well. The people seem determined to be jolly even if a Democratic cyclone has struck hereabouts. Business is booming, and we are new realizing that -to be happy we must- be virtuous. I am happy to say that many people are now fol lowing my example. 