The Land Question, Dubing his trip in the southern districts Mr. Dallet has been by no means reticent with respect to the merits of himself and his colleagues in the past, or chary of promises for the future. There cannot be a doubt that the Attorney General is the backbone of the Ministry. He is the one member who clearly understands what the public -want; and what he himself means to do. 'Without Mm the combination, of 'which Mr. Stoabt is the head, would inevitably break down by its own weight, and give up the ghost from sheer inanition. Mr. 'Dat.t.ttv is generous in giving his colleagues credit for ?wisdom. and ability whiph he alone has exhibited. In action Mr. Dallbt's cheval de batiaiUe is the land question. Though some of his colleagues no doubt find Mr. Ballet's style of riding his new charger somewhat too much for their nerves, -we have not much doubt that they have cause to feel deeply grateful to him for the manner in which he has effaced him self, and given them in their collective capacity credit to which he alone is entitled. There is that famous ' commission ' of two, appointed to inquire into the administration of the Crown lands. That was a curious mixture of good and evil, and its report is a very funny 'mixture, too. The 'Commissioners ' seem to have got some of their evidence from very queer sources, and there have been some complaints from the country districts about the inaccuracy of the maps and plans which were fur nished to illustrate the report, and the misleading statements which were incorporated -with the evi dence. For these things the commissioners can not be justly Jield responsible, neither can the Ministry, since, they are defects of execution, and not of conception. The report has., without doubt, done incalculable good in calling attention to the difficulty and intricacy of the question, and plac ing before the general public a great mass of evi dence which had hitherto been hidden amons the ?musty archives of the Lands Office. So far, then, as our own local system is concerned, we may con gratulate ourselves on having gained something from the three months' labours of Messrs. Moeeis and Rankest. One would have thought, however, that while they were about the work, and not bound down to observe any particular rules, they might have extended their inquiries to the agrarian systems of other countries. The oppor tunity was a tempting one, or, at any rate, it would have been tempting to men who were capable of looking a little beyond the immediate present. There is an abundance of accessible material. Something like a description 'of the rise of customary tenure, in Europe — English copyholds, for instance — would have been inter esting, if not useful. There might also have been an attempt made- to explore that mine of agrarian fossils and treasure-house of legal antiquities, India, for expedients -which we could adapt to our own use. There are ample materials accessible, ? without searching records, in Maine's ' 'Village Communities ' and ' Early Law and Custom/' and in Hunteb's ' Annals of Bural Bengal.' In fact, the ' Commissioners ' seem to have felt that something of the sort would be expected of them, and they examined two witnesses, one of whom gave a sketch of the rough-and-ready system of settlement adopted by the Boers of the Transvaal, and the other des cribed what he said was the land system adopted by the Indian. Government. He professed to nar rate his own experiences, and the value of his testimony may be judged by his statement that he received a 'grant of 50,000 acres, with five miles' water frontage,' in the ' North-west Provinces.' To show the absurdity of this evidence it will be sufficient if we say that the people of the north-west pro vinces were as highly civilised as the Greeks 2500 years ago, and that those provinces are, with the exception, of Lower Bengal, the most populous part of British India. The truth is, that it would be impossible anywhere in the If .W. province to find any considerable area of unoccupied land, except in mountainous districts, and everyone knows that water frontaeee have not^ in them selves, any particular value in a mountainous country, simply because water can be found in every valley and ravine. On the face of it it i3 worthless as evidence of the work ing of the Indian land revenue system. The witness would lead us to infer that there is a desire to encourage European colonisa tion. As a matter of fact, no such, desire exists, and there are few inducements for European capitalists to invest in any business but tea planting, and; the waste lands are being slowly but surely occupied by native village communities. It would have been more creditable, and quite as easy for them, to have compiled a short summary of well-attested facte with, regard to the mode of settlement adopted in the jungle Iand6 through out India. Such, a summary vwonld have been much more to the; purpose than the absurd rhodo mantade they have mistaken for evidence. It would have illustrated the ' leasing system' in its greatest perfection. Instead of the exag gerated landlordism described by their witness, we should find small leaseholds held more or less immediately from the State— the very system which the report seems to suggest. The patriots of Mittagong who wished to drive a thoroughly good teacher out of the public school there have met with a very cruel rebuff from the Minister of Education. They had indeed a. good cause of complaint. One Mr. Enopp it seems has been appointed bead master at their little village. He is a thoroughly competent man educationally. On that ground he. was ap pointed, he has done nothing to forfeit his position, he has not endeavoured to teach any sectarian religion, and he has not obtruded, his religious opinions, whatever they may be, upon the chil dren. Bnt he is professedly a Roman Catholic, and on that ground some of the Mittagongese want him turned adrift. Mr. Beid does not see it, and he takes tiie very absurd view that a- man's religion is a matter be tween 'himself and his Creator, and eo long as a public officer performs Ms duty the State has nothing to do with his creed. Thus Freelhought doctrine of a Minister of the Crown will never do. Cannot Mr, Reid see that this is a Protestant colony, and to . allow people of other sect* to occupypositaonB under Government ib to allow an unfair competition to those, who are by 'firtaeof their faith,entitled to amonopbly of'ths good things going. Better by far to keep the most ignorant ana incompetent men at the head of oar pnblic«ohool«if-tb.ey wee f' sonnd onrthe goose;' as onr American oouBios term it, tiian allow* mil educated teicfaer to p^ke-Ub*reti-^noBeinto the work. We certainly eouldiave better under *tood$be appealto JBr. Eeid Had the deputation coihe %om ^ _B«n^ Cattolic «lergy. Had they complained that Mr. Enopp, being a member piohwadty of tbe ttae church. had been scratching about in- -the ''seed I plot oJ immorality' sitttete at ^flittagong, j and requested that, for his 'soqii's* sakej the Minister would remove bin sinful ibodyi the request would have beenintelUgible, afciany rate; though we suspect there would have been, ja terrible cry of indignation, feorn Mittagong, jjn : which, very probably, the patriots ab/bve referred i to would have been amongst the louflest. , Seriously, however, is it not time these ridiculous sectarian, differences should-cease ? : -% -As.^e^ridai ourselves on having, as a-Kfcate, no religion. «tt all, 1 we should be above the tempests which rage in the ecclesiastical teapot. . . 