PRESENTATION TO Mt. W. :O. JOHNSON.' Oxe Thursday evenouing last Mr. W. C. Jolinsion post master, was invited to a social gathering of the assistants and letter.carriers employed in the Goal. burn post-olrloo, the purpose of.whioh was: to afford a fitting opportunity to presentau address to him on the occasion of hid departure to fill the office of postmaster at' West' Maitland. There were alto gether eleven' pareons'present duid - the chair was taken by Mr.:D. D,. Moon., i After a few preliminary -oamarkv, explanatory of. the object of tl?o gatherin g, theo Chairman called upon Mr. W; G; Lodsn; first assistanut; who : said heo had boen.raqdcsteddto present to Mr. 'Johnson. the following .,addesep, the i sotimentse. ozxpossod in1 which had his 'fnllpast onnrreno??o.:-" To W. .'Johnson E Postaesteor. ;l Deer Sir,--Ws weolii doen it, most ugrateful on our part were we to allow you to depart from oir midst withoiut oprese. l?g in some forme ar:reinar: and esteem for you. Iii aeyour capacity of pstmenstor you have lIen at All times inmost kind.end considerate to those nnidr rour nhso le.: ThsyeeonqsoiUenty wish you to lake away with you this address, whelich we preosnt to you, writh eings soiier rp~iret, an sd'as h nadtieuto expresston of the eereot',admiratln: nd loyes o o entertaie for.you, ati which have bencoInteatidby the many uitnd.qualiies we have iouud'oua to be tile poessesor of. Wis ?lbur heartiest wlkbse for your, own weoaroe an? thetof your wife n nd family, e bog to subsacrbe ourseolveos yors devotedly, n '. Jorse * ;., ,A• : A.J POWiZLL,, . W. ii??v4 ,;:T W,, wh i uvose o BOLE S ? ' i : ?IesoALMEs ptDWea,'i o.W.'CLet ita 7;:a ".,, n.. ;u. 'Wo. 5boresa ,,, G. 0'TlEOALD., Tli addross was handsria ely illuminated by Mr ooach,aud 9n the top, was' a wPll-oiccuted, photo;" graph of the GCulburn post'aud telegraph Ofmcee;' Mr. Jobnsoi;inu replying said loe had beens takeno by surprise,, but received ,,the address: with much pleasure, He hbd always boon in f riendlyr elation, with thosb pieseuit, ahnd he w?o quito as esorry to leavethbemasthey wiro'at liis leaving thomi; but he! hoped in .twlve rontIhs, time :ho' might obtain, leave and pay them a visit. . ? . i Champagne was then ordered in, and th. Chair man proposed tie health of 'Mt' aend' Mra. 'Jo?hinon and family, which toast was vbry lioartily drdunk Mr. Johnson acknowledged the oempliment; 'and a pleasant oeveioning was spen with songs and; reita. tions, winding tip shortly before ten o'clock. : ; It. is expected that Mr. B.:M. M. Dennie, Mr. fohinson'os sucessdr, wills arrive 'to day, and Mr. Johnson will probably leave for West Maitland on Monday. During the five ,years :h has ho hsid , tie office of postmaster here, he has been yver found an obliging and painstaking offioer, and the good wishes of the Goulburnpublie will follow him- to:htels now sphero of duty. : :: Tnul GciATr AEmnieoAe OCnous, whioh. opn'cd hereo" on Thlursday' evening last, is one bf theboe:et.tl at' has appeared in Geulburn foi ?and y years, and tlios company's porforminoos on Thursday ovening woro greeteod with frequent 'ipplau?o b a largeoand do lighted audionce.'I The antics andosayrigeisof Mr,'; Douvalli, on.of the clowns, were very amusing, and' his dLmie singing is above thieaverage. The riding of thluvarlbue artistes is very, good;r anid tho pcr-. forinanedn of the trick pony; Veno, elicited the applnuse of all present. MadRame Zulo, a monky, is also a wonderful animal, aund aoisen tlhat, great trouble has been taken.itn lier trianing.'"Hei .per p . formanoes aro vqry amusing.d : Mi' Sylvo?tor'se dogsI and.monObyearo ti a credit' to tlhir" trainer, and ar show in ithimseelvos.' Tihe brothors Walhalla are, thd mainstay of,,the company, 'ud 'their, acrobatic foats're uncqiialldd. The elder brother is a model of syinmotry and' trength, .an d thll younger is :an exanploof t gility and courage.'' Mr. Wilson's'ewire rop? walking is vary gooda.' The' hbow is very well dotiducted' in every' depudtntitt;'nud' for varidty of amisemeut has seldom been equalled.hore. There is a very fitir brass band which contributes' greatly to tie sdcoes. of the' ntoertainment. , The circus was well .flled 'again last iiigllt. Today at two o'clock' tlier will' boa 'performance for th:,cohrin vo?ieneo of 'schools'aiid families, whon ohildren will be aduiittod to any' part of the houseo for sixpspoes each. T0oniight'the seas oln oses lioi'ilandlt Mrwho', wish' for' a good ovening's amusement should takeo' advantage of the opportunlty'. . Loss ofv Moxev,-Yestrday Mr. Clani rk, wife of Mr. W, Ohrek'oof tho obort BIles Hotel, lost from her pocket a pursa coaidiidg btg, bteeo £30 and £40 in notes, gold, and'silvdr.r It is supposed,';tliat shlo,: dropped'.it iiomowhliro 'b i. the promises, "and tliat; -some person picked It up an'd .pproprilatedit. Seiuo,'s, Actol T1 ? estorday" morniing, Mr: Willitte'Oirwford; olio of the paittad tlio'if-the Wi? ?ollo aliw-Mills; was ongAied in felling'a treo, wheni the top catching in nnothlr tree the butt nfiow bes': irom' th stomp and tuck lill on 'thlleft leg So groat was tho force ofg thlo.tlow.this41it tho lceg': 'sa forbed fifteen' iniebs'into tho ground, ii usiig a.oo l. pound flactnro botweoii 'tli?. anltlq and .tlloe ki$do'. Dr;.Morton was sot' fur and advise', tlie '?atiolnt' removal too GdulbKtiuri, whither' elil was,' aerdocdl;iidgi brought by hieo prortinM;;i Mr l lolisoun,'a.d'' hei ' he is iow.lid?i e treao?tt; ',, "ui l.as.. '' o A eoin i o?tc.Ond:' uod'fa y e?n..ii 'lilst, Miy OChntlotted Fiold, agod 78, a ,raspot d aid veryolda' roslddlt f Derrima, a? ?returing to 'liar hdto,' etiheot ii geUtiig.'tlirofgll th vesliprlls leading to herl tcottag, e?ie' liopped1 end' fell, fractuhin ?? lierp rgliet leg, aid atr the saiio'time o ittlin itpwith an piece of gI lati blottlo; ish6 mianuged t'o erawIt' w i dolt? cogo abdit'olx'io'ndi distant, "aud.l.;hyp'dn'th floob:' all' nigligt'nldtill t next doeiiilg, 'wh?hslie'wlad'.aeund Aiby f?rs'lo?o1 teho 'o?minloti?1'o. Dr. filn"r'ta1 bio'uglit'?jid.uatttnd?d to' ier' lhj'i~io' yesteo ' trd ' it t a liiis tand of :tie' 'pblti hi ui l t e~''o i'??wah dut"t' 't' the Goaulbii lojiltoi' il for t'ean ot c ?t ?o o 'r' . Wabtow' Bdirbr. "iinbllis r ;I 'dwest;; 4;_ }10/. 'Mr: 1s 'M StcphLaii t''idal'a9? sie1hob'' ../" PInoro'cn Aiiwe x oTIoeovstioe ie,. Tue . IIn. 'P.oisio?c.-An influential. dqi tatlonI'of, ilnplesteortl . f rbli'glosti iand lanos watdd"on ticit Vitoriiniuro?lmrier oin 'Wedonesday' to nige liius'to ?ove "the govere. tont, ylof.' elip nuiglibroutIlg,,? ltiioa to 01 tlhelri 'h iie esflu tioiii athio New iobg~a tid t to??. t aw ~ irts t the pnwchailo, ofjten h Nem,aiirt a ,ll Now rll pain, r 'nid', lomon; Islande'; r'rI, Set via ge ' io t ori most;6 s.s burab~ier epl; .to ?li?/ dputctbioi, aind ,pomiseod te, do al, lb could to ,forthor illir: views. He eon sid?iled' tntil the legislatures of: .tho coloniio.oser , askod; paeso; reaolutions rfavoneriig tho n hnoxatWion, motiit than uy,imroe .miuistriall action. Teologrgtrin to Dljily.Telograpli , "AI; i.. ... ,, i A'sridtia stAbbing affrayrlOeitred at Naiaoudriai oil Tlirsdiay,'iilo t woit\ avvirnP inamed petopetleyolyn Fredrllk' Kedllahber' ancdJohn Whilsiin, lquarrelled over" tholi htis, 'ndI Kollaholr titbbl td ilsiii on the loft side of tlio'snook with. 'ii'lep et.knliff,. TIe'weUoded", in GAriat 'outlioAsylwu srate ,thiatth, charges tiOe, A: silvesor onimnlon '.sorvice f e'oi oo from thq ohurioh 'of rIglgnid, llyny oby ve'r tyoer a rfamgo w oas recvered ,on Wodsdsy ion', al:orl?d gto, mi?'sifrdmn ther tdwn .:'''... a .. , t Sld.namoe d SteLphOen Range, seventeen ei;tlidf egd,'livigdvith his parents sit Marybbroiign h Victoria,' committed sicido on Friday last by hanuglnt htmself.. fiofna rafter in his bodrooin. Thi rosldoits of Wodonga hleve deoided to lii1d a grand demonstration on the 1.1th iist., Ildopendoutly of Albury. The shire council will present an address to tis Excellency, and the day'e programme includes a procession, athleti sports, and a bail in thu oevening. Alsvrei TO Morouconn i-are you broken in your rest by a pick child unffering with tile pain of cuttiiig teeth ? Go at onie to a chelmist and get a bottle of Mrs. WIeuemowv's SoorillNso BeceuP. It will relieve the poor oisuerer imuieudiately. It is perfeotly harm lose suid plenofnt to taste, it prodiuces naltuiral, quiet. sloop, by relieving the oisild from pain, mnmd the little clierub swiklis "as bright es a button," It ,soothes, the csihl, esoheiss tioe gusnus, eliiyes ll Ipainii, re licvees winsd, rgumlustee the busiols, sisel is tim best .* knowni reusedy for dysoentery ant dliarrilioa, wheotlhr arisinoig fross tootehisis or othler causes. MIrH. Winls low's Bootlsing Syrup is soul by Medicilso dealeres overywlhors at 1/1 i per bottlo,-AevT, r 1727 ioiilhimmc ' I-FIsi Tiri T U ANDs s leln --Ehcu. few drops ef tie 'liquid ri llorilims" sisrlnldeUd cii a 'et tuoithIsbrushli pnsrodices a Islessaint lather, ·whioli thiiiroulghlly ohsuuismoes tihe iteethl froin'r sll .partnsetu or.'. i tlusiuritlosi, hlardiens thu gumile, sluvoits' taior,' stop?: * dutray, giea. to the teotll a 'peouisUr pebIIT' \sohiteiIUcsi nsi, a]iglutftil fregriussed to tise breutli.' It iremudvee ill ulslu aeaant odour arlsiing frissis'd ilceo d teseth 'or ]thiieoilslb TiU ,l?'sagrimt'lurilhie,"j delicious. , to tile tstote, auid tiiigreatsittssllot! disoovury 61. tis ! .00o,, 'i:'rlocua'hil; of lull' .heiitestaus : t:Porfiiniirs,'i Wliellesalel~ol0t removdd? tojlU3 1.1rrlngddbultpad . Io ilddihihiit.-i..\n T,|, ??.'.''9 , , rIll fi ;tu'".i r·. t ,' 'ri: S.' "'NEW lL'?4MPS' .FORti OLD' ONES,/ql's',i(iililfAl A~addl" aRnui? hdd-i td) tihymi, :ver'ythi'hiul'wt'i thm "Jlihomi's 0 s'tdrehsoeprra evlcc,..ovT~ l - l.l?i:P: li,? WANrTE everybody to know the very great advan. tages which are to be derived by doing business with the proprietor of the Great Furnishing Arcade, Goulburn. An immense business is now being done in all the departments of this vast establishment, and goods are being forwarded not only to the out. lying districts near Goulburr. but to other districts at a far greater distance, where the sound of Rogers' Furnishing Arcade is as well known 'and as popular as any establishment in'thecolony. " The public are now becoming convuinced that they can obtain their requnimnouts at this Arcade better and cheaper even thu ind Sydney,hiclh isi owing to t the fact that the proprietor twelve months' insce left these shores for England not-only'to'buy blit make permanent and proper arrangements fora; continual supply of Goods pf every description, which are daily being unpacked. These arrangements, with the long experience anid gcnera l'knowledg' of the actual value and quality of gods,, were well ;and;profltably completed by Mr. Rlogers:not only.to and for himself but for all those who dd.business with him. The number of orders xeooted and a the 'actual amount of business transacted at tho"Aroade the first four months of the present year amounts to £5000 more than any previounsfonr, monthsl.whieh goes to show that the publio 'iro not blind to their own interests. At this, tho largbst nid'mdst' ppular establishment in the southern'dletriot, the price of each article is marked in plain figures so- that all may nnderstand, and not in two or three private marks,; which is the case at other establiehments. The stock now amounts to over £80,000, and'£15,000 is now crossing the water in sixteen different' shipments, to be folldwed by others. S: torekeepers andt wholesale customers will also find it to their advantage to 'do business with COnntEs RoEusse in.Goulburn.: And those who oare prepiroed to buy 'b'ilk' goods to 'rrive and take; delivery att olip's' side, Redfern Station, or' f.o.b. Sydnoy,?vill find it to their 'advantagoeto' write for particularseto Charles Rogers,lsole, proprietor, ,Goul. burn; or to.Charlee Rogers and Company, No. 182, Pitt-street, Sydney.-- Waited known,' that price. lists and design sheeoots are forwarded. to atnybody anywhere post free, and'that 'thos th: this city and district are invited to walk' through this Arcade and view .the various departments, which ,are crowded, to overflowing with latest novelties. This, estab lisliitd indeed now formssquith ianu'ohibltion,'and' the proprietor will feel favou?ed'by the publio.paiin'g' it a visit.-Ones. BooEns, Goulburnr::' ? 8880 Tni GounLuon Boor.Pacsca.-Never before in, the history 'of Goulbursi have Boots and Shobs beeno purchised so cheaply as at'pra8ient. 'In consequene of the reduced 'prices adopted 'by the''Psdprietor of the above Establishment, every liouseholder ii Town and Country, and visitors generally, can save their, expense?, over and over again by ptrchasing at the Goillburn'BootPalace. ; As"every requlislth ini'the" tride is kept; and Boots and Shoes to suit all blasseds, no person shodld neglect to call; uponiW. T. Woodi at the Goulburn Boot Palaoe.-ArvT.' ; PEC?onA OxTiici OF CAnronaEEN on Imns Moss.. -The astonishing annual increase in the dniand for the Pectoral Oxymol of Caraghden or Irisli' Moss dstablislies it as the' 'standard remedy. for 'dcoghs,' eolds,.hoarsenees, influenza, ditichulty of-breathing, &d;,, &o.; one dose giving relief, and one bottle in many 'eases ffeooting a cure. It operates in dis.. solving fthe congealed phlegm and causing ai fre' ox. pectoration. Its price brings it within the scope of all. Sold by all Chemists and Storekeepers through.. out the colony in bottles at 1/6 and 2/6 each, and by the proprietors, A. J. Watt and Co., Apothcaries' Hall.: 58 and 581 Georgc.street, Sydney. 841 GHOSTS,-An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another. world, and many are the wonderful stories that fill sotli of tle jourcials. The sceptical mind is, how over, inalined "to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marloey's ghbost: i How-do I know that you are not a bit of undigested bread ?' T'for, of all the ghost- producers; a hit, of '! heavy" bread is. the most potent. It is a wonder, 'therefore, that' people do not adopt the surest spill against ghosts by'using Borwick's Gold' Modal ;Baking :'Powder in' making bread; 'for, although it won't " raise ghosts," it will raise broad in the most admirable' fashion.. Every wise store. oeepe-. has it:by, him, and every good housewife buys itf.AD ' ... ' 5.2684 SVALhin :DliscovVen Fon': Tnn HAIR.-If your hair.nis turning'grey or .white, :or falling off, use "T' o exicani Hair- Ronwer," for itwill:positively. restore in erover easo Grey or White.hair to its ori ginal coloiur witliht leaving the' disagrooeble 'saiidll of lost "Restoleirs.". iIt miakes theo'hair oharmlingly" boautiful,, as; well: as promoting; the growth of the' halr,on bald;spotsi where the glands are not doeay'ed. sk you. OChemist for .' The Mexican Hair.Ronower," soldF byiChomistesn aind Perfumers ovorvlvhsro at 8/0 per'liottlo., Whlioldsalo'Depitromoved to 883 Farriug dotiltoad'Lomidon.-Anv:r. .i : 1749 TAKING 'A fARISE/:":"DUT 'OF' OLD TIAME I" Dveieng "our, old and faded clothes andd drsese. with'. Judep.usI?yeas. .'onovating .your. ;pieturo-.frames ,tlhi Jiideon'si Gold PMuiit 'Enamolling you'r'(eiders, stovhs, iuid: fird-iroiis ? th' Juds6i's.' Artists'" black. 'old:?varywheio".--AnDV'' "'i "' "i..i :' 8400 "'MAY, ,0OOD'DIGESTION WAIT ON,':APETITE,". spyyaI hakespcrpo b~ t; i' good digestioi!! ,will, never, ua p had ba?upoe' d ea ind,'ils ithoruforoof.tlio groat. eel impotanieotht i'?i ' makltnig' liroad ono'el'ould use only those leavening agents whichli hLv 'acquired a iligs ;reputation through 'long use in households Itrpt igut the' world. ; Foremost. amongst, those I mtst bo eoknoed, IlBorwiok's Gpld Modal Baking Powder,"wlhich lioi' stood the test ii" everyclimnate' of the world.'.' Got' it, use it, and'ridd your testimony I thatl of the millions who pratid it . Opnsumers of .Wolfeo's Schnapps; espeoially thoso i who'tnlio it ciiodicinally, should purchase it only by thotiottlo, and tlius'onsure obtaoiing the genuine rttiolo: titers' boeingl afraudtlilott imitation in the market.l ;Largo and small bottles are obtainable at n?ryoy rosppotnblo hotel in the colony, ,and. theo name of M, Moss and'Co. is,on the top label of the yellow. IalipeOr.-AlhiVTn . "~ B wd-' fhy o sti `o of tills, tile t lioorl1 ivill wavdr'dbmpldlti of fii l lil?obeoi illibover laiig nudnrb snfair.perlous, and will give 'no thanls at all to thos hs sel thueil goods at a;loses 1'TIt haseboon our rule igt thrcighIt ogr: biiadhstg areor to ohprgsoai fair irice fdor anll Godds:ifiid 'to thie we attributd' ih'a large m!e-adrsiiuor tho':'t ifdaoSd "fItt' h?Ip''upo' t'ow''ii' 'roowned ouri')fforts. . Ottliteiotobmdrd 'aud"thb pulilio gicuorally vill fin, that ithb, future? aslin thle past,, all Gods at ti' Atistrallai Storeo will behoof good' qulalityn.'a, ':sold' a.t a fatir Vrlco.-WiLrcAi c 'Dvic's ir Tnmio' ' 'As'crsio' dor Ainn Hionissones.-ill stir.' frhingfronpirritation of tho,throat and hoarsionoss awill be acreoably surprised at.the almost immediate 'rlief hfforded by" tho use of "Brown's Brotochial Triooho." These famious lozlOtigeos are now sold by mostrospdtabl lio emistris in this country at 1/l1 perbox. oPedplo troubled withlla " hnaekig cough,l! a"ellght'oold," or bronsohial affootions, cannot try them tobosoon, as similar troubles, if alhvwed to pro. gross, 'rdsult in sorious Punlonary and Allthmatic affeootions. SeBoothat the words "Brown's Bronoelial Trsoohes" are oni thle Governmont Stamp around eachl' box.c-Manufaucotured by John I. Brown & Sons, Boston, United Statoes. European Dopit removed to 88 FarrinRdoi Road, London.-AnvTr. ' 1727 All 'Use It.-It is at every pionio, at use in eovery itbuhen., It gives thie linolsh of every dish. It Sassists digestion. It lhas a place at Government House, and is sooen at every respoctable artisai's. Tls:lproteootlontists iuse it becaueo it io coluonial, tLto free-traders boedansn it is oheap. It is the ospoonls favourite with all classes boonuse, as one of the Syd. noy Olorgyout.wroto, "it is the bestmade." It is tht ATutrelnsoo IllirsIs madne by WAVsIiNioroc H. Boor, of 177 Pltt-streot, Sydney, and sold liy every storeltennor. - 7126i 