CHAPTER II. A LONELY EYRIE, "Then we will aay Melbourne to begin with. Not for a permanence, but until we have gained a little more experience," said Patty, with something of regret and reluc tance in her voice. By this time the sun had set and drawn off all the glow and colour from sea and shore. The island rock was an enchanted castle no longer, and the eaile of the fishing-boats had ceased to Bhiae. The girls had been discussing their schemes for a couple of hours, and had come to several conclusions. " I think BO, Patty. It would be unwise to harry ourselves in making our choice of a home. We will go to Melbourne and look about us, Paul Brion is there, you know. He will see after lodgings for os and put us in the way of things generally. That will be a great advantage. And then the Exhibi tion will be ctfming-it would be a pity to miBB that. And we shall feel more as if we belonged to the people here than elsewhere, don't you think? They are more likely to be kind to our ignorance and help us." " Oh, we don't want anyone to help us." "Bnt someone must teach UB what we don't know, directly or indirectly-and we are not above being taught. And we shall never find Buch considerate treatment as in a place like Melbourne, amongBt people who have had their own struggles and made their own way," said the innocent Elizabeth thoughtfully. " Bnt," insisted Patty, " we don't want to be treated-there is no reason why we should be beholden to anybody. Paul Brion may look for Bome lodgings for ns, if he likes juBt a place to Bleep in for a night or two and tell us where we can find a nice house -that's all we Bhall want to ask of him or of anybody. We wilt have a house of our own, won't we ?-so as not to be overlooked or interfered with!" "Oh, of course!" BaidEleanor promptly. " A landlady on the premises is not to be thought of for a moment. Whatever we do, we don't want to be interfered with, Elizabeth." "No, my dear-you can't desire to be free from interference-unpleasant interference -more than I do. Only I don't think we shall be able to be bo independent as Patty toinka. I fahcy, too, that we shall not care to be, when we begin to live in the world, with other people. It Will be so charming to have friends!" " Oh-friends!" Patty exclaimed, with a little toss of the head. " It ia too soon to think about friends-when we have ao much else to think about! We muBt have some lessons in Melbourne, Elizabeth. We will go to that library every day and read. We will make our stay therfe a preparation for England and Germany and Italy. Oh, Nell, Nell! think of seeing the great Alps and the Doge's palace before we die 1" "Ah!" responded Eleanor, drawing a long breath. [ Elizabeth took oat her watch-an enormous gold watch that had belonged to an unknown grandmother-and looked at it and at tb« sea and aky. " It will be dark in half an hoar," she remarked as she tied on her hat " Aud you have yonr bread to set, Nelly dear." "And 1 want to get up early to chum," added Patty. To these unsophisticated young women there was nothing incongruous or unpoetical in this contact of ideas. They did not feel that the Doge's palace waa hurt by its association with the colonial kitchen any more than they wonld feel by and by that the charm and beauty of foreign travel were vulgarised by the existence of Cook's tour ists. ? They all rose from the grass, and stood etiU an inBtant, side by Bide, for a last look at the calm ocean which had been the background of their Bimple lives. Each was sensible that it was a BOlemn moment, in view of the changes to oome, but not a word was> spoken to imply regret Like all the rest of us who are young aud ambitious, they were ungrateful for the good things of thepresem ancttbe past, and were not,likely to undter stand bow muoh they loved the sea that, like the " nurse of Rorie Mhor," had lulled them to sleep every night since they were born. While the sound of its many waters was still in theur" ears. . " Sam Dunn is ont late," said Eleanor, pointing to a dark dot iar away, that was a glittering sail a little while ago. "It is a goodnight ioc Ashing," said Patty. And then they turned their faceB landward, and set forth on their road home. Climbinu to the top of the cliff on the slope of which they had been sitting, they stood upon a wide and desolate heath covered in all directions with a short, stiff scrub, full of wonderful wild-flowers (even at this barren season of the year), but without a tree ot any sort; a picturesque desert, but still a desert, though with fertile country lying all around it-as utterly " waste" aB the irreclaimable Sahara. Through this the girls wended their way by devious tracks amongst the bushes, ankle deep in the loose Band; and then, again "striking" the cliff, reached a high point from which they had a distant view of human habitations-a little township, fringing a I little bay ; a lighthouse beyond it, with its little Btar shining steadily through the Boft twilight; a little pier, running like a black thread through the silvery surf ; and even a little steamer from Melbourne lying at the pier head, veiling the rock island, that now frowned like a fortress behind it, in a thin film of grey smoke from its invisible little funnels. But they did not go anywhere near these haunts of their fellow men. Hugging the cliff, which was here of a great height, and honeycombed with caves in which the green sea water rumbled and thundered like a great drum in the calm weather, and like an Alexandrian bombard ment in a storm, they followed a slender track worn in the scant grass by their own light feet, until they came to a little depression in the line of the coast-a hollow set oped out of the great headland as if some Titauic monster of a prehistoric " period" bad risen up out of the waves and bitten it where, sheltered and hidden on three sides by grassy banks, sloping gently upward until they overtopped the chimneys, and witb all the great plain of the sea outspread beneath the front verandah, Btood the house which had been, but was to be no more, their home. It was well worth the money that the store keeper had offered for it. It was a really charming little house, though people had not been accustomed to look at it in that light-though it was built of roughest weatherboard that had never known a paint brush, and heavily roofed with great sheets of bark that were an offence to the provincial eye, accustomed to the chaBte elegance of corrugated zinc. A strong, and sturdy, and genuine, little house-as, indeed, it had to be to hold its own against the stormy blasts that buffeted it; mellowed and tanned with time and weather, and with all its honest, rugged features softened under a tender drapery of hardy Eaglish ivy and climbing plantB that patient skill and care bad induced to grow, and even to thrive in that unfriendly air. The verandah, supported on squat posts, was a continuation of the roof; and that roof, with green leaves curl ing upward over it, was so conspicuously solid, and so widely overspread and over shadowed the low walls, that it was about all that could be seen of the house from the ridges of the high land around it. Bat, lower down, the windows-nearly all set in rude but substantial door frames-opened like shy eyes in the Bhadow of the deep eaves of the verandah, like eyes that had expres sion in them ; and the retiring walla bore, on numerous nails and shelves, a miscellaneous but orderly collection of birdcages, flower bozeB, boating and fishing apparatus, and odds and ends of various kinds, that gave a charming homely picturesquenesB to the quaint aspect of the place. The compara tively spacious verandah, running along the front of the houBe (which had been made all front, as far as possible), was the drawing room and general living room of the family during the greater part of the year. Its floor, of nnplaned hardwood, dark with age an I wear, but aB exquisitely clean as sweeping and scrubbing could make it, was one of the loveliest terraces in the world for the view that it afforded- not the loveliest, of course, but one of the loveliest-the clear and lumi nous atmosphere of thoBe parts, so wonder fully glorifying sea and Bky, compensating for the life and variety that other points ot vantage in other climes can boast of-so our girls will maintain, at any rate, to their dying day. Now that they Bee it no more, they have passionate memories of their be loved bay, Been through a frame of rnstliDg leaves from that lofty platform how it looked in the dawn and sunrise, in the intensely blue noon, in the moonlight nights, and when galea and tempests were abroad, and how it sounded in the hushed darkness when they woke ont of their sleep to liBten to it-the rhythmic fall of breaking waves on the rocks below, the tremulous boom that filled the air and seemed to shake the foundations of the solid earth-that voice of many waters which speaks to ub as the voice of God. They have no wish to get back to their early home and their hermit life there now-they have tasted a new wine that iB better than the old ; but, all the same, they think and say that from the lonely eyrie where they were hursed and reared they looked ont upon such a scene as the wide world would never show them any more. In the foreground; immediately below the verandah, a little grass, a few Bturdy shrubs, and such flowers as could keep their footing in BO exposed a place, clothed the Bhort elope to the edge of the cliff, down the steep face of which a breakneck path zig-zagged to the beach, where only a narrow, strip ot white sand, scarcely more than a couple of yards wide, was uncovered when the tide vr is put. Behind the house was a well-kept, if rather sterile, kitchen garden ; and higher up thecliff, butstillpartly shelteredin the hollow; a very small farmyard and one barren little paddock. Through a back gate, by way of the farm yard and kitchen garden, the sisters entered their domain when it was late enough to be called night, though the twilight lingered, and were welcomed with effusion by an urU but worthy little terrier which had been bidden to keep house, and had faithfollv discharged, that duty, during their absence. As they approached the house, a pet opossum epratog from the dairy root to Eleanor'* shoulder, and a number of tame magpie . woke up with a sleepy scuffle and gathere i round her. A little monkey bear came cau tiously down from the only gum tree that grew on the premieeB, grunting and whimper ing, and crawled up Patty's Bkirts ; and any quantity of cats and kittens appealed to Elisabeth foi recognition. The girla spoke to them all by name, as if they had been so many children, cuffed them playfully fortheic forward manners, and ordered them straight* way to bed or to whatever avocations were proper to the hoar. When a match was struck and the back door opened, the opos« sum took a few flying leaps round the kitchen, had his ears boxed, and was flang back again upon the dairy roof. The little bear clung, whining, to his mistress, but was also put outBide with a firm hand; and the cats ana magpies were summarily swept over the threshold with a broom. " Brats /" cried Patty with ferocious vehemence, as she cloBed the kitchen door sharply, at the risk of cutting off Borne of their noses; " what are we to do with them ? They seem as if they km w we were going away, the aggravating little wretcheB. There, there "-raising the moBt caressing voice in answer to the whine of the monkey-bear-"don't cry, my pet! Get up your tree, darling, and have a nice supper and go to sleep." Then, having listened for a few seconds at the closed door, she followed Elizabeth through the kitchen to the sittingroom, and, while her sister lit the lamp, stepped through the French window to sniff the salt sea air. For eome time the humble members of the family weie heard prowling disconsolately about the house, but none of them, except the terrier, appeared upon the verandah, where the ghost of their evil genius still sat in bis old armchair with hiB stick by his sice. They had been driven thence so often and with eucb memorable indignities that it would never occur to them to go there any more. And so the sisters were left in peace. Eleanor busied herself in the kitchen for awhile, setting her little batch of bread by the embers ot the hearth, in view of a hot loaf for their early breakfaBt, while she Bang some German ballads to herself with an ear for the refinements of both language and muBic that testified to the thoroughness of her mother's culture, and of the methods by which it bad been imparted. Patty went to the dairy for a jug of milk for supper, which frugal meal was otherwise prepared by Elizabeth's hands; and at nine o'clock the trio gathered round the sittingroom table to refresh themselves with thick slices of bread and jam and half-an-hour'a gosBip before they went to bed. A very pretty and pathetic picture they made aB they Bat round that table, with the dim light ot one kerosene lamp on theic strikingly fair faces-alone in the little house (hat was no longer theirB and in the wide world, but so full of faith and hope in the unknowufuture-discussing thelikelieat ways and means for getting their furniture to Melbourne. That time-honoured furniture, and their immediate surroundings generally, made a poor setting for such a group-a long low, canvas-lined room, papeied with illus trations from the London Hews (a pictorial European " history of our own times"), from the ceiling to the door, the floor being with but a carpet, and the glass doors furnished only with a red baize curtain to draw against the eea winds of winter nights. The tables and chairs were of the same order of architecture as the house; the old mahogany bureau, with its braBB mounting and mul« tudinous internal ramifications, was ridicu« lonely out of date and out of fashion (aB fashion was understood in that part of the world); the ancient chintz sofa, though as easy aa a feather bed, and of a capacity equal to the accommodation of Giant Blunderbore, was obviously home-made and not meant to be too closely criticised; and even the piano, which was a modern and beautiful instrument in itself, hid its music in a stained deal case than which no plain eggof a nightingale could be plainer. And yet this odd environment foe three beautiful and cultured women had a certain dignity and harmoniousnesB about i( -often lacking in later and more luxurious surroundings-if one had but eyes sufficiently dear from the mists of conventionalism to fee it. It was in tune with those simple lives, and with the majestic solitude of the great headland and the sea. 