i " j MELBOUBNE POPULAR CON- ' . CERTS. The fourth concert ot the fourth season of the above entertainments was given in the upper hall of the Athenaeum, Thursday after noon, in the presence of a numerous audience, tne good attendance being partly due to the j unusually interesting programme which Mr. ! Guenett presented to his subscribers, but j principally accounted for by the fact that i Herr Max Vogrich was the pianist of the ; the occasion. For his solo he performed J what is generally accepted as Mendels sohn's greatest production in the form of a pianoforte composition, the varia- tious serieusfr-, op. 54. Mendelssohn, hoc- withstanding the incontrovertible fact that he was a great pianoforte composer and player, did very little towards the development of the technique of the instrument. His talent was not con spicuous in the invention of new passages, he being satisfied with himself if he expressed ! his thoughts in a clear and artistic manner. ' The composition under notice found a most sympathetic exponent in Herr Vogrich, who overcame with consummate ease and skill' the many difficulties with which this piece abounds The cantabile character of the theme was : brought out to perfection in the most sostenuto style. The variations are seventeen in number, and many of them tax the powers of the executant to the utmost degree ; they comprise many styles of playing, the whole J forming a truly colossal production. The wrist and fingers are subjected to a consider- J able strain in the performance of the work, which requires the genius of the virtuoso to ensure a satisfactory interpretation. Herr j Vogrich was particularly effective in the \ staccato passages, which were firm and distinct, but at the same time light and brilliant, j The same gentleman was associated with Mr. ueston (violin) and Mr. Hart (violoncello) in Beethoven s trio in D major, .op. 70, the result f of their combined efforts being most saciefac- toiy. The slow movement, largo assai ed ? expressive, was composed under peculiar j circumstances, .and is commonly known as ' the Ghost," on account of fh« nrimrt nf ' creation, which was as follows ; — Beethoven seated one day extemporising at the pianoforte, and being under the depressing influence of one of the fits of melancholy to 'which he was periodically an unfortunate victim, gradually became overpowered by the hallucination that ne was surrounded by spectres, which glided around him in the most mysterious manner, ile continued playiug, and afterwards, when the apparitions bad vanished, tried to write ! down the music which he had heard in his pagination during the fancied presence of his guOStiy Visitors. This. aomrHincr Or Kit nnn, ( utterances, he failed to entirely accomplish, saying that it was impossible for man u-Pi_ P paper the marvellous sounds which he had heard, but the result was the composition of one of the most vivid tone- pictures extant. This movement is in the key . miliar, .being of a most wpirrl ; throughout. The light, meteor-like passages apportioned to the pianoforte represent the rapid glming motions of the ghosts, and the evntt descending chromatic scale at the end may be said to indicate their exit. Miss Alice jxees was the vocalist, and rendered Bee thoven s V ith a painted ribbon," with great finish, but her singing of Schubert's 44 Ave iTfrf srnn? quartet obb'gato and anotorte acc ompaniment, was a real artistic I be quartet obligate is an arrange- J ment by Here Vogrich, from Schubert's piano i T Ik Jully aPPrepriate. Altera tions to the works of great masters are generally objectionable, but the workmanlike S?ISSr K? f ? .the. arranger has aoccom- pllSUfid his t&sk; is nniha « #. j justification. Miss Roes received are" 1 f" an unusual compliment at these I greater part 0f the audi. j ence being composed of ladies. Mendelssohn's I str"?g quartet m E fiat, op. 12, was well J MessS: Westn, P. Montague ! ?r rt" The canzonetta is a perfect Mendelssohman gem, being extremely delicate fire m charater- The finale is full of . and energy, and received the reauired vigour from the hands of the abovSS executants, Mr Weston particularly playing the most rapid passages with precision. The next concert takes placl 2 tiS usual hour on Thursday next. 