FIRST to be noticed amongst our artists' contribu- : tions to our pages is an effective portrayal of the ; scene at the LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE Y. M. C. A. (SYDNEY) BUILDING ' on Saturday, October 27th. The ceremony, which was performed by Mrs. Margaret Hampson, the popular lady evangelist, had been looked forward to ; with great interest by the religious world of Sydney, and was attended, by some 5,000 persons. Arrange- ments had been made for the accommodation of the general public, and a platform had also been erected for a large number of- prominent personages. The Hön. W. J. Foster, M.L.C., presided on the dais. r The proceedings commenced by the choir ..and assemblage . singing - the "Old Hundredth," after which the Very Rev.- the Dean of Sydney read a 'portion.- of Scripture, and a prayer was offered by Rev. J. Jeffries,. LL.B. Hymn "To the work" preceded the reading of a statement by Mr. John Kent, which contained the usual information as to papers and documents deposited beneath the stone, and a progressive report since the establishment of the Association in Sydney in 1853. The Hon. John Frazer, M.L.C., then presented Mrs. Hampson with a silver trowel, bearing on its blade the inscription " 'Jesus only.' " Presented to Mrs. Margaret Hampson on the occasion of her laying the foundation stone of the building of the Young Men's Christian Association of New South Wales, Sydney, 27 Oct., 1883." The. handle was of carved ivory, showing flowers and leaves in raised work. In making the presentation,' the speaker alluded to the good work done by Mrs. Hampson, and hoped that before. she returned to Sydney the building of which she was now to lay the first stone would be completed, and that its erection to the glory of God would prove a blessing to the young men of the country. : Mrs. Hampson, proceeding to where the stone, suspended by a derrick, was swinging in position for lowering, made-a most effective speech in support of the objects of the Association. She alluded to the generous donation by the Hon. John Frazer, M.L.C., of ;£z,boo to the building fund, and referred to the difficulty she had experienced in preparing a speech, for " it is one-thing to deliver a message from God, h'ut anóther to speak on a temporal subject/' She had children of her own, and felt a mother's feelings to any young man, and would wish to see all of them standing shoulder to shoulder in defence of the truth o!f Christianity. Alone the young man might feel the ejffort to do good to be too much for him, but asso- ciated with others their unity would be strength, and the)' must become a power for good in the country. Sympathy with the movement was good, but practical sympathy was what was wanted-crystallized sym- pathy, ..cash liberally given; not threepenny pieces, but an amount which would help the Association along., Old men present could doubtless remember the time when such an association would have been of inestimable value to them, and they must help out of their riches to furnish to their children that assist- ance of fellowship and communion which had been denied them. It was late in the day to praise the Associations or their labors, for in England and America they were long established. Sabbath schools are England's glory ; let this Association be-Australia's. This, as the oldest colony, should take a leading part and hold out a welcoming hand to strangers ; ships should be boarded and young men welcomed, pro- tected and assisted. Here was the opportunity-she would not call it importunity-and if the amount given by each one present bore the same proportion as her " widow's mite" did to her wealth, there would be no more trouble about the erection and endow- ment of the building. The time had gone by when ministers of religion held aloof from such associations as this; now they worked hand in hand to rescue humanity from the terrible curse that sin had brought into the world, and while they held the Cross in their into the world, and while they held the Cross in their hearts, thousands of men and women would be saved, and God would be glorified in the world. During the course of Mrs. Hampson's address, cheques had been laid on the stone to a large amount, a fact which the lady announced amid ' hearty applause, and a hymn being sung, the stone was slowly lowered into its place, and Mrs. Hampson, descending the steps, declared it, " in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy > Ghost,", well and truly laid. " This... is the moment our artist* has chosen for sketching the scene. Mrs. Hampson's comely form v and epping'features are faithfully depicted,, and prominently in the foreground are also to be seen the well-known figures of Messrs. Rowe, Vickery, and other strong supporters of the Association. The building (which, it is estimated, will cost £20,ooo, and is to be erected at the corner of Pitt and Bathurst-streets) will have a frontage to Pitt street of 60 feet and 141 feet to Bathurst-street. The lower portion of the front will bc occupied by eight shops, two in Pitt and six in Bathurst-street, the remainder of the building being devoted to the purposes of-the Association. Mr. Thomas Rowe is the honorary architect, Mr. R. Sims contractor for masons' work, Mr. W. Coleman contractor for car- penters', joiners', and finishing work, and the build- ing will oe erected under the supervision of Mr. P. Rowe as clerk of works. MR. DAVID WALKER. In the portrait accompanying the above-described illustration, New South Wales residents will recognise one of the best-known faces of their metropolis. Mr. David Walker, as general secretary of the Sydney Young Men's Christian Association, has won for himself a place in the hearts of thousands of young j men in these colonies by his unremitting efforts to promote their good; while he is no less appreciated by their elders. For about twenty years of Mr. Walker's colonial life, he was engaged in a mercantile career, in which he gained the confidence and respect of the merchants of the city. While during this time he was (as he'still remains) a prominent member of the Presbyterian Church, he was also foremost in many religious under- takings of an unsectarian character. His warm-hearted, genial nature always made him the chosen companion and leader of a band of young men connected with different branches of the Christian church. When (some five years since) the position he now occupies became vacant, a number of ministers and nearly four hundred laymen of various denominations, re- cognising Mr. Walker's "influence over young men anti his many qualifications for the management of the Y. M. .C. A., petitioned him to leave his mer- cantile pursuits, and devote his time and energies to the work with which he has since been so successfully identified. In the Exhibition year, Mr. Walker suggested and brought to a fruitful issue a series of "International" conferences on the work of the Y. M. C. A., and in other ways his endeavors have been persistent in the encouragement and development of the organization of Associations, not only in Sydney, but throughout the colonies. The movement for the erection of new premises for the Sydney Association was initiated by Mr. Walker, and to .his personal appeals are largelv attributable the pecuniary aid already afforded to the AUSTRALASIAN ANIMAL LIFE. This sketch is purely Australasian, the subjects of the artists' effort being found only in our continent and the islands in its proximity. In the upper left- hand corner will be seen the ornithorhynchus, or duck- billed platypus, a strange amphibious creature, half animal, half fish, apparently a combination of bird, beast, and. fish, for combining the habits of the latter two, its beak-like projection somewhat resembles the bill of a duck. . It is pècùliar to the rivers and fresh- water lakes of Australia, and its skin is much sought after by travellers;. . The opposite corner is occupied by a pair of wombats, the character of their accus- tomed habitat being well represented by the artist. They are marsupials, arid live on grass and herbage. Their skins are of no. value for commercial purposes; the flesh is, however, áppreciated by the aborigines. Kangaroos feeding is a sketch true to the life, the old doe, with her baby " long tail" cautiously peering out of her pouch, is enjoying a rest on the grass, her com- panion, unencumbered with offspring, is nibbling the choicest blades of herbage, whiled the "old man" is keenly watching, eye and ear intent, for the approach of an enemy which, by his questioning gaze and forward pose, one might imagine to be somewhere near at hand. The sport of hunting these animals is at times varied by the actual neces- sity for killing them, and though there is no more enjoyable sport than a kangaroo hunt, it is found needful on many stations to employ men for the purpose of killing them and protecting the cattle and sheep against starvation, which would speedily follow the unrestricted presence of the marsupial. The skin nf fhf\ bnncrnrnn hat; n marlcpt vnlnp anrl nnrtinns r>f of the kangaroo has a market value, and portions of its flesh are esteemed delicacies by people resident in the bush. The dingo or native dog, which occu- pies the lower division of the sketch, is a thorough pest, and efforts are being made to destroy the whole species in the colonies. Terrible havoc is made in sheep-yards and on runs by them, valuable sheep being killed or worried almost nightly on the larger stations, while the farmer has occasion to dread a visita- tion, not only to his sheep-yard, but his poultry house. "IN DISGRACE." This picture may very properly be termed a " speaking" one-the artist's pencil has been en- dowed in its execution with the, power of vivid reali- sation, and every line of his drawing, from the aesthetic drapery and wall- ornamentation to the profile of " Young Miss," and the sympathetic aspect of her canine comforter, bears its part in the revelation of the significance of the whole illustra- tion. The little maiden has been evidently proving her title to be considered a daughter of Eve by mis- behavior of some kind, and as a penalty, she has been deprived of. her. afternoon drive with mamma, and immured within that lady's boudoir. Her material surroundings are probably none the less repugnant to her for the time being because of their refinement ; her prison is still a prison, though a devotee of " sweetness and light" has lavished a ? thousand hours of thought (to say nothing of a; thousand pounds), in evolving its harmony with the requirements of the-aesthetic cult. As she sits, with more of pensive thought than either sorrow or anger in her young face, she is evidently indulging in a: retrospective view of the incidents which led up to. her present position, and is confiding her troubles to, old Carlo, the faithful setter, who, standing in an¡ attitude of profound attention, is endeavoring by the. fullest expression of sympathy to prove that she has at least one staunch friend left, and that, either in! sunshine or shadow, he will not desert her. With; reference to this illustration, which is drawn by Mr.. TM-» nw o f~* *-\ rrî v\ rrf r\v\ if Koo f r\ rvKcûrirô/1 fV>ní- i 4- î « . Thomas Carrington, it has to be observed that it is introduced into , this number for the purpose of de-; monstrating that in THE AUSTRALIAN GRAPHIC pro-! cess of engraving, the permanence of fine artistic^ work is secured,-and the deterioration of the "block," occasioned by its being subjected to heavy pressure in the course of printing, is reduced to a minimum.1 This consideration affects everyone interested in illustrated journalism-the publisher, the artist, the reader-for all are concerned in obtaining an equally clear reproduction of the illustrations in each number of a large issue of à pictorial newspaper. We may say that " In Disgrace" not only stood, some twelve months ago, the experimental test of publication in a large edition of the Australasian Sketcher, with- out the slightest deterioration ; but, as we have taken care to satisfy ourselves, retains all its original vivid- ness to the last copy of the present impression. THE FINISH FOR THE MELBOURNE CUP is described in our Sporting column, as is also THE OPENING OF THE VICTORIAN YACHTING SEASON. The next illustration, A SCENE ON THE YARRA, NEAR KEW, will doubtless stir up in the minds of many of our Melbourne readers memories of pleasant boating excursions up the calm reaches and round the gentle bends of the Yarra, of picnic parties whose songs had for accompaniment the musical splash of the oar and the murmur of the rippling current, and of contests between rival crews for the sovereignty of the river. The artist's work is probably a reminis- cence of one of the..first class of incidents, and if so, his pencil has beeri.no doubt aided in the faithful reproduction of the scene by his ability to associate with the spot particulars of an interesting personal nature. THE FIRE BRIGADES' DEMONSTRATION ON NOV. q. For a description of the demonstration .and its incidental events,- we . refer our readers to a subse- quent page. . . " ON GUARD." " On Guard" requires very little explanation-the picture tells the.,story¡¡ our artist having been no less happy in depicting the intelligent vigilance of the canine guardian than in the portrayal of his charge. À draft of sheep, destined for the butcher, have been . sold from the flock, and the purchaser, driving them away a short distance, leaves them in the custody of his faithful collie,-while he returns to settle up with the station-manager, and gossip, perchance; for a quiet half-hour before starting on his journey for the abattoirs. The wistful look in the eyes of one or two in the "tail" of the little flock, is indicative of a desire to be with the main body, but too well they ?: know that they cannot pass the watchful guardian, and so they " Look and long, and longing, all despair." It is no uncommon sight on the Northern 'stations , to see the shepherd walking home an hour or two before his flock have started, leaving his well-trained . dog to come after with the sheep and yard them. On one occasion the writer, whilst travelling in the \- North, seeing a flock of sheep on a plain near by, . rode across to purchase one, but on coming up to . ' them, he was surprised to find only the dog in charge. t No man nor hut was in sight, and a bargain could > not be concluded with the four-footed shepherd, in L telligent though he was. The tracks of the sheep ( led through a gap between hills in the vicinity, and, . following this, the hut was reached, and the business [ of the visitor being declared, the shepherd walked outside, and, standing on the hill top, whistled to the dog. Placing his forefeet on some of the rearmost sheep, the dog looked towards his master for further i instructions. Waving his hand, the shepherd called ? loudly, "Come on here, hurry up!" and in a very few ? moments "Sandy" had his charge in full trot, making ; for the yard, where, after a little trouble, he had them ; safely ensconced. " Now," said the shepherd, "which : one will you take ? " A choice being made by the ; writer, the victim was pointed out to the dog, and in . an instant " Sandy's" grip was on the sheep's throat. 1 Many stories are told of the affection existing between ? the shepherd and his dog, the wildest of them being ; not by any means unlikely. Often a shepherd may . , be seen on thc plains, with two or three pups in his billy-can, carrying them during the day, while out with the sheep, so that they may at intervals receive their natural .sustenance 'without-interfering:. AVith the . regular duties of their maternal relative; and, 'on the ; other hand, instances are numerous where a shep- herd's life has been saved by the sagacity and fidelity of his dog. I' "THE CHALLENGE-' COME ON ! ' " This scene is by no means air uncommon one in the life of a stockman. The lord of the herd, a magnificent shorthorn bull, has fully determined to dispute the drover's authority, and with head down, low bellowing, and an angry pawing, he is asserting his right to remain on the plain where - he was bred, and with which all his associations are connected. His ? present trouble is, however, the frequent attacks of the wary cattle dog, who immediately upon an oppor- tunity presenting itself, will jump for his ear or nose and force him to turn his head. The cautious stock horse, who has taken part in many a similar engage- ment, has just swung himself round to avoid the shock of the charge, and the stockman's whip may be seen curling in the air, prior to. giving the obsti- nate bovine a taste of its quality. The ladies of the herd are standing at a little distance, watching foi the issue of the combat, and undecided whether 01 not to take part in it. The battle is of short dura- tion, however ; the heavy stockwhip, wielded by i practised hand, falls again and again on. the bull's tough hide, and the vanquished monarch of the mol is compelled at length to turn his head to avoic ' punishment which he is all unaccustomed, to, anc sullenly submissive, he joins the other cattle, and i: driven steadily away. It often happens that ii these rough and tumble encounters with statioi cattle, stockman and horse are injured, if not killed and the novice who, mounting a stockhorse, attempt to yard or drive " scrub" cattle will learn much c horsemanship, with which in all probability he i unacquainted, for the equine quadruped in sue cases always looks out for himself, turning, dodgim and jumping just at the moment of contact with sue . unpremeditated celerity as to dispatch -the amatei stockman on an aerial journey, at the conclusion c which his common-sense suggests the advisability c going for a tree. _ ?» t_. 