CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT aBELA.") PARIS, FEB. 27. The excitement about Prince Napoleon has nearly died away. The Prince was never popular, has no following, and apparently not the ghost of a chance to being called to the head of affairs, even should France eventually set up a Third Empire. His son Victor might be chosen, but he himself is disliked and dis- trusted even by the Imperialists. Many curious stories, however, are told of the wonderful effect which the sight of the Prince, with his wonderful likeness to his great uncle, has occasionally produced on old veterans who had fought under the famous killer of men., and could never he persuaded that the nephew was not the under ho so closely resembled. This physical likeness is principally in the face, for the renowned Emperor was short, whereas " Pion Plan " is very tall and stout a large man, if not a great one. Among other instances of the excitement caused by the sudden appearance of the face which bears so astounding a likeness to the First Napoleon, is that of an old soldier who had formed part of the famous " Old Guard," and who had never been willing to believe that his beloved Emperor was dead, but, on the contrary, stoutly maintained that he was still alive, and that he would appear in France some day and again wear the Imperial crown. One day some practical jokerhasteoedtotheold soldier and told him that the great captain had really returned to France, and was at that instant passing through the streets of the I little town. The old guardsman rushed into the street, and beheld Prince Jerome with the face of his uncle, sitting in an open carriage, and bowing right and left in acknowledging the salutations of the crowd. *' Vive l'Empereur ' " cried the old fellow, wild with delight and enthusiasm, and fell back dead, killed by the excitement which had seized him on beholding, as he believed, the hope of his life fulfilled, and his idolised Emperor returned to reassume the crown and sceptre which his old soldiers, at all events, could never think of as belonging to anyone but himself. The excitement so suddenly stirred up by Prince Napoleon, and that became as suddenly transferred from him to the Orleans princes, bore its fruit in the ousting from the French army of the three princes-the i Dukes D'Aumale, de Chartres, and da Penthievore who have held commands therein, the former as general of division, the second as colonel, the third as adjutant of division. The Senate, though disapproving and regretting this arbitrary measure, which is unpopular with the army, and regretted by the moderates of all parties, has not had the courage to oppose it. The violent spirits in the Chamber of Deputies, not satisfied with the expulsion of the three princes from the army, but unable to gratify their anti-monarchical rancour by beheading or exciting the whole Orleans family, as they have openly advocated, are now agitating to procure the publication of an amnesty for the dangerous miscreants who got up the Anarchist confusion at Monceau les Mines, with accompaniments of dynamite, murder, and arson. It appears certain that a bill will be brought forward in the Chamber to this effect. A recent sitting of the French Academy, of which body the Duke d' Aumale is one of the most popular members, was brought to a sudden termination by the misdeeds of a smoky chimney, which nearly stifled the venerable collection of "Immortals" gathered in the seance hall. The Duc d' Aumale, who was presiding over the meeting, proposed that the members should go and sit in the large room in which the Academies of Sciences and Fine Arts held their meetings, but that large room was found to be so cold that none of the members dared to remain in it, and the proceedings were brought to an end by the prudent night which enabled those illustrious individuals to avoid the colds and rheumatism which they beheld in perspective. The visit of the Salvationists having been a failure in this city and in Brussels, that enterprising young ladies of the affair went on to Switzerland, hoping for a greater amount of latitude in carrying on the obstruc- tionist proceedings which meet with decidedly more patient toleration in the already overcrowded streets of London than they can succeed in finding elsewhere. But the Swiss are showing themselves prompt in the repression of the masquerading mountebanks referred to. The " Salvationists " have been made to " move on wherever they have shown themselves within the limits of the Land of Toll and Refer. Dr. Oliver, of Geneva, states that he has had to treat three cases of religious insanity, distinctly due to the unhealthy excitement produced by the " exercises " of the " Salvationists." Dr. Pialbaud, of the same town, has published a similar testimony, and warns his countrymen against allowing these unhealthy proceedings to be carried on among them. The Countess Agenor do Gasparin has published a pamphlet against the " Salvation Army " and its doings, The pamphlet is entitled " Lisez et Jugez. L'Amico, soi-disant, du Salut " (Read and Judge. The So-called Salvation Army). This pamphlet, sold at one franc, ran through two editions in a few days, and is being eagerly read throughout the country. The venerable authoress, now in her 71st year, is well-known in France, as in England and in Germany. One of her works, entitled " Heavenly Horizons," has been widely read in England, has had nine editions in French, and many in German. Her book on marriage received the prize of the French Academy, has been translated into various tongues, and went through numerous editions in each. The Countess, a native of Geneva, but having her title through her marriage with the late Count Agenor de Gasparin (son of the former French Minister, Count Adrien de Gasperi), is a zealous Protestant, which circumstance has by no means inclined her to respect or sympathy for the tactics and followers of .' General " Booth, who, to give more dignity to his self bestowed office, has had himself proclaimed in France as " Marshal 'Booth." But as " General " or " Marshal," the severely practical and keenly quizzical people of Paris will have none of him him or of his "Army. The veteran canal-cutter, M. de Lesseps, not content, with all the business he has on his hands already is now engaged in drawing up the plans of a canal across the isthmus of Malacca which, if cut, will shorten the trading journey for ships trading between the west and the far east, through the Suez Canal, by four days. The king of Siam is so warm a partisan of the canal that he has just sent to the renowned engineer his portrait, bearing the inscription in his own handwriting, " To my good friend Ferdinand de Lesseps. ' Not to be behind other countries in the race of improved communications, France is busy with the construction of an underground telegraph between Paris and Marseilles, which is to be finished in in the course of the present year; and with a project for an underground railway tunnel between Paris and Rouen, mainly for strategical reasons in time of war, although it is intended to utilise it for the development of ordinary traffic in time of peace. The French Chamber having long ago abolished religious oaths for political purposes, the French public can hardly understand the excitement created in England by the Bradlaugh affair. Men of all shades of religious opinions sat in the French Parliament, without let or hindrance on the score of their opinions, I long before England had admitted Dissenters, Catholics, Quakers, and Jews to a seat at St. Stephen's. The Senate, however, is busy settling the formula of the judicial oath which is to be taken before the tribunals. Even this oath,, however is distasteful to the advanced a' Republicans; and this party, should it ( succeed in obtaining Judges by election, will 'lose no 1 time in abolishing the oath in the administration of justice. Meantime, Paris has had a lively excitement over the discovery that a number of marriages, which were contracted in the Parisian suburb of Montrouge one day in May, 1881, are not legal ; are, in fact, no marriages at all and that the unlucky pairs rated on that occasion must go through with a how ceremony, if their union is to be totally marital and binding. The mischance in question came about as follows : The then Major of Monttonge having some mar[ riages to perform, and being unable to attend at the marrie, ho delegated, as he had the right to do, a substitute to perform the ceremony. Unluckily, either from ignorance of the law or negligence in carrying out its provisions, he sent a wrong man as a substitute. I He ought to have had himself replaced by the First Adjoint or Deputy Mayor; but instead of that functionary be appointed a Municipal Councillor who stood the -JXst on the list. But the law is formal. In the absence of the Major, the marriage must be celebrated by the Adjoint, or by one of the Municipal Councillors, in the order, of their priority. No. 21 of these gentlemen had no more power to perform the marriage owecamy that the first Ji»l9A_w]w..iduul^ have been picked JP and the street. The" irregularity has only just been discovered. The Public Prosecutor has taken up the matter, and demands of the? Paris Tribunal fr> declare the marriages in question null and void, AS such a nullification of a marriage rite, gone through with all the legal formalities, and implicitly believed to be legally perfect by the contract ing parties, may have wide reaching effect on the status of children born of these marriages and on various questions of great importance to the parties concerned, it is generally felt that it would have been wiser to have asked the Tribunal to validate them by a declaration of the bona fides of all concerned. But as the French are great sticklers for the letter of the law, it is £3 probable that these unlucky unpaired pairs will be compelled to go through with a new marriage ceremony arid patch up the status of children and any other resulting difficulties as they best can. I The removal of Wagner's remains to Munich and their interment have taken place amidst immense con- course of people. The King of Bavaria went measures to Venice to superintend the removal ; but the widow ! refused the offer of a State funeral at Wagner's 'wish, I and intended to erect a grand monument to the memory of the late composer. The death is also announced, at I Leipsic, in the 63rd year of his age, of Wolfgang Very i Goethe, grandson of the author of " Faust." formerly in the diplomatic service of Prussia, he retired over 20 years ago from active life, and settled in Leipsic, where he busied himself with scientific and literary labours.! He will be buried at Weimar, amidst the reminiscence, of his great relative. Another ball at the Elysee has come off with much eclat. Dinners and dances are now replaced by musical parties, the Lenten season having finished the usual forms of dissipation. The theatres, however, are crowded as usual. At one of them, an ingenious novelty has been added to the UFUCI attractions, unrW the name of the Marionettes Minstrels, and consisted of negro dolls, which sing comic songs, bandy jokes' and indulge in laughable contortions like their humane prototypes, following with extraordinary precision the movements of the invisible orchestra, and accompanying the dialogue with the fantastic grimaces common to Ethiopian melodies. A negro cantatrice parodies! amusingly, in a bravura air, the gestures and attitudes: of a favourite prima donna and the unknown artist who sings for the marionette behind the scenes has a mezzo- soprano voice of such remarkable purity that one naturally expects to hear it again on some more dignified stage, when this clever and diverting folly shall have run its race. Gymnastic training is about to figure for the first time as a specific item in municipal outlay for Paris schools. In 1892, the sum of 200,000 francs was allotted to it, among the general educational expenses; this year it is set down for 811,700 francs. The increase is required for the appointment of two additional Officials, a sub-inspoctoraudî» eub-inspeotress, as well as for a general increase of the present salaries and the organisation of fresh gymnastic instruction in the provisional schools. It would be well if similar gymnastic instruction could be introduced into the routine of Public schools, for both sexes?, across the Channel. The curious demand for the introduction of " suitable paintings " into the halls at the manner in which marriages are performed (duly recorded in these letters when first made, about a year ago is about to be granted and prizes are offered for a competition, which is shortly to take place, with the object of providing pictures for the ornamenting of the marriage hall at the marries. Ratepayers across the Channel, however willingly they might consent to pay for the gymnastic training which exercises so admirable an effect on the health of the young, would probably look grave if called upon to pay down hard cash for the placing of " suitable paintings in the registry offices." It is less satisfactory to have to record that a considerable addition is being made to the police force of this city. Crimes of all kinds are greatly on the in crease here ; the streets are far from being secure at night, and accidents, much too numerous, would be still more so but for the exertions of the brave fellows who fill so important a place in the affairs of the world at this time. The additional " guardians of order " now being enrolled by the Perfect of Police will raises the number of the police force of Paris to SOLO men of all grades. The Libri collection of rare books, which forms part of the Ashburnham collection now offered for sale in England, as declared by French bookworms to be not the only manuscripts formerly stolen from public , libraries in France, and sold to Lord Ashburnham. M. C Delisle, formerly director of the National Library, 1 who wrote a pamphlet on the subject in 1856, states that the Barrow collection, purchased by Lord'Ashburn him in 1819, contained about 80 volumes or manuscripts belonging to the great establishment he then directed, and that those form part of the Ashburnham collection now on sale. - The marriage of the Duke of Genoa, brother of Queen Daisy, with Princess Isabella of Bavaria, is fixed for the 16th of April. King Umberto, having but one son, and his brother having lost his claim to the Crown by his becoming King of Spain, it is within the bounds of possibility that this German alliance may give a sovereign to Italy. 