' TOWN TA K. . LE?oTnRnsE, oN FRANcs a-n,.gE FRENCOH -Last evening the Rev. Xr. Kingo ifl, of G(aning, deli vered himself of some nmirisceees connected with a visit he paid to Fraiee soon afteKthe Franco. Prussian war. The addless was giveiinunder the auspices. of the Church o, England Literary ociety, in the vestry behind the pro-UnCathedral. Considering that the address was advertised in these columne, and that notice had been extensively given of the rev. gentleman's intention to give it, we were some what disappointed at the scanty attendance, Very few members even of the society iut in an 'appear. ance, and with the exception of two or three from the families of the other ministers, a doz.n or so more must have constituted the attendance. The Reves Puddicombe, Mle Arthur, anod D'Aroy Irvine were on the platform IT is intimated for the information of the publio that the business of the Post- office Savings Bauk on Saturday evenings from 7 to 9 o'clock is tran sacted in the room at the right hand corner of the Post-office building. W~E notice that a series of pigeon matches are to take place at Kenmrore on Friday nexrt. The attendance of contestants will no doubt hbe large, and some good sport may be anticipated. A scoNLu, meoting is to be held in the insolvent estate of William John Dignam, of Gonulburn, storekeeper, here on the 19th of June. AFvPR all exceedingly sharp frost during the previous night and in the morning yesterday opened pleasantly, hobut a wind, evidently with rain in its wake, sprang up, and the day throughout wan chilly but bracing. This morning there were some smart showers of rain. MR. T. W. PARROTo'H design for the new build ings for the Australian Mutual Investment and Bnilding Society in Auburn-street has been no enpted. Thie frontage is 26 feet 7 incbho, and the building is to be two sboreys high, compri.ingb6th shops and offices. WE understand that Bishop Selwyn, who has recently returned from Norfolk Island, ivll --givJ an account of the Melanesian Mission in this city :on Friday evening. Where the lecture.will be de livered is not yet announced. ON Sunday morning the Bishop of Goulburn held an ordination service in the Pro-oathbedral. The congregation was a very large one. The Revs J. 1\. G(ribble, i. IH. Christie, and J. Studds, prle sented by the Rev. Canon Owynne, were ordained priests, \and Mr. Jas. MoArthur was ordained deacou. The Rev. C. Kingsmill. .preached the sermon, and the Ven, Archdeacon Puddicombe as. sioted in the service. ': ..'... -:.i NEXT Thursday the ceremony of opening the new Oddfellowss Hall will: take plan aittweOlv. o'clock noon. The members. of ...tho following friendly societies preceded by the Premier Band will form in.prooession and parade throught the city. The' societies to take part hre :-Vic?teria and Strangers' Friend Lodges of Oddfellows, i.U., :Argyle Lodge of Grand Uniteo Order of Oddfellows, Belmore Lodge No. 10 ProtestantAlliance Friendly Society, Nos. 83 and 61 L.O.L., CoaulburnDivision Sons of Temperance, United Arcient Order of Druids. After the procession the opening ceremony will be performed, and a three days' bazaar will be commeoeed. Every effort has been made, and no doubt the whole affair will be a most pronounced success. AT the Police Court this morning, beforo Mr. Vnos, Thomas Grenfell was charged on suspicion of being of unsound mind. Constable Cochrane de posed to arresting the defendant between 9 andl 10 o'clock last night in Bourke-street; he had nothing but his trousers on and was talking very incoherently; he was induced to put on his clothes and arrested; he had £25 .s 9d in his possession, and threw his purse upon the ground; the money was secured; he said he came from Naranderra, and had a bank book from that place. He was remanded until Mlonlday next for medical treat ment.-An old man named John Fitzpatrick, 65 years of age, wans, as a vagraunt, sent to gaol for 7 days, pending an order for his admission to the asylumn. Mr. Garter appeared for the defendant in the case 'of Reniy. Payten v. Charles Kercher, for trespass, to hear judgment. Mr. Voss dismissed the case. .Hei considered the defendant had been guilty of great impertinence in so placing his horses in plaintiff's grounds without using the key he was specially enjoined to obtain. He had no right to break into the paddock in that way, and had de fondant been personally present he would have reprimanded him severely. Case dismissed. Mn. IlENI:Y PAYTEN has arranged for a special train to start from Goulburn at 7.40 a m, for the excursion to Yass on the Queen's Birthday. At Yass a pigeonumatch, foot-race, and athletic sports will take place; and a nmost enjoyable outing is ex pected. The return train leaves, Yass at 8 o'clock. p.m. THE doctrine of the Trinity is one whlich evokes in all thinking minds much hesitating ?ontroversy. The reasons. for and against the. theory .being accepted are strong and bold on either side, asnd any now thoughts upon the subject are invaluable as far as they extend. Having deeprooeted interest in this mysterious question, asid noticing an intima tion in the paper that the subject would he treated upon at St. Nicholas' Church by the Rev. 1. M. . D'Arcy Prvine, we took the opportunity of listen ing to his discourse upon this momentous qdeetiion. T'Ihe rev. gentleman preached from 6th Deuteroiiomy 4th verse, and we cannot but heartily conigratulatte him upon the great success attending his'treatment, of this abstruse question extemporaneously. He showed us undeniably that he was convinced, and had the firmest~'foundation for hogling of further convictions, of the fact that the Christian rievelationr proved that there was quite asuim ofl the philoso\ pher as of the practical bearing in the thbught that' the Godhead's' namo was Father, Son and HBoly Ghost. By exercising thought'"addd reasoning and: emplo oing deep research be demonstrated that'there was more in this than in the Hebraic view of a bare monotheism. Pantheism was shown in its proper light-a light reflected upon it showing an abject hyper-heterodoxy, and heterodoxy in its un qualiied and universal sense. The premises wero accurate, the argument sound, and the conclusion most complete. IN the supreme court on rniday the case of Beattie v. Wardell came on for hearing. The defendant' William Wardell, who had been arrested at Goulburn.on a writ of attach ment for having refused to convey the property in question, and had been brought before the Court on Tuesday, wrote a letter to the Court, refusing to sign the conveyance. . Mr. Knox applied for a2 vesting order as an alternative course. His Honor granted the order as prayed. THE CELEBRATED' NEW DAVIS WTG MACHINE, awarded the certificate b and. H. Society's Show just held, 'tained at 0. FURNER AND SoNS, o-1Agents, Sloane and Bradley Streets. Ti ne payment or liberal discount for Cash.-ADv. LIFE-SIZE "PHOTOGRAPHS.- Any picture nlarged to LIFE-SIZE, from 40oupw$ra'; executed in colours or Indian ik rize .medal Melbourne Internatipai tion 'R..CASPERS, Auburn-street, 'epposite Royal iHotel.-ADv. i At' Eagleliawk two youths brutally as sailted'?holigh unprovoked, a man over 7o years old. His cries attracted notice ini th Chinese camp, and a number of the inmastes captured the offenders, and gave tliem up t the police. :t A deal of excitement took place on the Adelaide racecourse on Saturday last by tlhe forcible removal of Joe Thompson, book maker, for refusing to pay the license fee to the club. Thompson was afterwards allowed to return and continue betting. He intends bringing an action against the committee for his expulsion, as he is advised that the course is an open park, land lessee having no power to enforce a fee or expel any one from the grounds. On Saturday moruing a deputation, ap pointed at a meeting of second class teachers under the Department of Public Instruction, hid an interview with the Hon. G. H. Reid, and brought under his notice a number of grievances. The Minister promised to give the matter earnest consideration, but said thiat, with regard to proposals involving extra expenditure, he would have to keep in view the.large amount of public money that was voted in support of education, though at the same time he had every desire to remove any grievance from which teachers suffered. A young man named William Earl, residing at 'Barnawarthia, near Wodonga, whilst pro ceeling to his hoine a night or two ago lit a fire against a tree for t!he purpose ot iarming hiinself. He subsequeritly fell asleep along side' of the tree, which fell upon him, causing insiantaneous death. 