TIPS FOR TO-MORROW. BY TVATOH 'EM.' Tho Victorian Trotting Glub'a meetings at Elatornwiok Bark bavo now booomo eo ox- tromcly jiopalar with :tho gonoral, public, that thoy dcaorvo raoro " tiion n passing uotico in tho oolnmns of Tith Herald, ond accordingly it is my iutontion id tako fur ther notico of thorn by always giving my ' toodeni tho benefit of what I kuow myself con cerning tbo probabiJitios of any of thoboreo going, It waa nt first expected that the Elatorn wiok traok muotiopH would be of a very low order— in faofc gate' nuraefc mootiftgs, nnd it' in . therefore . all , the moro ploaring to ohrouiolo tho faot that tho super-excnllont conduct of tho stewards antl their secretary, Mr R. J, Gibney, has raised it to tho prcnlige of a really first class mooting- It Is too much to expect that tho mind of an Australian public can bo educated immediately ' to tho boautioa of trotting In tho same dogma as our American cousins havo' taken to this sport, but there is no gainsay iug tho fact that tho trotting races at Ehternwiok aro rapidly bocoming moro popular every day— and no wonder oithor, whan we find Australian sportsman devoting so mnoh money to procure tho boat blood obtain ablo in tho States, and also bringing out Yanboo trainers to odncatc tha young trotters wo bavo howover rather to look for brooding aomo trotting young.tor, for whon wo can pro ducoa trottor that will mako tho moat wondnrfd performances in Araorioa appoar only of a vory mediocro character, thon way wo oxpoat tho national Bpirit of Auotraliana to. riao to th occaaion; for omulation of tho dooda of no olda country > in n gront point in tbo honrta and roinda of nil Anatolians. Aa It ia, howovor, tho atriot ond oromplary conduct of tho officiala of tho Victorian Trot ting Club ia rapidly bringing tho aport Into groator favor. It waa cortuinly a wieo rosolv'p ou tho part of tha axocutive to includo runnintr and juwpiug rnosa, na eiuco thoy deoidod to do'iao, a. groat and porcaptibio increaeo in tbo attoodnnca baa boen a marked foaturo of tho weotiuga, To- morrow tbo prooeediuga open with THE MAIDEN TROT. | Tho distance of tLia rnco ia two miloa right off, with no lmlf dozen boats ncceacary to dccido who obull ba wiener. I ploco thorn— AUSTRALI-V i HAl'FY JACK o ' WASP.... 3 : Tbo noxt ovout on tbo card ia the PURSE FOR 2.55 CLASS. ' Thio raco will bu run in two- mile boats, and aa thoro are olght horsaa now loft in, tho do- ciaienof thoraoa may bo doferrod until tho romaindor of tbo programme baa boon ran through. For plaooa I liko— DICK x . MAID OF MONA "" ".Z = 2 LITi'LB DICK...., 3 j I must paaa by tho 'Sailing "Raco aa boing of too uncertain a character to meddle with, and tton I como to tha TWO-YEAR-OLD HANDICAP ' of 40 aovo., dUtanco flvo furlongs. My aolac tionn in thin ovoot are— : THE KIKG'S SON x : NYMPH o , . HOPETOWN Z.Z.Z. il I THE VIOTORIAM T-O- HAMDICAP ia tho bonoo tioncho of tha mooting, It io jubt of that vory popular distance which- the ma jority of horaea can manage, viz., a milo, aud tho club addo 50 aova to tho otako. At tba woigbta my pioforooco gooa for— THE GHOST i COOKEENA g ' QUEEN MAllY 3 ; Tho last numbsr on tho day'a ourd ia THE HURDLE RAOE drstanco ono milo and throo quartarr. I wanted, I place thom thusiy— NAPOLEON 1 j MAID of tho VALE 2 'I EANGA .3 