It is With V" fo 'g no d Tilnamirn +.W, nr« ooe that there IB a possibility or the infamous open gambling which is now carried 011 being suppressed Professor Hearn having brought in a Bill m tlio Upper Chamber to amend the law relating to the Suppres sion of Betting and Gamm" Houses Our readers know our opinion upon the subject, which is that there would bo few victims if d< coys were not bo numerous and few pounds invested m sweeps if newB papers did not g ve the utmost publicity to these tiaps for the unwary It is humiliating to think that an the news paper press of the colony which should exist for the purpose of protecting and not conspiring against the welfare of the community, gamblers s vmdlers rogues and 'vagabonds have found their most trusty and cffic ent ally It is with some degree of pride that -we cau state that when we had arrived at this conclusion we gave tli e best possible proof of our sincerity ins ttackingbettingandgambhng , andijespecially <thst hateful form of .the •latter'-kaown as the sweep by-refusing to insert advertisements which tempted weak and silly fools to lose their money by offering them foitunes for a pound or half-a-orown as the case might be. • Though the example was. not followed, and papers are to be found in every town willing to hold out baits for the thoughtless by diBplayina in their largest type the glittering prospectuses of Bourkeetreet swindlers, we are glad to know that the action we took was m Bome degree beneficial. At any rate such arguments as our ability led us to level aeainst gambling were strengthened by the fact that we did not denounce tho evil with one hand and with the other accept a share in its proceeds. No more striking picture of Satan, reproving am could be devised than. 13 presented by public journals which affect a high-toned morality while their columns are occupied by advertisements designed to lead men and boys into temptation of a deadly character. However, that which we voluntarily did. Dr Hearn s Bill proposes to compel others to do. It seeks to enact that the measure shall be construed as one with the Police Offences Statute- 1865, and provides that " where any letter, circular, telegram, placard, .handbill, card, or advertisement is sent, exhibited, or published, whereby it is made to appear that any person, either m Victoria or elsewhere, will, on application, give information' or advice for the purpose of or with respect to any sucli bet or wager, or any such event or contingency asis mentioned in the Act of the Parlia- \- ment of ^Victoria No. - 424. : or will makeon behalf ol any other person, any such bat or wager as is mentioned in the said Act j or'with intent to induce any person to apply to any house.. office. room, or to any person, with the view of obtaining information .or advice for the purpose of any, such bet-or wager, or witu respect to any such.event or contingency as is mentioned 111 the said Act: or inviting any person to-make or take any share in or in connection with any such bet or wager- 13very person sending, exhibiting, or publishing, or causing the same to be sentexhibited, 'or published, shall be subjected to the penalties provided in the tenth section of. the said Act with respect to oftences under that section " This is precisely-what is needed. Take away the element of publicity, and the monster sweep system falls to the ground But so far as.the --advertising is con-• cerneditis a reflection upon the newspaper press of the colony that a law should he needed in order to prevent it from lending itselt to men whose operations are as vile as those of the three-card men on the racecourse, or the pickpocket who' plies his vocation in the crowd. The best thing the Assembly can do is to confess that hitherto it has not grappled with the difficulty 5n a successful manner. and to pass Dr Hearn's Bill with what speed it ; can. We understand ' that the Rev M Kiordan has announced his intention of resigning his position m connection-with tht Sale Presbyterian Church. The recently formed bicycle club is in a flourishing condition, the members' list now numbering 34. while several others will be proposed at the next meeting which will bring the number up to about 40\. Several of the. members have purchased new .machines: .•-'• '." Accounts are.at the receipt and pay office, Sale, . for Z. Burton. A.. Beaver- M. Dabine, D. B. Morgan. J. Terry: - T- Ihompson, P. Costello. B. Riggall. 0. l)u Ve acd J. Orr. and a lease for J. A. In connection with, the pigeon shooting Match on tho 1st pros., we are requested to state that entries for/the Handicap will close at 12 o'clock on Monday, the 30th mat Entries for the Champibn "Stakes * 1 be retired upio 11 am tntneoiv of the match ZEntnes must be addressed to the Secretary Gun-Club Sale Mr James Shields a farmer residing at otiadbroke, died 'suddenly yesterday morning, between lime and ten o clock Without medical attendance The de ceased was fifty years of age and had been complaining for the last week of cramp hi the stomach.. There were no death' 0 " 8 circumstauces attending his On Sunday the eleventh, Anniversary of establishment of a church of the i«mitne Methodist denomination in bale was celebrated when the Bev W H .Walton.preached both morning and even- , n S- . Last night a public meeting was "c d in the church, which has been renovated throughout repainted and greatly improved by the introduction of gas wierp was a good attendance, the church oerng well filled The speakers were the Wave W. H Walton M Dyson W S £cgui and Tranter The former gave a Brief but interesting sketch of the history * P' 16 "runitive Methodist church m Vic and also of its progress m Sale «nce the establishment of achur h here r™e hymns w«re very nicely rendered »y the choir and at the conclusion of the meeting a collection was made to assist in oeiraying the expenses attendant on the recent improvements to the Church The Herald of Saturday night contains ^ account of an invention said to have ZrMade by a Russian at present re Ming in Melbourne which by the adap a burner liolding-certa n chemi W J , on&ancy; of ordinary gas ss m bijed to a Fuipnsms degree and ^ "^tproauced^rillia.ii be\ond meisure " I s .fPBMally^ted for street digMmg '"i lhccosc ,s small A piMic ten is! Visitors to the last Sale Turf Club races will be pleased to hear that Mr Malone, ojE the Swan hotel, Latrobe Bridge, has secured the grand stand booth and cater-; ing at the forthcoming, race-meeting, on the ;2nd August. : Those who visit the course can therefore rely 011 getting an excellent lunch, and having every attention paid to their wants. \- In view of the near approach of the winter race-meeeting of the. Sale Turf Olub, Messrs English, Little and Co, on Saturday, disposed, by auction of the right to levy tolls at the grand stand and gate, and also the right to the publicans! and fiuiterers booths The bidding for the stand not coining up to the reservo, the club retained it m their on n hands, but the out ide gate was purcha ed by Mr W Putt ck for £25 Mr Malone will hare the inner booth having purchased' the right for £8 10s the outside booth being sold to Mr Fmegan for £11 10s. The two fruiterers booths were disposed of for £7 16s The right to gra7o the Greenwattle racB course was disposed of by auction on Saturday afternoon by Messrs Engl si , I lttle and Co the purchaser having the option of making the arrangement for; one two or three years Mr Brown of the Albion hotel was the highest bidder and purchased the right for £90 per.; annum and decided to graze th course'' for three years A correspondent who has read tho in - formation we gave regarding the culture of the osier willow in our last issue wishes to know where to obtain pome Our cor respondent has apparently overlooked the fact that the cultivation of the basket willow is not likely to be payable as there; is no special demand the willow m fact bemg superseded by a rattan wh ch is im ! jroitedtoiarge:quaatihesSrom:<2ueenslanda However, if our correspondent: wishes to embark m the industry, we will endeavour to procure the requisite information Mr W. H. MeWilliam. the inspector, of ; sheep . in this district, reports • that the sheep continue free from scab. • '•-.• At the meeting of the agricultural, society on Saturday afternoon. Mr T. F- Legge announced his intention of present-; ing a special prize of £1 Is. to the first finished prize taker in the youths class, at the forthcoming ploughing match.. The particulars of the Champion Stakes, to be run .under.the auspiceB of the .1* 01th Gippsland Coursing club on the 8th and 9th August.: will be found in another column, and in vie w of the liberal prizes.; both in money and mtrophies. a considerable number of entries ouelit to be received. The stake ib for an unlimited number of all-age dogs, the property of members of any recocniBed courBmg club, at three guineas each. Should 32 entries be received, the prizes will be as follows :— Winner. £35 and the Glenroy - trophy, valued at twenty guineas, the gift of the Hon. Wm. M'Culloch : runner-up. £20 and Bilver dog collar, value seven guineas, presented by Mr S. Drakeford. Fosterstreet : third and. fourth dogs £10 each : and four doss £5 each.. In the event of more or lesB • entries bemg received, the prizes will be pro rata. Nominations will be received by the hon. secretary. Mr. J. Swan, at the Koyal Exchange Hotel, up tn 4 p.m. on Saturday, the 4tli Auguat. Dngs must be named.. and the draw will. take place at the :B.oyal Exchange Hotel at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, the 7th August. The courBing will take place over the Powerscourt and Boisdale estates, by the kind permission of their owners. The Winter Steeplechase Meeting of the V.R.C. took place on Saturday at jFlemington. and was a great success. The weather was very fine, and there was. a numerous attendance m all parts of the enclosure. The gathering on .the lawn and m the paddock was much larger than usual, and included -a fair number of ladies. The, arrangements were, as usual, all that could be desired, and notwithstanding the programme contained: half-a-dozen events. isitors were enabled to reach town: shortly^ after 5 o'clock. The racing, opened with; the MaideaHurdle Race, for which Ontario was made a great -favourite. - He. however, only managed to get third place, being defeated by The Joker -and Belle ; Brandon, who were first and second res- : pectively. The Maiden Steeplechase was won by Shamrock, with Speculator second. = the only two horses that got round without a mistake. Hope, the favourite, although he baulked at the first, fence and-? fell when neanng home, secured third place. The. Grand National ,; Hurdle brought out a field of eight horses, and Prospect maintained the premier position, in the betting, leaving the paddock at H; to 1. He was. however, badly beaten, and failed even to -obtain a place,.' Dizzy, winnmsrather easily, with Bhesus second, and Basilisk third. Eleven horses faced, the starter for the ©rand National Steeplechase. Sailor had the call in the betting, although Australian Court and Lizette were freely supported.. the former for -a large amount;- Several mistakes were made, and eventually Blackthorn won. with.Sailor -and Black Jacket filling the, places. The Selling Hurdle Bace was won by Sunlight, but as the jockey was a quarter of a pound short weight the - race was given to Wild Harry, who finished; second, and Stormbird. who. was - third, was placed second. Twenty-three horses started for the Flat Race, -which .was earned off by Virago, with Bonnie Beesecond, and The Ghost third. During the day an unfortunate accident occurred by which a young man named A.. .M-Icnis was killed.. He was riding Chrysalis m the Grand National Steeplechase, and had safely -, negotiated' fall the obstacles until. reaching the stone wall by the railway m the second round. The horse struck the wall and came down, falling right-across M'Innis chest.- ^ He was .picked -up insensible. aud at once.conveyed to the casualty room, and, attended ;to by ! Mr James and two other medical gentlemen, , but he died m a few minutes; and without recovering consciousness. He was known as a steady and well-conducted young,man,. and the support of Jus widowed- mother. Mr L. L. Smith made a collection m her aid. and succeeded says, the Argusm .obtaining j£100 14s 6d Further subscrip tions will be received by Mr Smith A football match was .played onjSaturday, afternoonhptween-thP'Oomet and Moon rlighl'chihs:swluchsxegulte3.«ttaiwell«amed; victory for the former by S -goals and 8 behinds to the latter s 4 behmds At about lialf-paot,2 B-elockrtho-players^Jiad and at 3 o clock play was announced to ^commence The Comets won the toss and decided to kick towards the south end Tor a while the play on both sides was about equal and it was thought that the, first half was -going to -pass over without, a-| goal. being scored; on neither side-; but Macdonald put adifferent aspect on afifairs. • he receiving a mark from one of his men and with a splendid long-drop lodged , the ball between the posts At 4 o clock halt; time was called and the score st od. thus —Comets 1 goal 4 behinds Moo lights, ml. ©n- reBuming -the - game, the' Moonlights kept the ball well up to the : Comets - goal posts, iut only -mauage& to score a few behinds The Comets then: forced the ball up to the north end that being the way they were lacking tijien Barry managed- toacore a-seeond goal for theComets.-Atthisstagethegamewas gomg greatly-inffavourof-thejGometsaand their opponents seeing that tliey had the ;best,o£it. played veryrecHessly loft their places and nearly ell became followers ! • This only -gave the other side a better chance and takwig^dvantage of it nand playing well together -the managed to ecofe three more ^goals before -time was' h called Mr <3 £ Whiietoaij. officiated af.ceniial umpiie ana Messrs J. H<Jtand JMCcCole as goal Umpires The^most pro jmineiit players-on Siefliae%I the €omet ^ ^ iwere Wynd loyoa Trimble andifflac Donald the last mentioned alone kicking 4 coals out«f «the 5 thkt&wre; ltifcked ana oilthe-side"*of the ^toonlights Beeves, OA Dowall, Wishariand Oampbell There 3WB a good-^ffteEdanofi of spectators and the game throughout wa placed with -the Utmostigoodieehng-andharinony -on Jioth judes wMgag Miss Mary Eobinaon, alias Stewart, -alias M'Haffie, • a - m ost " accomplislied swindler, who- succeeded in victimising tradespeople .and -other residents of Sale about -the end, of 1881, : has received a temporary icheck,, and : a warning which ought to prove salutary. At Echuca m May last; -she was sentenced to six months-;, imprisonment, with hard labour, for passr ing valueless cheques, and committed for trial ona charge of obtaininc goods unde-: false-pretences. OnFndaylast,attheSand hurst- assizes, slie-was found guilty, and having admitted two previous convictions,; w_as_sentenced to be imprisoned for a terniof three years two weeks of the second and fourth months to be passed in solitary confinement cumulative on the sentence he b now undergoing The p isoner completely "broke down when the sentenc 3 was given and had to be carried out Mr W Latham of Nuntin announce 3 his intention of offering himself as i candidate for the representation of tin south riding of the Shire of Avon at the forthcoming election On the northern lines 25 trucks of cattlo. will be conveyed to Melbourne to day on the north eastern lines 65 on the western lnes 1, and on the eastern lines 63 making 154 in all or about 1600 head jf cattle trucked tor to morrow s market m addition to those which may have tra veiled T1 e Marian Will s Dramatic Company re appeared at the Victo 1a Hall last nigl t, when Leah the Forsaken was pro ; duced the peiforman e beinc fir the benefit of the Ladies Benevolent Society , The house was crowded and the perform: ance went with the usual smo tliness : The receipts were £42 15s 6d half of which after expenses are paid goe to the Benevolent Society To night the company will make their final appearance when a double hill wdl bepresented. consisting.of v The- Eighth Wonder of the World.and by special, request. - Pygmalion and Galatea. " -On . Wednesday and Thursday evenings the company wdl perform at JEtosedale. :and then proceed to Traralgon. and we strongly urge our readers m these townships not to fad to see this most clever and accomplished company. At the Stratford police court yesterday morning, before Mr A. W. Ho Witt. P. M.. and Mr W Little J P John Dryden was charged at the instance of the inspector of licensed premises with selling liquor without a license. The prosecutor deposed that he went to the defendant's house, on the 2nd; .Tune last, and was served with a glass of-brandy, for which he paid 6d in the presence of the defendant to. his wife Eliza Dryden. . The bench inflicted a penaltv of £25. m default .distress, and m default of distress, one month s imprisonment in the Sale gaol; all liquor and vessels containing the same to be forfeited. The license of the Swan Hotel. 1 : Stratford, was transferred from Thos. tJurran to Joseph Egberts. The electoral revision court was-also held, at which the rolls for the Stratford division of the electoral district of North Gippsland were revised and adopted. . It appears that hop-growing is on the increase in America as well as in Victoria, as the following extract from the New York Tribune shows Three or four facts will give an idea of the extent of the hop: craze in Central Now York. Best farms adapted to this plant are selling for SOOdolB. or more per acre is the winter s receipt of poles at Waterville was 364 carloads : roots, generally given away. : bring now 5 dols. a bushel. It is to be regretted that some are leaving for this doubtful specialty, the sure and useful productiveness of mixed farming. - : MessrsC.- Mackmtosh and -Co. will sell to, morrow at Sirs rWngglesworth's yards. -Toon gabbie, bullochs. cows.,steers, heifers. &c.; , Messrs R Maekay and Co. wdlseUibulIocks; Steeris, and -heifers at Morwell to-dav.' They will also Bell-to-morrow -at their yards. .T0011- ®aJjbie;buUookSi «ows.«teers. and heifere. aiwj forrMeesrs ,-Mohne and-Kinpr ,a number "of -drauqht horses. &c.;: particulars of which can be seen .an the,id vert1., em ent: - ' • . : The advertisement -of the New Zealand Accident Insurance Company will be found 111 another column. - The Gippsland agency is at 31ayBiond-street, Sale, and Mr. J, Smith .is the agent. < 