"VEIt miLKONIG." By M.\unioK/J. Blounx. Frkxty Annie Weston had just finished that lovely song " Dcr Erlkoriig." Tho "Thank Yous" and/1 O how Lovelys" had bron murmured in tho tonos of rapture usual on suoh occasions, and had been more or lose blushingly rccoivcu, whon somehow, 'by ono of tlioso Btrango turns which no ono can. account for, the conversation driftcd'to . tho eubjcot of Imagination and tho effect it has on actions, and from that to Conscicncb: There wero! a dozen of us in. tho room, a friond and myself staying witU Mr. Weston; a few ladies and gentlemen who: hnd 1 just dropped in ,t,o spend tho cvoning,- and tho family; : - . ; . . The discussion bccamo goneral, and ovcry- ono had somo opinion to advance. As the subjects are necessarily vogue, in about ten minutes wo had 'oxhausted qlDwo did know about them ; and thon, as somobody nays, wo soared into the freo and boundless: realm of what wo did not kuow.n "Wo argued Jngh; we argued low; wo also argued round about us," and as ovcry ono had a different theory on tho question in hand, and tho ones with tho most unreasonable, idea' were the most vchomont in expressing thorn, wo woro very far from arriving at a satisfactory conclusion. At last after many, arguments on all Bides, Will Smith was demonstrating forcibly to his own very ovident satisfaotipn;that imagina tion is nothing in tbp prrM but disordered digestion, and- conscience synonymous with Inactive liver, and that a judicious courso of exercise, viohy water, abstinenco from , tea and other exciting bovcrages, would, enable a man to walk through. a graveyard at mid night without taking a cow for a ghost — the advantago of whioh is obvious — or enable him to run a mail through, rob a bank, misma nage railways; or break tho wholo decalogue without feeling any of those -uncomfortable priokings knowri as the pangs of conscience, tho advantages' to which,' to tho' world at largo, are not quite so' Obvious.'1 Just .then old Mr/pinton,:who had listened with an attention very -flattering- to tlio' apenkers, drow his chair forward -from tho- eorner whoro ho had! boon sitting quiotly all1 tho evening, and said:— "I am sorry that I cannot agrco with you, Mr. Smith. I am an old man now. Perhaps if l had been born in' an " advanced ago " an advantago which you possess, I might havo hold your views, but as it is I ain olu-fashioncd enough to bo- Hove tbat -oonsoioneo has been divinoly im planted in our breasts for our guidance, and that imagination is a distinctive, faculty . of mind or brain— it is difficult "to 'dotermino which— capablo 0! greatly ennobling u's if it 2s proporly regulated. ; But in tho regulation of it lies the dlffioulty. Tlio song Anhio sang a little whilo ago, and tho rcoent conversation;1 call to any, romorabninco a rathor 'peculiar incident whioh has some bearing' on tho subjeot that wo have all been speaking about. I say it is peculiar not because there is any thing very strange about it, but beoauso it! is uncommon. I think I heard of a similar coso before, but this is tho only ono that camo nndcr my own observation." . / .: Tho old gentleman paured, and amid raur- murs of "go on please," ho continued : 1 "Eight -years ago when I was living at Borunga I was a magistrate thorc. My surgery and dispensary wcro in tho township, but our dwelling-house, which had plenty of land attached, was on tho Sandhurst road, about two miles and a half from Bcrunga. I generally returned homo about six, and my son who was my partner, -re mained at tho surgery. J had just comohomo ono evening, and was dressing for dinner, when tho door-boll rang, and Jane, tho house- maid, informod mo that a gentleman wished to speak to me. " Somo patient," I thought, " who will ex patiate on his symptoms, ad nauseam. I wish people would not come ot dinner- time. Howover, there is no help for it." Then aloud to tho girl : " Tell your mistress not to wait dinner for mo, and show tho gentleman into tho parlor." In a fow minutes I entered tho room whoro I had told Jano to show the stranger. , a iiu>uuwt i/uu |Muasmo— a oegiin, as no roso on my entrance. "My name is Henry Harper," said ho quietly, than earnestly and impetuously — " You are a magistrate ?" - I bowed and waited, feeling very uncom fortable, for Mr. Henry Haipetwoaivstrange- lpoldrig, inaivof- about 'five and thirty, very tall, very, thin, deadly: palo, with dark hair and unpleasantly piercing black eyes. . ' J' You must think it very strange, sir," ho said, " but: I cannot— I will not offcr any apologies. I did not oomo bore of my own . free. will. I was impelled to -it, driven to it by thpt which, haunts.- mo night and day; waking, '..sleeping whon, I ..can. sloop j every where I go and in everything I :do.>. 1 hoar it now. . Oh, God, my punishment is more than I can: bear 1!! Ho- nearly shrieked out tho last words, and covering his face with his hands — " You miutt. hear .the voice," said he, it is louder than tho roar of thunder." My face must have :botrayed',my very Btrong - doubts as to hfo sanity, for ho said ' quietly, almost sadly : : " You think that I am inod. , . I am not. I sometimes wish I were, then , at intervals I should believe that the sounds, whioh haunt mo are unreal, but no, T am not mad, arid I shall hear them till I dio.! I Havo come to you, as- a magistrate, to make a confession, in the hopes of obtaining peace from Heaven; and enjoying a moment's Tespito from tho horror that hangs over my life." Here he spoke quite cbllooteaiy,; and not at all like a madman. . / ' ' "You look ill | let1 mo feel, your pulHO. I- ama dootor," said I!' Ho did look ill, very ill. I felt bisrpulso. ' It wis , . perfectly regular and normal, not at/airfoyGrish,' His hand was very cold, hut not unnaturally so ; his eyes, too, though so peculiar /And piercing; had nothing of that wild, shifty arid uncertain gazo of a madman.- 'Thoy woro merely the ; oyesiof a person 'suffering '' groat' mental knxioty.''; In his whole bearing, however, there was a most extraordinary expression; oho that I never— novor saw bofore 6reit(Cc, arid whlchT conldnot'dcQno forshmnftrhii - \ a» his head whilo tho hall clook/a veryloud one; struck sovori.tho aftitudo'gavo irio'h'key io' the oxprossiori,- it was that of llstem'titf, never ceasing listening/ as .if every Hmb hrid musolb and nerve woro employed in it continually. Tho whole expression of face and body was a concentration of tho powor of all-absorbing listcnirig. 1 - ' But as for as my medical1' oxperienco could' show,' ho1 was satiq enough. Hpwovor,- 1 heartily. wished that Ho' would make hdstewUh what hohad to say, arid gd; / ; . , 't I felt I.could spced thfo parting guost with d great deal of pleasure., ; » : . j. >< Although I. was anything but au'-injegina-i tivo man— rather mateo.f-faot than other- wiBC7--r,foH, there, was, as. tho Scotoli say, something " qpcauny ahjqut.'hiy visitor. ..He went on, . .. ... /i .;,v/' ; / ;il , " It was an ovil day that Lever left Englandr I was an only sou.. My father and .1 qunr-! rolled so violently that:I loft homo that might and England tho. next day., .This was ton years ago. My, poor mother, it. broko hor heart.; I killed her with my violcnco and evil temper! I stabbed her to tho heart as certainly as though I had used a weapon. . . , . / I landed in Melbourne, and as tho. gold fever was otill lingering about, I joinod several others who woro going to tho Borunga " rush." In tho couriio of a few months thoso with whom I had "originally come to Borunga all left, ana 1 settled do.vn witn a.-young fellow whose acquaintance I formed there. He scorned to bo quite alone. So was I. And mutually .attracted, \re bccamo ". matcti.": ? ! , Frank, Glynn -,wqs a hdndsomo. foUow and so , amiabfo; and' olover, I mover, cpujd,. under-; derstand wiiy horomEunei hidden at Berunga.. I supposo it .was, family disagreements'..; Ho. had a splendid :voicp, and, what wasiratjion strange in those dqye.orid1 in suoh a place, it. ivaa nearly always. German, songs ho sang—. Ah,I.lqyed him fcherir/ .. . ! 1 :t My.visitor had taken a soat -while saying this,- and- spoke 1 in suoh . a contained, pelf-. posoescodi way,/ and .as "> there, ao'emed- to - bd nothing very? startling in what ho wok tolling, I settled dowp half expecting to hear rather a- prosy storyi; i but still the /listening— tho in tensely listening, air; tho earnest black eye3;| and tho'..ghatitliilcs3 of tho .faco seemed at varianco with tho calm voice, and mado mo feel nervous ovcry time I looked at him. . Suddenly he started up,' and coctinucdmx eiledly . this timo:— . <> < ''.'Lmuat.liaaton. It is driving me om< Ah, if I could but cloBo ray cars ana braui for ono moment 1" "Ihcnr riothtria,'said/? " the night is very still, pud the nouso fo riqiot."' , , k' ! ,."No ono but:aqur'0bd wi'otoh like md oari hcarit,"'lio said;;' ,'./ ; t !/. " " I hear it always, perhaps if , you Jiaa taken . another's I'iifo you . would; hoar, something like it too, but pray Hoavon you rieVor.may.., Frank Glynn and! I. were lucky, arid going to leave Berungd. ' . ". '/' ' / ' . Ho had mover' liked it, and I had, .come, to- loatbo thoplaco. ; "We werogoirigto startyery oariyjonp morn ing; allc'to- Sandhurst-, and/oalbh!thc!oyen-. ingcoaoh. ..It lyo s ribt far, fivq/urid 'tworityj miles.,' ".'/..., ' V. ' . '/.,/ . Ve spent our last evening at. Clarke's. Jem, Clarke was tho'fcopcr of ' tho liitlo store!./ Hq. had a daughter so h&ridsqmb;,'sp'niado!:t6 iHoj loved that I cannot th ink of ' hor cal mly ri ow. Her- father had left England! thinking to . mako a fortimo .quioldy out ' horc, and . had !brought his daughter with himj,, ; ' / j :'i. Sho. was well educated, arid oould'eing like! 'an 'angel.. '.';/ '/'/, Frank often went "to. their! place in , tlio. qvqriings,' and while she sqng hb:pccqmp(uaied . Her. on tho' violin, or joined, her, in', what . sho, ; was:,sincing. I/wcnt/too. sometimea,/, but! not often. Tt'maddcncd riie .tq see/them, together. .1 oven" hated 'to Hear . them smb.! lovely as their ybiccs/wc'ro..:, Frank Glynn loved her, so did L' I did more, L worshipped her, reverenced herjTjdq. fio' novf,' but' I began by degrees to hato him.:, ; ' ' / „;//,-' . ././ . . Strange, that love. of. ono' person should, mako us hate another. /!.,.'.' / That last . evening thoy sang togother, and I/saw that aho enrqa for. hira abovo everyone elsq in tho world/ .They song oh! saying it Would be their last' evening for a long , time,' but I heard Frank whisper "TwiU bo back again soon, arid-then-!— 'I could'riot hear tho rest. But I saw her look Jiappy, and sho smiled so brightly at his words that for a mo ment I nearly hated her,' .The.laet song they sang was " Dor Erlkonig/' tho favoHto .with both of them. Thoy sang it ds if their souls wcro in it. Wo wished Mr. and Mrs. Clarko and NelRo 'Tgood bye," and told' thorn thoy- need not expect fo sce us.agqjn,, before we left as wo were going vory' early, iri tho morning, beforo!anyono else was stiiring. " . / "You are going. early, " sold Mrs, Clarke! ; " Yes, " /replied Frank, "wo wish to get well on our iourii'oy bofOro tho lieat of tho day commences. : . . . / "Avery good plan, "said sho; and .then wfc wished good night,; and "Good byes", again. ' " Good bjo, Mre. Clarke, you will hear from, mo soon." shouted Frank in a tono intended for tho ears of Nellie, who. stood in tlio back ground. / . . ,! ' / . ! . We walked on silently, oar way was atrack through deserted claims. . Our hut was/for the wholo district has altercd vcry'littlo, near where your houqo now stands.', It was rathor a dark night, tho moon was Iu her second quarter, but tho sky. was so overcast that her light was scarcely visible. / Wo walkcd on slowly arid cautiously, for there wcro, abandoned shafts on each side of us, mac wo migot very easily wauc imo, ana silcntly hccanso he was thinking', ot .tho he loved, and because . I would mot trust'my- boU to speak! rl.lovqd her so, and hated him' because ho did so too and sho rbtiincd it.., / . Tho fow wordawo did speak wero riot plea sant ones, for I-'det(UTOincd,/to(juhrrcl him,' and a man determined to piok-a quarrel can alwayfirid'.somo pretext ready. /. /.,;..!.! Atlast qa wo nearea our jhut/tlio ra'go arid jealousy, hurst/forth, words rari;'fast and.fu- ripus, Ir' curacd him, thon' cqmo a calm—the, lull iriiv storm./., - / / / /. . r He/as if uncbnsc'fously/bcgari hum the last fow .bars pf " Dor .Erlkopig! "i „01i un- bappyohfincol thQ.sourid'aDgercd mo, roused, tho, wotsfc/passipns fo iny, nature,- arid recalled so, vividly the Bight of( her face as /shjo.lookd while, singing' that, looked with' eyes foil of, Ipvo and.admfoatio'rifo'r Mm. /;. ..'! . I- think Bomo domon/mpst havo.posseased mo, l am sure a mori in'his right inind could not hdvQ!_dbne'qa L did/(tI.)m(8tVhavo! b'ccri mad thoriV/though' X.am not' now.; I do'.riot" kriow-whqtil said,, but I struck him !.. struck him dowx/l . coward arid madman ihfitjl 'was,- and .ho fou. Wq had been .standing, arid tho fact'.had beeri.quito. 'uririciticed by either (o£,uai on tho brink.ot an-, old 'arid ywy.qep/ahofti;; down whioh it would he. ccrtajri dcatq to fall! Ho' fcll. ho was Btiinricd, and for ono moment thojmqbn ishpno out '.to. show mo , tho whito faco and, , qlcriohed. .hands.; . ;Hq ' fell. ,; 1 Somo earth thot ! Jiis foll/Had'/foos'cned/fqU ! to > tho bottom with a light qpriiddi bg sound ! .then, a. stpnq'ortwOf Witririsharp quibk riqie, then tho dull! b'oavy!cfiud;wriion,;pqtinded. po.dcad that Ltamadq. foy;iicart,stqp/. It; must have beori ; a debp shaft; : aq !dcop as tho . bot fomle pifcTithink, for-ycqra sccjricd,' to-pass, .between; the first sound .of, b!mayol,!jHori. thos8fories< th'eri/; the, bqay./.AU,.' the hprror otmy/.posi- tipp, dU ho grcatnqssof my .crimbcamojbofora mq La hundrcd' tiraes, and eaQh timo moro in- tensely than before, in! those intervals, till, ray brain .. arid; hpH't seemed filled . with'- bqroirig blood..'.' //. .|V.. , ! -:, j/r ./. ,r ; Aa tho- .echo .'died/away I fled, ,rqm /tho and o.S;if fob- " Ayb.ngoV(pf .bloqdV;ijvcro;nt! my heels.-, '/.,/) .-,' 1 V- v/r ! i'uj/-,:- rY: At I, fled I heard a sound, as.firsi yory faint, Uko tlio- echo of an ,! eoho, /then dpudcr till it swelled: into a 'shput. i, / . ' IVfasifc' madness I. dreamt the, '/sfobtipf tht/ghMtly/foqOt 'aiid that/qwfol falling/sbund,"?, '!.;WqB/:hq!aliyq? Tlfo.iunb/xyaq /jErllconig;", pnd .tlio vioiep, Frank YGlyrin's, as I had hoard it, last : .Fojr a moment ! folt , suoh.. delight, . ps a . lost spmb I suddenly 'restorpd to. bliss must - feel. ', jH( liy'ed'.then .1, \ Fpr.onq momoptl fclt'ihis— the rioixt, I felt surely,, ahd the agony of it wo? terrible; that'tbatwas tho. .yQlcQ.of no living man, and foat/Ishould herqtfor ever that, it would haunt moY night 'and day/ and sourid my knoll hvdeofch. . '. , I 'rushed ' on. I never knbw how I rc'ached Melbourne, -but I did: ' ' / : " I was ill. That tuuo and voice ever sounded .in my ears. 'How I" longed to die to escape from it;- -1'- " I had a littler money on my person, and somo good1 Samarltari tri.ok care of. me- / ' Accidentally T caw ari . advertisement, in ,a newspapor entreating too to. return homo, as my mother was dying, apd all should bo for- givun.! I/went, and by tho timo I. rcachod Ericlnnd my- mother \vdB dead. . . ,luy fafher forgave mo, wondqred whofc. waB tho matter with rac, pitied mo; poor old. man. Thought it v/aa, grief at my mother's death. Ah, could- ho have. only. ,known. ..Could ho- havo heard that; voice. s Yhat would have been his. thought/?, I often wondorod at first, peoplo novcr did heilr that sonnd.. j It. was so: loud. vAr. ' He died/in a year ,or. two, and I .succeeded 'to tho prosperity,; but what. good could .that or anything clso do mo with- tlmt voico, daily, .growing loudor and' louder in' my cars. Itx never ceased -i How I would havo prayed if a_ murderer liad dared to pray that ' the' voiced ! would cease but for one momcnti' - ' ' I'tricd to'do good. iGavo my 'money todlio' poor, "built hospitals', arid sohoolsybat of; no ' avail! . i- .<»/ . ,j'i/:i» .> -.j u -That 4voico drovo. mo frern 'my- horiic!- 'I (sold off everything, arid wandered everywhere where'- thero . tvks 'danger,' wishing ' to die, longing to die. : I would havo 'killed myself but for the av/ful'thougbt -that if I did, and so sliortoncd ray pcnauco horo, that7 voice would bo ctcrnoH ; That tuno always the samn as when I'-last' heard from tho -hps of a living man1 ritripcUcd mo to Viotorin', 'and drovo nio horc, for/on -.what is now your land is tho shaft -where 'I' deprived a follow creature of hfo " and it is ightl should glvomy sel! rip to justice here." I/did riot know. what' to say, so.I silontly bowed ray hoaa. ' "1' ' ' "I give mysolf up to JuHticc," said he. " Will you search.for tho body! Will you, as a 1 magistrate, Arrest mc for: murder, so that X toay pay tho penalty of my orimc, whioh is what that voico has been Haunting ino for, which it had driven melrom tlio other end of the world for." ' ;Ho 'was .shaking , with' . agitation,' "His Hps .woro liyld, and ho . trembled' as though he would fall. - ' / /. ; " . ; " You mako a most serious charge against yoursolf," said I. ' "To-morrow I ,wiU have the 'shaft you raontioncd searched, and, of eonrBCj/I must do my duty, unpleasant though it will bo if the facts are as you state. But l am deeply sorry for you." : 1 thank you," said lie, " and will you do 'mo 'a r yery great favor? Do' you know"— arid "hero his" voice trembled— " anything of !/rtr— Ntlliq Cla'rko?" ' ; " Yes,"qaid l. ; ' " JtiBt .whqn I came hero two years after yon left apparently, sho .was married, and I hoard'at the timo something about a rpman- tio lover, Frank Glynn,' who left tho placo |wHh' nPfriond, promising to. cono book, but who did 'riot. Jilted her the nconlo ahout sqid.. However, peoplo camo and went in' very Btrangb ways in thoso times, ho nobody thought anything about it but Nelly Clarke perhaps.. Poor thing, sho, has had her tronblcs. Slio has had very'ill health. I liavo. visited her professionally. Sho always looks to mo liko one mourning for tho dead. I think her marriage was her parents' doings. Her hasb'and is poor onough. ,Ho broke his leg a .month or two ago. There are aoycrftl littlo children, and thoy are all in great poverty. Poor littlo woman I " My visitor 'looked fearfully. agitated for a moment; and then said : ' ' " Doctor, I givo you. this cheque for Iicr (it was one for two thousand pounds) givo it to her after— well you know what— an 1 hero is another ohoqno which I beg you will cash > arid distribute amongst/tho ebaritablo insti tutions and among any jidorthat need it." " I shall be yory happy," said I, " to do as you wish, but as yoar crime was not inten tional, I trust you will be ablo to bo almoner of your otfn bounty," "And now," said he, q will you tako my statement down and get it witnessed ? " " There is no necessity," said I. "I beg you will Baia ho, "it «ill caso my mind bo." What could I do. Tho rnanncr of the man was so etrango, everything was so strange. So I took down his statement. Ho signed Henry Harper in a' trembling hand. Then I signed, and called in a man who worked about tho placo to kign as witness. When that was finished I was astonished to see tho alteration in my visitor. Ho looked calm, oven happy, it such, a ghastly faco could express happiness. " Thank God, said he, " I .can brcatho, tho voico is Bilent. I havo confessed, and will -pay. tho/p'onalty.' Tho spirit is appeased. «. vuu utvaouu. x vuu uvv. « tvu, x M11" now I shall riovcr hear/that voicp 'gain till itv'brings mo tbp: -last Summons I shall over hear in this .wqrld» ' whpn next I hcar it must answer to'iYboyond tbo'grvo." .Tho 'wonierf d 5 oxpgossjbo' his . .faco. kehaincd6rhrfc6!nI3rio't' speak lof'a'rninnto or two," at lnsp I said, " Will you stay with mo . to-riight?" 1 ' " I wfll'ho'anBwored." and if tho thanks of a man lilfo-mo are any good take them for i your kindness.?/; ' / / '"Will you oomo arid 'havo somo dinner" said I; / : r' Y Prey;;oxcnse.mp if I 'decline, ' I- yrant no-,- thmg, "thqfak you.";'; I' showod him to ri room, , forced'hiirito tako some' wine', lio would 'tako no food.and lefthira. I my/dlimQr,-b'hattored:,mt1i' my wifo 'about JHenry Harpor. and wc both aeed that'hb'was to be pitted, and that his 8tory'\raspeofaliar. Vl,| ' /:. "Poor follow,"'said:my wife, ho is greatly to' bq pitiedi I.tHink tHo voico ho speaks of must, fae'tho'effbots of a.heated. imagination 'acting on his 'coriscibnce// " I cannot tell," said- 1, tho voico to Him'is very real." ' ' <;Iri!'tHp .'.morning T' .wont .'myself /to Mr. Harpor's';bcdrpom;;r knocked loudly at his1 door, no answer,' knobked again, called loudly, still no reply. ' I opened tho door and walked in,"-' Ho .wlisriittirig .ori;ri chair by the bedside in'a listcning attitude, :\yith a tmilo on his face— qui to'doa'd/;1 He had bcori dead for somo horirs. '"Ttib bed, was untouched! ;; Ho had oyitloritly- erit 'dowrr thoevenlng before, arid had never risenY; V/ 1 ;v!'.'/, 1 'Had Hb/iu thb dead' stillness; Of . the night hhard that voice wHipU'tnlB timo brbnght his' summons!? Had the yoicb; this timo brought, him nows of rest after such a'troubled lifo ? and bad'hb ansivrirbd'eHeerfuIly tb that signal of relqaSo with the; sriiilQ .that left its impress oh his doad lip ?" 1 "Who 'earil trill . A ' / ' ' Qcroh wa'3 madb. The roni'ains of a'body wetq'fojihd iri an old shaft :on: toy ground, a watch found. thero, when olearicd l had on it tho iriitfols F.G. I ffnirifTNnllin Glarlfn. Vrnvb' linr fhn mnnnv' arid distributed the rest, .' / " ' ' /'" -'Th'o'/old gqritletoan ceased,' the', company, were silent for a moment/ then, said Annie— v "'That '.was not iihagmatibri' Mr. Linton; that voldo was a real ono to him." 1 1 " Yc3 I' said Tom Smith rind several others. ..1. r.h-: THE END.1/ : . ' /:'„ 