THE NEW HEBRIDES. WITH THE NATIVES. FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT "THE VAGABOND." TANNA, SEPT 18 During the many days I spend on Tanna l am a good deal alone with the natives. K. is offen absent in his boat looking after cocoanuta or copra up and down the coast. When not electioneering I remain in the house writing, and the savages come and look at me curiously. Juno is always around, and early constituted himself my cicerone. A few days after my arrival, I go out on to the beach in the cool of the even ing. Cool is a comparative term, as it is still verv hot. Juno Is cleaning his Snider under a tree. This is about all the work he gets through in a day. Seeing me walking along the sands Juno says, "Me comer!" Yes if you like, I reply. He picks up his rifle, " Me get Snider belong a you !" for the trader never goes from his door unarmed. "No." Juno strides silently after me, wondering at this. I feel very certain that if he ever enter tains evil thoughts against me, he will let " I dare not wait upon I would." I look on Juno with interest. Is this dangerous scoundrel the joint production of 25 years of missionary enterprise here and of his own experiences of civilisation at the Torres Straits pearl fishery and in Sydney ? I fancy it is innate " cussedness" after all. But as it is not every day I meet a sevenfold murderer, he is worth studying. Not alto gether a bad-looking scoundrel, although thin, slight and weak. Indifferently strong though I am, I could crush the life out of him if I got a grip. This the man to make uneasy the life of the young Norwegian! "He. will kill me yet, after you go away"; says K. Would it not be well if I took Juno to some quiet spot in the jungle and, constituting myself judge, jury, and execu tioner, after the fashion of lynch law, made him acquainted with the contents of the derringer which he wots not I carry. Six years ago, when I was dispenser at Pentridge hospital, I had an average of 30 prisoners under my charge there. Half of these were generally " lifers ''-men convicted of murder and the foulest of crimes: human beasts un fit for earth or heaven. When compounding their medicines, which often contained deadlyy poisons, I sometimes thought, " Just one turn of "the wrist as I measure out this dose and the.world will be well rid of a wretch." If I had done this in one case four lives would have been saved. If I neglect to " put away" Juno now, and harm comes to the young Norwegian, I shall be vexed. Along the beach, under the shadow of spreading trees whose roots at high water are bathed by the tide. At the western point of the bay we mount the bluff, and are soon in the mission grounds. There are three build ings. The largest, of course, is the pastor's residence-or rather was, for Mr. Neilson has "abandoned the field," and Mr. Watt, from Kwamera, can only pay occasional visits to Port Resolution. This is a comfortable house, with lime concrete walls, thatched roof. I am not impertinent enough to look in through the windows. There is another cemented building. " Is this the church?" I ask. "No; this fellow," says Juno, pointing to the smallest grass structure I have yet seen. There are two open doorways, but no doors. The floor is strewn with fine coral. One old chair and two stools make up the furniture. On the walls there is a painted alphabet and some written numerals, as copies. There is a native teacher here now, and be is reputed to have half a dozen scholars. And this is all which remains of the late missionary's 14 years' labour on this spot. The surroundings, however, were well looked after. There is a good cleared compound and garden patch. Juno motions his hand towards the highest point. "Good fellow look out stop there," says he. We cross the bluff till we stand over the sea on the other side of the promontory. Tree and shrub clothe it to the shore beneath. Opposite, the waves dash over volcanic rocks; below, the water is clear and limpid, reflect ing a hundred shades from the coral reefs beneath. Cocoanut palms wave above our heads. Aniwa is in the distance. Aneitium looms up dimly on the horizon. A soft breeze woos our cheeks. It is a peaceful and glorious view. There is a seat here which l take the liberty of occupying for a time, as I think of the poet s lines in Enoch Arden. The murderer throws himself on the ground, and gazes pensively seaward. He, too, is affected by the influence of the scene. A long time we both gaze in silence. "What name you think him, Juno ?" I ask, "Good fellow lookout" is the reply. I wonder what he feels. Is it of the past or the future he is thinking? or is it only a refined enjoy ment in the present beauty before us? I begin to think that the murderer is a man of taste. We go to the missionary village, which is close at hand. A broken-down corral of reeds fails to keep out vagrant pigs. There are here exactly the same low huts, and roofs without walls, there is the same foul- ness, the same squalor, the same naked men as on the heathen island of Ambym. I try to find the Christians. One man, with a low- comedy countenance, honest-looking, but not extra intelligent, is brought to me. He is a church-goer, if not a member. His father took him when quite "small piccanniny". His opinion is "missionary very good man," and that seems to be his only artic of faith. He greets Juno, however, very amicably; public opinion does not seem to be against the murderer. Outside the village there is of course, the kava house; it is 'merely an open shed, where, at sundown the men of the tribe meet to drink the decoction of the plant which boatnists call piper methist ticum - the one delight of all the natives of Eastern adn Western Polynesia. I have I "W l"'1^*^11 Ii'lrii ftn °tnnedrunk it n hawai and Fiji, but not prepared as it is here. rS«^SS to mSes Wg J^aWiMeinai » «mall nnder the shade of the great banyan tree, jjffflja adjacent to a kava-liouse. T accept Juno's escort to many villages inland. The bush tracks are very narrow, ' ond down, high reeds towering overhead. Sometimes we are almost crawling through the jungle. Each village is the same-a Aozen houses, an open apace, the kava-shed *nd banyan tree. .Rank vegetation is all .round. Only occasionally can one obtain a breath of pare air from the distant ocean. That is an article these islanders do not care about. By his hut one may Bee the graive ol some chief not dei traces to be.oblite this ot burying thft.dfc&d; hlongside the Jiomes of tbe living. The population in these,vil lages may vary from 20 to £0., Farther intend the villages, if not .so numeroaa, are inbre nooulons. But at some distance Juno mil \-- f"ther. This is st victim, and ur to avoid it » r .. jng of Vick Swiveller. Everywhere onelees the same haggard women, bearing the burden Of maternity at home, or.returhing from toil In the yam-patch, or huBking cocOannte to be bartered at the store for tobacco. Polygamy is the rule here The number of single young juen away as labourers enables the elders of influence at home to acquire a plurality of wires. Juno bas four in his harem. Fearful "rice of blood, woman imo w ww«. «iu weeohere No wonder she likes to escape to the easy life in Queensland. But, compara bly, are they in worse case here than the MBB&nt; women one sees toiling in the fields ^France and Germany? These pass an ex istence to which it,is not emprising any S girl-being tempted-prefers life of ahaSe in the cities.. I look at some of these hart and remember the hideous old .French-, wotd&u; who assaulted me in a country road, Jn the march to Orleans, some time m the fell of 1870. In the early dawn I unthink ingly took an ajiple Or ft t>eax froman, over-, huiging tree, just-as one -would m the States, 1 vhere you pluck an apple as one .does a, blackberry in England. An old paysanne followed me, and abused ine as a German thief. I could not understand the trouble at fret. Then she encouraged by my mildness,' picked up a stick, and would have 'soundly thrashed me if I hadn't run away. She made good time in chase/however, till we. over took seme soldiers who knew me and ex-. plained lier dialect A franc brought down on my bead all the blessings of " Our Lady," Now tliiB old woman, in comparison with a Parisian dnme, was infinitely more hideous than any of Juno's wives. On my word I am getting to feel rather an interest in this savage in spite of the seven , deaths at his door. - One reason may be that he is intelligent, and as I grow older I am impatient of fools. 1 have an idea Juno looks up to and respects me as a new variety of civilised man in these islands. K says he is "cheeky," but then one cannot expect a smart savage to see anything particularly { noble in exchanging sticks of tobacco for cocoanuts, and the fault of all traders is that they are too familiar with the natives. One day the news comes that Jurio has been slung by a fish. We mount the hill to his village, where we find Juno crouching over a lire, moaning dismally,-and holding one hand tightly by the wrist, These people cannot stand pain. They possess none of the wild virtues of the American Indian. His band is swollen; on thebjll of the thumb a small puncture is visible from the fin of the fish; I apply nitrate of silver, I give him Eno's fruit salt in plenty, I bathe it with " painkiller,'* and also dose him with it Then a hot poultice of broken biscuits, at which he squirm 8. More Eno, more painkiller, and four Lightning pills, " to be taken at bed time." I only want some of Frank Weston's Vizard Oil to cure Juno at once. I think of the designs on the life of the "Snark{" and have the supreme consolation that if this treatment does not cure Juno it will perchance till him. They have not much sympathy for each other these savages. The hags of the harem look on stupidly, the windmaker sur veys my operations curiously, and the second murderer grins when Juno shrinks from the caustic. This youth is the other's shadow they are always together. He has been seen hiding in the trees near the store at night Wth the presumed idea of taking a pot-snot a? the trader. The pair of them would put away Banquo "and Fieancetoo" in improved Style on reduced terms. The Becona mur- j aerer is not yet known to have killed his man w cold blood, but he is an entered appren tice,being prepared by the P. It The right .uTei.r' *9 w"om Jnno is protector, stares jnth all his eyes at the course of treatment .us rniele is experiencing. He is a little, Bjsttr boy, afflicted with the dance of St i*to& I give him a small doBe of Eno in a cwoanut shell; he howls dismally at first, Wit, as it tickles his throat drinks it greedily. .The murderer, I:believe, is really thank T; he says so, at least I oonfess I am ,T®r .astonished when he turns up nearly in the morning. I do not, fiowevjer, IS?1??1, t^e above treatment as being suitable for all cases of poisoning by stingo! j °.r bite of snake This fish which hurt! «inno is a most peculiar one. Short and round, JzLpJarr?t, and fins like wings, it is *'»th green slime and horrible dark *{£ wi08' toak® itioOklike a Stone in we water. The spineq which run down the LT5,a.re poiBonous. Originally its colour » be a reddish pink. Can Juno have any ? This morning he says mJSL8!.* J,cur?°»" Is Juiib Worse than many heathen who jmve been held up] to to his i^httTiKulng tebfcUne'of J^M'inaker. So SnicuTalmt Jier. " Hanar-, a,mP8ttnatter-pf-fact way-how] in thfe ,tmsh^ round fc *ain-j f «el1 to11, Vut 1 8a^ "Get thee behind, and follow me." The full congre g&tion; consists-first, of the native teacher, '. ^en there is Charlie who, the fight being over, has attired himself in a .singlet and sviu. .once more. He is in ° iP ^c? behind an packing case, ITilv taken to represent a reading desk. Little Narua is by,his side on a chair. A nice little boy .this of about 11. I take him to be Jibe prize pupiL' He is decently dressed in a jersey now, put. on off days he is to be seen on the beach nude, after the manner of ianna,, and carrying a musket. . A chair in ironthaa been placed ready, for my use. On oneaide there ib avery old man. and-my,re cruity tour males all told. - There are on the . ? 11^ little; girls, one bright and intelligent-looking, whom I takp to be Narua s Bister. One young and four old women. Such hags I Seated on the ground, they tuck up their . grass petticoats; as cushions. .Their long thin limbs and ugly feet sprawling over the broken coral tare an apelike appearance. and their wizened faces and withered dugs do not dispel the illusion. Thirteen souls in all here,'when there must be at least 20 in the missionary village, & stones throw distant* 200 within half an hours walk 1 I make a calculation that the eleven, excluding myself and the teacher, muBt have cost about £500 each to bring them to the present stage. They are dear at the price. The teacher is a meek man, not strong enough for the place, I imagine. All these Aneitiura natives I have met are the same, quiet and docile^ perchance learned in the letter of the law in their own language, akin to that of this side of Tanna, but otherwise appearing fools of the first quality. They cannot speak English so well, nor are they, half so smart or intelligent as a returned' labour boy. ThiB "catechist" opens with a sort, of an address or prayer.. Then one of the sisters reads froin a printed pamphlet what I presume is a chapter,from the Testa ment, although there is ft running chorus, or ; Response, as to the litany of the Church of ' England. A hymn is then sung to the tune of "Far, far away," of which I presume, it is a' translation. Then a short prayer it is a prayer this time, as the people bow their heads, though they neither kneel nor stand, and "finish." The .be haviour throughout is good. Charlie, who appears to act as a sort of deacon, is not in ; his manner any the. worse for his trip in a labour vessel. The old man is attentive, as if he were vainly trying to fathom the mys tery. My recruit is uneasy. Little Naraa, to whom I have taken, a fancy, is the best of iboys, but by his glances at me every now and then I can Bee he is "playing to" the stranger. I am afraid he will turn out a little prig, after all His sister, laughing at the other girl, catches my oye, and immediately puts on a most .solemn face. The old women are the most enthusiastic, although when a dog walks and a pigeon flies in, the whole congregation is at once animated with what appears to be joy at a welcome break in the monotony of the service. They are but children, these people, and we know how hard it is to avoid yawn ing. The service chiefly commends itself to me by its brevity. When we are outside the ?shed I ask to be Bhown the grave of Mrs. Paton, wife of the first missionary at Eort Resolution. 1 am told that it is far down on the beach, where the first mission station was planted, but the buildings were all burnt after Mr. Paton fled in 1862. The natives then asked me to go and see a sick woman in their village. She is crooning over the fire in one of the wretched huts, and is in bad case. I suggest warm bandages round the loins, when her husband says, "How we make him? We no get all fellow same as town." Then I give them a lecture on their folly in spending their money on Sniders and cart ridges instead of in flannel and calico, and other useful things for themselves and their wives. I preach them a Bermon on this Sab bath afternoon, taking as text the five lingers of my band. These, I say, represent five villages. " One tellow BO," and I push the native with my dexter; " all fellows so," and I give him a smart blow with my fist If the men of Tanna will fight amongst themselves they will always be weak as one finger, and have no money to buy oil the comforts which white men enjoy. 1 ask Naraa to come down to the house, and 1 will give him medi cine: but kava time is at hand, and he must to his task of chewing and ex pectoration. He is the missionary s model boy; bat this beastly native custom still claims him. George, however, comes with me, and I give him a dose of chlorodyne for the Bick woman. It is something to the good, that they believe in the white man's medicine in this village. In another they might have but the Illness down to the malicious act of some enemy with the aid of a "disease taaker there would .have been much talk, tnd Juno, perhaps, would have been called in to square matters with, his rifle. . i The trader takes me to the grave of the firet white lady on Tanna. I am interested in this, as I bad read in Dr. Steel's work the following touching testimony to Mrs. Paton V She dicliiot, like Williims and Harris, o: ferromanga, lose her life by the hand^of violence, yet from her youth, her devoted birit, her short career, and her sudden and Unexpected death, the grave of Mary Ann Eobson Paton, as it rises up to view near the feeaBhore, and under the Shade of the palm bees of Tannaj will in future timea^be ,an bbject of interest and ft uouroe of influence, Lornnri only to the graves of the fena≤ tere <5 onT Mtiw luia, »ho' loved not ESr llvS unto the In other<lw«, fa1 to t JSfii ^ totee and kind£d, and Versed .the; Hty boean, and^sat down 'totoong thtoe; rJrtSrai canniiwfls foj their robt Bbe uSSf sneak to then* of Jesufl/an$ teach of taction," Winery shei me rlrRttaki barraclrafc'pfl PA Sdge of their ^ on this ivetyone who cro SSfesswssiit im. mi wan, the p«>pl« SfSSL7 fch»d,ifferent ^ieLw of the Maori, " I.rather agree with them. But in .in«?fnnmDf W- PljTouth 1 thrilled with lheTT S tleeine,^he fleeted state of trie graves of the soldiers, and Bailors who wT<Wi? 3°®° the,iufanfcsettlement The | nhi&f;^-crosses broken down, the names I obliterated-not a sign of respect to the brave living? ' to tte dis2race of the It may be pleaded that in a touiik. prosi I Fifp°P\ Nourishing community®where wi- vLr?U?-y an4 the people have not irioJSSn^J» cultivate the softer and BentinjfenjB and yirtues. But ^otto see the ¥atne °*a missionary'swife, fMose deftth baa been made the thteme oi ' altmS 'the'1 shore is .clothed1 .?with vegetation, there is nothmg^rifliM "up to view" but cocoanut trees. K. etnkes into a hog path, tod we force^our way through the bush to a spot which was once cleared. Here there is a rtide well. eten of the late missionary dwell ing. But this ib toot what we have come ont to see. We retrace our steps, and a native leads us along a trail; we break1 the bushes tor some yards, and here in the midst of the jungle, covered with matted vegetation, with rank weeds ahd decaying shrubs which we have to ctlt away before we c&n; see it, is the grave of the white lady. No stone marks the site, but a strong circular coral walL firmly cemented, is built around. Stumbling on this m the jungle I should take it for the last dim trace of some forgotten tribe long since passed away. There is naught to show that this is the resting place of the lady, but our native guide is farm on that point, and fihows the smaller grave of the infant, who followed the mother, by its side. " Mis sionary always make him so," and he shows us one other coral wall covered with fragrant flowers. I have to hack these away with ifiy knife to read the beadBtone which some loving hand has erected here. Surely this must be Mrs. Baton's? But, too! It is "sacred to the memory of" the Rev. Samuel JohnBton, one of the early Nova Scotian pioneers of this mission, who died in the first year of his residence here. I have to scrape away the mould from the stone to read thiB and the text, " The night cometh, when no man can work." This is the ; only Bign' we can find save a wooden headboard under a mound of leaves which was once planted over the grave of an unfor-1 ' tunate trader, named Underwood, who 1 met his death through an explosion of gunpowder in his store. I feel more in dignant at the neglect of God's acre here than I did at Taranaki. Respect for the homes of the departed may not be held 'as necessary to our own salvation, but at least it would have a moral effect upon the heathen. As "an object of interest and a source of influence " the grave of Mrs. Paton will soon be-again covered and forgotten, unless K. keeps up the clearing, which we made-a tribute from sinners.- __ One night we have a diversion in the sftape of "a wake." A chief in a neighbouring village is dead, and all day long there has been a slaughter of pigs. Each clan brings one. and these are exchanged over the body of the departed. His own family has killed , one pig extra, which having been roasted or burnt over the fire and cut up into small pieces, is distributed amongst the mourners. There is a dense smoke from the row of tires all around the huts.' The women are gathered about the grave, the four wives of the deceased have their faces all blackened, which out ward Bign of woe they must wear for six months, dnring which they must remain j sealed unto the deceased, and no man must j look at them. There is a moaning and j lamentation from all the women, varied occa sionally by a shrill cry, the death keen altogether reminding me very forcibly of an Irish wake. The body is done up elegantly, wrapped in mats, and deposited in a rude coffin in a grave some 5ft deep. These clothes are the first the deceased nas ever worn. His ordinary costume of paint has been much added to for this occasion, the face being all over red and yellow and black, the hair nicely dressed, and adorned with feathers. The women shed real tears, whether from feeling or custom I cannot say. The wailing ceases at intervals, and the "orator of the day" gives out what I sup-1 pose is a panegyric on the virtnes of tne deceased. The men appear to have been drinking kava, and axe rather stupid, but there is a controversy amongst them as to who killed the late chief, what enemy stole some refuse of his food and changed it into nahuk. Woe to anyone on whom suspicion may fall ! What with the heat and the smoke and the noise, I thought the prin-: cipal performer at this ceremony had the best time of it As regards this people's idea of a future life, I could obtain Httle information. They believe, however, in ghosts, and that the spirit of a slain man may haunt hismnrderer. ' . 