TEE LAND OF GOSSIP. The Land of Gossip lies within a too convenient distance of our ' ain contree' (indeed '. ite denizens are sometimes (ieseiibed with a wink as ' somebody not a hundred miles off'), and its times, and seasons are contemporaneous with- our own. Its inhabitants are distorted repre sentations of yourselves, ana tlicir words nre compounded from, e, Celtic, Latin, and Haxo'n stock. Its streets arc filled by a moving population, who buy and soil, fcast and bury ; nnd one of, their main occupations, which thuy ever pursue with , ' whimsical earnestness, is marrying and giving in marriage — particularly the fetter. iniiuiiiuraMe exciting, eveais. iiro ' always turning up in the province ; but though each is worth a parsing word, it dous not really please the people unless it overtops that Gnc Hue which divides our eaithly cqmmiinpl&ce; from the mysterious and the horrible. But of suuh there is no lack. Murders, ghosts, deadly quarrels, ana the occurrence of every hour, and the mercantile houses are always on the brink of failure, or matting a million of money 8\. day. Clerks, abscond, partners cut their throats, balance-sheets won't add up, accounts are cooked. Villas in the suburbs are supported out of capital, ' kites' are always flying in the wind, «nd ' stags' tossing their antlers in the city streets. So much for commeroa ; as fr-r credit it is nearly Hnkitqiyn, except in the way of creditors. Tho. domestic column of the nersvendors is still more melancholy' since the finer feelings of the heart are or ought to be involved. No body but the authentically informed could believe the quarrels, the aliena tions, the heart-burnings. Husbands and wives, I am sorry to say, rarely get on, and '? ' ? ? Mister B. and Missis B., A sitting by the fire, are but the first examples which occur to me as being well-known to be everything they shouldn't be. (Indeed, all the ?world knows what a life she leads him.) Even the physical phenomena of this etrange region are alarming. The very air ib full of whispers, low And loud, soft and thrilling ; they are wafted about on the tree ti 'im, and may be seen floating in a thin vapour round* the heads of the ifihajbitaiiU, sometimes hiding them from each other, sometimes blinding then eyes, and causing their steps to go astray. They may not unfairly be called Children t-T the Hist ; and tin*, brings me to the most remarkable and even awfat pheno menon of all connected with this Land of Gossip. It is that each- of these inhabitants is a duplicate of one of our own human race. You, O my dear reader, are copied- there, and so is your husband, and bo am \ ; rather, they are not duplicates which move and act iu that realm of wonders, but such distorted representations as we might be, hold in one of those concave or convex mirrors which* were at once the terror nnd tlelight «f our childhood. Such a one I remember hanging on a nail in a quiet room in the country. A room iined with old books : the scent of sweet peaa flowing in with the summer sunshine, end scarlet leaves «-f the Virginian creeper making ttie desolate autumn bright. This minor was so constructed that when you looked in the glass on one side, you saw your face widened from ear to ear, like the pic tin ial rci-reseiitationB of little Jack Homer eatiiig his Christinas pie ; and when you looked in the glara ..n the reverse side, it was elongated from forehead to chin, like a tragic nurse in a pjtritomme 'The mother' who bore you' would bardly have known that face fur her own child's, so ?' qaeet. an quaint, bo .lamentable, *-- pathetic, *nd to awfully utilike fyourwU was it, *rith yet «n unutUUkalile ves'ige of individual identity, which made it a travesiie of you, and of aob-idy else. Such, iny dear friend, is your double in the Lanri -if GuBxip. Mixtures of two pa.rU of glycerine, one \ part amiucnia, and a little rose water vrhiten s,nd soften the hands. 