VICTORIA RACING CLUB. i jjy telegraph. i fFROM OBR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) Melbourne, Saturday. The w inter steeplechase meeting of the above club waa held at Flemington to- day, tho weather being fine and tho attendance large. The racing waa tolerably good, but marked by tho downfall of (favour ite after favourite in succession, so that the books must have been large winners. Tho proceedings occurred in the Grand National Steeplechase, when Chrysalis fell ar.d crushed her rider, A. M'Innes, who expired before being removed from the ground. Ap pended are the results : MAIDEN Iinunr.E IIAOE, A sweepstakes of 6 sovs each. 30a forfeit, with ISO so vs added. For nil maiden jumpers ; second horso SSsovs, aud third lOsovslrom tbuprlze. About two miles. S, G. Cook's b g Tho Joker , by Countryman, 4 yoars, Sat Sib Battye I II. Leooi's b m Bella Uramlon.S yc->r», 10st31b.. Oreo 2 Ilobert30u and VAigncr's t.- ii Ouuiclo, 1 yo-rs, Sat 121b Oorrigsn 3 Lottie, Tattler, and Sinking Fund also started. Betting : 5 to -l on Ontario, 8 to 1 v. The Joker, 5 to 1 v. Belle Brandon. Ontario was quickest away, but was at once dis placed by Lottie, who led over tho first flight just ia front of tlio favourite, after whom came Sinking Fund, Belle Brandon, The Joker, and Tattler m)order, Little alteration was noticable until passing the stand, whore Sinking Fund was taken to the front and -led to the turn, where he was replaced by Tattler, who shortly afterwards, however, dropped back last again. At the bridge Lottie headed Belie Brandon and Ontario, but the latter fell to the renr, and Tho Joker moved lip into second place. The pace, which had hitherto been very slow, now improved, and passing the Abattoirs, Tat- tlier was forcing tbo running, being immediately at tended by Lottie and The Joker. At the sheds, the favourite began to work his way towards tho leaders, nnd The Joker also mended his position. The latter led into tho straight, and not being intoricrca witn, won rather easily by a length from Belle Brandon, who beat Ontario by fonr lengths. Tattler was fourth, and then followed Sinking Fund, with Lottie last. Time, Imin SDsee. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE, A sweepstakes of 3 boys, oaob, 30s forfeit, with 130 sovs added. For four-yoar-olds aad upwards that had novar wou a steeplechase. Second horso 25 soys, and third 10 sovs from tho prize. About two miles and a quarter. 0\. 1- learning's bg Bbsinroc'x, ngod, list 01b .. Croe 1 W.PoareouabrgSpecuIntor.Gjonrf.lOatOlb .. Asbtoo 2 j G. Glasscock's bg Hopo. Oyoara, lost Sib.. .. Klldull 3 i Glenara, Hart Royal, and Hailstorm also started, Betting : 2 to I v. Hope, 3 to 1 v, Glenara, -1 to 1 v. Speculator, G to 1 v. Shamrock. A capital start was effected, Shamrock, Glenara, and Hope being the first to movo off, but Speculator showed the first fence just in front of Shamrock/ while all the others banlked. Hailstorm was got over at tho second attempt, and was followed by Hope and Hart Royal, bat Glenara continued to refuse most persistently. Speculator and Shamrock had by this time established a great lead of Hail storm and Hope, Hart Royal meanwhile having come to grief at the Blieds near the Abattoirs. Shamrock just led Speculator passing the stand, while Hail storm had been improving his position, and at the tarn he ran up second, but came down at the next fence, and was quickly remounted. The race was now virtually over, for Shamrock kept in front of Speculator, and'won easily by several lengths, Hope being' a bad third. Time, Gmin lOBec. tillAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE, A handicap Bwcopatakea of 10 aovs caob, 3 forfeit, wlih 300 eoy3 willed. Second hono 50 aova, aud third 25 aova ifoni thopiUo. About three miles. A t , D. Fofter'a b g Dizzy, by nughemlcu, 4 yrs, 41b. .Bitty D. 8. Wallaces b g itti&ui;, agod, list 01b .. iug 3 S. G. Cook's b 9 B&slUair.; oged, lOat 31b .. .. Oreo 3 Lotbair 12nt 01b, Triplet lOat 121b, Prospect lOat 21b, Barwon lOat 21b, and Sparke 9st 101b, also started. Betting i 7 to 4 y. Prospect, 4 to 1 v. Sparke, a to 1 v, Dizzy, 0 to 1 v. Lotbair, 10 to 1 v. Rhesus. The favourite was the first to move away, and be led to tbe river, where Sparko rushed to the front and passed tbe bridge, followed iu order by Basilisk, Prospect, ltliesus, Triplet, Dizzy. Barwon, aud Lo tbair, the latter being 10 lengths away from his horses. Sparke further increased his lead, and at the shcd3 waa four lengths, in front of Basilisk, ! who juBt showed clear of Prospect, while the post- 1 tions of tbe others had not been materially altered. ' Tho stand was passed by Sparko just ahead of ' Prospect and Basilisk, tbe others being ail together, with tbe exception of Lotbair, who was still bring ing up tlio rear. Along the back Rhoans went up second, mul Barwon dropping back Ltiuic proved up into his pokltlon oq fifths Bilwk wme ni tho Abattoirs, and raced with Suarke. but headed ' him at training, ground, where the field closed np, J.he favourite holding a prominent ' position. . Rhesus now came with c rash, and led Basflisk and Lothair into the straight/ Triplet, Dizzy, ' ' and Prospect btJne dose behind. The" first three idraes raced together w the carnage paddock,' when Dizzy shot to the fn.)nti and came in an easy-' winner by 1 three lengths froui Rhesus,' . Uaslflsk waS third, an- 1 other' four "lengths away, and then' came. 'Lothatrl Triplet, Sparke,- Prospect, and Barwon. Time, 6mtu 48scc. . ' ' ' -1'- ':' ' i.--. grand national steeple chase, ' a handicap Bweeprtakea of is aovs each, 4 forfeit, with Of tovs added. Second. bona. SO sovs/and third 2S .ova from - ' thepriie. About thrcanities. .> T. W. Phillips's br g Blackthorn (lata; Tlpperirv Boy). 8 '" jrs,10at12lb .. nfifis" I G Rnssellsch g t'aflor, aEed. lOst I01b..' ., IPOowan 2 J. O. Held ns hi g Black Jaoiot, 5 ym lost 1Mb ..' Kfnv J Trumpeter 12st, Vaultdr list 51b, Harper-Thomb- son (Into Hubbub) list 41b, Chrysalis lOst lOlb, Oba- diahl0st71b, Lizetto lOst, Australian' Oonrt Ost 91b,' and Mariner 9st 7!b also started, > : - ; ' > _ Betting : 5 to 2 v. Sailor, 5 to 1 each v. 'Australian Conrt and Lizctte, (i to 1 each v. Chrysalis nnd Oba- . diah, 10 to I v. Bluekthoi n. ' :, . . Obadinh went to the front at tlio fall "of tho flag, but quickly gave placo to Lisotte, who led past tho stand,' followed by Australian Court, Obadiab, Sailor, Black : Jacket. iIarincr,TrnmpetSr, Blackthorn, and Chrysalis; . wi.th Yaulter last. Much the same order was 'main tained' over the first two fences, but at' the first ot ho treble near the bridge Lizette'came down, and Sailor wont on in command, olosoly followed by.' Trumpeter nnd Blackthorn. Australian Court was" 'eading at tho tnrn before- entering the straight, bnt : Blackthorn now assumed the command, and.was first' over tbe treble, at tho second fence of which Yaultec' came down, but was quickly remounted. " The .sod' wall in front of tho staud was negotiated by Blank-' thorn, in advance of Sailor ami Trumpeter, after" whom came Black Jacket, Australian Court, Chrysalis, and Mariner.. Sailor then took'tho load atj the off turn, And which be maintained until Black thorn again displaced him at the back. Chrysalis, being then third, aiid just ahead of Australian Court, ' while Harper-Thompson was a long distance away , from tho others. At the stone wall near the abattoirs) Chrysalis came down heavily, and rolled ovor M'Innes, while Australian Court also fell, and Blackthorn,: going very easily, led over the last jnmp and turned into the straight just in advance of Black Jaoket, Trumpeter, and Sailor. In the ran homo Blackthorn had it nil his own wny, nnd won very comfortably by. three lengths from Sailor, who was four lengths la; front of Black Jacket, ivhilo Trumpeter was fourth; about 15 yards in front ot Harper-Thompson. Time, 7miu 17Jscc, selling hcrdle race, - l) A sweepstakes of 3 sovs oaok, 1 forfeit, with I0D sovsaddod.1 The winner to ho sold for £30 ; celling oltowanau. Two mlloi. J. Layton's oh g Wild Harry, by Manuka— Deception, aged, £10, 8st91b Oarey I ' B. Bstty's bg Stormblrd. aged, £10, Sit 91b .. Ovvaor 2 J. M Grade's bl g Blaok Trlneo, aged. £10, Sit 01b . . Kelly 3 Springdalo and Sunlight (disqualified) also started. Betting : 5 to 2 v. Sunlight, 8 to 1 each v. \YUd Harry and Black Prince, 6 to 1 v. Stormblrd. Stormbird, Black Prince, aud Wild Harry hold the foremost positions ronnd the turn and into the straight, where Sunlight joined them, and n good' race home ensued, tbe favourite eventually winning: by a couple of lengths from Wild Harry, Stormbird' being tilled, and Blnck Prince fourth. Timc, 8mia; 5Ssec. Upon weighing in Ferguson could not draw the scale, and Sunlight was thereupon disqualified,; and Wila Harry was declared the winner. The lntter was sold for 60 guineas. FLAT RACE, A handicap iwccpctakra of S sovs oaob, 30s forfeit, with 190. added. Ono mile. W. Bailey's ch f Virago, by Siandcror— Mies Saxon, 3 yrs, .' 7si 81b .. .. M'Gowan T' A M'Donald's br g Bonulo Bcc, 6 jrs, Set 4 lb nalcs 2; ; T. Jones', ch h Thn Ghost, 5 ytc, Oat 12ib .. .. Butty 3f The other starters were — Transferred . flat -91b', t Allander 9st 51b, Verdure Oat, Contesslna ' 8st 181b,; Anglesey, 8st 141b, Ooorcena 8st 91b, West- bury 8st 81b, Turretfield 8st 71b, Tumult 8st 71b, Josephine 8st 51b, Castaway 8st ' 21b,: Forlorn 8st lib, Tiuilaliser 7st 111b, Mary 7st 91b,-- Mistako 7s t 71b, Zcpbyr 7st Gib, Omelette 7st lib, Rooftrce 7st 21 b, Flash of Lightning 7st, L'Africalne 7et, Sinking Fund 7st. Betting : 5 to 2 v. Transferred, 7 to 1 v. Allander,. 8 to 1 v. Bonnie Bcc. Bonnie Bee, attended by Transferred, Mary, Virago, Westbury, and Mistake, led into the straight, and a good raco ensued at tho distance. Virago eventually winning by a length from Bonnie Bee ; Ghost wna a good third, and Mistake fourth. Time, lmin dGsec. Onr Parrnmatta correspondent wires that a private match came off on Saturday between Tim and Sun light for £25 a side, distance six furlongs. There were about 200 spectators present, and Tim, who was ridden by E. Smith, won by half a length from Sun light, ridden by Forbes. Intclligcnco comes from Noumea that Lord OrTillc, who was recently sent to Now Caledonia in charge of Charley Green, has greatly distinguished himself, winning the big event of the meeting— the Nouvollo Caledonien Grand Prix — and a sweepstakes on tho same day, beating in the former Yoaemite, Rupert, and Ninus. In tho official card appears the namo of Kingsworth as entered for tho Grand Prix, and it seems that an effort wns made to . secure tho borso from Mr W. Gannon, but who would not part with: him, and bis entry was made upou speculation. 