News and Notes. Tom Thumb Is dead, , l'owiai, tho bushrangor is to be rcloased iu October. South's Company was at Mudgoe on Monday, Capi. Linjj, of Launceston, for 30 years haibouv-uiaslor, is dead. A half-penny evening edition of the London Times is being published. Sin John Popolleniiessy, tho now Gov ernor of Mauritius, ha arrived at tho island. AriF.LAinE School Board of Advico lias passed n resolution in favour of free edu cation. The British troops liavo left cholera stricken Cairo for the Oasis Helouan, a sanitary station. Did the dance programme say 6chottish schottischo, shottish, or shotish F Several versions current, A comtany has been formed at Ballarat, with a capital of £20,000, to build a large coffee palace in that city. Sm Always and Lady Sometimes Tipsy is what they call Lady Florence Dixie and her liege lord in London Court circles. Bacon—'• green, undried, or in brine," from other countries, is in future to pay 2d. per pound duty at Sydney Custom House. It is announced that Mr. Annesley, at present British Consul at Paramaribo, Dutch Guiana, has been appointed to succeed tho lato Mr. Conolly l'akenham, as Consul at Tamatave, Madagascar. At a meeting of the Vesloynn Church in Pirie-strcet Adelaide, the fiev. Thomas Lloyd was presented with a purse of 250 sovereign b, together with an address, prior to his departure for England on a six months' holiday. Dumko the Secesh war the Union men sang " We'll hang Jeff Davis to a sour apple tree;" but the Bega Public School Pupil Teachers do not think much of tho big weaner that talked of hanging the pupil teachers over the flag lino in tho new school. Boiled in Jam.—At Melbourne, on Friday, a girl named Rebecca Anderson met with a horrible- mishap in the Bed Cross PresorvingCompany'a works, where she was employed. She was feeding a largo cauldron of boiling jam with fruit, when her foot slipped, and she suddenly fell into the jam. Tho poor young wo man was extricated from the vat with great difficulty, and some time was spent in scraping the jam off her. She was taken to the hospital in a dying condition, Ik the Bev. John Osborne's case, after long and careful consideration, tlie fol lowing resolutions were adopted:—"That after hearing Mr. Osborne's frank decla ration of liis belief in the Deity of tho Lord JostiS Christ, in His atonement of sin by His death, in tho Deity of the Holy Ghost, iu tho plenary inspiration of the Iloly Scriptures, and in the efficacy of prayer; having heard also his declara tion of sincere attachment to Methodist doctrine generally as embodied in our acknowledged standards, wo cordially accept his statements as full and satis factory. At the same time we regret that his method of presenting those truths is at times so inexact as to produce the im pression on the minds of some that he is erroneous in dootrine. 2. In reference to the sermon delivered in the "Xork-street Church on Sunday eyoning, April 22, 1683, on Bom an Catholicism, we aro con vinced that Mr. Osborne is sound in tho doctrines of Protostauism, as held by the Methodist Chucrh. Tet from the evidence we are satisfied that in the former part of his discourse he was bo ungarded in his statement as to appear to advance doc trines not in harmony with our standards. 3\. That the president communicate the foregoing- resolutions to Mr, Osborne." IiUEc Bvhon's Inspirations.—It is related of the Poof that when his Muse was chary of bet divine afflatus, he WouidindiiLgso in Hber al potations of gin. Some of his finest flights of imagination were evolved, as it were, from tho bonkers of the ordinary Geneva {Gin). Had Udolplio Wolfe's Schiedam Awsaatio Schnapps existed in liis day, the splendour of "Childo Harold," the " Corsair, " Lara," and other productions might have been still aore intensified. " As shines a good doed in a naughty world," standsout, amidst the mass of trashy hy spooifira and deleterious ooncoctions, the pure, unadulterated, palatable preparation known as Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aro matic SchnappB. It iB a panaoea full of balm, with healitig1 in every draught. A. mild Btimnlattt, a gentle tonic, to oSeotivo diuretic, an invigorating cordial, a most plea sant and active elixir, performs its offices with the swiftness and directness of a faith ful and potent ageat. The Bad anb Woutiiless are never imi tated or cmn'erfcited. This is especially true of a family medicine, and it is positive proof that the remedy imitated 1b of tbe- highest value. As soon as it had been tested and proved by the whole world that Hop Bitters was the purest, best, and moBt valuable fam ily medicine on earth, many imitations Bprang up and began to steal the notices in which the press and the people of the country had expressed the merits of H.S., and in every way trying to induoo suffering invalids to use their stuff instead, expecting to make money on the credit and good name of H.B. Many others started nostrums put tip in sim ilar style to H.B., with variously devised names in which the word ".Hop',' or "Hops" were used in a way to induos people to believe1 they were the same as Hop Bitters. All such protended remedies or cures, 110 matter what their style or name is, and especially those with the word "Hop" or "Hops" in their name or in any way connected with them or their name, are imitations or counterfeits. Beware of them. Touch none of them. Use nothing but genuine American Hop Bitters, with a bunch or cluster of green Hops on the white label, with Dr. Soule's name blown in in the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggists and Chemists are warned against dealing in imitations or counterfeits. 