ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY TaH Gnost.J Dec. 15. The winter of New South Wales dis content has been made glorious summer by Mr. Service and his colleague, Mr. Berry, at the Sydney Convention, and all the clouds of distrust that lowered o'er our neighbours' brow have beooen buried under Port Jackson's dancing vaves, or drowned in the sparkling vintages where with Victoria regaled the delegates from the other Australian colonies in the Marble Hall of the Parliament buildings. Under the genial influence of picnics, all sentiments of rivalry that at the in ception of the meeting of delegates threatened to cause the whole affair to end in fiasco happily vanished, and the banquet tendered to Australia's represen tatives on Monday evening brought to culminating point the good feeling which after a few meetings animated the Con. vention. That important results will flow from the gathering is quite certain. New Guinea will are long become an integral part of the British Empire, and Mr. Gladstone's Ministry be able to talk to France with a tone of authority which his communications have up to the present time lamentably lacked. We have told in unmistakable plainness that if she will not take upon herself the task of pro venting'the French Republic from pouring a stream of felony on thejislands of Poly nesia we shall not hesitate, as a United Australia, ourselves to undertsk'6b the duty, be the consequences what they may. Even England's vacillating and peace-at. any price-loving Premier cannot now afford to ignore our wishes expressed in such forcible language. The question has, by the action of the Convention, beeoon made a truly national one, and is now far removed from the comparatively cramped arena of local politics. Truly are the 'eyes of'Eirope 'now directed towards" the fifth quarter of the Globe." For no one will notice the ravings of Mr. Buchanan, the silly' vapourins dof Mr. Cameron, or the querulous tone Mr. Barker, the 'Speakedr of thd. New South Wales Assembly, has adopted in 'contra dieting an assertion which it was never alleged by Mr. Service ho ever "imado. That Mr. Service was a little too bosatful in his post prandcum oration at the Federal banquet, and that Mr. Berry, has blbdoe "putting his foot' into it" by hics loqiuacity in Sydney since his chief's departure, can not be denied. But despite these little contretemps Australasia will carry her point with the British Government. From all parts of the country comes the good news that the present season is one of the most prosperous from a farmer'slpoint of view that Victoria has enjoyed for many years. Big hay stacks and overflowing barns are the rule, and this year at all events Providonco has scattered plenty o'er the smiling land. It is certainly fortunate that there is at the present moment a Coalition Government at the head of affairs. Had we still been in the full enjoyment of government by party, the incumbents of office would doubtless have laid claim to being the cause of our present bountiful crops. A Conservative Ministry~ would 'most in dubitably have Indulged in a large amount of crowing anent the final disappearance of the "Berry Blight," while a Liberal Administration would quite as certainly have laid claim to the successful harvest I as the outcome of their policy. As it is both sides can now be credited with the kudos,, and politicians of all shades of opinion lay thie flattering unction to their souls that they have il some way contri. buted to bring about results which Jupiter Pluvius and Old Sol have alone had a hand in achieving. But if agricultural lines have fallen in pleasant places, those of. journalists have not been so fortunate. Straws, it is said, indicate the way the wind blows, and just at the present time it would appear not to be a favouring gale for some editor.proprietors of newspapers. In a certain country town that. holds itself in high esteem, the part owner and literary, chief of two daily broadsheets lvtoly offered to exchange thes editorial chair for the office of rate collector, dog and nuisance inspector of an idjoining municipality. 'Sio transit iloria mundi ! What the bull-fight is to the Spaniard a," skin glove" contest, or a wrestling match is to the Anglo-Saxon. It is hardly to be wondered at, therefore, that on Saturday afternoon last tihe Theatre Royal was, despite the high entrance fee, crowded in every part to witness hoe contest between "Professor " Miller anid Messrs Blackburn and Thomas, who were alternately to try conclusions with the champion, The affair pnded some what unsatisfactory to the public in a ,"draw." . Three falls were scored by each side. The "draw" by the principils in the contest was, owing to the large amount received at the doors, of a far pleasanter character. The Melbourno Presbytery arid the Presbyterian Assembly have apparently not yet heard the last of the Rev. Charles Strong. A letter has boon received by the Moderator of the Assembly, calling upon that gentleman and theobody of. divines over which he presides to furnish Mr. Strong with the necessary certificate to enable him to'accept any "call" that may be made. Failing compliance with the request the law will be put in motion. It is hard to see how, in the absence of any proofs of delinquency, the certificate asked for can be refused. Mr. Strong has now turned the tables on his op. ponoents. He appeard determined to show them that " though lost to sight" he is still '"to memory'dear." The mmiicipal embroglio in Richmond has come to a lame and impotent con 'elusion. ' Councillor Jenkins, the unruly member, who ftr grossly disorderly con-' duct was brought before the Police Court by the Mayor of the city, has lBoen fined a shilillieg without costs; the Solons on the Bench, among whom was actually a police magistrate, deeooming this fine suf.i cient. Now that the price of rowdyism ilas been legally assessed, we may expeut to lhave a series of "scenes" whenever localmagnates meet. Council Chambers can be turned into bear gardens for the small sum of twelve pence sterling. The gossip lovers who anticipated quite achaptor of revelations to flow from the oeamination of Signor Guglime Veordi, Ae.glice Mr.William Green, of Baltimore, U.S., must have been sorely disappointed. Even Mr. Purves failed to elicit from the unimpassioned baritone any single item of interest to the quid nteuc... Signor Verdi's insolvency was simply due to. the fact that he could not pay his debta- rather a prosaic sequel to what was ex pected to be a very pretty story, involving the reputations of some score or so of maids and matrons. Two more sweep promoters have made their bow to the magistrates at the City Pohce Court. Messrs. Cregan and White. the gentlemen who " ran " the "Victory" and the " Melbourne Cup" suindles, have come to grief to the tune of one hunldred plunds each. As they must, have pocketed some thousands of the cash of the gullible public, it is hard.to any how they can affirm, as they did through their counsel, that "they feel aggrieved," and therefore inteonl to exercise their right of appeal to the Court of General Sessions.. Evidently there are some people who are never satisfied. " An Englishman," so the poet avers, "dearly loves a lord," and it would appear as if the tuft hunting proponsities, of the mother country had under Aue tralian skies lost noching of their intense enobbing. Lord Rosobery is no doubt a very estimable nobleman,. in his way, but beyond being Lord ector of the University of Edinburgh, and having married it daughter of the house ofleotha child, has no great claims to celebrity. Yet lie was not allowed to arrive in Mel. bourne, which he is visiting simply in his capacity of tourist, without being met at the railway station by a couple of Minis tore of the Crown to conduct him' from the railway platform to. the carriage in waiting to convey him to the vice-regal residence. Major Sargood-probably as the representative of the soft goods, and Mr. Service, of the dry goods interest were in attendance to meet My Lord and My Lady. Yet it is not recorded that when a certain "embassy" journeyed to the antipodes, the Prime Minister of England was in, waiting to receive the distinguislied travellers when they left the train. It is somewhat puzzling to account for this anomaly, unless it be borne in mind that we Australians are an essentially democratic community. Don't the classics tell us-" OnMe ignohttm ro menaifico " - What is now known as the '! Pitman case" is still undecided. In Mr. Berry's absence the Board appointed to deal with the accused gentleman have apparently been disinclined to deal with the very grave charges brought against him. If rumour is to be credited, there will be no investigation after all, as the principal in the affair will save all further trouble by disappearing from the scene of his ex ploits. It is to be hoped this will be the case. The first Napoleon was undoubtedly right in his abhorrence of dirty linen being publicly washed. Fqw people will regret the veil being' drawn over the dpisodoe Theroeis an interregnum at the theatres preparatory to the advent of 'the Christ ars attractions. * The Princess has'closed its 'doors to preparo for the holidays;' and rt the Opera House "Manola" has been rbvivoed with no very largo amount of success. Mr. Clover, the aotor' and auther, ;has not boon 'a source of great onthishiasm at the Bijous' with hii son satidnal aid oemotional play of "The Wanderer," which hag'now given place to the '", Colleeoi Bawn." The Federal Minstrels have breridroing' the largest business' of any of the amunsemont mongers. Melbburne, apparently, never has.a surfeit of the negro businedss. 