Sermons and ^.ddresses. THE NATURE, ORIGIN, AND WORK OF THE CHRISTIAN MINISTRY. (By Rev. John Gaelics:, Incumbent of Echttca and Rtjbal Dean.) Preached in St. Peter's Church, Melbourne, at the Advent Ordi nation, 2ith December, 1882. We preach . . . Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake.— 2 Cor. iv. 5. Upon solemn occasions like the present, brethren, when, in accord ance with the time-honoured scriptural custom of our Church, men are by prayer publicly dedicated, and, ' with .the laying on of hands,' ' ordained ' to the respective offices of deacon and priest, it is fitting that the Christian ministry — either in the aspect of its broad, comprehensive manifestation of the doctrines of Christ, or in respect to some specialty of its constitution or its work — should form the subject of the preacher s sermon. And, indeed, so has our Church ordered, for the rubric which im mediately precedes each 'form of making' and 'ordering' — gives the following explicit direction : — ' When the day appointed by the Bishop is come, after morning prayer is ended, there shall be a ser mon, or exhortation, declaring the duty and office of such as come to be admitted deacons (or priests), how necessary each order is in the Church of Christ, and also how the people ought to esteem them in their office,' Now, in compliance with that instruction, it shall be my aim this morning to place before you as clearly as I can a brief outline of the unique nature and origin of that divine institution to the first and second orders of which five of our brethren are presently to be respectively admitted, and to show how in Holy Scripture stress is laid upon the proclamation of Christ — for the benefit of mankind— as the all-absorbing theme and distinguishing characteristic of the office. The clergy of that branch of Christ's Church to which it is our privilege to belong stand, in this age of stirring activities and multi tudinous societies, in the various grades of a ministry whose history is inseparably interwoven with the history of the civilised world. The authority for our commission bears no stamp of recent date. It is not of human origin, but divine. Let me invite you to-day, my friends, to send your thoughts back ward up through the continuous onflowing, though ever and anon tortuous and many-branching, stream of the Church's life. In one swift retrospective sweep up through the checkered stretch of nearly nineteen centuries go back to the very beginning of the Christian era, to that first year which witnessed the unostentatious and quiet birth-pangs of the present glorious dispensation, when there occurred amidst the very meanest surroundings and humblest associations that momentous event which has shed such tremendous influence upon the present possibilities and future destiny of the human race — that great enigma to the master-minds outside the Church's pale, ; which they are ever striving in vain satisfactorily to solve upon ) hypotheses other than the account which God's Word supplies. j But will you not say my invitation is superfluous 1 For have not ] your thoughts during the last few weeks been frequently attracted thitherward, seeing that the Church, in her loving care, has pro vided that the lessons of this Advent season shall annually bring before the minds of her children the Bible accounts (and it is solely upon such I intend now to base my remarks) of the miraculous birth into the world ;of Jesus of Nazareth, that holy and gracious Son of God, the Logos who, as co-existent and co-equal with the Father of the universe, had taken His part from all eternity in the counsels of the Divine Omnipotence ? By the assumption of man's nature and the revelation of the God head in manhood to man He became thenceforth the most holy pattern and the highest ideal example for mankind to copy, whilst by the uniform exhibition of His perfect attributes, and the constant inculcation of His plenary teaching, He is, has been from the first, and ever will be, the only true exponent of all that is holy, exalted, and Godlike in man. ' Yes, brethren, the birth of the Christ into the human family, the joyous commemoration of which you are all prepared in some way or other to celebrate to-morrow, was the divinely appointed means of bringing fully into the world the greatness and the glory and the love of the eternal Godhead, all which had been revealed before, it is true, but only partially ; and. the effects of that Infant's birth, that Child's life, that Master's teaching and example, are inherited by every successive generation as the common property of mankind. The birth without a parallel ; the human life without stain or sin ; the unceasing well-doing, without a thought of self ; the most exalted teaching, without fault or flaw — all these furnish the materials of the story recorded in each of the four Gospels ; and the same maybe asserted as to the prevailing and all-constraining motive underlying the other writings of the New Testament. A distinguished modern preacher has said — ' Paul's letters, the re velations of St. John (now recognised by the most careful critics as one of the earliest Christian documents), the first three Gospels, the apostolic letters, and lastly that beautiful book, the Gospel of St. John — these, written by different authors at different dates, but all during the lifetime of Christ's contemporaries, give as in various lights and shades descriptions of what Jesus of Nazareth did and said' (Rev. F. R. Wynne, the Church of England Pulpit and Ecclesiastical Review, July, 1881). Christ's life and teaching exhibit perfect models of the purest con ceptions of everything that is grand and noble, gentle and kind, lowly and unselfish in man ; and yet there are interspersed with all these graces, reiterated again and again, such marvellous, unique, and, were they to appeal merely to the intellectual side of man, unin telligible and repellant assertions as—' I and My Father are one ;' 'He that hath seen Me hath seen the Father ;' 'No man cometh unto the Father but by Me ;' 'I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life ;' ' Apart from Me ye can do nothing'— and many such like sayings. Any teacher only human, however high the moral standard he aspired to, or broad bis mental grasp, might be, who should incul cate such doctrine as that, would be universally regarded as a mad man, deceiver, or sentimental dreamer. But the Great Teacher, brethren, does not appeal to man's intellect as the arbiter of His claims. As, in the physical and moral domains, the truth of facts and the discernment of actions are attested by the bodily senses, or by the moral perceptions in the soul of man, so also in every man who is brought face to face with the gospel message there is a spiritual consciousness, the special function of which is to receive and retain impressions of spiritual revelation. Says a recent writer—' Read the Gospels through care fully and attentively, with the apostles' commentaries upon them, running through the several Epistles, particularly St. Paul's, and. then ask yourselves fairly and honestly if they do not appeal to you in a way that no other book in the world ever did, in some thing the same way that your conscience speaks to you.' Yes, beloved, some of you know by experience, and I am sure will readily confess it to yourselves now, that after even a lifelong study of the Holy Scriptures, when reading for the thousandth time some old familiar passage, you often feel still as acutely as ever you did the keen edge of the ' sword of the Spirit which is the Word of God.' Wonderful indeed is that cleaving, penetrating Spirit of Christ, which dwells always in His gracious words, and carries with ever undiminished force its own unique divine thrill of conviction deep into the hearts of men 1 And this attractive force in Christ is only what He promised. ' I, if I be lifted up from (or out of ) the earth, will draw all men unto Me.' As, then, the intentional effect of Christ's coming into the world was to lift man to a higher level, and to attract him ever after wards to higher pursuits and nobler ai'xis than the greatest and wisest mere anthropological philosophy could ever hope to achieve, it was necessary to provide for the perpetual inculcation and carrying on of this new teaching. ' In Christ Jesus, of course, as the Founder of the religion, inhered the right to appoint such means as He deemed fit to accomplish the end He had in view. He chose to employ human agency ; and, therefore, to those men who had been specially prepared and trained by Himself He issued His grand and glorious commission. We have it duly recorded in the last three verses of the last chapter of St. Matthew's Gospel—' And Jesus came unto them, and spake unto them, saying, All authority hath been given unto Me in heaven and on earth. Go ye, therefore, and make disciples of all nations, baptising them into the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost : teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I commanded you : and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world.' Now, here we have the indisputable authority for the existence of the Church through all the age of the Christian dispensation. In these words we have— if I may be allowed to throw back to an anterior date the use of a later historical term — the Magna Charta of the universal Church of Christ. It is well, however, I think, that we should carefully seek to know — not only by what ib clearly revealed, but also by reasonable deductions from the sacred writings — how the authority was passed on through and beyond the primary commissioners to our succession of bishops to 'ordain' and 'appoint' 'ministers of Christ and stewards of the mysteries of God.' Our Blessed Lord frequently referred to His own authority to teach : — 'I must preach, for therefore am I sent;' 'For neither have I come of Myself, but He (the Father) sent me ; ' He that receiveth Me receivetii Him that sent Me.' He referred, too, to the direct commission His disciples were to receive from Him — e.g., 'As my Father sent me, even so send I you ; ' ' He that receiveth whomsoever I send receiveth Me.' So far, then, the authority is perfectly clear. No room is left for mistake or misapprehension as regards the sender of our Lord, or the sent in His own case, or that of the eleven apostles. But the New Testament records positively nothing, either in the commission itself or in our Lord's anticipatory allusions to it, as to the number of orders in His ministry, nor directions to the apostles about the nrecise manner of passing on the authoritv so unmistak ably given to themselves. There is no direct and specific, ' Send ye others as I have sent you,' for that might be regarded as implying a stopping point in His own authority, a virtual abdication of His peculiar right and never- ceasing power. And yet, brethren, if we analyse carefully this final apostolic warrant of our Lord, we must surely see that it necessarily involves and carriea in itself the germs of its own reproduction, to sprout, blossom, and fiuctify in all those who were afterwards to be, as Matthias immediately after the Ascension was, and as BarnabaB and Saul subsequently were, 'separated' under the power of 'the Holy ' Ghost' ' for the work whereunto' He may ' call them.' Not to enter into the tangled meshes which in past controversies have become entwined about the vexed question of ' apostolical suc cession' in the sense insisted on by some, this at least appears to me to be perfectly clear : — That Christ's final delegation to the eleven apostles carried with it the perpetuity of Christ's religion, and imposed upon those who should afterwards be duly authorised the obligation perpetually to administer the two sacraments ' ordained by Christ Himself,' baptism being directly mentioned, and the other, the Holy Communion of ' His body and blood' being included, together with everything else He taught, in the words — ' Teaching them to observe all things, whatsoever I commanded you.' The whole scheme of Christ's teaching was, from first to last, to be carried on 'unto the end of the world' under the perpetually trans mitted authority of the Divine Head, and this waB to be accomplished by those who should be duly 'called,' 'separated,' and 'appointed' to the work, and with all proper regard to order, discipline, and decorum. And, simultaneously with the carrying out of that scheme in accordance with the Holy Founder's design, His continual presence in the body corporate was promised — 'Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world.' How the Church grew and multiplied, the lines upon which the apostles worked, and the gradual development of organised rule and discipline, we may gather from the Acts of the Apostles and some of the Epistles. Christ having given Himself as the foundation of the ' spiritual building,' laid there His principles broad and deep, and having, with a comprehensive simplicity, declared the essentials of the office, was quite content to leave the erection of the superstructure in the hands of the men who had been HiB earthly associates, friends, and scholars, during, at the very least, the three years of His active public life, and whose ardent personal attachment to Himself would ever induce them to comply to the utmost of their power with every known wish of their sLord and Master. ? If you ask, then, Whence doeB the Church derive her authority for the three orders in the ministry, and how comes the acknowledged ?tight of bishops to ordain ? I would answer that neither rests upon any direct command of Christ, but, first, that as St. Paul, in his Epistle to the ColoBsians, represents the ordinances under the law as ' a shadow of things to come,' and the writer of the Epistle to the Hebrews repeats the simile, we are justified in assuming that the ministry under the law was typical of that which was to follow, and that as under the old dispensation we find three orders — high priest, priests, and Levites — so Christ, who 'came not to destroy,' but to 'fulfil the law,' by shedding upon it the clear, penetrating light of His ineffable teaching, dispersed the ?shadow, disclosing Himself the 'Great High Priest,' the chosen apostles, and the seventy (whose mission St. Luke, alone records) as the antitypical three orders, Secondly, we may reasonably infer from the last verse of St. John's Gospel that there were lesBons taught to the disciples by Christ of which no record has come down to us, but which in the apoBtle's commission would certainly be included in the ' all things . . , to observe;' and, if so, is it unlikely that certain practices which are coeval with the establishment of the Christian Church itself had their origin in those unrecorded teachings of the Saviour —e.g., the substitution of the Resurrection Day for the Sabbath, the admission of infants to baptism, and the continual threefold order in the ministry 1 And, thirdly, I would answer that, apart from these important but hypothetical considerations, it is sufficient for us to know that, after our 'Great High Priest ' had Himself 'passed into the heavens' certain orders in various grades below the apostles are unmistakably recognisable during the lifelong ministry of the apostles themselves ; which orders, after the death of the last of the twelve, plainly appear aB bishops, the superintending and perpetuating third order ; as elders (the original word for which through 'presbyter ' having finally settled down in the word priest), the second order ; and as deacons, the less responsible only because subordinate to the elders, but not less important as active workers in the ministry, the third order. And that the first sixteen centuries of ecclesiastical history show that this immediate outcome of the apostle's com. mission was, concurrently with the Church's growth during these centuries, universally recognised as Christ's appointed ministry ; and that the graduated orders thus established were uniformly followed and never seriously called to question until the time of the Beformation. And if we seek a testimony in evidence of the wisdom of that divinely appointed threefold order, may we not find it in the Church's great need now for the revival and extension, in the original sense, of the diaconate? For is it not evident that if the work of the Christian ministiy is to advance and keep pace with the great progress of human knowledge and civilisation it must surely be by a vast increased supply of workers in the vineyard ? And do not reason and expediency alike point to an extensive increase of the lowest order as the most effectual way of meeting the need ? Such, then, brethren, is the nature and orgin of the sacred ministry to our respective officeB, in which, after — as we trust in the case of each of us — yielding to the call of the Holy Spirit, we receive from the Bishop, as the lawful authority in the Church, our commission to be ' preachers ' of ' Christ Jesus the Lord, and your servants for ueBus Base. St. Paul in his epistles enumerates numberless details regarding the duty and conduct of all who are 'called to any office and administration in the same.' But these may all be considered as summed up in my text — ' We preach . . . Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake.' Just as our Lord, in His terBe, incisive way, said the 'whole law and the prophets' 'hang' on the two great commandments, ' love to God' and ' love to man,' so might it be said ' loyalty to Christ and loving service to man for Jesus' sake' furnish a brief compendium of the work of the Christian ministry. To 'preach Christ Jesus the Lord' implies to explore and investi gate, to become imbued and familiar with, and then to proclaim in every conceivable light and shade every truth and fact that can be established as a thesis in or as a legitimate outcome of Christ's teachiner. And this is indeed a wide field, affordine the amnlest scope for the exercise of all those diversified powers of the intellect and affections of the heart that have been and shall continue to be consecrated to the work of the ministry. An injunction of an apostle to a bishop was — ' Qive diligence to I present thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, handling aright the word of truth.' Now, a full and comprehensive preaching of my text must secure that right handling, for he who strives to reach the standard of St. Paul's preaching by setting before men the Saviour under His three great names, will not only observe the order of sequence in the unfold ing of the ' Word made flesh,' which is the ' mystery of godliness,' but will seek also, having his own heart filled with love and his head with the best knowledge in his power to attain, to present the many- sided characteristics involved in each name. To preach Christ the Anointed One is to open out for our text all the Messianic prophecies, to trace through the whole of the Jewish economy the general expectancy of a clearer revelation from God, and to establish the identity in Jesus of Nazareth with the ex pected Messiah. What rare equipments does the preacher who would preach all that can be proclaimed under the heading of this one word require for his task ! Well-sifted knowledge, the result of deep research in the rich mines of Oriental history, language, and customs ; a familiar acquaintance with the modes of thought and poetic imagery in which the expectation of the Messiah was fostered in the Jewish mind ; a wisdom profound enough, at any rate, to grapple with the subtleties of human theories and philosophies, which have been set up to overthrow the claims of Christ to the Messiahship. But, alas, how small a number in our ranks are competent to meet this demand 1 The full preaching of the Christ as the realisation of the Messianic prophecies must, after all, be left to the masterly scholars in the ministry, and the commoner sort of us must be content to draw largely upon their labours and abide by their, conclusions. Yet, so far as our powers are competent, we must be able not only to satisfy our own minds clearly as to the ' reason concerning the hope that is in us,' but we must qualify ourselves as best we can by patient labour, diligent study, and humble dependence on our Father in heaven to ' powerfully confute' the gainsay ers, and convincingly to 'show by the Scriptures' that ' Jesus is the Christ.' Again, to ' preach Jesus' is to dwell prominently upon the humanity of Christ. The very word breathes all those gentle graces, human sympathies, holy thoughts, and pure affections which should ever be the very unction of our earthly ministry. And yet with all the ineffable sweetness and loveliness which the name suggests, we * trace underlying them in the Great Deliverer such inimitable courage, endurance, manliness, nobility of cbaraoter, and loftiness of purpose as to leave far away in the rear the greatest and noblest of ancient or modern heroes. The full preaching of Jesus will exhibit not a partial and one-sided conception of His character, but the full and varied manifestation of all that the name implies. The humiliation, the sufferings and death, and the atonement in all their bearings upon mankind will find their place under the text of 'Jesus.' Whether in our efforts to turn the 'sinner from the error of his ways,' or to edify and encourage believers, Jesus must be our theme. The/spirit and power of that name, carried through the thousand channels of our ministry, will prove the only antidote against many of the various ' ills that flesh is heir to.' Hatreds and jealousies, sordid selfishness and corrupting impurities, the warped judgments and paltry meannesses, the narrow prejudices and corroding discontents which lie festering in the nature of man will be softened and lessened in extent and power just in proportion as Jesus is persistently exhibited as the sinner's Friend, and as man's Brother-helper. And, lastly, under the title 'Lord' we proclaim His power, dominion, and glory. Under that title we preach Him as the triumphant Conqueror in all our contests with temptation and sin. As ' Lord our righteousness,' He has conquered all for our sake ; as Lord reigning supreme in the hearts of men— the throne of His spiritual kingdom — He is our Emmanuel, the God with us there, the Source of our power and strength, the Fountain of our purity and holinpss. and thfi Sust.ainer and Director of that new life He has eiven US. To preach the Lord we must exhibit Him as bursting the bonds of the grave and rising triumphant, so abolishing death and establish ing His dominion thenceforth, over the living and the dead. As in Him 'death is swallowed up in victory,' it is in Him as Lord that our hope of immortality lies. Proclaiming Him under this title, brethren, is not the response of many a heart, borne on the radiant wing of the ' eternal hope' in Christ the ' Lord,' that feeling of irrepressible gratitude which finds spontaneous utterance in the apostle's exclamation — ' Thanks be to God which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.' Again, it is as ' Lord, the Judge of quick and dead,' He is to preside over that great assize at the end of the present dispensation, when ' before Him shall be gathered all nations,' and that awful separation shall be made, when every one shall receive a 'just recompense of reward,' 'according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad.' Viewing Christ as Lord of glory, we may, if we choose (provided the contemplation do not retard the practical duties of our ministry), dwell in rapturous anticipation on all those second advent blessings, which form every true Christian's longing hope, but which, come how or when, it is not for us to know. Such an outline as I have endeavoured to draw represents, I submit, a fair estimate of the sense in which ' Christ Jesus the Lord' is to be preached. Can those of us who have been duly called and commissioned to the work of the ministry truly (and with self-inclusion prominent in our minds) re-echo St. Paul's words, and say — ' We ... preach Christ Jesus the Lord?' Is there an individual minister whose commission dates back through a long term of years, or a short one, who would have the temerity to say — ' I do ?' Can there be found one, even, in the great register containing the names of all who have been commissioned to preach since the beginning of Christianity of whom it may be incontrovertibly said, 'That one didi' or ' This one does ?' Ah 1 no ; it is impossible, brethren. The subject of ' Christ Jesus the Lord' is so vast and deep, it opens a field 60 boundless, that the very highest powers, intellectual, moral, and spiritual, of any one man, even though they be consecrated and be ever impelled onward by the intensest burning desire to ' spend and be spent' in the Master's service, must still fall lamentably short of reaching the high aim which the text sets before us. Men's mind?, and characters, and dispositions, their training and associations, must inevitably more or less tinge their views of Christ's teaching. We have this gift in 'earthen vessels,' and the fact that all vessels are not made alike, of the same material, quality, and capacity, must not be ignored — the cast and tone of the mind will assert itself. Man's mind cannot help analysing, selecting, and allying itself with that aspect of truth which presents itself as the most important phase, or at least as more important than numberless others ; and so of the many-hued blossoms of the Christian 'tree of knowledge,' some more attract one, and some another. Take, for example, the 'doctrine of the atonement.' It is a vastly important and necessary one in the Christian economy, but its \- importance and necessity do not justify the assertion which someone made, and which many approve — viz., that ' no sermon can be truly said to preach Christ' which does not contain what have been laconically styled the 'three R's of Christian doctrine' — 'ruin,' ' redemption,' ' regeneration.' Christ's teaching was not confined to an exposition on the atone ment, nor did He set forth that great article of our faith from the standpoint of these three doctrines only ; they present to us a theory based on a part of His teaching ; but He taught Himself as a living Person, not a theory — Himself the 'Way, the Truth, and the Life'— Himself the ' Light of the World.' But though Paul did not say, and no individual minister can say, in the full sense of the meaning, ' I preach Christ Jesus the Lord,' the assertion may yet be made, with perfect truth, of the Christian ministry, taken as a whole— of the ministry, i.e., in its capacity as a 'body corporate.' In a splendid address on the ' Internal Unity of the Church,' delivered before the Leicester Church Congress about two years ago, the Bishop of Durham argued most forcibly and eloquently that the existence in the ranks of the ministry of our Church of three great schools of thought — referred to, for the sake of distinction, aB the Evangelical, High, and Broad Church parties — which he showed had their prototypes in the age of the apostles, in a Cephas, a Paul, and an Apollos, was an unquestionable blessing, which we were bound to thank God heartily for, inasmuch as they tend to preserve and to pro claim those many phases of Christian doctrine of which I have spoken. Surely, brethren, if we who strive in humble dependence upon divine grace to preach ' Christ Jesus the Lord' can satisfy ourselves that we have been called of the Holy Spirit to the work ; that we have been duly commissioned by lawful authority ; that we conform to the due order, discipline, and authority in the Church; and, though last not least, that our hearts are filled with the love and spirit of Christ, then the mode, and the manner, and method in which we present to you of the laity the doctrines of Christ may well be left to that 'liberty' which is allowed 'where the Spirit of Christ is.' The last words in my text open up a train of thought very sugges tive and profitable to follow, but time does not permit me to dwell upon it. Under this head I will address a few words to you, brethren, who are about to go forth to-day as deacons and priests of our Church, and with such remarks bring my subject to a close. Brethren, you leave this church to-day with the seal of your re spective orders in the ministry of Christ's Word upon you. You yourselves and no other human being are the true judges as to your inward call of the Holy Ghost. You, like those of us who have preceded you in the ministry, have settled that question with your own conscience; your presence here to-day is an evidence of that fact. Your presence here must be taken as an evidence, too, that you are en titled to receive at the hands of your Bishop that ordination which you must regard as the Church's seal of authority upon your inner call ; for it implies that you have at least satisfied the authorities to whom you were bound to submit yourselves in examination that you pos sess the qualifications which are deemed necessary for the office. But although you will, by your ordination, be raised, some of you, to that order in which we are to live and die — for beyond it the great majority of us never think to pass — and some of you to that order in which your ministry must first be proved, do not, even for a moment, suppose that your ordination itself will make you a whit better in God's sight than you were before, or superior to your lay brethren in piety, or in the possession of the individual fruits of the spirit. JTour ordination and vows vastly increase your responsibility, your allegiance to your Lord and Master, and your obligation to teach, to the best of your powers, the doctrines of Christ. It vastly, too, increases the claims of your fellow-Christians— and indeed, of mankind at large — upon you ; for till death, or till laid aside by infirmity of body or mind, you must henceforth regard your selves as ' preachers of Christ Jesus the Lord,' and His people's Ber vants, for Jesus your Master's sake. Exercise, then, brethren, such a thoughtful and loving care in rendering to the people committed to your charge, that service which they may claim of you for Jesus' sake, as will affectionately attract them to your ministry. Discharge the duties of your office, ' not of constraint, but wil lingly ; nor yet for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind ; neither as lording it over the charge allotted to you, but making yourselves ensamples to the flock.' You have a noble mission and loving service committed to you, but remember ever that you have it in earthen vessels. It will really succeed only as Christ's Spirit in you makes it suc ceed. Your own souls will require continual replenishment of your Master's Spirit, for without that your ministry must become the seasonless salt whose impotency was so contemptuously spoken of by our Lord. Never forget, brethren, that you are servants of those to whom you minister, and that all within your range may expect and claim your service. The dying and the sick have the first claim ; the poor and destitute ' in mind, body, or estate' have their claim ; the young especially, for they will form at least half your charge ; the captive and the free, the thoughtful and the seeking, the thoughtless and the indif ferent, the vicious and the profligate — in fact, ' all sorts and conditions of men' have their claims upon you. To all these classes, and such like among you, brethren of the laity, we owe, as a life-long debt, this service ; and not for our own sakes— not wholly for yours, but for Jesus' sake. There is a touching pathos in the use of that name here, for it intimately connects Christ's human ministry with our poor and imperfect efforts. Pray, then, brethren, that for Jesus' sake the ministry of these your servants may be a fruitful and blessed one. 