The return of Mr. Copeland for East Sydney by such a triumphant majority must be taken as an emphatio and decided expres sion of the desire of the electors to givo the new Government a fair and honest trial. No donbt Dr. Renwick injured his own cause' by his efforts to separate himself from bis late colleagues, and to prove that ! although he consented to the introduction of the Land Bill, he never believed in the principles it contained. It would have been bad enough to present himself in the light ' of a man who did what he conscientiously believed to be wrong, but it was inQnitely worso to " confess " that some of his col leagues were as bad as himself. This we say may have militated against bis election, but it certainly did not lose him anything like the number of votes that would have been required to securo his return. Ii. seems, thereforo, that it is the will of the people that Mr. Stuart and his colleagues should have a fair start in their efforts to reform the land laws of the colony; and while we hold to the opinion that in the policy tbey have foreshadowed they aw utterly and entirely wrong, we are willing to concur in tbo verdict of the electors, and giya them the opportunity of proving that tho are worthy of the confidence they have won. It will not escape the attention of thos? who endeavour to read public opinion at the ballot boxes, that Mr. Copeland polled 790 more totes at yesterday's eleotion than Mr. Reid did in his recent contest with Mr Elkington, while Dr. Renwick polled 25 1 less than he did at the last general election The conclusion to be drawn from this is, tha the Government are growing in strength while their opponents are certainly not in : creasing in popular favour. It may ho, as Dr. Renwick stated at the declaration of th» poll, that " some day the tables would lv " turned, and the popular idols would bo ds " throned." Of coarse all Governments ar bonnd to fall, and there is no reason why M r Stuart's should enjoy auy special iramunit. but so far as can be seen, it will not bo 4h fault of the people if his political carcor i wrecked at the outset. He starts on th wave of pnblic opinion, and if he faili to enjoy a successful caroer it will lv beoause of the inherent defects in his Govern ment, and not for any lack of popular sym pathy. That these defects will crop np wi have no reasonable doubt, bnt till they do. the bon. and elated gentlemen mav bast iu tbo fiuctbico of pqhlio favour, find r.- ... 1 joico in the good fortune that is theirs. It is to be feared, however, that their peace of mind will be sorely disturbed by the Land Bill they will require to introduce iu the early stages of the next session. It has brought other and more powerful Govern ments to grief, and the people of New South "Wales will be fortunate if a satisfactory solu tion of the difficulty is found without the rise and fall of successive Governments. It iB not, however, onr purpose on tho pre sent occasion to discuss the merits of that important question, bnt to glance at the position of the new Administration. They meet the Honse not only with their seats filled, bat with the additional prestige of an overwhelming majority in the one which was contested yesterday. They have mea sures cut and dried by their predecessors which will take them through the current session, and if they are not able in a long recess to prepare for the next session, they will have no one bnt themselves to blame. There may be in the political horizon a clond no bigger than a man's band that will ulti mately cover the whole earth, bnt the bon. gentlemen will understand and appreciate the proverb that " sufficient for the " day is the evil thereof." There is scarcely a public question on which the members of the Government do not hold diverse opinions, and it is qnite impossible that their bappy relations will last for ever. If the truth were known, it is quite likely that in this early stage of their history they have bad more dissensions than Dr. Renwick confesses, and Sir Henry Parkes denies, that the recent Government ever had. If not, like yonng bears, their troubles are all before them, and we fear, while we regret the prospect, that instead of peacefnl legis lation there will be strife, disorder, and change. Tbc election was not, however, without its satisfactory features. That there was per sonation is of coarse nndoabted, bat tho decision was so pronounced that no one can go away with the uncomfortable impression that the resnlt has been attained by frand It is not pleasing to learn that there were five ascertained cases of personation, bat it is satisfactory to learn that, as the offence was committed, the culprits were detected and handed over to justice. For the active part he took in preventing fraudulent voting the Returning Officer is to be congratulated, bnt in tho sentimental sympathy he dis played for the guilty parties he showed that he was not made of stern enough material to protect the pnblic rights. If tho fundamental principles of representative Government are not to be undermined and destroyed, we mast have less of this official pity for those who lend themselves to its destruction. If anything coald promote personation it would be this evident desire to ! forgive the personators becauso they were contemptible enongh to " do it " for two or three glasses of ram. It is to be hoped that the magistrates who are called npon to bear and determine tho cases will not weaken tho law by any misdirected zeal for the per- Bonators. Mr. Heydon's motion in the Assembly yesterday for the addition of Mr. M'Elhone, Mr. Barbonr, and himself to the committee of two, to which tho Government have rele gated land legislation, was lost without a division. Perhaps this was for the best. Everyone knows that the investigations of Messrs. Ranken and Morris into land legis lation will not practically advance the settle ment of the land question an inch. Both gentlemen may be set down as land philoso phers with an overweening confidence in their own abilities to settle the land ques tion right off. Bnt, as Sir Henry Parkes put it yesterday, the Government have an nounced that they will grapple with the land question next session. Though evoryone knows that if tbey can find a decent excuse the Government will avoid tbo land question instead of grappling with it ; still it is as well in the publia interests that they should not complain of opposition, let or hindrance, ' now that they have themselves fixed the ! time for their execution. These are j tho true grounds on which tho com position of their procions committee should . remain unaltered. In other words, tho : late Premier Baid of tho present Government yesterday, " Give them rope ; " and the Assembly has undoubtedly given them rope. I This doea not in the least detract from the j trnth and force of mnch that Mr. Heydon said. It is all nonsense for the Hon. tbo : Minister for Lands to talk of tho committee | being one of pure research and inquiry, and ; that therefore the opinions of Mr. Morris and Mr. Ranken will not bo found included in its records. Both are in every senso of the words " honourable men," but each is wedded to certain crochetty ideas'of bis own on land legislation. No matter hon honourable and npright both are, it will be impossible for them to fulfil the strictly jndicial duties which Mr. Farnell has en trusted to them in a happy-go-lucky manner, Jast as the head of Charles I. cropped np every now and again in Mr. Dick's memorial, so will the drawing- room theories of Messrs, Morris and Ranken on the land question be over present in their report. If however, the new Government choose to make the eolation of land legislation by Messrs. Morris and Ranken a Ministerial question, they havo every right to do so, and it iB jast as well that in this matter they should be permitted at once to start digging their political graves. If Parliament had yesterday expressed its true opinion on the appointment of the famous Land Committee, it would have done right, bat wonld have done it inopportnnely. The Ministry would at once have posed as martyrs, and, per haps, have obtained a longer shrift before land legislation becomes their political scaf fold. Bnt now they have every . possible facility afforded tbem, and there will there fore bo tbo less excuse for them when they are brought face to face with the administra tion of the pnblic estate, and show thoir in capacity for dealing with the same. Howover odious comparisons may appear to bo, thero are occasions when tlioy must abso lutely bo made. Tho recent condemnation passed upon tho University examinations, as regards our present " vicious" system of public instruc tion, is ono of such occasions. Tho " system " Juts been decfsfCl! of producing re- sults similar to thoso of tho more highly favoured Grammar schools and Colleges of tho colony. This assertion was made because tho Public school children signally failed in " English;" and tho examination was said to bo very simple, although tho " English" was nearly all Miltonian, which is not con sidered remarkably easy to students. The honour of pussing this simple examination has, moreover, been eagerly sought by our Queens land neighbours, and wo are quite suro they have not done bo on account of its simplicity. Nor do the masters of our own Grammar and Col legiate schools regard it in any such puerile light. Now, with respect to tho " results " themselves, we havo taken the number of pupiln who havo "passed" from the 17 Public schools, and compared their work with that of 17 Grammar and Collegiuto schools in the fol- lowingjsubjects: — History, geography, English, arithmetic, geometry, and algebra. Forty-nine pupils passed, from the Public schools— 10 of which are designated as " Superior," while from the 12 Grammar schools and live colleges 118 boys got through. In tho aggregate number of marks tho Public school boys beat tho com bined team in geography, arithmetic, and algebra, and equal them 'in geometry; but suffer defeat in botli history and English, and especially in English. Separating ,tlio marks into " high and low," tho combined team tako the honors for English, geomotrv, and algebra; L\it tbo fublic fichijQl boys beat them in history and geography — in tho latter in a very marked degree — and equal them in arithmetic. As these results are gained from tho number of pupils' who actually passed, and in ignorance of the total numbers sent for examination from each school, we foil to perceive wliero the " vicious" system has failed. It seems rather that in tho absence of the numerous advantages possessed by the grammar and other schools, such as pertain to residence with their mas ters, superintendence of studies out of school hours, arid individual masters for separate subjects, our Public school teachers deserve much commendation for their.success- ful efforts under tho "vicious" system. Wo know that at least, in ono of the so-called " High schools," no High school teaching has been carried on for some months past, and yet it scored a win at the University. To the Public school, Paddington, belongs the honour of ono of its pupils passing with "high" marks for five out of tho six subjects enumerated, whilo Fort-streot school has ob tained a silver medal for, and equals the Brisbano Grammar School in,' arithmetic. Wo fail, therefore, to seo how tho " vicious " system has proved its villainy, except in its success against its more highly favoured com petitors. So far as regards tho actual num ber of pupils sent up for examination, the chances are greatly in favour of the combined team, the parents of whom aro generally better able, "as well as more willing, to pay the necessary fees for tho examinations, and this necessarily lessens tho Public school teachers' chances in any numerical comparison. So far as present experience goes, tho public is fully equal to giving such an education to all classes of our children as will enable them to gain a living, and to fit them for any posi tion in society which their ability may enable them to obtain. A deputation, representing various Munici palities throughout the colony, wailed on the Colonial Secretary yesterday in reference to a question of considerable importance. What the deputation actually asked for was an en dowment of a £ for £ on tho taxation within the country Municipalities of the colony, but the interview derived additional importance from the fact that the inseparable question of local self-government generally was entered into, and dwelt upon by tho Premier, who clearly indicated what the views of the present Government aro in reference to it. The Government recognise, ho told tho deputation, that this was a question of tho utmost importance — a fact, by the way, which no one could fail to see ; aud that it had been too long delayed already, a fact equally patent to all, seeing that New South Wales is, in this matter of local self- government, lamentably behind many younger colonies of tho empire. He promised, how ever, that the matter was one of those to which the Government will give their earliest attention, at the same time warning tho depu tation that, as matters political now stood in tho colony, there were other questions which the Government, occupying the position they do, must consider of paramount import ance. I TIlO Prince Alfred Hospital seem3 already to I be sotting a notable example of the improve ments which recent science and thought havo -offectcd in tho administration of such institu tions. But in one matter of detail the admiuis- ; tration of the Prince Alfred Hospital has yet to be improved upon. It possesses neither telegraphic nor telephonic communication with any official authority in Sydney. Situated as it is in a suburb, the worst of accidents may bo brought into it, and no ono be the wiser for some days. We all know how tho calm reticenco preserved at tho Sydney Hospital lias, before now, enabled people who met with accidents to have died and been buried uniden tified before their friends and relatives heard anything of the matter. But tho authorities at the Prince Alfred Hospital, to do them justice, afford at once the most complete information in cases of the kind mentioned. That informa tion, howover, does not reach tho city or obtain publication for some days, bccauso the Prince Alfred Hospital lies along wny off. Could not a telephone line be established between tho Hospital and tho Central Police Station, and the whole city would know each morning of tho casualty cases received in tbo Hospital on the previous night. The polling for a member to represent East .Sydney in the place of Mr. M'Elhone, resigned, took place in Hyde Park yesterday, and resulted in the return of the Hon, Henry Copeland over Dr. Renwick. Excitement ran high over the con test during the day, and the committee of both candidates worked hard, Tbo poll was declared at a quarter to 5, and the result was received with deafeniDg cheers. A report of tho proceedings appears elsewhere. The Assembly met at 1,80 p.m. yesterday. Sir Henry Parkes made a personal explanation re garding certain statements of Dr. Renwick during his candidature for East Sydney, Twenty-one questions were on the order paper, and several of them were important. The notices of motion either dropped, or were ngreed to without division, except that of Mr. Heydon, for adding three names to the land committee. After n very brief debate, this was negatived without a division, and the House adjourned at two minutes past 0 o'clock p.m. I The Legislative Assembly will meet again this ! afternoon, Mr, Cameron lias given notice to ask the Secretary for Public Works if he intends extending the eight-hour system to the" men em ployed in the dredge service, and also to the railway porters j Mr, Poole intends ask ing the Colonial Secretary to lay on the table the papers connected with Mr. Garbett's North Shore Bridge proposal ; Dr. Ross will ask tho Secretary for Public Works if he will see that every paEseDger train is provided with n necessary supply of medical appliances. Referring to Dr. Renwick's recent electioneer ing Bpeeehes, Sir Henry Pnrkcs, in the Assembly last night, took the opportunity of remarking that he was not aware that there were any dissensions in the late Cabinet on the question of the Land Bill. The Colonial Secretary, in reply to Mr, Triekctt, intimated in the Assembly last night that the Go vernment was not satisfied with the arrangements connected with the Wolverene, and that the ques tion of the future use of the vessel was engaging tbc serious consideration of the Government, In the Legislative Assembly yesterday after noon, Sir Henry Parkes expressed a wish that all papers relating to the proposed North Shore Bridge should be laid on the table, as he noticed several notices were on the paper in connection therewith. It not being deemed ndvisahle in the Assembly, yesterday, to tako a division on Mr. Heydon's motion for tho addition of the names of Messrs. M'Elhone, Barbour, and himself, to Mr. Farnell's extempore committee on the land question, Mr. M'Elhone escaped from tho House after what would be called on the stage " a terrific struggle," and the expenditure of some verbal wrath. The writ for the East Sydney election was re turned with commendable promptitude yesterday ' evening, and tho successful candidate, the Hon, Henry Copeland, Minister for Works, took his seat shortly after five o'clock. Be fore he came, avant courier- of his success, in the persons of Mr. J. B, Olliffe and Mr. M'Elhone, made their appearance. The former shook hands with tbc Ministry as far as Mr. Cohen, and stopped thftrc. The latter executed a pan tenl indicative of triumph as he came fresh from the hustings to the House. Mr. Copeland made his rg-putry in a very quiet way, alld the scene was quite different to that on the 17th December, 1879, whin Dr. Benwick's opinions on education returned him by au enormous majority over the head of Mr. Tooth, At the close of the declaration of tho poll "®8tor- day, the Returning Officer, when replying to thb usual vote of thanks, Btated that during the day five men were arrested for personating, and that one of tbem told him he did it for three glasses of rum. The Returning Officer remarked that he had been in and out of tho booths every five minutes during the day, and determined to put a stop to such proceedings, Tho prisoners will bo cbBrged at the Central i'oliee Court to-day. It is said that informal negotiations aro on foot for the use of tbn'present Masonic Hall as a Police Court, in lieu of the Central Police Court, The Government, should the change be made, will then consider the whole question of utilising the sites of the present Central Polico Court and the Fruit Market. It is understood thnt the editor of the Dulletia has entered into partnership with a sexton, and that in future that doleful publication will be known as the Grave-yard. A new office, wo believe; is in course of excavation at llaslam's Creek, and the burial service is to be kept in type as a per petual and appropriate leader, Sick persons, who find a melancholy interest in tho perusal of this publication, state that there has - never been an issue without a corpse, a gravestone, or a ghost. There was, however, an effort to he cheerful at Christmas time, and accordingly a coloured supple mint waB produced, representing a dying buskiunp.. la last weck'q issue ihufu u na old \- i ' - i saiMiiwaaw — »>! — U cut "of Kelly, the bushranger, with the name of Mr, Wright, the Poatmsster-Gcneral, printed under it. Mr. Wright may not be altogether a model Minister, but be has done nothing to justify the Graveyard in first disfiguring his personal appear ance, and then putting him in the Chamber of Horrors. The committee of inquiry appointed to investi gate complains against the management of the Sydney Hospital invite all persons desirous of furnishing information on the subject, and (o support the same by evidence, to communicate without rielny with the chairman of toe committee at the office of the Board of Health, 127 Mac- quarie-street. Mr. G, A. Mansfield, of tho firm of Mansfield Brothers, architects, was last night entertained at a dinner at Aaron's Exchange Hotel,' ou the occa sion of his leaving for a visit to England and Europe. Alderman Dean occupied the chair, and a veiy pleasant evening was spent, A report app< are elsewhere, A case of alleged assault, in which Mr. 0 W. Hanby, sub-editor of the Sydney Daily U/leyrajih, is defendant, and a parliamentary messenger, William May, the complainant, was partially beard at the Central Police Court yesterday. Mr. Nash appeared for the complainant ; Mr. Hairy Levien for the defendant, The witnesses ex amined were Mr. Jones, Clerk of Parliament, and William May. The case was then adjourned till this morning at 10 o'clock, in consequence of the Licensing Bench sitting at noon. Last evening Professor Denton delivered the first of a series of astronomical lectures nt the Masonic Hall, the subject being " The Sun and the Interior Planets, and the Earth." There was an excellent attendance, the lecture being il lustrated in a most attractive manner by the oxyhydrogen light, and every endeav our was made by the Professor to explain the mysteries of the heavens, with much marked success. The lectures will be continued during the remainder of the week, the subject this even ing being, " The Moon and the Exterior Planets." These lectures are in every way deserving of the patronage of the Sydney public, and a good audience should be at the Masonic Hall to-night. The Registrar-General's report on the vital statistics of Sydney and suburbs for the month of December, and for the quarter ended 31st Decem ber, 18S2, showB that the births of 270 cnildren wete registered in Sydney (luring December, viz., 129 males and 141 females, being 11 more than the deaths aadt!7 below the quinquennial average. The numbettbf deaths was 299, viz.: — 124 of males and 10? of females, being S less than the average of the previous five years, There were 14 violent deaths. The number of persons of the age of 70 years and upwards that died during the month was 12. Forty-eight deaths, or 20'9G per cent, of the total number took place in public institutions. The registrars in tile suburbs of Sydney recorded in December the births of 305 children, -viz. : — 257 boys and 248 girls, being 220 in excess of the deaths, and 102 more than the average of the month from 1877 to 1881, The deaths numbered 2S5, viz.: — 104 of males and 121 of females, being 99 above the average of the pre vious five years. The violent deaths were — acci dents, 11. The number of deaths of old people was 12. The births in the metropolitan division (Sydney and euburbs) were 775, nnd the deaths 014, being respectively 35 and 50 more than tho registrations of December, 1881, The number of births for the quarter was 2420, and the deaths 1333, which aie 125 and 197 aboTe the numbers registered during the same period of 1.881. The total number of births registered in Sydney during j the year 1882 _wa? 3701 (1S77 males and 1877: females), and the deaths 5o2o (Mil 'nifties and 1114 females) — 13 more deaths and 279 more deaths than in the previous year. The numbers in the suburbs were — births 5918 (29S7 males and 2931 females), and deaths 2012 (1350 males and 1102 females) — as compared with 1881 — increase 702 and 414. Totals, metropolitan division — Births, 9072 ; deaths, 5037. The total rainfall last year was 40.J inches, which is considerably below the average of the preceding 21 years (about 51 inches). The infantile mortality in Sydney last month was at the rate of 13-G7 per cent., and 5'07 per cent, below the average from 1877 tolSSl. The percentage in the suburbs was 02.10, which is 1,87 below tho average. The Sydney Mercantile Provident Association held its Eecond annual meeting on Monday night, at the Temperance JIall, under tho chairmanship of Mr. James Watson. There was a fair attend ance. After the chairman had briefly opened the meeting, Mr. Thos, Davis, chairman of tho board of directors, came forward with the annual report, which was of a most satisfactory character. Only- one death had occnrred amongst the members during the year ; a donation of £100 from the Bank of New South Walee, nnd of £23 from Messrs, Hoffnung and Co. were acknowledged ; the society's roll had increased from 132 last year to 2iu at the present time. The ar ticles of association are in tho solicitor's hands for the purpose of being duly registered nnder Act of Parliament. Mr. Simpson had ten dered his resignation as hon. secretary to the directors, his duties being transferred to the paid secretary, Mr. Sberwin. The capital of the asso ciation had increased during tho pa9t year from £340 to about £1000. Tho report concluded with an appeal to the members to do their utmost in extending the association in every way. The adoption of the report was'movedby Mr. 0. Perry, seconded by Mr. G. Munro, supported by Mr. Win, Clarke anil Alderman Dean, nnd carried unani mously. The election of directors wbs then pro- ceeded with, the gentlemen chosen being Meesrs. T. Dnvios, Tillidge, A. M'Pherson, Geo. 11, Gougli, and J. Armstrong. A cordial vote of thanks was voted to tho directors, on the motion of Captain Eldred, seconded by Mr. M'Millnn. Mr. Davis suitably responded, on behalf of tho Board, and called for a vote of thanks to the chairman, which was carried by acclamation. Tho meeting then terminated. A correspondent, signing himself "A Member," writes complnining that the busi ness of the meeting was hurried through, and that an opportunity was not given to mombers to speak on the report, the accounts, Icq, Ho also thinks that information Eliould be supplied to members as to the number of members, the business done, and other matters of detail. The fifth annual report of tho Anglo-Israel Association of New South "Wales for 1 882, after commenting on the growing interest taken in Anglo-Israclism, stated that during the year 50 members havo been added to the roll. The treasurer's statement showed receipts to tha amount of £88 lis 9d, and a credit balance of £1 Os Gd, which compares very favourably with the report of last year, when it is borne in mind that the association has ceased to sell literature, that part of the work being now in tho hands of the agents of the association. It is with regret that the Council record the deaths of Colonel J. C, Gawler, keeper of the Crown jewels, and Captain H. P. Keighley, whose writings have dona so much to cstnblish Anglo-Israolism in the British dominions and the United States. The officers elected for the current year were : — President : Rev. William Allworth, Vice-Presidents : Messrs, H. C. Burnell, J. F. Castle, William Wright, William Speer, E. W. Rudder, and W. C. ICelk, Council : Messrs, Alexander Gordon, George Campling, Benjamin Salkild, E. J. H. Knapp, T. L, Fusedale, L, B, Bush, C. H, E. Bracken, William Williams, and Miss Ebsworth. General Secretary : Percy E. Williams. General Treasurer : C. G. L. Boyee. 'i'hc annual meoting of the Young Men's Christian Association was held in tho Association Boom last evening. There was a good attendance, and the chair was occupied by Mr. John Kent. Tbc report and financial statement for the past year was read, Mr. W. J. FoBter was re- elected president, and the following gentlemen were re elected vice-presidents : The Dean of Sydney, Rev. Dr. Steel, Rev. J. G. Frasor, Rev, Dr. Kclynack, Rev. Principal Kinross, Hon. John Frozer, Hon. Sir G. W, Allen, Mr. J. 1!. Fairfax, and Mr. H. E. A. Allan. Messrs. Id. Vickery and J. 11. Goodlet were elected hon. treasurers ; and Messrs. John Pepper and H. A, Steel were elected hon. sees. A board of manage ment, consisting of lb members, was also elected, Tbo meeting waa opened and closed with devo tional exercises. The adjourned inquest touching the death of Charles Borgan, who died from the effects of in juries received by being knocked down and rim over by a train at Rookwood station, on Saturday, was resumed yesterday by tho City Coroner. The jury returned n verdiot of accidental death, and exonerated the railway officials from all blame. A report will be found in another column. Henry Nolan, for whom Mr. Harry Levien eared, was charged, before Mr, Dillon ycBter- jl'k ' the Central Police Court, with stealing "so in e ,<J and no'C3i £rotu John Jennings. Both prosecute," nnd P01 b»d been drinking together,- and it \t'a8 a'leEcd some of the liquor the former drank was drugged, and tha prisoner snat'cUcii the purse containing the money. Prosecutor; however, was not so overcome jvifcti liquor as not to i'uiow that something wrb and instantly accused tho prisoner of the theft. In answer to the B.'.nch, Mr. Levien said that defenco would be n 'served, and prisoner was cot?" milted for trial aM the Quartet Sessions. As prisoner had gone l'"wico to tho wateu-house to ' surrender himself as s von as he hoard there wa warrant issued for h is apprehension, bail was ullowed in a Bmnll amoi mi- , A lady resident at Mu rrurundi, whownstravei. ling from that place to Sydney 1 J" secured a berth ou board the . the nunter River S.S. Com P"?y 1 1 bostfi' Newcastle, thB lady inqui the nnmbe o cabin, and. tendered what s. bo ' though i, i,,,. pound note. She received change for auch, arriving at Sydney she die. "overeel 8e_ , _ short in cash. On examinnti on of the notes, found that n £10 note had be 9n paid away £1. The manager at Newcastle communicated with by toFli"""! Mud tbet gtu Ucmn at once »- plied that the money was sale, and asking where it could be sent to. At the Central yesterday, before Mr. Dillon, S.M., George Sterling alias Miller, alias Drew, was charged on remand with having certain jewellery in bis posesaiort reasonably sus pected ofi being stolen. The charge was not proven, and the case was conse quently dismissed ; but the prisoner was sent to the Water Police Court on another charge. George Harris, 27, a painter, was fined 20s for playing pitch-and-toE8 in Pitt-street. Thomas P,ryan, on a charge of being suspected of a felony, was remanded till to-day. An accident occurred at Mr. Robert Harper's establishment, oif Bathurst-street, the victim being a boy of IX, named Stephen Donlon, a canister maker, residing at Victoria-street, Bedfern. It seems he was standing on one of the floors, and made a spring at the rope which is used for lifting gcods up, but missing his aim, fell to the ground, a distance of over 20 feet. When examined at the Hospital, it transpired that biB left wrist was dis located, and there was a blood tumour the size of a walnut on the left side of the face. James Walbam Brooks, aged 11, tried to drown himself on Monday, being disgusted with life, the spot chosen being'the foot of Market-street, He was rescued by the bystanders, and expressed his intention of trying again, Rebecca Wright, a resident of 371 Sussex-street, was admitted into the Infirmary yesterday, suffer ing from a blow witb some household utensi), inflicted by a man residing at 1 Eembla- lane. Constable Glanvillo was promptly on the Boene, and arrested the assailant, who admitted having done the deed, the woman fcc'iDg at that time in a pool of blood, and in a very weak state. The injuries are described sb lacerated scalp wonnd, three inches long, on the left and upper side of the head, attended with theusual arterial Hemorrhage, and a contused wound over rne leit eye. Yesterday afternoon a lad named Francis Doyle, who resides at 25 Rose-street, Darlington, was riding n horse in Elizabeth-street, not far from King-street, when he was thrown to the ground by a collision with a eab, the horse of which had become frightened by the tramoare, and had backed the cab into the horse Doyle was riding. A gentleman, who did not give bis name, took Doyle at once to the Hospital in a cab, where it was found that he had sustained a slight concus sion of tho brain, but the case is not regarded as by any means serious, the doctor stating that be could go home almost immediately. It is stated that the cab was painted yellow, but the number was, unfortunately, not takeo. The driver was heard to any that the accident was in no degree owing to him, but occurred simply through the frightening of his horse by tbo trameais. The Barns Club held their usual monthly meet - ing at the society's chambers on Friday. Mr. E. ri. Urodie, in feeling terms, moved the adjourn ment of the meeting as a mark of respect to the memory of the late Mr. William M'Credie, who was a prominent member of tho club, and pro posed that a letter of condolence be sent to Mrs. M'Credie. The motion was seconded by Mr. JI'Diarmid, who further suggested that the letter be engrossed and framed. The proposition having been put to the meeting by Mr. D. M'Lean, it was carried unanimously. A correspondent writes, requesting us to draw -tlie attention of the Hon. Henry Copeland, Mini ster for Works, to the fact that twelve ladies wore in the tramway waiting-rooms in Elizabeth-street on Wednesday last, and there were only four chairs to sit on. Also, that there was a filter of water in the room, but no glasses provided to drink with. We feel sore we have only to mention this aid the defect will be promptly remedied. The secretary to the Benevolent Society acknow ledges tho receipt of a donation of 12 cases of fruit for tho use of tho inmates of the asylum from Mr. Thomas Lawless, of the Markets, George-street. The No. 9 Grand Division Sons .of Temperance will give a free tea meeting to the officers, members, and their wives, at the Mission Chapel, Liverpool aad Sussex streets, on Friday evening. Mr, Justice Macfarland's lecture, on "Scenes from the discovery, early maritime exploration and settle ment of Australia, iu aid of the Kendall Fund, will be delivered at tbo School of Arts to-morrow even ing. 