"JACK." A iROMANCE OF A STATION. Dr hn.tsass J. i t itSrtf. A QUIET afternoon in'a q iet suburb of Sydnoy. Tie wcather warm-sultry even; no one visible,-probably asleep, as the closed win dow shutters beyond those cool- looking gardons seem to botoken. A stray dog, dreamily agitating with half alosed eyes on some abstract question of canine sociology or politics, is too lazy or too much overcome by the heat oven to wag his tail. Evidently his mental exercises are not vigorous; and the pet problem of canine sociology is not yet approaching its solution. But what of that ? The weather is warm. Et le dlible eat mort I We are standing just at the extremity of one of those pleasant points-Darling Point, this one-that fringo Sydney harbour. The sun.kissed water is visible through the trees just below. Tihe houes hereabouts--man elons rather-are evidently the dwellings of people of substance, and the smooth carriage drives and nicely-trimmed lawns are as oug gestive of wealth as the former are of luxurious ease or the latter of lawn- tennis or pleasant garden Iarties. A faint suspicion of faintest breeze all but ripples the placid surfaccof the sheeny wave lets that lap the white sand beneath the folings fringing the shore, and it just moves into a lisping ssuriuls the leaves that rest, as it weore, oni the high wall that rises beside us as weo stand. A high wall, enclosing an eminently " re spectable" house. A brass door-plate--ugh I An inscription ," Seminary for Young Ladies." Of coursol I hlave any of my readers over seen an es tablishment of the kind without a high wall, or a brass door-plate, or a freezingly " re spectable " appearance, or-may I add venetian blinds? A briskly.approaching vehicle breaks the stillness. The rattle of a cab. It approaches -stops. An active figure springs out, rings, and passes within-passes into the eminently " respectable" house with the high wall and the door-plate. Presently he emerges, and not alone. Himself and his companion dis. appear into the cab which has waited, and now rattles off. I-is companion is a lady, and young. P'rtty also. We are interested in that. Let us follow, and and before doing so, let me quietly and calmly hasten to disabuse the excited mind of my reader of any suspicion of intrigue or mystery in all this. The occurrence we have just wit. nessed is the most commonplace and prosaic in the world. And yet, not too commonplace or altogether prosaic either. What though one oi the fir boarders of Harrington )louse school has just lefit the old school.room lnder the protection of tier fatiber's protrle on her last and endless Christmas v,?cation, who will say that the first step of this (air young maid from the world of youth and dreams to the world of womanhood and life is not a stea too irretrievable to be called commonplace, and far too fraught with the poetry of that grand life to be prosaic I Ayoung girlleaving school I Yes, Dolly Pomeroy has just left for the last time the shelter of her Alma mater. Shortly she will be on her way to the great station of their grim old father, Gerald Pomeroy, of Wilnagurra, beyond the Liverpool Ranges. She will pass her Christmas vacation there, and, after that, she will settle down to the pitiless humdrum of station life, so cruel to the fresh, society-loving girl. For the last time she has dined and chatted with liher envying schoolmates then-for the last time slept in that quiet old dormitory, with its white rows of snowy beds, that looked so ghost-like in the moonlight, streaming through the window -that window looking over the moonlit water that Dolly likened to " the magic casements opening on perilous seas in fairy lands for. lorn," of which a romantic temperament and a young girl's warm fancy, fed by poets' tales, had taught her. Well, that was all over now, and Dolly had even bidden farewell to the ogress-i.e., re vered preceptress-and was already rattling briskly enough away from the old school and its associations. And her companion, what of him ? Well, Jack was a handsome young fellow, hand somely dressed in a fashionable suit and hat, and yellows kids, and eotceteras in which he did not feel quite at home. Yet was lie a handsome, gentlemanly young fellow, with fair Saxon hair and blue Saxon eyes, and the fresh, healthy breath of the open country about him, and the firm hand and steady eye of the man who has got his station experience and earned it. Slightly touched with the sun too; but lithe and slim as an acrobat, and closely knit as platinum wire. Pleasant.faced and soft-voiced too, when he pleased, as now; and yet witl a passing shade of sensual self-esteem and egotism, even downright shallow selfishness withal. But the observer would never notice this, as Jack bent kindly over the happy little maiden with the bright yellow tresses and blue eyes, who laughed back at his own, sit ting by his side. Arthur Allerton, or as his friends called him, for no conceivable reason but the merest whim of caprice, "Jack." Allerton was a hanudeom young ,? llorv :r' I h.ve aer:.dy a;:,t.'y. Dolly's fahs.,' Law ,. i: D:51 did' not. Jack'e station frilads were iguaraui of it also, and if the casual visitor wondered sometimes at the half- familiar terms on which this noticeable young boundary rider lived on the station, he soon forgot his wonder at this, in greater amaze at other things. For Pomeroy lprre was an original in his way; but a very grim and stern original it was. And when, unknown to all, Arthur left his old English home and his sisters in Greenfield Grange in the shires, and was suddenly missed about the same time from his familiar hauntsat the club and in the Row,-when in short his forgery of his father's signature, to meet his own gambling debts, was detected, and the affair was hushed up, Arthur Allerton's father knew that in consigning him to the care of his cousin Gerald Pomeroy far away in the antipodes, in Australia, wasplacinghisson inasevere school, where the penalty, but not the recollection of his lapse, would follow him. And this was " Jack's" history. " Jack " he became, in name and designation, at Wilmagurra, and as "Jack" the reader knows him. And so Molly and Jack sped gaily on their way. It had been a long and tedious journey; or, rather, it would have been tediouns had not pleasant companionship beguiled the way. Thtree hundred miles is a long journey to make without railways, and young girls fresh from school are not the best travellers. But then, Dolly was an Australian girl, and a squatter's daughter, and then Jack was such a pleasant fellow, and his flattery and evident admiration were very pleasing to the young girl fresh from school in the present instance, so that when at last the old home station of Wilna. gurra came in sight, and the familiar objects greeted her again, and her grim progee.itor impressed a grim kiss firmly on her slushed cheok--well, by that time Jack and Dolly hadl become great friends. Be it noted here too, that before their introduction to the reader these young people had never seen each other before. Dolly had been at school in Sydney for the last three years, and for a year and a half before that Jack had been far enough away on an out.station, so that they met almost as strangers. Gerald Pomeroy p?re, must have been either a very wild or a very sedate person in his youth. There would have been no half measures with such a determined character as his. Now, his demeanor was severe almost to harshness, and his grimnees only bent in: the presence of his child. She was like her moether, who was d..d. .:;di thle :mm11ory ofi her mother was the tiltlh spot in old Gerald's life-an oasis ever green. Theirshad been a romantio courtship, romantic with all the old grave romance of the courtly days of Gerald's fathers. But it had its darker scenes, and in these his cousin Arthur's father had figured. But, when at last the former, still a young man, had borne away his prize to dis. tant Australia, and went out into the country with the pioneer squatters to how a now for. tune out of this now continent, lie had thrown the past behind him, and left it with its dead Dolly's mother, as I have said, was dead now. Who has not seen those melancholy plots near the old homoe-tations of the colonies, where the dust of the pioneers is laid? Every sta. tion has its little necropolis like this, and that green spot withl the white fence, shaded by two giant eucalypti on the hill yonder, visible from the verandah where Jack, and Dolly, and her father now stand, is, to the last-namncd, the one sacred spot in all the world. And Gerald's idol lived again in his daughter. For some days an unwonted brisless had cnlivened lthe hIouse. Thie festive Christmas aseason was approachling, and thel old-country traditions ol thle famsily had bidden them malke ready the festivities o[ the time. And, so I thelre wases life and bustle about tle station, and D)olly's cheery voice and presence, like a ray of sunlight, gladdened and gleamed through the gloomy rooms, with their old fashioned furniture, as tihe servants lent thelom Sselves to her inexperienced direction, until, at last, the day was upon them. The house, by this time, was full of visitors, for Gerald had departed from his usual custom to welooma his daughterhomo. The Australian mistletoe was hung, even. Thu Christmas dinner,with its toasts of Dolly's health, proposed by an enthusiastic young squatter from the country round, and drunk by all the young unmarried gentlenmen of the district and adjacent town ship, was not gayer or mqrrier than the sub sequent ball, where Dolly danced with most of her admirers, but, above all, and of truest, with Jack. For a few weeks after this the festivities and mutual visiting continued. But with the New Year tile home-station re-settled down I into its normal placidity, which Dolly may be forgiven for mistaking for dulness, and I then the dull blank level of monotony com menced. With pleasure Gerald had witnessed his c daughter's hearty participation in the season's festivities, and with misgiving he saw tlhe ap proach of the listless langour which took its 1 place. Now willingly enough the fact was borne in upon him that the lifo of the station was not lively enoughB for the youbg anid active girl, but even then he found it impoe aible to act on his convictions. But Jack found his duties becoming daily less impera tive, and daily he found more and more op portunities to indulgo himself with the society of the girl whose temperament natur ally sought the society of some one of her own ago. Their intimacy deepened. With passive reluct ince Gerald watched it grow. Hefclt for his daughter's loneliness, which, he told him self, was tihe result of his own sellishness. I But his heartstrings had entwined them selves round the girl even more closely since she had returned homeo, and le I could not bring himself to deny the luxury of her presence near him in his home. As a compromise lhe permnitted the society of his protege more than would otherwise have pleased him. And after the last of those Christmas waltzes Jack's volatile fancy took t a decided turn. With polished tastes that had been a long while overlain by the rough station life of the I bush, it was natural enough that Jack would seek the girls' congenial society. It was the I first true reminder of the homoe life of his sisters, and of the graces of the world of fashion. It were well if facts had continued I to connect his impressions of Dolly's society I with the homne life of his sisters I The girls' youthful temperament found congenial society in her now friend's graceful I tastes. They sang together, painted together, read the same books together. Tlhey rode out together, attended by Dr. Olby's groom, across the broad grassy plains whose surface rippled like the sea beneath the breeze. It was pleasant to reit up their horses to gether on the hill, and watch far beyond the tree-tops that surged and tossed beneath them, the bright flash and gleamn of water, till the sun died out with a purple glow, suffusing all the scene with a halo of magic beyond all art of painter or of poet, in the calm Austra lian afternoon. And then to mark where the wind rose as the soft light died out, and its hurtling breath swept towards them athwart the tree-tops again, but fiercer than before, on and on like the rushing of some mighty sea, with the thousand forest voices of bush and plains swelling up in that striking harmony of nature together, till at last swept round them, drowning their very voices, deepening in its volume, the full dian-ason of the storm I Or again, to ride by theo river bank where the waters gathered themselves into long, deep, placid reches, overasstsdoewed ,.?.;' . cn'1'I h 'i". .? .1 * threw 1i0eir Ione Is ue.o.,, ow?I; os .' .. - n-the sr-c, us- 0'tie l oe!ul as?e; id'. All this was plad/aIt enough; and these rides and their congenial companionship were revelations to both. So what wonder that Jack commenced to culti tivate the decencies of social life once more, so that at last he almost felt like himself again in civilised garb, dress-coat and gloves. Such a state of things as this could have but one outcome, and it canme like the culmination of an idyll. It was one quiet, memorable evening. They had just returned from a long ride, and the cool calm of the dying day had predisposed the minds of both to tender thoughts. Their ride had been gentle, and so, though resting, they were not fatigued. The natural lightness of both had been tempered just satliciently to put them in harmony with the gentleness of the hour. It was a purely Australian evening. The lovers-for such they were-sat by the win dow that looked forth over the expanse of country that formed the Wilnagurra Station. The moon had just come forth, " enthralled t with silver rays." It was just one of those twilights so rarely seen except in Australia, i when the light of day, and the softness of i night are beginning to blend. Far away, the 1 dark line of the hills cut sharply the blue sky, and the faint shadow of the softest suoKdt I purple yet seemed to linger ero it died. It was one of those great Australian evenings t when the spirit of the time makes up for thes want of the traditional associations of older lands-when every rustling leaf seems to whisper its own love tale, and every wander ing breath of air is burtihened with a sigh. The light streamed softly tlrough the stained window, into the room where dreaming youth and enticing beauty sat together. It was the old, old story; woven anew from the same world-old woof, and with the same old familiarbardon to the tale. "The curtain of sill has known whispers as tender As ever the blossoming ehawthornl has heard." A sigh-a whisper- anlembrace-and our lovers knew no more. And lip met lip, and sigh sped back to sigh, and love called unto love, deep unto' deep, and the world-old tale was told again. In the morning Gerald Pomeroy returned again to Wilnagurra. For three days he had been absent. In those three days a life was lived-and lost I Another Christmas. In a few days the nnliversary will be upon us again. Again the, home station rung with the note of pe: lepalion, and was marked by the coefusion of haste. During the past few months from the date of the event just described, its circumstances had been often enough repeated, need I follow the decline, on one side, of the passion, the progress of which I have lightly sketched.? Postal communication between Wilna gurra and the metropolis, was not frequent. With favourable roads and weather, the Sydney mail reached the station once a week. Often the station was for weeks without its mail. One evening about this time, such an overdue mail arrived. Quite a budget of cor respondence came to Dolly, which she re tired to read. Girls' letters from old echool mates, most of them, with kind seasonable wishles and Christmas cards, and the usual chlit.chat of girls. Dolly was deep in these, contrasting the life of the past vwith the present, and dreaming innocently enough of a happy future. A familiar tap came to the door. It was epushed gently open, and Jadck appeared in Sthe room withl an open letter in his hand. With an exlpression wlhich showedel Dolly at Sonce that he had received imlportlnt news, i Jack toole possession of the cushion at hler fe.t, and loeaning on hler kneo, waited whlile she glanced over the letter. It was an English letter, in a legal hand. In brief set phrases it told Jack thant his fathler was deadl, and that his presence was Srequired at home at once. With a sharp cry Y Dolly let the letter flutter to the floor. d Jack had Dolly already in his embrace, With many loving protestations hoe acset the state of affairs clearly before her, and aftet t many promiseso of a speedy re-union, he gained at length her unwilling consent to their separation) Jack left Wilnagurra next morning. The holiday making was blank and spiritless, to Dolly without him. Dolly Pomeroy never saw Arthur Allertdu. ; -" Jack"--in this life again. About six months after Jack departed, Dolly was sitting alone in her room, the same to whichl he had come to bid her farewell. She had been reading, but the book now lay turned idly downward on her lap. She was day- dreaming, dreaming of Jack, when a letter was put into her hands. It was ad dressed in Jack's writing, and was enclosed in another, which bore the Sydney postmark. Hastily opening the enclosure, Dolly read as follows : Rydney, ?ay 12. 1860. " My 'ry dear vDally.--Yonr notb x'l i i " wavrddL tih you by a frienldn ter I have lets Aucstrclie, I lhboe, frecv'r. I !ope, I need not say how deliglied I am to write this. " Of course, in leaving Australia for my natural home, I leave everything behind me. Therefore, imar girl, with pleasant reminis cences of the past and thanks for the relief you have afforded to the medium of bush life in Australia. "Believe me, Your forgetful lover, "Jack. " That was all. Dolly did not even cry out. Pressing one hand to her breast, to still the aching sensation in her heart, she mercifully lost consciousness, as her book and the fatal letter fall on the floor at her feet. She was found there, hours afterwards. The letter told her father all. Let me limn the immediate sequence with rapid touches. Gerald's worse fears were realised, but the reality far outstripped even the shadow of his fear. It was now some seven or eight months after the first decided love incident we have reeorded,-since that fatal afternoon. Now that Gerald's eyes, so wilfully closed, had been so violently opened, the state of affairs was but too plain. As I have said, Gerald Pomeroy was a grim, stern masn. His daughter was a doubly sacred thiingto him. To havethis holines desecrated by the son of his ancient cousin-enemy was more than he could bear. Within a few weeks of his discovery, Gerald Pomeroy had sold his station, through the agency of a large Sydney firm. Long ere that Dolly had been conveyed to Sydney, and with a competent allowance, was left by her stern parent to the coldness of the world. Gerald Pomeroy sailed to England by the first home steamer. My story is practically finished. Two scenes (more, and my drama of real life is done. The stranger in Sydney was often arrested some years ago by the occasional passing along the streets of certain female figures, usually two together, distinctively and uni formly dressed. A plain dress, with a long blue cloak, depending from a straw bonnet or hat, entirely veiling the figure, and falling to the feet. The wearers look like nuns, or ladies of some devout order. About the year 1863, one of these blue-cloaked female figures was especially remarked in Sydney. The passers by turned to gaze after the owner of that sweet, pale face, and those sad, blue eyes, of which he caught but a glimpu:e i " -ht flitted' tunreatirly nasta?a.. e snd av::s tis-t -lvinntea- _ the ob?srver long alter, for the ";ke of thel ei ceeding beauty, but subdued pain, theyos pressed. Not a few turned and followed the face figure that attracted them. These shoe almost invariably led to many a poor and humble dwelling, and thence, if they followed her patiently, to a certain long, ugly building in Macquarie-street - now fortunately pulled down to make way for a more magnificent structure-and known as the Sydney In. firmary. For she was a hospital nurse. But sometimes the curious ones might lose her among those dwelliogs of the poor, where she spent most of the time not occupied in the sick ward, anid most of the money that Gerald Pomeroy allowed his daughter. She would be lost for a time. But anyone following her into the last of these humble lodgings would perhaps have seen her, when her day was done, in her own room, and would perhaps have recognised in her, her cloak thrown aside and the long silky tresses of her golden hair escaping over her shoulders, sitting there as we saw her once before when a fatal letter reached her fated hands- might have recognised in her the Dolly Pomeroy of W'il naenrra Station, if not IHarrington House Sohoo ult perhaps the latter would be better brought to mind by the .brighlt.haired, blue. / eyed, blithe little thing of three yeprs that made disorder among the playthings at thI young mother's feet. As the child loots up, with its bright yellow tresses and blue eyes that reflect back her own, are we reminded of that young girl's leaving school, four short years ago, when she looked up with the same trusting smile, the seens bright hair and blue eyes, to the face of another sitting by her side I And the spoiler, what of him I Well, Arthur Allerton-the handsome and debonsuaire-has gone back, blithely and with a light heart to the scenes of his youth, to gladden the salons of the noble and the bou doirs of the fair with his handsome Saxon face and his faultless physique, to tell the old tale to others perhaps; and to settle down by and bye to the decorum of married life and a seat for the county. See him there, omong the half-nude beauties of the ballroom, and contrast him as hoglides softly and gracefully round the room with the loveliness of the belle on his arm, the envied of the fellows of his set and the favoured of the matrons. .Contrast him noot with the pale, sad figure in the white cloak by the nick tuan's bed in the humble lodgcie "Ut 1me l;,tb.. rsviftly along the Sydney atreet?. See him at'his club-oin Ibis hbo at tln theatre-at Ascot. Surely t tlat fair young face and those frank blue eyeor, and that open ness of expression that mq.kces him such a favorite with his friends, can, no maeu cover a hard heart of callous selfsbl'ness and ignoble deceit than it can boly the ,gauge it gives of a happy old ago, with its; love, honor, and troops of friends I Poetic justice is dealt. fSualh things are al. ways so with these blIndsome, heartless, husks of men. But not always, peri: l?ps. Few klfow the owner of that closed <nl'coce, to whose door the private cab of the h:'.ulsosue Arthur so often rattles up. The princi :al is never there when Arthur draws the monj y for his extravaganeos, for his patrimony Ijas been shared by his sisters, and his porton was not so large as it is reputed to have bfen. Had hlo known o whom his accommodat ing friend made ht weekly report, he wvould, perhaps, have ecel fit to dread the deep- laid n schemes of vengea ce of his victim's father. Ior Gerald I'Po troy sits without the web owhich he hlas vi 'in, waiting with grim and ialmost diabolic h, to till his victim be well w vithin his toill' d. Mals. Se,).w ' little grandson, aged five, is was reprosi iy his mother for swinging on as a neighibo"rl' gate. and told that Mr. Smith ey would net K.k it. "I don't care for Mr. Smith," saiy the urchin, " nor for hris ox, nor M. his ass, ne inSythting that is his." " Willio," h asked hi isothcr, "do ysou kInow who wrote r those wor?s you use 0so?" "I don't know, " he was the rply; "Grandma Stows, I a'pose. 