TRUE GHOST STORIES , The two ghost stories told by our moat.; \ eminent .anatomist are as romantic in their ,way as any told by the Psychological'. '-, Society. When;' hardly more than a lad. at Lancaster, the future defender of vivi section, was studying, for the medical pro-1,: fession, he, had a' horror of the ghastly ;I details of. the' business, which he imagined ? he could never overcome. He was'cured, ; strange to Bay, Dy a trignt. . . Jlaving to - take some medicine on' a' windy 'night to '?''? Lancaster Castle, he had to pass through ' thp room in which he had taken part' ia diesections. J usl as he entered the room with tho basket of medicipe: under, his arm, tho clouds .which hid the moon suddenly parted, . a door slammedyiand; '? looking up, the future 'bioloffist saw whit he, thought was .an enormous i\ figure iri l white, 'with ..arms outstretched,' looking' '. downuponhim, Heturned around trembl- : ? ing, and against the wall opposite stood 'J another figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran;; The patients in Lancaster Castle got no medicine that 'night. ,, But.':: when he returned nexl day., and, found, that he had been frightened by'raortuary:' sheets, he braced his nerves.up so. that he'' was soon collecting skulls.' ' He made';a'',' fine set, but 'for a long .time.he could ,'. not get an.'. . Ethiopian; skull. ,r At last a negro died in Lancaster OftBtle,: ; arid the young: doctor got per mis- ?? sion to have his' head'. It was again a' ' windy night when the operation bf:re '.'/- moving the head was; determined upon. ? But, habited in his longoloak, : thenj the. . fashion, and provided with blue bag, the'' comparative anatomist Boon had the head*''! safely stowed away. As he left the' room ',! in which the , poffin ' lay, however^ thQ,;r wind slammed, the door, caught his cloak, '.; and nearly threw him upon his face. At- '. tempting to recover hiinself,1 he lost h'is' hold of thebag, the head fell out, rolled ' with increasing velocity down a, flight 'of '',',- steps, across a courtyard, and settled ;it- ' : self upon the neck,- with one eye open.: ? and the other shdt, in a room, where two - women shrieked. The professor rushed ' wildly'afterit, took no noticeof the woriien, seized the skull; put it in his bag again, : ;' . and ran from the Castle. Four or five: years afterwards he was attending a dying ?' woman, who called loudly for a clergy?- ''?' man, to whom she had something to tell.;. The doctor, begged her .to tell him, as no ,. clergyman was near enough to be called : in time. At length Bhe spoke. ' Oh, sir,' ' I had a husband, who' was a negro, arid, I' fear, a bad man. He died, sir, in Lan- , caster Castle ; and, oh I sir, I was stand-',.,! ing ono day in the rooms when my hus-'.;/ band's head came out of the floor, and: '? Beemed to ask me to help him. And then; ' sir, the devil came through the door, snatched up the head, put it into a bag, ' and disappeared before I could do any thing. And I have never done any thing. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor ?' husband's bo ul ?' 