toe oldest man. " Aucno Largo, ' or 44 Long-Hide," accord ing to tho English derivation of tho Spanish word, burnod'himoolf to death at tbo Bcal dol Castillo, California. For somo timo tbo old In dian bad been fcebloandunabloto walk. During tho recent heavy rains that fell in that region tho old man sought rcfugo in a cabin near by. Last week ho crawled up to tbo boueo of Scnor Francisco Parma and.told bim bo was very hungry. Tho latter gavo him a good- dinner, besides furnishing provisions for fu ture emergencies and thon instructed tho other Indians at the ranchcria to care for lilm. Thoy replied that thoy bad always dono so, as thoy ontcrtaincd nnusual rever ence for tho old man on account of his age. Thursday, tlio data in question, was a cold day in Lower California, and 44 Long Hide" was given an extra blnnkot by his dusky friends. This ho soon tdro into strips, put them on d fire and soon his 44 teepo" or brush houso, was all ablazo. When this bad bcon accomplished, despair, for tho moment seem®, ibgto seizo him, ho plunged hebdlong into tho burning mass. A stout young Indian near by, seized ' Mm and tried to drag him out of danger, but tho ' old-man grabbed a stake in the ground near.- by, held himsolf in tho .firo, and before other Help could como was literally roasted olivo, dying within a fow hours after .tho- ocouranco mentioned. ' 14 Long Hide" was married1 .and tho father of several children when the miss- inn of Ban Diego. was built, one hundred and twenty years ago, and. from what he told parties who visited bim ho mnsf havo bcon not less than thirty years of age -at tho timo. Three or four years ago ho lost a son. who could remember when tbo mission was first built by Franciscan friars. This son must have been hot less than 120 years of ago. 44 Long Hido" told of the first settlement of Old Town years before tho mission was built, Of tho coming of ships for water at Bus&ian; springs, and many things of great interest in 4ho past history of San Diego and vicinity. Jaan Melcndrez who Hvos near tho Itoal del Castillo, says be knew 44 Long Hido" fifty years ago and that' ho appeared nearly as old, then aB ho did tho week before ho died. Ho says that tho old man frequently. beat tbo best; horses owned in tho country on trips to San Diego, one handrcd miles distant from, tbo Bool, and that ho often chased deer until thoy gave up with fatigue. He would then cap ture them after thoy had laid down for rest. Unfcil a year ago ho was able to' walk about and taivol qmte well. . Since tbon be has! been obliged to orawl about on all fours, likoa cat or dog. He retained hiB'sight perfectly and all tho faculties of mind up to tho day ho died.— San Diego Sun. down in the dark. Down in the lower levels of our mines, hundreds of feet below tho surface of tho earth, jin tbo dominions of Erebus, where , darkness, over holds its reign unbroken by tho light of day, are found some ourions growths. The grass Yalloy Tidings makes tho folio w- ing.mention of a specimen of this, subterran ean vegetation.: . ; , " On Saturday somo minors found a rather 'queer specimen in tho .700 level in tho Idaho imiae. Tho specimen which was found among the timber, is & sort of fungus (punk, wobeliovo tho minors call it), and is just tho shapo of a /human hand. Tho band has flyo fingers and :athumb, and-appoars to bo in a sort of cramp- led position. ItiB a. singular looking speoi- :men, and may bo seen at tbo Wisconsin 'hotel." . ; In tbo lower, levels of tbo Cometock mines — particularly those long abandoned or un- used— ore seen many wonderful growths of (different kinds of fungi. . Somo of these are. of great size, almost filling un drifts, andseen f by tho dim liglit of a candle look liko sheeted -ghosts. Down bolow in tho dark these growths i seem to strive to imitate . tho forms of things . i seen on tho Burfacc. In ono of our minos was onco found an imitation of a fanoi/ullv- carvcd meershaum pipe, atom and all, so perfect tliat :it wonld easily bo' mistaktn for tho' gonuino- articlo if not taken in. tho hand and olosoly ox- amincd. Somo of tho fungi rcscmblo tho horns of animals, and aro from two feet to a yard in longth, whilo others might pass for potriflod dovil-fluli.- -'Virgima Enterprise. ,A correspondent of tho Boolicstor Post Express, describing tbo burning of a dwelling houso in Olifton Springs, recently, says that bccauso of a peculiar state of tho atmosphere a curious spectaolo was presented. Tho southern sky . was illuminated by a broad crimson glare, and from tho oentxo of tliis, extending far up into tho aky, was a blood- red Btrcak, such as is often produced by tho oxplosion of a sky-rookot. This streak re mained long aftor tlio reflection of tbo blazo uau aicu awuy- It is hard to personato and dot a part long, for whoro truth is not at the bottom, nature will always bo endoavoaring to return, and will poop out and betray licraolf ono timo or other. — Tiliotson, To divert at any timo atroublcsomd fancy) run to thy books ; thoy presently fix thco to thorn, and drivo tlio otuor- out of thy thoughts They always repcivo thco with tho samo kind® ncss.— -Eutier. Naturalists say that a single bwoIIow w»11 devour 0000 flies a day. ' . . , . 