NEW SOUTH WALES. (from our own Correspondenr.; Svdnev. March & The ironworkers of Lithgow complain of unfair treatment by the Government in re gard to patronage. Theworkmenareidleonan average three days a week, and if they got reasonable help from the Government in the shape of orders for iron the industry would flourish. They especially complain of the action of the Government respecting iron rails which are now imported from England under circumstances precluding competition by colonial establishments. Thos. Geddings was fined £30 at the Bourke Police Court for keeping a gambling-house. Thirteen others, including three aldermen, were fined £5 each for being on the premises. Joseph Darby, a laborer, aged twenty-four, a native of Ireland, was brought up at the Central Police Court, before Mr. Dillon, S.M., charged with riotous behavior on Tuesday evening at the anti-Redmond meet ing at the Protestant HalL The evidence went to show that after the meeting dissolved he was hooting, shouting, and shoving. He made a rush for the cab into which Sir H. Parkes was getting, crying with others to rush him. The defendant was convicted and sentenced to seven days' imprisonment. The Rev. John Oaborne delivered an ad dress to-nieht at Newcastle against the Irish National League and Mr. Redmond's mis sion. There was a large attendance. Iu a masterly peroration he urged the audience to oppose Redmond's mission strongly in every legitimate way. In the Assembly the Rabbit Nuisance Bill was read a third time and ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Council. Mr. Burns drew the attention of the Colonial Secretary to the fact that James Dalton, of Orange, a justice of the peace for the colony, had presented a seditious address to Mr. Redmond, the Land League emissary, in which the Queen's Government had been spoken of as a foreign rule. He wished to know whether Mr. Stuart would cotnmuni cate with Mr. Dalton to ascertain if the allegation were true, and if so. he would remove Mr. Daiton's name from the commis sion of the peace. Mr. Stuart replied that he had communicated with Mr. Dalton on the subject. The House went into com mittee of supply. Sydney, March 9. An anti-Redmond meeting was held at Newcastle last night at the Victoria Theatre, which was crammed to the doors. Enthu siastic cheers were given for the Queen, and the lecturer, the Rev. John Oaborne, of New castle. A so-called ghost at Shepherd's Hill, New castle, attracts large numbers nightly. The peculiar phenomenon seems to be the result of phosphorescence, generally visible from 0 to midnight, when the tide is not to high. A large deputation waited on the Minister of Works to-day to urge the extension o£ the railway from Redfern terminus to Circular quay. The Minister replied that the Govern ment favored the scheme, and he had no doubt that if the Government were in office next session the proposal would be presented to Parliament. At the inquest on the fire at the residence of Wm. Gray, near Bowenfels, a verdict was returned against a man named Win. Quish, of having wilfully and maliciously set fire to the place. Quish has been arrested. He came out with the last batch of immigrants. The weather continues very fine, A Bill to amend the Licensing Act of the Parkes Government was introduced into the Assembly this morning by the Minister of Justice, and read a second time. The Premier announced in the House this morning that the Government intend to appoint an officer to inspect places of public amusements ; that they were getting some valuable information by the last mail from London, and a valuable report from Captain Shaw, of the London fire brigades, was engaging the attention of the commission lately appointed to report on theatres. He expected in a week or two to obtain from the commission a report which would enable him to take definite action. The supplementary estimates for 1SS2 and pre vious year, except a few debatable items. were agreed to. The postponed' estimates will be proceeded with thi3 evening. Trickett is most fancied for the All-Comers' Race to-morrow. Laycock has recovered from the attack of dysentery, and is very confident he will win to -morrow. Tiie betting is unchanged. m 