A.T.C. Derby Day Digest. BT " XODT ClLA." As it is roy intention to give, in next week's Sportsman, an ample review of the entire running at the A.J.C. Spring Meeting, there is no need to do xnore in this opening topic to-day than present a few casual and anecdotal remarks on the results of the opening afternoon. The Hurdle Race, for which three ont of the eight etariers were from Victoria, showed the surprising dif ference of jumping ability in the representa tive of the two colonies j for. Boon after the start, there were two completely separate contests, each being confined to the animals hailing from their own side the border, and the difference of 101b. in favour of Ontario caused bis victory over Basilisk, after a splen did struggle from beginning to end. A facetious friend of mine observed to the han- dicapper that he would have no difficulty in putting the horse together after what be bad seen, as in future he "need only pat saddles on the Sydney division and chaise- carte after the Victorians." The able Mr. Scarr " wunk a wink," but whether lie will venture to act on the suggestion is doubtful. The Trial Stakes showed the benefit of following public form, foe Bristol bowled over the favourite Olga in the same easy style as he bad done the Maiden "moral" Muriel at Hawkesbury. Then came the A .J.C. Derby, and the sudden surprise to the general public (but not to myself individually) of the long ruling- first favourite Martini-Henry being scratched in the paddock. The circumstances of this withdrawal are explained in a separate Topic below, but I cannot help congratulating both the Sportsman readers and myself on the foresight displayed in not ripping the ion of Musket— Sylvia for the late Band wick bine ribbon, but 44 biding xny lime." Le Grand evinoed himself a well- named animal, for he is a nobly proportioned colt, and won in a truly grand etyle. With wide-open mouth be lav in third position for a mile, end then smothered the two leaders with speed when the reins were a little loosened. Kingsdale had not a ghost of a show of racing with him under a weight which nearly crushed the one but was a plaything to the other j whilst Navigator's dhesnot filter Copra has not grown an inoh ainoe Ust eeaeon and failed to make any mark. As for tho beautiful Karma, all that can be said is to wonder at tho singular repetition of Habena's con stant failures. I may mention here, as an anecdote both interesting in itself and highly creditable to the owner of tho Queensland colt, Mr. Jost, that he was offered the large sum of £2000 on the day before the race— but, though quite willing to sell at eUch a figure, he positively deolined to deliver Lo Grand until after the 4,blne ribbon " had been decided, or to give up entire control. Consequently, the honours as «ell as 44 the dimes " remain iu well- deeerved hands, though I ehall not at all be surprised to shortly learn that this fine specimen of horseflesh has passed into the possession of a popular sportsman who has bis striog trained at Caulfield. The Epsom Handicap added another to the almost end less instaooee of the 44 glorious uncertainty " of racing, for Masquerade— comparatively unsupported by bis party— woo with esse under the same weight he carried at Hawkes bury, when backed for heaps of money, but failed to get even a place. ' The Spring Stakes, a mile and a naif weigbt-for-age event, showed First Demon's right to be classed as Al at Lloyd's, inasmuch as be carried 151b. more than bis weight in the Hawkesbury Handicap, and won all the way, Sardonyx being again the nearest to him. Justice towards that deserving young trainer, Laweon, requires me to here relate that he had only two horses under bis charge, First Demon and Bristol, and, out of the six events the pair bad hitherto been engaged io at Hawkesbury and Rand wiok, they woo four nod ran ercood twice. This result roust be more than lock, and looks like merit. The Welter Handicap, which concluded the Derby Day, only neceM- tates a playful allusion to the ridiculously esy way in which Silver Arrow spread- eagled his field from the far-turn home. Such an instance of 44 bunt the bare" has probably never beea seen on an Australian course siuoe the memorable day when Fif ing Back came in for tbe first champion race 44 a whole pariah ahead." 