The British and Foreign Bible Society. A Speech at the Annual Meeting, by the REV. C. B. SYMES, B.A. My lord and Christian friends, I have very great pleasure in rising to second the adoption of the report; and before saying another word upon it, I would take the liberty, in the name of my Christian brethren here, of expressing the very great pleasure which we feel in seeing His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury coming to the front on the platform of this Society. We are not here to speak words of flattery to each other in the presence of the heart- searching God; but if; is a cause of gratitude when one whom God lias called to fill so prominent a place in His Church, and to exercise so weighty an influence, can come forward and give to this Society the influence of his example throughout 60 large a section of the Church. The Society itself is unique, not in respect of the organization to which the resolution refers, for organization belongs to all societies, but unique in this—that it is based upon a Book ; and upon the worth of that Book it stands or falls. The justification of our history lies in the extreme value of the Word of God. I am impressed more and more, every passing year, with the grave responsibility that rests upon a Society like this. The report tells us that we have circulated, since the commencement, nearly one hundred million copies of the Word of God. The responsibility is stupendous if this Word be not indeed the Word of Eternal Life. We remember those grave words of Milton, that books contain the progeny of life in them, to be as act ive a6 that soul was whose progeny they were. And if these one hundred million copies of the Word of God really pro- duce in the nations of the earth, thoughts, conceptions, and practices in harmony with itself, so that it multiplies its influence with every passing year, the responsibility resting upon us for having circulated the Word is beyond all our estimate. If the Word be really false we have to remember that we have sown it the wide world round. We have pressed it upon hoary nations that were satisfied with the traditions which they had received, and were resting, in 6ome measure, in their national life. We have taken it to what the report calls the child-nations, and have imposed it upon their Arcadian simplicity. There is no nation on which we have not pressed the influence of this Divine Word, resulting often, in the first place, in a large amount of unrest and strife and disturbance, the mere fermentation of great principles—the fermentation which will pass away and leave the principles in all their purity and strength. We have pressed this Word to the intent that it should affect the legislation of national life, that it should change the habits of society, that it should hold out more inspiring hopes to men ; and if we have made a mistake, however well intentioned, I know no society which would go down in history beneath a more withering curse from deluded humanity. But we would far rather accept the responsibility of having circulated the Word of God than we would accept the responsibility of having kept it to ourselves. We should be ashamed if wrecks were continually occurring on any coast of this island, and no lifeboat were provided to save the sinking; and we should be ashamed of the very greatness of English life, which greatness we owe to the Word of Eternal Life, if we had willingly withheld tliat Word from others, and left them in ignorance of their everlasting destiny! As it is, we feel that this Society is wreathed with the thankful praises and affection of men in a way that no other society can boast. We have established communications between the river of life and the desert of sin, which everywhere are beginning to bud, and will soon blossom as the rose. We have laid communicotions between the light of the glorious city where the sun sliall no more go down, and the darkness of all the valleys of the shadow of death which have never yet been reached with heavenly light. We have laid communications between the central force of life at the throne of God, and the hearts that were dead in trespasses and sins, so that along thoBe lines shall quiver and thrill to every spiritually dead nature, the life that will open out in righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. We are not ashamed of our Society. We rejoice in the work which God has enabled us to do, and we remember to-day the place which this Book fills in literature. Whether or not it be true of the developments of physical life that the law of the survival of the fittest everywhere prevails, we ore sure that it is so in literature, and that only the fittest to live survives all the criticism and all the strife of the ages. This Book has survived all the assaults which have been brought to bear npon it. As Mr. Buskin would say,it lives to-day; and the fact of its continued life is itself the justification of its own truth and grandeur. We have not been compelled to throw aside a single book of the Bible, like a Jonali, to save the ship in the storm. We have been able to bear the Book to all peoples, and kindreds, and tongues: Grecian intellect, Roman energy, Anglo-Saxon force and vigour, Oriental simplicity and spirituality, have alike felt the power of the Word of God; and we rejoice to-day that, after all the criticism which has been passed upon it, the air shows as much sign of the sword that has cleaved it, and the ocean as much sign of the keel which has ploughed it, aB the Word of God shows of the criticism through which it has passed. What then shall we do ? Has the day come to surrender it in favour of any literature or any thoughts of men ? What can we take in its place? Can the agnostic help us? He may be keen, perhaps, in tracing the history of the past. He deals with history; he repudiates prophecy. If we accept his literature, we must give up the Bible. What then ? We must give up the Christ we trust. What then ? We must give up all hopes of heaven and immortality. What then ? We must rest satisfied, as the climax of all our thought and the satisfaction of all our longings, with tracing ourselves back to a primitive cell! Sir, we are more anxious for our future than we are for our past. We do not care so much whether we came from a cell, but we do care much for the life we have yet to live through all the ages. Sliall we, then, remove the Word ? That will not remove the causes and facts of life which compel us to circulate the truth. You may create an insurrection, if you will, against the much-abused class of the doctors. You may proclaim a crusade against doctors and drugs; and when you have swept them all away, you will only have left your influenza and your consumption and all the diseases to which flesh is heir. You may take away the Word of God, if you will, but sin is left, sorrow is left, despair is left, as men lie down in awful dread of the eternity which is before them. I heard once of a captain who had been on deck all day in a coasting vessel, and towards the evening he went down to rest, handing over the helm to a negro sailor. After he had gone below a squall arose, with a stiff head wind, so that, with the flapping of the sails and the rolling and the pitching of the barque, the poor negro lost all his courage and presence of mind, and let the helm go, with the natural result that the vessel drifted completely round. After a while the storm cleared, the sky became cloudless, and the negro looked for the north star by which the captain told him that he was to steer. He looked almost everywhere, but it was gone. Then he looked behind him, and there it was. Delighted with the speed of his vessel, he rushed down, and waking the captain, he 6aid, " Sir, we have sailed past the north star. Please to give me another star to steer by." The captain came on deck, and looked around and said, " Why, you are going back whence you came!" And sure I am that, when we have sailed past the Clirist, and when we imagine that we want another than He, and another Book than His Word to steer by, it means that we are sailing back as fast as the tempest of sin can carry us to the darkness, the barbarism, and the woe whence Christ has been leading us through all the ages. We have not measured the full work of this Society in any report which can be presented to-day. This Society has created others after its kind. It lias been a seed. It lias placed the Bible somewhat in its right position in the thought and attention of the world. It has compelled every section of the Christian Church to realize the responsibility of its stewardship in relation to the words of eternal life. And in the grand multiplying work which is seen to-day throughout our country and in America and elsewhere, you have one of the grandest results which the Society has achieved. What has been its reflex action ? How it has roused every part of the church to deal with the spiritual wants and necessities of men! Half the missionary societies and half the evangelization societies have arisen sincc this Society sprang into being, and pressed the importance of spreading the Gospel of eternal life. We hear a great deal about its catholicity. I was rather glad that His Grace the Archbishop of Canterbury did not indulge at any length in speaking of the great catholicity of all who supported this Society. I have long felt that this Society tests the true Christianity of a man, and that, if the truth is dearer to him than his sect, then he will join with this Society ; and one sometimes regrets that the cordial catholicity which is freely expressed on platforms is corrected by a courteous coldness when we meet elsewhere. But we rejoice in this—that this Word of God is gradually creating a unity. It is not creating a uniformity, it never will. Itself is not uniform. It has all varieties. But it is creating a healthy, forceful, manly unity. It is bringing men to see Christ more clearly, and to look at Christians as bretliren. It is enabling us to begin to see with other eyes than heretofore how much of Christ lives in all parts of His church, so that we can grasp the hand of brotherhood. That is true unity. We are not, however, to rest merely on the past, we have to think of the future. The report touched upon growing responsibilities which have been met as they have multiplied. Many of you will remember how, twenty years ago, almost every nation on the Continent was closed to the reception of the Word of God. One after another, Austria, Turkey, Russia, Germany, France, and ultimately Spain, have more or less been laid open to the entiy of the Word of God. As the responsibility has increased, so God has enabled us to deal with it. He will enable us to deal with it in the future. I have no fear of all the obligations and responsibilities which the future will bring. We shall rejoice in seeing this Word infusing life into all the nations. We shall see it live in the thought, the sanctity, the consecration of the servants of Christ everywhere. We shall see it live in a holier social life—in a higher and more righteous legislation— in a more intense loyalty to peace and truth and righteousness—in greater national prosperity, but, above all, in that holy life of service which will rise like a perpetual psalm of worship to Him that sittcth upon the throne. 