GJPST JACK TBE BUSHRANGER. [BsrH.J. G1 Those who have been many yean in Australia, and have followed different pursuits, have seen various changes, and experienced many nps and downs. Mine certainly has been a chequered life, and though it has not exactly touched tbe opposite extremes of fortune, it has not been very far from either at times. On the whole I have enjoyed life, and can truly say have enjoyed it as much irr. my digger's tent, with my mutton chop and tea, as I have doue when surrounded with the luxuries of civilised sooiety. It may be an accident of temperament, or A happy knack of Baiting myself to circumstances, yet each is the fact that I have experienced a great deal more of happiness in the world than of discomfort or misery. Somehow anything unpleasant seems to fade away from my memory eas soon as ver, while that which bus been pleasant remains crystalised in my brain as a beautihil gem that can be often looked upon. My wanderings about the bush and from diggings to diggings have been performed in various ways. Sometimes I have driven in a comfortable trap with everything Co make the journey pleasant. At other times while my taru ana pennies have been oarricd in a lumbering wagon I have trndged sturdily behind, lending an occasional hand when a bog deeper than ordinary- stayed the programs of the vehicle. Again, I have ridden on the back oi a nearly thoroughbred horse—my veins tingling in response to his elastic motion, and then when the finances have been at a low ebb I have penormed my journey cn foot with my household goods strapped on my shoulders in regular swag fashion. Of course, as may be imagined, these wanderings have brought me into contact with many queer characters, and have given me opportunities of hearing stxange stories end adventures that otherwise I should never have listened to. Of many I made notes at the time, and others liave been treasured in my brain. Of those some have been forgotten for years, and then they come suddenly to my recollection with a vividness as if they had happened bnt yesterday. Of this latter class is the event I am about to rarrate, and although it is twenty-five ye are ago I can see the principal character aa plainly before me now as then, when he was reclining on hia opossum rug before our solitary bush fire. It was in tbe latter end of the spring of the year when, after a weary day's march, I dropped my swag on the banks of tbe Compasuio River. 1 had not been following say ioaa. but bad travelled across the bueh, steering my course by the sun. I had emerged from the heavy timber on the top of a range, when the valley opened out before and beneath me, a bright green oasis sparkling with many bowers, through which the river, like a silver thread, wound its tortuous course. Quickening my pacc 1 was Boon quenching my thirst from the clear sparkUu; Btrcam, after which I proceeded to make pre larationB for camping for the night. A few . , bed. loughs A were rug composed quickly of gathered wild doi-Bkins to make was a J breakwind, laid with the and skin close side down, to these ana I npon made this my . my blankets were placed. Over this when I bad turned in I drew a portion of the rug, and thus could Bleep snugly and warmly I whatever the weather might be. Two or 1 three large logs being at hand I soon had a brisk fire burning, and while my quart-pot was boiling I sat myself on a log and enioyed | a refreshing smoke, at the Bame time taking in the beauticB of the Beene. Tbe spot waa indeed a lovely one. My camp was fixed upon a little flat ronna which the river swept, mnlring a delightful murmur as it parsed over the coarse gravel of its bed. A few giant gums were scattered here and there along the river's oourse, while bevoud were a series of rounded rises, over which were scattered sheoak, honeysuckle, and blackwood trees, singly or in -raeefnl scroops, giving the country a parfeke appearance. Beyond, in tbe distauoe, and glowing with pink and blue, under the influence of the declining sun, lay the granite rarges, while to my right the sombre hoes of the distant forest closed in the view. Tbe level beams of the sun Beamed to light up all into life—here throwing flickering shadows, now falling on the stream like molten gold, and glancing on tree and rook till the distance seemed a confused mass of emeralds and brightness. Overhead a few solemn clouds sailed slowly along, while the sun aeemed setting in a sea of amber, surrounded by crimson and purple hangings. Having drank in my fill of the beauties of the scene, and my pipe being finished, I proceeded to the important though more prosaic matter of providing for my natural wonts. Tbe tea heing made, I drew from my wallet a supply of bread and ham, and made a hearty meal. After which, darknees having closed around, I filled my pipe, and turned into the blankets. I could not have passed more than a quarter or half an hour in this state when I became aware of a Bound in the distance. It was not the only sound I could hear; for I had just been listening to the distant music of a wild dog, and a night-owl had a moment before flown past with his melancholy whoop, while at the very moment a flight of wild geese lassed screeching over my head. The sound, lowever, that I now beard waa different, and the faint pit-a-pat became more distinct, and I soon heard the regular beat of a horae's hoofs ooming along at full gallop. I could tell the horse had a rider on his back from the regularity of the sounds, and I wondered who conld be galloping alone through tbe bush at such a late honr. I waa soon relieved of all suspense, for the Bounds grew rapidly nearer, said in a few brief moments a horse with its rider oame within the circle of the fire's lkrht "Who gees theref I cried, haai pistols, for it was in the times when rangers were often met " A friend who has lost his way," was the anbwer, in a deep voice, "aad one who wonts a shakedown by your fire." "Come on then, friend," I replied 1" you're welcome, and I daresay you wont otrjeot to something to eat F" " No, indeed, mate. This yer ohild has had nuthin all day, and Fm might] he replied. At the tame moment from the laddie, and having cro hia hone he took off the fund tare and let him loose. "There, Blackboy," he said, "you've carried me well to-day, now mek up aa rnnoh tucker aa yer can atween this and daylight, for yer must go to-morrer." The newcomer was a rather stoat and tall man of a swarthy complexion, and dark blaok eyes fall of fire. He had a long bushy beard and blaok moustache. He was clothed in a tight-fitting jgnerasey and Bristol oord pants, with knee boots, to which were attached heavy spars. Over hia guernsey he wore what waa then known as a short pilot jacket, and he had upon his head a broad-hmnmea felt hat, looped up on one tide with a small black feather. His opossum rug waa strapped in front of his saddle, and he oarried in us belt a brace of double-barrelled pistols. Strang across his back, too, was what appeared a really valuable rifle, and he wore, as was common in those days, a long shsath knife at his side. All these matters I took in at a glanoe, as well as the blown appearance of his beautiful black horse. " You seem heavily armed," I said, as soon as. the stranger was seated on his rug, and had commenoed an attack on the provisions nifUi tar i-i j- I _ I guess one need ter among these yer digpings, mate, was his response; "and they ve ; done me service afore to-day." '* You've had a brush witn the bushrangers then. I suppose," I said. " Well, yes," he replied, looking curiously at me as I thonjght. " Yes, I expsots tbems done u, , some i . service there—but ,, its ,, months .. ago n mthinking on~awav on tbe other side. Presently, when he had finished his supper, he drew forth from an ianer pocket a flask, Which Yculd contain about a quart, put it to MiikkJindUiik a«dod 'd^aght:^ 'tii, per bell it waa ram. -taid, returning the Nuthm like rum when ito dot .It'fl Mf* mother's milk wantofooortesy in not passing it round^though round^lht I should not bar* touched ltlflp hi<^ . , , I WolT' hq said, throwing himself hack, and lighting a $igw which h* took from his on one elbow with his.faae towards draught has dooe me good. , I think rll >*ke another," and another « .ffliWi. w epewlily foUowpd: by anotheir^ull I lelt he must have drank nearly a pint. The drink having loosened his tqqgue he bega^to ply.fse with questions as to;where I bf4 come lmm,widwherelwaj going. Bad I been a <SggBr:and made mnbh gpld f] A* I had taken-an intuitive dislike to themjip I was guarded in my rotietj and he really gained do information; *P<e*pntlv ho pat'his hand on .hi* rifle that lay Vpside ;him, knd said-^ ., . nafrieu^. Ai< A bullock ha% be laid low, and .my.ft,there ihantiewas nfver abort of i>eti- while I. Was about. lie's tasted blood too^toot the blood of bulls or of. sheep. bni human blood.; and the man (hfit brasses zqy{jatli never does it again, I tellq jar. I'm a straight up and down fellu.wlth my mates and them iiiat pleases me, but I'm, death upon theiq as crosses me. Yes," he ^dded after a papse nnd anotbOT long pull at jbis flask, .''yea.my beauty, ypu've served me welL Will, yer believe me, mate! my father was as good a man as ever bipke the world's bread. He never peached pn a man, and many a boor lag that's bolted from the jag has he kept stowed a^ay in the ranges, and ths polls a riding round and round and offering him heaps of money tb find him. Ah 1 he w4* a good eouL He helped to roast a feller onoe lor flogging a man. They found bim hi4 t.log becanse he was frightened they'd have him. And they found aim, too, bat never let on they knowed he was in tbe log till they'd heaped lots of dead wood around, and then they set fire to it. I was but a young un then, but I can hear thor shouto now. Win yer believe it, mate, one of the fellers peached, and my Iot)ier waanabbed and scragged at last I d growed snmthin sinoe the burning. Boforo they caught him and arter he was hang I vowed vengeance. It -was a long time afore I eould find him ss peached. He wandered up and down the oountry, living the life of a dog, for help hit leave the count] try, an followed him. The lark of it was he knew I was arter him, and this made him frightened of his own shaaer. At last I heard toll of Jiis whereabouts. He had got a billet as stopkrider away in the ranges, somewhere alx)ut the (ion-bore. Here he had a hut all to himself, away up in a rocky gully Tt warn't a nice place. People said there was a ghost about, and that awful noises were heard of nights. I doo't believe tbem; a set of silly tremuie. well, mv noble was thankful to take that billet, and live in that ere hut. I knew it well, for I had been to it with my father. It was there the polis nabbed him. I knew it and I knew the old hollow tree in front of the door. A little oreek ran olose by the roots, and I used to piok the cresses that grew there. The tree was dead and white, and it bad . two big limbs sticking out like arms. When I was a kid they used to frighten me at nights when I looked at them. Well, I knew this tree, and I remembered there was a hole like a window looking straight into the hut door. When I thought of this I laughed, 'cos I knew my nabs was trapped an' lhad him as sure aa a gun. Well, 1 lay out on the range that looked down into that gully for mor'h a week. The feller had been Bomewheres. Bymby I sees bim come up the gully on horseback, an' I covers him with my nfle— this veer beauty," he added, tenderly patbis " ... . » . . . ting h is weapon; " but 1 was afeard to pull the trigger—he was too far off, an' I was afeard I should miss him. So I thought of the old tree agen and laughed ; I knew I had bim now. Presently he gets to the hut, but didn't stop, but rode on a piece. Than, I tells yer, I was frightened he was gomi; away ana I should miss him. He'd only gone to look round, for he seemed mighty learful. I deasay he was thinking of me— like as not, for I'd taken oare to let him know I was arter him. Well, he comes back, gets off his horse, and turns him loose. Alate," said the stranger, rising Buddenly, " he didn't come out alive— leastways, no further thou the door. When he got inside I waited and waited. First he lighted hi«i fire, for I oould see the smoke. Then it got dark, and, keeping my eye fixed npon the door, I slowly crept down the hill to the tree. Once the door opened, and I slunk behind a bush with my piece ready, but it was only to throw something out—maybe a bone—and it was closed again, After waiting half an hour, as I should think, I crept along and got to the tree, Now, Bays I, I've got you sure—you'll never budge from this yer but. Will yer believe me, mate? The teller never came opt for three days. For threo blessed days and nights did I stand in that holler tree till I was ready to drop. I Devcr closed an eye or took my bnger off the trigger. At last he oame. He opened the door, stood outside a minute looking at the beautiful morning, and thenbang—he was down. I was just jumping forard to make sure with my knife when I hears a load holler, and looking round I Bees two fellows riding „ like —ke mad, so I scampers back up the hill, where they could not follow, ' it clear away. They fired arter me, but X)k a little bark off my arm—just here," •Aid be, palling up his sleeve and showing me an uglv scar. " That's the way I settles with them that crosses me." With that he pulled out his flask and drained it to the bottom. I have tried to follow his narrative in his Own words, leaving out hiB oaths and blasphemy, but it is impossible to describe his manner. His frequent application to the flask did not improve him at all, and when in a few moments after he began to sing in a diunken voioe a song about "His bonny Black Bess" I began to think that I might have serious trouble with him; and so it was, for changing bis mood he Buddenly drew a pistol, pointed it at me, at the same time saying. " I don't believe you're on the cross. Youre a beggar that'll peach, an I've told yer too much; so bettor make sure of you at onoe." With that he fired. His aim, a drunken one, was not good, and so the bullet paeaed harmlessly through the bushes, although in rather unpleasant proximity to myhead. Was it an echo of that shot I heard ? No, it was too loud. A true shot it was, fired over our heads, and followed by a stern command to bail up, as a couple of troopers rode into the light of the fire. now took place, and my companion having discharged nis pieoes, turned to look for his horse. In dcing so, he Btumblsd over me, and m an instant two more troopers, who had 1 struggles, pi bis wnsta. They brought him out into the light of ths fire: he cursing and raving like a madman all the time, frssently, however, he oaught sight of the faoe of one of tbe troopers, an old man with grey hair, but stiU quite vigorous. His nice at onoe blanched, his eyes rolled in their sockets, and he fell in a fit on the ground. On oouilng to, ho was quite snbdued, and wa discovered that this trooper was none other than the stockrider whom he believed he had shot, bat who had only been wounded. I had some little difficulty joined by another trooper, to whom I wasknown. Uy eomnonion of the night turned cmt tobethefamons " Gipsy Jack, rf th6 bushranger, who had for some time been a terror to traveller* upon the road. His career was even now not quite over, for on his road down to gaol he broke from his keepers, bnt being overtaken, and refusing to 