OUR GAS SUPPLY. to tub editor ok the sydney' dairy telegraph. Sir,— l our strictures in this day s leader on tfie apathy of our fellow citizens regarding tho imposition they quietly bear under the monopoly so vigorously swayed by the Sydney Gas Company, are really well dtse'rved ; and it is to be sincerely hoped that your suggestive watchword for tho ensuing (municipal WlvuOuw CQuTQC) CO 1110 YT QO 10 ClCy Uuu SuOUrDSi No amount of opposition or competition can curb such tyranny, except an Act of Parliament dipping the present long wing of onr 'gas vultures,— Yours, Ac., CITIZEN, November 21. Our correspondent overlooks the fact that the moment the reduction is made tbe object of tho opposition is served. As the mayor of Ashfield has pointed ont, it would pay the borough to keep its own gas works without ever putting a fire in tho furnaces. So long as the company chose to supply gas at less than the council could manufacture it for, by all means let the citizens enjoy tho benefit. But the moment imposition was attempted the municipal works could bo started. Of course such a step would not pay a private person, bnt it would be a very different thing with a municipality. — En, a.I).T.\ A lecture was delivered in St. Stephen's Church on Wednesday, by the Rev. Dr. Steol on the " Life of Martin Luther," specially addressed to tho young. There was 'a good attendance, and numbers of adults mingled in the audience. Dr. Steel gave a brief sketch of the Reformer's career, and ex hibited a scries of finely- coloured views, shown by the lime light, which were highly appreciated by all. Many instructive lessons'suited to the young were drawn and enforced. After a brief interval, Dr, Steel Bhowed a number of photographs of the city of Rome, ancient and modern. The views came but splendidly. Some statuary in the Vati can attracted great attention, A collection was made for the temperance society. The choir ren dered several appropriate hymns, Mr G, W. Yarn- ton presiding at the organ. According to a report on the coral fishery pub lished by the Italian Ministry of Commerce, up wards of 4000 men find occupation in that indus try each year, with an average take of G6,009 kilo grammes, valued at 4,200,000f, elections will be made tbe chief test ot the candidates claim to office. The action of the Asliffeld Conncil iB one that its mnch older, but very much fossilized firandmotber— the Sydney Municipal Council — should ay to heart, and rather than waste the citizens' money in all sorts of speculative experimental road- making, and other luxuries of the same ilk, set about end follow the Ashfield Conncii's lead. Fatting out of eight the admitted fact, as some time ago came to light, of fast meters supplied to consumers, is it not notorious that this company should be allowed tq charge consumers Gs Gd per 1000 feet where they are getting their staple supply — coal — at their doors for almost a song, and the Melbourne Gas Company, who have to pay such an immensely higher price for their coal Bhould be able to soil their gas at a cheaper rate. I believe that such a state of things would not he tolerated in nny other city but Sydney, where we, its sleepy citizens, allow our councillors, our ga3 company and their combined body of officers, to ride roughshod Over our backs, bowed down in submission to their sweet yoke. Snch is evidently destined to be broken, and the sooner the better. And I may further state that that yoke can only be broken by such action on tho part of each municipality, or the whole combined, as the Ashfield Conncil is adopting. Because no com- pnny that wonld care to start in opposition to the present monopolists, would have have the ghost of a clianco of Buccess; Bince— I havo this on the word of one of the company's officers — the present company has designedly made such a great reserve fund, that Bhould any company have the temerity to start, they intend, and are able to supply gas for 12 months, 