SCOTCH FUNERALS. THE way in which people often talk of the old style of Scotch funerals would lead strangers to conclude that 'an1 uniform fashion had. prevailed over the whole country. But the fact is that, except; that grief was everywhere held to': be ".dry." the modus operandiot the funeral-differed widely in different districts. In'-'sonie country places— about Loch Lomond side, for example — every man who heard' of a death made it a point to attend the funeral. When a Sabbatli intervened between death and burial, then the proposed time of interment was intimated " in the churchyard between the preach ings"; while, if the deceased, happened to be a person of some consideration in the locality, the beadle was sent around the houses to warn all and sundry of the time and olacc of the funeral. In the north end of the Island of Arran, at the period of my last visit, not long ago, when a death occurred a messenger was dispatched to every house within seven miles to inti mate the deatli and the time when it was proposed to bury. The messenger was not supposed to invite the people to the funeral, only to warn them of it, invitation being regarded as superfluous. Tt is quite possible that an excuse for much of the drinking at funerals was found in the circumstance that the coffin had often to lie carried a very long distance, thus entailing a good deal of exertion 011 the part of the attendants. Carriages and hearses were not to be had in country districts, and the coffin had to be borne along the road on "spokes"; and thus where the way. was long and the bearers few)' the burden was often a heavy one. In other cases, where no such excuse for a supply of stimulants existed, the example set was. followed from the feel ing of pride. " Folks liked to be decent, like their neighbours." At Lus-s the fashion was to serve out no liquor at the house from which the funeral --"-lifted." : Tlie primary purpose for -which ' the company was met was recognized as being to' get the bod1 to the churchyard and buried there. The -graveyard was, however, a long distance from. the village, -and, the burial over, the company adjourned to the neighbouring " stage hoosc" for refreshments, which forty, years ago always took the following shape : first a glass of whisky was handed round, accompanied -by—loaf bread, oat cake, and cheese. When that had been discussed, a glass of rurii and a farthing " cappit" biscuit for each mourner followed This again was succeeded by a glass of wine and a sponge, or funeral biscuit. It was a matter of compulsion, almost, for each person to take off his glass each round and many persons still living re member with a shudder their experience on such occasions. But even this fashion' was mild compared with the generation immediately preceding, when every guest had to swallow three glasses of each of the kinds .of drink. The scandals to which this immoderate drinking led can be well enough conceived, and the Lairds of Colquhoun, shocked at some stories that came to their ears, offered to provide a hearse at their own. expense for all interments, to take away the excuse for .so much indulgence ; but the proposed -innovation was resisted for 'many years. On one occasion a party was returning after the funeral and subsequent refresh ment, and some kind friend had lent them a cart to ride home in. A discussion on some point (whether political or reli gious I cannot say) arose, the result being that" those who adopted the one side of the question refused to ride in the same cart with their opponents, and the weaker side was consequently " disrupted " into the road and had to walk the remainder of the journey. The custom of hot supplying drink to the mourners till the burial was completed was one which might have been imitated with advantage elsewhere. On 'the' south bank of the Clyde it did not prevail. Some of the inhabitants of Uic' district through which the Greenock branch of the Caledonian ...c. :x Railway now" runs hadtheir family " lair," : or burying-pla'ces/ih the 'graveyard of a village over the hills nearer Ayrshire. Whether it was usual to give a dram be fore staiting or no, a supply was in variably furnished, to help the party on the road. At a funeral which took place quite within living memory, _the_rests had been frequent on the road, as had also been the applications to the pocket pistols, and. at last the party deployed into the churchyard without the coffin. .Ofxourse, there was great consternationfc|i6>vecl by a general retracing of stcpJ-,-,.vat I last, they discovered the object, I search lying by the roadside at one:'o_f?jKel| points where they had halted to rest- ''Stji&J; refresh. Fifty years ago, when Bridgeton and Calton were not so closely connected with Glasgow as they are now, while the habit of inviting people to funerals had crept in the circle to which the invitations were confined were not- nearly so .circumscribed as has since become the.. Tashion. The great day for ;'interments : was: Sabbath and every Sunday , the . churchyards in Clyne Street arid J'olfn Street presented a scene of unusual , bustle. Of course, - Sunday was a very!' convenient day, . for poor people, as it saved them from losing a day's work ; but the practice of delaying burials till Sunday was carried to such a pitch as to create a perfect nuisance in the vicinity of the churchyards, and the authorities interfered and discouraged it, to the extent of their power. A big I funeral cortege was still looked upon as a 1 most desirable thing and everybody who | was asked endeavoured to attend. It was I quite a common thing for a man to at- | tend three funerals of different persons, I in no way related to him, on the same I day ; ahd, in fixing the hour for burial, I care was taken to suit the convenience I of those who might have other funerals I to assist at on the same day. The I daughter of a weaver, who died in Bridgeton half a century ago, told 111c that there were seventy-two persons in vited to her father's funeral, and her mother was exceedingly proud thai of this large ! number, only one failed to respond, and he was prevented from coming by his foot being so much suppcrated that he could not get on his shoe. The custom in Bridgeton was to give each mourner a glass of wine and a biscuit, and it was often furnished to a large company by families, the children of which would next day be crying for bread. Twenty years ago I was at a funeral in th'c country at which the minister and his colleague of the church to which the de ceased belonged attended. After the company had assembled, some decanters of wine andatray with cake were brought in and set upon the table. The daughter ot tlie deceased, lierseit a clergyman s 1 wife, then suggested that the senior I minister should " ask a blessing " This I request served as an excuse for a long I prayer, appropriate to the circumstances of the occasion which had brought us together, and, after it was over, cake and wine were handed round. Then a re quest was made that the junior clergyman should " return thanks ," and lie readily enough indulged in a prayer, in which he gathered up the fragments suitable to the circumstances which his colleague had omitted, and that was the whole religious service — simply a grace before and after meat. I have already referrred to what was called the "funeral biscuit," which was seldom eaten by such ofthemale mourners as had young folks at home. My grand father, who resided in a small burgh in Renfrewshire, always had one or two of his grandchildren awaiting his return from any burial he attended, who were not often disappointed in seeing the coveted morsel produced from his pocket and having it shared among them. But this biscuit deserves mention for another reason; Right on top of it, in the centre, was placed a piece of darkcolored orange- peel, and it is just possible that its pre sence was the_ perpetuation of a symbol used at old heathen rites. Quite within living memory it was also customary to put a black mark on some of the oat-cakes served along witn wiiisky in public nouses in Rutherglen, near Glasgow. Few if any of those who observed this custom in baking the cakes latterly could have the least notion of what their action implied ; but its origin may be. traced to the old heathen practice at the feasts of Baal of giving bread with a black mark upon it to those unhappy persons who were selected as victims to be sacrificed. It is possible that the bit of dark orange-peel upon the light sponge biscuit is just a more modified perpetuation of the same superstitious observance as was handed down through the oat-cakes of the Ruther glen publicans. A more prosaic explana tion, no doubt, occurred to the man in Ayrshire, when he for the first time at tended a funeral where the biscuit with the orange-peel was served. Orange-peel was a new experience to him, and when the tough substance got entangled in his teeth he dislodged it and threw it away wondering, with an expletive more for cible than reverential, "what induced people to put ham-rinds, into their bis cuits." I feel persuaded that it is one of the things not generally known that "waking" the dead has been practiced in one of the northern counties of Scotland from time immemorable and is still in vogue there. When a death occurs in Glen Urquhart, the survivors in the household are never suffered to be alone with their dead till the day of the funeral. The body is not placed in the coffin till the day of interment, for the simple reason that the coffin has to be made by i the village joiner, after death takes place. I A house with a corpse in it becomes for ! the two .or three days and nights that : intervene between death and burial the rendezvous of all the neighbours, who sit and" tell" stories; ghost stories Tiaving a decided preference, ostensibly to keep the. Bereaved family from feeling eerie, but really for purposes of entertainment. Such gatherings differ from Irish "wakes" in this particular, that tobacco and pipes are not provided by the relatives of the deceased, each attender bringing his own supply of these luxuries ; but whisky is supplied by the family in whose house the wake is held and pretty freely dis pensed, Such gatherings are favourite resorts of blushing lasses and strapping lads who are courting, and are often the scene of more laughter , than tears. The funerals in this locality present an imposing spectacle, often as many as a hundred men, decently clad in black broadcloth, winding in slow procession through the valley, in the rear of the bearers who carry the coffin. But here again we have an illustration of local variations of custom ; for, though it is the habit to invite all the male inhabitants of I the district, the next-door neighbovr of I the deceased would not go to the funeral I without receiving a direct invitation ; while I over the hills, in theadjoiningglen, no invi- I tations are issued, but everybody is ex- 1 pected to attend. Of course, where drink I is supplied at the wake«i1$Snot withheld I at the burial, and b es i d qs; t he'ro u n d served I out at the house, there is another often at I the churchyard. Enough drink and bread and cheese to supply a hundred men is no light weight, and where the cortege has to go a few miles to the. place of interment it is usual to send a small pony-cart, bearing the refreshments, after the party. A jar of whisky invariably forms part of the contents of the cart, whatever may be the more solid portion of the refreshment provided. The people are Free Church to a man, but they are I not teetotal ; and it is nothing out of the common, after the grave has been filled up, to sec an old Free Church cider stand ing, possibly on a flat tombstone, engaged in' asking a blessing 011 the refreshment about to be partaken, with a bottle of whisky in the one hand and a glass in I the other. A gentleman resident in I Glasgow, a native of the district, informed I me that on a recent visit to Glen I Urquhart he took part in a funeral which I was very largely attended ; but of all the I company assembled round the grave he J was the only one who refused to drink I the whisky. — William McQueen, in "Mac- I millaiis Magazine ." 