THE NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH AT MILLICENT, LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE, The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Roman Catholic Church at Millicent} to be called the Church of St. Alphonsus, was performed on Sunday afternoon by the Bishop of the Diocese, tho Right Rev. C. A. Reynolds, It was arranged that the ceremony should take place immediately after the mass, at 12 o'clock, and great interest was shown in the event by the Roman Catholic community, There was a large attendance at the old church at 11 o'clock, the small and by no means elegant building being crowded, while sixty or seventy persons went through the service outside, Mass was celebrated by the Very Rev, Dean Ryan, and at the close the congregation, about two hundred and fifty in number, formed in procession, a number of the school children dressed in white, with green sashes, etc., leading ? Master Malcolm MacNeill was cross-bearer and Master R, Lane carried the bowl of holy water, The Bishop, dressed in full canonicals, and carrying his pastoral staff, took a position in. the rear of the procession, 'The procession walked from the church door, the children singing the hymn " Immaculate," round the spot on which the church will be erected. The Bishop, on reaching the site of the future altar (which was marked by a floral cross), with the Very Rev, Dean Ryan and the Rev. T, O'Neill, who assisted, intoned the antiphon, "Signum salutis Domine Jesu Ohriste." They then recited with the choir the 82nd Psalm--''How lovely are Thy taber nacles." A prayor was afterwards made, in which the name of the patron saint, St. Alphonsus Ligouri, was invoked. The Bishop and attendants then proceeded to the corner, the children singing the hymn " Daily, daily;" and, there The Very Rov, the Dean introduced to the Bishop the Committee of the ohuroh, who wished to present him with an address, as an expression of their good will to him and thankfulness for coming to lay the foundation stone of the church',' Mr, J, B. Bennett read the address, as fol lows; The right Reverend Christopher AUGUSTINE Reynolds Lord Bishop of Adelaide. May It please Your Lordship We, the undersigned, on behalf of the Catholics of Millicent and this district, desires to express the great pleasure it gives us to welcome your Lordship on this occasion; and more especially gratifying is your visit, knowing that you have come to do a great work, namely, to lay the foundation stone of our Church, wherein we may worship Almighty God with due reverence, as behovos us as a Christian body, With our increasing congregation we feel the necessity for a larger and better building than the one we now use, and we know it will be to your Lordship a very pleasing duty, you having always taken a deep interest in our spiritual welfare, and we shall now look forward to the great pleasure of your Lordship's next visit, when you will come to consecrate our now building, Trusting that vour Lordship may be blessed with good health and long spared to carry on the great and noble work to which Almighty God has been pleasod to annoint you, Is the prayer of your most loving and faithful people. Henry Stephens M. GEOGHEGAN M. White M, HOGAN J, B, BENNETT JAMES DUNN JOHN BRENNAN RICHARD KENNEDY JOHN MOLONEY P, O'Neill G. F. MacCARTHY P, SCANLON The address was nicely written on parchment by Mr. G. M, Nobes, and illuminated in gold and silver by Mr, E, J, Harris, The Bishop replied-My dear brethren and children in Jesus Christ, I do not need this public manifestation and expression of your good wlll to me as Bishop, as I thoroughly understood from the beginning of our relation ship the spirit of Catholic loyalty that existed among tho people of Millicent, to be called for the future the Mission of St, Alphonsus, You judge rightly when you say it is to me a source of gratification to come - to do a great work. It is indeed a great work, for a house is to be built for God and not for man. And you judge rightly also of the feeling of deep interest I have had in you ever since my first visitation when I saw the spirit of Catholic fidelity and earnestness you showed to erect a temple for the living God, You then did not know how strong you were, and when I pointed out to you the way in which the work might be done you nobly responded. I will not delay on this occasion, as much is to be said In the ceremonial, but to thank you from my heart for your affectionate greetings, and to assure you that while God gives me breath to bold the onerous position I do the people of this district will have a large share in my thoughts and my prayers. I earnestly pray God, to whom we are going to dedicate this temple by blessing its first stone, that He will pour down on this family, His best blessing and benediction. His Lordship then resumed the ceremony of laying the stone. The stone was raised from its bed, and a bottle containing a copy of the latest issues of the Border Watch and South-Eastern Star, several coins of the realm, a medal of Pope Leo XIII,, and a document, of which the follow, ing is a copy, placed in a cavity in the limestone block on which it rested , D, O.M. Ilunp pthnarlum |apidom ccclcslro Sanctl Alphonsl Llguori, universalis JJcclcsltp Doctorls, apud Milllcont, dioXXIXa Aiirills, annq qulntp' Pqntlflpitus SSml D.N. Loonlel'.P. XIII., Kovcruiullaaltnu^ Oiriatopliorua Angustlnus Episcopua Adolaldonsls boncdlxlt ot poauit. In XLV 0 anno Victoria) I,, Magnerum Rritannlarum Rcgina>, el us Vicegercnto in hao Provincla Australia) MriUrlopans Gulielrao Francisco Cleaver Robinson . oqulte, ec magnft tufba Xt( fHlpUum, ot Admodum Ruvorendo M. J. Ryan apcano, ot Reyorcndo Mathla Swinedy Jtj hoc" Montis Qambieranslsi, pietrlctu li;|on&rus;, etRovorendoThoma O'Neill Procapell&no; Eplecopl, assUtcntlbus. 11 Benedio Domine nos ot hoc opus nostrum ad Tul Nomlnls gloriam, ot bcncdlo omncs hujus occlwim TUB hanofactoroi." The following is a translation of the above TO T1IB OBEAT OMSirOTBNT OOD. This flrsb atono 'of the Churoh ol Saint Alphonuua Lifiiorl, Doctor of tho Universal Church, tho Most Rev. Chrlstophor AuirustinQ, Disliop ol Adplalde, blessed and ptoced Rt MlHlcent, the 20tn dny o[ April, tho fifth year ol the pontlflcato of our most Holy Fathor Leo In the 45th year of Victoria I,, Queen of Great Britain, her vice-regent In this Province of South Aus tralia being Sir William Francis Cleaver Robinson; and a great gathering of the faithful of Christ, the Very Rev. M J. Ryan, Dean, and the Rev. Matthew Kennedy, missionaries In the district of Mount Gam- bier, and the Rev, Thomas O'Nell, chaplain to the Bishop, assisting. " Bless us, 0 Lord, and this our work, for the glory of Thy name, and bless all the benefactors of this Thy church." This document was neatly engrossed and beautified with an ornamental border of red, by one of the Sisters of Mercy at Mount Gambier, The stone, which was a neatly dressed block of grey dolomite from Mr. C. Holloway's quarry, At Compton, bore in gilt letters on the face the words "St. Alphonsus" and underneath a carved Celtic cross, We believe Mr. T. Kelly dressed the stone. The mason (Mr. Timothy Poole) who placed the stone in position (us the building has not yet been contracted for), spread the mortar under neath, after which the Bishop made the sign of the cross on each face of the stone and sprinkled it with holy water, at the same time pronouncing in Latin the words " In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The nntiphon "Mane surgeus Jacob," was then intoned, and Psalm exxvi, recited. . The stone was then lowered into position,' the Bishop applied the trowel, plumb, and level, and everything being satisfactory, a prayer was . offered, and tho Bishop pronounced the following blessing in Latin and English " In the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ we place this first stone in the foundation, in tha name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that true faith may flourish here, and the fear of God and brotherly love, and that this place may be destined to prayer find to the invocation and praise of the same Lord Jesus Christ, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, liveth and reigneth God, world without end. Amen," His Lordship then sprinkled the top of the Btone with holy water, and, tho proceeaion being renewed, ho walked round tho lines marked for the foundations of tho church and blessed them, tho choir chanting the " Miserere." He thon returned to the Ride of tho foundation stone, where Psalm lxxxviii. was recited, and a final prayer, asking tho blessing of God on the work' heguti, offered. I : ThV Bishop then, standing'beside tho stone, preached from-the following wordsj And.tho Klnif snld to all the assembly: " Tho wofk In great, lor a houao la prepared not lor man but for (Qpd, And I, with nil my ability, tmvo iiromred tho 'oxpeuso lor tho liouso of my God. Anil tho pcoplo re/olccU whon they promised their offerings willingly, bwauw thoy offered tham to tho I.ord with all tneir heart; and J)avld tho .King rojolcod also wlthagrisafi ' joy. > And he blcssod the Lord boforoall tho niulti tudo, and ho aild i V Blessqd, art thou, 0 Lord, tho Clod o! Israel, our Fathoi:'from otornlty to otcrnity. Thino,. 0 Lord, Is tho magnlflconco and.power.and glory ana victory, and to Tnco is prolso: for All {hat s In hoavon and In earth is Thine; Thino via/ t^io kingdom, 0 Lord, and Thou art abovo all princes. i Thino aro riches,! and Thlno Is tho glory; Thou bust? dominion oYor all j in Thy hand 1# tho powor apd might, and in -TJiy htynd gr«atn,o»s and tho .othplro of all things, / Now, therefore,.our Gpd,;we iglve this to Theo'and wo pralso Thy glorious name, Who am 'I, and, what Is my ptioplo,1 thttf wo should hoabloto promtso Thco all those things? All things aro Thine, and wo havo'glverf.*Thco what wo havo recolvcd ot Thy hand. For wo aro sojourners boforo Thoe and rancors, as wore all our fathers. Our days,upon the irth are as (i sliadoiy| and thoro is no stay. O'Lord our God, all thlsstoro that wo havo propared to build Theo an houso tor Thy holy name is from Thy hand, tand ajl,things aro Thino." , 1 . These words, he Baid, were from I. raralipn menon (I, Ohronioles) xxix. 1, 2, and 0 to 10, inclusive.,; How-replete with consolation, with hope, with love, were tho words put into their mouth hy the royal David in the portion of Holy Writ which he had selected for his text, How beautifully humbly the royal prophet singer owned his confidence in God. How he reminded them, too, in his humility, that all the things he had prepared with which to build Him an house were from His holy hand:-' 'Thino, 0 Lord God, is the kingdom and might and power; all things are Thine j aud that which we offer Thee is the . gifts we have received from Thy hand." Ho told them too, and tho wordB filled them with a truo sense of their duty-" The work is indeed great, for,a house is being prepared for God and not for mah." ' This spirit actuated the old Jewish people when thoy wero the favorites of God, and whin they read the coutinuanco of the chapter thoy were struck with astonishment at the mighty talents of gold and diver and precious stones that David had selected and sot apart for glory of the nation, thoir joy in peace and in war, and to which tho Jew in joy or tribulation should resort to meet hia God. YCB, thoy were astonished at tho work ; and it was the spirit whioh actuated David that permeated the whole Christian commonwealth, when, no sooner had peace been given to her hy Constantino than ehe set costly offerings apart with whioh to ercot temples to God. Distance she considered nothing she brought gold from Ophir, and cut moun tains in pieces to procure marble to ercot those temples. Their fathers wero men of faith and Ijopo and love, for what did they not do for the erection of temples ? Lot tho mighty fanes of :their fathers Answer, those splendid tomples that still stood, tho admiration of modern historians, and the astonishment of art and science, how that in ages thnt wore called barbarous no sacri fice was considered too great to erect those 'temples, no sacrifice was thought too great to offer to God. But then tho flno arts woro atmotified by the Church, as they found in the 4th contnry, tho popes, as they emerged from the catacombs, giving tho highest prizes to tho skill of tho architect for tho creoiion of temples to God. We 'found their works coming down to the present day, and modern art and science paled before the art of tho middlo' ages, whether 'in atone or silver or brass ; and men in thia? ago of enlightonmont were but pupils to, and learned from, the great masters of old, What was the reason of thia P Wbat gave this motive power to the art and science of old P It waB the true Oatholio spirit whioh possessed their hearts ; they looked upou art as the handmaid of religion, and on science as .given them as a means to houor and oxalt God. Thoy cried out with David-"All things aro Thine ; Thine is the magnifloejice, ana power, aud , glory, i aud victory, and . we offer these. gifts, j as, an expression and acknowledgement of thanks giving to Thcio who hast given qs the spirit and the art and tho genius," This WBB tho spirit in whioh thoy built the temples of old.: They might not in their humble situation be able to rival the work of tho past. They might not think it necessary-nay, they did not tniuk it' necessary-but they should not be second to the: fathers of old in the spirit whioh actuated them. It was indoed a source of consolation to him on this solemn aud publio occasion to express to tliera his thorough appreciation, of what the people had alroady dono In preparation for that tomple. Ills hoart was also filled with con. solation whou he saw the spirit that aotuated them there in the past when, ho might say, they wore but sojourners, Seven years ago, when he was there for the first time, there were few people there, and ho could see from where ho now stood tho very roof of the house where he administered the sacrament of confirmation for the first time. They were theu desirous of erectiug a little church', but be told theij} a little one would hot do, apd advised them to wait and make preparations for tho ereotion of a larger ohuroh. The words ho then spoke had borne happy fruit. On his socond visitation they made a purchase of that site, whioh for eligibility of sltuatiou was not surpassed in the South-EaBteni District. Thoy also purchased that little humble buildiqg- Jie called it a second Bothlohem-in which they had since worshipped God, and it had answered their ends, Aftor wards they became dissatisfied with that church -.truly the stablo of Bethlehem-but it was thought it would auswer until thoy could erect tho new one, if they wore faithful hi making pre parations, He was indeed thoroughly pleased and satisfied with what thoy had dono. Iho site was paid for, and there was more than M50 iu hand, apd their offertory that morning would loave thoir pastor free of any inxioty in com mencing the erection of the churoh. They said in tho ritual, in tho self-aama words of holy David, that "unless tha Lord build tho house in vain do they labor who build it. Unless tho Lord do guard the city in vain do tho watchers look out." They wero beginning huipbly, but with confidenco in Qod, and get this up aa Jacob did tho altar aftor he. wrestled with tho angel and poured oil upon it, and called it " nono other than tho house of God ; tho very gato of heaven." Tho sumo ritual they hud UBod in sotting up tills Btone to-day, and it was sot up as a testimony of faith and hope and love. The cross marked tho silo of: ho altar. The Cross was tho throne of Christ's victory, the pulpit from whioh He preached poaca and consolation to tnen; henco they had cherished that consecrated emblem as tlio throne of Jesus Christ. In the foundation deep had thoy placed it, and on tho apex of the building, when erected, it would stand and tell every passer by that the Oross was aoknowlcdged in word and deed aud waB set up there as an expression of their' faith. lie hoped tho work would progress satisfactory. Somo little diffi culties would have to bp enpouptorod, of course ; but .what of. that? Tho work was for God, not for man. It would bo to them a realization of their faith and hope and love, and thoy would bo able on the day of consecration to otter tho title deeds of the building free of debt to their great and good Godj "for a]l things," they might ory out with David, " aro Thine ; all como from Thy hands, 0 God. Thine is tho magnificence and power aud glory and victory." It was also the embodiment of their hope for time aud eternity. Where should they turn to in either sorrow or Affliction but to tho Church. That churoh would be to them " the very gato of heaven," Wheu the sorrows of life, with which they were all more or less acquainted, pressed upon them, they would turn to the tomple, and there seek peace and consolation from God. If they had transgressed Hia divine law it was to tho temple they would turn to have their souls cleansed from sin. It was there they would consecrate their children to God, and by tho holy sacrament of baptism give them the title deeds to eternal life. It waa there they would go with their childreu at that danger ous period of their lifo when tho knowledge of good nud evil dawned upon thom for tho : first timo, to givo thcin spiritual strengthening by tho sacrament of confirmation. It waa there i too that they would eat the ileali and driuk tho ; blood of tho Sou o( Man iu tha Holy EuoliwUfc. It was at that altar that they would reccivo in the Holy Eucharist tho body, blood, soul, and dignity of Jcaua Christ, nctuully, truly, and substantially in the appearance of bread rtnd wino, to animate them with now courage to combat with their adversary, " who went about like u roaring lion seeking to dovour." They %Yoxi!d also rcceivo there the sacrament of penance, The holy sacrament of matrimony would there ho peifortr.oil, and the duties and obligations of husband aud wife to each other, to their children, and to God, pointed out. But. thnro was another time when tho Church would stand tho beat friond of all on earth to them. When all abandoned them she was tho last to leave thein. When the soul of oua of her chil dren waft, aummonedl before the. tribunal of God alio would Btaud by the lifeless body and preparo conseorated earth in which to put-it,- and would pour forth her prayers that God might have raercy on that eon), because while it lived in the body it had faith in Christ and was marked by tho seal of the Holy Trinity, This was tho last petition of< the Church day aftor day in tho solemn litany of the Mass, Therefore, as he had said, the Church was the embodiment of nil their hopes in time and oternity. He commended tho congregation, because ho knew their first anxiety when settling in tlje district, oven before erect ing dwelling places for themselves, was to erect a church to God. JHs duties did not permit him | to ? go thcro until now ; but ho rejoiced then beoauso the work wbb great, and .'lie was re minded of the words of tho holy prophot David, llwt " a bouse was to be built for God and not for man." That work had been solonmly inaugurated to-day. 'In the courso . of a few short months it would bo completed, and ^ould, havo to be consecrated j aud he trusted he might be permitted theii to como again aud offer tho first so'omn sacrifice within its hallowed walls,' t»id. say to God- " Thine is the msguiflcenco aud (fie power; Thine is the empire from general tion to ceneralion ; nil things are Thine, and wo offer Thee, tliqsa gifts we havo received from Thy hands." Mnfcb had been done by the peoplo, hut muoh more remnined to be done, Ho knew their spirit.and *eul for tho glpry of.God's house, and, therefore, he felt but little anxiety on that soore. To- day, then, he asked them to come forward and of those gifts thqy had received from God to give ; to make a. sacrifice of tliosa gifts of which they were but tho stewards of God. Ho knew they had had many viecisoitudes thero. It had pleased God. not to give fertility to tho earth. Although they might sow it was He alono who could givo the increase ; but while He in His mercy had chastised them in this way He bad blessed them in another with robust health, and next to true faith was not that the greatest gift of God P/lle asked them, if they bad much to givo^abund antly, and if littlo to take caro out of that littlo to bestow a little. Let the young also como forward and give, and in the future it would bo their proud testimony to say that their fathers built tho temple, but that they assisted by their offerings to build it, Let them all come for ward and give liberally, so that plenty of skilled workmen could bo put on tho building ; and he trusted that within three months they might see their way to the consecration of the temple, the foundation stono of which they lmd laid that morning. Contributions woro then placed on the stono,, the Bishop naming the giver in each case, and occasionally, when a child came forward and gave its mite, bestowing upon it a kindly "God bless you " In a fow minutes nearly £170 was laid on tho stone, Subsequently other donations and promises woro recoived, which, with tho gifts placed on tho stone and the offertory after mass in tho morning, made up a total of about £180. The Bishop and Father O'Neil returned to Mount Gambier in the evening, Mr. John Newton, who had gone down in the morning for the purpose, driving them back in a conveyance drawn by a splendid team of four horses. His Lordship left for Casterton on Monday. Tho now church will occupy ono of tho roost commanding and oligiblo sites in Millicent, the rising ground immediately at tho rear of the old building in George-street. Tho church property thero consists of a block of two acres, extending from George-street to the railway-station yard, and contains a largo quantity of hard sandstone, which, it is likely, will ho employed in tho con* Btruction of the building, This sandstono will bo used for tho greater part of the walls, which will bo of rubblo masonry ; tho quoins and drcs siugs will be of sawn-faced limestone from tho Honging Rocks, The stylo of tho building will bo Norman - Gothic, aud tho plans show a very elegant structure, The nave, whioh will lie directly east and west, will be 00ft. long by 80ft, wide, and "will, it iq estimated, afford accommodation for f>00 worshippers. For a time a temporary clmncel and vestry at the eastern end will bo provided, the former of whioh will bo about 20ft. square. The intention io ulti mately to make tho church cruciform in shapo : aud when that is done tho tomporary rooms will bo removed and permanent, ones placcd at the eastern end. Tho front of tho building will face George-street, and will bo very handsome. Tho entrance doors will be on each side of a porch ,14ft. square, Ou ft neat pedestal on the top of the porch a statue of St, Alphousus, the patron saint of the church, will bo placed. The front of the church will be 38ft. wido externally. The walls are to be 25ft. high, and the full height of the building from the street to the ridge will bo about 52ft. Over the ridge in front thero will be n neat belfry 12ft. high, which will bo surmounted by a floral cross. In tho front tlio-e will be three Gothio windows, and in the. gablo below tho belfry a prettily dosigned roso window, which will bo filajsed with stained glass. On cach side of tho building thoro will bo four ordinary Gothic windows, A two mullioned Oriel window with rich tracery will light, the chunool, and it will also bo ftllod with stained glass. Trefoils abovo tho Oriel aud roso windows will ho filled with wire netting. Tha specifications montion that zinc sashes aro to bo put in tho ordinary windows, but as some of the congregation aro In favor of putting in stained glass memorial windows, ziuo sashes will not be inoluded in tho contract. Tho roof will bo covered with galvanised iron, Tho door sills are to be of the best Mintnro slate,' Tho interior of the nave wjll bo elegantly finished, in conformation with the general design, The ceiling will be curved, and tho principals of the roof will rest on carved stone corbols. Tenders have not yet. boen callod for the work, hut as everything is now ready they will be invited, in a fow days.,, It is estimated that the building will cost about £1,300 to erect and furnish. Orer £300 of tho required amount is already in band, so tlmt the Committee have a good start. We may add that the architect of tho building is Mr. M., MacMullen, of Adelaide. The new churoh is much required. The old building, a weatherboard structure, was origi nally erected for a butcher's shop, and was for a time ocoupled hy Mr. J. Wnrr. After being purchased by the Catholics, of Mijljcent It was lined with matchboard and otherwise improved internally, but its externa} appearance is suoh that the Bishop certainly flattorcd it when he compared it to tho stable of Bethlehem. As tho congregation increased it becamo altogether too small, a fact which more than any other called for a new church. 