LAW COUBTS. SUPREME OOURT-CRIMINAL SITTINGS. Tuesday, Ji.'xk 19. [Before Mr. Justice Boucaut] THL Bl.'KrORI- Xl'ISAXi'G CASK. In this case the Crowa Solicitor ( don. C. Mann, Q.C.) applied to the jadge to enter the verdict given by the jury as one of guilty. He contended that it amounted to a Hading of Ruilty. Mr. J. H. Sjmon, Q.C, oppose! the application. Hia Honor said he did not intend to hear the point argued then. He would take a note of Mr. Sjmon'a points, and reserve a ca=c for the consideration of the Full Court. Mr. rsjraon said that, on the finding of the jury he shotild contend that a verdict of not puilty should be entered. He quoted from Archibald on the point of special verdicts. After a short discussion. His Honor said the verdict was open to three constructions — first, that it was one of guilty ; secondly, that it was ono of not guilty ; thirdly, that on the verdict there should be a new trial He intended to enter a verdict of guilty, as be thought the finding amounted to that, but would reserve a case for the C9n sidcration ot the Supreme Court on all paints raised, including Mr. Bundey'a argument on the construction of the Sewers Act. Mr. Sjmon said the defendants would come. up for judgment when called upon. Hi:* Honor ordered them to be baond over in their own recognizances of £53 THE 1.TKK1.ATEU. I.IRE1. -'ASP.. Frederick Harris Linklater, solicitor, was charged with publishing a malicious libel on Moss Samuel Solomon in the Gawler Bunijip, in March la«fc Mr. W. V. Smith, with Mr. Matthews, appeared for the defendant. The alleged libel was as follows :— ** Some considerable tone ago in the days when pira tical cpera- bouffe was all the rage at the Theate Royal, and legs and champagne used occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a daring, but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable deter mination of * sheeing somethings for notings ma tear.' With this end in view the gentle man (?) in question, after some little exertion unmterruptccTview or~the endraped window of the room wherein certain undeaped young ladies were in the habit of noctnr nally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight until in an ill starrcd moment a brother tom-cat uplifted bis voice in a minor bey at bis elbsw! f^iimis-pjsnaonri^as'nscffed by tne stage manager and property-man. Sut his troubles bad only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their -victim, and bad him too ! They took him to their dressing-room, and having plenti fully besprinkled him with duty water, deftly applied their ready powder-puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion, the old man raised bis eyes and his bauds, and exclaimed, ' Holy Moses ! iah dat a ghost or a rollingpin? . ? % .Now yon would hardly credit it, but this young gentle man is a member of the Artillery force of South Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, snd to fni-r with gentlemen. Of coarse, after the above narrative every one will know what for.' Witnesses were ordered out of court. The Hon. C. Mann, Q.C., in opening the case, aaid the defendant was charged with having written a false and malicious libel about Mr. Moss Samuel Solomon who was at -the time and was now a member of the Volunteer Force. And about the time of the publication of the libel he had applied for a commission in the force and gone up for bis examination, which he subsequently passed with a view of being appointed an officer cf the force. About that time the paragraph appeared in tiie Eitnyip of March 23, 1SS3. The jury bad beard the libel read in the information. If the jury did nottibink the written matter libellous it would, as His Honor would tell them, then be their duty to acquit the prisoner. The learned counsel, after describing the nature of a libel, said the jury would see that it was not at all necessary *to constitute a libel that & man should be accused of crime only. Anything that tended to make him ridiculous or that held him up to ridicule or contempt in the eyes of right -seeing men was a libel. And the writer of a libel waa liable to prosecution and. punishment by tine or imprisonment. In that particular case, lie. Solomon, who was a Jew, was in the Volun teer Force — and there were only four of the Jewish persuasion in the force — and Colonel Dowmes would be called to prove that Mr. Solomon was the person referred to in the objectionable paragraph. That would not be : denied, for, as a matter of fact, defendant had pleaded the truth by Baying that Mr. Solomon was net only the person referred to in the paragraph, but that the paragraph was trne. If the paragraph did not hold up to ridicule the person referred to, he (the learned counsel) did not know what waa libeL If any man could have such exceed ingly low ideas as to climb np to a window to see a lot of women in a state of nudity or semi- nudity, such a man would certainly be a cor and unfit to mix with gentlamen. The defendant undertook to prove the truth of his assertions. Bat a libellous statement, If true, was still a libeL He (the learned counsel) would confine himself to the simple issue as to whether the paragraph were true or not Mr. Solomon hinwalf would £O into tte witness-box and swear thai it was absolutely untrue ; and a lot of other wit nesses wouldbeexaminedwhowonldalsoBwear that Mr. Solomon was not the man. If Mr. Solomon were guilty of the condnctattxibuted to him the jory would acqnit the defendant^ bat if be were not they could properly bring in a verdict of guilty, for he. the learned counsel, need hardly tell them that it was one thing to write in the strain of that paragraph and another to come into court and attempt to justify what had been written, and to repeat that what had been written was true in substance and in fact. The following evi dence was then called :— Michael John Stapleton, a bootmaker, residing in Gawler, proved purchasing a copy Of the Sttftjftp in which tike libel ^pixa-jJ, William Barnet, proprietor of the Gawler Bunyip, said be waa printer and editor of file paper. The defendant was the writer of the article complained of. Cross-examined by Mr. Smith — Had had some considerable ex perience sa a pressman. Knew nothing of the prosecutor. Edwin John Cox, solicitor, proved the receipt of the following letter which was pat in :—' Victoria Chambers, Flinders-street, April 5, 1883. Messrs. Wadey ft Cox, solicitors. Dear Sirs— In answer to your letter of to-day, I beg leave to correct your statement that I made a conditional offer on behalf of Mr. Bsxnet to give up the name of his correspondent. The con dition inserted in my letter was no more than the one implied in your own letter of the 27th, viz.. that if Mr. Barnet disclosed the name of hia correspondent he would be freed from the proceeding which you threatened if he did not do 80. My embodiment of that condition waa so superfluous that I now dispense with its repe tition, and as Mr. Barnet's attorney comply with your original request, for which com pliance yon extended the time in your inter view with me and Mr. Mathews; and I therefore announce to yon that the town correspondent of the Bunyip, who writes under the name of ** Felts,' and who wrote the article of March 23, is myself; and I beg leave to add that an account of the occurrence in the rear of the theatre was published in the Bulletin some two years ago, and Mr. Solomon, your client, was there named as the hero. I deaireto also add that I myself witnessed the whole affair, in cluding the Fanlshmeut inflicted by the ladies, and was an amused spectator of its ghostly result. If your client, animatedafter two years by a sadden access of self-respect, is so ill- advised as to proceed I shall have no hesitation in proving the above facts, and that your client has admitted them. And I have no hesitation in saying from my know ledge of the army and volunteers (in a distin guished corps in which I have served) that it was a matter of the highest importance to the force and to the public that respectable citi zens who undertake to defend their country should not have such an officer appointed to lead them in the field without the force and the public being both made well aware of it. — Yours truly, Fred. H. Link later.' Moss Samuel Solomon, the prosecutor, said he was of the Jewish persuasion, and was a sergeant in the B battery of Port Adelaide Artillery. There were other Jews in tho artillery. In March last had applied for a lieutenancy, and wasgoingin for an examina tion. Thelibelin 'TownTalk'ofthetfifnyip applied to himself, and was wholly incor rect. Gross- examined by Mr. Smith. First caw the paragraph complained ot pn the Tuesday following Easter Monday. Wrote to Mr. Stapleton to boy a copy of the paper. Got the Joan of a Bunyw from the Register office. Asked for the paper because lie h«d heard about the article. Major Solomon told him about it. Would not swear that other officer* in the service did not tell bun about it. Wa« not chaffed about tbe artirle, though he would not swear be waa not. Had been joked about aometfiirg similar, viz., as to getting on a roof and looking at unotoUied jjirls dressing themselves. Had been joked abont it for two years, but not constantly. Might have been chaffed about . it fifty tiroes. Read an article in tbe Bulletin. Was never told that that article referred to him. Never thought it was meant for him. Sergeant Lillywhite bad chaffed him about it, but could not say he had done so often. Witness complained to him about the charting. George Wiliiam Stacey was a brother officer, and had chuffed him about the article. Was ' joked in bis presence about looking at girls . dreEfciDg and being powdered for it. Some- I times half a dozen cr so persons were present : when he was chsifcd. Never did anything ! to justify Sergeant Stacey in saying he j (witness) glorified in having been guilty \ cf the accusation. Was written to ; and told that he would not bs j made an officer unless he could clear himself : of the imputation contained in the lUinyi,-. \ Would swear he waa not on the roof as was ' described. Was never nearer McDonald's j fiablcs than tbc stage door. Had been near ; the stable?. Did not remember any one | named Elliot. Never told any one he had i hem on the roof. Had told brother tfncers be had known 'the six officers' in the ** Tambour Major.' Never boasted that i he had been improperly intimate with them, j Knew oec of the girls, named Lena Carey, but would not say that he had not boasted of havkig had an improper intimacy with her. Mr. Tilann thought this sort of cross examination should be stopped. It had nothing to do with the issue, and for all reasons it should be excluded. His Honor did not see what it had to do with the issue. Witncts continued— Had been called the ' B Battery Bam,' but was only called that by one person. Never boasted of having had improper intimacy with any of the ' Tamboor Major' girls. The joking about the roof busi ness bad gone on for tbe list two years. Had never glorified in it. Mrs. Ford wrote a letter to him at his request. She was one of tlir; six officers, and was then known as M i* s Harris — Did not know whether he did so before or after the article appeared in the Jli'.ns/ip. Said in the Police Court that from the description given to him of the person on the roof he thought it was a man nam?a Isaacs. Suggested bis name to Mrs. Ford. tViun^ujat iney- were^boiri' out or tue colony. Bv the judge — Was nevnr on the roof, and would swear the article, if refering to him, was false. Wore slight side wbiskers when the Tambour troupe was in Adelaide Major Francis Downci, colonel Zf the Royal Artillery and commandant of the LxX^ip-ttsvtreir^af-a&'-proB&saeot.; Cross examined— Had not beard about the roof business as applying to Sergeant Solomon until be saw the article, George Cabill, stage - carpenter at tbe Theatre Koyal, said he had been employed at the Theatre Boyal for two years. Remem bered the ' Tambour Major ' company^ visit to Adelaide. 'Beard about a man getting on the roof. Knew the prosecutor wclL The man who got on the roof was given into witness's charge by McDonald'^ ostler. Took him into the theatre 'and handed him over to Air. Wallace. Did not believe the prosecutor was the man. The man on the roof had wfaukers, and was a young man, and was of fresh dark complexion. By the judge —Did not think the prosecutor was identical with the man on the roof. Sophia Ford, wife of William Ford, ward robe manager of tbe Theatre Boyal, said she was engaged with the 'Tambour Major' troupe. Remembered the circumstance of a man getting on the stalls roof at the theatre one night. He was brought into the ladies' dressing-room and whitewashed. The man -was not the prose cutor. Cross-esnimned— Was standing at the door while the man was being white washed. The gentlemen of the company whitewashed the nan on (be roof, and the ladies looked on. Witness was in the dressing room when the mas was brought in. It was quite light, and the man was not two yards off her. Thought tbe man on the roof was a man named Isaacs. Remembered Mr. Solomon asking her to write a letter. She only saw him onee about the letter. Did not know whether the man she saw whitewashed bad been on tbe root Did not remember what day of the week it was. The man who was whitewashed was slightly lame. Henry B. Beachey, stage waiter at the Theatre Boyiil, said he remembered a man getting on tbe roof and being afterwards whitewashed. Mr. Solomon waa not the man. Cross-examined — The whitewashing took place in a passage. Witness assisted in the operation, wad a great many others also assisted. Kecollcpt the six ladies who were called 'officera' in the 'Tambour Major.1' Mrs. Ford was one of them, and she dressed downstairs in a room off the passage, where the white-washing took place. T. H. C. D. Stockley, ex-manager of the n supers' at the Theatre Boyal, gaveevidenoe as to the whitewashing, at which he was present. The prosecutor was certainly not the man. About sixty persons were engaged in the powdering operation. Jane Shockley, wife of the but witness, said she waa engaged at tbe theatre when a man wae powdered by tbe *' Tambour Major' company, of which she was a member. Me Solomon was not the man in question, whom she looked at for several minutes. Did not see any powder on the man. She saw him about five minutes after he was brought in. Thp man was short, with flat features, and bow- legged. He had a alight, and rather ned moustache. Keversaw Mr. Solomon before ehe came to the court. Did not notice liow the man at the theatre was dressed. Annie Smith said she waa engaged at the theatre when a man was brought in and powdered. The room in which he was powdered was full at tbe time of the opera tion. The man who was powdered was like a Jew, and had dark hair. He bad side whiskers, which she thought were dark like hilt Imir. This was the case for the Crown. Me. W.Tillenenve Smith, addressrngthe jary for the defence, said he had not one word to say against the principles laid down by his learned friend the Crown Solictor with re gard to the law of libeL Mr. Mann was quite correct in saying that the jury must find that ffcf writing had been maficious and untrue, and written on an occasion which made it un justifiable. He thought he wonld convince them by evidence which lie would produce that the writing was truth. It was selfevi dent that it was a justifiable writing on the assumption that it was true, because as it was for the welfare of all that the censors of morals should hold np to scorn any one who inflicted so grievous an outrage on public de cency by being guilty of conduct such as that jocular paragraph suggested. And it did not make it tbe less a moral duty that the writer ?l»m'M use the weapon of ridicule. A very, learned judge (Chief Justice BovOl) had said in connection with libel:— 'As to the ridicule complained of that is often the strongest weapon in the bands of a public writer if it be used fairly.' He (flic learned counsel) wouldshow that beyond all possible doubt that in regard to the present case the weapon of ridicule had been used fairly ; and with regard to the question as to whether Mr. Solomon was the man cr not he should show that be had committed a higblyimproper act, an act of which a schoolboy wonld be ashamed. Of course the case rested a good deal upon credibility. He did not regard the witnesses called by the Crown as being posEeesed of any desire to be untruthful, for they bad cot no earthly reason to be un truthful. But it should be remembered that ' acts witnessed two years ago by persons who ! bad no personal interest in them were likely I to be but improperly remembered. He did not attack the truthfulness of the witnesses, but their accuracy. He believed that after he bad called his witnesses the jury would have no doubt that their recollections were inaccurate. And he would put it to tbe jury that asBuming that Mr. Solomon had had so prurient a fancy as to be desirous of showing off before bis brother officers by allowing the belief that be was the man referred to in a certain article of a character precisely similar to the one com plained of, he submitted that even supposing Mr. Solomon bad changed his ideas or for- j gotten the circumstances, the jury were not j bound to find a special verdict. They were not bound to find that Mr. Solomon had gone j into the witness-box and told the truth. They ! were not bound to find that he was the man. I They were bound to find a general verdict of not guilty in regard to the gentleman wbo as a correspondent of a newspaper had done what everyone had a right to do. If Mr. Solomon were the man referred to the alleged libel was fair ; if be was not that man, he had made bis brother officers believe be was. And what was more, Col. Downs -beard of tbc matter before itwasprinted. If a public writer in bis public capacity wrote a fair criticism on the doings of anybody he was f uUy justified, and ought to be protected, and, subject to His Honors ruling, he should ask fiipm to say that^ the law being so, the de fendant had not exceeded bis duty. Either ttie prosecutor was the man on the roof or he falsely represented Mm«if to be the man on tbe roof, and in either case the defendant was justified. He admitted having been tewed and chaffed some fifty times about being tbe man, and right np to tbe time of tbe publication of the article complained of tbe prosecutor had made a public boast at tbe Military Club and elsewhere that be was tbe hero of the eseapede narrated by the defendant, «md if the jury was satisfied of that then he should tell them, sub ject to His Honor's ruling, that Mr. Liinklatcr was justified in holding him up to contempt and ridicule. For two years the prosecutor had accepted the position ascribed to him in the article, and he could not now, when, about to be promoted to a lieutenancy, turn round and complain. The learned counEcl having at some length called attention to the principal points he should bring before them, the following evidence was taken for the defence :— Frederick Harvie Linklater, the defen dant, examined by Mr. Smith, stated that he used to be proprietor and editor of the Adelaide Bulletin. On the night in question was by the stage door of the Theatre Boyal, and heard a noise. He went to the door at the corner of the yard, and saw the prosecu tor brought through acd past him into the theatre by tbc stsgc door. Followed them in and ttcod at tbe foot of the stage steps. Shortly after he passed him covered with white stuff. He passed through into the passage. Witness could not mistake him. The man be saw dragged in was powdered. He would swear he was the prosecutor. He bad so ill-feeling against the prosecutor when he wrote the article. Cross-examined by Mr. Mann— The prosecutor was a stranger to witness before that night, and he never raw him until about a month afterwards. Saw him frequently after that in the street, home time afterwards made the personal acquaintance of the prosecutor, and had basi nets relation with him. Never saw him at bis own bouse. Believed that Solomon was in charge of his (witness's) furniture once when it was seized. It was light enough for him to see the prosecutor plainly on the night in question. He was dressed in dark clothes. Made enquiries to find out for certain that the prosecutor was the man before writing the article complained of. The BuUetin was in extremis when be left it. It was a society paper, and any scraps of scandal that could be got hold of were put in. On the night in question witness was waiting in the yard of the theatre for Mr. Roach, a friend of his, who was behind the scenes. There was a light in the yard. Had been waiting about half an hour in the yard. His acquaintance with theatrical people was ex tensive. He was correspondent for the £ Mrkayfiaiig Sbrfm. a. -'£ e ver'a9Ked' the pro secutor if he was the man. Re-examined by Mr. Smith— Sever wrote libellous ** Tit Bits' in the Bulletin. George William Stacey, ex- sergeant in tbe volnntecrs, said he bad often been at the Military Club when the prosecutor was being cuaJT™? about _ getting on the roof at One of them, Minhaoi, was sot in the colony at the date the man was on tile roof. The other was a bid of 15. The prosecutor walked with a limp abont two years ago. Cross examined by Mr. Mann— Did not know whether he bad a limp at the present tune. Kept his shop open just to suit his own con- . venience. His son was always in the shop on Saturdays until past 11 o'clock. On other nights he always had to be in by 10. The defendant, recalled, said the date of the occurrence was May 14, 18SL. Cross examined by Mr. Mann — Was quite sure of that. Did not fear the result of the trial, but Mr. Barnett did. Wrote to Mr. Barrett on March SO, as follows :— ' DearB., could'nt catch post, but copy was alQright, or should have wired you! Don't funk on the matter ! I have played a trump card and retained CoL Mathews !— Yours, Fred. H. L. P.S.— Come down if possible. Don't think they mean fighting. (Laughter.) George Alfred Isaacs, son of the witness Samuel Isaacs, said be was never on tie roof of a stable two years ago, and did not gaze upon females dressing. Cross-examined by Mr. Mann— Hardly ever got out of a window —(laughter)— and was always home at 10. (Laughter.) His brother used to go out sometimes. When his father was out his brother used to go out. Did not remember his brother bavmg bis face scratched and saying he bad cut it while shaving. Mr. Smith formally tendered fire officers, whose evidence would have been similar to that of Mr. Stacey, as to »^«''«»»'^'» made by the prosecutor at the club as to bis having been on the roof, bat the Crown Solicitor objected to the testimony, and His Honor upheld the objection. The learned counsel then summed up the evidence to the jury, recapitulating the principal points raised by him in his opening address, and concluded by confidently asking them to find a verdict of not guilty. The Crown Solicitor briefly replied. He pointed out again what the tew of libel was mb to malice, &c;, and said he thought the evidence was all one way. He asked them to protect the prosecutor by 'their verdict. His Honor, in Bumming np, aaid that trial was a prosecution for tabeL His task in the present instance was an easier one than it had often been in »imi1«.i- cases because the counsel were agreed as to what the law of libel waa, label was anything written with an intention of injury, ridiculing, or hni^ing a person up to contempt. That the writing of the case before them was injurious to the prosecutor there could be no doubt, because it bad stopped his advancement in *1'a rtw^faa. eion as an f officer ; and again, it had un doubtedly held him up to contempt, because he had been chaffed and ridiculed about it. Therefore, so far as that was concerned, the article complained of was a libel, More than that, it was a very gross and shameful libel, and nothing could justify such language except one thing, and that waa its truth, . Even, however, if they believed the libel was false they could if they pleased find the defendant not guilty, provided they took the view of the case suggested to them by Mr. Smith. No arguments bad been addressed to him on tbe subject of privilege, and the case was therefore entirely aquegtion of truth or falsehood. The case bad so re sulted that either young Solomon, the prose cutor, would nave to leave the court dis graced and an object of ridicule or tfee defendant must be convicted. Bat the question they bad to try was not whether Mr. Solomon or whether Mr. liinklater was to be disgraced— the real question for their consideration was whether the prosecutor was identical with the young maa who was on the roof at the back of the 'theatre on ibs night in question. If the jury thought he was, then Solomon, bad committed wilful and corrupt perjury. There would be no other term for bis evidence, and the jury would doubtless weigh that when considering iiheir verdict. Holt onb? would he go I ortb from that court disgraced, but he would go forth a perjurer, and the Crown would hare a right, if they would not be really bound, to have him brought before Mr. Beddome the next morning tend charged with that offence. His Honor next referred to the defence set np, vie., justification, and asked the jury whether they could find from the evidence that the ^af-»n-l«if. bad made out his claim. Hey had heard the evidence of the theatrical people who saw the 'white- washing' or *' powdering,' and they an said the prosecutor was not tine man. Mr. Smith bad informed them that those witnesses might have been mistaken. They most weigh the probabilities, and if they were satisfied that Mr. TiinHator was correct and the witnesses on the otter side were all mistaken they would give the defendant their verdict. The Crown Solicitor very rightly had arjjned that supposing it were possible that bis wttneeaes were all wrong, might it not be possible too tbat Mr. Lonklater was wrong? _ He (His Honor) asked the jury whether in their opinion the prosecutor was a perjurer, and tbe six theatrical witnesses were all mistakes; A public writer was en titled to criticise the public doingsof a public map, but he might not write untruths of anybody. The Register and Advertiser. which were business papers, were not entitled to do it, and why should any 'society' or other paper be permitted to do 80? If a writer went beyond bts bounds he had to come to that court and satisfy a jury that his statements were true. If things were other wise life would be unendurable. Mr. Smith himself said that neither the Register nor the Advertiser would do that sort of thing, and if they would not a fociety paper might, but he (His Honor) directed them that a society paper was entitled to say no more than either the Be-ji*ter or the Advertiser. Mr. Smith had re ferred to the Iiondon Punch, but he was pleased to say that during all Hie yeara Punth had existed it bad never written any thing that had left a scar, its comments being witty bnt not unjust or scathing. The BO- called ' society ' papers were a pest to society, and he was glad to hear Air. Smith say be did not support them or approve of them. His Honor then directed tbe jury as to what constituted malice. If a man wrote some thing about another without m«.lring full and fair enquiry, [and then pleaded justification, also without making proper enquiry, malice was implied. In tbe present case there was no apology, and there was a plea of justification. Therefore, if the facts set out in tie alleged libd were un true malice might be inferred. In order to find that the defendant bad sustained bis plea they must be satisfied that the prose cutor was 'the man on the roof,' and also that the article was written for tbe public benefit, and not through personal spite. It was entirely for them. It was their privilege to say, as men of tbe world and men of common sense, what they thought of the case. He was bound to point out to them that tfae event, the subject of tbe article, bap pebed tw«yea4*agcv«iidtfaey wouM probably ask themselves why it was not printed earlier if it was for -the public benefit. Mr. Smith interposed, and said be would remind His Honor that the prosecutor bad allowed himself to be joked about the affair right up to the time the article appeared. Ilia Honor said Mr. Solomon denied that he ever boasted of having acted with im propriety towards any of tbe young ladies in the theatre, and he might state that he thought at the time it was injudicious of Mr. Smith to bring out anything about any of those ladier. He must direct them that there was no proof that the prosecutor ever held himself out as the man who was on the roof: on the contrary, he denied it. The jury would have to say— firstly, wai- the article a libel ; Eccondly, was it true, and if true, was it writ ten for the public benefit. If they were not satisfied on the latter points they would have to convict. The jury retired at 4.17 o'clock, andat 4.45 returned into court with a verdict of guilty. 1 be Crown Solicitor, after the defendant had been challenged, said he bad been re quested by the prosecutor to say that if the defendant would apologise he wished that His Honor would pass as light a sentence as he could. His Honor asked the defendant if he still persisted in his plea of justification. The defendant said that after the jury's finding be thought he must have made a mis take. He was deeply sorry for it. His Honcr eaid he was glad to hear him say that. He did not know whether he ought to make a bargain with the defendant then, bat as Mr. Mann, tfae public prosecutor, bad on behalf of Mr. Solomon applied to him to pass a light sentence he would strain a point and endeavor to do jnstice agreeably to that ap plication. Had it not been for that he must nave inflicted a heavy sentence. The defen dant had been guilty of writing a cruel and wicked libel which might have ruined the prospects of a young man for his life. He did not know that the defendant deserved any thing but a heavy punishment; he certainly deserved very little pity. Kodoubt the accu sation made by him in thearticle was untrue, and he bad without ascertaining full par ticulars published a false libel, and he bad done so recklessly. He did not think the de fendant had knowingly done so ; he believed irom tne' 'indignity ot imprisonment. He should have Iwpti sorry to send a fyT* tlor^nw who bad pleaded in that court, and who be longedjto anhonorable profession, to gaol, and be was glad the Crown Prosecutor bad made the application he did. The defendant would have to publish an apology, and would have to pay a fine of £100. um De^Yi-i#-rTnSnaiS-jir gaoi^ wasTnat ox the man Cousins, an ex-convict and a man of bad character, who bad evidently bolted from the colony. Without his statement there was no evidence whatever against his client, and the Crown did not suggest that they were likely to find him. He asked that he should be discharged from custody. Mr. Mann said that Faulds bad given Cousins a description of the whole affair, and had described how the burglary had been carried out. His Honor said that if Mr. Mann as public prosecutor told him the ends cf justice re quired that the cause should be made a remanet he bad no alternative, and would sa order. Otherwise he suggested that a nolle protequi should be entered. Mr. Mann said that after His Honors in timation he fihould enter a nolle jtroscqui. The prisoner was then discharged. The court at 5 p.m. adjourned, and His Honor thanked the jurymen for their at tendance, and discharged them. 