Mr. J. T. Embley on Surveyors and Surveying in Queensland. TO THE EDITOR OF THE QUEENSLANDER. A SURVEYOR. SIR,— In lost week's Queenslander I read an article headed "Astronomical Check on Bearings in Surveying," by J. T. Embley. I have not a ghost of an idea who the gentleman is, but I don't like, as a professional man, to let his statements go unchallenged. Mr. Embley is evidently a stranger in a strange land, and imbued with strange ideas of surveyors and surveying in this colony; and I hope that I shall not be considered a captious critic, but rather as one anxious to spread correct information. " Good wine needs no bush," and a good surveyor needs no " blowing" to procure employment in this colony. The methods spoken of by Mr. Embley for ascertaining the latitude and true meridian can be found in most scientific works upon astronomy and surveying— notably General Frome, Chambers's Mathematics, Pro fessor Bankine, and a host of others. I would strongly recommend Mr. Embley to procure the rules and regulations framed for the guidance of surveyors in this colony. He will find a clause to the effect that all surveys are not to be referred to the magnetic meridian, but that the true position of new surveys shall be ascertained by observation. Every surveyor knows that taking observations to the sun for determining the meridian line is far more liable to error than if taken to a star. Mr. Embley tells you that surveyors are not inclined to in- commode themselves at night to make star ob servations. Is this Mr. Embley's experience in the neighbouring colonies ? I can hardly bring myself to think that. Mr. Embley tells you that an observation to the sun should be observed at least three hours before noon, implying that one taken at that time is sufficient. I have no hesitation in stating that no reliance could be placed upon such an observation. To ascertain the true meridian by the sun, a series of observations should be observed between tho hours of 6 a.m. and 9 a.m., and corresponding altitudes in the afternoon. To avoid a chance of error in the observations the sun's semi-diameter should be observed. Observations to stars occupy less time, and the calculations are not nearly so voluminous as in the first case, but to ensure accu racy both the sun and stars should be observed, the one series of observations checking the others. Besides the rules and regulations issued by the authority of the Surveyor-General of this colony to surveyors, I recommend Mr. Embley to procure two pamphlets published by A. C. Gregory, Esq., C.M.G., late Surveyor-General, relating to latitude and meridian lines. If Mr. Embley is ever employed here upon work for the Government he will find out that the regulations are quite as strict in reference to correct work as in the other colonies, and I may add that I know that just as much care is be stowed in guarding against unscrupulous men being employed here as in the older colonies. It is true there are good and bad men to be found in every institution in the world; but Mr. Embley ought to consider well before he makes such a broadcast assertion about in- 