MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. In Temesvar, Austria, the discovery has been made of two conductors connected with some dynamite placed under that part of the post office where packets and letters of value are kept. According to intelligence received at Buenos Ayres, the Peruvian bands which have for some time kept up a guerilla warfare with the Chilian troops are short of provisions, and are retreating in haste. In the pile-dwellings near Bobenhausen, Zurich, a hatchet made of pure copper has been discovered. Special importance is at tached to this discoverey by students of pre historic archaeology. Preparations have already commenced for a Continental tour of the Emperor and Empress of Russia early in the spring. They will first visit Copenhagen, then London, and possibly Paris and other capitals. A telegram from Naples, dated 21st Decem ber, states that a passenger train from Rome has been stopped and robbed by a band of armed men. The Government has offered a reward of 2000 francs for their apprehension. From Lagos the death is announced of Adaja, chief of the Ode Ouda tribe, and bis funeral obsequies, it is stated, were attended with a barbarous massacre, six men and four women being slaughtered, and another woman and her child being buried alive. The Daily Neves Vienna correspondent states that the independent Austrian Press and all the Hungarian papers warn Austria that the alliance with Germany is in danger, and that friendship with Russia would be most hazard ous. The only guarantee of peace, it is urged, is an alliance with Germany. Advices received at New York, 21st De cember, confirm the extent of the fire at Kingston, Jamaica. The estimates of the loss vary widely. The conflagration extended over fifty-four blocks of houses. The police are searching for a man who threatened the person on whose premises the fire broke out. The determination of the German Govern ment to maintain the alliance with Austria receives unmixed approval from the entire German Press. The Catholic organ Qermania says on the subject that the prolongation of the treauty will act as an effectual bar to Pan slavist intrigues, to Russia's expansion aspira tions, and to French plans of revenge. In St. Petersburg, according to the corre spondent of the Daily News, the feeling respec ting the Austro-German alliance is fairly expressed by an article in the Oolog, which says that Russian society does not desire to be on unfriendly terms with Germany, but can not allow the feeling it entertains to bo grossly misinterpreted by semi-official papers. The economic and other interests of both countries should serve as a guarantee of mutual friend ship. The Cairo correspondent of the Standard asserts that the sentries placed at the houses of the exiled prisoners are behaving shamefully to the ladies and guests. Contrary to the promises made to Mr. Broadley ; the guards enter the house by day and sleep in the lower rooms at night. They also search persons entering and leaving. The correspondent adds that English moral influence, which has never been great in Egypt, is declining daily, and that it would cease entirely on the withdrawal of the British force. In the provinces the cry is that the days of Ismail are returning. The prisons are crowded with untried cases, and the irrigation abuses are not less flagrant. In fluential and rich men drain the canals, to the ruin of the small proprietors. The alarm about the threatening aspect of the relations between Russia and the German Powers appears to be subsiding. The Berlin correspondent of the Times thinks that the controversy ought not to survive the publication of a communique in the Government North German Gazette, which says that " every Government has undoubtedly the right to take such measures of defence as it thinks fit," and that the strengthening of frdntier fortifications, which, being mostly available for attack, are to some extent analo gouß to the plating of ships of war, is "no more a sign of the insecurity of peace than is the fact that France and England arc strengthening the armour-plating of their re spective battle-ships." The St. Petersburg cor respondent of the Times states that the Russian strategical lines of railway referred to by the Cologne Gazette were projected and mapped out more than six years ago, and another sign of Russia's preparations for war —the transfor mation and increase of the Czar's cavalry—was reported some time ago at the end of the Rus sian autumn manoeuvres. Moreover, the trans formation is to be spread gradually over throo years. The fortifications of Paris are threatened, not by an enemy this time but by the Parisians them selves. The city is outgrowing its old zone, and the fortifications are in the way. The room they occupy is required for building purposes. According to M. Cachcux, the architect —an authority on these quostions—Paris requires 100,000 additional rooms to lodge the 70,000 families of working men who cannot at present find suitable accommodation ; and he has had a conversation with one of the Ministers, who informed him that the Government was dis posed to tako up the question of the demolition of the fortifications as soon as certain pressing matters were settled. It would be a popular move, if only for the large amount of employ ment it would provide. The Berlin correspondent of the Daily Tele graph writes:—" A charming trait is related of the German Crown Prince. He and the Crown Princess often visit the village schools of Bornstedt and Eiche, near Potsaam. On Wednesday last he unexpectedly made his ap pearance at the Bornstedt school, and entered the room occupied by the third class, for the purpose of seeing a newly-appointed master, of whose method of teaching his Imperial High ness wished to judge in person. He then proceeded into the next room for the purpose of inspecting the first class, and had hardly entered it when a messenger arrived with, a telegram summoning the master (Mr. Mathias) to come to his mother, then dying in a village near Spandau. The Crown Prince insisted that the master should instantly depart, in obedience to the last reqnest of his mother. 'But how can I leave the children ?' objected the master. •Never mind,' answered the Prince, 'I will take class till 11 o'clock, when the vicar comes to prepare candidates for oornfirmation. Run away, and may you find your mother still alive!' Thus were the Bornstedt children examined for a whole hour in history by tho heir to the throne, who possesses an intimate knowledge of the great Reformation period, and gave his pupils the benefit of it. When the clock struck 11 he drove up to the vicarage, intimated the departure of Mr. Mathias to tho vicar, and announced his intention of being present during the religious instruction. He stayed until the end, listening attentively and freely distributing praise where it was merited. Before leaving he promised the school a new set of Bibles, instead of the superannuated copies at present in its possession." All the Carpathian passes and roads along the north- eastern frontier of Hungary are being speedily repaired, and all wooden bridges replaced by others capable of bearing heavy transport carriages and siege guns. Some reports represent that along the Galician fron tier Austria is constantly but without show gathering large cavalry forces, and her best officers have been sent to the frontier—all indi cating preparations for war. Air extraordinary fatality is reported from British Guiana, where an inexperienced travellor having, as is the custom in tropical countries, taken a refreshing draught from tho stem of one of the many water-holding plants which thrive in the forests, qualified nis cold refreshment by a "nip" of rum. Shortly afterwards he died in excruciating agony, and a post-mortem examination showed that his internal organs were literally sealed up with indiarubber. He had imbibed the sap of the Mimuaopt batata, the juice of which coagulates and hardens in alcohol, and the rum had its usual effect in the poor man's stomach, with necessarily fatal results. The Alexandria correspondent of the Daily Telegraph says:—" Great distress prevails among the working classes here owing to the destruction of property, dislocation of many trades, and delay in tho payment of indemni ties. A local committee has collected subscrip tions for the purpose of opening soup kitchens and workrooms; it is feared, however, that without aid from abroad the exertions of the committee in question may prove unsuccessful in carrying the deserving indigent of this place through the winter months." A number of military arrests have recently been made in Russia in connection with the Government powder mills at Tchernigoff, the principal in the Empire, where systematic cor ruption has been found to have been in opera tion for the last ten years. According to a rough estimate, sayß a contemporary, the Government has been cheated almost to the extent of a million sterling during that period. In one item alone the officials have netted nearly £100,000 a year for several years past. This was effected in the supply of bricks for imaginary buildings, which several of the offi cials manufactured under an assumed name for 9 roubles a thousand (and received on behalf of the Crown for 18 roubles). Another large amount was secured by charging large sums for fuel which the officials cut down for nothing in neighbouring Crown domains, and carted to the powder-mills in Government waggons. In a third instance, some thousands of pounds had been charged for years for making macadamised roads, which, on examination, were found to have no existence whatever. The higher authorities are very angry at tho disclosures, and have determined to prosecute the offenders with the utmost rigour of the law. But corruption seems to be so innate in the Russian official that no punishment will drive the evil out of him. Not a week has passed for some months back without some officer or other being sent to Siberia for corruption, and yet the severity of the Government appears to produce no effect. The fact of the matter is that, under the late Emperor's regime, the entire adminis tration grew corrupt, and when men become addicted to evil courses, it is difficult to force them back into the right path again. A confidential return, prepared by order of the Admiralty, and revised up to 31st October, shows that at the homo ports there are 56 vessels in commission armed with 348 guns, and manned by 4209 officers and men, 88 boys, and 1312 marines; at the home stations, 119 ships, armed with 749 guns, and manned by 9583 officers and men, 638 boys, and 2792 marines ; on foreign stations, inclusive of the Mediterranean, where there are 30 ships, armed with 164 guns, and manned with 5025 officers and men, 360 boys, and 924 marines; North America and West Indies, south-cast coast of America, Pacific, Cape of Good Hope, and west coast of Africa, East Indies, China, and Australia, there are 101 ships, armed with 622 guns, and manned by 13,733 officers and men, 1363 boys, and 2672 marines ; and on particular surveying and trooping service, or ordered home, 38 vessels, aimed with 137 guns, and manned by 4616 officers and men, 250 boys, and 576 marines. It is difficult to gauge the real feelings of the populace (says Truth), but certainly in Waterloo-place and Pall Mall the review of Saturday seemed to excite singularly little en* thusiasm. A subaltern on tho staff, who was mistaken for Sir Garnet Wolseley, recoived a certain number of cheers, the Duke of Con naught more, and the Indian Contingent most, but that was not very much. To talk of the reception of the troops as an ovation, as some of the newspaper correspondents do, shows either that they were not very quick of observa tion, or not very well skilled in the meaning of words. The warmest encomium that reached my cars was the exclamation of a gentleman, who shouted to his companion, " I say, Bill, this 'ere turn-out's a sight better than the Lord Mayor's Show!" What was surprising was that the comments of the crowd showed an in timate acquaintance with the details of the campaign, the names of the prominent officers, and the service of the different regiments. But real onthusiasm was conspicuously absent. We should indeed be fallen to a very low level were we to blaze forth into wild transports because an English army has vanquished a herd of timid Egyptian fellahs. There was a scene of wild tumult and violenco at Honiton, originating ill an attack on the Salvation Array by the Skeleton Army. The magistrates had refused an application to swear in special constables, and, thus encouraged, the mob charged the army with stones and bludgeons, firing pistols and smothering the people with coloured powders. The police were powerless to check this conduct either within or outside the hall, and were them selves severely assailed. No arrests were mad* tho mob having unrestrained possession of the town. The Salvation Array held a special service in Bxeter Hall to commemorate the "dedica tion of 101 officers about to be sent to India, Africa. America, Sweden, and all parts of the United Kingdom." The service was conducted by " General " Booth and his family and other prominent members of the array. Special *' war Bongs" were rendered as solos with choruses, accompanied by cornets, accordions, tambourines, and violins; and Miss Jennie Swanson (of Gothenburg), who is about to go to Sweden), sang a song in the Swedish lan- Siage. This lady joined the Army and learned aglish in this country. General Booth, in explaining the object of the asssembly, referred to those members who have already been sent to India, and said that the greatest interest and sym pathy were shown by the natives in the move* ment, which had exceeded his most sanguine expectations. Hundreds and thousands of per sons in India were brought to the penitent form and testified to being saved in the way the Salvationists did all over the world. He had been asked why he did not publish the defeats and difficulties of the army which he ad mitted existed, and his reply was that it was unnecessary, because the war correspondents of the enemy who came into their camp did it But they could not lay their finger upon any episode in the history of the army movement which indicated that they had made any serious mistake. He did not deny that there had been a financial strait arising out*x>f the purchase of the "Eagle" Tavern. And it might then be asked how would they be able to send out 101 officers, which wonld cost about £650. To that his answer was that the Lord would find the money. Mrs. Booth then delivered an address on " The Responsibility of the Salvation Army for the Evangelisation of the World," and re marked that if the Church of England would only look at the present position of the army it would be admitted that it was one of the most wonderful evidences of supernatural power, of divine agency, of the living personal Holy Ghost still at work among men, that God had ever raised up since the apostolic days. The programme of the service gave some particulars of the " field-state of the array," showing that there were 440 corps and 1019 officers, and that in the year ended the 3rd of July the increase of the corps was at the rate of over one-half, or 57 per cent per year, whereas since then the increase had been at the rate of 75 per cent per year. Dedication services were also held in the evening. The Russians have recently exhibited an unusual amount of anxiety to maintain a commercial competition with Great Britain. The lull in the political rivalry of the two Empires has given place to a fever of opposition to English com mercial enterprise, which is encroaching, it is said, on the legitimate domain of the Russian merchant. Stringent duties and regulations have been imposed on Indian teas and English merchandise entering Central Asia; the mer chants in all the great centres are crying out against the free transit of foreign goods through the Trans-Caucasus to Persia—where English traders are again the chief offenders—and generally, in various ways, tho conviction has been gaining ground that English manufac tures monopolise the Eastern markets, where those of Russia, assisted in their production by Brotcctivo duties at home, should be first in le field. The most vigorous efforts have been made against our merchant marine by the Volunteer fleet by converting vessels into a commercial navy, plying between the Black Sea and Eastern ports. It would seem that having now lost, as the OcHos maintains, a certain amount of political prestige in the East, a large class of Russians have determined to organise a sort of commercial revenge, directed against England and Germany. In any case, the vanity, for the present at least, of attempting to com pete with the commerce of Great Britain on the seas has at last made itself apparent. At a reoent meeting of the society for developing the Russian merchant marine, the Official Gazette reports that the following resolution was arrived at:—" That, seeing the complete impossibility of competing with the English merchant fleet, which is gradually obstructing every other commercial fleet on the ocean, the society is resolved in future to devote its chief attention to the improvement of the Russian coasting trade, as an indispensable foundation for creating, at some remote period, a strong trading fleet on the high seas." The death is announced of Admiral John Wnt. Montague, the senior Admiral on the re tired list, at the advanced ago of 92 years. He was tho second son of Admiral Sir Geo. Mon tnjrue, G.C.8., and was born 18th January, 171*0; entered the Royal Naval Academy in 1803, and about 1806 was midshipman on board the Captain, 74, Captain Geo. Cockburn, in which ship, in September that year, he wit nessed the capture in tho Bay of Biscay of the French frigate Lo President. Till- immense amount of mischief that may be effected by a very juvenile offender is strik ingly illustrated by tho case of William Hor cap, aged 8 years, who was charged re cently, at the Longton police court, in North Staffordshire, with setting fire to tho Duke of Sutherland's model farm at Trenthara. This precocious child set fire to the wheat stacks with matches, and thus destroyed the whole grain crop of the season, doing damage to the extent of raoro than £1000. What would have been William Horcap's fate in former days, notwithstanding his tC tender years," is terrible to imagiue ; in this case the youthful prisoner was ordered to be whipped with a birch rod and then set at liberty. The sentence was, under the circumstances, perhaps the best that could be passed upon him ; but he is evidently a dangerous and mischievous child, whose pro ceedings should be carefully watched by those whose misfortune it is to have charge of him. The letter from Lord Wolseley, addressed to the children of Woodville National School, and which formed the subject of a pungent article in Vanity fair, is as follows :—" 13th Do cember, 1882. Dear Sir.—l hope your chil dren's entertainment will be a complete suc cess. Please tell them from me that I believe success in life is within the reach of all who set before them an aim and an ambition that iB not beyond the talents and ability which God has bestowed upon them. We should all begin life with a determination to do well whatever we take in hand, and if that determination be adhered to with the pluck for which English men are renowned, success according to the nature and quality of our brain power is, I think, a certainty. Had I begun life as a tinker, my earnest endeavour would have been to have made better pots and pans than my neighbours, and I think I may venture to say without any vanity that with God's blessing I should have been fairly successful. The first step on the ladder that leads to success is the firm determination to succeed; the next is the possession of that moral and physical courage which will enable one to mount up, rung after rung, until the top is reached. The best men make a false step now and then, and some even have very bad falls. The weak and puling cry over their misfortunes and seek for the sym pathy of others, and do nothing further after their first or second failure; but the plucky and the courageous pick themselves up without a groan over their broken bones or their first failures, and set to work to mount the ladder again, full of confidence in themselves and with faith in the results that always attend upon cheerful perseverance. Please wish the chil dren ' A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.'—Prom yours faithfully, Wolseley." The Royal Commission on Penal Establish ments some years ago recommended (says the Melbourne ArgutJ that trades and mechanical work should be centralised within the walls of the Pentridge Stockade. Since that time, by steadily utilising convict labour in the con struction of accommodation, new buildings have been erected in the large yard, used at one time as an area for the stone-dressing work by long- sentence prisoners. These have now been completed, and hut week the plant was removed from the old shops to the new buildings. The woollen factory, which was originally situated in the old prisons, was first completed, and has been in use some time. The new additions comprise separate accom modations for blacksmiths, mechanics, foun ders, joiners, and cabinet makers, tin workers, painters, and basket-makers, and turners; bark-mill and drying-rooms, dye- house, &c.; together with ample storage and offices. All operations are carried on under the eye of the warder, who occupies a covered gallery above, and commands a full view of the place. The motive power for the machinery is supplied by two engines, and the most modern im provements have been introduced into all parts of the buildings, which are of the most sub stantial character. The facade is of brick," and is tastefully picked out with ornamental facings. News has been received at Bonny of the bombardment by her Majesty's ship Pioneer of a native village up the Niger, the inhabi tants of which recently attacked a British factory and killed the agent and several work men. The Pioneer being of shallow draught of water was able to get within half-a-mile of the village, and she bombarded it for some time. The village was set on fire, and several natives were killed. Subsequently a boat's crew, under the command of the senior lieu tenant of the Pioneer, landed and completed the destruction of the place. On their return to the beach they were fired at by a number of natives in ambush, who then ran away. Two men were hit—the lieutenant, who was struck in the jaw and had several of his teeth knocked out, and a seaman, who was slightly injured. The Belt libel action was brought to a close on 28th December, after having occupied the time of the court forty-two days. Baron Huddleston, before whom the case was tried, in his summing up, closed his remarks by stating that he had come across a passage in one of the works of the greatest literary man of the present day, Mr. Froudc, in which he said: —"Aristotle says, and it is a very true observa tion, that the public are better judges of works of art and literature than artists and men of letters themselves, as men of letters and artists are sometimes jealous and narrow-minded. The public are impartial, and come to a better conclusion. The rule, however, is not univer sal. Physicians can tell best the merits of other physicians, and scientific men can best judge of scientific matters; but the public, if fairly educated, are seldom wrong in their verdicts." If the idea expressed in those words met with the approval of the jury they had a right to adopt them as their own. The jury, after a short deliberation, returned a verdict for the plaintiff. Mr. Belt, awarding him £5000 damages. The judge refused to stay execution. The Allan royal mail steamer Sardinian landed at Liverpool on Christmas Day twenty two men formerly belonging to the English steamer Liddesdale, which was wrecked on the Canadian coast. The Liddcsdale was going from New Orleans to Revel with cotton, and on the 30th November was in collision with the St. John's schooner Paroli, off Causo. The Paroli had on board a boat's crew from the steamer Cedar Grove, which was wrecked off Cape Causo, when tho captain, a lady passen ger, and three of the crew lost their lives. After the collision with the Liddesdale, the Paroli was so badly damaged that she soon sank. All the crew, together with the boat's crew of the Cedar Grove, were saved by the Liddcsdale, whicli landed them at North Sydney. Thus the men from the Cedar Grove were twice shipwrecked, and twice narrowly escaped with their lives. The Liddesdale then continued on her voyage to Revel, but was unfortunate enough to get ashore on the 4th December, at St. Shotts, on the Canadian coast, where she remained stranded, notwith standing the efforts mode to save her. The Liddesdale was an iron screw vessel of 1735 tons gross register, being owned by Mr. Edward Milburn, North Shields. She was built at Sunderland in 1877 