THE LAST WORDS OF CHRIST- At tho Cairns Momoral Church, East Mel bourne, last evening, tho text of tho sermon was, " Aud Jo8ua came and spoke unto them, saying, all power isgivou unto mo in Heaven and in earth. Go yc, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing tliom in tho namo of tho Father, and of tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. Teaching thorn to obaervo all things whatsoever I havo commanded you ; and, lo, I am with you always, oven unto Uio end of tho world." (Matt, xxviil,, 18, 10, 20.) These nro tho last words spoken by Gbriat upon oartii to his Apostles, uud wo ought to cherish and religi ously net upon them ns wo would do in tlio case of words spoken by a dear friend at parting or at doatlj, In thoso words aro contained an assurance, a commission and a promise. An assurance by Christ of this own divinity: "All power is given unto wo in Heaven and in earth., This implies not only spiritual, but material powor. bt. John testified of Christ that "All things were mado by Him, and without him, was not anything made, that was mado"— ) John i., 3.) ; aud hero was a con- finnnation of Christ Himself, Materialists say that this universe was not created by a Supremo Being, that it wnsovolvod, that it grow from a germ. Well, suppose it was evolved, who sot tho evolution in motion ? who created tho gorm? Did it create itself? Are wo to believe nothing, but what wo see ? There are many things which wo can feel, nnd cannot see. such as heat and pain. Can wo seo tho forco which attracts this earth to tho sun, retains us upon tlio surfaco of this globo, and Bonds tlio planets whirling about in spneo? Can wo hqo our own intellect? The great Napoleon said ho could not undorstand how a man could look at the starry firmament and nay thoro was no God. Christ likowiso piispcsHed all spiritual powor, and a portion of thnt lie communicated to Ills apostlcn. Some jxjoplo do not believe iu miracles, but was there evor so groat a miraclo aa tho conversion of tho world to Christianity by n few ignorant fishermen ? The last words of Christ contained a commission., " Go yo therefore and teach all nations." Tho commission is not to fight or destroy, but to teach. Tho proud and lo&rncd; of tho tiino would laugh nt an individual Jow tolling a dozon illiterate followois to go and teach polisliod and philosophic Grocco, learned Egypt, and .victorious, ltemo. Yet that gontlo mission wqb fully carried out, without the aid of sword or oayonofc. __ Finally, tho last words of our Lord cuntain"n most consoling promiso, that ho would retnnin with those whom lie sent to teach to tho end of the world ; remain with His church in all hor trials, difficulties, and persecutions to which she was subjected, till time should bo no more and nothing would ruimiHi but otormty,- -Rov. G. D. Buchanan. 