INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. VICTORIA V. NEW SOUTH WALES. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, December 26. The thirty-first match between the colonies of Victoria and New South Wales was com-<*> menced; on the Melbourne Cricket Ground to-day in the presence of an enormous body of spectators. The rain which tell daring the previous night and early in the morning would, it was feared, not only interfere with the play {but deter a large number from attending. Fortunately, however, these gloomy anticipations were not realised, the weather Mc^ring towards noon, and with the exception of one Blight ?hover, which was not sufficiently severe to necessitate the ces sation of play, the weather during the day Wai all that could be desired. The New Soath Wales players were on the present occasion weakened by the absence of Sporforth and Massie, and in consequence of this, coupled with the knowledge that the Victorian Eleven was a remarkably strong one, public opinion declared that the representatives of this colony must score a very easy win. Black ham captained the Victorians, whilst Mur doch performed a similar duty far the New South Wales team. The latter were fortunate in winning the tost, and of coarse elected to bat. The New South Wales men were in splendid fettle with the willow, and had only lost four wickets for 278 when time was T^iod, Murdoch played a magnificent innings of 158, while Jones displayed bril. Uant cricket for bis 52. The fielding of the Victorians was not first-class all round, although a number of individual instances to the contrary were noticeable. The absence of Cooper as a trundler was very severely felt, as on a perfect wicket like that of to-day he is, without doubt, oneqnalled in the colony. No less than seven bowlers were tried, bat the batsmen were too good for them. Palmer ob tained two out of the four wickets, and Mid. winter and Horan the other two. The Play. The coin fell propitiously for the New South Wales captain (Murdoch), who decided to take advantage of a good wicket. The Victorians took the field shortly after 12 o'clock, the New South Welshmen being represented at the wickets by Bannerman and Murdoch. McShane and Palmer opened the bowling, the former sending down his first over from the pavilion end.tt? Banner man. Both bats men played cautiously, but with great con fidence, and a long partnership was antici pated. The score mounted slowly by singles and pairs till 20 was reached, when Banner man sent Palmer nicely to If g for 4, Murdoch following suit to short leg for 1 from McShane. Shortly after this Bannernun was clean bowled by, Palmer, and the board showed 1—12—30. Jones followed, ard Midwinter appealed unsuccessfully for a *nt<*h in ?h** alips from Murdocn eff McShane. After several uneventful overs, Jones punished a short-pitched one of McSbane's, sending it to the chains for 4, acd bringing 40 into view. Boyle relieved McShane, and the scoring became very lively, thanks to Murdoch. Buns mounted rapidly till G9 was reached, when Bonn went on to bowl vice Palmer. Before another run was added there was an adjournment for land, the score then standing at 69 for one wicket, Mnrdmfli and Jones having 41 and 12 respectively to credit After the usual in terval the same was resumed by Palmer going on at his old end, Boyle being die other trundler. Half a dozen overs having been delivered, Mnrdoch drove Boyle to the off for 4, all run out Shortly afterwards 89 appeared. Scott went on vice Boyle. In Palmer's next over Boyle made a grand eff jrt to eaten Mnrdoch at snort mid-on, but could only touch the balL A two drive to Mar* doch off Scott, and 90? went up, and after a few more overs the century appeared amidst cheers. When 2 more runs were added Midwinter relieved Palmer, and runs came more slowly. After 110 had been recorded, Jones sent Scott to leg for 3, Murdoch driv ing the next beautifully for a like number. Palmer went on at the railway end, and Joces ?ii?*?fl him to leg for a quartette. 120 op. When another 10 had been recorded a slight shower fell, and the bowlo^had to use sawdust. Buns now came rapidly, and Jones' sent 150 in view by bitting Palmer to leg for 4. Mnrdoch drove Palmer to the off-chants for 4, and McSbane relieved Palmer. The score then stood at 153. Oae hundred and sixty appeared by single*, shortly after which Horan relieved Mid winter. The change had the desired effect, as Jones was splendidly held at leg by Walters eff Horan's second ball. 2—s2—lfis. Jones played splendid cricket, and received an ova tion onretuniiLg to the pavilion. Moses filled the vacancy, end after Murdoch had made a tingle cot Horan for a coople, bringing 170 op. Murdoch nest drove McSaaoe to the eft for 3, waking bis century. This was re ceived with a round of applmuse. A had piece of fielding on the part of McShacegaveS to M""?*. ??"*?> nrAn-\i Amvt> Honin fora triplet —180 op. A short adjournment for refresh ments bow took place. On resuming Palmer went on in fdace of McShane, and Murdoch fnonisned him by hitting him twice for quar tettes, bringing 190 up. The second century was not long in appearing, principally through the agency of Moses. Another I change in the bowling now occurred, Boyle ?replacing Palmer. Still runs mounted up \ "surely, and at 217 Lewis took the bill from Boyle, Mnrdoch hitting Mm to leg for 4 first [ball—22o up. Palmer soon after this went Jon again at his old end vice Bonn, and {?ignalued this by clean bowling Moses. 3— !IS—23L Evans succeeded, and after scoring !a coople was let off by Blackham, behind the sticks. Blackham had a chance to eatult 'him I off Palmer; the balL however, struck bis knee and bounded off within easy reach of Bonnor ' in theslips,but?onnordidnotappearto realise his opportunity. At 240 Scott relieved Lewis. When 6 more runs wen added Horan went on at his old end vice Palmer. Just before 250 was readied Midwinter took the ball from Scott at the pavilion end, and in his second over caught and bowled Murdoch, who hit the ball hard back to him. 4-155—200. The New South Wales captain wat loudly ap plauded on returning to the pavilion, His innings was a perfect one, with only a ghost of a chance to Boyle early in the innings, Garrett joined Efiih, and Horan vta re placed by Palaaer. These two batsmen kept pp their- Crickets until time was called, the ? Bcore4fcenetandingat273. The following are the- eeores:— HEW SOUTH VALES. Bannerman, b. Palmer 15 Murdoch, candb. Midwinter _ _ 15S Jones, c Walters, b. Bntan .. .. 6! Mwes,b Palmer _ ~ .. -IS Enaa,notont — 25 Garret*, not oat ... — .. S Sundries .. —' .. .. _ 10 Total for four wickets _ _ iii The match will be continued to Borrow. 