FQSTE£4© TOPICS. By " Sib Laukcelot." A pleasant little meeting was that held under the auspices of the Bendigo Jookey Giub last Wednesday and Thursday, and greatly did I enjoy my first visit to Sandhurst. The weather was delightful on both days, and, though the heids in some of the events were far from large, the sport provided was excellent, with the one notable exception of the Trot— a kind of contest whioh should never be allowed to find a plsoe on the programme of any club of the pretensions of the Bendigo J. O. Beds wero at a premium in Sandhurst, and as I did not fancy a "shakedown" I spent the night between the two days' racing in comfortable quarters at Castlemaine, the trip to aud from wbiofa place enabled mo to have a good look at the surrounding country. I tbiuk all my ro/i- freres wboeo business took them to Sand hurst were well j>leased with their visits for th' ere was"1 e veiy facility 'afforded for the perfect enjoyment of the outing, the accom modation fur the members of the "Fourth Estate" being most commodious, and in vitations being extended to them to partake of the excelleut lunch provided by Mr. T. Borridge in the cool and prettily arrauged marquee adjoining the grand stand. On the Ant day eport opened with the Epsom Han dicap, for which Irraleo was made a strong favourite, but, though he led into the straight, he ncrer had ibo ghost of a show when Walker asked a question of my last week's selection, Boisterous, who came on full of running from the home turn and won in a canter. Basilisk, who had the assistance of Corrigan, found most favour with backers ia the Hurdle Race, but the winner turned up up in the Malmebury horse Pembcrley, who won very easily from Yarrec, the favourite finishing a bad third. Fusilier, the only other competitor, fell at the log wall. Next followed the Sandhurst Cup, of 20O sore., for which a dozen weighed out. When the flag fell there was little to choose in the belting between Linda and Victress, and they supplied the winner and runnerup, Victress, how ever, proving too much for the Bal- larat more, whom eho defeated rather easily by two lengths, Marchioness only being a moderate third. Archduke fell dur ing the race, and gave his rider, Mcore, a severe shaking, rembcrley next made an example of Spriog and Stormbird in the Selling Hurdle race, and though, on being submitted to auction, he wan bought in, he was subsequently sold to M. Griffin. The Publicaus' Purae produced au excelleut finish between Forlorn aud Squireen, the former coming with a great rush from the distance, and winning by half a length, and this event naturally only served to make the Handicap Trot, which proved a gift to Nellie, even more wearisome than the generality of such events are. A match, however, arose out of the affair, it being arranged that the winner should be pitted aguiuet Leitham- stead (who finished fifth to her) at Elstcrn- wick Park on Saturday, tlic 20th December. The distance is three miles, and the stake SOOsovs.a side, lOUsove. of which have already been placed in the hands of Mr. Joseph Thomp son Fine weather again favoured the visitors on the second day, but the attendance was not quite up to that of Wednesday. The Handicap Hurdle Race, which opened pro ceedings, only brought Pcmberleyand Yarrec to the post, the marc meeting the gelding ou 71b. better terms than on the previous day, when, however, the distance was half a mile less. A shade of odde was laid on Pein- berlcy now, and those who supported him hud a bit of luck in landing their money, for Yarree was on terms with him when she threw her chance out by blundering at tho last feoce. Mr. C. F. Froscr, who owned Pomberley when he wou on the first day, and supported hiui for a good slake in each of his three races, repurchased him from Grillin after he had won his third race; and the trainer in question had no cause to complain of the deal he h&d; made, ecciug that be had also profiled to sotne extent in the shape of bets by the final victory of the gelding. As the distance of the Bendigo Handicap was a mile and a half, and Odd Trick was the only one of the eight competitors that could claim to have pre viously got the distance in good company, it was only natural that he should be installed a warm favourito as soon ub there was a market, and here again backers made no mis- lake, for ho won very comfortably from Fly ing Jib. Boisterous and Victress always met with most attention for tho Ladies' Bracelet ; but the former was unable to gain & situation, and my "tip," Victress, l)td her work cut out to beat Forlorn. She, however, accomplished the feat of winning the doublo for Mr. E. Evans, who had the satisfaction of knowing that be bred her himself; aud it may hero be noted that she is half- Bister to that good horse The Diver (being by Proto- Martyr out of Gwendoline), and that her dam won the Sandhurst Cup 6omc years ago. After Fusilier hod upset the odds laid on Liddington for the Selling Race, which was rednoed to a match between the pair, a quintette went to the post for the Steepleohase, and though there had eon some talk early in the day of Mr. Pearson scratching Trumpeter on the ground of 41 forestalling," better counsels prevailed, and with Corrigan In the eaddle the Glppsland horse went out with only a shade over level money procurable about him. Peter and Chippen ham came to grief— the latter's fall breaking H'Gowan's collar-bone— bat the other three got roand all right, Vaulter being galloped on half a mile from home when running strongly, and being thus oompelled to leave the final struggle to the favourite and Napoleon, the latter, who had 351b. the best of the weights, always holding the top weicht safe in the run home, and winning easily. After an absence from the Sand hurst course of many years, Mr. George Watson again wielded the starter's flag, and the effects of his discipline were shown in some of the fines levied. Ok Monday night the committee of the Bendigo Jookey Club met at the City Club Hotel, Sandhurst, for the purpose of paying over the stakes won at the meeting. The secretary submitted a balance- sheet of the meeting, showing the financial position of tho club to be very satisfactory. The club stated the year with a liability of £1160, and paid altogether for the fernery in the lunoheon booth and other improvements £120, making a total liability of £12S0. This has been reduced to £280 by the receipt of fourteen life members1 fees at £25 each, and subscriptions from five other members of £50 each. The club feel greatly indebted to Mr. A. G. Wilson, who led off with tho first of the £50 donations, followed by Messrs. Joseph Bell, J. B. Watson, R. Moffat, and J. Catto. The total reoeipts from all sources in connection with the late Spring meeting amounted to £1247, and the stakes aud in cidental expenses were £1085 17s., showing a profit of £161 3e. The amount paid away in stakes was £990. Mr. E. Evans received the highest cheque for Victress' victories in the Cup and Bracelet, namely, £175 for the former, and £110 for the latter ; or a total of £295. Mr. C. F. Eraser received the next highest cheque of £210, made up by the fol lowing wins Femberly 1st in the Handi cap Hurdle Babe, £70; 1st in the Selling Hurdle Raoe, £70 ; and 1st in the Second Hurdle Race, £70. Mr. A. C. Wilson obtained £100 for Odd Triok's win in the Bendigo Handicap. Mr. R. Johnson was next with £90 for Napoleon's viotory in the Steeplechase. Mr. C. Fleming got £00 for winning the Publican's Purse with Forlorn, and S. Mahon a like sum for winning the Epsom Handiosp with Boisterous. £50 was allotted to Mr. G. Pyera for winning the Selling Race with Fusilier, and Mr. J. DavieB £10 for Nellie coming in first for the Trot. Thfi following cheques were also paid J. Wilson, 2nd in the Gap, £25 ; J. Ware, £10, 2nd in the Epsom Handicap ; J. Grippe, £10, 2nd in the Handicap Hurdle Race; Hon. W. Pcareoo, £10, 2nd in the Steepleohase. Walker was facile princeps among the jockoys at tho Bendigo J.C. Spring Meeting ; and though, when piloting Boisterous to victoiy in the Epsom Handicap, he in jured his foot through coming into contaot with a post he subsequently won the Sand hurst Cup and Ladies Bracelet on Victress, these being the only three mounts he had during the meeting. Casey rode Pemberley in his three victories, but no other jockey won more than one race, the successful ones being Davis, Hales, M'Gowau, and Huht. I VI6ITED tho training track at Flemington yesterday morning, but slow work is stUl the order of tho day. Tothill, who brought Prince Patrick and Lord Wilton orer on Thursday, hod them down on the course for the first time since his return from the "farinaceous 11 city, the whole of the team liavin'gTjeen in physic. X was much pleased" with the contour of Lord Wilton, who is a neatly made but powerfully built chestnut three-year-old brother to Footstep, and is a Slockwell all over, being particularly good to tell by a black patch oa his near quarter ; but I did not so much core for Prince Patrick, who, however, ia a rare bred 'un, and has already earned a few winning brackets. Sardiue is getting over bis recent mishap, and Helene, Nicholas, and Bis Bis were all looking well. Tothill tells mc that he intends to stop here till after the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, and that Gratitudebas been thrown out of txainiog, but Sandal will figure at a email meeting to be held in Adelaide on Saturday. The fastest work I saw performed during the morning waa that done by Phantom and Vernet, who Btrode along together for a round of the outer track; and Magnet, Jubilee, Gay Faux, Middlemaroh, and Josephine were also sent along, bat nothing sensational was done. Tics conditions of the principal events of the race-meeting to be held at Winchelsea on Boxing Day appear .in our advertising colnmoa to-day. They consist of the Handi cap HnrdloRace.of 40 soys., about two miles ; Handicap Trotting Raoe, of 25eovs., two miles; Winchelsea Handicap, of 50 eovs., one tnile and a half and a distance ; and Grand Stand Stakes, a welter handicap, of 20 sovs., with a piece of plate, value 20 eovs (the gift of Messrs. J. R Hopkins, S. and A. A. Austin), added, one mile. The other items of the programme are a Maiden Piste, n Pony Race, and a Selling Haok Race. Nomina tions close on Saturday next. Noxxkatioks for the Tarrengo wer (Maldon) Races, on Boxing Day, must be sent in to Mr. F. Cox, the hon. secretary, at Haldon, before eight o'clock on Monday next. Glad Tidings, who effected each a sur prise by wiuuing the Ladies1 Bracelet at Caulfield the season before laBt, has been distinguishing himself in India, where, at Meerut, ho won the Trial Stakes and Civil Service Stakes, carrying 9dt. 131b. in each event. To-XObrow, at 4 p.m., nominations close for the events to be run at Moonee Valley on Saturday week. The items on the pro gramme requiring attention are:— Maiden Plate, of 25 eovs., 6 furlongs; Pascovale Handicap, of 40 so vs., o furlongs ; Selling Race, ot 50 eove., 4 furlongs ; Handicap Steeplechase, of 50 sove., about one mile and three quarters ; and Harreet Handicap, of 50 60VS., 6 furlongs. Owing to the altera tions and improvements that Mr. Cox is making on the course, there will be no water- jump in the Steepleohase this mooting. Mr. H. H. Roche will recoivo nominations up to the hour named at tho Victoria Hotel, Bourke-street west, and, as the entry fee for each event is only 1 so v., and the accept ance a like amouut, owners should respond liberally to the oall made on them. Mr. Vowles'b handicaps for the Bairnsdale Races appear under oar usual heading to day. In the R.O. Handicap Mr. Pearson's pair, Quality and Conteesina, head the list with Ost. 21b. and 9et. respectively, and the same pair have each Sat. 41b. in the Mitchell Biver Handicap. An extraordinary general meeting of the Viotoria Trotting Club was held at the Victoria Hotel on Monday afternoon, the business being the consideration of the advisability of increasing tho capital of the dub to £10,000 by the issue of 1000 new shares at £5 each. On the motion of Mr. Miller, seconded by Mr. J. Bennett, it was resolved that the capital of the club should be increased in the manner proposed, and the meeting then adjourned. Nohikatioxs for the Terang Meeting, on Now Year's Day, close next Friday at 9 p.m. The events requiring attention are Hurdle Handicap, of 25 eovs., one mile and a half ; Terang Cup Hondioap, of 50 sove., one mile and a quarter; Handicap Steeplechase, of 30 sovs., two miles; and Handicap Trot, of 10 sove., two miles. Tee committee of the Eohnoa Rac ing Club met last Friday, and decided to hold their annual races on Wednesday, the 23rd Janoary, 18S4. The added money ia £185, dividod among six events. In another oolnmn will be fonnd a Ust of the winning jockeys of the present eesson, brought up to the finish of the Bendigo meeting. It will be seen that Hales has tho largest number of wins to hie credit, but Nicholson has had most mounts. Onjy those who have won races are included in the record, end therefore the names ( of several prominent " knights of the pig skin1 will be found missing ; bnt as the list will be added to from week to during the season I hope to see many more names yet recorded in it. X staaKD owners of horses engaged in the A.J.C. 8ummer Cop that they must deolare forfeit with the decretory, Mr. T. 6. Clibborn, before four o'clook to-day, or they will be liable for another forfeit. The general entries for the meeting are also due, the following being the events claiming the attention of nominators : — Hurdle Raoe. of 100 sove., two miles and a half ; Selling Plate, of 160 eovs., one mile and a quarter ; Two-year-old Plate, of 100 sovs., 5 furlongs; and A.J.C. Handicap, of 150 sovs., one mile and a quarter. The entrance fee for each race is 1 sov. , and entries will be received a t the V.R.C. offioe, as well as in Sydney. At tbo eamo hour forfeits must be de clared for TaUcrsaU'e Club Cup, which will bo run for on New Year's Day. Then also must nominations be made for the various events on the same club's programme, as follows : — Handicap Hurdle Race, of 100 sovs., 2 miles ; Selling Race, of 200 sovs., one mile and a furlong ; Two- year-old SellingRace, of 150 sots., six furlongs ; and New Tear's Gift (Handicap) of 150 sovs., one mile and a quarter. The entrance fee for each race is I eor. Nominations for the .Evelyn Turf Club's annual races, to be held on Boxing Day, close with Mr. W. F. WUmot, at Healesvule, on Saturday next. The events are Handicap Hurdle Raoe, of 25 eovs., abont two miles ; District Plate Handicap, of 20 sovs., one mile ; , Evelyn Handicap, of 40 sovs., two milee; Selling Handioap, of 10 boyb., three-quarters of a mile ; and Consolation Handioap, of 10 i sovs., one mile. Australian bred horses were in great form at tho Auckland (N.Z.) Spring Meeting on 10th November. Nelson, who is by King Cole out of My Idea, won the opening event, the Trial Stakes (one mite), and both the second and third were also bred In Australia, Maori, the runner-np, having been better known as Auckland, the uncertain eon of Sydney Tim Whiffler and Wsratah, while Vortex, who finished third, hailed originally from New South Wales, and ia by Reprieve out of Gfaira, dam of Oolima and grand- dam of The Bohemian. Among the other starters were Ealo (by xattendon — Gipsy Girl), and two of Musket's progeny. The Welcome Stakes, for two- jear-olds, fell to Trenton, who is by Musket out of Frailty, and is the first foal of that mare, who is by Goldebrough out of Flora M'lvor bj New Warrior ont of Io. The runner-up to him was Krupp, who is by Musket out of Maid of Athol (a New South Wales bred daughter of Maribjrnong and Paraguay), and another eon of Musket finished third. Martini-Henry full sister, Wood Nymph, started first favourite, but did not -gain a ait-nation. . Maori was pulled out again for the Spring Handicap (one milo and a half), which he won easily from Kenilworth (by Kelpie — Empress), another Australian in the shape of Kalo oooapying third plsoe. The veteran Lone Hand, of V.R.C. Steeplechase celebrity, pulled off the Xadiee' Puree, and Nelson was again to the fore over the five furlongs of the Epsom Plate, Musket's daughter, Mitrailleuse, finishing second. The Auckland Stud Company sow own both My Idea, the dam of Nelson, and Result's dam, Realisa tion, and as Nelson has shown saoh good form, and Realisation's eon, Waipiti, won a raoe at the first time of asking as a two- year-old, these mares should prove two of the most valuable of the large number of brood matrons the company's paddocks contain. Hardly had I penned the above paragraph when I received a letter from an Auckland sporting friend, who profited to a good tune by Martini-Henry's victories. From his communication I extract the following : — " Nelson has the makings of a grand horse, and 1 fully expect to see him win the Derby, if his owner relies oa him in preference to Waipiti. Martini-Henry's sister. Wood Nymph, was among those that started for the Welcome Stakes, but either she had goue off, or the greasy nature of the ground (consequent on the wet day) did not suit her, for she was un placed, though she had beaten the winner, Trenton, by several lengths in a trial they had a few days before the race. She is in deed a handsome filly, and will, I feel sure, yet give us a taste of her quality. Another youngster who will yet see a better day is Gretna Green, who is by Bolton Green out of Pearl Ash, and who, although she had been only a few woeks in training, showed undeniable pace." My correspondent also tells me that after Martini-Henry had won the V.R.C. Derby, bis Auckland admirers took 5 to 2 about him for the Melbourne Cup kindly. Ho likewise informs me that on paying a viBit to the Stud Co.'s establishment at Sylvia Park, be found that Sylvia's son by Anteros was a " regular boomer;" that his dam was looking in splendid health, as age does not appear to have yet told its tale upon her ; and that the directors of the company backed Mar tini-Henry " up to the handle. Nominations for the events of the V.R.C. New Year's Day meeting must be made beforo 4 o'clock on Friday. The items of the programme requiring attention are detailed in our leading columns. The woighta for the Viotorisn Amateur Turf Club's Boxing Day Meeting are due on Monday next. Acceptances are due to-day for the com plimentary meeting in honour of Mr. J. B. Pearson, to oome off at Coaterton on 18th December. At a meeting of the Shepparton Turf Club held daring tbe week, it was derided to hold the annual races on 21st February, 1884. It was also decided that a grand stand should be erected on the coarse at a cost of about £500. Geobgr Bead's horses have been removed from the Newmarket Hotel to Henderson's stables at Ascot Vale, where Bead intends to locate himself during tbe season. The three- year-old brother to Trump Toss, who is a member of the team, has been christened St. John, and ran under that name at Sandhurst last week. Ax the sale of the stud of Lurline1s breeder, Mr. 6. Nosworthy, held at Christ - church on 10th November, Mr. G. G. Steal, who imported Cadogan, gave 105 guineas for a colt by that bone out of Awatea, the dsm of Grip. There were only five yearlings by Gadogan — the first of that hone's get— sub mitted, and the higheat-prioed one was a oolt ont of Lurtine's half-sister, Waterwitch, who realised 600 guineas. Waterwitoh her self was sold to a North Island sport am an for 275 guineas, and as she had a oolt foal by Cadogan at foot and was in foal to htm again, the purchaser made a good deal. Mr. H. Redwood got Awatea for 160 guineas, and No Name, with a full brother to the Derby winner Ondeia at foot, was ran up to 975 guineas, bnt though knocked down at that prioe I hardly think she was sold. On Saturday afternoon upwards of 40 Sydney sporting gentlemen aooepted an in vitation from tbe promoters of the Canter bury Park Race Club to inepeot the new raoeoonrse whioh. has just been completed. Amongst those present were Messrs. JameB White, S. A- Stephens, Badgery, Scarr, Tait, and Clibborn. After inspecting the coarse champagne was opened, and Mr. White, in the coarse of a few temarks, said he thought tbe oonrse was seoond only to Randwick. Messrs. W. L. Davies, John Tait, Clessold, S. A. Stephens, and Badgery also sprite. The proceedings were most enthnsiaatio. Tantalises wou tbe Mile Handicap and Turf Olnb Handioap atfNarandera on Friday last, and next day Csrissuna, who was rmmer-up to him in tbe T.O. Handicap, turned the tables on him in the Town Plate. The results of tbe varions errata appear in another oolumn. Countbtxak (late Oetswayo) was, after bis viotory in the Ladies' Braoelet at Wagga, sold privately to Mr. A F. Smart. A eikdly correspondent sends me tije following gossip from Oolac Tbe Boxing Day Raoee, though not of great financial value, have caused a good many boreea to be put in work. Mr. Hearn has three, viz., Havdock, Princess Alioe, and Blue Peter ; and Mr. Wray has a ooaple in tbe shape of Ada (a good mare over hurdles) and a chestnut mare by Leo out of My Dream. A oolt by Argus Scandal from Miss Campbell, and a bay mare by Gemma di Vergy, are also doing good work, and several others are being trained in the neighbourhood by their owners. Tax Hawkesbary Rating Club have fixed the 21it and 23rd August, 1884, as the dates for their next Spring Meeting. Tas names of Signer and Goodwood appear among the nominations for tbe Carrick (Tasmania) Raoee on Boxing Day. Tbe list appears in another oolnmn. i Mb. H. Fishxs'b colt, Miles, who was i until reoeoUy a member of A Davies'e string, has been thrown out of work. Mb. Bond, the seoretary of the V.A.T.C., is Still improving tbe Gaolfirid course. For eome time past tbe ranger and hie men have been clearing and burning the ecrob on the right-hand side of tbe coarse after passing tbe etand. It is intended to make the course a mile and a half roend, ao that by the time the next Caulfield Cap is ran the visitors win have tbe pleasure of seeing tbe a tart for tbe great event. It is also intended to erect eoraping ebeds at tbe far end of the oonrse for the use of trainers, and their entrance gate will also be here. It is not likely that the altered traok will be ready before the next Spring Meeting. Thb programme of the Elstornwiok Park Races, to oome off on tbe 29th December, eppears in our advertising columns to-day. There are half-a-dozen events altogether — three trotting races (inoluding tbe match between Lei thama toad and Nellie) and three fiat races. Entries must be made with the secretary of the V.T.G. at Kirk's Bazaar, before 4 p.m. on Monday, the 17tb instaot. baa further added to bis laurels in New Zealand by winning the Aabbuiton Cap with 9st. 6lb. on his back. The com pany he met was not first-class, though there were some good eeoond-ratera among them, bat he easily dressed them down, and the time for the mile and a half is returned as 2min. 37eec. The distances on the up- oountry courses in New Zealand are, bow- ever, always open to doubt. At the same meeting Lurline's half-brother, Leopold, by Albany— Mermaid, won the Maiden Plate, and Emir Bey, by Tubal Cain— Aoe of Hearte, was successful in the Raring Club Handioap. I understand that the profit on the late V.R.O. Spring Meeting amounts to close upon £9000. Mb. T. S. Clxboobx announces this week that Mr. Andrew Town's annual sale of thoroughbred and draught yearlings will be held at Richmond, N.S.W., on- Tbureday, 17th January, 1884. Tee same gentleman also announces that be has received instructions from the New Zealand Stud and Pedigree Co. to sell fay auotion, at Randwick, on Monday, 1 8tb January, 14 thoroughbred yearlings by Mueket (imp.), Leolious (imp.), and Cap-a- pie, from such mares as Sylvia, Onyx, Bergere, Sister Agnes, &c.; Catalognes will shortly be issued, when I shall take an op portunity of revie wiog the lots in detail. Mb. F. F. Daxin's string has been strengthened by the addition of Plausible, a four-year-old colt by Vagabond out of Plausible, bred and owned by the Hon. W. Pearson. It will be seen by our Adelaide correspon dent's letter that, in tbe new lease of the Adelaide racecourse granted by the city conncil to Messrs. Blackler and Ferry, it is expressly stipulated that the club shall not charge bookmakers tbe £10 10s. license fee, which was the cause of the action whioh led to the old lcsso being declared bad. This would be good news to the wieldcrs of the pencil were it not that bettiog bids fair to become extinct in Adelaide if oertain "goody goody1 legislators are allowed to have things their own way. If the English sporting press speak truly, we may look for the return of Mr. W. A. Long to Australia ehortly after Christmas. "Merlin," in tbe Tatmotiiati , says that it is feared that Echo will not be able to race during tbe season, owing to tho injuries he received during the Colebrook Hurdle Raoe, through the highly dangerous hurdles need. Tbe same writer hears tb&t; fifteen of the Enfield mares go to Albert, the brother to Commotion, who will thus be afforded a good chance of making a name for bimeelf. Mb. C. E. Ujcphelby has sent me a list of the foalfnge at Dwarroon up to the present, and it is published nnder the head ing of " Stnd News' to-day. Mr. Urn- phelby also informs me that he has named bU yearling oolt by Sussex — Uproarious, West Sussex, and his yearling filly by Sussex — Highland Fling, Scotch Reel. "We may expect Lord Rosebery in Melbourne next week, but, as he will only stay here for a week on his road to New Zealand, be will not witness any racing. He will return here from the southern colony in time to catch the R.M.S. Parramatta, by which vessel he intends to take his passage for England, and, as she sails on the 17th January perhaps the noble earl will be able to put in an appearance at Flemington to witness the Victorian Club Meeting. Would it not be a graceful act on tbe part of the management of that fixture to interview Lord Roieberv, and if possible arrange for bis presence at the meeting ? It would indeed be matter for great regret if he left Australia without being able to convey to English turfites his impressions of racing at the antipodes, A bookmaker named Alfred Marks, resid ing in Carlton, met with his death by falling from the horse Stormbird in front of Bowes Hotel on Monday. It appears that be was told tbe horee was qniet, whereupon he requested to be allowed to mount it ; but his knowledge of horsemanship was of a most limited kiod, and he received a fall which fractured his skull, and caused his death soon after he was admitted to the hospital. John Michael Cregan and Richard White were charged at the City Police Court yesterday morning with being concerned in tbe "running" of the "Victory" sweep. The defendants, who kept the American Novelty Shop in Bourko-street, were, on the application of the police, remanded for a week. 