Archbishop Vaughan Parramatta. at On Tuesday last His Grace Archbishop Vaughan visited Parramatta to perform several ceremonies;-in connection with his Church. The rev. gentleman tarried at Subiaco over Monday night; and on the following morning at 10 o clock paid a visit to the Roman Catholic Orphan School, where he confirmed a number of children. After the confirmation, the Archbishop was presented with a purse of sovereigns from the attendants and the following address (which was neatly printed on satin at the Mercury office) from the children :— "Parramatta Roman Catholic Orphan School. \- Address to His Grace the Most Rev. Roger JSede Vaughan, Archbishop of Sydney. " May it please Your Grace. " The Officers, Attendants and Children of this Institution desire to approach Your Grace on tbe eve of your departure for Rome, to convey to you in a humble manner our respect and admiration for Your Grace. "Though our address lack tho polished elo- quence with which more brilliant assemblages are wont to greet Your Graoe, yet from none will you have more heartfelt good wishes, deeper love, respect and veneration—wishes too eloquent for words to utter—love, respect, and veneration too deep and abiding for toneue 0 6 to express. . • "We who are children have even deeper «euon for gratitude than others, for your noble tod unflagging labours in the cause of Catholio Education, and in the maintenance of means whereby the Dear Faith of Our Fathers may he transmitted to us in all its Holy Purity We humbly beg Your Grace's acceptance of this cheque, as a very humble token of our esteem and gratitude,; and though our offering be small, yet we know Your Grace will look not on it with regard to its Value, but regard only the intention with which we offer it " We trust Your Grace will have a pleasant and prosperous voyage to the Eternal City, and our .heartfelt praver is for the happy coMummation of the objects of Your Grab's visit to Jionie, and a safe retain to your Australian nome. "We fcegtosubscribe ourselveB Your Grace's B most Obedient Children, " (Signed on behalf of the subscribers). 'J"® 8 B. Bvrne, "John Downby HENE* WALL, « Michael O'Shea." -JFft fr^Wshop acknowledged the gift in ^tobloandfoel,nKterm B. H?thenprodded < 3 5 urch . on a site adjoining which he laid the foundatioa-stons of the new convent school tp, be pallet, ft The. In/ant Jesu8." -Tjiere wasa'l&rge; .atte'ndanba at tho ceremony, .'and the eum qf 4SJ68 ,2« 6,4 \vss laid pn , tbe stone. This included from the Archbishop, £26 each from Archdeacon Rigney arid the Sisters', and, £6 pai:h from Futh' Harnett, Mr. O'NeU/aqdMfSi.T. O'Brien. .' At the conclusion of the ^coromony the company adjourned to the .s.ch^pl-room, ^Here the ArchVi6hop was presented with a purse containing 100 sovereigns'and tin address from the- Catholics of Parramatta.' The address, which "was read by Archdeabon . Rigney, was as follows:—. •' May it please Tour Grace,— "Your faithful and ^devoted cliildton, the Catholics of Parrumatta, desire to approach? Your Grace on the occasion of your proposed journey to Rome, to tender you the expression of our love and admiration of Your Grace as a groat public benefactor. "The benedictions of your old_flock will accompany ytu on your voyage to Rome, and; their prayers and vows will anticipate' for youa joyous meeting with the Holy Father, and a full recognition at his bands of your heroic and succesBfin labours in the vineyard of Our Lorr in Australia. "The,Catholics of Parramatta have stran u reasons for their especial congratulations on. your approaching ffelicity. '•On seven memorable occasions you came amongBt us to bless our efforts and our undertakings in the cause of religion and education. To Your Grace under God we are indebted f^' the ve-ry largo measure of success which has been vouchsafed to ub. , ••Our pleasure is somewhat tinged with regret at the temporary withdrawal of your personal supervision of your flock, but even here we ale compensated by the knowledge of tho extraordinary results of your efforts to pro- mote the welfare of your people under enormousdifficulties, a welfare founded on no true and finn a basis that its success is assured even after the lemporaiy withdrawal of your protecting hand. " We pray Almighty God to prosper your voyage, and to bless your zealous projects for securing priests and religious for the Archdiocese, and we heartily wish Your Grace a speedy and a safe return to your devoted flock in renewed health and vigour. " Signed on behalf of the Catholics of Purramatta, "JOHN RIGNEY, Arcluieneon." The ArchLisliop tnude the following n.-ply:— " I return you my most hcnru'eli lliimlis, my dear very Itev. Archdeacon and clc-itry, and you, dear people of the Parramatta district, for addressing me in words of BO much interest and affection on this occasion of my departure from amongst you to visit the tomb of the Apostles, and to give an account of my stewardship to the visible head of the Catholic Church. Amongst all the districts into which tho Aichdiocese is divided there is not one 'which has a grcnter attraction for me than that over which iny dear friend the Archdeacon presides with such 6olf-sacrificing zeal and apostolic Bpirit. When you, dear friends, are so good us to express your pleasure at any little help I may havo been allowed to give to the (treat cause, my thoughts at oncc rebound from myself to you. In thus epealang of me, "you arc, in reality reminding me, though you did not intend it so, of the great nnd generous and successful' efforts you yourselves have made iu the high interests of religion in this place. What do I see ? What have you done under the leadership of the Venerable Archdeacon. Rigney within the few years that I havo been in the colony ? I say you have turned this portion of the vineyard into a well- cultivated and fruitful garden, fitted with all the appliances necessary for true church work, for producing tho fruits of virtue —oil and wine, bread and honey for the nourishment of your souls. As the district, so beautiful in its orango groves and itt splendid flowers, owes all its exceptional loveliness to careful hands nnd patient work, eo it is with the spirituiil vineyard to which I am referring. What wo see around us is the result of faith and the toil of yoars. First, the Brothers, in their religious habits with their religious training, took possession of your schools ; then came tho Sisters of Mercy; and then, their now, beautiful school; and then the tower, and, finally, the Bpire, and last, and not least in my estimation, the thorough renovation of the Presbytery, not to speak of the now convent of which I have just laid tho corner-stone. I might go further u-field and point out new churches liko that at Granville, tho chancel-stone of which iB to be laid by me this afternoon, and tho wide compasB of the priests' activity in more distant parts, but it is unnecessary. We all know what has been dono. AVheuever an opportunity has offered itself for me to be in your midst at the initiation or completion of any of these good works, I have indeed gladly seized hold of it, first, to testify my high appreciation of the Archdeacon's apostolic zeal; secondly, to see the loving work of a loving generous people with my own eyes; and thirdly, that I too might practically 'idnntify mysolf with what priosts and people were doing for Holy Church, and for tho glory of Almighty God in this favoured portion of my archdiocese. We must, one and all, feel unmixed consolation in being allowed to work for God. There is no bitterness, 110 feeling of selfishness mixed up with labouring for Him, and for the establishment of Holy Church. To serve Him is true joy in the Holy Ghost. And it is in this spirit—in the sublime spirit of religion, that our hearts find a home, and our aspirations find, a centre. This ib the secret of our tenderness one for another—why you speak with bo much kindness and love towards me, and why I love you back again with that force of 1 charity which seeketh not its own, and which is patient and meek as well as kind. " Dear friends, pray for mo when I am gone, and I will p tay for you—you for me, before the altar and in your homcB; I for you, in Holy Mass, and above all, under the grandest dome unJor tho heavens—under the dome of St. Peter's and at the shrine and tomb of the great spiritual princes of tho church, St. Peter and St. Paul. Nor will I forget to boBeech the great Pontiff, who seems to havo been especially raised up to meet the difficulties of the present age, Leo XIII., to. spread out his hands in blessing over you, your wives and children, and homes, that you may have joy and peace here, and, then, the vision of the face of God in tho world to come. And now I thank you for the offering you make to me. I feel no talse delicacy in accepting it. If I do not get I caunotgive. And you know how many calls I have upon me on all sides, and how much I always wish it were in my power to give double what I do give towards the multiplying ettorts that are being made in every direction in the building of churches, convents, schools and presbyteries. May God repay you. aU an Hundredfold for thug assisting me in my work, and for enabling me to enjoy the great gratification of giving more liberally than otherwise 1 could do towards generous efforts on all sides in the interests of true culture, religion, and morality. 