HOW JUNE FOUND HA.SSA LINKUM. A Stoby op the Close op toe Wah. .Tunr laid down her kn'ves upon the scrub bing-board, and flole softly out, into the yard Madame Joil-t was taking a nap up stairs, and, for a few minutes at Iea9t the coast seemed to be quite clear. June was a little girl who hnd lived in Rich mond ever since she - ould remember, who had never been outside the city boundaries, and who had a xapue idea that tho North lay just above the Chickahominy, and the Gulf of Mexico about a mile below the James, -he could not tell A from Z, nor the figure 1 from 40; and whenever Mndnmc Joilet. mnde those funny litrle curves and dots and blots with pen nnd ink, in drawing up her billn ti send in to the lodgfrs up-tiira, June considered that ehe wjs moverl thereto by witches Her authority for this theory lay in a charming old woman aernsa the way, who had on« touth, and wore u. yellow cap. und u?ed to tell her ghost stories sqm-times in tho evening. Komebody asked June onco how old she ws. 'Specfc 1's a hundred — dunno,' bIio said, gravely. Kxactly now oia sue was noooay knew.' She was not tall enough to be more than Beven, but her face was like the faco of a little old wonvm. It. was a queer little fjee, with thick lips and low forehead, nnd great, mournful eyes. Thera was something strange about t lies- eyfs Whenever they looked at one, they nf emed to cry right out, us if thoy had a voice. But, no one in Bichmond cared about that Wobody cared about Jun«.at ail. When she wns unhiippr, no one asked what was the matter; when she was hungry, or cold, or frightened, Madams Joilet laughed nt her, and when the was siok, she b:nt her. If sho broke a teacup, or spilled a mug of coffee, sho had her ears boxed, or was shut up in a terrible dark cellar, where the rats were as large as kittenB. If she tried to sing a litt'e in her sorrowful smothered wav over her work, Madame Joilet phook her for rnakintr sn much noise When eho stopped b!ib scolded her for being sulky Nothing tivit sho could do over happened to bo right; everything was sure to be wrong. She had not half enough to eat, nor half cnongh to woar. What was -worse than that, she had nobody to kisi hor ; nobody to lov« her and pot her ; nohody in all the wido world to care whether she lived or died, except a half-starved kitten that lived in the wood shed. For June was black, und a slave; and this Frenchwomen, lladau.o Joilet, was 1 er mistress. Hungry was the kitten. June hod named it so bee iusf- it was black She had an idea, that everything black , wus hungry, in the That there, hud been a war, June had gathored from old Creline. who told hertlieghost.stories. What it whs nil about she did not know, Mndnmo Joilet tnH some terrible giants,- called Vankees, wi-ro coming down to eat. up all the littlo black girls in fiichmond Crolinn taid thnt tbe Yankees were the Messiah's people, and were coming t- set the neg oes free. Who the Messiah to, June did not know ; bit she had heard vaguelegends from Creline of old time, African princes who lived in great fwo forests, and sailed, ou ppa-kling rivets in boa's o£ painted .b'rk an-* she thought that ho must ue or.u oi li:uui Now, this morning, Creline had wbispored mjstnriously to June, as sho went up the street: to sell some eggs for Madamo Joilet, that Muss* I.inkmn wns romirg t.hnt very day. Juno knew nothing about M'issa Linkum, and no thing about those grand, immortul words of his. winch nna maie every smvein nienmona tree; it had never enter ed Madame Joilet's plan that) she should kmiw. No one can toll, reasoned ma'larpo, whtt, notions th- little nigger will get if sho finds it out Sho n-ight even usk for wngoj, or take a notion to Ifnrn to read, or rim uwuy, or something. Juno saw no ono; -he kout lier.prudentli' !n the house. Tell her? 2Ton, no*, impossible.! ., ; ri '? .But Juno had heard 'the beautiful news this morning, 1 k« nil the rest : and June was glad, though she had not tho slightest idea why. Ko, \v1iili»b'er mistrftss ' wnfl snfr-lv iislem*! -nnstnirp. 'she lind stolen out to watch for tho wondorful sight.- .?-:?.'??!?': . -, ._ : ,,;,-,. i ' ho was e'andi g: there on tip-tje on the ?fence, in her littlo ragged dros?, with the black kitten in her arms, when a grea!-. crowd turned a corner, und tossed up a cloud of dust, and swept, up the street. There were armed soldiers with. glittering uniforms, and there wevo flag* fljincr, and. merry voices shouting, and huzzas and blossinjjs distinct upon the air. There .were long lines of dusky faces upturned and wot with happy tears There wore angry facer-, too, 'scowling from windows and lurking in dork (*i\v,m,.s. : . . ? : .It swept on, and it swept up, and Juno stood still and hell. hor breath to loo'-, and saw, in tbe midst of it nil, a tail man dressed in bl..ek. He hnd a thin, white faoo, sad-eyed, und kindly und quiet, and lie wus bowing and smiling to tho people on oithorsWo. , ; ' God bress yer. Massi I.inkutn, God bress ycr !' shouted the luippy voices ; and then there was a chorus of wild hurrahn, and June laughed outright, for glee, and lifted up her Uiin little voice, and cried,, ' Bress yer, Massi Linkuni!' with the rest, and knew no mors than tho kitty what she did it for Tho groat man turned, hnd saw Juno stnnd ingalono in the sunlight, the fresh wind blow ing her rasjod dress, her littlo h'nuk Bhouldera ?just reaching to the top of the fence, hor wid« open, mournful . eys and the Kitten squeezed in hor arms. And ho looked right t.t her,' oh, 'so kindly I and gave her a 6mile all to horseU — one of hi-i raro raiilo' Avith a bit of a quiver in it— arid bowed, and wa« gone. '!'.'. 'Take mo 'long wid yer, Mnss* Tinbim, MaEsa [.ink urn !' called poor June, faintly. Bnt no ono heard her ; and the orowd swept on, and June'a voicebroke injto a ory, and tho hot, tears canie, and she lakl her face- down on Hungry to hide them. You seo. in all her lifo no cno j had ever looted bo at poor June before. 'June, June, come hero 1' called a sharp voice from the house.' But Juno was sobbing so hard that she did not hear. ? Venez ici—vite, vite ! Jnne! Voil&! The littlo nigger will be the death of me. fcihe tears my heart. Juno, vite, I say !' June slarted, and jumped down from the fence, and ran into the house with great fright ened eyes. ' I just, didn't mean to, noways, miesus. I want to see Massa Linkum, an' ho look at me, I done forgot .eberything. Oh. missus don', boat me dis yere time, 'an' I'll iiebor— ' But Madame Joilet interrupted her with! a box on the ca-, arid dragged liar up stairs. 5 here was a terrible, look on'Wadamo's face. , Just what happened up stairs) I hayo not the heart to tell you. ?..-:,, t ]': ,. ' . ?'_'? .'.'?? .'.'. That nif-ht, June was crouchod, sobbing, and lwmaA/l ftnrl KiMatlinflr *lialiinVl- flialrt^/.lian ofy\irn when Creline came in on an errand for her mistress. Madame Joilet was obliged to leave tho room for a few moments, and the two wero ttlono together. June crawled put from behind thestove. , ' . . ':;. .;; 'I sco him— I seo Mas.=a T-inkiim. Creline.' ' Do f;ord bress him foreber 'n' eber. Jlmen !' exclaimed Creline, fervently, throwing up her old thin hands. : June crept a little nearer, and looked all around the room to pee if the doors were shut.; . ' Croline, whit's ho dono gone come down here fur? .4 m he do Messiah ?' ' Bress yer soul, chile ! don' yer know belter 'Don' know nuflin,' 'eaid June sullenly. ' Neb^r knows nuflm ; 'spscts I never's gwine to. Can' go out in the rc-ad to fino out she beat nn?. din' ask nuflin— she jest gib me a push down cellar. Oh, Crcline, der's secit big rat* down dar now — dar is !' 'Yer poor critter!' said Creline, with great contempt for her ignorance. ' Why, Massa LinVum, everybody knows 'bout he ! He's done fione made we free — whole hc%p on we.' 'Free !' echoed June »ith puzzled eyes. ' Laws, yes chile ; ' pear.* liko y ers' dreiTul stupid. Yer don' b'long'—Creli e lowered her voice to a mysterious whisper, and looked carefully at the closed door— 'jer don' b'long to Missus Jolly no more, dan she b'long to you, eo— (Jod bress him !' Just then Madame Joilet came back. ' What's that vou'te talking about?' she said, sharply. ' June wd- jes' savin' what a heap she tink ob you, missus,' slid Creline, with a grave face. June lay awiike a long time that night think ing about Massa Linkum, nnd the wonderlul news Creline had brought, and wondering when Madame Joiltt would ttll hor that sho was free. Itof: YnnTiw ^nva nncasrl n»if1 Arflfldmft fiflirl nothing about it. Creline's son hud left his master and gone North. Creline hers-lf had asked and obtained scanty wageB for her work. A. little bluck boy ncross the Btreet had been sentenced toreceivo twt-nly-fivo lashes for Eome trilling fnulr, und they had just begun to beat him iu the yard, when a Union officer stepped up and stopped th- m. A little girl, not a quarter of a mile away, whose mime June had often heard, had just found her father, who had been sold away from her years ago, and had come into Eichinond with the i'untee soldiers. But nothing had happened to June, itvurylhinir went on as in tho old days before Mas6a Linkuui came. She washed dithts, and scrubbed knives, und carried basket:) of wood, so heavy that shu tottered under their weight, and was scolded if the dropped so m uch as a snaring ou tho floor ; she swept the rooms with a broom three times as tall as she was, aud had her ears boxud because she could not get tie dust up with such tiny hauds. She worked and scrubbed, and ran on errands from morn ing to night, till lier feet ached so that she cried out; with the pain She wns whipped, and scolded, and threatened, and frightened, and shaken, just as she hid been ever since she could remember. She was kepi, shut up like a prisoner in the housi, willi tSadnme Joilet s o- Id grey eyes forev-r on l-'er, nnd her sharp voice forever in her car. Ar.d tt 11 not ii word was stiiil about Mnssd A.inluim ttndtht* beautiful freedom ha had I'i-tn to all such us little June, uud not a word did June dure to say. But June rhoughr. .Iludmnit jailul coul:'. not help th«t. If Mudiunc had known just what June was thinking, she would huve tried hurd to help it. One night Creline was going by the hou=e, when June called to her soitly through the fonce. 1 1 ireline !' 'What's do matter?' said Creline, who was in a irre'at hurry. ' I's gwine to fine JIassa Xinkum — don' jer tell nobody.' 'Laws a massy, what u young un dut ur chile is!' said Creline^ thinking that June hud just waked up from a divum, and forthwith i'or getting all about her. ''Madame Joilet always locked June into her room, which was nothiug ? ut a closet with a window in it, and a heap of rags for a bed. Oil this particular night sue turned the key as usual, and then went to her own room at the other end of the house, where she was soon toundly asleep. ? ? About eleven o ciock, wnen an me nun^e w;i& still, the window of June's closot softly opened. There was a roofed door- way just undernoa'h. it, with an old grnpo-vine trelHsruimingupone side of it. A. littlo dark figure stepped out timidly on the n-irrow, steep roof, clinging with its hands to keep its balance, and then down upon the trellis, which it, began to cra»-l slowly down. The old wood croaked und groaned and trembled, and the little liguro trembled ;u.d stood still. If it should givo way and full crashing to the ground ! took a -low, careful step ; tlion another, «nd another, hand under hund upon the burs. The trellis created, nnd shook, uncl cracked, but it, hold on, and June, held on, and dropped softly down, gasping and terrili; (I at wlmt she hud done, all in a little heap on tho gnus below. She lay th.re a moment perfectly btill. She could not catch l.or broalh nt fi:»t, and she ?trembled so that she. euuid not, move ? i Then she crept along ou tiptje to the wo:-d shed. She ran u great risk in opening the wofld-shed door, for ths hinges were'rusty, aud ir. cnaked with a terrible noise. But Hungry was iu tuero. ono couia not go n-iuiuuu liungry. . She went in, and culled .in a t'uint whisper. :'i'he kitten knew her, dark us it wa*, und ran out irotti the wood pile with a joyful mew, io rub its-lf ngiinst her dress. ' We's iiwine to fi:i'e M a«s* liintum, ^ on un' me, Viof two togedfr,1 said June. : . , ' I'ur ! pur-r-r !' snid Hunery, as if she wf ra quite oontent ; and Juno took iior up in. her arme and laughed tot'tly. -'ilow^'buppy they would bo, she and Hungry !— -and how Massa Linknin would sriiilo and wonder wheu ho siw them coming in! -and how Mudanie Joilet would huni, and scold ! ,-. ? . It wai 'vory still and very d .rk. The great treei stood up like giants aguiust the eky, und the wind hbwled hoirsely through them, it made June think of tho bloodhounds that sh* had Been r;!shiug with nuriiDii yeiiscouic swamps, wbore hunted slavo3 were hiding. i'l reckon 'tain'co^'y little ways, Hungry,' Bh'e. said, with a shiver ; ' Wb'jl git clui1 ''ipre long. D«u' ho 'i'raid.' ?J?ur! pur-r-r ,' siid Hungry, Le-tling her. head in warmly under Juiiu'b ai iu, ? 'Speot you . lub mo, Hungry — 'specls you doen ! ' ??-,-'.? And then June laughed o -tsoftly once more. What would Massa, i.inkum any' to t.he titty? Had ho ever seen such a kit'y us that in iill liis life? ??? ' . . ^ , ' k'U Slid i.UtVLvkV tivi til ill!? 1-Aq itnij , «J » *.* «''^'#i u soft fur, und ti;udged away into tha woods, slio begun to sing.u lulle as sho walked, in, that sorrowful, smothered way '.that niafl* Madiimo Joilet angry. Ah, thut wns all over now! There' would bo no mow scolding and bearing, no moro: tire i dnys, no moro terrible nightB spent in. the dark uud lonely eelhir, uo mare going to bed without her supper, and crying herself to sleep. Ma«siv Linkum would iioyer treat hor i-o. Slip never bnco doiibtfd,i:i t!}at; .foolish littlo trusting ' heart others, thatihe would bo glad to see her, and Hungry loo.: Wl'y should she ? 'Was there unj'j ouo in nil tho world who had looked so at poor littlo June? '? -. -'?'. . ?'''?' '? ' ;.''? :'-'; '.; So on and' away, deep into the woods tjnd swamps, she trudged- cheerily '; and'sba sang low to Hungry, aud Bungry purred to hor.' The night passed on and the stars grow palo, the woods deepened and thickened, the swarups were cold and wet, tho brambles scratched hor hands and feet. ' It's jes' obcr horo littlo vrayB, Hungry ' — trying to laugh. 'Wo'llfine him purty soon. I's terrible tired an' — sleepy, Hungry.' ? She sat down then on aheap of leaves to rest, ana laid her he-id down upon her arm, and ; Hungry mewed a little, and curled up in her neck. The neit she I new tho sun was shining-. ?he jumped up frightened and puzzled, and then she remombered where she was, and began to think of broakfaet.' But thero were no be,rries but the jioibocous dog-wood, and nothing else to be 6een but leaves, aud grass, and busheB. i Hungry (.napped up a few grass hoppors, and looked longingly at an unattainable Bquirrel, who waB flyhig from tree top to tree-top ; then . they went slowly on. ' About noou they came to a bit of a brook. '. June scooped the -water in her hands, and , Hungry lapped it with hir pink tongue; Bufc thcro was no dinner to be found, and no sign of Jfassft Linkum ; the sun was like a great ball ; of fire above tbo trce-to^s, aud tho child grow ' faint and weak. 'I didn'f. 'spect it was so fur,' groaned poor June 'But don' yer be 'feard now Hungry. ' 'Pears like we'll fine him berry Boon.' ! Tho Eun wont down, and the twilight came. ' Nothing but th^.-great forest and the swamps -nd the '-. darkening shadows and the long huncrv nicht. June luv down once more on the damp ground where the poisonous snakes hid in the bushes, and hugged Hungry with her weak littlo arms, and tried to speak out bravely.- 'We'll fine him, Hungry, sure, to morrer. He'll jes' opos do door an' lot us right in, he will; an' lie'll ha-i breakfus all ready an' waitinV'penrs like he'll hab a di;h ob milk up in do corner for you now— tink o' dat arr Hungry!' and then the. poor little voice that tried to be so brave broke down into a great sob. ' !-*f I on'y jes' had one little mouthful now, Hungry!— on'y one !' So another night passed, and another morning came. A bitter wind blew from the east that day, and long before noon the rain was falling, dre ry and chilly and sharp. It soaked June'B: feet und ragged drfsa- and pelted in her face. Tho wind blow against her. and whirled about her, and tossed her to and fro — she \n» such a little thing und so weak now and faint.' Just ns the r arly twilight fell from the leaden sky, and the ahudows begun to skulk under the bushes, and the birds gathered to their nests wi'h sleepy twitter, she tripped over a little stone, fell weakly to the ground, and lay still. She had not the strength to get to her feet aguin. But Bomehow June felt neither troubled nor afrnid Phe lay there with her face upturned to the pelting ruin, watching it patter from leaf to leaf, listening to the chirp of tho birds in the nests, listening to the cryingof the wind. She liked the sound. She had a dim motion that it was like an old. camp- meeting hymn that she hnd hoard Creline sing sometimes. She never understood the words, but the music came back like a nreum. She wondered if Muesa Linkum overheard it. Eht thought he looted; like it. Sho should liko to lie there all night and listen to it; and then in the morninc they would go on and find him— in the morning; it would come very soon. The twilight deepened, and tho night came, on. The rain fell faster, end tho sharp wind cried out aloud. ? . ? ? . ? ' ' It's — bory cold,' said June, sleepily, and turned her iwo over to hide it on the kitten'! worm, soft fur. ' G-- o'.mght, Hungry. We'L git dur to- morrer We's mos't dar, Hungry.' Hungry curled up close to her cold, wet check — Hungry did not care how black it was — with -i liiv.nTf nncieannn mon- ? Vint: .Ttitinenid TiMTiirii» more. ..-?'-? Tho rain fell foster, and the sharp wind cried aloud. The kitten woke from a nap, and purred for hei* to stir and speak ! but June said nothing more. Still the rnin fell, aud the wind cried ; and the Ling nielit and iho storm and the darkness passed, and the morning camo. , Hungry stirred under June's arm, and licked hor face, and mowed piteously at her ear. But Juno's arm lay still, uticl .Tune said no word. : oinewhci'e, in a ltind- where there was never slavu and never mistress, where wus no more huiiirrv duv.-t and frishtened nights, littlo June was laughing softly,, arid had found some one to. love her ist lust And so sho did not find MaEea.I.inkiim after all? . : - ? ..: .-...:. , .. ,r: Ah !: — who would have guessed it ?;j ,To that place where June had gone, where there are no masfers and no slaves, iw had gone before her. —Mlhaleth Stuart Phclps, May, 186S. ',_ '.'?' , 