Special War Cablegram. IN reference to that Franco-Samuel trouble-[What. are you giving us ?-ED J ' Beg? pardbriy feoSs'j Here's a fresh start. In reference to that Franco-Chinas trouble, the Marquis Tseng, Chinese ambassador to England, and who was lately over in Paris trying to negotiate with M. Challemel-Lacour in order to smooth over the Tonquin rupture, is wanting Sir ^yjfernon Harcourt to arbitrate between the two countries. FIGA.ho has teceive a private cablegram from- Lon don-which communication he advises the reader to receive with due caution-for moet " special" cable grams are lies, and not even sugar-coated-lies at that! This cablegram states that Tseng has asked Vernon Harcourt to instruct the colonies, and notably Queensland, to shunt all the colonised wielders of chop-sti(iks back again without delay to the flowery land of Confucius. The Government at Pekin will pay all expenses, and, in the meantime, His Most . Celestial Chiow Chow, the Emperor of all the Chinas, is addressing an affectionate appeal to all his subjects out of China to come back and be killed. . This intelligence is too gladdening, except to the immediate worshippers of Queensland's political Baal -the " easy controller" of Chinese. What a whoop of joy would burst right through this land," if this news were true! i But, alas ! as I warned the reader at the start, the authority for it is a 'f special5' cablegram, which is almost bound to be a " special" lie. Germany, at the' tip e of the Franco-Prussian war, recalled her country men from abroad. It is, hbwever, unfortunate . that the * Boss Chinaman has such a lot of subjects that he can spare a few millions as targets for French Chassepotsw Suppose we "argue" with the " child-like and bland" fan tan players, and pig- stye dwellers of Albert Street, and point out to them how much cheaper and wiser it would be for them to return home in search of glory, than to have to pay for the carriage of their stinking btnes tp their Fatherland, after their decease in this country. Suppose we argue with good solid arguments-No. 9 boots. Eh, Sam? .. THE latest general put-out in the line of Spiritualis tic cheap advertising is a yarn about the Czar of Russia. . Alick is said to have desperately funked .his coronation all along, until some one persuaded him to send over to London for a celebrated spirit-medium. The medium was a lady, which was, doubtless, sooth ing and satisfactory to Alick's feelings. She was an American lady, which authenticates the story ; and her name isn't stated, which clinches it. Haying thus cleared away all doubts, let me proceed. The lady-medium held a private seance with the Czar. Each went into a fifc. Alick said hie saw the ghosts of a few millions of dead Siberian exiles, and was like to faint at what he considered a retribution of Nemesis. The American lady, thereupon, declared that id her vision she saw the ghost of Alick.'s murdered sire. She didn't state whether he was in pieces as the dynamite left him, but represented him as wearing a benign countenance, and going through the pantomime of drinking her health in vodka. He then mysteri ously acquainted her soul with thp fact that it was all right. In the, sight of heaven,, all Siberian and other State murders had been wiped out by his assassination-no,- his martyrdoim. Alick could shove along and grease the track to more Siberian horrors. He then named the day. That was the lady-medium's yarn. Alick was so pleased that; heyankeid along the .Moscow ceremony, and, after it was,safely over, paid the lady-medium seventy-nine million .roubles, and made her .General of the Russian Steppes. True as gospel. THE word Suzerainte is likely to be again brought forward. The Chows claim Suzerainte oyer Tonquin. The last time the word was in prominence, was when Gladstone stated that Britain held Suzerainte over the Transvaal. He was asked point-blank the meaning of the. word, and refused to explain it. Figaeo will, though. It means that the Suzerain won't" bother a bit about'you if you keep quiet and do; what1 you're told; and that no one else shall interfere with you, if he chooses to say you shan't. If he likes to " let you rip," of course he can. That's all about it. The inhabitants of Anam, where the trouble is just now, are chiefly remarkable for their abominable laziness and the rfpulsiveness of their appearance. The Chinese are oeautitul cdnipared to them. ' 