ECHOES OP MELBOURNE .[By The Ghost.] Oct. 20. The poet's averment that 'the course of true love ne'er runs ? smooth' is in . a large degree applicable to the week's | proceedings in the Legislature. In the Council, where the second reading of the Mining on Private Property. Bill was agreed to without a division, one of the: most important provisions of the measure was excised in Committee, and it is now doubtful whether, unless theUpper House ; recants, the Government will not abandon . the bill or hand it over to Mr. Cuthbert, the mover of the amendment, , to be dealt with. In the Assembly, too, business has been sadly interrupted by Mr. Gaunson, who is' suffering from ' stonewall' on the brain, in a most viru lentform. TTot, despite these little con tretemps, a fair amount of work has been done. The Railway Management Bill, which at one time threatened to' become a 'bone of contention between the two , chambers, has been passed, both Houses j making' wise concessions, and 'the Customs Laws Consolidation' Bill has , also become lawi During their two ; sittings the Council also advanced one or two minor matcers a stage, and cleared the notice, paper. In .the Assembly, the useless opposition notwithstanding, . fair progress has 'been made, and when the .Post-office and Water Conservation Bills ' have been dealt with', and .the Local Government Act talked out, there is nothing to prevent Mr. Service from bringing in the Appropriation Bill, arid \ allowing the chosen guides, philosophers and ' friends of the people,' to'depart in peace for a long recess, and allow weary gallery men to be at rest. The approach of the annual Victorian carnival is evidenced by the number of strange faces to be seen in the streets of Melbourne. ' Youug men from the country ' are to bo met with at every turn, and the displays in the shop windows are the centres of attraction of groups of young ladies, the cut of whose garments unmistakably stamps them. as. unaccustomed frequenters of ' the block.' In a fortnight's time lodgings will be at a premium in Melbourne, and a 'shake down' on a billiard table be estimated a: sybarite couch. , If things go on at the present rate there will ere lone; be very fevy' secular news papers in Victoria. Not satisfied with* writing in the, journals devoted to the furtherance of their several 'isms,' the; parsons are fast monopolising the leading columns of the daily Press. Were they to work as amateurs' there would not be much cause for complaint. But it is, rather rough on professional Pressmen toj be jostled in the field of literature by those who, if they did their work pro- . perly, would only labour in the vineyard of the Lord. The Melbourne Presbytery have held their adjourned meeting during the week, and after a short debate, during which fewer sharp personalities than; generally characterise the meetings of this reverend body were indulged in, re mitted the further consideration of the case of Mr. Strong and the Scots Church to. the General Assembly. In all proba bility the 'delinquent' will hot ' be there to see.' the upshot of the affair. He will have sailed for home, perhaps a wiser, but certainly a richer man, by the. two thousand guineas his' friends have subscribed.' ' . Mr. Bent could, were he so disposed,: give an autobiographical /sketch illustrat ing how rapidly fortune's whuel revolves. A iyear ago he was the best abused iiidi-; vidual in the community. The Kensing ton Hill 'job,' as his detractors styled it, had covered him with eternal obloquy. All sorts of old stories'of his 'doinga'.when rate collector for Brighton were rak'ed'.iip' to his detriment: ' Now he' is to be feted previous to ! his departure on his trip to India, and to be presented with a service! of plate ! So1 wags the world! ;..,: ' ,., The wool-growera' have commenced .to; reap their;' harveB\H;he. first sale of 'thV season haying 'been: held' .at 'M^ssrs.j G'oldsb'ro:ugh|s ; I's'toreJ on' Wednesday 'after-] nooh.''V From' /p'resbjit^ appeMah'ces';!ineir| prospects'' look qmte'las rftsy l'&i; those of; the farmers. The clip is an unusually heavy one, . and most satisfactory, prices were realised, numerous foreign buyers were present, and the biddings through out, were most spirited. As many persons at first surmised, the sensational tale of the gross immorality prevailing in the State schools of the colony, and ? more especially in those in the country districts, turns out to be a much exaggerated story. The Rev. D. T. Hatner is evidently one of thoso 'nioe men with a nasty mind' ready to lend a willing ear to Boandals affecting the morality of this wicked world. -The statements made by the reverend gentle man are not, after all, of the very sensa tional nature some persons feared and others hoped they would prove. After all, Mr. Hamer's evidence turns out to bo based on mere hearsay, and like the well known yarn of the three black crows,' to have grown in the telling. In Victoria boys will be boys, and girls develop. femi- nine propensities, just as in other, parts of the world ; and when overgrown hobble-de-hoys and, 'sweet seventeen', foregather the natural consequence! is a flirtation — more or less innocent, according to circumstances.. There is, however, to be '» searching investi gation,' when no doubt something piquant will be dished up for the delec tation of the quid nuncsi If anything very highly spiced is expected, there wiUj however, be disappointment. The rumours are for .the greater part- the ? echoes , of former stories of scholastic impropriety' for whioh the delinquents, whose duty it is to ' teach the young' idea ; how, to Bhoot,' have already been brought: to book. The scandal is only a ; re-hash after all. . '??, ? -: ? ?''??'?? '.'?;. The calm that proceeds the storm reigns in theatrical matters. The storm-rrof novelties— rwill burst during , ; Gup : week; No change has taken place at any of the theatres, with the exception of the Prin cess, where 'La Belle; Helene,' ;has elbowed out the.,f Grand Duohess..? Visitors ? are, ho we ver, making ; : 'their presence felt, and- the .dress circles no lop^er remain tenantless, or filled only with people who remind you of ' angels' visits,' so 'few, and far between' are they. The houses where the operatic performances are going: on- are the most liberally patronised. Evidently musio has charms. which not only- 'soothe the savage breast' but the pastoral and agricultural bosom of the strangers to our metropolis aiso. everyone now-a-days is more or less a musioian. And.it would '.be ,a matter for surprise were it not so, witli the increased facilities for the cultivation of the 'divine art' -which- 'modern enter prise has placed at our disposal. A new musical journal, in monthly numbers, is now published, in: London, and may, bo prooured in Melbourne at Glen's, which, not only deals with musical subjects in a popular manner, but with each number gives a well- printed original part song op.1 anthem. The price of eaoh number amounts only to the very moderate- sum of twopence. The marvel is 'how it can be done for the money.' No excuse is now left to anyone -to remain in ignorance of an art which has been well styled 'the language of love.' , . ; , 