{Original §tor^>. All Rights Reserved. VIOLET MATLAND. Chapter II (Continued.) BY Feank LVKN. " That is what it is always called. Soon after Maud Mayland's deatb, lier father died, aud in a few .months his only son was killed, just a few days before Lis twin sons were born. They were named Bobert and Hugh; and both grew up handsome, passionate men, spoiled by their mother, and feared by everyone else. At last the brothers fell iu love with the same girl, and in a fit of passionate anger, llobert killed his brother, because the girl liked him the best. The deed was done one dark night in the 4 Murderer's Glade,' and tlie body buried under one of the beech trees. Jiobert gave out that Hugh had gone away and that he would not be home for some time. No one troubled about his absence, as he was in the habit-of wandering a great deal, and a warlike spirit, and he was soon almost forgotten. After some years Bobert married the girl, but soon after his marriage, reports spread about that on a particular night of eadh month, a ghost was seen walking up and down under the beech trees. Eemorse and fright combined drove Bobert mad, and after confessing about the murder he hung himself upon the same beech tree; under which he had buried his brother. Ever since then the avenue has been called the ' Murderer's Glade' and. never .used, but a fresh oue was formed where it still remains." "The old avenue is much the finer of the two." " Yes, but I always shudder when I pass through it-. The idea of a niau murdering his own brcither is so horrible. I always feel afndd of the ' Murderer's Glade ' though I fear nothing else," aud Violet shud lered. " Have you any more legends to tell me P " " If you care to hear them, we have numbers; Nearly every old tree or place lias a story about it "in Maylands, but have you seen the haunted gallery P " " A ever." Oh then you must see it. Some of the portraits are very good, and by fam ous painters. But 1 I forgot your sister will think me verv very rude, in leaving her all this time." No indeed she won't," laughed Captain Temple, knowing well his sister's love for flirtation in any shape or form, "and now we are on the subject of legendc, I am anxious to see this haunted gallery, and hear more about this quaint old house." "Then we will gb, but first we must get a light, but that can be got as we go through the Hall. It will look very ghastly by candle light, so I hope your nerves are very good now, and have quite recovered the shock of that light in the West wing," and Violet laughed gaily, as she re-entered the drawing room, through which they had to pass to gain the Hall. . Violet took up two of the lighted candles and handing one to Captain Temple said,—" You must carry one, Captain Temple, for the gallery is so large and dim, that we will .be able to see nothing with only one candle*,.,. Hut we. will pui them out, and have the first look at the gallery by moonlight. The moon will shine directly into the room through the unshuttered windows. I will tell you the legend as we go, it is connected with the Temples as most of our legends are, I wonder if they are your ancestors, Captain Temple P" " I can't tell. Ours is an old family, but we have lost all our estates, so I do not know anything about my ancestors. I doubt whether.it has ever eutcred my head to enquire where they came from, or to what country they originally be- longed." " How strange of you. I almost live in my ancestors, I know every story that is told of tliem, and everything that it is )ossible to find out.- But-now for the Eegends. The "Temples and Maylands were great foes, and during one of their quarrels, a Temple came here, and was taken prisoner, of feourse it was against the laws, but the, Maylands were very rich and so could easily buy themselves off if they happened to get in any fix, through breaking them, so they did not trouble to obey them. He .refused to^o something his ^ captor wished, and the latter in anger stabbed him till he died. The deed was done at the further end of the gallery, and some dark brown stains are said to have been caused by the murdered man's blood. They Fay that he always appears when 'any misfortune is going to happen to our family, his face beaming with joy, but if anything' good is going to happen lie appears the picture of sorrow and despair. But here we are. The gallery extends the length of the East wing, and though not half so much dreaded as the West, wing, no servant will enter after nightfall But now I will open the door. It is always locked, as you see," so saying*-;^ife'< unlocked the door, and throwing it opementered, Temple following elose tw her. —It was a long dim room lighted only • by thjy moonlight^ .which streamed in at the windows, and threw long ghostly. bands of li^ht across the floor, ana upon the portraits which lined theoppositeiridli ? - " Together they, paced- down, the long gallery but when they reached the end, Violet struck a match and. b'glited the candles saying as "she. did so, "We had better return to the "pud nearest the door, as the oldest portraits are there." When they had retraced their 'steps Violet continued, " These are all Sir Roberts and Sir Hughs.. We always have the same name, generation after feneration. They are all .handsome fair paired men, but . these first portraits are very dim and dark from-age." " Still you can see what fine- looking men they were," observed Captain Tem- )le, as he looked at them by the dim jght of the candle he held, " But who is this P" he added, stopping in front of a portrait, " It might be your portrait, you are so alike, if only the hair were a few shades darker, it would be your exact it," replied Violet, glancing at the portrait, "is the Maud Mayland who uttered the curse. Since she- died none of the Maylands have had a daughter till myself. This is her brother next, and these two are his sons. This one with the scowl is the one that murdered his brother in the * Murderer's Glade.' As Violet spoke she moved on, and stopped before a portrait nearly the last in the line, and added; " This is my father, he was drowned coining across to America to fetch us, so we have never seen him.. There is the portrait of my mother, but she was very pretty and fair. This next is mine." But before she could add any more both the candles went out. Temple laughed but his laugh died away, for just before him stood the image of himself, only dressed in a quaint old- fashioned dress. The figure remained quite still only gradually over its face spread a' smile, as if of joy, and then pointing to some marks at its feet it disappeared." " Violet!" ex laimed Temple, " do not look so scared," asiie caught sight other" face, from which every scrap of color had 1 fled. " It is the Temple ghost! Oh light the candle," gasped VidleL When they were lighted Violet said, " Oh! Captain Temple, was it imagination, or did you see it P" " Yes, I saw it." " It was the image of yourself." "Yes, I was astonished at the likeness," and Captain Temple laughed, to re-assure Violet, But - scarcely had his laugh died away, when the form again appeared, and doing exactly the same thing again disappeared. This time Violet hid her face on Captain Temple's arm," It will appear again, she cried, and again the form appeared aud disappeared as before. Has it gone F" cried Violet. " Yes, Violet, but child do not tremble so, I thought you were brave." " So I am, but this is horrible." " Well, never mind now, but I must see this again by day-light., I" expect someone has been trying to terrify us for amusement. But now we' had better leave this pltice. Do not mind my arm being still around you, "for yon tremble so, that 1 am afraid to withdraw it, besides it wiU be some protection against my ghostly double.' A Temple would hardly interfere with" a Teuiplo." and he laughed gaily to set Violet at ease. " Oh please don't .laugh," shuddered Violet, " I feel so terrified. Well, I won't laugh any more, but come along, we have seen quite enough of the haunted gallery, for one evening. Come, we will have some more music, and leave legends. Si,"., for daylight in future, as ilie gliosis seem determined to convince us of their presence still in their 'old haunts." But not iiutil they reached the drawing room door did Temple remove his arm from around Violet. " Where have you been yon truants P " exclaimed Mrs. liaynes, as they entered the room. "Wc have been admiring the moon for one thing, and then Miss Mnviand has been telling some, of the legends attached to this quaint old place, and of course we had to visit the haunted gallery by moonlight. You ought to see it,. Maud." ".Me! " exclaimed ' Mrs. Baynes, in horror, " no thanks, I liavo no wish to visit the haunts of ghosts by moonlight. I hope your, curiosity was gratified. I am sure Miss Mayland looks white enough to have seen a dozen ghosts." "I am always pale, Mrs. Kaynes," calmly replied Violet, as she crossed the room, ana sat down by Mrs. Prince's side. I Mrs. Prince was a gentle good-natured woman, and strange to say, had more power over tho wayward Violet than anyone else. I thiiik her gentleness and great love for the wilful girl was the true cause of this power. "Really, I always had a olor like a milk-maid," and Mrs. Bayncs plat idly stroked her cheek; Violet nearly laughed for her sharp eyes had already delected the rouge on that. lady's cheeks, but she only observed with a smile. " Yes, you have a pretty color; how I wish I had as much, but no amount of exercise would give it to me I am sure." Mrs. llaynes looked up suddenly and sharply as if she detected the sajreasm in the words, but Violel's face was no placid, and her voice so sweet, that she lowered her eyes a^ain thinking that she must have been mi.-taken. Captain Temple n<>w claimed Violet for some music, and she had no course but to comply, though she would have much rather spent the rest of the evening at Mrs. Prince's side. " I cannot sing," she Baid as she went, to the piano, " but I will try and play if • possible. At present I do not-feel in the mood for anything." " Never mind, anything will do, it does not matter at all what. But I was afraid to leave you and my sister together any longer, you were beginning to get sarcastic. You can be that, yon know. Now play, and get Rome color into your pale face if you can." Violet sealed herself at the piano, and ed sweet dreaming waltzes, while 'cmple watched her expressive face, and puzzled over the strange mixture that she was, so mannish at some times, and yet such a thorough woman at others, - with all the clinging tenderness of a Woman one mim.t", ai<d t en breaking, cut into calm self-willed independence. Of the two, munlike lie preferred the first, and yet; he would not have had her without the other for anything, though he did lecture her about her wild wayward ways, and as often as not ended in being offended by her laughing indifferently at his lectures. But soon he left off dunking, if it were possible to do that, and -became intent on matching the changing face before him, which had become very expressive under the influence of music. In her love for harmony she had forgotten all. The room was empty for ell the thought she gave to its occupants, and her music drifted from one thing to another, now slow and .low like the distant murmuring of tbe waves or the wind through the firs, and then swelling in triumphant tones till the air seemed alive with joyous harmony. Temple listened till he could stand it no longer. Passionately fond of music, it had a peculiar charm for. him, and undor ijts influence he forgot everything else, but- now the spell was in o strong and he broke it by' asking abruptly. " Who taught "you to compose Miss.Mayland P." . Nature," was tlie only answer as Violet.played on. .-. , . - Then nature has, proved a clever mistress, for your harmony is perfect. .Can you follow out an idea in music P" Yes, I think so, give me a subject and I will try, only do not give me too difficult a one, and don't laugh if I do not succeed." .. : , ;rj.- Will sorrow do P Sorrow for theloss - of someone loved and lost.*' "A requiem?" " Yes, can you do it?" Her only answer was 'to Bhut her eyes -and let her fingers stray over die notes, as if gathering her thoughts t gether, and then siie-commenced. Sad and low came . the soft full notes, b'ke the fuint sigh of weary pain, then fuller though soft and sadder still, at last breaking into -a wail of sorrows To Temple's eyes the room seemed dark, and the air oppressed, even the flirts in the distant part of the room, ceased their chattering against their will, and listened in spite c f themselves. It touched even Mrs. Baynes, hardened flirt as she was, and made her even wish that her life had been nobler, purer. Bob too felt its influence. As she played on, the room seemed filled with sorrowing beings, but on and on played Violet, until Temple's eyes filled with tears, and then with a burst of joyous melody, which spoke of another world, and the joy of e re-united, she finished. " I cannot realize it fully " she said " I have never lost anyone 1 loved better than life, or else I could do it better." To be Continued. 