A CATHOLTC REFUSING TO SWEAR ON THE PROTESTANT BIBLE. During the hearing of a private case in the Nottingham police court a few days ago (aays the Catholic Times, September 7th), the following incident occurred :-— A girl about seventeen years old was called as chief witness. When she appeared in the witness box a Bible was given to her on which to take her oath. After examining the book she said : ' Gentlemen, this book belongs to the Church of England, I presume ? — Ma- gistrate : Yes. — Witness : Then I decline to take my oath upon this book. —Magistrate : Why? Ave you an Atheist, or to what denomination do you belong ? Witness : Indeed, gentlemen, 1 am no Atheist ; I am a Roman Catholic. — Magistrate : Well, I have never heard of a Roman Catholic raising an objection before. Yfhy, many have taken their oaths on this Bible, and Dr. Hynes has taken it over fifty times. Witness : I am not Dr. Hynes, and I shall decline to take the oath upon that book,— Magistrate : Why, that Bible contains the gospels and epistles ap proved and appointed to be read in all the churches and chapels in England. Witness : Gentlemen, in all your churches and chapels but not in mine. — The magistrates then said they could not take her evidence. — She was turning to go away, but Mr. Black, who appeared for the case, said she was his best witness, and the case could not go on without her. — Magistrate (to witness): What Bible will you take your oath on? — Witness : On a Roman Catholic Doiaay Bible. Unless I have one I will not take my oath on any other. — Witness then left the hall for about a quarter of an hour, when she whs again called in. — Witness : I still object to take my oath upon this book. — Magistrate : I have never heard such an objection, only by a Presbyterian, who claimed his form of affirmation. — Witness : Then I, as a Roman Catholic, claim to affirm. — Magistrate .- What form of affirmation will you give that what you say is true ?— -Witness : 1 will affirm that what I say is true by the sign of the Cross, in the name of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. — Magistrate : Then hold the Bible in your hand and make the sign of the Cross. — Witness : Gentlemen, I will not hold the book as a Catholic. It would not bind me. £ must have my own true version of the Bible or I will not take the oath. I will not kiss any other book. — Magistrate : What can we do in this case, gentlemen ? You see the witness refuses to take the oath on this Bible. We must get one from her bishop. This case will be adjourned until ten o'clock next Monday, when there will be a proper Bible ready for this witness to take her oath. 