S. - .? ,1 oveIt .t. 'A STRANDED SHIP, i:. 5A STORY OF SEA AND SHORE.; : BY. LCLAEK: OLARKE DAVIL. "If the red slayer thilnks he slays, . Or if the slain thinks lie is slain, S.Thep knoe:not well the subtle ýways'?a '" Ikcepeand pass, and tens again." BAirn Wsase Esenser.. (Cos\rnuEDu.) 'Now staggeringbeneathandmountingtrium- I phantly agaen to the surface of the, waves, i rearing and plunging -like a horse unused to goading and feeling whip and spur for the firs t time, the yacht sailed on ; when, fromthe wrecking station,below aboutwhichwreckers. Sand fishermen had gathered in haste to watch f the adventurous craft, a signal was run up. " Mfake half apointsouth," it said. Instantly the achtwas squared away as indicated, when, : oming full before the wind, her jib-sheets were torn away one by one, the top-sail shivered for a moment in the gale and then was ripped out, and fluttered away like a I cloud; yet, all unmindful of the wreck above .* and below, the man at the helm kept her bow that half a point south, for there lay the nar row inlet, dangerous and uncertain in fairest weather, as its breakers roared and broke, but ý ft gmosta hopeless chance. i . are ? nt-nhel?d'-thie -rofessor's arz?,with a fierce grip. " Will the man make the inlet?" she asked. "Is he sureto doit? " sl "I don'tknow;- it isa poor chance," the el Professor said. "But why more anxiety for that handsome, daring devil at the helm than ti for the two or three other men there, Mar- h : garet? ". SCan you look at the different men, and t ask that ? He stands erect, head and shoulders ii above them all. From here you can see the a coward-look in their shrinking figures, but v there is none in his. He is not careless of his v 'life; he is bending every nerve and muscle to C \- save himself and them, and yet, when he will g be within a single moment of his death, he o will not more certainly lookit in the face than he is doing now. . Why should I not give my . sympathy to the brave man instead of to the t cowards there? :' , ,..Because, Margaret, the cowards there smnay have wives and childreh at home; and e that fellow has none, or he would give this a lee-shore a wide berth." Then a cloud of suspicion or doubt fell be tween these twivd that had never been there be- f fore,.and.they. walked on down the beach r to, the inlet in silencewhich neither cared. to disturb. ..The Professor was annoyed and s vexed by the girl's interest in this stranger, who guided his boat among the breakers with d .such free and skilful daring; and she, f too,.was annoyed that the Professor, always before just and generous, should withhold any I credit from the brave fellow out there, strugg ling so grandly for life. Yet what could it matter to the old Pro fessor for whom she interested herself? Were not his loves and romances away back there among the dead Hellenicfables ? Hehad said I so; yet the man's heart beat uneasily when he I " w this girl, whom he had grown to consider t basecry own by every tie of gratitude and . affetotog, bestowing her, sympathy and show n ng deep geling for another, and that other a Stranger; .diply seen as yet far out at sea. He had forgotten, in his annoyance at J .iargaret, to watch the course of the yacht, r . when a sharp cry from her suddenly drew his attention to the struggling boat. An ugly squall had struck her at an imminent mo ment, tearing out the deck fastenings, which a held the main-sail square away, and in an in * stant it was flung aloft, caught by the gale, t and wound about and around the pliant mast, I which bent like steel. Top-sails and jibs and c esaani?ail were gone, and nothing left but the -oresaiM now, which, in the flawy gale, threat- 1 -" eed momentarily to jibe, in which case all 1 previous efforts would be rendered futile. But r the blue-coated sailor at the helm held the-. a little vessel on her course as undaunted as if -he knew every drop of water under him. The c roar anl thunder of the surf were too deep for t those on shore to hear his voice, but from his gestures they knew that he was giving orders 8 which were not obeyed by the demoralized r The yacht was of twelve feet beam, while a the entrance to the inlet was barely twenty g reei in all. So that even in ease the sailor's a quiek eye detected the very centre of the i ,channel, be would have scarcely four feet of I neater on either gunwale. Captain Browc? stood among his men, who, d resting on the sides of the life-boats, keenly. a . watched the daring sajlor. I ' She never ken make it, Cap'en Brown; t af he lun, sh'll jibe, an' ef he don't luff, that I bit of canvas 'ill go by the wind," said a t .emoky-skinned, wheezy-voiced old fellow at. the Captain's side. "Well now, I don't know about that, t ? illiam. Its's oncertain. You see, that young fellow's peart, he is, and he's got true grit, an' he's plucky, an' he's got a clear eye an a steady, cool hand, an' he wouldn't sur prise if he won, after all," the Captain drawled out, sententiously. The yacht had approached the mouth of .the seething hell of the breakers that already sprang at her. bows and leaped upon her deck, when shelurched to leeward, and her fore-sail, which hitherto had stood the fury of the gale S" nsg~thed,' parted from boom to gaff, and I .directly was only a flaunting mass of ribbons i in theV14 4 t The life-boots were hurriedly run down to the shore, as quickly manned, and a dozen. brawny fishermen stood by, ready to launch t them when the little,e Cat struck the bar. But ?he did sot strike at all. She was suddenly out hard .to windward, the gale caught a few yards of the main-sail still unfurled about the 1 peak, she obeyed the hand at the helm, and while the eager crewel looked on and held 1 their breath while a hundred seconds might be told off, the yacht lifted up her bow again, atrutiek the crest of the last defeated breaker. I plunged and rose. and plunged and rose, andi th'e ne4t instant sailed quietly into the unemfled surface of the river. . S-Without any seeming haste or excitement she was battened down; after some trunks and baggage were brought upfrom below, her .hsttered sails were furled, her rigging cut away, her desks cleared, her yawl was laun ched, the luggage stowed into it, and thean the crew and. the.blue-cooated sailor ?aded'.. ' He was met by the wrecking-master, who extended his braway hand in token of wel come and fellowship for the old fellow had been a sailor before the other was porn. " Thanks for your timely signal, Captain. The little Argo would scarcely have brought us safely to shore without it; and in that case the golden fleece would have been alto gether lost to me, I am afraid." " I dunno about that fleece, Cap'en, but I do know you've just saved your bacon, and although I say it to your face, which I shouln't, you're a brave fellow, and I'd like to shake hands agen if you doh't mind it; also, while you're here, I'd like it mightily if 'you'd make my house your own, just to stay at or come and go to, as you like ; a bed's better kor a hammock any time, and similarly, dry land better nor water; but," said the Cap tain, "why in thunder did you, a peart enough sailor, as I've seen to-day, run onto a lee-shore in a nor'-easter? " " The last thing first, then, Captain. The yacht has settled six inches since she crossed that last breaker; that strained and ham mered her to death; but she was sinking be fore the gale came on, and I ran on ale-shore, Othinking only of beaching her as a desper, ate chance for life; just then I saw your inlet here, made for it, and got my course by your signal, and here I am, and there's my hand, and I will take your bed, and again a thou sand thanks to you for my safety." "You ought to thank God for it, young man; for when the sea rose up to swallow you alive, it was His hand, sliot mine, that parted the waters and delivered you." "I do thank God," the sailor said, "with all my heart, my friend, and-" Something just then blanched the brave young fellow's face whiter than the threatened death out there had done. What was it? What -had stopped the ready current of his talk, cut ting short his speech? What was it that made' his hand tremble up to his mouth in ?h?nt weak, uncertain way ? Not anything in the old Captain's manner; not the soft, brown eyes of the girl, timidly bent upon him;'not the quiet, controlled eyes of the man on whose arm she leaned. Yet, for a hurried moment, he was cowed, as no mere physical danger could have done; he seemed to the girl to have suddenly lost his height of stature and bravery of bearing; to shrink and tremble before the man at her side. She looked alternately into their faces for an answer to his curious behaviour; but when she turned to the Professor, the usual grave, reticent smile was on his lips, and if the two men had everinct before, there was no sign of it in the Professor's eyes, which looked dully into the eyes of the sailor, absent of meaning When, still perplexed at the unsolved riddle; she turned again to the other man, he was shaking hands gayly enough with the 9ld wrecking-master; then he gave some direc tions quietly and coolly to his crew about his luggage and the sinking yacht. His face was turned fully toward her, and she noticed that the pallor and fright were gone from it; that his manner was easy and pos sessed; that, as he looked toward her, there was a bright, boyish smile in his eyes ; and when Captain Brown presented Mr. Luke Conneor to her and the Professor, the two men gravely saluted each other after the fashion of gentlemen, and she noticed the bits of talk succeeding had nothing different in them -from other bits of talk likely to chance be tween two intelligent persons when intro duced to each other. "We must congratulate you on your escape," the Professor said. "Your vessel is sinking, I think you told the Captain." " Yes, she leaked badly before, but that last thumping she got in the inlet was too much for her. She will be gone in an hour, if she is not already aground.' " Then," said Margaret, her rare, sweet smile mocking the gravely spoken words, " I am afraid the modern Jason will have all the dangers of the voyage and pursuit, without finding the treasure he seeks." - Luke Connor looked far out to sea as the girl, stopped speaking, as if he weighed the dangers he had passed, before he answered her. " I am not so sure of that," he said presently. "The gods of to-day, I fancy, are as vigilant and strong as those older ones; indeed; I am not sure they are not the same, and who knows that they did not send the New- Argo there, to this shore, knowing that here the modern Jasen might find what he sought ? Adventurers are sailing to-day over every sea in search of it; oneis hunting it in the mines of California or Australia, another in India or Japan, but everybody is hunting it some where. 'I think the golden flece of to-day is only another name for happiness, and I am as likely to find it here as elsewhere." The man's voice had grown low and solemn and prophetic, and the girl, noticing his changed manner, looked at him curiously. If then he had given one bold glance into the -pure brown eyes before him, or had dared to cast a single admiring look at her, or at the bright masses of the golden hair, waving so luxuriantly about her neck and face, she would have caught the hidden sense of his meaning, and- if she had, she would have avoided him forever -ater. But his eyes did not once meet hers, they being still bent far out at sea; and the girl, too simple and true to be suspicious or to take alarm, only simply wondered where, among the melancholy groves of that grim shore, the golden prize might hang. But the Professor, quicker of thought than she, and more suspicious too, knew that Mar garet had cpriously attracted Luke Connor, au~t that the tawny hair floating about her form typified to the recklesssailorJason'sfab led fleece. The Argo had settled at flood tide, but her deck still showed above the surface of the shallow river. "'Shelies safe enough there," Luke said. " If you think her traps worth the trouble, she is yours to dismantle, Captain Brown, but her hull is sprained and thumped to pieces." He looked back regretfully at the sunken wreck. They had been good friends together, the haen and his boat. If, as he said, the golden fleece was only another name for happiness, he had sought that in many places in his ycht. They had shared a good many dangers, ~iyed true, brave lives together, strog gling and wrestling with tempest and sea, and now the old Argo lay there iB that hole of a river, sunk and worthless. It had been a bttler life than any he knew on shore. That was a lever of dissipation, a round of pleasure that was unwholesome and vile. The only love he knew there was the love that hehad bought. The lips that kissed thepure brow of Psyche, had kised no purelips since ; the hand made bloody on .that long-ago com mencement' night had never been clear again, he morbidly fancied. Yet inevery hour of this man's plunges into vice' and wretched ness, his true, nobler self cried out for some thing better-for.the sweet, manly life he had once known-for friendship and love. But he knew that men looked coldly on him; that fathers of pure girls never asked him to their houses; that, mixed with the sincerest interest men ever showed him, there was more than one hef morbid curiosity. He knew, when he met his former friends face to face, that if they goticed him at all, which few did, they were quietv vodering, as they passed on their opposite way, 0loq murdserer most feel; what must be the daily life of a span who has escaped hsingr what diste?g?.ed faenies of temurdered..viotim tortured hims. y night. If he could have answered them at all, he would have said that no thought of beins hanged, that no ghost of the dead man who had wronged his sister, ever came to him by day or night. But while no ghost ever haunted him, sleeping or' waking, the awful crime of which his soul stood guilty was like a second self, clinging close as his skin, urg ing him forever into the Lethe of riot and dis sipation. He only lived to forget, to get rid for awhile of himself; and the pity of it all was; that under the crust of vice that was on it, there was a true, manly, noble self, full of generous impulses, capable of heroic achieve. ments, worthy of good men's honor and affectionate regard; but indeed it was true, he had buried it all very deep, so that men went on remembering his crime, after they should have forgiven and forgotten the actors in it. While the men whom he had known in that old, happier time placed a gulf, impossible to bridge over, between him and them, it was curious that women and little children, with their pure, unerring instincts, came close to and loved the man. It might have been partly his genuine, hearty manner, or his superb beauty, alive and magnetic with health and strength, or his free thought and free speech that beguiled them and won their hearts; but whatever it was women and chil: dren had been very tender of his faults and loving of Luke Conner. As he walked- beside Margaret Daunton from the beach to the farm-house, his in stincts telling him how pure and gentle a woman she was, his sense showing him how beautiful and intelligent she was, he felt as he had never done before; his crime weighed heavily upon him, and he knew with deadly certainty that the once sweet waters of life that he had muddied, he must drink to the end; that a pure woman, saintly in thought l and deed, was not for him to gather to his breast. Other-men; with clean hands and un sullied name, might strive to win, and some one marry her; but he alone was shut out and under the ban. In that same hour, if the old Argo, lying a sunken, worthless wreck in the river there, could have been made seaworthy again, he would have plunged once more.into the breakers with her, no matter how the bar threatened, nor what storms prevailed or winds blew. Better the sudden death out yonder, than to live to' bear this girl's re proach. It was not that she had already be come essential to him, but it was natural that a man cut off from white bread for many long years, should loathe the black loaf for ever held to his lips, and hunger for the other; or that a barefooted beggar, passing the boundaries of a fair domain, should pause for a while to behold' how fair it was, and then to wish that the title to it should be made clear to him and his heirs forever; especially natural would it seem-if the'beg gar's tastes fitted him to enjoy such an estate. He, Luke Conner, was the man who had eaten only of the black bread of bought, vicious pleasures, whose nature cried out hun grily for better food; he we the barefooted beggar, gazing over the wall of a beautiful domain, whose fruitful acres stretched away to the sea and sky-line-a- wall which he might never cross, lest the cry of the keeper be raised against him, and he be hunted down. He felt that he was not a man while he could not say to this girl's mother, " Give me your child, for Ilove her." Other men might go to her, telling the reverential love they felt, but he never might. He could never do that; his hands were bloody; and if it were right for the State, or Justice, to take life at all, he had no right to his life even. It had been saved, and the State, or Justice, cheated out of it by a quib ble, a lawyer's shrewd eloquence, or the whini of a soft-hearted jury; so he felt that he bore his life even under a false pretence, and that it had been forfeited long ago. Yet no man loved life better than he loved his. It was sweet and good to him from the rising to the setting of the sun; and no man would have fought more desperately to preserve it, if a struggle came. But it could never be a man's full life, he thought, unless he might love and marry as other men could. He knew the danger before him when it was only an hour old, but he did not flee from it. Let the surly keeper come, he said; but he would first see the beautiful fields, the long, dim paths, the friendly shadows of the trees, smell the fragrance of the flowers-and hear the songs of birds and plash of fountains, Let the keeper come; the beggar would have climbed the wall and seen with his own eyes how broad and fair the landscape was, and as he was turned out again to wander over the rough highways, eating his black bread, what he had seen and heard would be a pleas ant and happy memory to him forever. So, Luke Connor resolved to linger for a day or two, with the beautiful woman, under the old wrecking-master's roof, and then he would go back to the love that could be bought and pleasures that bury self and bring forgetful ness. But he never would forget, that he had seen Margaret Daunton, and that, for a day or two, he had stood up before her, ac counted worthy of her regard and honor. But he did not go after a day or two, nor yet after many days. He,. too, after long, rough years, sat-down by the sweet waters and ate of the blissful lotus, which brought" dreamful case and forgetfulness of crime and trouble. . He sent to town to have his horses brought down, he discarded his • sailor's suit, and robed himself bravely, as a man does who wishes to appear at his best in the eyes of the woman he loves. The story of that old farm-house was re peating itself at every watering-place, large and small, along the whole Atlanstic coast, and at every summer retreat in mountain or valley. The old, old story, forever beautiful and new, of two people of opposite sex, cooing directly to believe that "all for love, . and the world well lost" is the only true religion. Margaret Daunton and Luke Con nor had learned that faith on the sands, that day by the sea, I think; but then they only saw, as "in a glass, darkly; and now, after these many days of rides and walks and sun set wanderings they would have died at the stake for it, bravely as any bigot of the olden time for his higher creed. This was all very bad for the grave old Professor indeed. He had made a aerrible mistake of it. If he had only, in those old days at home, been less blind, less devoted to his stupid books, less interested in his Greek poetry and College duties:; f he had only loved his Hellenia heroines less; and cared more for the beautiful, loving girl whom his stupid affection called sister! But he had been so secure in his possession of the yellow-haired little girl that he had been in no hurry to fall in love with and marry her. There, at home, his dear old mother played house-dog, keeping watch and ward at the gate, driving all poachers away; but here, in this summer holday, came tsis barefooted beggar, Luke Conner; claiming the fair domain, and making out a good title to it, too. (To be ~ont4inued.) 