A STRANGE WORLD. BY THE AUTHOR OF " LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET." CHAPTER XIX.—(Continued.) Even the gables of the Manor House disappeared presently as they went down a dip in the hills. Fat off in a green hollow, Maurice saw some white buildings— scattered untidily near a patch of water, which reflected the last gleam of sunset. " That's Trevanard's," said Elspeth, pointing to the spot. "I thought as much," said Maurice, "then you need go no further. You've fairly earned your fee." He gave her the half-crown. The girl turned the coin over with a delighted look before she put it in her pocket. " I'll go to Borcel End with you," she said. "I'd as lief be on the hills as at home—sooner, for grandmother is not overpleasant company." " But you'd better go back now, my girl, or it'll be dark long before you reach home." Elspeth laughed, a queer impish cachinnation, which made Maurice feel rather uncomfortable. " You don't suppose I'm afraid of the dark," she said, in her shrill young voice, so young and yet so old in tone. " I know every star in the sky. Besides, it's never dark at this time of year. I'll go on to Borcel End with you. May be you mayn't get accommodated there, and then I can show you a near way across the hills to PenwynJVillage. You might get shelter at one of the cottages anyhow." " Upon my word you are very obliging," said Maurice, surprised by this show of benevolence upon the damsel's part. " Do you know anything about this Borcel End 1" he asked, presently, when they were going down into the valley. " I've never been inside it," answered Elspeth, glibly, more communicative now than she had been an hour or two ago, when Churchill questioned her about the house of Penwyn. " Mrs. Trevanard isn't one to encourage a poor girl like me about her place. She's a rare hard one, they say, and would pinch and scrape for a sixpence; yet dresses fine on Sundays, and lives well. There's always good eating and drinking at Borcel End, folks say. I've heard tell as it was a gentleman's house once, before old Squire Penwyn bought it, and that there was a fine park round the house. There's plenty of trees now, and a garden that has all gone to ruin. The gentleman that owned Borcel spent all his money, people say, and old' Squire Penwyn bought the place cheap, and turned it into a farm, and it's been in the hands of the Trevanards ever since, and they're rich enough to buy the place three times over, people say, if Squire Penwyn would sell it." " I don't suppose I shall get a very warm welcome if this Mrs. Trevanard is such a disagreeable person," said Maurice, beginning to feel doubtful as to the wisdom of asking hospitality at Borcel End. "Oh, I don't know about that. She's civil enough to gentle-folks, I've heard say." " It's only her servauts and such like she's so stiff with. You can try." They were at the farm by this time. The house stood before them—a broad stretch of greensward in front, with a pond in the middle, on which several broods of juvenile ducks were Bwimming gaily. The house was large, the walls rough cast, with massive timber framework. There was a roomy central porch, also of plaster and timber, and this and a projecting wing at each end of the house .gave a certain importance to the building. Some relics of its ancient gentility still remained, to show that Borcel End had not always been the house of a tenant farmer. A coat of arms, roughly cat on a stone tablet over the front door, testified to its former owner's pride of birth; and the quadrangul arrange of stables, stonebnilt, and more important than the house, indicated those sporting tastes which might have helped to dissipate the fortunes of a banished and half-forgotten race. But Borcel End, in its brightest day, had never been such a mansion as the old Tudor Manor House of Penwyn. There was a homeliness in the architecture which aspired to neither dignity nor beauty. Low ceilings, latticed windows, dormers in the roof, and heavy chimney-stacks. The only beauty which the place could Lave possessed at its best was the charm of rusticity—an honest, simple English home. To-day, however, Borcel End was no longer at its best. The stone quadrangle, whore the finest stud of hunters in the county had been lodged, was now a straw-yard for cattle; one side of the house was overshadowed "bya huge "barn, built out of the debris of the park wall j a colony of jovial pigs disported themselves in a ,small enclosure which had once been a maze. A remnant of hedgerow, densest yew, still marked the boundary of this ancient pleasance, but all the rest had vanished beneath the cloven hoof of the unclean animal. Though the farmyard showed on every side the tokens of agricultural prosperity, the house itself had a neglected air. The plaster walls, green and weather-stained presented the curious blended hues of Stilton cheese in prime condition, the timber seemed perishing for'want of a good coat of paint. Poultry wero pecking about close under the latticed windows, and even in the porch, and a vagabond pigling was thrusting his black nose in among the roots of one solitary rose bush which still lingered on the barren turf. Borcel End, seen in this fading light, was hardly a homestead to attract the traveller. " I don't think much of your Borcel End," said Maurice with a disparaging air. " However, here goes for a fair trial of west-country hospitality." CHAPTER XX. O'ER ALL THERE HUNG A BHADOW AND A FEAR." Mr. Clissold entered the porch, scattering the affrighted fowls right and left. As they sped cackling away, the house door, which had stood ajar, was opened wider by a middle-aged woman, who looked at the intruder frownmgly. "We never buy anything of pedlars," she said, sharply. " It's no use coming here." " I'm not a pedlar, and I havn't anything to sell. I am going through Cornwall on a walking tour, and want to find a place where I could stop for a week or so, and look about the country. 1 am prepared to pay a fair price for a clean homely lodging. The housekeeper of Penwyn Manor told me to try here." " Then she sent you on a fool's errand," replied the woman; " we don't take ' Not as a rule perhaps, but you might strain a point in my favor, I dare say." Maurice Clissold had a pleasant voice and a pleasant smile. Mrs. Trevanard looked at him doubtfully, softened in spite of herself by his manner. And then no Trevanard was ever above earning an honsst penny. They had not grown rich by refusing chances of small profits. " Come, mother," cried a cheery voice from within, while she was hesitating) " you can ask the gentleman to come in and sit down a bit, anyhow. That won't make us nor break us." " You can walk in and sit down, sir, if you like," said Mrs. Trevanard, with a somewhat unwilling air. Maurice crossed the threshold, and found himself in a large stone-paved room. The staircase, with its clumsy balustrades, shaped like gouty legs, and painted black, occupied one side of the room; on the other yawned the mighty chimney, : with a settle on each side of the wide hearth, a cosy retreat on winter's nights. The] glow of the fire had a comfortable look even on this midsummer evening. A young man—tall, broad-shouldered, good-looking, clad in a suit of velveteen which gave him something the air of a gamekeeper—stood near the hearth cleaning a gun. He it was who had spoken just now—Martin Trevanard, the only son of the house, and but the only Uviiig creature who had any influence with his mother. Pride ruled her, religion, or bigotry, had power over her, gold was the strongest influence of all. But of all the mass of humanity there was but one unit she cared for besides herself, and that one was Martin. " Sit down and make yourself at home, sir," saidthe young man, heartily. " You've walked far, I dare say." " I have," answered Maurice, " but I don't want to rest anywhere, until I am sure that I can get a night's shelter. There was no room for me at the ' Bell' at Penwyn, but I left my knapsackjthere, thinking I should be forced to go back to the village anyhow. It .was an afterthought coming on here. Oh, by the way, there's a gill outside, the lodge-keeper's daughter, who hasbsen my guide so fkr,and wants to know myiate before she goes home. What can you do for me, Mrs. Trevanard ? ' I'm not particular. Give me a truss of clean hay in one of your barns, if you're afraid to have me in the. house." "Don't be ill-natured, old lady," saidthe young man, "the gentleman is a gentleman. One can 8m thai with half an', eye." " That's all veiy wdl, llaftin ;'!buf what will your father say to our 'taKiig in • stranger, without so much as knowing his iiame;" " My name.is, Clissold," said, the^appli- cant, taking a card out of his pocket-book and throwing it on the polished beechwood table, the only handsome piece of furniture in the room. A massive oblong table, big enoughf or twelve or fourteen people to sit at. " There are my name and address. And so far as payment in advance goes," —he put a sovereign down beside the card —''there's for my night's accommodation and refreshment." " Put your money in your pocket, sir. You're a friend of Mr. Penwyn's, I suppose ?" asked Mrs, Trcvenaid, still doubtful. " I know the present Mr. Penwyn, but I cannot call myself his friend. The poor young fellow who was murdered, James Penwyn, was my nearest and dearest friend, my adopted brother." " Let the gentleman stop, mother. We've rooms enough, and to spare, in this gloomy old barrack. A fresh face always brightens us up a little, and it's nice to hear how the world goes on. Father's always satisfied when you are. You can put the gentleman in that old room at the end of the corridor. You needn't he frightened, sir, there are no ghosts at Borcel End," added Martin Trevanard, laughing. His mother still hesitated—but after a pause she said," Very well, sir. You can stop to-night, and as long as you please afterwards at a fair price—say a guinea a week for eating, drinking, and sleeping, and a trifle for the servant when you go away." Even in consenting the woman seemed to have a lingering reluctance, as if 6he were giving assent to something which she felt should have been refused. "Your terms are moderation itself, madam, and I thank you. I'll send away my small guide." He went out to the porch where Elspeth sat waiting—no doubt a listener to the conversation. Maurice rewarded her devotion with an extra sixpence, and dismissed her. Away she sped through the gathering gloom, light of foot as a young fawn. Maurice felt considerably relieved by the comfortable adjustment of the lodging question. He seated himself in an arm-chair by the hearth, and stretched out his legs in the ruddy glow, with a blissful sense of repose. " Is there such a thing as a lad about the place who would go to the' Bell' at Penwyn to fetch my knapsack for a consideration ?" he asked. There was a cowboy who would perform that service, it seemed. Martin went out himself to look for the rustic Mercury. " He's a good-natured lad, my son," said Mrs. Trevanard, " but full of fancies. That comes of idleness, and too much education, his father says. His grandmother yonder never learned to read or write, and 'twas she and her huBband made Borcel End what it is." Following the turn of Mrs. Trevanard's head, Maurice perceived that an object which in the obscurity of the room he had taken for a piece of furniture was in reality a piece of humanity—a very old woman, dressed in dark garments, with only a narrow white border peeping from under a cowlshaped black silk cap, a dingy red handkerchief pinned across her shoulders, and two bony hands, whose shrivelled fingeis moved with a mechanical regularity in the process of stocking knitting. " Ay," said a quivering voice. " I can't read or write—that's to say I couldn't even when I had my sight—but between us, Michael and I made Borcel what it is. Young people don't understand the old way —they have servants to wait upon 'em, and play the harpsichord—but little good comes of it." " Is she blind ?" asked Maurice of the younger Mrs. Trevanard, in a whisper. The old woman's quick ear caught the " Stone "blind, sir, for the last eighteen years. Bnt the Lord has been good to me. I've a comfortable home and kind children, and they don't turn me out of doors, though I'm such a useless creature." A gloomy figure in that dark corner beyond the glow of the fire. Maurice felt that the room was less, comfortable somehow, since he had discovered the presence of this old woman, with her sightless orbs and neverresting fingers, long and lean, weaving her endless web, gloomy as Clotho herself. A plump, ruddy-cheeked maid-servant came bustling in with preparations for supper, making an agreeable diversion after this sad little episode. She lighted a pair of tall yellow candles in tall brass candlesticks, which feebly illumined the large low room. The wainscoted walls wereblackened by smoke and time, and from the crossbeams that sustained the ceiling hung a grove of bams, while flitches of bacon adorned'the cornets, where there was less need of headway. Every object in the room belonged to the useful rather than the beautiful. Yet there was something pleasant to Maurice's unaccustomed eye in the homely old-world comfort of the place. He took advantage of the light to steal a glance at the face of his hostess, as she helped the servant to lay the cloth and place the viands on the table. Bridget Trevanard was about fifty years of age, but there were few wrinkles on the square brow, or about the eyes and mouth. She was tall, buxom, and broad-shouldered; a woman who looked as if she had few feminine weaknesses, either moral or physical. The muscular arm. and broad open chest betokened an almost virile strength. Her skin was bright and clear, her nose broad and thick, but fairly modelled of its kind, her under lip full, and firm as if wrought in iron, the upper lip long, straight, and thin. Her eyes were dark brown, bright and hard, with that sharp penetrating look which is popularly supposed to see through deal boards, and even stone walls on occasion. So at least thought the servants at Borcel End. A model farmer'6 wife, thie Mrs Trevanard, severe mistress, yet not unjust or unkind, a proud woman, and in her own particular creed something of a zealot. A woman who loved money, not so much for its own sake as because it served the only ambition she had ever cherished, namely, to be more respectable than her neighbours. Wealth went a long way towards this superior respectability, therefore did Mrs. Trevanard toil and spin, and never cease from labour in the pursuit of gain. She was the motive power of Borcel End. Her superlative energy kept Michael Trevanard, a somewhat lazy man by nature a patient slave at the mill. Martin was the only creature at Borcel who escaped her influence. For him life meant the indulgence of his own fancies, with just so much work as gave him an appetite for his meals. He would drive the waggon to the mill, or superintend the men at hay-making and harvest. He rather liked attending market, and was a good hand at a bargain, but to the patient drudgery of every-day cares young Trevanard had a rooted objection- He was good-looking, good-natured, walked well, sang well, whistled better than any other man in the district, and was a general favourite. People said that the good blood of the old Trevanards showed in young Martin. CHAPTER XXL " HE COMETH NOT," SHE SAID. When the supper-table was ready, the servant girl ran to the porch and rang a large bell, which was kept Tinder one of the benches—a bell that pealed out shrilly over the silent fields. The summons brought home Michael Trevanard, who appeared in about five minutes, pulling down his shirt-sleeves, and carrying his coat over his arm, while some stray wisps of hay which hung about his hair and clothes indicated that he had but that moment left the yard where they were building a huge stack, which Maurice had seen looming through the dusk as he approached Borcel. " We've stacked the fourteen acre piece, mother," said the farmer, as he pulled on his coat, " and a fine stack it is, too, as sweet as a hazel nut No fear of mildew this year. And now I'll give myself a wash " He stopped, surprised at beholding a stranger standing by his hearth. Maurice had risen to receive the master of the house. Martin explained the traveller's presence. " We've taken to lodging-letting since you've been out, father," he said, m his easy way. " This gentleman wants to stay here and to look about the country round for a few days, and as mother thought he'd be company for me, and knew you wouldn't have any objection, she said yes. Mr. Clissold, that's the gentleman's name, is a friend of the family up yonder." An upward jerk of Martin's head indicated the Manor House. " Any friend of the Squire's, or any one your mother thinks proper to accommodate, my lad. She's missus here," answered Mr. Trevanard. " Your kindly welcome, sir." The farmer went out to some back region, whence was immediately heard an eneigetic pumping and splashing, and a noise as of a horse being rubbed down, after which Mr. Trevanard reappeared, lobster-like of complexion, and breathing hard after his exertions. He was a fine-looking man, with a face which might fairly be supposed to show the blood of the Trevanard's, for the features were of a patrician type, and the broad open brow inspired at once respect and confidence. That candid countenance be- longed to a man too incapable of deceit to be capable of suspicion; a man whom an artful child might cheat with impunity, a man who could never have grown rich unaided. Mr. and Mrs. Trevanard, their son, and their guest, sat down to supper without delay; but the old blind mother still kept her seat in the shadowy corner, and ate her supper apart. It consisted only of a basin of broth, sprinkled with chopped parsley, which the old woman sipped slowly, while the rest enjoyed their substantial meal. Maurice had eaten nothing since noon, and did ample justice to the round of corned beef, and home-cured chine, the freshly gathered lettuces, and even the gooseberry pasty and clotted cream. He and Martin talked all supper-time, while the house-mother carved, and the farmer abandoned himself to the pleasures of the table, and drank strong cider with easy enjoyment after the toilsome day. " There's no place like the hay-field for mating a man thirsty," he said, by way of apology, after one of his deep draughts; " and I can't drink the cat-lap mother sends to the men." Martin talked of field sports and boating. He had a little craft of his own, four or five tons burden, and was passionately fond of the water. By-and-by the conversation drifted round to the Squire of Penwyn. " He rides well," said Martin, " but I don't believe he's over-fond of hunting, though he subscribes handsomely to the hounds. I never knew such a fellow for doing everything liberally. He's bound to be popular, for he's the best master they ever had at the Manor." " And is he popular." asked Manrice. "Well, I hardly know what to say about that. I only know that he ought to be. People are so hard to please. There are some say they liked the old Squire best, though ho wasn't half so generous, and didn't keep any company worth speaking of. He had a knack of talking to people and making himself one of them that went a long way. And then some people remember Mr. George, and seem to have a notion that this man is an interloper. He oughtn't to have come into the property, they say. Providence never could have meant the son of the youngest son to have Penwyn. They're as full of fancies as an egg is full of meat in our arts!" " So it seems. Mis. Penwyn is liked, I " Yes, she made friends with the poor people in no time. And then she's a great beauty; people go miles to see her when she rides to covert with her husband. There's a sister, too, still prettier to my mind." Martin promised to show his now friend all that was worth seeing for twenty miles round Boreel. He would have the dogcart ready early next morning, directly after breakfast, in fact, and six o'clock was breakfast-time at the farm. Maurice was delighted with the friendly young fellow, and thought that he had stumbled upon a very agreeable household. Mrs. Trevanard was somewhat stern and repellent in manner, no doubt, but she was not absolutely uncivil, and Mr. Clissold felt that he should be able to get on with her pretty well. She had said grace before meat, and she stopped the two young men in their talk presently, and offered a thanksgiving after the meaL It was a long grace, Methodistical in tone, with an allusion to Esau's mess of pottage, which was brought in as a dreadful example of gluttony. After this ceremonial Mrs. Trevanard went upstairs to superintend the preparation of the stranger's apartment. The grandmother vanished at the same time, spirited away by the serving wench, who led her out by a little door that opened near her corner, and the three men drew round the hearth, lighted their pipes, and smoked and talked in a very friendly fashion for the next half-hour or so. They were talking merrily enough when Mrs. Trevanard came downstairs again, candle in hand. She had taken out one of the old silver candlesticks which had been part of her dower, in order to impress the visitor with a proper notion of her respectability. " Your Toom's ready, Mr. Clissold," she said, "and here's your bedroom candle." Maurice took the hint, and bade his new friends good-night. (To be continued.) "NEW LAMPS FOR OLD ONES !!" (vide Aladdin and Judson).—Ite-dye everything with Jndson's Dyes. Re-gild jour, picture frames with Jndson's Gold Faint. Re-black your fenders, stores, &c;, with Judson'fi Artists' Black. Sold by Chemists, Stationers, and Storekeepers everywhere.—[ADVT.] 