AN ARTIBSTS GHOST STOZY. T1E OTMANOX EXPEBRn10N OF THOMUAA EAPOY, TOE LOINDON AOAD?MOLrN, ' " uA onpln of years ago thore appeared In All the Year loi irid, tholen orducted by Charles Dickens, a paper entitltt r ??cur §tor.l ." Qno of tllemn nrpprlod to bo'tho 'ulpetinatural ezertCnco of o bno Mr. II., anri.rtyit Qlr} t a5rq its ap., pearai?c Dickntenos ro''eved oto from Tlihomas to wlqqh ho qodlsornmoufly stated that hwas the"Mr. H.," and that the eape riencedwas lils but that he did not understand how, it had got into'jritt. iHe also. forsarded a co:. rested version.; In his reply Dickens wrote : SGADe's HiLoPLAeo; HlnAth.oY;aanetisE KENT, ' " ? "?. ' Senday, September 16, 1861. ,DcSA'Sl':Allow metoapxprss to you the shcrse regret 1 feeol that yor most remarkable story '(which I' have read with great interest) shonld have, ben innocently forestalled in the pages of.my journal. At tie same time I must. add that your own versin of the experience is so very OOrious, andm so much more striking than the account sent to me, that I shall be happy to pub. list it in All the Yea, hound, if you shmould feel disposed to entrust it tome for that purpose. I received the story p oblisced in that journal first among the "Four Ghost Stories" from a gentle man of a distinguished position, both literary and social, who, I do not doubt, is well known to you by reputation. Ite did not sendit to me as dis own, but as.the work of a young writer. in whom lie feels an interest, and who previously eontri buated (all through him) another ghost story. I will immediately lot him know what correspon dene I have 'had with yeu ; nd you shae be mad ernaquie ed with the natre of his reply. 1 ' ?, Faithfually yours, . i On.nLEs DooKews. P.S,-I observe in your narrative that yon men. tioncd tlhe young lady's eating the beef and drink ing the claret. Do you remember whether the Joint was-placed on thle table or carved on the side-board 7-eand whether you seemed to see the figure served as ti e three mortals wore, or eoemed to find it alreokdy carved without noticing the There hs 'just:ppeared in London a little pamphlet containing .the true version 'of ilds streng :story, wtitten by' Mr. Heaphy himself. H odied not long agoe and the pams hlet is issued by; his wife, i. tp oubhishoed by Orifmth., and ,FYrran, and inakes a. brochure. 'of eightyserven pages. ,The nariatireo Is ppended.-En.. I am a painteri. Oo morning in May, 1858, I wsine'sleare'i my studio at my usoal occuepation. 'IA psoe raes 'or two is omittoed, ci only intro. dueegia ,ldy'?ndtgentleman--Mr. aid Mrs. Eirkef],. ;" ' . arfy !nowr :visitor were straniger to me. They. .hadseen a portrait I had painted, and wished for likonessoes of-thmselves,and their children. The ,price I named did not deter them, and they asked to' look arond the studio to select the style and las'thie should prefer. The inspection proving s?tisfactory, they asked whetler I could paint the pictures at their house, in the country, and there being no difficulty on this point, an engagement was made for the following autumn, subject to my writing, to' fix the time wlsn I"migst be able to leave town for the purpose. This being adjusted, .the gentleman gav e m its card and they left. Shortly afterward, on looking at the card left by .the-otrangers, I was somewhat disappointed to find that though it contained the names of Mr. and Mrs. Kirkbeek, there was no address. I tried to find it by looking at the "Court Guide," but it aonteined 'n such name; soa Iput the card in my writing- desk, and forgot for a time the entire transaction.. ' ' Autumn came, and witl it a series of engage. moats I had made in the North of. England. To ward the end of September, 1858, was one of a dinner.party at a country house at the confines of Yoskshre and Linolnshire. The. party was a fiaomrous one, and as the meal approached its 'terminatibn, and was about to subside into the dessert, the conversation became general. I should her mention that my hearing Is defective, at some times more so than at others, and on this particular evening I was extra deaf-so much so that the conversation only reached me in the form of a continued din. At one instant, however, I heard a word distinctly pronounced, though it was uttered by a person at a considerable distance from me, and that word was "lKirkbock." In the bsitnass of the London season I had forgotten all abodt' th visitors of the spring wha had left their eked without the address. The word roaching me under snch circumstances arrested my attention,and immediately recalled the transaction to my remem branee. On the first opportunity that' offered I asked a person wham I was conversing with if a family of the name in question was resident in the noighrliorl od. I was told, in reply, that a Mr. Kirkbeck lived at A-, at the farther end of the county. The next morning I wrote to this per son, saying that I believed he canled at my studio in the spring, and had made an arrangement with me, which I was prevented from fulfilling by there being no address on Ids enarl ; furthermore, that I s?ould shortly be in his neighborhood, on my re turn from the north, but should I be mistaken in addressing him,. I begged he would not treuble him?elf to reply to my note. I gave as my address, The Porst-offie, York. On applying there, three days afterwards,' .received a note from Mr. Kirk bock, statrng that he was very glad he had heard from me, and that if I would call on my return he would arrange about the pictures; he also told me to write a day before I proposed coming, that he might not otlorwso engage himself.. It was ulti-. matoly arranged.. that should go.to his house the succeeding Saturday, and stay till Monday meoning; transact alfterward what matters'I had to attend to in London, and return in a fortnight to oexecute the eommlssions. ' The' day' having arrived for. my visit, directl after 'breakfast I took my place id the morning train' from York ta London;' The tratinwould stop at Donaster, and' after that at Retford Junction, where, I should have 'to get out in 'order 'to' take tha e h ,through . Lincoln to A-- ' Tho c.day was' cold, :wet,: foggy, and every way as' disagreeable as I have ever 'known a,day to be in an English.October. The car aring in which I was seated had no other occu pant than myself, but at Doncaster a lady got in. idy place was back to the engine and ne;t to the door.': As that is considered the ladies' scat, I offered it'to her; she, however, very graciously de clined it and took the corner opposite, saying, in a very agreeable 'voice, that she liked to feel the breeoe on her cheek. The next few minutes were occuped in locating herself. Thre was the cloak to be spread under hor, the skirts of the dress to be arranged, the gloves to tbe tightened, and such other trifing arrangements of plumage as ladies arn wont to make before settling themselves aom fortahly at church or elsoewhre, tho last and most important being thte placing back over her hat the veil that concealed ier features. I could then see that the lady was young, certainly not more than two or three and twenty; but being moderately tall, ratlher robust it make, and decided, in ox prossion, shlo might hIave becs two or three years younger. I suppose that lher comploexion would be termed a medium otto; her hair being of a bright brow, or auburn, while lier eyes and rather deci dedly marked eyobrows were nearly black. The color ol her checks was tlhat palo transparett hue that sets off to such advnntaep large, expressive eyes sn equable, firm expression of mouth. On the whole, the ensemblo was rather aImndsomo than beautiful, her rexpression Ihaving that agreeable depth and harmony about it tlhat reonderd her face and features, though not strictly regular, infinitely more altractivero titan if they had ben modelled up on tlhe strictest rules of synmmotry. It is no small advantage, on a wet day and a dull, long journey, to haear as agreeable com pnoien; one who tcan converse ant wlhose con. versantion has sftflcient substance in lit to make one forget the length and the drearinessa of the jtourneoy. In this respect I had no deficiency to eomplain of, the lady being decideodly and agree. ably coevorsational. When hlte had settled herself to ther satisfaction, shelo asked to be allowed to look at my Biradshaw, aoa not being a proficient in tlhat diflcult work, site reqruested my aid in aseer tatning at what time the train passed through Ilet ford ot its way back from London to York. Tihe conversation turtned afterwards ot ge orsl topics, and, sqovowliat to my surprise, shte led it into sauc particular stibjeets as I might be supposed to e mare especially familiar withl; inleed, I could not aaoid remarkisg that her oetlire matiner, while it ans anythinsg but forward, was that of one who had illtle cnown me personally or by report. There was in iher maner a kind ol conidetnttul re. liane whess she listened to me that is not usually accorded to a stronger, a,,d sometitaes slhc actuall seemed to rofor to differeet circumstances with which I hadbeen conteeted In times past. Aiter about threo- qnerers of an bour'n conversation, thle train arrived at Retford, whero I was to ehatge carriages.' On my allglhting and wishing hier good. morning, she made a slight movement of the hand, as if shit meant me to sltabo it, and on my doing eo she said. bw way of adieu: "I darn saywo shall meet again V' to which I replied: "hopew shall aU meet again," and so parted, alto go on thle line toward London and I thlrough l cnI o. slhro to A -. The remainder of tile journey was cold, wet, and dreary. I misse,] the aereahl Ed'averitton, nt) 'trlca' to' sapply its plaea with' q 'okil ni' bruglat with me' ornm. nok, asd '11, ?0?" Butthe moatdiaseg?°ea;lb bouae e t an and at lIst, and half-past five in' the evening foand me at the termination of mine. A carriagewaa waiting for mo at the'station,,whore Mr, Kirkhbek was also ex ected by the same train, butas he did not appear it was coneluded he would come by the next-half an hour later; accordingly the carriage" drove away with myself only. The family being from home at the moment,, and the dinner hour being seven, I wont at once to my room to onpack and to dress. Having om pleted those operations, I descended to the draw= lng-room. It probably wanted some time to the dinner hour, as the lamps were not ligllted, but in their place a large blazing fire throw a flood of light into every corner of the room, and more especially over a lady who, dressed in deep black, was standing by the chimney-placeo warming a very handsome foot on the edge of the fender. Her face being turned away from the door by which I had entered, I did not at first see her features. On my advancing into the middle of the room, however, the foot was immediately withdrawn, and she turned round to accost me, when, to my pro found astonishment, I perceived that it was none other than my companion in the railway carriage. She betrayed no surprise at seeing me. On the contrary, with one of those agreeable, Joyous ex. presions that makes tio plainest woman appear beautiful, sie acosted me with: "I said we should meet ngsin." SMy bewilderment at that moment almost de prived me of utterance. . I knew of no railway or other means by which she could hlave come. I had certainly left lier in a London train, and had seen it start, and the only conceivable way in which she could have come was by going to Peter borough, and then 'returling by a branch to A--, a circetit of about ninety miles. As soon as my surprise enabled me to speak, I said that I wished that I had come by the same conveyance as herself. ., "That would have been,ratler.diflicult,". she rejoined.. At tide moment, the servant came with tihe lamps, and informed me thit his tnster had just arrived, and would be down in a few minutes. " The lady took up a book containing some engravings, and having singled one out (a'portenit of Lady A--), asked me to look at it well, and tell her whether I thought it like her. I was engaged trying to get up an opinion when Mr. and Mirs. Iiirkbeek entered, and, shaking me heartily by the hand, apologized for not being at home to receive me ; the goentleman ended by re questing me to take Mrs. Kirkbeck in to dinner. The lady of the house having taken my arm, weo marched on. I certainly hesitatod a moment to allow Mr. Kirkbeck to pass on first with the mysterious lady in black, but Mrs. Kirkbeck not seeming to understand it, we passed on at once. The dinner party consisting of us four only, we fell into our respective places at the table without difficulty, the mistress and master of the house at the top and bottom, the lady in black and myself on each side. The dinner passed much as is usuanal on sueli'occasions. I having to play 'the guest, directed my cbnrersatin prinacipally, if not exclu aelvy, 'to myhost and hostess, and I cnn not call to mind that I or any one else once addressed the' lady opposite. Seeing this, and remembering something that looked like a slight want of atten tion to her on. coming into the dining-room, I at once. concluded that she was the governess. I observed, however, that she made an excellent dinner; she seemed to apprecinte both the beef and the tart, as well as a glass of claret afterward; probably she had had no lunchoon, or the journey had given her an appetite." The dinner ended, the ladies retired, and after the usual port Mr. Kirkbeck and I joined them in the drawing-room.. By this time, however, a much larger party had assembled. Brothers ahd salsters. in-law had come in from their residences in the neighborhood, and several children, with Miss Hardwick, their governess, were also introduced to me. I saw at once that my supposition as to the lady ta black being the governess was incorrect. After passing the time necessarily occupied in complimenting the children, and saying sometilng to the different persons to whom I was introduced, I found myself again in conversation with the lady of thie railway carriage, and as the topic of the evening had referred principally to portrait-paint. ing, she continued the subjeot : "Do you think you could paint my portrait ? " the lady inqutred.: r"Yes 'I think I could, if I had the oppor. lon , lookeat my face well : do you think ysu could recollect my features ?" t"e am sYer, I should never forget your fea : " Ofcourse; I might have expected you to say that ;but do you tldnk you could.do me from recollection?'". ,: , : . ,; - . ?Yll, itf be o n ssary, I. will try; but can't you? gire ma aiy sittingas,". "No, quite lrni ossibe; it coueld not be. It is ad tihat tire print I showed to yon'before dinner is like'me; 'do ;outhlnk so?"' "Not mue,' I replied; "it has not your ex pression.''If yea can give me only ono sitting, it would be better than none." "No; I don't see how it could be." •,The evening being by this time pretty far ad vanced; and the chamber candles beifg brought in, on' the plea of being rather tired, she shook me heartily by the hand and wished me good-night. My mysterions acquaintance caused me no small pondering during the night. I had never been'in troduced to her; I had not seen her speak to any one during the entire evening-not even to wish them good-night. How she got across the country was an in cable mystery. Then, why did she wish me to paint lher from memory, and why could she not give me even one sitting? Finding the diticultices of the solution of those oquestions rather increased upon me, I made up my mind to defer further consideration of, them till breakfdast-time, whonrI supposed the matter would receive some elucidation. The breakfast'now came, but with it no lady in black. The breakfast over, we went to church, came home to' luncheon, and so on through the day, but still no lady, neither. any reference to her. I then concluded that she mast be some relative who had gone away early in the :morning teo visit another member of the family living close by. I was much puzzled, however, by no reference whatever being made to ear, and findding no oppor tunity of leading any part' of: my conversation with the family toward tie' subject, "went to ftd the second night more puzzled than ever. On'the servant coming in in the morning Irentured to ask him the name of the lady who dined at the table on Saturday evening, to which he an. swered: .. "A lady, sira? No lady-only Mrs. Kirkbck, sir." bYes, tho'ldp r dosat oppw s site me deeed in Perhaps Miss Mardefak; the gvornaes, air?'" "N;:not MlseHarldwwkik sh snmo ddwnaifter ward." . ,' ' " , , -' l"Noladyas I seesir'" -I ?i : ..e '' Oh, dearme, yes 1 The lady dressed in black' who was in the drawing-room when 1, arrived, be. fore Mr. Kirkbeck came home '!:. ; 1. , . The man looked at me with. surprise, as if he doubted my sanity, and only answered; "I never sco any landy, sir,' and then loft. . The mystery now appeared more impenoetrable than over. I thought it over in every possible as pect, but could come to no conclusion upon it. Breakfnat was early that morning, in order to nllow of my catching the morning train to Lon don. The same cause also slightly hurried us, and allowed no time for conversation beyond that having direct reference to the business that brought me tihec ; so, after arranging to return to paint tlm portraits on tlhat day three weeks, I made my odie(ls and took my departure for town. It i only necessary for me to refer to my second visit to the Itouso in order to state that I was Kitrkhek, that o fourthi person dined at tie table on the faturdoy evening in question, as they had dobated wklfter they slonuld nask Miss anrdwick, thie govcrncss, to take the vacant seat, but had decided not to do so; neither could they recall to mind any such person as I described in the whole circle of their acquaintances. Somo weeks passed. Itwas close upon Christ mas. The light of a short winter day was draw ing to a closo, andt was seated at my table writing letters fa r the cereing post. Myhebacksbto nwrds tire folding dodrs leading into the room in which my visitors usally waited. I had boeen engaged rome minutes irewriting, when, without heenring or seeing anything, Ibgcame aware that a person had come thirogh tsie folding-dooee, and wan tihen standing besido me. I turned, and beheld the lady of thie railway carriage. I supposo that my manner ildicatel that I was somewhat startled, as thi lary, aftr the usuqil salutation, said: h'J or m )~ o i ore istur *i'lr yoq.f o. did not 'cr n?nfir, tugh lttwas more qleit anid aegb. duoki timn I hia known it beo,-, wa% hardly to be termed graver much less eorionwfl. h?ehbr was a chasnge, but It was that kind of ohanno only which may,often be observeod from tle frank impolslve eossof an intellignt young lady to the composur' and self- poasession of that some young lady when slie is either betrothed or has recently becomo a matron. She asked me whether I had made any attemptat a likeness of her. I wasit obliged to confess that I had not. She regroetted it much; as she wished one for her father. She had broukht an engraving (a portrait of Lady M. A.) with her that she thought would assist me. It was like tile one she had asked my opinion upon in the house in Lincolnlsire. It had always been considered very like her, and she would leave it with me. Then (putting her hand impressively on my arm) she added she "really would be most thanklful and grateful to me if I would do it." And, if I recollect rightly, she added : "as much depended on it." Seeing she was so much in earnest, I took up my sketch-book, and, by the dim light that was still remaining, began to make a rapid pencil-sketch of her. On observing my doing so, however, instead of giving me what assistance sihe was able, she turned away, under the pretence of looking at the pictures around the room, occas ionally passing from one to another, so as to enable me to catcl a momentary glimpse of her features. In this manner I made two hurried but rather expressive sketches of her, which, being all that the declining light would allow me to do, I shut my book and she prepared to leave. This time, instead of the usual "Good morning," she wished me an impressively pronounced "Good bye," firmly holding, rather than shaking, my hand while sIlo said it. I accompanied her to the door, outside of which she seemed rather to fade into the darkness than to pass through it. But I referred this impression to my own fancy, I immediately inquired of the servant why sthe had not announced the visitor to me. She stated that she was not aware them had been one, and that any one who had entered must have done so when she had left the street-door open, about half an hour previously, while ste went across the road for a moment. Soon after this occurred I had.to fulil an en. gagement at a heuse near Bosworth Field, in Lelt cestershire. I left town on a Friday, having sent some pIctures that were too large to take with me' by the luggage-train a week proeionusly, in order that they might be at the house on my arrival, -and occasion me no loss of time in waiting for them. On getting to the house, however, I found that they had not been heard of, and, on inLquiring at the station, it was stated that a csas similar to the one I described had passed through and gone on to Leicester, whlre dt probably still was. It being Friday, and past the hour of the post, there was no possibility of getting a letter to Leteoster before Mtonday morning, as the luggage office would be closed there on Sunday; consequently I could in no ease expect tile arrival of the pictures before the succeeding Tuesday or Wednesday. The loss of three days would be a serious one; there. fore, to avoid it, I suggested to my host that I should leave immediately to transact asome busi ness in South Stalordslere, as I should be obliged to attend to it before my return to towe; and if could see about it in the vacant interval thus thrown upoa my hands, it would be savfing me the same amount of time after my visit to his house was concluded. This arrangement meeting with his ready assent, I hastened to the Atherstpne station on the TrentVallsey ailway. By reference to Bradshaw I found that my route lay through Lichfield, where I was to change carriages to S-,hi Staffordshire. I was just in time for the train that would put me down at Liehfiel' at eight o'clock in the evening, and a train was an nounced to start from Lichflield for S- at ten minutes past eight o'clock, answering, as I mon eluded, to the train in which I was abaut to travel. I therefore saw no reason to doubt that I should get to my journey's end the same night; but on my arriing at LIchSeld I found my plans en tirely frustrated. The train arrived punctually, and I got out, intending to wait on the platform for the arrival of the carriages for the other line. I found, however, though the two lines crossed at Lichfield, they did not communicato with each other, the Lichfleld station on the Trent Valley line being on one side of the town and the Lieh field station on the South Staffordshire line on the other. I also found that there was not time to get to the other station so as to catch the tram the same evening; indeed, the train had just that moment passed on a lower level beneath my feet, and to get to the other side of the town, where it would stop for two minutes only, was out of the question. There was, therefore, nothing for it tet to put up at the Swan Hotel for the night. I have an especial dislike to passing an evening at an hotel in a country town. Dinner at ch phlaces I never take, as I had rather go without than have such as I am likely to get. hooks are never to be had the country news papers do not interest me. The T'inie I have spelled through on my journey. The nocintyI am ikely to meet have few ideas in common with my. self. Under such circumatancs, I usually resort to meat tea to while away the time, iud wilen that is over occupy myself in writing. This was the first time I had booeen In tlehfieold, and while waiting for the tea it occurred to me how, on two occasions within the past six months, I had been on the point of coming to that very plaoe, at one time to execute a small commission for an old acquaintance, resident there, and another to get the materials for a picture I pro posed paiintng of n incident in thei early life of eoctor Johnson. I should have coni on each' of theso occasions had not other arrangements di verted my purpvose and caused me to poapone tie jurney indefinitely. The thought, however, would occur to me: "How strange I Her I am at Lichfield, by no intention of my own, though I Istv twice tried to got hero aid been balked," lhan I had done tea, I thought I might as well srite to an acquaintahco I had knomo soma years proviouasl, and who lived in the Cathedral-close, asking hem to comp. and pass an hour or two with mo. Accordingly I rang for the waitreas, and asked: " Does Mr. Lutrlie In Lichfieldh" l S"Yes, sir." "Cathedral-close ?" e rCan I oend a note to hbeim r' "Yes, sir." I wrote the note, saying whem I was, nd asking if he would come for an hour or two and talk over old matters. The note was taken: in about twnty minutes a person of gentlemanly appearance, and what might be termed advanced middla age, en reaed the room with my note in his hand, saying that I had sent him a letter, he presumed by mis take, as he did not know my name. Seeing in. stantly that he was not the person I intended to writo to, I apologised, and asked waither there was not another Mr. Lute living in Lichfoeld. t No, them was none other." "Certainly," I rejoined, "my friend must have given me his right address, for I had written him n othier occasions here. Ite was a fair young mai; he succeededto an estate in consequence of his uncle having been killed while hunting with the Quorn hounds, and lie married about two years since a lady of the name of Fairbairn." Tile stranger very composedly replied: You are speaking of Mr. Clyne; he did live in the Cathedral-close, but he has now gone away." The stranger was right, and in my surprise I exclaimed : "Oh, dear I to be sura that is the name; what could have made me address you instead? I really beg yonr pardon ; my writin to you and unconsciously )uesaing your name is one of the ost extraordinary and unsesaccountable things I oer did. Prs y pardoteme." lie continued very quietly: " There is no teed of apology; it happens that you arc the very person 1 most wish to seo. You are a painter, aundI want you to paint a portrait of my daughter. Can you come to my house im mediately for the purpose ?" I was rather surprised at finding myself known by him, asid the turn matters had taken was so vntiroly auinpectbed I did not at the moment feel inclined to undertake the business ; I, therefore, eapluiied how I was situated, stating that 1 had only the neat day and Monday at my disposal. tie, however, pressed me so earnestly that I rrsanged to do what I could for him ini those two days ; and having put up my bsgpage and arranged other matters, I accompanied him to hislhouse. Duritig the walk home he scarcely spoke a word, but his taciturnity seemed only a eontinuance eo ,is iqiet compoasre at the inn. Oi our arrival le initroduced mo to his daughter Maria, and then left the room. Maria Lute was a fair asid decidedly Itandsomo girl of about fiftevn; her maiser was, tIascvcr, in adeance of her yoars, and evinced that ief.poasession5 and, l the favorable sense of the term, thqt wonqanliness, that is only semi at such an early age in girls who have bteie ell mother. less, ornfom otteer ecauses thrown muieh no tlits fn.9lead eetdaete" not been iniornte ot the ,urpose n my ..aghu and oel?y know that l was to stsy Ihesga I the sni8ht slqnh therefore eruasred herself for a few moments, that she might give th requisite directions to the servants as to preparin my room. When she returned, she told ma that should not see her father again that evening, th state of his heallth having obliged him to retire fe the night; but she hoped I should be able to se him some time on the morrow. In the meantime she hoped I would make myself quite at home and call for anything I wanted. She herself wa sitting In the drawing-room, but perhaps I shoul like to smoke and take something; if ad, ther was a fire in the housekeeper's room and sall would some and sit with me, as she expected th medical attendant every minute, and he woul. probably stay to smoke and take something. A the little lady seemed to recommend this course, readily complied. I did not smoke or take any thing, but sat down by the 'fire, when she imme diately joined me. She conversed well and readily and with a command of languago singular in. person so young. Without being disagreeably in quisitiroe or putting any question to me, she seeme, desirous of learning the business that had brough mo to the house. I told her that her fatho wished mo to paint either her portrait, or that o a sister of hers, if she had one. .; Sihe remained silent and thoughtful for t moment, and then seemed to comprehend it a onae. She told me that a sister of hers, an onlu one,'to whom her father was devotedly attached died near four months previously; that her fathls, had nerer yet recovered from the shock of hol ijeatlr. He had often expressed the most earnes wish for a portrait of her; indeed, it was his ons thought, and site hoped, if something of the kini could be done, it would improve his health. Hen she hesitated, stammered, and burst into tears After a swhle she continued: "It is no use hiding from you what you must very soon be aware of Papa is insane--ho has been so ever since deal Carolina was buried. He says lie is always seeing dear Caroline, and he is subject to fearful delun slons. Tire doctor says lhe cannot tell how muet worse he may be, and that everything dangerous. like knirves or razors, is to be kept out of hIis redch. It was necessary you should not see Ihim again this evening, as he was miable to converse properly, and I fear the same may be the case to-morrow; hnt perhaps you can stay over Sunday, and I may be able to assist you in doing what Io wishes." I asked whether they had any materials for making a likeness-a photograph, a sketch, or anything else for me to go from. "No, they had nothing." " Could she describe her clearly ?" She thought she could, and there was a print that wasverymuch likeliher, butshe had mislaidit. Imon tioned that with such disadvantages, and in such an absence of materials, I did not anticipate a very satisfactory result. I had painted portraits under such circumstances, but their success much depended upon the powers of description of the persons who were to assist me by their recollection; in some instances I had attained a certain amount of success, but in most the result was quite a failure. The medical attendant came but I did not see him. I learned, however, that lihe ordered a strict watch to be kept on his patient till Iho came again thl next morning. Seeing the state of things, and how much the little lady had to attend to, I retired early to bed. The next morn ing I heard that her father was decidedly better; hae had inquired earnestly, on waking, whether I was really in the house, and at breakfast-time he sent down to say that lie hoped nothing would prevent my making an attempt at the portrait im mediately, and hi expected to be able to see me in the course of the day. Directly after breafast I seot to work, aided by such description as the sister could give me. £ tried again and again, but without success, or, indeed, the least prospect of it. The features, I was told, were separately like, but the expression was not. I toiled on the greater part of the day, with no better result. The dilarent studies I made were taken up to the invalid, but the same answer was always returned-no resemblance. I had exerted myself to the utmost, and, in fact, was not a little fatigued by so doing-a circum stance that the little lady evidently noticed, a? she expressed herself most grateful for the interest she could see I took in the matter, and referred the unsuccessful result entirely to her want of powers of description. She also said it was so provoking ! She had a print-a portrait of a lady that was so like-but it had gone; she had missed it from her book for three weeks past. It was the mors disappointing as she was sure it would have beenof great assistance Iaskedifsh could tell me who the print was of-as, if I know, I could easily proeuro one in London. She an. swered, "Lady H. A." Immediately the name was uttered the whole scene of the lady of the railnwaycarriagoe presented itself to me. I had my skotch-booklc in my portmanteau up-stairs, and, by a fortunato chance, fixed in it was thela print is question, with the two pencil sketches. I instantly brought them down and showed them to Maria Lute. She looked at them for a 'moment, turned her eyes full upon mo, and said slowly and with something of lear in her manner : " Where did you get these ?" Then quicker, and without waiting for my answer: "Let me take them instantly to papa." She was away tea minutes or more. When she returned bher father came with her. He did not wait for salutatioas, but said, hi a tone and manner I had not observed in him be fore : "I was right all the time; it was you that I saw with her, and these sketches are from her and from no one else. I value them more thn all my psessins, crept this dear child." The daughter also assured ma that lhb print I had brought to the house must be the one taken from the house about three weeks be fore, in proof of which she pointed out to me the gunammrks at thoback, wlicl exactly corresponded with those left on the blank leaf. From the moment the father saw those sketches his mental health returned. 'I was not allowed to touch either of the pencil drawings in the sketch-book, as it was feared'i might injure them; bhut an oil picture from them was commenced imimediately, the father sitting by ma hour after,lour, directing my touches, con. wereing rationally, and indeed cheerfully, while Iho did so. He avoided direct reference to his de lusion, but from time to time led the conversation to the manner in which I had originally obtained the sketches. The doctor came in the evening, and after extolling the particular treatment Ie had adopted, pronounced his patient decidedly, and he believed permanently, improved. The next day being Sunday, we all went to ehurch; the father for the first time since his bereavement. During a walk which he took with me after luncheon he again approached the sub. ject of the sketches, and after some seeming ihesi tation as to whether he should confide in mo or not, he said: "Your writing to me by name frome the inn at Lichiteld was one of those inexplicable circumstances that I suppose it is impossible to clesr up.' I knew you, iowever, directly I saw on. Whlen those about me ceonidered my intel ect was disordered, and that I spoko incoherently, it was only because I saw things that they did not. Since her death I know, with a certainty tlmt nothing will ever disturb, that at diflerent times I have been in the actual and visible presence ef my daughter who is gone-oftener, indeed, just after her death than latterly. Of the many times that this has occurred, I distinctly remember once seeing her in a railway-carriage, speaking to a person sitting opposite; who that person was I could not ascertain, as my position seemed to ha immediately behind him. I next saw her at a dinner-tablo, with others, and among those others, anquestionably, I saw yourself. I afterward learned that at that time 1 was considered tobe in one of my longest and most violent paroxysms, as I continued to see her speaking to you, in thI midst of a large assembly, for some hours. Again, I saw her standing by your side, while you wnoer engaged either in werting or drawing. T saw her once again afterwnard, but the next time I saw you was in the inn parlor." The pictura e was proceeded witll the noext day. hnd ou the day after the faca was completed, and i afterward bhrought it with me to London to finish. I have of tn seen Hr. L. since that period. His hecalth Is perfectly re-established, and his manne and cncersation amr as elecrful as can ho erpoe ted within a few years of so great a bereavement. The portrait now Iangs in ha btd-room, with the print and thie two sketches by tie side, and wn:ittan neath is : " C.L., 1soth September, 18d, aged tweslty-teo." IT tony be remarked, for the comfort of hon yp poverty, that avarice reigns most in those who but fewe good qualities to recommend them. This is a weed that nill grow on barren noil.--igkuhe. - h anon- time ago, while getting out stone in his quanry a mile south of Iokomo, Ind., George W. Delenbough split a massiva slab and found embedded in the solid rook a lizard of light color ahlive and active. 