THE NEW HEBRIDES. FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT "THE VAGABOND." HAVANNAH HARBOUR. Aug. 18. I am awake at daylight. We are in a land- locked bay somewhat resembling that of Noumea. It is formed by two islands, De- ception and Protection thus called by that greatest of all nomenclators, Captain Cook. It has two good entrances for vessels of any size, and a boat passage at the north. In the old days this place was a great rallying point for Fijian and Queensland labour vessels, and for island traders generally. Men-of-war have visited Havannah more than any other harbour in the group. Ten years ago there were several traders' establishments here. Messrs. Hedimann, of Fiji, and Scott, Hen- derson, and Co., of Sydney, had large in- terests in the place. There were plantations of Sea Island cotton, ginning-machines, and coir machinery, and a schooner ran regularly to and from Sydney. There was an apparent prosperous present and a flourishing future for Havannah Harbour at the time the mis- sion settlement was established here in 1872. Then the field of labour recruitment drifted further north to the Solomons and New Britain. The fall in the price of cotton caused that industry to "fizzle out." Messrs. Scott, Henderson, and Hedimann abandoned their stations, some of the white men here died and others left, and now there remains but Captain Macleod, manager of the New Hebrides Company, and the Rev. D. Mac- donald, the missionary, who, however, has been absent in Victoria for a year. Havannah Harbour was lively in those high old times, when Cakabau, by the Grace of God, and the will of Thurston, Wood, Butters, and Co., was King of Fiji , when the Yankee, Colonel Jennings, lorded it on the beach at Levuka and threatened to shoot offenders "in their tracks," till he got well thrashed by an old woman he had insulted, and when, although "Thak" reigned, square gin ruled from Lau to Ra. In those days "recruiting" ships from Levuka put into Havannah to replenish their supplies of "square." I remember hearing a story of a traveller who visited a Fiji vessel in this harbour. As he neared her he saw a white man leaning disconso- lately over the rail. "Good morning, cap- tain." "I'm not the captain ; I'm the cook." "Where's the captain ?" "He's lying down —drunk." "Where's the mate?" "He's lying down—drunk, too." Looking into the galley, the stranger said, "You don't appear to have much to cook here." "Precious little cooking wanted whilst there's any gin knock- ing about," was the reply. . Captain Cook discovered Vaté in 1774, and gave it the additional name of Sandwich, after his patron, then First Lord of the Admi- ralty. In 1849, Admiral Erskine, father of the present Commodore Erskine, discovered Havannah Harbour, naming it after his vessel. It is eight miles long and two to three broad, and it is without doubt one of the most beautiful anchorages in the world. On the shore there is a very low fringe of white sandy beach, beyond that a level plain extends, covered with all the luxuriance of tropical foliage. Tall cocoanut trees are swaying in the wind, broad banana leaves hide bunches of their fragrant fruit, the banyan and the ivi (Tahitian chesnut) are monarchs of the bush. A goodly valley stretches far away towards the hills. Nearer at hand one sees cleared lands and evidences of cultivation, and to the south a series of terraces rise in a manner which reminds one of the shores of Lake Wakitipu ; and, although covered with deep vegetation, they are similar, in that they are caused by vol- canic action. The stages of the different up- heavals are clearly defined. On shore a gal- vanised iron store is visible. This is Captain Macleod's residence, and the head-quarters of the New Hebrides Company in Sandwich. Further along there is a low, thatched house, the scaffolding of a new building, and the ruins of some other buildings. This is Havannah, the future capital of the colony of the New Hebrides, as it looks from the sea this August morn- ing. There is little life yet stirring, no one shows up on the grim old hulk by our side. Looking up the bay, I see it dotted with a number of white sails. It reminds me of Japan, and I am at first puzzled to account for these. Taking the glasses, I see that they belong to native canoes, outriggers. It is a novelty to see calico or cloth sails on these ; wherever I have been elsewhere in the Pacific mats have served the place. One of these canoes shortly comes alongside with bananas and eggs, but the price being pretty exorbitant a trade is not effected. Then there comes on board an old white man, who has with him a little half-caste girl clad in a printed orange robe with a blue kerchief twisted round her head. Her Hindoo features and the straightness of her hair show that she has no Melanesian blood in her. "Old Frank" is wonderfully tattooed about the arms. He is a sample of that nearly extinct class—the bêche-de-mer men. He has spent his whole life around the Pacific. He speaks both French and English imper- fectly, and although he claims to belong to France, his nationality is not admitted by the authorities. He informs me that Little Emily's mother was a Line Island woman, and that she herself was born in Levuka. Thereupon I muster up my stock of Fijian, and, Venaka Sara ! capture the goodwill of the little maiden. She is but nine yours of age, and therefore not dangerous. It is 7 o'clock when we start ashore. As I jump on to the beach I am welcomed by a beautiful black retriever and two or three smaller dogs. But the former growls at little Emily, who in affright runs behind me, and before I am aware has, like a monkey, climbed up my back and on to my shoulders, and I have to carry her to the store, where I shake hands and am cor- dially welcomed by Captain Donald Mac- leod. A tall, powerful, quiet- spoken man, of some 45 years of age, Captain Mac- leod impresses you with the idea that he is, above everything, "level-headed;" not one to be led away by impulse. He is a Nova Scotian by birth, for 16 years has been trading in the islands on his own account, and is so well known, and has acquired such interests and influence, that the first pro- ceeding of the New Hebrides Company was to buy him out for a very handsome sum, and retain his services as resident manager. He will develope himself as we go along. After breakfast Captain Macleod kindly accompanied me towards the mission settle- ment. There is a footpath—sometimes scarcely defined—in the midst of the wild luxuriance of nature, which is so beautiful to behold and which yet contains such deadly miasma. We pass a house occupied by a West Indian negro and loyal subject of Her Majesty, called "Black Harry." But Harry has a white heart, as we shall see anon. A small cottage is being prepared for the recep- tion of the Bourbon half-caste and his wife, who came down with us in the Caledonien. He is a carpenter, and has a brother likewise employed here. These Bourbonais are being largely employed by the New Hebrides Com- pany, not only because they are French citizens and work cheaply, but because it is supposed they will stand the climate better than Europeans. Several of them sleep on board the hulk, from which the Bruat on her last trip removed the guard of marines which she had left there. Past the site of the old cotton gin and engine-house, and there is a broad open space, where Captain Macleod is having a fine three-story house built. There are several acres of land here much higher than the store, which, as I am about to sleep there, it is consoling to hear is reputed to be the most unhealthy spot roundabout. This, I imagine, will be the centre of the new city, which some day is likely to spring up. It is a beautiful position, commanding the bay, the islands, and the high mountains of Mono or Montague Island to the north. I want to buy some town lots here, but am un- successful. Havannah, owing to its grand harbour and the revival of trade, augmented by the New Hebrides Company, will always be a place of importance, whether annexed or not. The Deputy High Commissioner of the Pacific, Mr. Romilly, it is said, will shortly take up his abode on Protection Island opposite, England's flag being hoisted on a plot of land purchased years ago by Com modore Goodenough. Mr Romilly will have the interests of about three British subjects to look after in Vaté ; still its central position makes its about best place he could select as a residence. Captain Macleod shows me a spot where a church once stood attended by the white residents. It was merely a grass- thatched barn, and when the congregation fell off, and the place was accidentally burnt, the missionary, Mr Macdonald, confined his ministrations to the natives. After this we strike a bush trail. On one side we catch glimpses of the bay shining in silver splendour through the trees. On the beach a son of the soil, nude but for an apology for a waistband, but decorated with a coronet and armlet of beads, stalks along carrying a small bow and a brace of arrows. What does he seek ? How l envy him his thickness of wool and strength of skull, which enables him to walk, like Adam before the Fall, un- abashed in the noonday glare, whilst I skulk into every bit of shade I can. Suddenly he raises his bow and fires twice, and wading into the water pulls out two fish transfixed on the arrows. Onward we go, the cocoanut and the breadfruit tree meeting overhead, here and there an occasional patch of bananas visible, or a fenced clearing where yams are planted. But both clearing and fencing are of a very perfunctory character. Near one of these we meet with the disciple whom the missionary most loved, the "boss" teacher left in charge of the souls and morals of the faithful at Havannah whilst Mr. Mac- donald is away in Victoria. An ordinary-looking blackfellow this disciple, clad in a pocket handkerchief round his loins and an old shirt above this. He has a bunch of husked cocoanuts and some yams in a basket by his side. Every native claims particular trees, and his rights are respected by the others. But on Vaté, where the soil is so prolific and the population of late years greatly reduced, food increases faster than mouths. The soul of Malthus would be rejoiced here. The disciple answers readily to the name of "Dick." He is not much to look at, but is, they say, a fair reader ot his native language, as the missionaries have rendered it, and is power- ful in expounding the Scriptures. Dick has lately got into trouble with his congregation. He imagined that his position had its rights as well as its duties, and on his own wife dying, appropriated the partner of another man. Public opinion vindicated itself in smashing up Dick's few household gods and rooting up his yam patch. But Dick stuck to the woman, and she re- mained faithful to him. Dick, they say, again holds forth on Sundays, and the in- jured husband has only the redress of spread- ing the report that Dick's theology approaches heresy. When Mr. Macdonald returns the whole question is to be settled by him. Onward we go, gorgeous butterflies flitting through the trees—the only sign of life except the friendly mosquito, who here is always with us. All along the track there are crab- holes, which make it necessary to take heed to our feet. We cross several beautiful streams of clear water, and a stout fence running up from the small bluff along the beach, enclosing the mission station and property. Fat pigs with their families are running about in the bush ; fine porkers these as any to be found in Suffolk or Illinois, related to good English stock left by Captain Cook or subsequent mariners, and no connexion with the undersized animals in the islands further north. Climbing another fence, and we are in the mission village. There are not a dozen houses, if houses they can be called. Imagine a thatched roof built up from the ground ; that is a New Hebrides habitation. They have no walls and no windows, and are low, dark, and dirty—far inferior to any huts I have seen elsewhere in the Pacific. In front of each place there is a patch, ballasted with fine coral, on which the family can sit and ex- change ideas and receive their neighbours. These serve the place of the American "porch." There are only some women and babies to be seen.The former run into the dirty holes which they call "home" at our approach with an over-affectation of modesty which their hideous looks rendered highly superfluous. But Captain Macleod tells me that on Sandwich the women are ground down more than on any of the islands he knows, and are afraid to look at any man but their liege lord. "When here, or indeed anywhere in the Hebrides, you hear of a woman being 'stolen,' don't you believe it," says he , "they go willingly, to escape from some chief who claims them, just the same as that woman has taken up with Dick." The reflection at once comes, and I write it now, being very willing "to take it back," should my opinions hereafter alter, "Is this the result of years ot missionary teach- ing ? What real improvement is there in the habits of these people—in what respect are they materially benefited ?" The reply of the missionary, I suppose, would be :—"You cannot see the change. We have touched their hearts first by faith ; in years to come, slowly but surely, their outward manners will be changed." Certainly, here faith is the evi- dence of things not seen at the first glance. But "levelheaded" Captain Macleod tells me, "I believe the missionaries have every- where done a certain amount of good. They have made the natives quieter ; they have stopped their carrying arms ; they refer their disputes to the missionaries instead of fight- ing, as before. The only thing to be said against the missionaries is that they have always attacked and set themselves in opposition to the traders, instead of working with them. From the commencement they seem to have set themselves against every white man in the Pacific. In an enormous undertaking like the labour trade has been for the last 20 years, of course there have been abuses, but it hasn't done any good to have every white skipper or trader described as a scoundrel. Mr. Macdonald here is a good fellow, and has done as much good as he can, perhaps. He has got the people well under him. You mustn't think that all the missionaries have got such a good billet as he has. I should think he has the best on the group." From all accounts, the Rev. Daniel Mac- donald, the first Victorian missionary, is an active, muscular Christian, one of the church militant when necessary. The missionary "compound," which we enter, is spacious, with some full dozen build- ings therein. There is a frame house with a galvanised iron roof and verandah, other thatched houses for dining-room, stores, servants, visitors, &c.; In the missionary's absence everything is well looked after, every spot is whitewashed, the coral gravelled walks are kept clear from weeds, the fowls which run around are evi- dently well fed, the iron water tanks are full. The master might return at a moment's notice, and find all ready to his hand. Passing through the garden kept clear from all undergrowth, but beautiful with flowering shrubs, we walk into a fine spit of sand, affording good landing at any state of the tide. Here there is a thatched boat-shed, built with a great deal more care than any of the native houses. Two fine boats are in this, one a whale boat capable of navigating the whole of the group during this summer weather, the other, smaller for use in the harbour. Both are well painted and fit for work. It is very evident that the disciples left in charge of the material part of the mission are more faithful to their trust than the teacher "Dick." Looking at the beautiful site of this mission station, at the commodious premises, at the fact that there are evidently a number of willing hands to do all necessary work, not completely isolated from the world either, but on the banks of a harbour where many vessels enter, and close to a store where all the necessaries of life may be procured, I come to the conclusion that a missionary here may lead a happy life. He is the priest and king over his flock ; he has no "elders" to question his orthodoxy, or the length of his sermons ; he is absolute ruler of himself and his followers. How many a toiling curate in England, or poorly paid pastor in Scotch manse, would consider this a life to be envied. I trust Mr. Macdonald will excuse the liberty I took in surveying his house, and that the card I put under his door will remain till his return. If I admire his house I can't say as much for the church close by. It is a thatched barn, the sides of reeds and bam- boos, the floor of broken coral. Logs of wood resembling sleepers are placed on low sup- ports on each side, affording sitting accom- modation for over 100 people. There is a small table and chair at the end. It is Puri- tan in the severity and plainness of the "fixings." There are open windows and open doors. It is the most primitive place of worship one can imagine. We climb another fence and pass a big stye, where the missionary's boar leads an easy life. A fine animal this, whose tusks have grown into the ring so prized by the natives, the teeth of the upper jaw being knocked out to facilitate this operation. On the other side there is a paddock, in which a hundred or so of goats of all ages and sizes, are skipping about. From these the missionary obtains milk and meat. A little further on, and diverging into the bush, we come to a cleared space of ground, "God's acre." A plot is fenced off with coral rock. At one side is a grave, protected by a close, reed paling. I take off my hat, and would place a flower here, were there any at hand. Here lies the mis- sionar's first-born. We may envy him his lot of ease and freedom, but in these isles deadly disease haunts the stranger, the weak, and the infant. European children born in the tropics are always sickly. Each family must give its tithe to death. It is sad to witness the forethought in the large space enclosed as the missionary's own burying place. Outside this there are a dozen graves of Christian natives. They are all covered with coral rock, and one or two have shells placed upon them. Otherwise there is neither head- stone nor name to denote who lies beneath. A mile further on, and we come to old Frank's. For an ancient "beachcomber" he is pretty well fixed. He is building him- self a new house, with plastered walls, thatched roof, and broad verandah. Little Emily is pleased to see me again. Frank has a good patch of land cleared, on which maize is growing. Not that it is to be supposed he works himself. He has two or three labour boys, who, I dare say, have a more or less bad time of it. In the New Hebrides there is no law, no government, and every man can do that which is right in his own sight. I refuse to buy out Frank, land, improvements, squaw, and piccaniny, for £250, which he calculates would provide him with enough square gin to last the remainder of his days. Frank is "powerful" on gin. He once had 100 cases entrusted to him to trade with. He sold 14 cases, and drank the balance, 86 ! The end of our afternoon's walk is Rah- nie, a plantation long settled, now belonging to the New Hebrides Company. Here are some fine crops of maize, which will give 90 bushels to the acre and two crops a year. The process of cultivating this is simple. The land is cleared, the grass burnt off, and the seeds are hoed in. The soil, the rain, the dew, and the air and sun combined, give a happy result. The soil is merely pulverised coral with a mixture of vegetable matter, which, it seems, will grow almost anything. There are here some fine avenues of cocoanut trees, and Captain Macleod is planting these everywhere. Copra at £20 a ton in London pays better than raising maize. At seven years the cocoa tree bears, and from thence for 80 years the nut is valuable as an article of commerce. At Rahnie, I see one of the finest banyan trees in the world, in whose heights a house might be built à la Swiss Family Robinson. There are a number of labourers at work on this estate, which has a frontage of two miles and a half to the beach, and runs back to the mountains. If this is a sample of the soil of the New Hebrides, and if it will last and not become impoverished, they are cer- tainly worth annexing. A drink of fresh cocoanut milk, and we take the homeward track. Between the mis- sion station and the store we have an instance of the old heathen way of life, as opposed to the missionary cult, evidenced in Dick's action, and the mild way in which it was taken by his congregation. On the shore we come on a native sitting on a beached canoe. He idly scrapes the sands with his feet, but keeps a watchful eye on the tracks land- wards. A cocked rifle—a short Snider—leans against a tree two paces from his hand. Around his waist is a belt filled with cart- ridges. Otherwise, he is only clad in a pocket- handkerchief, well-made armlets, and garters of beads, and a gorgelet of pearl shell. His hair is artistically dressed with a wooden comb stuck therein. A muscular, well-made man, with a lurking devil in his eye, whose formidable get-up would be apt to make nervous people feel for their shooting irons. He is very civil, however, is "Charlie," and answers all my questions in good English. He has been in nearly every part of Australia. A labour boy first, he has of late years shipped as one of a boat's crew. Captain Macleod tells me he can get from £3 to £4 a month. His gun and ammunition he purchased in Queensland. The few houses which they call a village, close by where Charlie lives, are inhabited by families who "seceded" from the missionary followers. It is a sort of Adullam. Charlie is sitting here watching the track, as he is in deadly fear. A few weeks back he paid a visit to one of the "bush" tribes inland. A dash- ing and a travelled man, he seduced the affec- tions of one of the wives of a chief, and bore her to his home in triumph. But Menelaus and his friends made such preparations for vengeance that this Vaté Paris sent Helen back. Still, however, they breathe vengeance, and so Paris day after day is waiting for an attack. Till nightfall he sails the water in his canoe, and remains on the shore when he returns until quite dark. No Kanaka will travel then. They are afraid of all evil spirits, of the ghosts of their ancestors, of the unknown terrors which the shades may conceal. They are afraid of the dark, even as children are, as in their mental development they are but children. Charlie Paris is receiving the reward of his misdeeds in having a good scare after giving up his paramour, whereas Preacher Dick still sticks to his female property. The one knows that according to the old order his life is forfeit, the other can only have reproof from the missionary. It is a strange problem thus presented on my first day on Vaté. I promise Charlie to come and see him. I fancy he can tell me something about the labour trade. "Good-bye, Charlie," says Captain Macleod, "but look here, if you come near the store with that rifle and that belt on I'll give you a hiding." Charlie grins and says, "Yes." We wend our way home- ward to what I consider a well-earned drink and dinner after an eight mile walk under the tropical sun. 