MISCELLANY OF HEWS, .When the railway is completed across the t hole length of Newfoundland, corresponding with last steamers on either side, the ocean voyage to the United States will be shortened to foar days, the distance between 3ew York and London lessened by forty-eight hours. " ' The Government have received an tion that an international exhibition will be held at Turin In 1SS4, in which a «Pfcial dm- rioa will be devoted to the exhibition of electrical appliances. Exhibits from ad T»?ttSnT>g Trill be allowed to compete for the prizes, . Dcbxsg the passage of the steamer City oi Adelaide, from Sydney to Melbourne, the officers report that tbe vessel struck a whale. This was at about eight am. on Thursday, 5th July, and the second officer declares that be distinctly saw the whale sink after it hau been run into by the steamer. 3 f The Empress of Austria has a cresd of embonpoint, and kikes violent exercise with a view to retaining her dimness. In addition to her riding cross country, she swims like a fish at Ischl during the summer months, spending several bonis drily in the water with her daughter, the Axchduches3 "Valerie. Now she takes a two hours exercise in fencing daily. Captain Hughes, of the schoonor Florence, frcm Duck River, Tasmania, reports having passed at half-past one a.m. on tbe 5th inst., what he supposed to be a vessel of about 7 0 tons bottom up. It was blowing bard at the time and raining heavily, so that nothing could be distinguished about her, At the time Cape Wickhaiu light bore S. by W, about 20 miles distant, A 2TEW method of reducing corn to meal is now in operation in tbe Northern States of America which is likely to supersede the old mill-stone?. The corn passes over a- series of cylinders provided with fine steel points revolving rapidly against fixed knives, each set finer than tbe one in tbe rear. This meal is exceedingly fine, and, as the machineiy is said to cost less than tbe oid burr stones, there is no excuse for continuing the old methods. The Chief Secretary has rectived a commu nication from the Agent-General, intimating that an exhibition will be held at Louisville, Kentucky, during the present year. The ex hibition is to be opened on the 1st August next, and will remain open for 100 days. It is, however, hardly to be expected that any Vic torian exhibits will be forwarded to this ex hibition, seeing that this is the first intima tion received of one being held, and that the opening day h&3 been fixed for the first of next month. The Premier has received a telegram from the Agent-General, stating that he believes the tendency of public and official opinion in England is gradually coming round in favor of a British protectorate being established over New Guinea. The question of cost involved in establishing and maintaining the protecto rate is a prominent element in the discussion, and the Agent-General believes that if the | colonies were to make a joint specific offer j guaranteeing the payment of the cost of the ; protectorate, sock an assurance would go a long way towards a solution of the diffi culty. The Agent-General has written a despatch to the Premier in which he acknowledges the re ceipt from the Government of a telegram pro- ; testing against the alleged intention on the j part of the English Government to deport i the Irish informers to these colonies. Mr. R, Murray Smith states that he waited on tbe "Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies, and ; was assured by that gentleman that he knew i nothing of the proposal, and that if any sncli in- 1 tention were expressed, he would at once advlso ! Mr. Smith of the fact. At present the only j intention of the Government was to pay the : informers certain sums of money, and protect them while they were in Ireland only. They would be free to go where they might think fit. The death of the Duke of Marlborough, at the age of 61 years, is announced, the cause being heart disease. He was bora in the year 1622, and was educated at Oxford. At the age of 22 he was returned to the House of Commons by tbe family borough of Wood stock. In 1857 he succeeded to the ducal title and was appointed Lord Steward of the Royai Household. In the following year he held office as Lord President of the Council in the Diaraeli Administration. On one occasion Mr. Disraeli offered him tbe position of Viceroy of Ireland, but he declined to accept it. Two years afterwards, however, he consented to succeed the Duke of Abercorn in that office, The Duko was Lord Lieutenant of Oxford shire, a Prince of the Holy Roman Empire and, as descendant in the female line of the great Duke of Marlborough, he enjoyed a pension of £5000 a year, the palace of Blenheim, and " the honor and manor of Woodstock." t A telegram from London to the San Fran cisco papers, on the 2nd June, states " In terest in the Imperial show at Moscow has vanished, and the appearance of its rose- colored featured U beginning to disappear. It was sustained with an iron hand, and early revelations of its darker aide are promised. The Czar's proclamation becomes understood, and an angry murmur makes itself heard. That it should be received with open rioting in St. Petersburg is significant. There tho popula- tion is open in its resentment, and gave Tent to its feelings on Wednesday night by upset ting all the private carriages in the streets. Several of the occupants were injured, and tho rioters only dispersed when charged by the military, Tho entertainments at Moscow were of the most astonishing character, and in credible sums were lavished upon them. The extravagance, from the impend family down to tho smallest ambassador, had absolutely no limit, and is tho talk of Europe." Tho late Professor Able, who died at Bal- larat about two years ago, left behind him a valuable collection of geological spocimcns which he during his lifetime had gathered in all parts of the world. The principal portion of this collection was purchased by the trustees of tho Technological Museum at a cost of about £150, and Mr. O. R. Rule an officer of the museum, is now engaged in classifying the specimens. The collection proves to be a most valuable one, consisting of some remarkably fine specimens of menaca- nite, from Kagoroe, Norway ; red apophylite, from the Harts Mountains; azurites and malachites, from South Australia « euclase, a rare mineral, from the Ural Mountains ; meme- Mfra » Cumberland; ivite.adof gold, from Transylvania ; somerery ,tn- foP" -tones, one weighing 3 lb., from teibena; - eery fine fluor-spars : specimens of a «0'rare mineral named Greenockite Cadmium), from Scotland; bag.ngtomte from Norway ; epidotos. from Danphmy an I Norn ay ; and some very fine iolite and Tttrotonlalitos. Mr. Rule's duty is to identify, classify and name the various specimens which haTebeen placed under his charge, and so soon as he has concluded his work they will be placed in tbe Musenm at the Melbourne Public library. Application toMxubers of Parliament.— Members of Parliament are regarded in a curi ous light bv some of their constituents. I hey constantly" receive letters inviting them to undertake the most difficult and delicate duties. Possibly, however, few hon. members have had stranger experiences than have come to the Scottish members within last few weeks. One of these gentlemen seems to have been regarded as invested with the highest powers that ever belonged to tbe Papal See, and to be able to grant at hi3 sweet will indulgences such as even the most powerful monarchs rarely demanded. The request made by the ingenuous constituent was, it is stated, couched in the most simple and direct lan guage. He wished, he said, to marry his niece and he adjured his Parliamentary represen tative in the most emphatic way to grant hira at once the permission he required. Ho ac tion has, I may state, been taken by the hon. gentleman in the matter. The second iu- stanee almost equals the other iu audacity. The other morning the representative of a Scottish county received from a gentleman who W03 quite unknown to him a modest re quest that he should, withont delay, be sup plied with the addresses of all the merchants in London who were likely to be interested in a certain invention. These addresses, probably about a couple of thousand in number, conld easily be ascertained by reference to the Lon don Directory. It is difficult to conjecture what the next request may be.— London Cor respondent of tbe Scotsman. How Lord Beaconsfield got his Prim rose, — Mr. Wreford publishes in the Western Daily Press the following explanation of Lord Beaconsfield's predilection for primroses. If any old lady likes to send me £1000, although I cannot promise to Ioto her, I will most cheerfully promise to love and cherish any flower that pleases her : — " 30th April, 18S3.— Some two years since you_ were kind enough to insert a letter of mine in re. ference to tbe old lady, Mrs. Brydges Wil- lyame, of Braddons, Torquay, who bequeathed a fortune of £60,000 to the late Earl Beacons- field. The fact of the late Earl's wearing the primrose in his buttonhole arose from the fol lowing incident : — Mrs. Brydges Willyams had for many years been a great admirer and reader of Mr. Disraeli's works, and she wrote him a letter stating her intention of bequeath ing ber property to Mm. This, in the first instance, was thought by the late Earl and his secretary to be a joke, but a short period after a second letter arrived, containing a cheque for £1000. As this was a more tan gible evidence of the old lady'B benevolent in tentions, Earl Beaconafield replied, thanking the donor and accepting an invitation to visit Torquay. During the late Earl's several visits to the residence of the old lady, a bunch of freshly-gathered primroses wa3 every morning brought in from the garden and placed in the reception-room. The late Earl noticed the compliment paid to Mm, and re quested the gardener (Martin) to forward him a box, whenever they were in full bloom, to London. This was done, aud the old gar dener was for years a recipient of a monetary acknowledgment of the same. The old lady — Mrs. Brydgc3 Willyams— now lies entombed in the same vault as the late Earl, and it was eTer considered in Torquay that the illustrious deceased wore the primroso in his coat in re membrance and to the memory of his bene ficent donor." The two ghost stories told by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Psychological Society. When hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, the future defender of vivisection was study ing for the medical profession; he had a horror of the ghastly details of tho business, which he imagined he conld never overcome. Ho was cured, strange to say, by a fright. Hav ing to take some medicine on a windy night to Lancaster Castle, he had to pass through tho room in which he had taken part in dissections. Just as he entered the room with the basket of medicine under his arm the clouds which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and looking up the future biologist saw what he thought was an enormous figure in white, with arms out stretched, looking down upon Mm. Ho turned around, trembling, and against the wall oppo site stood another figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran. The patients in Lan caster Castle got no medicine that night. But when he returned next day and found that he had been frightened by mortuary sheets, he braced Ms nerves up so that ho war soon collecting skulls. He mode a fine set, but for a long time he could not get an Ethiopian skull. At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the young doctor got permission to have his head. It was again a windy night when tho operation of removing the head was determined upon. But, habited in Ms long cloak, then the fasMon, and provided wiih a blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had tho head safely stowed away. As he left tho room in which the coffin lay, how- ever, tho wind Blammed tho door, caught his cloak, and noarly threw him upon his face Attempting to recover himself he lost his hold of tho bag, tho head fell out, and rolled with increasing velocity down a flight of steps, across a courtyard and settled itself upon the neck, with ono eyo open and the other shut, in a room where two women shrieked. Tho professor rushed wildly after it, took no notice of the women, seized tho skull, put it in his bag again, and ran from the castle. Four or five years afterwards he was attending a dying woman, who called loudly for a clergyman, to whom she had JS? to""® .x Til0 doctor logged her to L n: ? was no dergyman near enough to be called iu time. At length she spoke : " Oh, bit, I had a husband who was a negro, and I fear a bad man. He died sir in Lancaster Castle ; and, oh ! sir, I was standing one day in the rooms when my husband a head camo ont of the 'floor, and seemed to ask me to help him. And then sir, the -devil come through- the door, snatched up tile head, pot it into a bag, and disappeared before I could do anything. And I j,... never done anything. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor husband's aoul 1" The Approaching Luther Celebration,- Everywhere in Germany arrangements are being made for a worthy celebration of tba four hundredth return of Martin Luthcr'i birthday, especially in the so- called " Lntber town3." Erfurt ia making special preparation for a grand festival. Daring the week from the 4th to tho 11th of November the fonj Parochial Societies and the Church Musical Societies connected with them will direct a Btries of public musical f£tes, in the course ol which the performance of Meinardu's oratorio Luther in Worms, and another oratorio Luther in Erfurt, are projected. But the greatest sensation will be caused by au intra, ductory festival, which has been fixed for the beginning of August. A historical procession is to be got up to represent the Erfurt tJni. versity authorities and the town council and citizens of Erfurt meeting Luther on his way to Worms. Luther started on the 6th April 1521, from Weimar, on Ms way to Erfurt, An Imperial herald rode in front, and in the same carriage with Luther were some of his oonfi. dential friends. On coining to the boundaries of the town Luther was enthusiastically re- ceived by the Rector and Professors of tho University and by an immense crowd of tho students and inhabitants of Erfurt The pro. cession then advanced slowly, accompanied by forty horsemen, through a dense crowd to wards the town. All the streets, towers, roofs, and walls were covered with people. The pro- cession proceeded to the convent of the Augustines, where Luther took up his resi dence with Lange, a friend of his, in the well known rooms that had witnessed his struggles after truth and peace of mind. This splendid reception of Luther in Erfurt is to be rep» sented by an imposing procession. Forty-five students, natives of Erfurt, studying at various German universities, have issued au enthusiastic appeal to the Protestant students of the whole of Germany to take put in this procession. A committee has been formed at Erfurt, under the presidency of Herr Ober. Regierungsrcth von l'ettau, to make the neces sary preparations, and it is hoped that the artists of Weimar, Dresden and Berlin will assist in the preliminary arrangements. A meeting was held a few days ago, to which the committees of the various guilds and other societies were invited. TMs meeting was numerously attended, and Professor Weissen- born gave a detailed historical account of the event, the natnre of the costumes being also explained from an artistio point of view. It was unanimously decided to spare no effort to make the procession a magnificent, artistic and popular success. The Homeward Sfoil publishes several in teresting notes from various papers respecting medical women for India. The Bombay Chronkk says : — "We hail with sincere and delighted satisfaction the important movement made in this city to give practical effect to the advocacy of affording the much-needed medical relief to the female portion of tbe native community. Tho fact that thou-ands of women annually die in India owing to the almost entire ab sence of medical relief, and thousands of others continuously suffer from painful diseass for want of proper medical treatment, is uni versally admitted as true. The circular oi Messrs Kittredge and Sorabjee Bengalee ap peals direct to the feelings and obligations ol the protector of every respectable family and the well wisher of its members. It appeals forcibly to tho guardian, the husband, the brother, and the son to do their duty to those near and dear to them. That sacred duty,io long neglected or lost sight of, cannot be suf fered to continue in its present deplorable state without disgrace to those bound to perform it aright. The interest which the Empress-Queen Maharanee Funna of Bengal, the Kawab Sin Salar Jung, Mr Sorabjee Bengalee, and other well known representatives of the prince nobility and gentry of India, evince in the pro gress of the movement now being put in prac« tical shape by the above-named two gentlemen of Bombay shows it as fully deserving of all the support that the wealthy and well-to-do citizens of Bombay can givo to it, 60 as to secure tho accomplishment of its important object as a real benefit in their own interest and a3 a good and effective example to their fellow countrymen in other parts of this presi dency — nay, of the whole country." The Indian Spectator Bays : — " Outside of Bombay throughout " the presidency the movement is sure to find favor. We would, therefore, recommend an extended scopo for action from too beginning. Who can Bay that Mr. Kittredge will remain in Bom bay for the next five years, and that Mr. Sorabjee's vigor of youth may last him to long! Aud, besides that, who knows that the pubiio will remain in the same frame of mind aften the novelty of the tiring has wom off ? Wa do not speak lightly in suggesting that ten times 35,000 rupees could bo collected in Bom bay in three months' time. Let a fair start be made with this 35,000 rupees. But do pot rest, good gentlemen, till you have a hospital and a school for regular training of native ladies in general medicine, and especially m midwifery. Our Grant College midwife has not become such a success as bad been expec ted ; and the field is practically open to tba ignorant dai, who, though useful in her way, often causes permanent mlseMef to mother and babe alike." There is not tho least (lopoj (says the Dinbandu) that two or three medical women, if they were properly started sup introduced, would mako a remunerative prac tice, becauso of the patent fact that there many patients of tho other sex who never li»a to appeal to medical men. It is, however, ol extreme importance that tho medical womoa should not be mere novices, but welli BkmW practitioners of experience and reputation. I ia also very essential that they should re directly connected with tho Medical Hospital Messrs. Kittredge and Bengalee have aaaw thus another to many of their services ren dered to Bombay. We commend the schem to the special considerations of all tho modi authorities and Government, The . . Palrika says : — "Tho want of oxpericnce| medical lady doctors for treating female orders in this country has been long felt- lately pointed out in our Marathi columns n our women, rather than subject themselve examination by male doctors, Buffered the w sequonces of their disorders withont J medical treatment, and oven fell victims to early death. Tho pubiio of Bombay ""S heartily to support thoso efforts in <arrVf|jJ out successfully the benevolent sobeme. Government, too, we hope, will gl® port wMch is intended to bo naked "1, them." 