THE GREAT RUSSIAN TELESCOPE. (New York Sun.) has THROUGH the kind invitation of Messrs. Alvan Clark and Sons, a small party of observers from this city paid a visit to Cara " bridgeport for the purpose of beholding the star-lit heavens through the largest and best reflecting telescope in the world for these famous telescope makers have recently completed an object glass 30in. in diameter for the Pulkowa Observatory, the Russian Government making a contract with them for an objective that should exceed in size and perfection of workmanship any other instru- ment of the kind in the world. In order to test the working ([Utilities of the object glass, a : rial mounting has been erected in the yard of the workshop, with dimensions corresponding to the magnitude of the great objective. This temporary structure consists of a pier of solid masonry 27ft. in height, to which is firmly fixed, with various joints, hinges, and movements, a sheet-iron tube made in three sections. The tube is 43ft. in length, and 40in. in diameter. Nothing is more essential to the success of astronomical observation than the weather, and nothing is more uncertain. The mild winter cb w had been almost perfect in its conditions, a clear sunshine, a cloud- less sky, a gorgeous sunset. But as the sun sank below the horizon a fierce wind arose. When this subsided it was succeeded by an intense cold, that made it no pastime to be out in the open air. The members of the observing party, however, nothing daunted, take their places under the stars. The expanse of heaven presents a scene of exceeding beauty. The sky is unflecked by a single cloud, the crisp cold atmosphere is free from a breath of moisture. A suspicion of twilight still lingers in the west, the slender crescent of the new moon, only a day old, holds in her arms the old moon with an outline of remarkable distinctness, and the zodiacal light extends its cone of pale gold high up toward the zenith. The stars swarm in the dark dome arching above is, as they twinkle and glitter in the frosty air. The brightest stars, the most superb clusters that spangle the firmament, are included, in the grand procession, the princely Jupiter marshalling the host. Rising from an unbroken surface of snow, and looming up in the blackness of night with ghost- like indistinctness, the huge telescope , seems to pierce the skies and dwarf to Lilliputian, dimensions the observers at its \- base. We are impressed with the sub- beauty and grandeur of the twinkling mysteries that people the sky depths. We feel that we are on consecrated ground. For on this spot Mr. Alvan Clark, the younger, while testing an object glass, made \- in 1902 one of the great discoveries of the century, the companion of Sirius. Here, too, the great Washington telescope was finished in 1873, and has made itself illustrious by bringing to view, in 1877, the two moons of Mars. There is reason, therefore, to hope that the instrument on which we are now looking, with its larger calibre, and Under the skilful handling of Otto Struve, will become even more famous on astronomical records. Object glass, eye piece, and other acquired appurtenances are in position, and the great eye is pointed at the planet Saturn. The \- transformation is like a vision of fairy land. The pale star, on which a moment since we had looked with the unaided eye is now a creation of surpassing loveliness, the most charming telescopic object the heavens reveal. Saturn, his rings and his moons are before us. The disk a golden sphere crossed by faint cloud bands of a delicate creamy tints, the wonderful rings softly cradling the planet, seven of the eight moons beaming from the dark background of the sky, Titan, the largest moon, showing a perceptible disk, make up the shining picture. Every detail , of the magnificent and complex Satur mail system is complete. The shadowy cloud bands on the disk ; the outer ring, with its main; line of division ; the division between the outer and inner rings ; the second or inner ring ; the third or crepe ring, closely joined to the second and the break in the rings formed by the shadow of the planet. There is, however, an imperfection in the view. The definition is not perfect-a most important element where planets are concerned. It would seem that telescopes of such dimensions should magnify objects in proportion to the size. But such is not the case. Saturn looks but little larger than in a smaller glass, though much brighter. For the great telescopes collect and concentrate all the light that falls upon them, and herein lies their power. The colouring of the picture is exquisite. The glorious orb, its surface resplendent with liquid gold, is crossed by a central band of creamy white and flecked with spots of delicate prismatic hues, and the ring? are curiously variegated in colour, the innermost being of a rich purple. The planet seems almost to stand upright within the encircling ring, only a small portion being visible beneath them. We were fortunate in seeing him under a very favourable aspect. For his rings are opening wider, his northern decli- nation is increasing, and he is approaching perihelion. These conditions will culminate in 1880. Jupiter is the next object to test the space-annihilating glass. The prince of planets is superb, larger than the full moon," though but little larger than we have seen him many times in a telescope of 8in. aperture. He is, however, much brighter, on account of the light-collecting power of the glass. Though by no means as magnificent as Saturn, he far exceeds him in mass and volume, and, as, he is twice as near we see him on a much larger scale. The giant of the system takes on grand proportions, the flood of light iron- diating hb, surface brings out every minute detail. His broad belts are delicious in colouring, suffused with pale rose, mottled with soft gray, purple, blown, and delicate green. We have seen Jupiter when the definition was much more perfect, but never with the variety of time and tone we behold this night ; never before did he seem so near, so grand in proportions, so symmetrical in equipoise. Ilia four satellites' are in line on his left, and bear witness to the power of the telescope by presenting disks instead of points. We find it difficult to decide which of the two pictures is the more beautiful. Saturn is more magnificent, more complex, more curious, but Jupiter A more majestic, more like the great sun himself. We have time for only one more view, and this is to be the great nebula of Orion. In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, the little wisp of cloud haze around the star in the sword of the mighty Hunter that is visible to the unaided vision becomes one of the most glorious spectacles that ever breaks upon the untrained eye of an observer. The most wonderful tubular the northern skies reveal is before HE, Idling the field of view, and suffused with a celestial light suggestive of the holy city- that had " no need of the sun. neither of the moon to shine in it for the glory of God did lighten it." The delicacy of the celestial glow pervading the scene is beautiful beyond expression. The central point of interest is the famous trapezium, consisting of four blight shafts and two smaller ones. Around the ยก-e.vtuple grow'.)) radiate ' a what term to be the head and branching . harm of some huge animal, the trapezium occupying its oยก>/"i"mouth, and surrounding a space offley v. slim which reads the black- i scion of a slave. Spiral curves of nebulous ยก haze fill in the field of vision, the radiating mass being of a delicate green tint, while, dotted over the shadowy haze and mingling with it in mysterious union are numerous bright stars, imparting an element of life to the formless void and helping to light up this scene of indescribable grace and grandeur which no pencil may paint, no words describe. The fascinating picture holds us spellbound. We realise the power of the mighty piece of mechanism that brings to our eyes this amazing creation of distant space, this incomprehensible blending of stars and star dust. Definition is of little consequence in observing the shadowy nebula?. Light is the element needed, and nearly every day that falls upon the great objective is faithfully transmitted to the observing eye. Imagination seeks in vain to fathom this mystery of mysteries, this chaotic mass so beautifully fashioned, this lovely blending of tints of gold and delicate green, this flood of light that started from distant space hundreds of years ago, this spiral form that reveals the quickening pulse of material life. We feel as we gaze upon the celestial scene that we are standing upon the thresh- aid of the golden portal that separates the earthly from the heavenly. We have a glimpse of the glory to be revealed. The Russian objective will soon be transported to its destination in the Pulkowa Observatory, founded by the Czar Nicholas, and overlooking the city of the Czars from its lofty position on the Pulkowa hills, nine miles south of St. Petersburg. 