CHRONICLES OF MARAH: MISS NASMYTH'S LEGACY, AND WHAT CAME OF IT.-B Y MARK WEST. CHAPTER I. AT the corner of Bowen ana Church streets, in Marah, stands a large stone, many-windowed cottage, only separated from the road in front by a narrow strip of garden and a low privet hedge; hut on the Church-street side it is screened from the view of a too curious public by a high and thick hawthorn hedge, studded at short intervals with tall and stately poplar trees. This hedge, with its sentinel poplars, shuts in a garden of half an acre or so; which lies mainly at the back of the house, sloping, with an inclination so gentle as to be almost imperceptible, to the next street. It is a pretty and retired spot, yet a lively—for Marah ; since it looks out into Bowen-street—thoroughfare second only in importance to Bustle-street, the main one—and commands a fine and interesting view of the post-office, the Oriental Bank, with its shady cypresses, and the side entrance to the " Golden Crown." True, this view has to be obtained by craning one's neck over the little gate and glancing down the street; but still it is there, undeniably, to be enjoyed at any moment. The situation of the cottage, though eminently desirable, has one or two drawbacks; the principal one being that the tranquil, silent shade cast by the hawthorn hedge over the pathway in Church-street, where passers-by are few, and trooper's footstep seldom wakes the echoes, presents an irresistible attraction to inebriated shearers and harvesters, who, having " knocked down" their cheques at the hotel at the farther corner, retreat with uncertain gait to the grassy footway and grateful shelter, there to recover their senses and repent them of their exceeding folly; operations usually accompanied by soul- terrifying groans and snorts and much horrible internal convulsion. But this ceremony only occurs at a certain season of the year—the perennial " travellers" not having discovered this useful service of the hedge, or not being in a sufficiently good monetary position to require it, and it has always been calmly accepted as a necessary evil, and philosophically remedied when the limits of patient endurance have been reached. Here once dwelt Miss Nasmyth, our old maid, whom I must plead guilty to having inadvertently omitted when on a former occasion I enumerated the families making up the sum of society in Marah. At first sight I may perhaps lay myself open to the charge of a somewhat Irish ambieruity of speech in now including her amongst the families, since she was of necessity one, by herself, one. But as she^never was alone, being constantly visited and surrounded by an ever- changing circle of attentive and affectionate Btep-siBters and cousins, nephews, and neices, who, despite the dulness of our township, were one and all ever ready on the slightest encouragement to tear themselves from the wild dissipation of the metropolis and devote themsevles to her amusement for an indefinite period; and as Noark-cottage—her residence—was undoubtedly the head centre of gaiety in Marah, I feel myself justified in not only numbering her household among the families, but pronouncing it to be socially one of the most important of them. Noark-cottage was instinct with cheerful life at that time. Birds sang unceasingly in the pleasant aviary at the sunny end of the deep creeper- covered verandah; the door bell chimed merrily at marvellously short intervals—for Marah—through the day ; bees hummed a busy second to the sound of voices echoing cheerfully through house and garden, and the weedless flower beds were gay at all seasons of the year with sweet bright flowers, from the scented violet and narcissus of winter and spring to the stout-hearted geranium and brave plumbago with Boft lavender bloom of summer and autumn. Now, its many windows are boarded over, the noise of singingbirds has ceased from the aviary in the verandah corner; the bell rusts, sadly whispering to the wind a faint echo of its old tone, a very ghost of sound; and tall weeds rule rudely over the once trim and odorous garden beds. The climbing plants have laced and matted themselves together in wild, unchecked luxuriance, darkening the verandah as with a sombre curtain; and this— what is this shapeless unsavoury thing bearing some dim, dry resemblance to the form of an animal, lying on the step, as if, living, it had crawled just so far only to die ? Ah ! poor puss ! you were indeed faithful unto death! Gaunt and melancholy, refusing to be comforted, declining every invitation—proffered by many for his late mistress's sake—to leave his desolate home, he stalked mournfully about the deserted place, bewailing his loss with dismal plaint till life and strength gave out together, and he stretched himself out here to die. Here, then, in this now neglected, forsaken spot, dwelt our old maid, Miss Nasmyth. She was a slender, active old lady of middle height, and erect as the poplars that grow beside her garden hedge; with a profusion of wealthy banded soft grey hair and grey eyes, whose steady, searching, sometimes cynical light had on occasion the power of convincing such unhappy object on whom it might be bent—generally a member of the opposite sex —that he was, after all, but a transparent imbecile, capable of any mean ambition or gross, if natural, folly; or of being the owner of some cunningly concealed moral obliquity, and a pitiful fellow at best. This silent but unflattering appraisal, performed with a faint smile lurking round the corners of eyes and mouth, was naturally submitted to under protest; the accused feeling himself aggrieved and embarrassed, as he became conscious that he had been swiftly weighed in Miss Nasmyth's mental balance and found humiliatingly wanting. This expression was occasional, not habitual; and was never bestowed on young girls, for whose faults and follies Miss Nasmyth had an unfailing fund of consideration andgentle forbearance. Itseemed rather to be the special portion of the male sex, and appeared to be the result of long stud v of a species applied to individuals; and, in rare instances and modified degree, it rested on women in whom her piercing eye had discovered traits of character of which she disapproved. But, notwithstanding this peculiarity, she was much liked and honoured among us, even by those who stood slightly in awe of her ; and had many claims on our interest. She was rich and hospitable ; she was an old resident; she was lonely, despite her attentive relatives, who, having failed in gaining the good will of Marah, and having displayed certain ignoble tendencies, had gained the unflattering nick-name of the ' Vampire Host"—and, moreover—delightful thought!—she had a romantic early history. Of the particulars of this mysterious Past no one knew anything for certain but Dr. Weatherly, who had heard it from an old friend of his own and connexion of Miss Nasmyth's; but the doctor was impenetrable on the subject. It was said that she had had some severe trouble while yet in her " teens;" in connection with which there were whispers of a deceitful lover, a broken engagement, a cruel stepmother, neglectful father, unkind relations, and all the other staple elements of romance; these figures changing places kaleidoscopically according to the hands in which the history happened to be at the time. Dr. Weatherly, when questioned by the unwary regarding it, was wont to construct wild and impossible legends and present them as veritable relations of Miss Nasmyth's story, with the utmost gravity and composure. As, for instance, that she had fallen into a trance and had been buried for twenty-one days ; at the end of which time she had come to life again, and patiently scratching her way back to earth, had returned home to find her property disposed oi and her personality denied; and to be denounced as a snare set by the Evil One. Or that she had been on the eve of marriage with a gentleman of sinister aspect and great wealth; whose immensely long beard was of such a lovely blue black hue that every young lady to whom he paid the slightest attention immediately fell in love with him, and that while visiting him in his magnificent mansion with her mother, she had, in an idle moment, penetrated to a cellar deep down in the bowels of the earth, in which cellar were eight niches, each niche containing a coffin, seven of them containing headless corpses, in whose features (!) she recognised long-lost friends of her own. And that, feeling instinctively that the eighth coffin was prepared for her, she fled from the spot with suddenly-whitened hair. Or, again, that she had been betrothed to a gentleman whose much burning of midnight oil led her fondly to hope that he would some day burst upon a dazzled world a brilliant author ; and that natural anxiety and constitutional curiosity at length TO HER HORROR SHE SAW HIM PRACTISING THE BLACK ART BY MEANS OF A DEATH'S HEAD AX D CROSSROXES.—CrrAI'. L becoming uncontrollable, she endeavoured to appease them by looking in at his study window, which was at the top of a tower •seven stories high, when, to her horror, she saw him practising the Black Art by means of a death's head and crossbones, a brass crucible, a black torn cat, a large, brass-bound volume printed in nlood, and a photograph of the devil, who was too busy at the time to wait upon him in person. Such marrow-curdling relations did the doctor invent with much unction and sedute composure; till, the melodramatic language iirst arousing the suspicions of the eager listener, the improbability of the narrative dawned upon him, and he, perceiving that he.was being trifled with, withdrew disconcerted and abashed. Thus much, however, was positively known ; that, whatever the nature of her early trouble, it had caused" her to cease from all intercourse with her relatives for many years—who, headed by her stepmother, had discovered her later in the first tiush of proved prosperity, and, abasing themselves before her, refused to be denied ; that from girlhood she had worked to earn her own living with such patient self-denial and steady hard work, that at thirty-live she had amassed considerable savings, which, by dint of judicious and fortunate investment, she had increased so materially that, some eight or ten years later, she appeared on the horizon of Marah as the owner of Noark, a station some 20 miles . to the south-west. Such a phenomenon as a female stationholder had not been seen in that district before ; and her progress was watched with much kindly curiosity and interest, which strengthened into genuine respect and admiration as year after year passed, proving her more successful than the last. At length, after 15 years of active, energetic money-making as a "squatter," she had sold Noark to Mr. Stevens—whose widow, a little later, lired by the example of our old maid, herself managed the station successfully—at a high figure; and, to the surprise of the neighbourhood, settled in Marah. This surprise was natural enough, for the old lady had no close friends or even intimate acquaintances there at the time, and, indeed, had only entered the township on one occasion, transacting all necessary station business at Middle Bay, which lay some eight or ten miles nearer to her. The one occasion referred to was when she had visited it to make arrangements for the burial of a " traveller" who had died on her run, a matter which had excited some little wonder at the time, since she not only caused the man to be decently interred, but had even had a plain little stone cross put up at his head bearing his initials and date of his death, a care seldom accorded to those waifs and strays of the bush. But any feeling of curiosity had soon died away, having nothing to feed on; and there only remained admiration for the tender womanly feeling that had prompted her to provide a quiet resting-place for the otherwise unconsidered dead. Between Dr. Weatherly and Miss Nasmyth a warm and strong friendship had sprung up from the date of the former's arrival in Marah, twelve years before the old lady's death ; having its root in the tender affection and kindness she had shown to the doctor's young wife, who, coming a bride to the township full of love and life, had laid herself down to rest in the old cemetery a year later, with her new-born baby on her breast. This friendship never varied, but rested firm and unwavering, a beautiful fact, for many a pleasant year, till Atropos raised the fateful shears, aud—after how brief a pause— cut the thread of our old maid's blameless life. One hot morning at the end of February Dr. Weatherly was seen walking with rapid steps to Noark-cottage, regardless of the violence of a fiercely blowing north wind; a circumstance considered as hardly noteworthy in itself, since Miss Nasmyth had, as usual, one of the "Vampire host" staying with her in the person of her step-sister, Mrs. Knox, a lady who occasionally varied the monotony of life in Marah by well-pronounc.ed hysterical attacks, requiring prompt medical treatment. Therefore it was placidly supposed that "Mrs. Knox was in a temper again." and languid wonder was expressed that the doctor should hurry himself on so dreadful a day on her account. But when it became known later that Miss Nasmyth herself was dangerously ill with an acute affection of the throat, very different was the feeling of anxiety and regret aroused everywhere by the news. Volunteer nurses appeared from every quarter and of all ranks, eagerly proffering their services; for, on the first intimation of danger, Mrs. Knox had yielded herself up an unresisting and aggravating prey to hysterics, thereby rendering herself utterly useless and necessitating her entire exclusion from the invalid's room. But service from anyone was not needed for long; with steadfast fortitude Miss Nasmyth met her death-agony, as she had met and subdued her life troubles—uncomplaining and alone. The sad news had barely had time to spread through Marah before the telegraph wire flashed a message from " F. Weatherly " to "C. Young, Esq., Eldon-chambers, Collins-street, Melbourne." The message ran thus:—" Miss Nasmyth died last night; necessary, on account of heat, to come at once ;" and was delivered at the address to a short, spare gentleman of about forty-five. He seemed very much startled and grieved by the sudden intelligence, and sat for some silent minutes holding the telegram in his hand with bent head and tightly-closed lips, as if struggling with a tendency to more demonstrative sorrow. " Poor Miss Nasmyth !" he murmured, " poor thing ! There is a good woman gone ! This will be a fresh blow to Margaret Lusellian. ,God bless me ! I am fated to bear ill news to that poor eirl ; but I must do the best I can for her own sake, and for the sake of all those gone before, whom I knew and loved. Poor Miss Nasmyth!" He looked at his watch ; and then rang a little handbell, which was immediately answered by an elderly man. " I am going to Albert-park, Mathews " said Mr. Young. " I know you will be sorry to lifar that Mrs. Lusellian has lost another relative ; Miss Nasmyth, you know." " Dear, dear, sir !" said the eldedly man ; " I am sorry for the poor young lady indeed. Dear, dear !" " Yes indeed," said Mr. Young abstractedly ; and taking his hat he started on his painful errand. CHAPTER II. In the dingy little parlour of a second-rate lodging-house at Albert-parlc, facing the north, and therefore receiving the brunt of the hot wind that was raging outside, a tall young lady Btood, wearily giving a music lesson to a frowsy-headed and freely-perspiring child. The atmosphere o£ the room was stifling and oppressive, redolent of the odours peculiar to second-rate boarding-houses, which presented in this case an unsavoury combination of apples and cheese, with a distant suggestion of groceries and the steam of present preparing and gathered remembrance of many past meals. The one window was rigidly shut to exclude, as far as possible, that pertinacious wind, that whistled and shrieked for admittance, Hinging occasional showers of dust and sand against the panes witli a pattering sound as of tiny hailstones. " One, two, three, four," counts the teacher, pushing the hair back from her hot forehead, " stop, that was not right—try once more." " Yes, Mrs. Lusellian," says the frowsy-headed child sedately, and plods patiently through the exercise once more ; while Mrs. Lusellian counts, moving to and fro to counteract an almost irrepressible tendency to retrospective reverie, with which she has been bravely battling all the morning. She is about four-andtwenty, and is slight and pale, looking all the slighter and paler from the heavy mourning she wears. Brown, waving hair strays in vagrant rings over her forehead; her eyes are large and •wonderfully clear, Irish grey in colour, with black outline of the iris, and are full of a proud courage and gentle frankness; which expression is repeated in the short upper lip and pretty closed curves of the mouth. "One, two, three, four," she counts [mechanically, striving to shake off that ever-growing tendency to reverie, which grows , more and more troublesome. At last the tedious lesson is over; i the sedate pupil departs ; and her teacher drops into the only ' easy chair the room can boast, with a little sigh of relief. How she loathes teaching! but it must be done in spite of hot winds, disinclination, close rooms, and inodorous pupils. And Mollie, ; her poor Mollie ! What a terrible day for her to be out. Ah ! if I only — and with that little, quick-escaping phrase the flood of ; memory, against which she has been lighting, overwhelms her; ' the little room fades out of view; and vision after vision of days : gone by pass before her like the slides of a magic lantern. Slide the first! Two little girls of eight and nine shyly making acquaintance at a great boarding-school; both motherless, both only children, both idolised by their [respective fathers, Mr. Page | the rich merchant, and Mr. Lusellian, the also rich squatter. What a life of rose leaves without a crumple was theirs ! How Btroug a : bond, never once disturbed, never to be broken, thinks the ] dreamer, with a glow about her heart, was cemented in those j happy childish dnys. Working together, playing together, the j dreamer sees those bright little figures never apart. Holidays are | spent at each other's homes; now among the charms of town at Mr. Page's splendid house, in a never-ending whirl of pantomimes, boating on the Yarra—dangerous pastime—excursions to Ferntree-gully, picnics of a less comprehensive kind. visitB to Royal-park, and many and gorgeous children's parties; now among the dearer, because wilder delights of the bush at Askwith, Mr. Lusellian's station, where they rode and drove ; roamed about at their own sweet will; fishing for insignificant but much-prized crayfish in the little creek thatgurgled through the horse paddock, or searching for gum, dear to all Australian children ; and followed on these foot excursions by a panting but obsequious attendant, whose life was a burden to her by reason of those lestless children. Poor Patty! the dreamer, thinks with a smile and a sigh, how much she would like to look upon the kindly face of that long-suft'ering waiting-maid once more! And oh ! for the fresh winter wind Jaden with the aromatic odours of the bush, blowing keenly across the widereaching plains ! And oh! for those winter evenings when that same wild wind Bighed restlessly round the house, seeking entrance but finding none; when the rose branches beat a gentle tattoo on the window panes ; and the wood fire piled high in the open fire-place filled every nook and corner of the great drawingroom at Askwith with dancing fitful light Ah me! what a painful longing after that gracious time was here ! Slide the second ! What is this gay scene stealing into view ? A ballroom lighted and decorated as surely never ballroom was lighted and decorated out of fairyland before! Among the crowd of finely- dressed people flash naval uniforms ; for there is a foreign man-of-war in the bay. This is Margaret Page's nineteenth birthday, and her father celebrates the occasion by giving a grand ball; ait which Margaret and.her friend Molly Lusellian come out. How lovely Mollie looked that night! a radiant vision with yellow hair glistening like crisp gold, and happy amber eyes ; how madly all the naval officers fell in love with her, Margaret, the dreamer, thinks with a smile! Who so courted then as Miss Lusellian and Miss Page, only daughters and supposed heiresses of their respective fathers ? Who so grand looking as her own much-loved, grej'-haired father, as he moved here and there among his guests, the very picture of a well-bred man and genial host ? Who so handsome among all that crowd of younger men, or so much sought after by prudent mammas and so evidently appreciated by their daughters as Mr. Lusellian, with his fair, distinguished face, handsome eyes and close-cut yellow hair, carrying his forty-one years as if they were at least ten less? Then the period of feverish gaiety following that memorable ball, that whirl of pleasure on pleasure, excitement on excitement, till exhausted nature cried " Hold ! enough !" and they retired to Askwith perforce to recruit. How dearly they had loved Askwith. There was, after all, a greater charm to them in its fragrant solitude, its freedom from restraint, its simpler pleasures, than in all the high tide of Melbourne gaiety. Slide the third. Ah ! this slide is dim with scalding tears and dark with mourning; for here is the vivid presentiment of Margaret's first sorrow. Her heart sickens afresh with heavy pain as she recalls the bewildering blow of her father's sudden death ; her dearly-loved father whom she adored with the force of a strong, yet gentle, loving nature. This blow was. followed by a second of a different nature, the meaning of which she was hardly allowed to realise through the care and tenderness of her friends, Mr. Lusellian and Mr. Young. She was no heiress ; the vast wealth with which her father had been credited had melted away in disastrous speculations ; and all that remained to her was a life policy of £2,000. Under her father's will she became Mr. Lusellian's ward, and thenceforth dwelt with him and Mollie ; the interest on her £2,000, as her guardian gently told her, " being to help her in dress." She and Mollie were never separated now for the shortest time, and, as every month passed, increasing, if that were possible, their love and care for each other and for Mr. Lusellian, she brightened once more into the calm, happy-hearted, frankly-courageous Margaret that she had been in the old time of supposed wealth and real happiness in her father's house. And now appears an active elderly figure on the slide. This is Aunt Nasmyth, a disturbing element, from her distant home in another colony, anxious, in her capacity of second cousin, to adopt Margaret, and bear her away from her second father and dearly-loved Mollie. Could such a thing be ? Perish the thought. Margaret soon learned from Mr. Lusellian his ideas on the subject, and while she loved Aunt Nasmyth for the kindness that had prompted such an offer, at a time when, with her expectations of wealth, she appeared to have lost all interest for her relatives, she gently but firmly refused to go. " They would miss me," she pleaded, " and I could not live without them. Mollie and I have seldom been separated for more than a week at a time since I was nine and she was eight." " You will marry," said Miss Nasmyth, " and then you must separate." " Never," cried Margaret, laughing, looking with clear eyes into her aunt's sober face. " We are going to be two old maids, and take care of Mr. Lusellian. He could not do without us." " I believe not." said Miss Nasmyth, drily ; " but for all that I am going to ask him to give you to me." Margaret bent and kissed her, shaking her head the while in happy confidence at the result of such a monstrous request. Miss Nasmyth preferred this request that very evening, with the result that Margaret felt so certain of. Moliie scoffed at the bare notion, and Mr. Lusellian courteously but firmly refused it. " After all," said Miss Nasmyth, looking searchingly at Mr. Lusellian, " I think I have the best right to her. She is my niece—cousin, I mean." " She is my ward by her father's will," said he, flushing under the look, and with an odd, defiant ring in his voice. "And we could never do without her ; and she is content with our love and care, are you not, Margaret?" Margaret, for answer, slipped her hand through his arm and gave it a little squeeze, as she had often done with her own father. " You know I am," she said, simply. Miss Nasmyth looked at the girl's frank face half wistfully, and then turned to Mr. Lusellian with—was it a question or was it reproach ?—in her eyes. He kept his gaze steadily turned on Margaret " I think you are wrong," said Miss Nasmyth, addressing him with that strange expression still on her face, " but I suppose I must accept your decision." And exit Aunt Nasmyth displeased. Slide the fourth ! Scene—Mr. Lusellian's house at Kew. Time —Late on the evening of Margaret' s twentieth birthday. To-day, among many birthday gifts she has had one that has caused her considerable perplexity and dismay ; it being nothing less than a letter from one of her many admirers, containing her first E roposal. There is nothing clandestine about it; for not only as the offer been made with her guardian's consent, but the letter has been delivered by his hand, and he is to convey the reply himself. Margaret stands in the lamp-lit room, nervously turning a letter over and over in her hands. To her enters Mr. Lusellian. "Well, Margaret?" he says. She looks up at him in surprise ; can he be angry with her, his voice is so queer? She puts the letter into his hands. " Yes or no ?" says Mr. Lusellian, with strange eagerness. " No, of course, you foolish man," says Margaret blushing indignantly and speaking in the caressing tone she and Mollie involuntarily adopt when addressing him. " You ought to have know better"—but hje turns from her and throws the letter down. Can this be ? Her playfellow in childhood, her elder brother, father, friend, and guardian in girlhood, is for the first time in his life angry with her. She stands appalled ; and he, taking two ttirns about the'room, returns and takes her hands in his. '"Thank God!" he says huskily. "I could not spare you, sweet Meg," " Of course not," says Margaret, reassured ; there is no anger in the flushed handsome face before her. " I do not want to leave you and Mollie." " I will not give you up to anyone," he says. "You foolish fidget," cries Margaret, freeing her hands and giving him a gentle shake by the lappets of his coat, " don't you hear me ? I am not going to be given to anyone." " I want you myself, dear Meg, sweet Meg," he says, catching her hands once more, " for my own wife." Ah! will Margaret ever forget the shock of horror, of repulsion at this momentous and unlooked-for change in their relations? She stood looking at him tor a dreadful moment with white face and dilating eyes, speechless; till the growing pain of his face recalled her to herself.. In a moment the remembrance of past years of unvarying love, and protection, and tender care he nad shown her rose to her mind, with her strong affection and deep gratitude to him and her undying love for Mollie. With a mighty effort she controls herself. She says, still trembling, that he has startled her; and begs him timidly to give her a little time for consideration. If she could be sure that it would add to his happiness, she would gladly and proudly give herself to him ; upon which he had taken her in his arms, and thanked and blessed her. She had told Mollie that night, with unconscious pathetic distress in her great eyes, but in a matter-of-fact way, as if Mr. Lusellian's proposal were the most natural thing in the world. And the two girls, both inwardly shocked, but too loyal to give expression to the feeling when caused by one who hitherto could do no wrong in their eyes, had quaintly agreed that, since his heart was set on it, this thing should be, arriving at this decision on both sides with the same loyal love that allowed no hint of disappointment or disapproval to escape in either word or look. Thus the bond was more firmly riveted than ever between the two girls, and Margaret became Mrs. LuseHian, brightening, she is now proud to think, the lives of husband and stepdaughter for three peaceful years. Slide the fifth! Ah ! picture of sorrow and agony! bathed with tears, and draped with black. The dreamer sees with fresh springing tears and spasm at her heart that dreadful procession that entered their house a short year before; that group of herror-stricken men who with slow steps and pitying eyes had lifted and carried in the body of her husband, flung from his horse, and killed instantaneously a few yards from his own gate. After that terrible blow chaos seemed to have come again. When the two mourners had buried their cherished dead, a fresh treuble was awaiting them, the edge of which was, however, blunted by what had already befallen them. They were almost penniless, these two young, gently-nurtured, carefullycultured women. It proved on examination of Mr. Lusellian's affairs that with all his lavishly tender care for them during his life he had neglected to provide for wife and daughter in case of his death. His two stations, Claremont and Askwith, were heavily mortgaged, and the sale of his house and furniture at Kew would barely cover his private debts. This new trial had at first little significance for them—they had lost an idolised husband and father. But they presently found themselves face to face with the world with their living to earn, and a very small sum of money; whereupon they, unwilling to separate, had taken cheap lodgings at Albert-park, and begun life, the one as teacher of singing, the other as a music mistress. Here at this point in their joint history, Margaret, the dreamer, awoke with a little shiver to the reality of the solid present, and she fell a-thinking how few pupils they had, and how dismally ill-paid they were for those few ; and how—with a wrench at her heart—ill the terrible change of circumstances suited her bright beautiful Mollie; who, keeping her happy cheerful spirit, was yet daily, hourly losing health and strength under pressure of unaccustomed work and fare, and uncongenial surroundings, while her young stepmother, pale and anxious, watched with an ever-increasing dull ache of heart, the slight form growing slighter, the thin cheek growing thinner, till she almost cried aloud in agony of terror at the change. This current of sad thought was suddenly checked; for a violent ring was given to the door bell and a pleasant, wellknown voice was hfeard asking for " Mrs. Lusellian." " Mr. Young !" cried Margaret joyfully ; and drew him into the room with bright welcome. " Ha, Margaret, nay dear," said Mr. Young, noting with keen eye the seldom seen signs of recent grief in the brave face of his pretty hostess, " the heat is playing up finely with you too ; I am gradually wasting or rather melting away to a shadow." "It m hot," said Margaret smiling, but what [a dreadful day for you to choose for a morning call at such a distance, Mr. Youn"." " An !" said Mr. Young gravely, " it was hardly choice— business brought me—sad business, which I grieve to have tell you. It is some years since you have your Aunt Nasmyth, Margaret ?" " Yes .'" said Margaret with startled eyes. " Poor thing !" said Mr. Young, clearing his throat uneasily, " Death has been busy with your family of late, my dear." " Yes," said Margaret wincing, pale as death herself now. " She died last night at Marah, Margaret; I had a telegram this morning from Weatherly—you remember Dr. Weatherly at my house some years ago ? And, old friend—don't cry J God bless me ! Don't cry, Margaret,- my poor girl—dear me ! Man is certainly born to trouble as the sparks—there Margaret, my brave girl ; don't cry so, for God's sake. Listen to me." Mr. Young was in a dreadful state of concern, and was pulling his short beard distractedly as he essayed to comfort her ; for Margaret, oppressed by those haunting memories of the past, by her ever-present fear for Mollie, and ;by unnoticed physical exhaustion, had broken down utterly, and was crying hysterically for the first time in all her companion's long knowledge of her. But presently, much to Mr. Young's delight, she recovered herself with a violent effort, and when she turned to him a once more composed face he went on with his communication, "There," he said, soothiugly, almost as if she were again a child as when he first knew her. " Now, my dear, brave girl, you must listen to me. It was your aunt's last wish, expressed both to me and Weatherly, that you should follow her to the grave. Listen to me," he went on, as Margaret with burning face and parted lips seemed about to speak, "she provided for the gratification of this whim or wish, poor dear lonely woman, by directing in her will that all necessary travelling expenses should be defrayed both for you and me. Wait till I finish ; you must go ; for under her will you are to have certain furniture which you must select yourself. Stay, Margaret," with a restless idea that she was about to interrupt him, " listen to me a little longer. The bulk of her fortune she has bequeathed to found a charitable institution, the scheme of which she had been maturing for many years ; but she has also left you a small sum of money, hedged about with singular conditions which I am pledged not to reveal to you till after the funeral and in Marah. This seems very mysterious, but it is really very simple. If, however, you refuse to go to her funeral, or when there to accept the condition, the sum is to go to another institution. So you see you • must go." " Yes," said Margaret, in a low voice. " Come, that's right," said Mr. Young, approvingly. " Now, do you think you can put sufficient things together for a week's , 1 sojourn, and be ready to start with me from Spencer-street at seven this evening?" "Yes," sairl Margaret once more. "Capital," sairl Sir. Young, briskly. "I always thought you were a model of a woman, Margaret, and now, as I have some necessary business to get through before I go, I must be off. My love to Mollie," he rose as he spoke, but was stopped by a voice at the door. "Mollie is much obliged, monsieur," said that young lady herself, who had entered quietly, and was now standing pale from the excessive heat, but still a wondrously fair vision, in the doorway. "Dear me," said Mr. Young, regarding her with patent admiration, " you are somewhat thinner, Mollie, and a trifle more ethereal than you used to be; but you always remind me of embodied sunbeams." "Thank you," said Mollie, merrily, making him a. profound courtesy, " that is really a pretty compliment from an old friend ; but what brings you out on such a horrible day ? Not to make pretty speeches to me, surely ?" . "Do j'ou think you young people usurp all the energy," asked Mr. Young. " I was obliged to come, my dear. Margaret will tell you; I have not time. Good- bye for the present. I'll send Matthews to take in your luggage, Margaret; he shall bring a cab at half-past C; don't be late, my dear." Margaret lost no time in acquainting Mollie with the burden of Mr. Young's communication; and as the two gathered and p icked what she required for the journey, they occupied themselves in wondering as to with what conditions a wry/ small sum of money could be hedged about. "I know," said Mollie, at last, "the sum is twenty-five pounds, and the conditions that you buy a mourning ring!" 