' , It is gratifying to observe that at last tho v question of Local Self Government for tho provinces of New South Wales is to bo set fairly ' beforo the people. Time after timo :: ?have ,wo urged in these columns and else wherG' the evils of centralization ; but until 'Kthe question is put broadly to tho peoplo of -V.the colony, until tlio electors or iNow Boutti '? ' 'Wales shall determine thr'jugli their repre sentatives in Parliament that ono compre hensive system of local self-government ' shall bo adopted and put in operation v .throughout the colony, it is needless for ono v person to declaim on it in isolated places. however, the question of giving tho lrtvnnlsfi TfiniliRii.fi ffiv rvrnntipnl -roni-lr stimns f.n — r. ? -i ? l ? ? — v,;:be 'solved. An association of influential ;l fgentlemen has been formed in Sydney for ? the purpose of promoting local selfgovern ment in this country. This association '' already is up and doing, and has held several u - meetings, a brief report of ono having been ? already reprinted in our columns. We have , before us a newspaper report: of a similar meeting- held by the Sydney promoters in ? 'the- 'Victoria Theatre, Parramatta, on the 14th ultimo; and throughout, the speeches are so uniformly logical and forcible in rea Boning, that we would fain publish the ^ whole of them in ono issue, did our space . v, permit. As to the necessity of local selfgovern ment, however, we imagine that few will express a doubt. What we require is that . some such association- as that now brought into existence should formulate a practical system for adoption, or rather for discussion. The evils of centralization are well known, and. aclmittea, in the country districts gene ? rally ; and the sentiments expressed so truly and with such telling iorco, even at this dis tance from the place of utteranco, by Messrs. ?Neild, Knapp, and Eanlcon, will find a re sponse in -tho heart of every intelligent settler of New South Wales. But they will say, unless something of definite shape is put before them, ' better to bear the ills we r - , have than fly to others we know not of.' Not only are many of the country districts now, however, taxed by such little of local ' self-government as tlioir municipal councils afford them, but they have the dissatisfaction of knowing that othor districts not incorpo rated at all havo better public thoroughfares, etc., simply through the accident of their having a larger representation of city mem bers, who happen to generally bo on the side of the 'ins.' Thoro is no satisfaction ? in tho existing facilities for incorporation, taken as a wholo. People petition for incor poration, sometimes, 111 small isolated patches ? of country, and soon find that their rovoiiuo is totally -inadequate to the requirements ol ?th'o :'local: traffic. Take this district, as an instance. Wo have within . the space : of, say, ten miles at most, no less than four municipalities. All these have separate -clerks : and separate executive machinery. ;Each municipality ihas:in fact:reut tho dis vtrict- into so many sepaiate paits, distin guished by arbitrary boundaries 'and names, .;that in .truth class interests have grown up that . were proviousMtoi incorpoiation unknown... - If ono municipality gets a 'vpubli'c ' wharf , so must another. If ono ??municipality succeeds in getting a giant £'for- some -, needed publio building, that .j-moment ? the momber is intei viewed to i.ob'tain a. similar building for another muni cipality, or he will bo charged with fa vouiing ''one part- of his elccloiate more than the other. Now this must be abolished by the ?- proposed Local Self- Governmont Bill, which :,iis promised and being demanded The . [.'small country municipalities must bo . absorbed, and we must havo something that will be sufficiently largo to be supeiior to I small local jealousies. Many poople will I .' oppose the disturbance of existing munici ; palities, because they have done good in ? - their day, and are still doing some good. »?« while there will bo not a few who will bo influenced by the probable imaginary . local influence which a cei tain set of indi \- -viduals may lose. But let tho intelligent -voter be shown some formula upon which to base action, and these ? municipal barriers will not impede .,'progress in its course. As regaids populous towns of, say, 10,000 or 20,000 ' inhabitants, incorporation under the existing Municipalities Act may fuinish the neros Bary power for local self-government of a beneficial kind ; but we fancy that the most efficient system will be tho subdivision of the colony into a fixed number of local govern . ment districts, abolishing all municipalities ^.excepting thoso alone comprising towns of '10,000 inhabitants or upwaids. If tho -.^formation of districts aie left to the local ^.resident s, the local government district will ?' . be the abortive thing that incorporation is and -has proved in many cases to bo ; and lUnless.the modes of ' government ' aro put ,vintd operation by a supeiior power theie ' will bo misconception and maladministiation. ' As we have said previously, no intelligent resiednt of New South Wales can urge one word against a systom of local selfgovorn jnent that shallabolish or modify the piesent abominable system of log-rolling and under ground engineering that is required to obtain for any district its due share of public ex penditure. Abominable this Doclartment dunning must be to many members ; but while matters remain as at presont, though the residents and press of . the met. opolis may sneer at 'road and bridge' members, and their tactics, it is the only way that anything like a fair share of publicexpondi ture can bo obtained. Wo now proceed to make a few extracts from the speeches at tho meeting roforred to above. Mr. T. S. Parrott, O.E., mado a splondid speech, showing by anciout history that local self-government was oxorcissd m both Greece and Pome, apart from the central authority. Deferring to its operations in Europe and iu America, he said : — ' In tho oarlv history of Prance tho national artvantaa-es of Local Self-Govormncnt lirovailod until tho seventeenth contury, whon they were almost entirely lost. Nations in tho oarly history of tho world became what is tovmod civilised under tho influonco of superior military power. This form of civihvntion degononitod into absolute despotism, such as characterised tho early Asiatic and Clnneso races, and which has in moro recent tnnos largely influenced the political governments ot some of tho uiodorn European nations. Tho oflect of this appoars to be to produco a monotony of thought and feeling among tho wholo of tlio peoplo that eventually further progress becomes impossible. England had happily through centuries and centuries of struggle preserved her freedom from such a blight. Sir Erskiue May says ' That Englishmen havo boen quahfiod for tho onjovmont of political freedom is mainly duo to thoso ancient local institutions by which they havo been trained to Solf- Government, England alono among tbo nations of the oartli has maintained for centuries a constitutional polity ; and her liberties inay be ascribed, above all other things, to her frco local institutions. Sinco tho days of their Saxon ancestors hor sons havo learned, at thoir own gates, the duties and responsibilities of citizens, and thousands of small communities havo enjoyed tho priviledges of solf government.' In England tho tide , of progress in this element of self government] has ebbed and flowed gonoration after generation — each] successivo wavo of progress adding fresh powers to local bodies — and in Great Britain to-dav there oxists ono of the most complete sys'toins in fact which leaves tho Parliament perfectly free to duvote all its energies to questions of purely legislative and political import, and to delegate to local bodios throughout the kingdom of all thoso adminis trative mattors included under tho head of public works, and tho ontiro managomont of purely local affairs. Iu tho year 1870 tho expenditure in England under the diroct control of tho various local authorities was £29,000,000 stg; and in 1881 this expenditure had 111 created to £52,000,000 stg., although m tho moan timo the control of prisons had boon transferred to the Control Government. For Local Government purposes England is now divided into tho parish, the union, country,! borough, sanitary district, ?? school -district;': road district, metropolis, and central , control ; (the control authority exorcising -purely nogativo functions). Noarlytho wholo of North America was at ono time occupied by -French and Dutch colonists ; many ? ot tho to wns; ??howovoty, on the Atlantic seaboard :bcmg :in tho; possession: of, English settlors : the Eronoh territory extending from Hudsrais Bay to tho Gnlf ot M oxioo.o'Not-. withstanding the many advantages omnloyodiby tho French as compared with the English in. the possession oE such a.vnst-territory,; under con-; ditions that in somo rospocts .wore peculiarly:' favourable to a permanent, controVit appear* ? the French colonists l.ickod ono essential qualifi cation for the successful settlement : of . a 'now, country ; tho knowlodgo cif- tho advantages of; Self-Govern mont. ' John .Piske;, of-:. the United-. States,-; wi lting- ot , tho 'causes of-tho overthrow of tho Fronclrpowor in- Amorica savs : '(Of 'all the. modern nations- which -have;, sought-to roprodueo; and perpetuate . their social !nnd political instil u-.; tions bv oolonismg the savage -regions- -of the. -earthfi-Englnnd is tho'only/ono-that has achieved signal and lastiugsuccoss. : ? For this-remarkablo1 ?fact ; various causes c-may- bo ussi^-mvd : but, oil careful reflection I , tlimk-wo shall find.' tho prm- ... cipal causo to lie in tho en cuinst m-e lhat in England alono; among .- the:- great European nations; a both1 individual , liberty -anil- local -self-- govornmont-, have . always . boon preserved, - whereas in Franco those indispensable olomonts ??of- national ??'??vitality t'had -been, by ', itlio seventeenth ' century- - almost - completely' lost. Tho United-' Statos -' of America. , to-day : pre sents to us one ot the most wonderful oxamplos. of ' what may bo- accomplished :undoiv-'a vigorous -and complete system of Local Solf-Govornmont:', 'In this: great country the:people not only, possess local administrative powers, but they 'have also, locator Stato legislative -functions each State; legislature howovor being careful to ' deal only with purely legislative or- political-matters, and. leaving the people to cariy out ' their - own ad ministration of: local works and local affairs. The adoption of a ? wiso;. policy liko-, this iiiitliO: early settlement ; of ;-,:'North?.- America -'bj-. 'the Butish lias- covei'edvtlusrtvast'icoutinent'iwith-: cities and- railways -? from ???.the 'Atlantic1 -to :the; Pacific, and from the ;St: Lawrence vto the Gulf of Mexico, and-caused its magnificent rivers ? to : be agitated night and day by. the toeming traffic which flows from- thousands off: square milos; of.- country over which mining, agriculture, -mann-: factures, and all tho olomonts of industry which mark our modern civilization, are conspiring to diaw from- nature her- most: gonerous gifts, to give employment to millions of people; olid to place at tho head of the national- aftairs such men' as Abraham Lincoln' and General Gar-, field.' * * : We shall continue the subject in ouriioxt issue. ! - ' Yeiuly , tho judgement of the Supreme Court of this colony in these days of civil liborty roads strange. By what unwritten law does Sir James Martin and his brethren of tho ermine in this land constitute them selves the infallible judges of what consti tutes contompt of Oourt ? Solo administrators of a Star Chamber law, indeed, they havo made themselves, as ovidonced in tho Herald contempt case, in which they delivered judgment last Friday, and fined tho Messrs. Fairfax £250. On a bench of magistrates, if the force of practise in jury courts will not dispell tendency to favouritism, tlio Executive may be moved to punish an offending justice. In a jury court, either the plaintiff or defendant may challengo or disapprove and virtually compell tho retire ment from tho jury for that case of any person to whom such suitor objects. Is not human nature as frail in the ermino on the Bench of the Supreme Court as it is in tho jury box or on the justices' bench? Let free bom liberty and freo- speoch-loving Brittons behold and contemplate for a moment the speotaclo of a Supremo Court judge one day giving judgement nnd the noxt day sitting in support of his own judgment and making the majority who maintains the legal infallibility of his own logal acumen ! It is a truism that when things get to tho climax there must be a change ; and verily tho only bright feature i of the presont strange ghost of tho English liberty of the press which wo in New South Wales have is that Sir James Mnrin and his colleagues have put the last straw on the back of the pationt public of Now South Wales, who have already swallowed too many ugly legal potions undigested in tho light of British public spirit. 