WINNING. WAYS. ¡ /I Stuvij in a Few Chapters.] t.'HAiTKH vu.—(Continued.) MKS. HEX. ON TllH SUPERNATURAL. I " But when 3*011 come to the qual ity," continued Mr. Bex, command ing attention again In' fho wave of his pipe-stem ; " well, the quality— thein as is (he'ward-room officers of domestic life—well, they dresses : i-and looks out of the ■: ■>. ni í heir eyos, and dances, and l b" young poison she dresses fine, a;id looks out of the corners of her eyes, and dances, and they both says perlito things about the weather, and then they goes away and marries somebody else. It may be fashion, but dash my buttons if it's human natur.' " V -> ' ' " But Miss Haye isn't a lady of that sort," said Jennie, eagerly, loth to accept the implied condemnation ôÎH'iie whom, despite the disparity ofuÁeir station^ she looked upon al most as a fi ieùd". " Ain't she ?" answered Mr. Bex, grimly ; " ask her," and he pointed to Mrs. Bex, who with rather a troubled expression of countenance, eat making unnecessary pleats in her snow-white apron. " It's a Baying, as 'twould break the heart of any ghost—which it ain't li < ely they've got any, let a lone there ain't no such things—to como back to earth and find how soon they'd been forgot; and though Miss Haye, poor soul, was fit to cry her eyes out when she heard of the wreck of the Centipede, she's a young lady now in grand society, and sees company, and maybe she don't think bo much about the young lieutenant now as she did oncest." " Oh, mothor ! " cried Jennie, in dignantly. " Well, my dear, a living dog's better than a dead lion—not that Mr. Knightley were so much of the lion as he might have been ; and it isn't for the like of me to call other iroullefolks d"gs, though if they was .is true and faithful, it might be the botter for some of us ; and it do seem like as if Miss Haye had forgotten all about the young l-'eutenant and took up with somebody else—least ways, I see her walking yesterday j morning with a little wisp of a man with eyes that looked as if they'd been boiled—a regular rag of a man." " Oh, mothor !" cried Jennie eager ly ; " but don't you know that's Mr. Yeatman, the lawyer from Ghoul bury ? and he's here on business, and ihey do say as he's to marry Miss Arlington haughty as she is." li Theu, if I was Miss Arlington, I'd teach him to keep Iiis ogles and his twaddle for them as has a right to 'em. and ■not to go sticking his flack- baked face under oui' Miss Haye's hat and a-whispering in her ear, just as if she cared to listen to what he had to say." " But it ain't him so much," said Mr. Bex ; " but t' other one,—him all coat, and gloves, and boots, that there ain't enough man about to make a monkey of." " Oh ! but, father," cried Jennie, always eager in her friend's defence, and difficult to persuade that Cyn thia Haye could be faithless to her dead love, " but, father, that's Mr. Marmaduke Thorpe, and he's hor cousin." " Cousins is nonsense," said Mrs. Bex, sternly. " I don't 110 more be lieve in cousins than in ghosts. Neither ain't no credit to a youug woman to keep company with. I wouldn't see neither a-hanging about after our Jennie—no, not forever so much !" " No more wouldn't I," interposed Mr. Jack Ewoll, bringing his fist down with a resounding thwack up on the table ; " I'd smash 'un." Jennie, I think it's your bounden doqty to go and see our poor lamb," Raid Mrs. Bex, after a pause, " and just drop her a hint that ghostes and cousins ain't good ; and if she's on the look-out for some one to keep company with, she'd better pick out sonic one as there ain't no doubt about,like Sir Miles Woodgato, who's a real gentleman." 