CONTRIBUTED ESSAYS.- ' No; I. ' ' THE JUDICIAL MIND; ; ! Tub highest gift, tho brightest quality: and tho rarest attainment' of tho human mind, combine in tho faculty which en ables a man to judgo aright. Henry Hftllain renrcssnto tlio modern trno of this priceless endowment, and seoms to rovive in his personality tho old Habruw ideal of a "judge in Isr«al." In tho light ofia- righteous judgeship how mean and beg garly look the tawdry devicos of priestcraft and k'ingoraft, and tho wjonder. nevef ceases that humanity could over bo ae lilind and. perverse. as. to, subs.tituto for tbis Divino laca r-no ciurnsy aim roranrxauio. conin- vanc? of "Church and State." Wq do not oxpoct the judioihl niind to flourish in 'the atmosphere of l'lugliBh institutional lifo. This lifo, both in its legislature and judi cial ftinctious, is ruled 'imperiously by party-spirit, a spirit, utterly avtr?e frpm sound and independant' thinking. British politics aro hotoriously party- vid.lon j so is. British justice; so is, also,' Bifitisli'roligionV Our historians, with tlio 'exception ot Hnl- lam, and, perhaps, Froude, are tho alavca, if not tho tools, of party. Ae for the mass of peoplo, thoy nover -dream of 'Goverh- inenfc except ns a party, question— a trial of strength botv/eou- tho Liberal and' Con servative sideB.-Frouda very aptly romarka in regard lo this (vide 'Ghost Studies'), that n belief prevails in the English community that a "party but of oflico is always at hand to tako tho ploco of tho pqrty iu oflico." Therein tho gamo of politics, from the English point of view, resembles exactly Iho game of criokettho side out trying to put out th 8 n» while both sides, by the laws of tho game, aro' entitled to thoir innings. On tho proud British Bench tho judicial mind is singularly rare. Nor can this fact bo wondorod at 'for a moment. 'Justice, as wo havo previously1 hinted, is immersed in tho tactics of party, and has to deliver lis judgment after stun, ming up evidoncb that has heeomo fright fully entangled in the meshos of a wordy fray; which .evid«-nce would be utterly un intelligible to an ordinary jury, did- not Iho art of judging practically consist in. un ravelling" tho skein bf'prrof which' bas boon purposely thrown info confusion by tho ladies of rival law partisans. Wo arc apt to think him a clover judge who. slips most dexterously tho knot of legal con troversy: we seem to forpokthat the knot could ho quite as effectually out by tho t-ival combatants thoinsulvos, nnd that no oiio knows hotter than tho judgo (who bus been watching tho game throughout) that 'tlio knot need not have been tied at qll. In Metaphysics, Sir William Hamilton ox hibited tho judicial mind to perfection. In his judgment, "truth in a mean botween two coiilrariotioK." Is British justice sup posed to exemplify this idea P: ; The, fact is; luted by ideas nt all, but by a sot of. anti quated - tonus, in which the immutable principles of righteousness work nsi-best, thoy may, these forum boing inexpressibly dear to tho loyal heart because thoy shield and shelter overy spociesof loyal immunity and privilege. Nothing short of a miracle coulu create a judge— i. o., with a 'judicial mind—out of a barrister./. After talcing one side or another during a consirlnrahlo part of a life-time, a halil of impartiality is simply out of tho question. In. our; judges wo behold ono the attitude of impartiality; nnd with' tho attitude merely wo'must "rest and bo thankful" until wo cant our. law- pricedures in tho moulds of justice. - It is queslior.uhlo whether tho judicial -mind will ever bo anything mu-o .than an occa sional and exceptional visitant to our tribunals as at present coiirtituti'd. Tho judicial mind would, if it wm-o allowod its way, sweep our judicatures clean altogether from tho parlisau clement— would i invest tho administration of jutitico in high-minded , gonlloinen, and- not in mercenary profes- eionnls— would purge tho temples of justico of tho "tobloRof tho nionoy-changoi'H," and re-establish right in uupiuohnstiide prero- I gative abovo tlic. touch und taint of covrup- tinn — would unite smjeanblom in the great niiiiB of truth and righteousnesH,.or nbolish j it as a slam on tlio luirroi of jujuco. T.li. 