(EuHjwira amt dowign. FATHER BURKE AT H OVERSTOCK HILL, LONDON. ( Wccldij Fecnum.) The solemn opening of the new church at I laverstock Hill took place on the morning of Thursday, vilst May. The High Mass was sung at 11 o’clock hy the Hon. and Eight Rev. Bishop (.'litton, and there were present his Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminister ; the Right, Rev. E. Iledley, O.S.B., Bishop of Newport and Menevia ; the Right Rev. E. Bag shawe, llishop of Nottingham ; the Right Rev. A. Riddell, Bishop of Northampton ; the Right E. A. Collin, C.S.S.R., Bishop of Southwark ; the Right Rev. ,T. L. l’atterson, Bishop of Kni inaiis : the Right Rev. \V. Weathers, Bishop of A in vela : the Sight Rev. E. J’lslev, Bishop of Hesse ; the Right Rev. B. Andeison, 0. Cist, Abbott of Mount St. Bernard's : the Right Rev. Abbott Burehall, O.S.B.. I’lvsidentof the Anglo Benedictine Congiegariun : the Right Rev. Abbot Bury. Provincial O.S.B.; and a vast body of ot her eeeh.'siasi irs. The Very Rev, Hather Burke. 0.1’.. deli vered the following sermon, taking his text verses <i. 7. S, and of t’oe ,11th chapter of the Prophecy of lswias:—*■ The. wolf shall divide with the lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with the kid ; Cite calf, and the lion, and the sheep shall abide together. and a little child shall lead them ; the calf and the hear shall feed : their young ones shall rest together ; and the lion shall eat straw like the ox: and the suckling child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the weaned child thrust his band into the den of tin* basilisk ; they shall not hurt, nor shall they kill, in all my holy mountain, for the earth is tilled with the knowledge of the Lord, as the covering waters of the sea.’’ lie said—May it please your Lordships. Very Rev. and Rev. Biethren. and Dearly Beloved Brethren _What a contrast between the picture drawn by science and the words which I have just quoted to you ! What a contrast even to the moral picture drawn for us by the prophet Osee ! lie came also in evil times, as Isaias did; but no vision of mcK-v was vouchsafed to him. He saw faith waning, knowledge being diminished, and consequently crime of every kind increasing upon the earth, aad he cried out—“Cursing and lying and killing and theft and adultery have overiiowed, and blood bath touched blood, and mere is no mercy, and there is no knowledge of Hod in the land.” The aged man was no longer seen in the gate of the city, the young man bo longer lifted up his voice in the choir of the singers. “ My people,” says the Lord, “ are silent because they have no knowledge.” Now, mv beloved brethren, from these two pictures, drawn hy the pencil of the Holy Spirit of Hod Himself,'we gather how necessary it is that the whole world shall he filled with the knowledge of Hod the knowledge of him as He is, the knowledge of His divine law, and of its obliga tion : the knowledge of man’s relation to Him both fnr time and in eternity. Clearly, that knowledge is essential, and must come home to ever.' man iu order to salvation, for he says _-- 11 is the will of My Heavenly Hather that all mm he saved, and that all come to the knowledge, of the truth as a necessary condition of salve-ion.” Where that knowledge is absent there is to testimony of the Holy Spirit. There man ris>s against his fellow man without pity, wit hunt eniorse, without a feeling of humanity to stav t in uplifted arm and save the soul who is unprepired to meet his Hod. But where that knowied.c is found -when* it has found its way into ever,- human mind and acted upon every man’s h<*-.ft.—where tlm great classes of men in society a'■ formed and leavened hy it—where it has left i's own natural and due influence upon men. so tint their passions are subdued and their appetites controlled —then*, where grace con quers na'ire, the lion and the lamb lie down together and the leopard, so savage in its nature, “avs hnrmlesidy with the creatures of the i\,M. Therefore it is. mv beloved brethren, that when the Son of Hod came down from heaven ana was incarnate by the Holy Hhnst and of the Virgin .Mary, and was made man, He came, indu'd, to give grace that it might abound when-sin had abounded. He came to give life where (lea'll reigned before ; but life and grace, and everv >'her gift of Nod, came to us through iaith in .I e-eis Christ. His Son, our Lord. “In Him was life and the life was the light of the world," And when He founded 11 is I [nlv Church !" he the living, undying, faith ful. infallible messenger of Hod to man, find the only one true witness ot Divine truth, He endowr'i her richly, pouring out. His hearts Mood for hwe of her,'that He might make her all pure and spotless, without slain or wrinkle, or any such ihing, that she might, tie the bride of the Lamb. He did that for the express purpose of perpetuating on this earth the know ledge of (H>d. and spreading ihat knowledge in every land, to every class of men, and bringing it home to every human intellect and to every human heart. He did that expressly that the whole world might be filled with the knowledge of God as the covering waters of the sea.” Therefore, a very essential reason for the Church’s existence is that she might bear testi mony to God and bring back the knowledge of God before all men. Now, my beloved, in this her mission, her necessary mission, if we wish to have a convincing proof that there is such a thing as the knowledge of God. all that we have to do is to look info our own minds and hearts. If God never intended to reveal Himself—if He never intended that rnan should know anything about Him by the grace of revelation, but only by the mere light of human reason—ah. why did lie give to man an intellect (waving for the infinite in knowledge, which craving no human knowledge has ever yet been aide to satisfy If God did not intend to reveal Himself in that bright, though still imperfect light of revelation, and give us a consciousness of Ilis own infinite beauty, ah, why did He give us—everyone of us —that strange mysterious craving for that which is infinitely above us (('hen wearied with the satiety of this hollow world.’ To have that power and faculty of craving for such things, and then to be cut off for ever from all chance of ever putting that power into action, would be one of the most miserable conditions inr'gmable, and one of the greatest curses of God to man. Sueli would be man’s condition if God in his mercy had not revealed Himself and made the knowledge of Himself the pervading principle of the supernatural and eternal life of man. The Ghureh. then, comes forth from the mind, from the heart, from the heart, of her Divine founder for this purpose, to supply this knowledge ; and thus encounters three enemies—three great difficulties which it is her mission to overcome and to subdue. Those three enemies are ignor ance. frailty, and malice. St. Thomas teaches us that every sin can be traced to one or the other of these three fountains. Whoever sins, sins either from ignorance—not knowing the law which he violates ; or through frailty —knowing but in his weakness unable to fulfil it ; or through malice—knowing but ignoring the law. Now, we know that the great sin of the day is the want of faith—the ignoring of God. the putting aside of God, and excluding Him from His own crea tion. This, as the great Cardinal, whose absence I lament to-day, the bishop and pastor of our souls, has said this is the great tendency —the great sin of our age. And, like every other sin. tins ignoring of God, this awful inde pendence of God—which will not permit his name to be mentioned—this also can be traced to one of the three causes I have named. There are the ignorant, those who have not heard a word or thought of God : the poor savage child of the forest or of the desert, whose mind has never been awakened or illuminated by a ray— even of human knowledge—of Him. Almighty God, in his power, lias provided zealous mission aries who go forth with their lives in their hands, who forsake and abandon all the luxu ries, all flic conveniences of life, and taste the bitterness of death long before its time, in those awful labours of which we read in their apos tolic lives. If they find the slightest grain of knowledge in the minds of those savage children of the desert ; if they find even the slightest element of human civilisation, they rejoice ex ceedingly, because it makes their work easy, comparatively easy. They see a break, how ever slight, and the savage mind is already ready to be tutored. Oh, how much that, simplest element of human knowledge smoothes the missionary’s way is best known to those who have experienced the rapture of discovering it ; and that is my answer to those shallow philoso phers who say that human knowledge is incom patible with divine, and that, the Church of Cod, because her message is divine, is innocent of any other message taking the form of human en lightenment. No; human knowledge is the handmaid of divine ; and consequently when ever we read of savage nations converted to the faith, we also read that, hand in hand with their conversion, the human want, of civilisation, the jiower of the human element of knowledge, goes with it. There is another class that, we have to deal those who. yielding to the passions of the flesh, and succumbing to their appetites, destroy the immortal «oul within them, until that soul, in spite of its spiritual nature and [lower, loses almost; the faculty of realising the unseen. For such is man’s nature, and the constitution of his being, that the soul and body united in him, must act one upon the other. Either tlie soul, strenghtened bv knowledge and by grace, subdues the body, chastens and purifies its passions, and annihilates its desires, until, by the action of the soul, that body is made tit for the transpar ency of the glory that is to come : or else the body gets the better of the soul, makes the spiritual and immortal being but the handmaid of its vices, points out the way to greater sen suality and deeper and more depraved indulgence —until at length, slipping from base to base, abandoning ail spiritual aspirations and high and generous fancies, a man comes to that hope less state of which the Holy Ghost speaks when He days : “ Man, when he was in honour, did not understand ; he hath been compared to senseless beasts and made like to them and again it is written—“ The animal man cannot understand the things that are of our kingdom.” How far that cause may act upon the prevailing tendency of our age, no man can tell. When we consider the unbridled luxury that is abroad —that every wild desire springing up in the young heart under the favouring action of pas sion has only to be conceived in order to be instantly appeased, and satiated and enjoyed, I greatly fear that all this, eating its way into the heart of man. is a powerful cause of that infi delity of which we are unhappily in the midst. But there li a third difficulty also. Just as ignorance keeps the poor savage from the light, so at the other extreme or pole, too much human light keeps many a soul from recognising the light of heaven. In other words, men devote themselves with so much energy, with such con centrated mental devotion, to the resources of science that in gazing upon the created light they seem to lose the faculty of realising the Creator; just as we can easily imagine a man fixing his eyes upon the blaze of a blast furnace which he himse'f has lighted, and become so dazed by the elfect of his own work as to be unconscious of the great sun of heaven. As we read of tlie great philosopher of old who was so absorbed in study as to be unconscious that his city was taken by the foe, so we can imagine a scientific man, an enthusiastic and devoted disciple of that inductive and experimental philosophy which, no doubt, has achieved such wonderful results, becoming so dazed mentally by the very excess of the human light that is around him, becoming so inflated by the success of his own researches, becoming so enamoured of this modern philosophical system in which he lives and breathes, and has his intellectual being, that in the pride of heart and in the folly of his mind, he substitutes nature for God, and denies the Creator because he has seen so much of the created. That is the saddest feature of all—the insolent confid ence, and, I will add, the blindness, which induces men to lose sight of God because they are able to plunge deeply into His works 1 Nature, in all its complex machinery, created by Almighty God, is a vast storehouse of hidden forces, some of them of the most stupendous kind ; and of laws that have been in operation unobserved for ages—all created by Almighty God, and handed over to man to he the subject of bis study and of his argument. A man coming face to face with this vast system, and st-uding it carefully and profoundly, arrives at the discovery of sonic of those hidden laws—of those hidden powers and forces that are at work in the ruling of the universe ; and instead of lifting up his eyes and thanking God for this new manifestation of His infinite power and wisdom, in the pride of his shallow intellect he sayS—“ There is no God ; nature is sufficient for all ; nature is eternal, but man has no element of eternity or immortality within him !” The Church of God is commissioned to go out and meet these three great enemies. To the ignorant she preaches the message of know ledge ; to the frail she holds out a strong, a strong and tender hand, to raise them up. to cleanse and purify the tainted life by sacramen tal grace ; to sustain the trembling limbs totter ing" in the unaccustomed way of purity and virtue, by feeding them with the bread of angels —the body of our Blessed Lord ; to the frail she comes with so many forms of mercy as to make repentance and heaven almost easier to man than perseverance in sin and everlasting punishment. To the man of science she comes with a message of superior knowledge. She asks him, and asks him in vain, for one iota of argument on which to base his infidelity—for one shred or tittle of reason for his denial of the Creator—of the Eternal. She warns him that no one stands so much in need of the light of divine faith as the man who makes the pursuit of human know ledge and of human light the. object of his study.. Who is so well fitted to investigate the. pro perties of light as the man who is intimately acquainted with the brightest, light of all ? Who is so fitted to investigate the deepest, mysteries of nature and its laws as the man who knows that he must expect great and wonderful dis coveries there, because he is already acquainted by faith with the infinite power and wisdom a ini majesty of the Lord .' For the man of science, she comes with a lesson of humility., and (no matter what this world’s knowledge may have taught him) she has a message to him higher still. She says to him—" Lift up thine eyes unto the mountain ; stay not always in the mine ; dive deep into the bowels of the earth. No matter how rich the ores, how brilliant the gems that may come forth from the dark recesses of nature, they are not sufficient for thee. Lift up thine eves/and there—there, in t he very white light of'God—there in the glory of eternal truth —‘-.here, surrounded by a thousand testimonies and proofs, with all its prophecies and promises made and fulfilled to the letter, with miracles the most astonishing wrought to the confusion of all the enemies of God, with historical testimony of the widest and clearest amid the universal con sensus of all mankind—there is the existing and living Witness who has never failed.” But the greatest miracle of all. perhaps, is the continued life of God in man through divine grace—the life of virginal purity, the life of self-denial and of preparation for heaven, the life which the saints of the Catholic Church have lived. There the man of science may find the revealed knowledge of God ; and all he lias previously known is con summated by that, highest of all. He started yesterday on his investigation with fear and trembling, like the man who is treading for the first time an unknown and unexplored country. To-day he goes on with all the confidence and bravery of the man who knows hisgiound, who feels that he has the right due to the results of his philosophy, who is not afraid of any one that may come, because lie knows the truth cannot contradict him ; and all that, lie can discover of Nature and its laws and workings is but the crea tion of that Great Mind whose nature and at tributes he lias already learnt to know and revere. That is the Church's mission, and in many ways she carries it out. The voice of the Creator is never silent, cm every side she spreads forth the knowledge of Cod. In her beautiful ritual every movement prescribed brings home to the mind and the intellect of the beholder the fact that the living God is there. She surrounds His altars with all that is richest that her hands can make : she searches the earth to produce the brightest, of its precious stones ; she searches the depths of t he sea for orient gc ms. The child of the desert enters into her temple, and lie feels instinctively that he is in the house of someone greater than himself. He looks around upon the stained glass ■windows and upon the sculptured altars, and a feeling is raised in him like that which sprang up in the heart of the slave when he said, “ I pray you, of whom does he speak these thing ” So you can imagine the most ignorant, and il literate corning into this temple, which in the joy of our hearts we oiler to God to-day ; he finds a living light upon t he altar—he sees a story told by the stained glass windows—hegoesamong these chapels and lie sees an expression of joy and infinite sorrow and glory upon the same face The first, thing he naturally asks is. “ Of whom is all this set forth ?” and thus God in His Church speaks His mind with a new voice, tie kneels in the confessional, pours out his sin, and shame, and sorrow, and then a new light bursts upon him, and eyes that never wept, before weep now for sins committed ; and lie rises purified and strengthened, and goes to the altar of God to feed upon the Living Bread. The learned man comes in here, and he sees all round the church emblems of Dominican life and devotion, and lie also is curious to know of whom are all these things set forth. He is told that, for 700 years there has existed in tin Church of Cod this ancient. Dominican Order, which produced, more 1 ban tiOO years ago, one man who came here to attend the chapter of his order a humble reli gious with his followers. Vet that one man sur passed him and all the other philosopher's in knowledge, soared above them all in every cle ment of human knowledge of which his age was conscious, and for f>00 years lias remained the wonder of the intellectual world and I hi: glory of the Church of God. And the man of learning in the lltth century is taught humility by being 1old the story of Thomas A<prinas. He goes round the church and sees details of this great order which started the great, devotion of the Kosaryofthe [Messed Mother of Dod.and lie is told to go round the. chapels and contemplate t he subjects treated in each in order to under stand the life of Christ and the secret of that wnnderlul preaching which nearly 700 years ago like a. new Pentecost renewed the faith of the Church. Human life itself is reflected in the life of Jesus, and as he goes he notes the joys of the infancy—-the joys and promised glorv of her who in her ecstasy i>f joy in the Maijiiijirul tirst proclaimed the mystery of the I neariiation. He passes on, and joy is changed into sorrow. He sees one hallowed form, with a sorrow alI divine, and surpassing all human sorrow, upon the face. He passes on, and sees in the ascending form of t he Saviour, and in t lie crown of victory tin ample eunsola.tion for all. Thus, my helmed, not only bv living voice, by sacramental power, bv unity and strength, as the representative of the government of Cod over the Church of God, sin: proclaims her knowledge and power, but also by the silent voice of her temples and her altars as the stars in heaven proclaim the glory of God. as the immense universe silently shows itself to be the work of His hands. Have we not, then, great reason to rejoice to-dav-■ that we have been able to com plete this work in a land where for so long it had seemed that t lie gloi ies of the Chnreli had died out. and t hat only the sorrowful mysteries remained? lint not only is Cod eternal- lie never eliangi s ; and lie brings back His lawlul servants, placing t bem again oner upon the held ot their ancient, and honourable lalmuis. and enabling t hem, both their faithful liiemls and people, to offer to Him a. house, ol which the Prophet might exclaim. *' I have loved. () Lord, the beauty of Tliy house, and the (dace where Thv glorv dweilctli I have the happimss to announce to you 1 lint our Holy Fat Ini', Leo XIII., lias sent a message here to-day to the congregation. H lias just arrived. The Holy Father sends his apostolic benediction to the new church, to all present to- day, and to all benefactors. Tlie solemnisation of the Mass was then pro ceeded with from the Credo onwards. The Fathers, after the conclusion of the cere mony, entertained the Bishops and clergy and friends to the number of 400 at a dejeuner in the library, at which the Bishop of Clifton pre sided. The toasts pdven were. “The Holy Father”; “The 0>ueen " ITis Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster”; ‘‘The ^ cry Rev. the Provincial of England”: “The Very Rev. Father Burke, the preacher”: and '• The Very Rev. ibe Provincial of Ireland.” 