[?] A good hand at rabbit trapping can earn as much as £9 per week. A plague of grubs on the Wimmera. farmers are fever plagued. It is nearly four years since any waste 'water ran I over the weir at Botany. A tax of £d. in the £ on all real and personal pro perty in South Australia. The population of Melbourne in July was estimated at 291,464. Still ahead of Sydney. Recently in Victoria, to earn a wager, a man skinned 438 rabbits in 60 minutes. The Darling River fordable at any of the crossings, which sends nil the wool to Sydney. The late Mr. John Bright, of Wollongong, has bequeathed £1000 to the local hospital. Viscount Terehaven, Ninian Melville, and Joe Thompson went through to Melbourne on Monday. Mr. AY. M'Coubt mistaken for a kangaroo at Ar thursleigh, Moss Vale. He was behind a log fence — not on the hustings. General Booth is coming to Australia. They are all coming. The sound of our riches or folly has gone out into all lands. The Government Gazette of yesterday contains an' official notification convening Parliament for the des patch of business on the 9 th proximo. The use of the elecric light in mines is extending in the Sandhurst district. The Ellenborough Company has saved £150 by its use in nine months. Twenty-seven million gallons of water per week used last month ; 20 sufficed in August, 1880. People are increasing in numbers and in cleanliness. Hanlan appears to have accepted Laycock's challenge on condition that the spin takes place on the Thames, not on the Parramatta River. The Times of India says : ' China has now a stand ing army of 1,000,000, and the despotic ruler of 300,000,000 subjects need never want soldiers. A dhapehs' shop to be established in Melbourne, with a garden, ferneries, and refreshment rooms attached. Rest and begin again. Preserve us ! On Tuesday the Colonial Secretary received from the Agent-General a cablegram to tbe effect that the Rialto, with 361 immigrants, had sailed on the 8th instant for Sydney. Doqow.vebs are reminded tbat lioenses expire this month, and that it will bo necessary for the owners of the animals to renew the lioenses soon in order to avoid prosecution. The construction of the third section of the main Boadi sewer has been let, the tender of Messrs. Mackin tosh and Co. having been aooepted for the sum of £79,218 6s. 93. London wool 6ales hanging fire. Foreign abstention attributed to unsatisfactory condition of Australian ?wools. IIow is it that this falling off in quality was not discovered at this end ? Melbourne people propose to alter the Church of England rubric, so as to make the creed of St. Athanasius optional. Surely there are few people who would take it of choice. The spread of teetotalism in the United Kingdom is reporting itself in an augmented consumption of tea. The falling off in the consumption of wines in 1882 amounted to more than a million gallons. 50 miles over a track heavy with rams was accom plished in England the other day by an amateur bicyclist in 2 hours 4G minutes 50£ seconds, the aver age rate of going being about 18 miles an hour. The Charity Organisation Society last month re ceived applications from 49 married couples, 58 widows, 9 deserted women, and 65 single men ; 14 cases refused, the applicants being unworthy of relief. Total imports up to September 1, £11,937,730, as against £12,012,084 for the same period in 1882. Exports, £9,226,359, as against £7,963,989. Under the pressure of a tight money market these figures are assuming a healthier look. When Professor Smith first sat on the old National Board, 30 years ago, there were only about 100 National and Denominational Bchools in New South Wales and Queensland. What a vast educational system has grown up in those 30 years ! A Chinese youth named Ho Hing (says the Avoca Free Press) is likely to be appointed head tfacher of the Peroydale school, Victoria. He ia the sen of a Chinese merchant, his mother being a European, aud from childhood he is said to have displayed wonderful talents. The postal contract recently concluded between the Government of New South Wales and the Orient Steam Navigation Company is (observes the Brisbane Courier ) one of no small importanoe to all the colonies ot the i Australian group. We have a strong interest in the matter. A London telegram in the Age states that Le National, a political journal published in Paris, ex presses a hope that the French war vessels, the Bruat and the D'Estrees, which sailed from Nomea recently for tbe New Hebrides, will prevent Australia from annexing these islands. The P. and O. Company's steamship Clyde, with the English mails via Suez to August 10, arrived at King George Sound on Monday evening, two days in advance of contraot time. It is just possible that the Sydney portion of her mails will reach here in time for delivery next Monday afternoon. A curious accident happened at Martin's Hotel, Springwood, on Monday morning. A man named Green» wood was chopping firewood when the axe caught in a wire rope. He was thrown violently to the ground, and sustained injuries to' his back of such a severe character that he had to be removed to the Sydney Hospital. It is stated that there are 381,863 houses in France licensed to sell spirits by retail. This does not include an immense number of country ' debits ' where cider or vin ordinaire may be obtained. The number gives a brandy shop to every 92 inhabitants. The revenue from the Bale of drink is as steadily increasing in France as it is decreasing in England. During the past fortnight Dean Sheridan has xeoeived eo many letters of oo&dolence; on the occasion of the death of the late Archbishop Vaughan that ha has been unable to reply to all of them. The Dean ex presses his regret that he could not acknowledge by letter the receipt of each of these communications, and returns his sincere thanks to the writers for their ex pressions of sympathy. Religious intoxication, like alcoholic, usually ends in satiety. ' The new things,' says the Bishop of Melbourne, 'become as common and uninteresting as the old ones ; with every new sensation you want a stronger, till at last, like the drunkard or opium-eater, you destroy the very feelings which you overstimu lated, and tsink down into a jaded, diseased, useless, discontented misanthropy.' Thus it is written of Judges in Melbourne : ' I have seen them petulant, snappish, fretful, impatient, irri table, even passionate ; and I have marvelled that, with so much law in their heads, they had so little self- control. They have, as it seems to me, an alto gether unreasonable notion of their own importance, and they look upon witnesses as common persons deserving of no consideration.' In the matter of inflammatory language, the Orangemen in Ireland seem determined not to be eclipsed by the Nationalists. Atau Orange meeting in Belfast, Mr. William Johnson, Inspector of Irish Fisheries, is reported to have said : ' Rather than see Home Rule granted to them, the Orangemen would line with rifles every ditch from the Boyne to Belfast, and tell the Home Rulers to come on.' Mr. A M. Garland, President of the National Wool growers' Association of the United States, is at the present time on a visit to this colony, with a view to the establishment of more intimate business relations between New South Wales and the society he represents. Mr. Alexander Bruce, Chief Inspector of Stock, is afford ing Mr. Garland assistance and information with regard to matters relating to the Stock Department. A man named Fritz Petersen, 'who was serving a sentence of three months' imprisonment in the Parra matta gaol for vagrancy, hanged himself shortly before 6 o'clock on Tuesday morning, by means of a piece of rope, taken from his hammock. The Parramatta Dis trict Coroner held an inquest on the body in the after noon, when a verdict that death resulted from strangu lation — the act of the deceased — was returned. Two public meetings — the one at West Maitland, the other at Wickham, near Newcastle — were held on Tues day evening, for the purpose of considering the necessity for an amendment of the laws relating to libel and the judicial practice with respeot to contempt of Court. Resolutions were passed unanimously at both meetings urging the desirability of a change in the law, and requesting Parliament to take the question into con sideration. After the recent railway accident, writes the Mel bourne correspondent of the Herald, while the victims were making much moan, an enterprising person, living in the neighbourhood, betook himself to the scene, and, joining the crowd of shaken and shaking passengers, made moan also. But, unhappily for his enterprise, his proceeding had been observed, and he was consequently ignominiously dragged out of the group and kicked. The danger which is at times associated with the game of football was fully shown in the case of a boy named William Easton, on Saturday afternoon, in Moore Park. It appears that he had the ball in his possession, and was running aoross the ground, when another boy rushed up and pushed him over, with the result of breaking his right thigh. He was subse quently conveyed to the hospital, where the fractured limb was set by Dr. Muskett. The Minister for Mines and his colleague the Colonial Treasurer arrived at Adelong at about noon yesterday, and were most hospitably received and pre sented with the customary address, Both Ministers in replying expressed their pleasure at the warJi reception accorded them, stating that their object in visiting the district was to make themselves acquainted with its requirements. To-night the Ministers will be enter tained at a public banquet. Mr. Andrew Morton, who for many years was com mander of one or other of the Port Jackson Steamship 1 Company's boats, died very suddenly at his residence, Manly, on Sunday morning. He was in the act of dressing;, when he fell and expired almost immediately. He was last in command of the Fairlight, and all who have been accustomed to travel by that boat to and from Sydney, and to whom his presence was familiar, will regret to hear of his death. It has been decided (says the Melbourne Telegraph ) to pull down Prince's Bridge, and to erect a little further down the river a temporary structure, whioh Bhall serve until the proposed new bridge, with a width of 99 feet, is erected. The present bridge is acknow ledged to be one of the finest pieoes of workmanship in the world, and in the work of dismantling, care will be taken to number the parts and preserve them, to be used as a whole in some other locality. The Times of a recent date oontained a leading article based npon the circumstance that in its advertis ing columns of 1st July there were advertised for sale properties amounting to 50,000 acreB. The Times reckons that at a very low estimate theBe 50,000 acres would be worth £2,000,000. Allowing the same valuation for other 200,000 acres, the landed properties in England in the market at that time amounted to the value of £10,000,000. It was reported to the City Coroner on Tuesday that at about 6 o'clock the body of a newly-born female infant was found in Alger's-road, off Lower Fort-street, by a man named George Dennett, who reported the matter to tbe police. The body, which was wrapped up in a newspaper and a piece of rough linen, was removed to the Circular Quay morgue, where it was subsequently examined by Dr. Eichler and found to be in a very decomposed state. An inquest was dispensed with, We are informed that advices have b6en received from the Agent-General in London, in which it is stated that the books for the inscription of New South Wales stock were opened in London on the let July last in connection with the two millions loau of 1882, and that within three weeks from that date the public availed themselves of the opportunity to the extent of over half a million. With regard to the last loan — that of three millions — we understand that it was dis tributed among 237 applicants. London telegrams in the Age state that an investi gation has been made into the poisoning of a number of labourers, who were working in a field near New Ross, in tbe county of Wexford. It now appears probable that the poisoning was the result of an accident. The Marquis of Hartington has expressed his opinion that France has not satisfactorily explained the action of Admiral Pierre in detaining the captain and officers of the English war vessel Dryad at Tamatave. He thinks that a further and fuller explanation should be insisted npon. The new Lyman-Haskell multicharge gun, which has been over two years in process of construction at Reading, has been sent to Sandy Hook to be tested by the United States Army officers. The gun is 25 feet long, weighs 25 tons, and its projectile is discharged by means of 1301b. of powder, arranged in four pockets at the breech, so that one discharge follows after another. The projectile, it is claimed, attains a momentum force sufficient to carry it 12 miles, or to pierce 24-inch armour. The bolt weighs from 1001b. to 1501b. The gun cost 50,000 dollars. We have been informed that the Government have communicated with the committee of the Bene volent Asylum, intimating their intention of purchasing the site of the present asylum for railway purposes. In view of this resumption, we believe the committee of the asylum have had under consideration the de sirableness of securing a large area of land immediately opposite the locality once ocoupied by the Albert cricket ground, for the purpose of erecting a new institution out of the funds obtained by the sale of the land upon whioh the present building stands. The half-caBte children, 18 in number, from the various aboriginal camps around Yass, were collected on Monday morning (says the Courier ) by Mr. Inspector Brennan, who marched them to the school prepared for them at St. Augustine's. The youngsters presented a clean and healthy appearance, and appeared to be highly pleased at the opportunity afforded them of attending Bchool. Dean O'Keeffe deserves great credit for his efforts in endeavouring to do something in the way of educating these poor outcasts ; and it is hoped the Aborigines Protection Sooiety will vote some of the funds at its disposal to assist in their education. At the instance of Mr. R. B. Smith, M.L.A., an important concession has been made by the Postal Department, which will in a great degree facilitate the I correspondence of many hon. members with their con stituents while Parliament is in session. Hitherto correspondence for the Hunter River district has bsen [ received at the Post Office from members up to 9 o'clock p.m., and it has now been decided to extend the time to 10 o'clock p.m. on the express condition that the Parliamentary messenger bringing the letters shall not drop them into the letter-box, but bring them into the building and hand them to the officer in charge. About half-past 9 o'clock on Saturday night a fire was discovered in the forecastle of the Clarence and Richmond River Steamship Company's steamer Coraki, which was lying in the A. S. N. Company's patent slip at Pyrmont. The fire was first observed by the foreman of the place, Mr. M'Ritchie, who gave the alarm, and the Pyrmont and Ultimo fire brigades were promptly on the scene, and subsequently succeeded in extinguishing the flames. A quantity of old bedding was destroyed, and the upper portion of the deck was burnt, but fortunately the damage was only trifling. The fire originated in one of the berths, but how or by what means has sot been ascertained. Dr. Vaughan' s brother, ihe Bishop of Salford, is spoken of (writes ' Bayard ' in the Australasian) as a very possible successor to the arch-see ; but some of our Milesian fellow-colonists hope for an Irish prelate with just as much brogue as will pass for a shibboleth, and with national views to match. I am told that it is against the policy of the Holy See to a brother's vacant see, the notion of fraternal suc cession being supposed inconsistent with the general principle of apostolic succession : but, if my memory is not altogether at fault, there are several rather notable instances of family succession in Roman Church history. It will be remembered tbat on the 3rd ultimo a deputation waited upon the Colonial Secretary to ask I for a further sum of £50,000 towards the cost of com pleting the hospital buildings in course of erection in Macquarie-street, and that Mr. Stuart expressed him self as opposed to giving further assistance towards the erection of the buildings. Since then Mr. Stuart has called for reports from a number of the leading medical practitioners of the country, and ae these reports, though differing in terms, unanimously support, in the main, the view with regard to hoepital management laid down by the Colonial Secretary, official intimation will be immediately conveyed to the directors of the Sydney Hospital that no further aid will be given to them by the Government In addressing the Melbourne Church of England Sunday School Association the other day, Bishop Moor house took occasion to impress on teaohers the necessity, if they desired to keep in contact with real conditions and real requirements, to study the newspapers in which tbe conditions and needs of the day are reflected. He advised the teacher to ' keep a book for suitable news paper cuttings of the present day, as they supplied the materials for hundreds of lessons,' And, he added, ' The Bishop of Manchester found the matter for the whole of his publio addresses in the newspapers, and he was one of the most successful speakers in England. Of course the speeches were marked with the stamp of his own energetic and practical mind, but the paragraphs furnished them in the first instance.' We understand that the Minister for Public Instruc tion finding it impossible to provide with certainty for the safety and comfort of the large gathering of Publio sohool children expeoted on the 22nd instant, has been reluctantly compelled to abandon his strong desire to bring them together on that day. It is likely, how ever, that the most important object in view will not be wholly lost, for the boys in the schools where military drill is most advanced will probably be paraded together in the .Victoria Barracks for inspection on the afternoon Of the 22nd instant, and it iB said that at the conclusion of the proceedings 200 boys of the Fort-street School will, with the consent of their parents who are willing to incur the expense of uniform, &c.;, offer themselves for enrolment as a cadet corps. On the 6th instant a well-attended meeting of persons interested in the promotion of vocal music was held at Compagnoni's rooms, Mr. F. Watt being in the chair. It was resolved to form another society, in no way opposed to the Sydney Liedertafel, but to provide for persons unable for the reasons already stated to be admitted to its body. Herr Alpen, who has had considerable experience in kindred societies, both in Germany and the colonies, was unanimously chosen as conductor, and Messrs. J. T. Caldwell, R. M'Lean, Vider, Ellis, Patrick, and W. R. Beaver, with Mr. F. E. Whalley as secretary, were appointed a pro- visional committee to draw up rules for submission to next meeting of members, and make such other pre- liminary arrangements as may be necessary. The master of the brig Fawn, which arrived from Timaru on Saturday afternoon, reports that a very curious atmospherical phenomenon occurred at 11 p.m. on the 30th August, and whilst his vessel was in lati tude 37*19 S. and longitude 163*18 E. There was a S.S.E. gale blowing, the sight was very dark, and the weather was thick and 'dirty,' when suddenly a very bright light, 'just the same as an electric light,' burst forth about west by south and illuminated the sky for some seconds. The light appeared to be dose to the water, and was stationary. When it 'went out,' the sky became quite red, and continued so for about ten minutes afterwards. Captain Dillner says that he has often seen meteors at sea, but he never saw anything like the light referred to or its after results. The tidal wave whioh was experienced in Auckland harbour and in different parts of New Zealand on Wed nesday last (says the Herald of August 31), was also felt at Mercury Bay and Tairua. Captain Norris, of the 6.6. Argyle, informs us that the wave was first experienced at Mercury Bay at about 4 a.m., and that is a few minutes the tide rose (it was ebb tide at the time) fully six feet, and as suddenly receded again, leaving the vessels in port high and dry. Throughout the day the wave was felt each time with equal strength. On the appearance of the second wave the vessels broke away from the wharf, and the Linda Webber got caught by her rail on the piles of the wharf, and as tbe tide rose it was feared she would capsize, but fortunately the vessel slipped off the piles and a serious disaster was averted. On Tuesday the Hon. Colonial Secretary and the Hon. the Minister for Works, accompanied by Com modore Erskine, paid a visit of inspection to Spectacle Island, with a view to carrying out the arrangements made by tbe Colonial Treaeurer with the Commodore for having Imperial warlike and other stores kept there, instead of their being as hitherto mixed with colonial war stores, which in future are to be kept at Goat Island. The place having been duly inspected, it was ordered that various alterations in the building thero be made to meet the purpose in view. The Imperial stores on the island are to be placed in charge of a naval staff, who are also to undertake the custody of the guns, carriages, and ammunition sent out by the Home authorities for arming merchant vessels in the event of war. The Manning River Times reports a sad accident which occurred on Dumaresque Island on Saturday afternoon, September 1. It appears that two sons of Mr. Norton, a resident of the island, had been to the Daweon cemetery to see their mother's grave, and were returning home. The elder of the two, John, had a double-barrelled gun with him, and had shot a number of wheat-eaters. When near home they saw some more, and John remarked that he had no more caps, on which the younger said be had two in his pocket, and gave them to him. John then fired one barrel and killed a bird, and without taking the gun from his shoulder aimed at another, and pulled the trigger at the moment his younger brother, who was unknown to him in the line of fire, got up and received the charge in the back of thd head. The unfortunate boy was killed instantly. The fatal tragedy at Niagara, in which a brave though misguided man haB thrown away his life, must (eays Vanity Fair ) Burely call attention to the state of the law as it exists upon the American continent. In this country, or in any European country, no man is allowed to take his own life. If he is a maniac he is shut up or given into custody of his friends. No sane man ever doubted what would be the result of the fatal attempt made by Captain Webbe to swim the rapids below Niagara Falls. Yet in a civilised country not the slightest effort was made to hinder a man from heedlessly throwing away his life for the paltry sum of I 10,000 dollars. Captain Webbe's own account of what I proved a fatal attempt should be enough. ' My lungs I are gone, he is reported to have said ; ' I have but few k years to live, and may as well die this way as any E other. The money will keep my wife and children.' ? On the 7th instant a meeting was held in the ? Exchange, to form an association to be termed I 'The Hull Association of Australasia.' The object B of this association is to effect a union of ship- m. owners to insure the hulls of their own vessels and I those of others against marine disaster. It is based I upon the sa-ie foundation as the ' Hull clubs,' 60 I general in England. The association is in a manner a I marine insurance company, with the limitation that I the hulls of vessels only are insured, and not their I cargoes. Alderman John Taylor was voted to the I chair. The rules which had previously been deter- I mined upon and registered were formally adopted, and B the following committee was elected : — Messrs, M. C. I Cowlishaw, John Taylor, and Henry Burns Captain B James Bremner was appointed surveyor, and Mr. W. 8 H. Mackenzie, jun., managing underwriter to the asso- B ciation. I The other day the late creditors of Mr. Neil Living- I stone, builder, of Darlington, were agreeably surprised, B at a meeting called by their debtor, to receive the B amounts formerly owing to them in full. It appears B that about 12 months ago Mr. Livingstone, through B losses sustained in carrying out a contract, found him- B self unable to meet his liabilities, amounting to about H £750. His creditors finding that the assets would ? only pay 10s. in the pound accepted that proportion in R full disoharge of their claims. With a little help from E his friends Mr. Livingstone made a fresh start, and H after hard work and extreme economy at the earliest H opportunity gathered the requisite means to place him- Bj self square with the world. The creditors expressed Bj their warm appreciation of his honourable conduct, Eg and it is said that they intend to mark it in a eubstaii- BJ tial manner. H It will be interesting to learn whether any notice B| was taken by the Judges in England of the following Bj condemnation of a jury and a most decided comment E| on a case sub judice which appears in London Truth HI of 26th July : — ' A most scandalous miscarriage of B| justice took place last week at Brecon. An old man of H the name of Morgan went to call upon his landlords, H Thomas and John Harris, both of them apparently Kg magistrates. They gave the old man whisky, and IS then proceeded to burn him with a poker, for which Eg they were tried before Mr. Justice Field. The special Eg jury were unable to agree, and were discharged.' Re- El ferring to this case Truth says : ' How many of the mm brother magistrates of the Harrises were on this scan- B| dalous jury ? These ruffians are to be tried again, and IH seeing how strong their looal influence is in Brecon- f|| shire, the trial should take place in some other locality, 19 where there is a chance of empanelling an honest j ury.' 13 Some thieves broke into the Exchange Theatre, . 11 Albury, on the 7th. instant, and ransacked the wardrobe lm and 'properties' of Messrs. Ireland and Barry's YM Comedy Company, apparently in search of money. 13 They did not succeed in finding any genuine cash, but IH they came across a stock of ' property ' money — imita- !? tion notes used in some of the company's pieces — and Ifl this was all removed, evidently nnder the belief that it Ifl was good. The thieves were probably amateurs at the ? work, and rather unsophisticated withal, inasmuch as U they were at considerable pains to get at a particular |9 garment worn by one of the actors, who, in the piece of |fl the evening, had received a bribe of a £50-note to |9 commit a murder. The thieves must have been in the theatre during the performance, and made a mental memo, of the whereabouts of the particular note. They nH have got it now, but they may find some difficulty in ffl negotiating it, as the note, of course, was stage money III like the rest. 19 A return of imports and customs dues, exports, and KB navigation o£ Fiji for the years ending 31st December IS 1879, 1880, 1881, and 1882, is published in the Gazette || of that colony. Tbe imports for 18S2 are valued at £393 329 8s.*2d.. and the exports at £190,517 3s., an increase in the imports over 1881 of £2 7 ,289 13s. 5d., and in exports of £10,371 12s. 4d. The principal items in the exports from Levuka are sugar, £17,884 8s. Cd. ? maize, £2495 4s. ; molasses, £1184 14s. ; cocoa nuts, £2192 2e. : coffee, £2710; copra, £64,785 13s. 3d. ; cotton, £31,880 ; fruit, £8363 lie. Total exports from Suva, £47,368 14s., of which £40,972 19a. 6d. is sugar. The shipping returns for 1882 show the tonnage of vessels that have entered and cleared at the ports of Levuka and Suva. Levaka, 77 vessels, with a tonnage of 18,671 ; and Suva, 86 vessels, with a tonnage of 25,097. Daring the same period there was cleared from Levuka 83 vessels, whose aggregate tonnage was 24,174 ; and from Suva 82, with a tonnage of 19,583. The question of ' Lord Bishop ' (says the New Zealand Herald) came up in the House a few days ago, in the discussion on the Christohurch Cathedral Square Bill. Mr. Hutchison questioned the propriety of the Bishop of Christchurch being styled ' the Lord Bishop.' Mr. Barron 6aid this title was conferred by letters patent. Hon. Mr. Rolleston saw no harm in the use of this title, which was one of courtesy, im plying no territorial jurisdiction. Mr. Smith asked what good there was in such a title? Hon. Mr. Conolly saw a good deal in this objection, because, after the present Bishop died, there might be a Roman Catholic ' Lord Bishop,' and the bill made no dis tinction; Hon. Mr. Rolleston further read from ' May's Parliamentary Practice ' to show that in the premiership of William Pitt it was decided .that tho title of ' Lord Bishop ' applied to colonial bishops of all Churches. On the motion of Mr. Holmes, the description of ' Lord Bishop ' was amended by adding the name of the present Bishop of Christchurch. A correspondent of the Argus, writing from Ambrym, New Hebrides; on August 22, says : — ' The result of the action of H.M.S. Dart at the village of Ballat on the 4th instant was that nine natives were killed and several wounded. Two villages were burnt. After wards Commander Moore held a conference, in the presence of Presbyterian missionaries, with the in habitants, and made them give up all their arms, 40 muskets, including 10 Sniders and a quantity of bows and arrows. These were packed in cases and sent by the schooner Energy to Noumea, to be despatched to the Commodore at Sydney. An agreement was made that in future none of the natives of Ambrym are to carry arms. Commander Moore also fined the village 20 pigs for the murder of Captain Belbin, which was totally unprovoked. Mr. Craig, a white trader, who, with his wife, resides at Dip Point, near Ballat, tells me that Commander Moore has given the natives such a salutary lesson that he now feels perfectly safe, as they will not attack white men again. William Parker, the seaman of the Dart who was killed in the attack on the village, was buried at sea.' Regarding the tidal wave in New Zealand telegrams from Wellington and Lyttelton to the Otago Daily Times, dated August 29, state : — ' Captain Edwin has received the following telegram this morning re a tidal wave at Mongonui : ' The sea has been rushing in and re ceding with much rapidity for several hours.' Captain Edwin also received a telegram, timed 9 a.m., from Russell, stating that a tidal wave had been experienced there. Also a further message from Mongonui, stating that the first rush of water took place at 10 o'clock last night, but there was nothing of any conBequenoa until 4 this morning. The wave lasted from 4 o'clock until 10\. Last night and this morning the waters of Lyttel ton Harbour were ebbing and flowing in an exceptional manner. About half-past 10 this morning the men working in the dock noticed the water suddenly fall about 2& feet, it then being flood tide. At half-past 7 the water at the Watermen's Wharf was six feet below tba usual low- water mark, and one of the launches alongside took the ground. The wharf at Purau is re ported high and dry, Pilot Reed, when taking the barque Thurso to sea this morning, noticed water off Pigeon Bay very muddy.' The Maldon correspondent of the Argus gives the following particulars of an assault on a female who was mistaken for a ghost : — ' A few nights ago Mrs. Miller was returning horae, and, whilst waiting for a friend at a street corner, was passed by a young man, who, after going past her a few yards, returned, knocked her down, and struck her, giving her two blaok eyes and in flicting other injuries. Before leaving, he told her he thought he had given her enough. On reaching home she informed her friends, who at once communicated with tho police, but, as she could not give any descrip tion of the person who assaulted her, the matter re mained a mystery. Reports had for some time past been current that ghosts have been seen in the neigh bourhood of the place where the assault took place, and the following morning a young man who delivers milk in the neighbourhood appeared as usual, but with a bandaged and helpless hand, and informed his customers that he had been fighting with the ghost. This morn ing, on hearing that Mrs. Miller's case was in the hands of the police, he at once paid a visit to the sufferer, and on finding that she was really the ghost he had attacked, he offered a most abject apology. It is not known whether this has been accepted.' The Zoological Society's grounds at Moore Park are likely at no distant date to become a most fashionable place of reBort. The attractions of the grounds, Trhich are being rendered as beautiful as possible under exist ing circumstances, and the interest attaching to new arrivals of choice specimens of quadruped and ornitho logical life, are combining to this most desirable end. On Saturday afternoon the grounds in question were thronged with visitors, who seemed to take a great in terest in the exhibits, the principal attraction amongst the latter being 'Jumbo,' whose popularity has not abated in the least. Whilst the animals as yet in the possession of the society are not numerous, they are good of their respeotive kinds, and the nucleus is now formed of what should, under proper encour agement, be in the future a fine exhibition. One of the pleasing features on Saturday was the orderly manner in which the sightseers deported themselves, there being none of that vulgar pushing and selfish endeavouring to get a view gene rally witnessed at such plaoes. An additional attrac tion was afforded by the presence of the Coldstream Brass Band, and altogether a most enjoyable afternoon was spent. The receipts so far have been satisfactory, an average of £3 per day having been taken. A small boy named John M'Gee Crawley, who re sided with his father, a toymaker, at 118, Moorhead street, Redfern, met with a very serious accident on Saturday. It appears that the little fellow was stand-; ing close to an engine which was at work on the premises, and whilst in the act of stooping to pick something op was caught by the fly-wheel and thrown some distance, his head unfortunately coming into contact with a projecting piece of iron. He was picked up in an unconscious state, and was conveyed to the hospital as speedily as possible. It was found that on the right side of the head, about two inches above and directly in a line with the right ear, he had sustained a lacerated scalp wound two inches long ; a depressed frac ture of the skull was felt, and it was subsequently dis covered that a piece of bone, nearly half an inch broad, and over an inch long, had been completely separated from the skull, and was fairly in the brain. The symptoms rapidly became urgent, and a consultation having been held by the medical staff it was decided to raise the depreseed portion of the skull. This was successfully done without the operation of trepanning, and the patient progressed so favourably that in a short time he recovered sufficiently to recognise his father. He is now progressing as well as can be expected. In reference to the proposal to destroy rabbits by inoculation, the Age remarks : — Would it be wise, or would it be prudent even, to inoculate hundreds of thousands of rabbits with tuberculosis, and leave their dead bodies to be decomposed and scattered in the form of dust by the four winds of heaven, without some thing approaching to an absolute certainty that they would not carry infection along with them ? We all know enough of the way in which disease spreads in some forms from the lower animals to man, and are careful to avoid it ; and we should be no less careful to guard against infection by the germs of disease floating around us in the atmosphere if that theory is to be considered as established. Phthisis or consumption is one of the moBt dreaded forms of human disease, and to run the riBk of increasing it, either by contact with infected rabbits, or by using their dead bodies as an article of food, by exposing ourselves to germs of the disease in the atmosphere, appears to us to be little short of madness. There would not, it is said, be any great risk run in using their dead bodies as an article of food, if exposed to sufficient heat to kill the germs of disease in cooking them, but there would still be ' death in the pot,' and who can say what amount of heat would be required to avert the lethal tendency ? Altogether, therefore, it appears to us that we should be as well without this new discovery as with it, if not, indeed, better. Whiting on the land-grant railway projects and the alienation of large tracts of territory in Western Australia, a correspondent of the Inquirer says: — 'I am not surprised that Mr, Carey has dissented from the recommendations of a majority of the committee appointed to consider the amendments to the land regulations, on the ground that they are opposed to the true in terests of the colony. I may also mention the tract of country applied for last month by Messrs. Cruickshank and Co., of Victoria, encompassing no less than 1,824,000 acres in the Northern district; 1,340,000 acres in the Eastern district, applied for by Messrs. Sep. Burt and Co., of Perth ; a small estate com prising 512,000 acres at Hampton Plains, leased in blocks of 64,000 acres to the Earl of Carnarvon, Sir G. R. W. Herbert, Sir Julius Vogel, Sir A. C. Stepney, Mr. Wm. M'Kinnon, and other capitalists, with a pre-emptive right of purchase in fee. I differ, on other grounds, from those who would alienate our landc. History will be repeating itself. In the days of the Norman invasion vast estates were given to those who conquered with the sword. In the case of our colony it is proposed to give a great portion of an immense territory to those who subdue the land with the iron horse. What will be the effect ? A powerful body will be in possession of the land, landlordism will prevail, and the colony will be governed, in its fiscal polioy, by associated capital in corporate form.' Ok Tuesday afternoon an official inspection was made of a numerous assortment of native timbers prepared by Messrs. John Taylor and Co., wholesale and retail timber merchants, Sussex-street, for the Caloutta Exhibi tion. The collection is a varied one, comprising splendid specimens of the principal classes of wood in the colony. The wood has been collected by, and is being prepared for, the New South Wales Commission, at the instance of the Department of Mines, and it was yesterday in spected by Mr. Charles Moore, F.L.S., chairman of the committee in charge of vegetable produots, who was accompanied by the secretary to the commission, Mr. A. Cumming. Altogether there are upwards of 115 specimens, which are cut into convenient lengths, one half being polished, and the other half left simply in its raw state. The exhibits include red cedar, black and white pine, stringy bark, iron bark, red and blue gum, mahogany, oak, mountain ash, white box, wattle, dogwood, tallow wood, turpentine, apple tree, myrtle, and a number of others. One of the finest specimens appears to be a piece of red cedar, which in its polished state presents a splendid rich-looking surface. There is also a first-class assortment of red gum from the Moama district, including a sleeper of considerable length. After the wood had been examined, the specimens were considered to be of first rate excellence, as combining the most noticeable specimens of colonial timbers, including those of special commercial value. These specimens, together with a number of others which are being forwarded by Messrs. John Taylor and Co., are to be shipped on the 15th Instant. The Eaglehawk correspondent of the Age gives fuller particulars than those received by telegrams of the attempt made by Dr. Marr to shoot his wife. The cir cumstances are of a sensational character. Recently Dr. Marr came to Eaglehawk, where he com menced practice, and had a very fair connection. On Thursday afternoon he waB preparing to visit a patient and the buggy was got ready. However, he met a friend, and adjourned to a neighbouring hostelry to have refreshments. They stayed a long time, and when they came back the groom considered that the doctor was in an unfit condition to attend to patients. Accordingly when the doctor got into the vehicle he drove the buggy into the yard. Marr asked him where the ? he was taking him. The groom said home, when Marr got exoited, and attempted to drive out, but he ran the buggy against a fence ; he then threatened to shoot the groom and rushed into the house for his revolver. The groom got alarmed and drove off. Marr got the revolver, but on coming out he met his wife in the passage. Some words passed between them, and Marr then turned on her and fired a shot, which was luckily wide of the mark. She rushed down the passage and opened the door, whioh she had just closed behind her when he fired again, the charge lodging in the woodwork. Mrs. Marr rnshed up to the police camp, and Constable M'Liney accompanied her back. M'Liney saw that Marr had no weapon in his hands, but on going to arrest him Marr, who was like a madman, made for his pocket, where he had a weapon conoealed. After a straggle, however, he was secured and locked up. Ik reviewing Sir John Pope Hennassy's book on 'Sir Walter Raleigh in Ireland,' the Athenaeum, remarks: — ' The ancient wrongs of Ireland possess an extraordinary fascination for the minds of Irishmen. Th8 idea has been passed from father to son, and the present work proves that a man ot the world, an ex perienced politician, one who haB governed with ability and success distant and important dependencies of the empire, is not free from its influence, A recent traveller in Mexico states that upon arriving at a way aid e inn, in a remote and almost unknown district, he found an Irishman declaiming in a rich Cork brogue upon thin inexhaustible subject to an audience of two Spanish Mexicans and three Indians, not one of whom understood the English language. This retrospective patriotism is not confined to the Irish of Celtic extrac tion, but men whose names betray the Saxon — nay, men of recent arrival in Ireland — are ready to declare that they and their ancestors have withstood England to the death for seven centuries, and that if every man had his right they would be reinstated in the possession of hereditary estates. On behalf of the reading public and the reviewers we must declare that the subject is exhausted. ' That tradition-loving and leng-memoried people (viz., the Irish- speaking population of Munster), as Thierry calls them— the most unchanging people on the face of the globe, as Mr. Froude calls them — are not ignorant of the events of three hundred years ago, and they look upon them as their ancestors looked upon them then.' This may be so, but we have read enough, and more than enough on this subject, and writers who have nothing new to say about it may find that their works will not interest many people.' So far as its wool products are ooncerned, the colony is likely to be satisfactorily represented at the Calcutta Exhibition. It was the desire of the commission that this should be the case, and they entrusted Mr. P. N. Trebeck with tbe duty of preparing an exhibit illus trating in a worthy way the colony's staple product. The result has been highly successful. Mr. Trebeck consulted Messrs. J. Vicars and Co., of Sussex-street, in the matter, and those gentlemen have produced an exhibit which shows our wool both in its natural and its manufactured state. One case in connection with it contains the greasy article as it is reoeived from the equatter ; also scoured wool of snowy whiteness, as well as some retaining its native brownness. There are also the product as it appears when dyed black, scarlet, orange, or gray, and as it appears when spun into yarns, carded, and twisted, and in each instance much brilliancy of colouring has been produced. This case illustrates the simpler processes of manufacture. Besides these, how ever, the exhibit comprises tweeds of 21 different pat terns, including buckskins, twills, and hair-cords, various checks, diagonals, and indigo blues ; also white cricketing tweed, searlet cloth, native brown tweeds, and shawls and plaids. All the articles are of pure wool, and were produced at the firm's establish ment. They have been examined by a large number of gentlemen engaged in the woollen trade, who have pronounced them to be equal in [quality, finish, and style to imported articles of the same character. They are displayed at Messrs. Vicais and Co.'s office, and persons who desire to see them — and they are well worthy of it — will have but a brief period for doing so, as they are to be packed for shipment to-morrow. The Good 'Templars of H.M.8. Miranda held their final meeting in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-Btreet, on Saturday evening, on which occasion there were about 600 visitors present from different lodges, including a large muster of men from H.M.S. Nelson. Mr. F. I Perkins, C.T., presided. The meeting was opened with ! the usual Templar formality, after which, some ordinary business having been done, a vote of thanks was accorded with enthusiasm to the visitors. This was responded to on behalf of almost every Good Templar lodge in the city and suburbs. All the speakers united in good wishes to the brethren who are soon leaving for home. A beautifully illu minated address was presented, amid much applause, to Mr. John S, Shearston, seaman's missionary. It was bound in leather, in album form, tastefully ornamented in gold lettering, and was generally much admired. Mr. Shearston, in acknowledging the kindly gift, said that although he met occasionally with much to discour age and dishearten him in his work, yet he had always felt cheered and helped by the officers and men of the Miranda. The genial sympathy and kindness bestowed on him in his endeavours to do his best to promote the sailor's welfare were received by him with gratitude. He wished the men a safe voyage home, and urged them to be firm and stedfast to their total abstinence pledges. The lodge chaits and insignia were then handed to the missionary to be used hereafter in establishing a lodge for the new ship's company of the Miranda when she returns here. The master-at-arms also addressed the men, giving them some excellent practical advice, which was well reoeived. Some music was then performed, after which the meeting closed with prayer and the hearty singing of the National Anthem. In commenting on the evidence given before the Victorian Education Commission by Archdeacon Slattery, the Age observes : — ' Personally, Archdeacon Slattery really admires the State system of edu cation, and the Church never thinks of interfering with the 1500 or 2000 Catholio teachers who draw salaries for teaching what it is damnation to learn. Catholic teachers may officiate in State schools, and may endure the presence of Catholic children in their classes, so long as they do not encourage them to go there. See what it is to be a oasuist« * That unfor tunate Catholio conscience, w|hich yon cannot under stand, but whioh I do understand very intimately,' says Archdeacon Slattery, in his most genial way, - that is the difficulty,' and ' when we have an unfortunate con science the State, if just and generous, would be bound to respect it.' Certainly the conscience which thinks it wrong for a Catholio to learn grammar in a State school, though the State praotically enjoins it, and right for a Catholic to teach grammar in the same place, about which the State is absolutely indifferent, does strike us as an unfortunate one. May not the State also have an unfortunate con science ? There are those among us who look on State aid to religion as criminal. Is their money to be handed over to Archdeacon Slattery, and the Quaker or the Independent to be tormented with soruples that the Catholic puree may be relieved ? On the whole if unfortunate consciences are to play the part in the State whioh a lady's nerves play ia the domestio household, we incline to think that the antidenominationalist has the better case of it. He thinks it wrong to subsidise any particular sect. The Catholic only thinks it incon venient to have to pay for separate schools. Surely abstract principle ought to carry the day against the breeches-pocket,' A telegram in another page announoed the death of Mr. J. D. Ireland, son of the late Mr, R. D. Ireland, the eminent barrister, of Victoria. The unfortunate young gentleman's death was caused by exposure, and being overtaken by a snow storm, of which the following particulars are given by the Alpine Observer : — ' It appears that on Tuesday afternoon, September 4, Mr. J. King, manager of the Italians claim at Cobungra, reported that he had fonnd MV. Ireland in an almost inanimate condition, buried in the snow, on the Omeo track, about nine miles from Harrietville. He attempted to convey Mr. Ireland to Harrietville, but was compelled to leave him by the roadside to seek assistance. When Mr. King returned with a party, he found that, although not an hour had elapsed, the body was almost covered with tbe falling snow. At first doubts were entertained as to the possi bility of restoring vitality. The body was perfectly rigid, and all expression gone from the countenance. In about three hours Mr. Ireland recovered. He states that he was desirous of crossing the mountain from Gippsland to the North-eastern district, and left on the morning of the 29th August. He travelled for four days, the whole time in snow, through the Dargo Plains, the track being so badly blazed that he lost himself, and on Saturday last, the 1st instant, returned to his starting place. He made a fresh start on Monday morning, 3rd instant When he got well on to the Dargo Plains it began to snow heavily. Rounding Freezeout the enow was chest deep, and he was compelled to crawl along on hie hands and knees for a considerable distance. Shortly after the snow fell so thick, and blew so fiercely into his face, that he became confused, and knew not where to look for the shelter that he had been Btriving to get to. Hib head got giddy, and he was falling over logs and scrub. He ultimately became insensible, and was almost buried in snow.' The following particulars of the murder of a teamster at Lawson's Springs on the 29 th August were telegraphed (says the S. A. Register ) to the Commis sioner of Polioe: — 'John Rees and Joseph E. Martin, teamsters, with Government rations, left waggons on road, near Lawson's Creek, in charge of the cook. A Malay drove the bullocks to the Springs, a distance of two miles from the road, for water, intending to camp there. Five natives followed ihe waggons from Newcastle, appearing friendly. During tho evening two strange natives went to the waggons, whom the cook warned off. They then went to the Springs and camped there with the other five natives. Rees and Martin slept in a breakwind of dry boughs erected by party when clearing out from the Springs, about 25 yards apart, and their two blackboys a short distance away, and the natives about 25 yards from ReeB and Martin. At about 10.30 p.m. Rees was awakened by a noise, and saw a native swinging a large blazing stick, and heard one blackboy cry out, ' What for blackfellow kill white fellow ?' He ran to Martin's camp, singing out and firing shots to frighten the natives. He saw a native throw down the fire-stick, which he found lying on Martin's mouth, the grass and breakwind being on fire. He dragged Martin out of the fire, whom he found to be dead. He then left for the waggons with the blackboys, and started one on horseback to the station foe assistance, which arrived here at noon on Thursday. Mr. Jones, the assistant, and two men left the same afternoon and arrived at the waggons at midnight. Mr. Jones inspected the body the following morning, and. found the skull smashed in on the right side, just above the forehead. The faoe and head were covered with blood. A stick was lying near the body, one end of which was much burnt and spattered with blood. He saw to the burial of the body, and took possession of all deceased's property, also the stick. The natives did not attempt to interfere with the waggons. Rees and the cook can identify the natives.' 