CONSECRATION OF ST. PETER'S CHURCH, GLENELG. On Saturday, May 19, the ceremony of the consecration of St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, was jierformed by the Bishop of Adelaide. The Church was crowded in every part, a number having to a ?ail themselves of the standing - room. The service was read by tlie officiating clergyman, the Rev. S. French. The order of the consecration was as follows:—The Bishop, with a number of the clergy and laity, proceeded from St. Peter's Schoolroom to the west door of the Church. The Building Committee came first, followed by the choir and the assisting clergy, Bishop Kennion, attended by his Chaplain and Registrar, closing the procession. The Bishop having proceeded to the front of the altar (upon which the vessels for Holy Communion were placed), Messrs. R. Smith and H. R. Fenton (Wardens), together with Mr. W. R. Wigley (one of the Trustees), presented to him the deeds of the Church, which His Lordship placed upon the hcly table; also a petition, praying him to consecrate the Church, whicfi was read aloud. Prayer having been ofiered by the Bishop, afl stood up, while the sentence of consecration .was read by the Registrar (Mr. A. Stiircke), signed by the Bishop, who, standing forward, said, " 1 declare this Church of St. Peter to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the "Holy Ghost. Amen." The "Te Deum" was_ then sung, and the remainder of the service having been gone through, a sermon was delivered by His Lordship on the_ text. " And of Zion it shall be said, this and that man was born in her; and the highest himself shall establish her. The Lord shall count, when he writeth up the people, that this man was born there. As well the singers as the players on instruments shall be there : all my springs are in thee."—Psalm lxxxviL 5, 6, and 7. This glorious Psalm, if properly interpreted, was but an anticipation of the New Testament itself. It spoke in a spirit of catholicity, which the Jew would hardly be able to interpret, of the widespread influence and the vast range of the Church. In its language and authorship the Psalm* demanded attention, aud, like Luther's favourite Psalm, it was perhaps written after that wonderful delivery from the army of Sennacherib by which Jerusalem had been encompassed in the days of Hezekiah. • The text, moreover, pointed most ful'y to the Church as being the home of the nation. Wherever the Church of England had spread she had carried with her those lineaments of holiness, truth, and order which the world's kingdoms could net supply. The services of the Christian Church were most important at the present time, when lawlessness was sweeping orer Europe, and making every throne tremble. Where could the conflicting strivings of the people be consolidated if not in the Christian spiritual citizenship,' in which each nation, without losing its identity, may have its part and portion? The text spoke also of the bright inheritance above, where each one would become the recipient of God's holy spirit. But besides the norr.e of the nation, the Church was also the home of the individual, and we might thank God indeed that it had been reserved for us to see the awakening love for the grand truth of the corporeity of the Church and the realizing of the fact that we are one grand body; that we are not isolated congregations, but that we are met together as one great bod\% of which Christ Jesus is the unseen Head. There were so many scattered communities that it might seem impossible for men to realize that they were one tabernacle, in which the spirit of Christianity should ever dwell; yet we should thank God that we were privileged in this day to see tbe Church awakening to the fact that unless they were united as a great Society, perpetually gathering strength, they would not be qualified for the great work that lay before them. The words of the text, moreover, breathed, as it were, an anticipation of the rite of baptism, which makes every one a member of the Church of God. Those who fully realized the words would come truly tor consider the Church as their home, and Christ, as preached therein, as the strengthener and refresher of their souls in the Zion of God's House. The preacher then referred to the oblation, benediction, and consecratio™ which they had witnessed, and which had hallowed that spot and made it holy for them, when they should come to it in. a spirit of true reverence. In conclusion he exhorted those present to give freely towards removing the debt which remained on the Church. The service terminated with the apostolic benediction. St. Peter's 'is a large and commodious Church, and is capable of seating 600 persons. In size it is 91 ft. by 46 ft., exclusive of the chancel, which is 25 ft. by 21 ft. The total cost will be about £4,000. It replaces the old Church that occupied the same site, and which, by reason of its small size, was unsuited to the growing wants of the Anglican community of Glenelg. ORDINATION SERVICE.—Bishop Kennion held an ordination service at St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday morning, when the Rev. James Stuart Wayland was ordained a. deacon, and the Rev. Mervyn Moss Whitton a priest. This is the first service of the kind which has been held by Dr. Kennion, and that fact, added to the impressive nature of the ceremony, attracted '. large congregation. Prior to the offices being conferred upon the candidates His Lordship delivered an address founded upon the 12th verse of the Epistle of St. Paul to the Ephesians, which ispart of the epistle specially selected by the Church of England to be used in such ceremonials. The sermon specially directed the attention of the congregation to the foundation and importance of the offices of deacons, priests, and bishops. Dr. Kennion began by controverting the opinion: which had been expressed by one writer that the bishops or overseers were persons appointed in the early days of the Christian Church by its members to simply -collect and distribute alms, and that they gathered round them priests and deacons, whose duty was to assist in such distribution. He then went on to point out that; the Church did not exist for the clergy, but that they were the organs for the body, and he then drew the attention of the candidate for the office of deacon to the actions of the Lord Jesus Christ, who was content to kneel down humbly and wash tbe feet _ of His disciples, showing thus how in love we were to serve one another. He should love his work, aud, above all, should see that it was done simply out of a love for Christ. As for the duties of those who were ordained to the priesthood, they were to be those of guides to their flocks. They must watch with tender care over the young, and be ever ready to minister at the bedside of the sick. In conclusion. Dr. Kennion asked for the prayers of the congregation for those who were that day to be admitted to holy orders The office of ordination was then performed according to the rites of the Church, the Ven. Archdeacon Marrvat presenting the candidates to His Lordship. The Very Rev. the Dean, Archdeacon Dove, Canon Dendy, and the Rev. Mr. Rawstorne (Bishop's Chaplain), also took pare in the service. We understand that Mr. Wayland has been licensed by the Bishop as assistant- curate to the Rev. C. G. Taplin at All Saints', Moonta, and Mr. Whitton as priest in charge of the Southern Yorke's Peninsula Mission. BLUE RIBBON PRINCIPLES IN BELGIUM.— Blue Ribbon principles are evidently influencing Belgian authorities, for a timehonoured custom in the Brussels Chamberof Deputies has lately been abrogated, much to the wrath of the members. Formerly (so says the Brussels correspondent of the Paris Figaro J the traditional glass of water prepared to wet the parched throat of every Parliamentary orator was replaced in the Brussels House by a "grog au cognac." These "grogs" were not only supplied to the actual speakers, but ipere solemnly handed round by the House officials every hour to the deputies, reporters, and foreign journalists, while the "grogs'* at the tribune itself was replenished as often, as the orator pleased. But this year the " grogs" have vanished, and only humble eav, sucrte is handed round; while, though thereis a bar for supplying the beloved "grogs," the deputies have to pay for them. Remonstrances having proved useless, the head of the Opposition now brings his brandy flask with, him, and when he gets his eoMsucrie ostentatiously mixes his own "grog." Not only hia followers, but his opponents take the hint,, and the flasks appear all down the benches, in the hopes of shaming the Government out. of their economical fit. DISTRICT OF VICTORIA.—It is Mr. T. wade Boothby who is one of the candidates for the representation of Victoria. CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.—The Secretary desires to acknowledge the receipt of £6 6s. from Messrs. Barker & Chambers, being proceeds of admission to Mr. Coglin's stud sale at the Sturt Bazaar on 18thinst.; and also £5 Is. 3d. from the Secretary of the- Kensington and Norwood Cricketing Association, as. tbe net proceeds of the fancy dress football match played at the Kensington Oval on 17th inst. Mi aid of the Hospital funds. TEMPERANCE JUBILEE.—A Band of Hope Union public meeting in connection with the Temperance Jubilee will be held this evening in the North Adelaide Tempeiance Hall. /3T We have seen at tbe Establishment of Mr J. M. Wendt the Birthday Gold Cup. which will be run for on the 24th of May on the Old Course. It is a beautiful specimen of workmanship, and reflects great credit to the manufacturer. It is on view at 70, Rundlc-street, for a few days, and is wdl worth an inspection I27mwfc M" WORTH KNOWING.—That the Largest Clothing and Tailoring Premises in Adelaide, and the Beat, most Stylish, and Cheapest Selection of Men's, Youths', and Boys' Clothing and Outfitting, is at G. & W. Shierlaw's, Glasgow House, 11, Hindleystrcct. Tiiol is thd test" try them. Ccvd 