€fj t Waltaiae €iiae« WALLAROO. WEDNESDAY..SEPT. ;18.;1983.f It will be seen fry our last Bight's telegrams that the Opposition,, adhe ring to that system., of. obstruction which has characterised their move* ments during the present session, have succeeded-in, defeating the jGro vernment on their taxation proposals, in the hopejj it, is /ami; that . the, Government will bring in something better. This may be done, but: it seems to us that, any measure which seeks to readjust the incidence of taxation, or that is likely to interfere i materially "with certain" prominent' members, will meet with a;eimilar fate to that which has befoll&n; the^Govern-, ment schemes. Surely the electors will not be hoodwinked any longer. ' Those-, oily individuals. who . make such fair, promises on the hustings, W3I not have time to do any ." hedging", before a fresh - election; and -if the electors, whohave b'eeti shown pretty conclusively < -lately that : they are entirely ignored,,do not show by their votes that they have become tired of bearing the burdenB of the propertied classes, then theyilesprve.to suffer, It is astonishing. the effect that the hope of handling a little hard cash > has on the minds of' some people. Inr the last number of the JEhtropetm Mail " Anglo-Australian" informs us that in the matter' of emigration British Columbia has comeJto .the fore with extraordinary , attractions. -!$■ irp pearsihecause of ,!3ris is that the Government are giving money bonuses of £2 to" each new arrival." "Tlu8 is nothing like the value of the Jand orders^i^eri by this and'ofher oofojiies, but as~ it is in cash ite value is under stood- b Ster-'by' the'^borm^^aBses, who are. ih^spfcfrevrin a position" to appreciated^ in a manner that is impossible^ith 'a Lstnd^arrSHti the" real value of .wbich iiB "c&mparativfily; unknown. Some of "tfo Colonial go vernments mightta&e;^lunt firbm this, as if two , pounds"*in jcaghv.iB vmp^e; highly-appi-eraated; than £20 in land^ it wojM^b'ewgir^ . use the cash/ thus : securing: ten per-. sonB For'e^ei^ present system.*! 0 U 2. & .1 .H AwoBa^^i»?t^^ccpuat®i $i»MBeeti ing of the2 - pai y, held'altm? Guild Hall Tavern, London, on July 30, land speculation iojEort Augusta has paid somd people.. '^Iie chg|bH|ian saidjthe Gfcly remark he iqji|l tfl^aks was'in ^connection with sale swill Rjpce -©f land at j*drt A^^teta-i-rftfThey .Im. nok-got qulte^aa much for it as they expected; but as it was only a -email piece, it was -exceedingly-difficult for them to man age it at such a distance. At the con clusion Sir Charles Witham, who was present, intimated that they had paid £127 for the land'originally, and bad sold it ior £8,500. Under such cir cumstances one cannot help thinking that in the matter of modesty the feh&irman; of directors of the Austra lian Mining Company is quite equal to .either an American or an Austra lian. It will be remembered that some time ago an English telegram appeared in our columns, intimating that Mr Healey, one of the Irish members, who felt aggrieved at the refusal of the New i South Wales Government to permit the landing of the Irish informers in . tbe colony, had given notice that he would ask how many of the members of the Parliament and Government ■ of -'that colony had formerly been' convicts. The latest news, how. ever, shows that although the Irish Irish Informers' business became mixed up in the discussion, the primary cause of Mr Healey's moving was the fact of the 3^ew South "Wales G-overnment striking off the list of. magistrates the names of the throe Orange Jusfcices who signed an address to Mr Redmond, in which the British P-arljament was referred to as a if foreign Senate," and expressing their ''admiration of resolute resistance to oppressive proceedings." A lively passage took place between Mr Evelyue. Ashley, and some of the Irish members, and when Mr Healey saSd:—" I beg. to give notice that I shall ask the bon. gentleman how inany convicts are in the Legislature of Sydney • whether any convicts—pick pockets and so forth—exported from this country have found their way into the Government of New South Wales." i The announcement was laughed at. The MtrsafiOF® Troupe.—These popular i vocalists, who have been delighting the people in Kadina and Moonta during the present week appear in the Institute Hall, Wallaroo, .this (Wednesday) evening, when doubtless, they will be well patronized. GBEEsr'sPiiAtNsJ3How.—We would remind ' the public generally that the Daly Agricul tural Society's is Show to be held to-day at i Green's Plains. Wc learn that there have .been a goodly number of entries in the \ principal clasps, and j that, with fair weather, 1 the show is expected to be the best yet held i by the Society. Colonel Downes.—The Adelaide corres pondent of the Kapun&a; HeraH says: •' In ait probability Colonel Downea, the Goionel Commandant of our military forces, will resign his position, if he has not already done eo. Lately he asked for «n increase of salary, and it was refused—hence the resigna tion." South Hummocks B. C. Chcbch. The anniversary ol the Bible Christian Church in this locality was brought to a successful ter mination last Sunday, when the &evd.; G. Varley preached to large congregations, Mr William Young|kindly accommodating all, who, having attended in the afternoon, wished to remain to the evening service. Liberal collections were taken up, the total proceeds of the anniversary being £16 18s. , The WaIiIiABOO Dam,—At the meeting of _tbe Town Council on Monday evening, it was intimated .by the Mayor that the Government were not building a wall as promised between the embankment of the new dam and Mr Gepp's property ; and in consequence he had learn; that the Mayor' received a telegram yesterday stating that the contractor had been stopped in the erection of the fen<*e, and that ^telegraphed pointing out the neglect. We wall would be built at onee. The work of .excavation is completed, and the- drams are being put in. The work certainly speaks highly for Messrs Grocombe and Cook as con tractors, as, having so little space for the deposit of loose earth, the work has been surrounded by difficulties. The high em -baukments will in a large measure shelter the dam from the effects of hot winds, and in this way the evaporation will be considerably decreased. Altogether it is about the neatest dam iri the *hoie district. El<EOTOBAIi;Dl6TaiCT OS Wai&aboo.;—We are endebted to the Jfoturniog .Officer, for the DistrictjofvWallaroo (J,. B. Shepherdson, E8q., S.M-)';for the following particulars in connection with the -Court of Revision, held at the , Court Souse, oil Monday, 17th Sept., 1883 f— -JjEGIBLATTVE COUNCIL; Name of Poll ing Place. o *>> So® o g i No.ofnew 1 claims 1 allowed. i*o ** t- o jggg 11« 12 tj a <a © ci J o ooS fa o M o a £ 1 Total now on tbo | Boll. Wallaroo 225 l 1 l 224 316 6 322 283 ... 283. Green'sPlaiBB 99 ... ... ■ 99 Kulpara 36 1 l 36 •Totals,...... 959 8 ... 1 2 ,964 ' : SODBE OS ASSEMBI/ST Name ofl?oli ing PlaScef*' s >> § £ fc . o a<o Cgg o«! »pj u £ 0 0) £5 o 52 gas Bio •2SS a o£ So5 o a o s m_ O o • - !§« " ! ;: Wallaroo... 363 1 - i ' 1 1 362 ' UooAta'~....«. vsa 61 — 1 2 1676 Kadtna ......... .917 2G \- - \- - , »» Greeh'sPlains 169. : ... - 169 Ealpara 85 . ... i 1 86 j 9 ~ TfTotals, 30*1 88" i - 2 4 3124 •- -> ^ . JTbb Opposmow..—The following ramming oup'off the Oppoeitaeriby "IJndertheSpeaker," ■ hi khe Advertiser be omitted: —^'pChis Opposition has for a long time/jmst. been split up into different*ectiooe'on « ^eai Question-which ought 'tis binte ^ instead of Separating i the, elemii^ti ^ a. properlV organised party. „ It ihasltfidi forcibly brought under its attention the amazing fact that in this colony the burdenB of the State are so j inequitably arranged that those least able to bear them have the greatest weight thrown upon their shoulders. For many weary years the working classes hare vainly striven to shake off the " old man of the sea" in the shape of in unjust system of taxation. Ask the'Opposition what they think of this, arid except from an uninfluential few yoa wili get responses exhibiting the warmest sympathy with the oppressed ones and professions of the most chivalrous determination to relieve them. But if facts were the eoie tneans of interpreting tbe sincerity of these professions their hollowcesB would become inevitably manifest. Let a Government honestly en deavour to rectify the present monstrous system, and the Oppoeitionjoppoee them for opposition sake. They care not a single straw how long the abuse continues if only in | the battle between the ins and the outs they can score a point. Taxation is not a party question in its essence, but the Opposition have for their own purposes made it one. They are ready to fight the Government on any issue, provided only that tbe slightest possibility offers of defeating their opponents^ They are pledged to no scheme that they will not desert should it be found no longer tenable as a means of factious opposition. They are wedded to no theory which they are not prepared to forsake in a week, a day or an honr. The only object seems to be, in short, not that the Opposition should carry anything, but that the Government should carry nothing, and that the fighting should be continued for the mere sake of the encounter." Chamber of MANCFACTtraES.—We have received a copy of the fourteenth annual report of the Chamber of Manufactures. It contains a full report of the annua] meeting, nnd a vast amount of useful information. It is got up very neatly and reflects the greatest eredit on the printers, Messrs Carey and Page. " TTttat.tttttt,"—There are a number of persons in this world who will not adhere to the good old custom of " calling a spade a spade." A moat striking example of this was provided a few days ago by a correspon dent of the South Australian Times, who objected to some criticisms paBaed by the 'Register on a nigger entertainment. The writer in question directed' attention to our contemporary's .bad grammar, and then con cluded as follows " I think I have presen ted here another illustration of the well worn maxim that those who are domiciled in structures of a gelatinous substance should be careful how they preponderate missiles." Cobnish Bsateey. —The Jloyal Cornwall Gazette, August 3, says:—Visitors to the great beach at Ferranporth witnessed, on Wednesday week, a scene of heroism that deserves to be widely recorded. Those who know the character of the wild scenery on the north Cornish coast will be filled with admiratien for the deed about to be recorded. A picnic party from Cam borne was driven in a waggonette to Ferran porth by Charles Thomas, who, after stabling borses at the inn, went out to smoke * pipe on the western beach. The tides are very treach erous on these wide-spreading beaches, and a person who does not carefully mark the ap proack of the flowing waters will often find himself cut off from the shore. This was just the case with Thomas, who, finding himself in this perilous position, made an attempt to climb the cliff, but after gaining a height of about 30 feet, found to his ^pffnay that it was impossible for him to proceed. The rocky wall was too precipitous, and all he could do was to turn around and sit in a sloping position on a narrow ledge, with but the slightest foothold for one foot. Meanwhile the waters had encircled tbe ridge of rock at the base of the cliff. Such was his terrible position when he was observed by two visitors i who at once made the coastgumrd acquainted with the man's desperate straits. Commis sioned Boatman George Parker and Boatman John Regan were speedily on the cliff with their life-lines. The great rook on whioh Thomas was is connected with the mainland by a narrow ridge, formed by a landslip. There are numerous rocks of this kind on the coast. They rise out of the beaches, and have been separated from tbe mainland by the action of tbe wares. It was soon seen that it was impossible to throw Thomas the rope, as tbe slightest attempt to catch it would cause him to loose his foothold. R>*gan volunteered to be lowered over the cliff, a dis tance of eighty or a hundred feet, to the ridge, then climb over to the island, and lower the rope to Thomas. The scene was eagerly watched by the spectators and the excitement culminated as tbe rope neared Thomas. It was feared that in his eagerness to clntch the life-line he would lose his seat and fall ; but, -being cautioned by Regan, he most deliberately disengaged one hand, and then the ether, placed the noose round his body, and was then gently lowered down to tbe rocks, where he was met by an inhabitant of tbe place, who escorted him up a safe path, way. Began then replaced the rope round himself crawled across the difficult and narrow Tidge and was drawn up again. He was warmly congratulated on his striking bravery, and received the hearty thanks of the bystan ders. A collection was made on the spot for the benefit of the coastgHardmen, and those who read this account, as well as the eye witnesses of the noble aot, will doubtless feel convinced that it is a cage deserving the medal of the Boyal Humane Society. Casey, the Iotobmeb.—Regarding the effect produced by the news of James Carey's assassination, an English exchange says;— " Tbe startling report of the assassination of James Carey was received with regret and satisfaction—with regret by those who thought that tbe secret societies i>f Ireland were crushed ; with satisfaction by those who thought that Carey, the iDspirer of mur derers, as much deserved death aa the others who perished on the scaffold. Carey added leachery to his other crimes. In fact, he had not one redeeming virtue. Great pains were taken by the authorities to lead his enemies off the scent. At one time it was reported that he was lost amid the multitu dinous population of London; at another time it was said he was in tbe United States; andjthen it was affirmed that he had not left Ejlmainliam. But a Nemises dogged his steps. His enemies were too numerous, too determined, and too implacable to permit him to escape; and, if the report be correct, ven geance has overtaken him at the moment when he probably thought bo was most se cure. And so has ended an agonising chapter of modern history. It may bow be said that the death of Lord Frederick Caven dish and Mr Burke was avenged by the death of five oftbeir .murderers on. tbe scaffold, and that the death of the murderers themselves is now avenged by the assassination of their ringleader and betrayer. Tbe other' infor mers may ^consider themselves fortunate if -they escape the penalty of their crimes." "Another attempt to SwikNiagara.— Another attempt is .to 'be made to swiro the Niagara Sapids by a man named Bebril, who was present at the attempt made by Captain Webb.. Bebril, who is .a professional swimmer, and known in the swimming world as " Marquis Bebril," proposes having a dummy Sgure constructed about his own weight and size, .and to cast the dummy into the. Rapids before making the attempt. By this means he hopes to ascertain the strength and tendency of "the whirlpool. Bebril has arrived in England, where the dummy is to be made; and, pending the completion, he will practise daily in the. Thames and the sea, swimming against the strongest tides. Presbyterian Sunday School, Wallaroo. —The anniversary services in connection with the above school were celebrated on Sanday and Monday last, and attracted the largest congregations that have as yet at tended these annual gatherings. On Sunday the pastor {Rev. J. A. Burns) preached j morning and evening, and Mr W. H. Wilkin son in the afternoon. Extra seats had to be provided at all three services, and notwith standing this a number had to go away both afternoon aud evening, not being able to secure even standing room. On Monday evening the public meeting took place, and the church was again full. The superinten dent (Mr Jas. Malcolm) occupied the chair, and there were also present the Revs. John Lloyd, T. Kyte and G-. Varley, and Messrs Davies and Phillips, superintendents of the Welsh and Wesleyan Sunday Schools. The Superintendent read the report, which expressed thankfulness to Almighty G-od for hig continued goodness towards the school. In referring to the removals by death of Miss Jackson, who was a most active teacher, and two scholars, Florence Hawkes and Tilly Skuce, the lines of one of our posts were quoted,— " It was not in cruelty or in wrath The Reaper came that day, It was an angel visited our fair earth And bore the flowers away." Thirty one members of the.school had joined the Church of Christ, five uniting with other denominations, ard twenty-six coutiuuing with the Presbyterian Church. The superin tendent explained that those joining other churches were attending those churches, although connected with the Presbyterian Sabbath School. Several of the scholars, who had been for some time under deep religious conviction, were led to decide for Christ at the Salvation Army meetings. It had been decided to build two class rooms. These will be commenced early next fear, ihe library is well used and it is intended to add considerably to it during this year. The roll of attendance at Wallaroo and the braach school at Cairn Sill was considered satisfactory. Wallaroo : officers and teachers. 12 male and 13 female, total 25, average 18; scholars—92 mala, 101 female ; total 193 ; average 156. Caira Hill: officers and teachers, 4; scholars—13 male and 17 female ; (otal 30 ; average 25. The Cairn Hill school, which is under the super intendence of Mr J. Walkley, is in a most satisfactory state. The Bible ClasBQs con ducted by the pastor (Rev. J. A. Burns) at Wallaroo, are well attended, and great atten tion and interest manifested. The Secretary' report showed receipts from all sources, £32 19s, and disbursements, £32 15s 6d, leaving a balance of 3s 6d. The Mission -Fuad showed receipts, including balance of £1 Os lid from last year, £6 18s 7d. The* Revs. Kyte, Varley, Lloyd and Burns, and Mr Phillips addressed the meeting, Mr Lloyd during his address, paid a high tribute to the late pastor, (Rev. W Davidson), as suring them that he felt the absence of one with whom he had met on the occasion of their anniversaries for so many years, A comprehensive vote of thanks brought the proceedings to a close. Before conluding we must compliment the superintendent, and the young ladies and other friends who assisted him in the decorations of the church, as also Miss Eempster, who trained the children to sing the hymns in a manner we have never heard surprised at any previous anniversary of the school. Miss Furner officiated as organist at all the services The usual treat will be held at the raoe-courae to-day. The Pbince of Waxes aud the Co Opeatife Society.—The membersofJBnglish co- operatiTe societies are delighted with the Prince ef- Wales at present; The Secretary of the Co-operative Wholesale Society sent His Koyal Highness a copy of the Society's "Annual," and in aknowledging it the Prince expressed his extreme gratification at the fact that so large abody of ISnglrshmen were united in a determination to benefit themselves both morally and physically. Ak Ubjexpected Meeting.—Prom New York comes a story which might well serve as the material for a melodrama, or at least for a senstional scene in one. It is as follows : — As the steamer Egypt made her slow and stately way into the harbor the other day, a tall well clad-gentleman stepped on her deck from the puffing tug which had gone down the bay to meet her. Scarcely had his polished boots come in contact with the deok when the assembled passengers ' were startled by a piercing shriek, and a lady fell heavily forward. It was the work of but an instant to lift her. Was she dead ? No ; it was merely a swoon. Wherefore this sudden collapse ? Her nostrils having been duly tickled with a feather, the lady recoyer«d and embraced the mysterious visitor. And then the quick display of strong emotion was ex plained. The visitor was her husband. He j had travelled witfe her from Liverpool; but when the vessel touched at Q.Ueenstown, he went ashore to make some purchases, and was left behind. While debating what he should do, the smoke spirals of the City of 'Rome darkened the horizon by Spike Island. She too, was going to America, and he took passage by her. The favouring billows bore her to her destination a few hours before the arrival of the Egypt, and te quietly left to meet his wife. The lady, fancying him thousands of miles away, took him for the ghost of her lord and master, and did what ladies always do in moments of crisis fainted. The Eabthqttake atIschia.—An English paper says :—" Nothing could have been more impressively eudden than tbe news which reached our colonies by cable of the terrible sacrifice of, human life which resulted from the earthquake at Ischia. At fiiet the loss of life was set down as one thousand, but subsequently the number -was increased foarhold. Being a summer resort of Naples, foreign TiaitorS naturally flock to it, and we are, therefore, sorry to reeord among the killed eer£ral of our countrymen and women. It is an old axiom that the fairest flowers fall the soonest. A writer to whom Naples is an open book says:—"AtIschia Nature is at her best, and Casamicciola is the sweetest oi resting places. Let the summer he as hot as summers in tbe Mediterranean often are, the breeze always blows oool among the Ieohian rineyards, 'and be must be sick indeed if the ' waters of Ghir^itello would not make iim whole again. Under a genial sky the «arth brings abundantly. The oak and the chestnut grow side by aide with the orange, pomegranate, fig, almond, lime, lentiseus, arbutus, myrtle, an^jmastioh. Labour, ib hardly needed, for 1^ric& volcanic soil has only to be scratchedljfith, a-Jto® to blossom with a harvest of co]|§ andijijrapes/and oil seed. A~ little itahing^a little tending of the grapea, --from' whicfi|?We squeezed as our country wine, a glance now and then at the luscious fruits thai wait to be piuoked, some donkey driving tip the steep mountain paths, and herding of goats and sheep in the vales, much dancing of the Tarantella, and a great deal of lazy good matured begging, provide the easy going Isohians with all that their simple wants demand." Sad that amidst a scene of so much beauty and repose, death should have entered with more than his ordinary terrors." Findikg of the Body op Captaijj Webb. —The last act has been completed in the tragedy of poor Captain Webb's sensational end,and the wild speculations that had been current in some quarters as to the possibility of his escape have been effectually set at rest by the fin ding '-of his body four miles below ' the fatal Bapids. No doubt (says an English-exchange)-the tremendous force of the Whirlpool, in which objects have sometimes been seen whirling round and round for days, had kept it near the spot. The body bore evidence of the fearful violence of the struggle which the unfortunate swim mer bad undergone. His bathing drawers were torn to fragments, and on the centre of the head waB a deep cut, which left the skull exposed for 3 inohes. This would seem to indicate that Webb had been dashed by the resistless force of the current against one of those jagged peaks of rock which he himself specified as amongst the greatest perils of Ihb journey. The other bruises on the body were but slight and unimportant, A jury waB immediately summoned, and an inquiry held in due form, at the olose of which a verdict of found drowned was returned. It appears that there was no wound sufficient to cause death save one, inches long in the cranium. This wound was made after death. None of the symptoms of death by drowning were revealed, and it was concluded that death resulted from the shock from tho force of the water in tho whirlpool rapids coming in contact with the submerged body with such force as instantly to destroy the respira-. tory power, and in-fact all vital action. The shock was of sufficient intensity to paralyse the nerve centres, partially dessicate the muscular tissues, and forestall death by drowning. Captain Webb's death has created all the greater sensation and regret from the fact that until theioit moment noone supposed that he would actually be rash enough to make the attempt. It-was believed, and with too much reason, as the event has proved, that it was impossible for any swimmer, however skilful or intrepid, to escape the double danger of the projecting rocks at the side and of the fatal Whirlpool in the centre. 