Inquiry Column. TO TUE EDITOR. Dear Sir,—Would you be so good as to give your opinion, through your excellent paper, on the following questions ? :— 1\. Do not the 8th, 9th, and 10th verses of the 23rd chop. Matthew, and the 20th verse of 1st chap, of 2 Peter directly interfere with customs of the Romish Church ? 2\. In Mark xiv. 25, what is the meaning of the word " new ?" 3\. Can you explain the 6th and 7th verses of 31st. Proverbs? If not written in the "Old Book," one would perhaps doubt the propriety of giving such advice. Of course, I do not raise this question out of a spirit of fault- finding, but merely to be prepared myself to argue in support of the teachings of the Holy Scriptures. I have, etc., etc., CUTTLE. 1\. Matthew xxiii. 8, 9, 10, according to Barnes, "forbids the Disciples of Jesus to seek or receive mere empty titles, producing distinctions amongst themselves, implying eminence and authority to control the opinions and conduct of others, and claiming that others should acknowledge them to be superior to them." In tliis sense the passage is fatal to the assumed authority of the Pope and the Romish clergy, and also the assumption of authority or lordship on the part of any one Christian over another. 2 Peter x. 20. This passage has been used by the Romish clergy as a reason for withholding the Word of God from the common people. The meaning of the passage has been much disputed. Taking it in connection with the context the sense appears to be, that the Scriptures were not originated by the prophets, but by the Holy Ghost, and, by parity of reasoning, can only be interpreted by the Holy Ghost. The right and duty of all men to search the Scriptures is abundantly taught elsewhere. 2\. The wine symbolized Christ's blood. His blood signifies redemption. The meaning of the passage appears to be, that in Heaven the triumphs of redemption will be celebrated by Christ and His people in a new manner, under new circumstances. The use of the word w" may also indicate, that the wine He was then using was new or uufermented, and, therefore, lion intoxicating. 3\. The meaning of Proverbs xxxi. 6, 7 we take to be that wine and strong drink may sometimes be given as a cordial or stimulant in cases of sickness and bodily prostration; also, that it may be given in moderation under certain circumstances to cheer and refresh the very poor. This passage cannot be used to support the drinking customs of the present day. At the best it only justifies the administration of wine to the dying and the abjectly poor.—ED. Any correspondence in connection with this Column should be addressed to tho Editor. 