DONAL GRANT/ BY QEOHGE MACDONALD. Author or Alrc Forbes, Malcolu, &e.;, &e.; Chapter XVIII. Ilo was not so lato as before tho 'next dav, and before lie had finished his breakfast had made up his mind thnt he must beware of tho carl. He wna satisfied that Buch could not ha tho consoquonces of ono glass of svine. If he asked him again ho would again go to dinner with him, but ho would lake no wino. Soiiool was joat over when Simmons came to him from his lordship, to inquire after him nnd ask him lo dine with him again that even ing. Donal immediately consented. This time Lady Aretura was not there. After, as dnring _ dinner, Donal declined to drink. His lordship cast on him a very keen and searching glance, but it was only a glaneo, and took no further notice of ids refusal After that, however, tho conversation, which had not been brilliant from the first, sank and sank till it was not ; and after a cup of coffee his lordship, remarking that he was not feeling so well as usual, begged Donal to cxcuso him and proceeded to retire. Donal roso, and express' ing a hope that his lordship would have a good night and feel bettor in the morning, left tho room. Tho passage outside was lighted only by a rather dim Inmp, nnd in tho distnnce Donal saw what he could but distinguish as the form of a woman standing by the door which opened upon tho great staircase. He supposed it at first to bo one of the maids ; but the servants were bo few compared with the size of the . castio that ono was seldom to be met ou any of tho stairs or iu any of the passages, and besidoB tho form was standing ns if waiting for somo ono I Drawing near ho saw it was I.ady Aretura, nnd would have passed liBr with an oboisance. But ere ho could lay his hand on tho lock, here was there to prevent him. ITo then saw that sho was agitated, aud that sho stopped liim thus bccauso her voice had at tho moment failed her. The next, however, sho recovered it, and with it lier self- possession. " Mr. Grant," sho said in a low voico, " I wish tospoak to you — if you will allow mo." " I am at your service, my lady," answered Donal. " But we cannot hero ! My-unclo " " Shall wo go into the picture-gallery sug- gestod Donal; "there is moonlight there." " No that is still too near my uncle. His hearing is sometimes preternaturally keen; and besides, as you know, ha often walks thcro after his evening meal. But — excuse mo, Mr. Grant — you will understand mo presently— are you — are you quite " " You mean, my lady, am I quite myself this evening !" said Donal, wishing to hoip her witli tho embarrassing question, nnd speaking in the tone sho had taken ; " I have drunk no wino to-night." With that silo opened tho door, and descended the Stair, lie following ; but as soon as the curvo of the staircase liid tho door she stopped, and turning to him said — " I would not havo you mistake mc, Mr, Grant. I should be ashamed to speak to you if " "Indeed I am very sorry," said Donal, " though hardly so much to blame as you think me." " Thcro ! you mistake me at ouce. You supposo I think you took too much wino last night I That would be absurd. I saw what you took well enough ! — But wo must not talk here. Come." She turned again, and went down the stair, and led tho way straight to tho housekeepers room. There tliey found hor darning a stocking. " Mrs, Brookes," said Lady Aretura, " I want to have a little talk with Mr. Grant, and I did not know where to take him ; there is no fire in tho library. May wo sit here ?' " By all moam ; pray sit down, my lady. .Why, child ! you look as cold as if you had been out on tho roof ! There ! sit close to the firo ; you are nil of a tremble 1" " Lady Aretura obeyed like the child Mis. Brookes called her, and sat down in the chair sho gavo up to hor. "I'vogot something to see' to.ini the still- room," said Airs. Brookes. '' Yon sit there and havo your talk. Sit down, Mr. Grant, I'm glad to see you nnd my lady came to word of mouth at last. I began to think you never would !" Had Donal boon in the way of looking at his fellow for the sake of interpreting his words, he would now have seen a shadow sweep o/er Lady Arctura'a face, followed by a flush, and would have attributed it to displeasure at the words of the housekeeper. But, with all his experience of the world within, and all his unusually devolopod power of entering into tho feelings of others, he had never come to pry into those feelings, or to study their pheuoinona for the sake of possessing himself of the knowledge of them. Man was by no uienns an open book to him — " no, nor woman neither." Ho would have scorned to hasten or supplement by investigation what a lady chose to revoal to him. So now he sat looking into tho fire, with an occasional upward glanco, waiting for what was to come, and saw neithor shadow nor flush. Lady Arotura nlso sat for some time gazing into tho Arc, and seemed in no haste t) begin. "You are so good to Davie!" Bho said St length, uuu stopped, " No bettor than I havo to bo," returned Donal, "'Not to bo good to Davie would be to bo a wretch." , " You know, Air. Grant, I cannot agreo with y«l" . . . . „ " There is no immediate occasion, my l®)'-,, ''But I suppose ono may be fair to another, sho said, as if doubting, " — and it is only fair to oonfess that ho is much moro manageable since you came. Only that is no good (f it does not come from a good souroe." " GrspeB do not come from thorns, my lady. That would bo to allow in evil a power ot working good." To this sue did not roply. " Ho minds everything I say to Minnow, sho resumed presently. "What is it that makes liim so good ? — I wish I had had sucu a tutor !" , , She Btopped again. She had spoken outo tho simplicity oi her thought, but tho wrd' looked as if they ought not to havo been " What can havo passed in her ?" thought Donah " She is so different ! Her very vol" is so different I" , , "But that is not what I wanted to spesa you about, Mr. Grant," Bho resumed, thougn I did want you to know I was aware otlt» improvement in Davie. I wanted to say so® thing about my uncle." . Here followed another pause— cmbarras S to tho reticent lady — not at all to thepronu Dona!, who sat waiting in perfect quiescence. "You may have remarked," she length, « that, though wo live together, anare is the head of the houso as my guardian t ia not much communication. hetweoa us. . ' « I bavo gathered as much, I cannot tell . Davio not to talk to mo," «"Qf courso not. Lord Morvon is a very atrango. man. I cannot pretend to understand frim, and I do not. want either to judgo him or to sot.him out, to the judgment of another. I can only apeak of a certain fact, concerning ' yourself which I do not feel at liberty to keep from, you." : Once more a pause followed. Though per fectly ladylike,, there was nothing now of the ' grnndjBuporlor about Lady Arotura. There was < plain evidence of the sweet girl naturo in her. She was. perplexed — not ns to her duty, but as to the heat way of doing it "Has nothing occurred to yourself':" bIio said nt length, abruptly. " Have you not bus-' peotod Jiim.of trying experiments upon you :" "I bavo hnd a very vague undefined ghost . of a suspicion that pointed in that direction," answered. Donnl. " I suppose he is n dabbler in physiology, aud he has a notion in his head he want3 to verify ! Tell rae what you please about it." "I should nevqr liavo known anytliing about it, though, my room being near his, I . should have bcen.moro perplexed about some things; had he not, I do most entirely believe, made a similar experiment with myselfn year ago," " Is: it possible !" "It may be all a fnncy--I don't, mean about what ho did, of that I am sure— but I do sometimes fancy I havo never been so. well since. It was a great shock to mo when I came, to myself — you see I am trusting you, Mr. Grant 1 You will rcmombor I dared not. have done so lind I not believed yon would be . at least as discreet ns myself in the matter ! I \- believe tho chief causa of the state of his health is that, for years past, ho has been in tho habit of taking some hocriblo drug for tho sake of its mental effects. You know there aro people who do so. What the drug is I dont't know, and I would rather not know. It seems to me just as bad as taking too much wine. He prides himself on his temperance in that respcot. Bathe says nothing of the Other thing. I have even heard him, in con- . vcrsation with Mr, Cnrmichael, make the re- \- mark that taking opium is worse than getting drunk, for opium destroys moral sense much , more than whisky or anything of that kind. I : don't say. my unclo takes opinm. I have heard there are other things, even worse, that peoplo take." "And ho dared to give it to you— whatever it was.!" said Douni, with indignation. "I am sure he gave mo something. For \- once that I dined with him— bat I cannot de scribe to you tho straugo effect what ho gnve me had upon me. I think .ho wanted to watch the effect of it on one who knew no thing of what she had taken. They Bay tho , effect of such things is a pleasant one upon most peoplo, at least until tuey have indulged in it for some time, but for my part I found it very different. I would uot go through such agonies again for the world !" She ceased. Donal saw that sho was strug gling with a painful remembrance. Ho hastened to speak. "Thank yon heartily, my lady, for your \- warning. It was because of such a suspicion that this evening I did not even taste wine. . If I have not taken any of the drug in some thing olse, I am Bafe from the insanity — I ann call it nothing else — that has possessed me . the last two nights." "Was it very dreadful?' asked Lady Arctura, with concern. " On the contrary, it gavo me a feeling of \- inflate faculty such as I could never have con- Ccivod of." " Oh, Mr. Grant ! do take care. Do not bo tompted to take it again. I don't know what ' it might not have led mo to do if I had fonnd . it pleasant; for I am sorely tried with painful thoughts : I feel sometimes I would do almost anything to get rid of them." " There must be a good way of getting rid of them. Think it of God's mercy," said Donal, " that you oannot get rid of them so." "I do; Idol" " Tho shield of his presence was over yon then." "How glad I should be to think so ! But wo have no right to think so till we believe in. Christ — and— it is a terrible thing to say — I don't know that I believe." " Whoever tanght you that will have to answer for teaching a terrible lie," said Donal. " Did not Ohrist do all ho could to eavo tho world ; and will anyone dare to say that God, whoso visible presence Christ was, is not doing all ho can, with all the power of a maker over the oreature he has made, to help and deliver them?' " I know He makes His sun to shine and His rain to fall upon the good and the bad ; but that is only of this world's good things !" "Do you mean — aro you ablo to worship a God who wjll give you all tho little things Ho does not care much about, but will not do His best for you — will not give you help to do tho thing Ho want3 you to do, but wbioh you do not know bow to do ?" "But. there ore things Ho cannot do till wo beliove in Christ?" " That is very true. But that doe3 not say that God docs not do ail that can be dono for even the worst of men to help Him to be liove I He finds it very bard to teach us, but he is never tired of trying. Anyono who is willing to- bo taught of God will be taught, and thoroughly tanght, by Him. Peoplo toll such terrible lies about God, judging him by their own foolish selves !" "I am. afraid I am doing wrong in listening tp.yuu, Mr. Grant. I do wish what you say mighty be true, but aro you not in danger — you will pardon mo for saying it — of presump tion; how could all tho good people bo wrong?" " Because tho greater part of tho teachors among them, have always set thorasolves moro to explain God than to obey him. Tho gospel is given not to redeem our understandings, but our hearts.; that dono, and only then, our un derstandings will bo froo. Our Lord said ho i li»4 many things to tell his disciples, but thoy wero not ablo to hear thorn, If the things be . true whiph I have heard from Sunday to Sun- Joy church sinco I came hero, then I say, the Lord brought us no salvation at nil, but ; Only a change of shape to our miseries. It lias not redeemed you, Lady Arctura, and never : Will. Nothing but Christ himself for your , very own teaohor and friend and brothor, not nil the dootrinos about him, ovon if every ouo of them wero true, can savo you. When wo, poor orphan children, oannot find our God, they would- have ns to take instead a some thing that is not God, at all — but a vory bad caricature of bim F' "But how should wicked men know that such is not the trno God ?' "If n man deairos. God, ho cannot holp knowing onough of him to bo capable of learn ing moro. His idoa of him cannot bo all wrong. But that does not make him fit to teach othors all about him — only to go on to learn for himself. But Jesus Christ is tho very God I want, I want a father like him, liko tho father of him who came ns our big bro tiler to take us home, No other than tho God exactly liko Christ can be the truo Godl Cast away from you that doctrino of devils, that Jesus died to 8a ve us from our father. There is uo safety, no good of any kind but with tho father, his father nnd our father, his God and our God." "But you must allow that God hates and punishes sin — and that is a terrible thing." "It would be ten times more terrible if ho did not hate and punish it. Do you think J eaus camo to deliver ns from the punishmont of our sins ? Ho would not have moved a stop for that. The terrible thing is to be bad, and all punishment is to help to deliver us from it„nor will it cease till we havo given up being bad. God will hove us good ; and J esns works out tbe will of his father. Where is the refuge of the child who fears his father ? —Whore is that, my iady ? In the furthost corner of tho room ? Down in the dungeon of the castle ?" " No, no I" cried Lady Arctura ; " in his father's- arms !" . . "There 1" said Donal,- and -was. silent. " I hold by Jesus t" ho added after a pause, and rose as lie said it,, but stood where he rose. Lady Arctura sdt motionless, divided between tho rpverenco she felt for distorted and false forms of 'truth taught her from her earliest years, and her dosire after a God whose vory being is tho bliss of his creatures. Some time passed in Bilonco, and then she too rose to depart. She held out hoc hand to him with a kind of irresolute motion, then Buddonly smiled and said, "I wish I might oak yqu something. I know it is a rnde question, but if you could see all you would answer me, and lot the offenoo go." " I will answer you anything you choose to ask." "That makes it the more difficult, but I viill aslc it ; I cannot bear to remain longer in doubt ; did you really write that poem you gave to Kate Graeme — compose it, I mean, your own self ?" " I made no secret of the authorship when I gave it her," said Donal, not perceiving her drift. " Then you did really write it ?" Donal looked at her in perplexity. Her face grew vory red, and the tears began to come in her eyes. " Yon must pardon me," she said, " I am so ignorant. And we live in such nn out-of-the way place, that — that it seems so unlikely a real poet — ! And then I have been told thero aro people who have a passion for appearing to do tho thing they aro not able to do ! and, I j was anxious to be Bure ! And my mind kept i brooding over it. and longing so to be sure i — I so I resolved at lost that I would, even at the ! risk of offending you, be rid of tho doubt. I know I have been rude — nnpardonably rude, but——" " But," supplemented Donal, with a most sympathetic smile, for he understood her as his own thought, " yon do not feol quite euro yet. Why, what A priori reason can there bo why I should not bo able to write verses ? Is it bccauso I happen to be in what you call an out-of-the-way place ? There is no rule as to where pootry grows. Ono place is as good as another for that." " I hopo you will forgive me ! I hope I havo not offonded yon very much !" " Nobody in such a world as this ought to be offended at being asked for proof. Granted thero are in it rogues that look liko honest men, how is-any ono, without a spocial gift of insight, to be Bare of tho honest man ? Evon the men, wnom women love best sometimes prove tho falsest, and tear their hoarts to pieces 1 I will give yon oil tho proof you cnu desire. And lost you should think I made up the proof itself botween now and to-morrow, morning " " Oil, Mr. Grant, sparo me. I am not, in- deed I am not so bad ns that !" " Who can toll wheu or where tho doubt may wake again, or what may wako it ?" said Donal. " At least lot me explain a little before yon go," she said. " Cortainly," ho answered, reseating himself, in compliance with her example. " Miss Graeme told me tlwt yon had never seen a garden liko that before." " I certainly novcr did. There aro none such, I fancy, in our part of tho country." " Nor in our neighborhood either." " Then what is there surprising in that ?" " Nothing in that. But is there not some thing surprising in your being able to write a poem liko that abont such a garden, as if you had boen from childhood familiar with tho look of it, and so had grown able to entor into the vory spirit and heart of tho placo ?" " Perhaps if I hnd been familiar with tho kind of thing from childhood, it might havo just disabled mo from seeing tho spirit of it. The only two things necessary are — first, that thero should be a spirit in the place, and next that the place should bo beheld by ono whQ lias a spirit capable of giving honse-room t-o the spirit of tho place. Does it seem to you that tho ghost lady fools tho place all right ?" " I do not quite know what you mean ; but I scorned to feel the gross with hor feet as I road, and tho wind lifting my hair. It seems to me so natural 1" " Now tell me were you ovor a ghost ?" " No." " Did you over see a ghost ?" " No, novor." " Then how do you know that all that is natural?" " I seo ! I cannot answer you." Donal rose. "I am indeed nshamed of, giving you so much tronblo," said Lady Arotura. "Ashamed of giving mo tho chance of prov ing myself a truo man ?' "It is no longer necessary." "But I want my revenge. As a punish ment for doubting ono whom yon had so littio ground for believing, you Bhall be compelled to soo tlio proof— that is, if you will do mo tho favor to ivait hero till I come back. I shall not bo long, but it is somo Bmall distance from hero to tho top of tlio north towor. I"Davio told mo it was there they had put you ; do you liko it ? Do you not find it very cold ? It must bo terribly lonely I Do you over hoar anything? I wonder who it was that hnd you put there l" She spoke hurriedly, and without waiting between any of tho questions sho put for .an answer. Donal assured her tho could not havo had n place moro to his mind, and left her to go and fetch his proofs. Before ho could well think lie had reached the foot of his stair, ho was back with a bundlo of papers in liia hand, which lie laid bofore her on tho table. "There !" he said, "if you will take the tronblo to go over these, you will soo — hardly tho poem as yon may havo read it, but tho C recess of its growth. First you will find it looked out rather roughly. Then you will soo it copied out— clean at first, bat afterwards scored and scored. Above yon will soo the words I clioae instead of the first, and after wards again rejected, . till at last I reached those I havo as yet lot stand as Miss Graemo has them, I do not believe sho doubts the versos being mine, for I am sure she thinks thorn great rubbish. I hopo you don't — from your having taken such pain3 to know who wrote them." 8he thought ho was satirical, from offence that she had doubted him ; he saw her bite her lips, and heard a slight sigh as of pain. It went to his heart. " I did not mean any reflection, believe me, Lady Arctnra, on your dosiro for satisfaction," ho said ; " it'rathor flatters me than Other wise. But is it not strange the heart should be lo33 ready to beliovo anything that Beem3 worth behoving? It scorns always easier to doubt i Something must bo true; why not tho worthy rather oftonor ? Why should it bo easier to believe hard things of God, for in stance, than lovoly things ! — or that one man should have copied from another than that he Bhould have done a tiling himsolf? Even now, some, set on not believing, would say that I contrived ail. this appearance of compo sition in order to lay tho more certain claim to that whioh was not my own 1 and to that I should have no answer, for tho kind of man who says that would hardly take the pains to follow the construction throngh all its stages. But it will not be a hard work for you, nor, I venture to believo, a bad exercise in logic and . analysis, to examine whether or not the genuino, growth of the poem be before you in those papers." " I shall find it most interesting," said Lady Arctura ; " so much I can Bee already. I never saw anything of the kind before, and had no idoa how verses were made. Do all verncs take as much labor as is evident hero ?" " Some take muoh moro ; some none at all. The labor is in getting the husks of ex pression cleared off tho thought, so that it may show for what it is, A man's whole life may have just ripened liiin boforo he begins to dio to tho generation or rather birth of one vital thought ; if ho bo a thorough workman in words, none of that lifo labor will appear in his utterance of the thought — savo indeed wo ehouid say it is transformed into power mani fested in easo. Yea ; nor will the labor to say I clearly with half fitting words and poor images, | the thing to him clear as daylight, that' labor even will notshow; it is a labor that obliterates itself." At this point Mrs. Brookes, thinking the young people had had time enough for their conference, returned, and the threo sat a while and had a little talk. Then Lady Arotura kissed tho housekcopor, and bade lier good night ; and Donal presently retired to his aerial chamber, with quito another idea of the lady of tho honse than he had gathered from tho littio ho had seen of her before ; either she had changed, or ho had misunderstood her ; changed presentment she certainly had 1 From that time, whother it was that Lady Arctura had previously avoided meeting him, and now did not, or from other causes, Donal and she mot much oftener about tho place ; and now they never passed without ' a mutual smiio and greeting. I Tho next day but ono she brought him back I his papers to the schoolroom, and told him she had read every erasure and correction, and could no longer have a doubt, evon had she not now pericct confidence in himself, that the man who had written those papers must bo tho maker of tho versos. Donal saw in this a' yielding of the prejudices implanted in her by tbe clergyman nnd ids polemic daughter. "They would probably fail to convince a jury, howovor," ho said, ns ho roso and went to throw them in tho fire. Divining bis intent, she darted after liirn, and canght them from his hand just in time. " Let mo keep them," she said, " for my hu miliation." "Do with thorn what yonr lndyship.pleases," said Donal. " They are of no value to me — savo indcod as I see you caro for them." 