ITEMS 'Or 'ENT1REST. 'The Royral Colonial Instittte offers our prizes, 'to be 'competed for byi tudents at schools and :olleges, for the tcst essays on Attstralasia. The names of 50;000 membdr and: - Idherents of the Free Church of I icotland hdave 'been 'placed upotn a tetition, 'hasking the Generhl Asseinbly f thetChuirch to Withhold all sanction o the introduction of 'instrumentdal nusic into the worship of ,praise. At a Salvhtidn Armay b'irea?'kfat te ently 'in London. 'General go6th: tated that he had 45 paid hand mas- I ers and 250 bahtd. Within the last line months he had spent tzpwdrd? of' "9 000 on'instrhtnents. In reference to the tefegram 'frdm femora, conve3ing intelhiemice that' he skeletof of a 'man had been disco erecd iby AMr J T Kets.ry, "?Ipricten.] lent of WydlOng station, near Birmel,. nan, in a ddise scriub near the Ottadary St the rutn. the ' p/rp'cet Record writes ::- ' n these be the "emains of the long lost Mt D:ItthOn. ormerly P.M:, -t Forbes I' H'e left ,ere three bears ago I!ekt N'iiveifiber. aith the intention of gding to Bharmed nan. He was seen uZ Murrihnbtirrali, ao great distani:e from 'Rarraednarr, 'and rom there all tra;es 'of him have been' ost. The attentidio of the Colonial 3ecrdta'ay Wirs dikrcted to tlet telegram, Ond the 'faits abbie 'itated bIy ivire." In the Londdn Probate Cdort, 'a Farmer's daiughlter iu Northampton shire has just established ;he claim 'to a sum of over £t,000, which has been accumulating 'without a claimant fOr 127 yeats.' The'cascinvolved claitis to the estate of William Sheppaid, a London goldsmith, who died intestate in the year 1741, possessed of 100 shares in the West New Jereoy Sdciety. At the date of the death of the icitess tate the society's shares ivere considered quite worthless, b'at in 1'856 a seit involving its 'dissolntio'n 'as instituted in Chancery, the result of which ivan that in 186? iti 'he division 'of the society's assets among its sharelholde-rs numerous shares, including the 10 belonging to the intestate, Ft 'respect of which dividends 'of £t ,'Os each were payable, remained unclaimed till now. nFor four generations there has beetn a mystery at Glamis Catle-, 'whbcx no one has evei been able to fathom (writes an English pape?.) Sonit said it wae a ghost, othe's a rnysteriosty hidden treasure; buWt i'dmourt of a mor6 or less iiucanny rtatfre floated round the country, 'and have done so for about .53 yearas Fou'r Eatls of ctrathtiore' havs seated 'themselv'es iis ancestral'state at Westmi'nster, and yet all the while the Y-eal Earl, the eldest of th'e fainily was alive, hidden in the viast old feudal palace it Glamis. He died only last year, aged '2 years, and he Was a monster. He stood eight feet in heighlt. His head and the tipper pats of his body'l re+nibled that Of a teod. His skin was marked with black and wihi'te splotclihes and his hands we'r wbbed. He could not speak or heiar, but his eyes Were bright but wild. H6 nIeter shoered signis o'f reason,' add in order to avoid legal diffliculties asid painftl revelastons, this horror was hidden iii a building erected on purpose. His gaolers were paid handsom , annuities t6 keep silent.. As each earl succeeded to the estate he was taken to see this terrtfic creatdre? and it is said that one 61 these eentle men almost lost his reason in behold. ing the Idathsorre arid Oigafitic h6rror. last year the poor w'retCh died,: hnd his secret has come otti owing to diffi culties concerning the dispoeal oTf his renmai.,. 'The most exth'aeor'linary part or it all is that the whereabouts o1 the monster 'Earl ewas kept so crideitfily quieti and ,also that lith li'ed to such i t advSuii:e1 agd. "Glami' C?ustle is the one rtetrred, to in Ma'ebeth; 