English Plum Padding. IT was about the stormiest voyage I ever see. We left the Hook on November 5,18139, in a regular blow, and struck worse weather off the Banks, and it grew dirtier every mile we made. The old man was kind of gruff and anxious like, and wasn't easy to manage. This ain't no Christmas story and ain't got no moral to it. I was second mate and knowed the captain prettyvwell, but he wasn't sociable, and the nearer we got to the land, according to our dead reckoning (for we hadn't been able to take an observation) the more cross- grained he got. 1 was eating my supper on the 24th, when the steward he comes in, and says he, " Captain, plum pudding, to-morrow as usual sir ?'' It wouldn't be polite in me to give what that captain replied, but the steward, he didn't mind. All that night and next day, the 25th of December, it was a howling storm, and the captain he kept the deck. About 3 o'clock Christinas day dinner was ready, and a precious hard time it was to get that dinner from the galley to the cabin on account of the, green seas that swept over the ship. The old man, after a bit, came down, and says he: " Where's the puddin' ? " The steward he come in just then as pale as a ghost, and says he, showing an empty dish: " Washed overboard, sir." It ain't again necessary to repeat what that there captain said. Kind of how it looked as if the old man had wanted to give him self some heart with the pudding, and now there wasn't none. I disremember whether it wasn't a passenger as said " that, providing we only reached port safe, in such a gale puddings was of no conse quence." I guess the old man most bit his head off for interfering with the ship's regulations. Just then the cook he came into the cabin door with a dish in his hand a saying, " There is another pudding. I halved 'em/' and he sot a good- sized pudding on the table. Then the old man kind- of unbent and went for that pudding and cut it in big hunks, help ing the passenger last . with a kind of triumphant look. He hadn't swallowed more than a single bit when the first mate he come running down, and says he, " Lizard Light on the starboard bow and weather lightening up." " How does she head ? " " East by north." " Then give her full three points more northerly, sir, and the Lord be praised" And the captain, he swallowed his pudding in three gulps, and was on deck, just saying, " I knowed the pudding would fetch it and he left us. We was in Liver pool three days after that, though a ship that had started the day before us from New Tork was never heard of. This here is the receipt for that there pud ding : Take six ounce of suet, mind you skin it, and cut it up fine. Just you use the same quantity of raisins, taking out the stones, and the same of cur rants j always wash your currants, and dry them in a cloth. Have a stale loaf of bread, and crumbled, siy three ounces of it. Tou will want about the same of sifted flour. Break three eggs, yolks and all, but don't beat them much. Have a teaspoonful of ground cinnamon and grate half a nutmeg. Don't forget a teaspoonful of salt. You will require with all this a half pint of milk-we kept a cow on board of ship in those days-say to that four ounces of white sugar. In old days angelica root candied was used ,* if s gone out of fashion now. Put that in if you have it-not a big piece, and slice it thin. Tou can't do well without half an ounce of candied citron. Now mix all this up together, adding the Tni)ir last, in which you put half a glass of brandy. Take a piece of linen, big enough to double over; put it in boiling water, squeeze out all the water and flour it; turn out your mixture into the cloth, and tie it up tight $ good cooks sew up their pudding bags. It can't be squeezed too much, for a loosely-tied pudding is a soggy thing, because it won't cook dry Put in fire quarts of boiling water, and let it boil six hours steady, covering it up. Watch it, and if the watex* gives out, add more boiling water. This here is a real English plum pudding, with no non sense about it. ' + I copy this, without comments, from a religious paper, published somewhere about the 148th meredian. " A young, and apparently beautiful young lady, from Victoria, got married last week." As is customary upon such occasions, her lately ac quired spouse shared with her the peaceful slumbers which the happy climax of a courtship is said to pro duce. Somehow the bride was uneasy. There was a something which would first tickle her shapely feet and then in a flash would gently glide over her left ear. The girl was unsophisticated to an alarm ing extent for a " Banana woman/' and fondly im agined that it was part of the programme. Several tunes when her lord and master was snoring with all the fervor of a well wined-up bridegroom, she made a sly grab at the ubiquitous tickler, but caught on to nothing. At last in sheer despair she rolled over with a jump and went to sleep. In the morning, when she got out of bed to peep in the glass and see how she looked as a wife, what was her horror to discover that she had rolled over on, and smothered, a horrid mouse. It was wrong, very wrong, for her female confidants to tell the story, but they did. Any respectable person of either sex who doubts the truth of the above, can examine the defunct mouse by calling at this office. Liberal allowance made to schools. 