A RELIGIOUS OARD.PLAYER. A privato soldier by the name of Rich ard Leo was taken before the magistrates for playing cards during Divine service. The sergeant cemmandod the soldiers at the churchl and, when the paraso had read the prayers, he took the text. Those who had Bibles took them out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor Common Prayir Book, and, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before him. He first looked at one card and then at another; The sergeant of the company saw himn and said "Richard, pet.up the cords ; this is no place for them." " Never mind that." When the services were over, the coni stable took Richard a prisoner and brought him before the Mator. " Well," said the Mayor, " what have you brought the soldier hers for ? " "For playing cards in the church."' " VWell, soldier, what have you to say for yourself I " "Much, sir, I hope." " Very good ; if not, I will punish you severely." "I have been," said the soldier, "about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor Commoi Prayer Book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and I hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intentions." Then spreading the cards boefore the Mayor he began with tlhe ace i-" When I see the ace, it reminds me that there is but one God. When I see the deuce, it reminds me of the Father and Son. Whn Iseeo the tray, it reminds meo of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four, it reminds me of the four Evangelists that preaclhed-Ilatthlvw, lMark, Luke, and John. When [ nee the live, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. Thoer were ten, but five were wise, and five were foolish and were shut out. Whlien I see the six, it reminds me that in six.days the Lord made heaven and .earth. When I see the seven, it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested fromn the great work lce had made, and hallowed it. When I see the eight, it reminds me of the eight righteoas persons that wore saved when God-destroyed the world, viz., Noah and his wife, his three sons and their wives. -When I see the nine, it reminds me of the nine :lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of the ten that never returned thanks. When I see tlhe ten, it reminds me of the. ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the tables of stone. When I sea the king, it reminds me of the great Kin, of [leaven, which is God Almighty. When I see the queen, it re minds me of the Qoueen of Shoba, wiho visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to toell which were boyd and which were girls.' The king sent for water for them to wash. Tihe girls washed to thle elbows, the boys to. the wrists; so King Solomon told by that." " Well," said the Mayor, "'you have described every card in the pack except one." " What s that 1" "'Th Klnave;" said the Mayor. "I will give your honour a description of that, too, if you will not be angry." "I will hot," said tshe Mayor, "if you do not term me to be the knave." "Tihe greatest knaveo I.know of is the constable that brought me hero." "I do not know," said the Mayor, " if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool." " When I count how many spiots there are in a pack of cards, I find. three hun dred and sixty-fivo, as many days as there are in a year. 'When I count the number of cards in a pack, I find fifty-two, the number of weeks in a year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, repro. senting the number of months in a year; and on counting the tricks I find thirtoen, the number of weeks in a quarter. So, you see, a pack of cards serves for a Bible, an almanao, and a Common Prayer Book." Then the Mayor let him go. 