Mr. Douglas on the Transcontinental Railway. ADDRESS AT MARYBOROUGH. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.] Maryborough, February 6. THE Hon. J. Douglas, who has been paying us a visit, delivered a lecture in the Town Hall last evening on the subject of "The Transcontinental Railway and the "Future Railway Policy for the Colony. Although given upon short notice there were between 500 and 600 persons present and the address was listened to with great attention. The mayor presided. Mr. Douglas, who was well received, said when he had undertaken to say something on this subject, a subject that was considered of the greatest importance by everyone in the country, he had felt sure that they would be prepared to hear his views, because he was not now, or likely to be, connected with any political party in the country. He was here to speak from his heart, irrespective of any feel ing of friends of his own, on the subject. The condition of this country was that of a pro gressive community. He was aware that some people thought that it was as bad to go too much ahead as to be behind, but he knew that he could congratulate this community upon the possession of a desire to be fully abreast of the times. In the discussion of this great question there was considerable difference of opinion; he was prepared to deal with it in a spirit of honest rivalry only. There was a matter in connection with the past railway policy of the country that he first desired to refer to. He had observed that Mr. Macrossan had made a statement a few days ago at Townsville which he must say had both startled and amused him. The Minister for Works, in his address in that town, had claimed that whilst the present Government had opened 406 miles of railways, and had now an additional 250 miles in progress, the previous Administration had only constructed some 180 miles. That for every mile opened by his predecessors he had opened 2£ miles. This statement was no doubt literally correct, and upon the literalness of the computation Mr. Macrossan sought to crow over his predecessors. The impression that would be produced in the country from this statement was, that Mr. Macrossan had initiated, carried out, and completed this large length of railways, and indeed the Minister for "Works claimed, on the strength of his figures, a larger liberality for his party than that shown by the party with which he (Mr. Douglas)nad been connected. He objected to this. What were the real facts? This com munity knew how hard they had worked together to obtain Parliamentary sanction for their portion of these constructions. He was glad to know that during the regime of the present Administration these 466 miles had been opened; that in 1879, 79 miles; in 1880, 130 miles; in 1881, 166 miles and in 1882, 95 miles; in all, a total of 466 miles of railway, were made available for the public ; but it was a fact that, with but very trivial exceptions, these railways were con ceived by the party with which he had been connected. He felt sore, he must confess, at Mr. Macrossan's statement. He by no means grudged that gentleman's share in the carrying out of this great work, yet he claimed on behalf of himself, and those with whom he had been connected, the initiation of these rail ways. He made this correction with no desire to derogate from Mr. Macrossan's in many respects efficient railway constructions. A few words might also be said on the present condi tion of our railways ; and in viewing this he looked back with satisfaction to the time when, as representative of Maryborough four years ago, he had predicted the policy which Mr. M'llwraith had since carried out. The Premier's action in borrowing money and in transferring the railway reserve fund had been predicted by him four years ago. He did not join those who condemned Mr. M'llwraith for his action with respect to the reserve funds. On the whole that was necessary; he freely admitted it was the beat thing to do. The creation of that fund was intended to meet the circumstances of the time. .It was imperative to adopt that policy, so as to meet the views of the Liberal party, and as a system of temporary application it was amply justified. He would now look at our anticipations as to the future. There was the fact that we had a wide and scattered country, very sparsely populated. In proportion to our numbers, we had done much in railway construction, but we might do more than ever yet had been done, There were the actual obligations for a system of coast railways; claims were pressed upon us, indicating what our need would be for the next four or five years. So large was the work in connection with these coastal lines that the scheme of the Transcontinental must be viewed independent of the coast system. The people of this district expected an extension of their railway; it was now conceded that the men who projected the Mary borough and Gympic line wore wise in their generation. Last session funds were nrovided for extension. Demands also came from the Burnett, from Mackay, Bowen, and Port Douglas, and other districts—these lines must be undertaken. It was clear that all moneys borrowed on credit must be devoted to the coastal system. The land grant system could not be applied on the coast, as the land was too valuable. It should be our policy to go on with these lines, in proportion aa money can be obtained. Was it not justifiable to expect that from four to five millions would be required to meet the claims on the coast? Thero was a little scare just now as to borrow ing, but really tho credit of the country was as good now as ever it was. We must therefore be prepared to anticipate the carrying out of a large extent of coast lines on borrowed capital, and everything being fair this would be done. One could understand some conditions occurring, such as an abnormal labour cost, which might hinder; still, we might fairly anticipate the carrying out of this policy, and any party that might be in power would have to face these undertakings. But now the question arises,—ls it desirable to rest satisfied with that? He thought not. Possibly he was in advance of the times, but if we could build railways without going to the Stock Exchange, why not? Some of his old friends, he observed, were saying, "We have done so well, let us keep on the old lines." Had these people duly considered the extent of our territory—had they an adequate con ception of the enormous territory that we possess? Our coast-line alone being able to support millions of people. Surely we ought to be gaining information of the extent of our country. The schoolmasters were teaching this: that we had an area of land twelve times the size of England and Wales, or six times larger than the United King dom of Great Britain. This was all more or less good land; it was now proved to be the finest grazing country in the world. Why not utilise it? It could not be done by the present means of communication. This necessity of making our grand interior avail able for settlement was acknowledged by all parties in the construction of three lateral lines; but the question arose, were these lines to go farther West, or were we to entertain the idea of a great Transcontinental trunk line ? The thought was not new by any means. It had long been talked about, since the days of Collier and Co., and it was certainly the ambi tion of our leading statesmen to carry it out. Nature clearly indicated this great line as the desideratum of the country. Coming now to the agreement made by the Government on behalf of the country, this fact must be ad mitted, that by common consent the direction of the line was a good one. It would be a back bone line. It was marked out in the centre of a great pastoral country, and through country in which few engineering difficulties were pre sented. It was our great ambition to possess an intercolonial trunk line, and, whilst there might be differences of opinion as to the manner of its construction, both parties were agreed, after all the talking and writing on the subject, that the direction chosen would meet all requirements. Well, then, are we not read* to enter upon thto great undertaking? This big country of ours ought to give us big ideas. It was big enough to make big men of the whole of us. The fact that hundreds of thousands of new colonists might be planted in our interior ought to nerve us to a due consciousness of the re sponsibility resting upon us. and arm the people of this country with a determined reso lution to give effect to this grand policy. He must confess he hod watched closely the negotiations that had been going on during the past two years. They knew that he was a land graiA advocate; for the hist twelve years he had been convinced that by this method alone would the vast interior of this country be opened up. He was sorry to see that his old friends with whom he had been acting could not sec an he did. If they had been fortified as he had been during his visit to America with a sense of the great advantages of the land grant system, they would see differently. He was sorry they had such small notions, yet perhaps they ought not to be blamed, as they had not had an opportunity of practical acquaintance with the American system. Look at what had been done in the American States 1 There they had a territory intersected by 100,000 miles of railway. There wore more miles of lines in the United States than in the whole of the rest of the world. This great result had been chiefly brought about by the land grant system. Take the figures presented of the liberality of that Government in dona ting land for works of national importance. We find that for railways 198,000,001' of acres had been alienated, in addition to which there were 60.000,000 for common schools, 10,000,000 for universities and grammar schools, and 4,500,000 for canals. In all, 272,300,000 acres of land were parted with from the national estate for the purpose of providing for great public works. He did not pretend to say there had been no jobbery in connection with this system. It was only natural to expect this. The pre sence of evil in the world made escape from jobbery impossible. It was certain that some cases of jobbery had transpired, yet, on the whole, a great good had been effected. It must be admitted that the American people were no novices. They were the most ener getic people on the face of the earth; and it was not to be supposed that these people allowed themselves to be fooled into making grants, unless they were well satisfied that Si so doing they were advancing the in terests of the country. We must not be scared by these ghost stories. Jobbery was unavoid able. Was there not now jobbery in our system of alienating our Crown lands ? Indeed he might venture to say there was nothing in America equal to the evils of dummying which had been carried out in Australia. These things would exist whilst the evil principle remained in men. We did our best to prevent them, as every good man tried to check the evil within him. Were we to stop our progress because of the evil devices of men ? We were quite competent as to provide against these evils as we were to provide against the evils, for in stance, of the South Sea Island labour traffic. That traffic had to be watched carefully, but they were not deterred from pursuing the traffic because ovils existed. Coming now to the area of the blocks which the provisional agreement proposed to give in exchange for this railway, he did not consider them extravagant. They must look at the immense advantages the line would confer, the great undertaking of the syndicate, and the vast area of the colony. The bargain, he considered, was infinitely more advantageous than some lately mode with the Canadian Government. They were all aware that tho Warrego Bill had not been carried out. He confessed he was not surpriscdat this, though he should have liked to sec it adopted as a commencement. Probably the Transcontinental scheme would not be carried by the present Parliament, yet so great were the advantages that this would not deter them from pressing its consideration upon the country. Mr. Macrossan had said that the terms of the Transcontinental line were not so favourable as the Warrego proposed arrangement. He differed from him. His view was this—the Warrego syndicate by their offer showed a desire to get the railway off their hands as aoon as possible ; that waa an undesirable ex pectation. The Transcontinental syndicate, on the other hand, were shewing their bona jide intention to hold the railway and make the best out of it they could. He differed from Mr. Griffith, who lamented that the railway would not belong to us after it was constructed. That would be a positive advantage. The country should not want to possess it, because for many years it could not be expected to pay itself. With the exception of sorao two or three little lines, our railways were, none of them, paying interest on their cost. The country sought that profit which was derived from opening up new territory and stimulating new industries. He rejoiced in the prospect of the time coming when rail ways would be built by private enterprise. When that time arrived there would be an expansion of construction hitherto unknown. It was true there were certain disadvantages connected with the agreement. We had to anticipate the possibility of buying back the line; still he thought we were perfectly safe, and, besides, in view of the possibility of des potic control of the line, it was a valuable safe guard. He thought therefore we ought to enter into a fair arrangement with the syndi cate, with the determination to give them full play in working out their great scheme. Re ferring again to the point of the railway being managed Dy private enterprise, he would refer them to the Victorian system, in which the scramble for places in the Railway Department became a serious embarrassment to succeeding Governments. If we could introduce private railways this great trouble would be avoided. The objection as to the magnitude of the land grants, and the probable manipulation of these by the syndicate, was a false alarm. It was a popular error that the syndicate would sell their land in large blocks to the owners of neighbouring runs. He did not believe this would be done. We now viewed with dread the enormous areas of land held by a few peoples holdings of one, two, or three million acres in the hands of either single individuals or a banking company, having no residential in terest. The whole back country was parcelled out into a few holdings. He held that the Railway Syndicate would initiate a process of sales of fairly-sized runs, by which the pre sent huge run system would be gradually destroyed, and our immense back territory brought again into the hands of the country. He had been twitted by some of the extreme Liberal papers, notably by the Toowoomba Chronicle, with having advocated the alienation of large blocks in the interior. He did not do so; nor did he advocate the advisability of selling small blocks. He thought that areas of from 5000 to 60,000 acres should be alienated as the best means of producing freeholders. It would be better to have some thousands of such men, than the few hundreds now in pos session of the land. He was not antagonistic to squatting pursuits. Much advantage had been derivea from those pioneers, but we must not now be content to perpetuate the system of huge holdings. Mr. Douglas here quoted from an article in the " Sydney University Review," which pointed out as the policy for the manage ment of the vast Australian interior, that there should be created grazing freeholds of 10,000 acres, so as to provide openings for young and enterprising spirits. He was certain that such a company as the Transcontinental Syndicate must secure a large population along the line of railway; and the whole tendency of the American system was to secure a larger settlement than if the railway was in the hands of the Government. He had now, so far, alluded to only a few of the objections made. He scorned to believe that we could not take the necessary steps to prevent cheating. These men composing the syndicate ought to be dealt with as honourable men; men who were willing to come out and help us to open up the country. He had shown his hearers that the position now was not an alternative between land grants and borrowed money. They had seen that the claims along the coast would give them all they could do by the latter method for the next ten years. He hoped, therefore, the people of this country would elect a Parliament to carry out this great project Let them not be dominated by any set of men who would attempt to thrust down their throats the idea that the American job bery must of necessity be perpetuated here. If it were necessary to be told of this, by all means they would hear it, and would take due precautions. He had observed that his old friends, Messrs. Griffith and Dickson, had been travelling out west, and making dis coveries. They had made two- great dis coveries—first, that we have a magnificent terri tory out there; and, secondly, that the squatters, storekeepers, and bullockdrivera in the western country don't require the Transcontinental Railway. He could quite understand that. Had it ever been known that a bullock-driver wanted a railway? Another objection that amused him very much was made by Mr. Rutlcdge at Cooktown. The establishment of a new port at Point Parker would destroy the ports on the eastern coast. Why, they ought surely to take exception to the existence of the Gulf of Carpentaria! It must be a mistake of Providence that the Gulf and Point Parker exist at all! Suppose that the whole traffic of the interior went to Point Parker, what harm? If such a trade were created, the whole country would be enriched. One more port would not ruin us. But if it did compete with the other ports, would it not aid. in peopling the country, and thus secure the general good ? Other persons thought that our trade might go across the border into New South Wales. By all means let our people go over the border, and the people over the border come to us. Why not trade with them? Then the talk of the tariff being unfavourable for us. We were bound to get our own trade, and had everything to gain by intercommunication. Before the great railway was launched, there would be many difficulties, and many objections to answer, but he hoped and believed that when accomplished there would be a knitting to gether of the different colonies, and, whilst we need not abandon our own interests, in laying this railway there would be provided a means for the communication of peoples, and the cir culation of trade from end to end of this island continent. These were hopes they were justi fied in entertaining. Objections ought to be fully stated, but they should not be dis couraged ; let them forget the men whoever they be that attempt this. They must keep steadily in view the great object—grasp its greatness; fight battles-royal over it; the cause would be won. It was said there was plenty of time. It was not too Boon to take prelinu- nary steps. Great preparations must be made by any company undertaking the work, and ten years would probably elapseTbefore completion. Though we were only a small people, we should not be content to put off this matter. We had the land to give, and plenty of it, and the sooner the better. These times of peace and prosperity might not last. Any year a Euro pean war might hinder the progress of the world. Now was the time to moke provision for the future, to make good use of our won derful resources, and equally wonderful credit. The hon. gentleman concluded, amidst much cheering, an animated discourse, which occu pied an hour and a-half in delivery. The usual votes of thanks were cnthusiasti ally carried. 