OUTWITTING THE BRIGANDS. It was on such a morning as we fog- nnrtnred islanders seldom witness at home, that I stood upon the deck of the good steamer Coumoundouros, watching the nesting shores of the Pinens, which, as all the world knows or should know, is the port of the classic city of Athens, 'The beautiful unclouded sky ; the bright outline of the sun-bathed coast ; the air laden with the scent of the distant Hy- mettus ; the far eminence with the grand old Acropolis standing out white and bold in the clear atmosphere ; and close at hand the mouldering tomb of Themistocles — all combined to arouse such poetic fancies in my mind, that I forgot for the moment the prosaic busi ness upon which I had coma The screaming engine of the busy little rail way which carries the traveller from the Piraeus to Athens, soon reminded me, however, that I was accredited with a mission from a London Greek firm to their friends in the Attio city ; and I was soon whirling over the sacred jground vv sere nuwiy given to every ruoo. a page : We passed, the monuments of those doughty champions of the War of Independence, . Karaiskakis and Mianlis, and many other objects of . interest ; and after a ride of three or-fbnr miles, I found myself at my destination. After the first few days, I certainly had a very pleasant time of it, the few hours' work each day acting only as a stimulus to my varied pleasures ; and having examined the Acropolis, and lunched by the fallen pillar of Jupiter, seated myself in the ruins of the Pnyx — whence Demosthenes declaimed, and Pericles evolved his. plans — I looked aronnd,.like Alexander, for more worlds to conquer. I thereupon consulted my genial bnt unwashed host, Kyrie Antonio Pericles -Pappademetraceponlos— - who, although Plato was to him a text-book, and the sayings of Socrates as familiar aa the story of Tommy and Harry , to an English schoolboy, was . always as dirty as a sweep — upon the -propriety .of be taking myself to where The mountains look on Marathon, And Marathon looks on the sea. For one might as well go .to- Egypt! witbont visiting the pyramids, . or to Borne without entering St. Peter's, as 'do' Greece and leave Marathon unex plored, And when my host tried to dissuade me by assuring me that a Greek gentleman's ear had been eent a fortnight before by the brigands to hie -obstinate relatives, to hurry the .negotiations for his ransom, it so roused my blood, that I vowed I would go if I returned as close cropped as an English-: terrier. So away we started — myself and Themis tocles the son of my host, a sallow ' un shaven yonth, dirtier than - his father — mounted on two high-spirited donkeys, onr revolvers wen primes, ana onr . com missariat well stocked. ' Adios Kyrie P shonted my long- named host as we cantered off 'IN ever fear,' I replied, waving my revolver defiantly, and feeling that I shonld be greatly disappointed if the rascals did not show themselves. On we went, enjoying the scenery and holding a hybrid,, conversation — he in broken English, and I in sadly mutilated Greek — until in the excitement of the ride, Bnd the glorions panorama con stantly unfolding ..itBelf to onr.jriew, 1 entirely forgot that there ware such beings as brigands in existence. 'No w,' said I to Themistocles, after a ride of some hours, during which my appetite bad become unpleasantly sharp" ened, 'let us look about for a spot where we can bivonac in comfort' We soon found a- delightful place, sheltered all round, save where, through a small opening, .we obtained a view of a charming landscape. Dismounting, and and allowing onr animals to refresh them selves on the grass, we soon made havoc of the good things ; we had brought. I was lying npon my back smoking a cigarette after the meal, gating dreamily at the bine firmament ; and being' too lazy to rise, had calledhpon Themistoclea to pass the bottle. <Hai the fellow gene to efeepf1 !- ' thought I, still indisposed to turn my head. .. '.Themistocles ! . Bnt Themistocles heard me not ; and when I raised myself npon my elbow, I saw him standingi as if struck dumb and .motionless with fear, .staring npon the opening. Instinctively I leaped up and clutched my revolver ; bnt before I took a step, the cause of Themistocles' fear became apparent ; and three . shaggy forms behind three blanderbnssess aimed direct at me, made me folly aware that I was in the presence of those econrges of Greece, the Brigands ! Bnt oh ! what a metamorphosis 1 Where were the natty green jackets with silver buttons, aod plnmed hats, and the tout ensemble of tbe brigands of my yonth, of the operas and the picture-books i Three ragged, dis- repntable-Iooking figures, clad in greasy sheep-skins and dirty clothes, nnkempt, unshaven, took tbe place of those tinselled heroes, and with stern gestures and mattered threats, ordered ns toi follow them. My .first thought was resistance; but when I showed the slightest signs, the three bell-mouthed muskets were bent towards me ; and I felt that the odds were too many, and, determining to await events, grimly sub mitted to be led down the mountain by oar unaavonry guides. -At last, after winding through ravines ;and hoiiows, across glens and over monn- '.taiiL-pathB . innumerable, this most nn- iplaaaant journey ended, by onr gnides jckffing. a halt as we gained the summit ;0I an ennnence surrounQed by trees and tall rocks,.- forming an extraordinary jnatnraf i ortreBS. Beneath oar feet, in. deep ravine, with seemingly bnt one out let, and excellently sheltered by over hanging . foliage, was the camp of the brigands ; and here we found, the rest of the shaggy ruffians- — with the exception : of one who stood sentinel — enjoying their siesta . with indolent content. A shrill whistle soon brought the .rascals to their feet ; and rushing up to ! meet ns, . they, displayed a dozen of as ; unfavourable specimens . of .the human .race as: conld well be. found. Setting, onr asses by their bridles, they relieved our captors, and led ns down the revfoe ; and bating roughly assisted ns to dis mount, brought ns into the presence- of the chief of the band. ; ' Bravo, lads 1 excellent, excellent !' he shouted, as his. sparkling eyes .bent npon ns in delight ; and after a cursory ex amination, we were conducted, amid the excited gesticulations of the brigands, and without, nndne ceremony, into a dark cavern -within tbe ravine. 'Shiver my maintops 1' exclaimed a voice as. I groped my way in ; ' they might give us aea room, the vagabonds, and not land ns in this lubberly creek; and now they, are shoving more craft in to anchor !' ' Hani in, Jack, .old chum !' answered another; ' we most make the best of a bad job, mate.' To say that my heart leaped to my month" at hearing snch nnexpected words, and finding myself in the company of my own countrymen, would no more than describe the. cheering sensation that thrilled through me. 'What cheer, mates ?' I cried, in the darkness. Answering exclamations of astonishment greeted jny words ; and in a few minutes onr stories were told ; and I: learnt that my new-fonnd friends were the captain and supercargo of a ship then lying in the port of the Piraeus, who -seeking a like object, had met with a similar .fate to my own. ' And now,' said Captain Jack Jenkins, 'how are weto get oat of this scrape ? If I had Tim, and Joe and black Tom, each with a cutlass and a barking-iron here, we'd soon make a passage, I'd warrant !' 'That's all very.wcll,' said .Will John son; the supercargo ; ' but we haven't. If I'd but the opportunity given me, I'd guarantee' Whatever the supercargo was abont to Say-was cut short by the- advent of two Shock-heads at .the little opening of our prison, and two harsh voices calling ns — as my gnide Themistocles informed us — to partake of a feast ; for we learned after : wards that the chiefi in commemoration pf having made such a good- haul, had decided to allow us, his prisoners, to partake -of the general festivity. Bnt as a -preliminary, we "bad to-undergo ancx- amination as to our capability of paying the anticipated ransoms. First, we were ralieved of onr watches and rings, the Captain . using . language rather strong for translation to these pages, to the great amusement of his tormentors, who with similar gesticulations to his, en deavoured to intimate the sonnd of the Captain's words, which of coarse only added to hiB wrath and their hilarity. 'You uncombed, dirty -faced vaga bonds 1' he shouted, ' if I had a few of you aboard the Annie Martin, I'd twist your ugly heads over the yard-arm in the twinkling of a jiffy P ' Of course they only laughed the louder at his impotent rage ; aod I thought it quite as well that they did not under stand the language in which he gave it vent. The operation, of stripping ns of onr valuables gave me an opportunity to ob serve tne appearance of my companions. Captain Jenkins was the beau-idfial of .an .English seaman. In age abont thirty-five, of a large and robust-build, a face broad, manly, ana bearded, and limbs sucn as wonld delight a sculptor to copy. His height was nearly six feet ; and he had an air of command about him which was donbtleBS bred of his occupation. The supercargo, Will Johnson, was perhaps ten years younger ; nearly as tall as his friend, strong and active ; and take jus altogether — for I am of no mean stature myBelf — we . were three men who, under any circumstances, wonld be no disgrace 'to our country ; and if any opportunity shonld arise for an attempt at an -escape, I felt certain that we shotUd give as good an account ot ourselves as any scratch three, here or there. Having satisfied themselves of the value of my late father's watch, -which 1 parted from with some emofion, and of the intrinsic worth of the Captain's gold chronometer, as well as the supercargo's watch and diamond ring, we were inter rogated through Themistocles, as to our means. For myself, tbe . name of Abe firth I was travelling . for acted with a talismanic effect npon them, and- 1 was immediately assessed — notwithstanding my -protestations — at three hnndred pounds. At this price, too, the Captain's freedom was valned ; whilst tbe Onfor- Xanate supercargo— whose business they persisted in confounding' with that of ownemf the cargo and ship — was unani- lioiHly roW 8om. Having arranged this matter to their own satisfaction, if not to oura, we were told to sit down and enjoy ourselves with what appetite we could muster. The smell of the roast lamb and the freshly baked meal-cakes, however, soon aroused pleasanter sensations, and dimmed for a time the memory of our griefs ; more especially as, under the - apparent certainty of obtaining his booty, the chief condescended to be quite pat ronising towards us, carving the joints himself for as, and delicately handing on the point of a dagger our several por tions. After we had satisfied onr hun ger with the more solid viands, we were regaled with dried fruits as dessert ; and a large jar of a peculiar sherry-coloured but bad-tasting wine of a resinoQB flavour — which Themistocles described as the common wine of the country — was brought in and set down in the midst of - us. This we told them we could not drink; aud tbe chief very generously ordered as a conple of bottles fromjiis own particular store, doubtless the pro ceeds of a raid upon some well-to-do householder. Will Johnson-after a time managed to ingratiate himself in the favour of our shaggy host and his friends by hiB genial happy manner and frank bearing, favour ing the company with many remarks, which, translated by Themistooles, evid ently pleased them. When, too, . by eleight-of-hand — in which he was an adept — he performed some Bimple . tricks, A l- nil anner sua gave biiciu a iuu»uru«t wuj « rollicking chores, and woand np with a hornpipe accompanied by the Captain with a pocket-comb and a piece of paper, tbe general enthusiasm knew no bounds, - and the beetle-browed vagabonds laughed .till the tears rolled down their cheeks. Will now became on snch excellent terms withthemall,thathe proceeded to take some freedoms with them ; and when he snatched the horn from the cup-bearer, and installed himself in that official's place, ladling the wine out of tbe wide-' mouthed jar aud handing it round to the- company, his triumph' was complete. ' For heaven's sake f said he sa he passed us, ' don't take any of this stuff, and don't drink much of your own.' « Never fear,' said Jenkins, making a wry face ; ' onetaste is sufficient.' And bo Will went round with the cap; making a conical remark to this one, and a grimace at that, until the chief — evi dently fearing from their hilarity that they were taking too much — ordered them to desist from drinking, and return to their several da ties. Meanwhile, we were eent back into onr dnogeoo, with a sentinel stationed at the opening. ' Not a word,' whispered mil, as we settled down in onr prison. — ' Here's something, Captain,' he continued, 'that belongs to yon.' 'Why,' said the captain in reply, as Will handed him the article mentioned, ' this is a stopper out of my medicine chest 'To be sore it is, Jack,' returned Will ; ' and I most apologise for the liberty of taking yonr laudanum phial ; bnt my confounded back-tooth was -so painful -on y board the Bhip last night, that I got np and took it, and lockily forgot to-retnrn it this morning. Yon must debit me with the bottle and its contents, for' I dropped them both into the vagabonds' nine-jar!' r ' What I' we all exclaimed in a breath. ' Now, stop yonr clappers 1' continued the supercargo.— Jack, yon know I'm not bad at sleight-of-hand tricks. Well, in the first place, having contrived to secrete the bottle while the blackguards were relieving me of my valuables, and then having attuned tbe position of waiter, what was easier than to wriggle the bottle down my sleeve, whip out the stopper, and drop the lot into their swipes ; giving the bottle a crack and stirring the laud anum up, every time I dipped .the horn into it !' 'Bravo, Will !' cried the Captain, seizing Ids hand and giving it a hearty Bhake. ' If that's the case, we're safe ; for the black-faced rascals won't wake up for a dozen hours I'll be bound. There 1 onr guard has dropped off already!' And snre enough, the drowsy ruffian had planted himself right across the open ing and was snoring loudly. Now for it !' cried the impetnons Jack Jenkins, .rising. 4 Hold hard !' said Will. ' Let thenl get well off' So, settling ourselves down for half an hoar, we talked the matter over. At the end of this time, we sent tbB trembling Themistocles to -see how things were ontside ; and after peeping over the prostrate sentinel, he gave ns to under stand that all were sleeping except three; and they were retiring to the farther "end of the ravine, and wonld in a minute.be oat of sight. ' Capital P said Will, with suppressed excitement. ' Now eaoh take a pistol and a cutlass from the fellows, and follow me.' One after tbe other we stepped across the sleeping brigand at the entrance, Will relieving him of his pistol, dirk, and bltmderbass j while the Csptun -And I Stood by ready to give him his quietus at the slightest sign of wak ing. Then the four of ua, gliding like ghosts, assisted ourselves to what ever weapons we conld .most easily lay -uauwo upuu , M1U U 1. £1 S 111 18 LOClcS WS8 not of imnch ore for fighting, we gave him .the bag containing onr valnablon - which we found by the ride of sleeping chief — as well as several spare pistols, to cany. Picking our way without speaking a word, we advanced towards the open end of the ravine; and jnst as we turned round a jutting pieoe of rock, we saw the three sentinels, seem ingly in earnest conversation. ' Halt 1 whispered Will. ' Now for a rush !' and each singling outvie -man and clutching hie rifle by tbe barrel— for we avoided the noise .oT.shooting. — we - sprang forward. Aimnat wmnihivpnnHiy, ... and before the enemy had time to observe we were upon them, and three rifl. stocks descended npon three shock-heads with such force, that two of the follows dropped like .atones. The .stock of my rifle glanced off the -herd' head of my antagonist and crashed against the .tock. With a stifled cry, he tamed ; -but in an instant my hand -.was- upon -his throat, and the sonnd died in hie gullet ; while with the strength of desperation, I darted his head - against the wall -like rock ;_apd after a Straggle— in which ha wounded me with his dagger— he dell From my grasp, apparently lifeless. 'Now,- arid -the captain, 'where am the Donksyii I—Come, Greekyl' heeded to ThBujistoclss ; 'bears handj'and looking around, we espied our four animals just as we left them, but with a brigand sitting by them. Here was au unlooked-for rencontre ! He was folly a hundred yards off, and to get at him, we Bhould have to cross a small plateau. ' Leave Mm to me' cried Jenkins, preparing to rush forward. But uuder the advice of the supercargo, he stopped. We could have picked him off easily, but dared not for tbe noise of the rifled. \- ' Hang it !' impatiently muttered I Jenkins, we shall be trapped again, after all and without further parley, the impetuous fellow started of running on the tips of his toes, with a drawn cutlaso in one hand and a pistol in the other, just as he was within a few yards of the brigand, the latter turned round, and seeing how matters stood, made lor bis rifle, which was leaning against a tree a few feet off ; but a revolver hnrled deftly by Will Johnson — for we had all followed — catching him directly in the face, so effectually stopped his progress, that he fell stunned to the ground. ' Yon persist in doing all the work,' said Jenkins as we came np to him. ' But quick, lads ; off we go !' and in a moment we were on onr asses, and under the guidance of our Greek companion, were making with break-neck speed for Athens. Up hill, down dale, on we went for a couple of hours without stopping or meeting a human being ; then, just as we were about to cross tbe summit of a mountain at which we had arrived, a harmless-looking peasant wiahed ns ' good-day,' and was about to pass ou.' ' Seize him !' cried Themistocles ; he!s a scout.' So seize Mm we did, for caution's sake ; and as there were no trees near, we tied Ms hands and legs together, and left him begging for mercy. But there was no mercy in us, more especi ally as Themistocles explained there was such a curious and mysterious connection between the brigands and villagers, that it was by ao means unlikely — had we allowed Mm to go free— he would have hied to the nearest village and roused a swarm of semi-bri gands about us. Having travelled for four hours, and as our asses could scarcely get along for fatigue, we called a halt j and after resting ourselves and watering our ani mals, we continued onr journey until, late at night, we reached Athens, where, round the hospitable board of our hoBt, we soon forgot our tronbles. 