WHEN THERE SHALL BE NO MORE SCOTCH. (Daily News.) HAS any historian ever paused to muse regretfully over the curiously different for- tunes of the Picts and Scots ? When first they appear in history they seem to be people very much on a level, with very equal chances of future distinction and suc- cess. The Picts are said to have painted themselves, and the Scots to have been cannibals ; but the former charge is pro- bably based on the name of Pict, and the latter on a statement of St. Jerome's about the Attacotti. Now if the Attacotti were not Scots, but if the word be a Latinised form of the old Celtic word for a tenant- farmer, the character of the Scots is cleared — rather, it is true, at the expense of the Irish tenant-farmers. Besides, a various reading is proposed in the notorious passage of St. Jerome, and perhaps he never meant to say that the Attacotti were cannibals after all. However this may be, the Picts and Scots started fair in the race, or rather the Picts were the senior partners in the firm. We do not say, "Scots and Picts," any more than we say, "Scott and Liddell," or "Mason and Fortnum." How came it, then, that the Picts dropped out of view, while the Scots are still a fairly prosperous and widely distributed people? This is one of those problems which only the learned can solve, and they all solved it differently, like Monkbarns and Sir Arthur Wardour. But certain Scotch patriots have often lately shown a shuddering fear that the Scots may become as extinct as the Picts, owing to the process of being "Anglified." Professor Blackie in particular has a painful theory of degeneration, which is interesting because it is precisely the reverse of that entertained by the Ainos of Japan. The Ainos say, with pride, that they all sprang from dogs. Profes- sor Blackie admits that many Scots are becom- ing "Anglified puppies." When this process has gone far enough the Scots as a people will be as extinct as the Picts. Meanwhile Mr Paxton Hood has published (with Messrs Hodder and Stoughton) a volume called "Scotch" — we beg pardon — "Scottish Characteristics." Here is a valuable con- tribution to the history of a decaying people. If the Red Indians published "Cherokee Characteristics," if the dodo had left his memoirs, who would not read with eager- ness these records of waning or vanished types and races? Before the process of Anglifying goes too far, before Scotch ceases to be spoken by the oldest inhabitant of Peebles, before Burns's poems become as un- intelligible as the inscriptions of Easter Island, we should give our attention to Mr Paxton Hood and the characteristics of the Scotch. "The time will come, says Hector, "when Ilios must perish, and Priam, and the people of Priam of the ashen spear." The people of Kinmont Willie (also of the ashen spear) will not perish ; but they are daily becoming less and less of a peculiar people zealous against organs. The organ is audible in even the Free Kirks ; lawn tennis has been played on Sunday, north of the Tweed ; the secondary schools are being more and more organised on English models — 'tis Scotland, but old fashioned Scotland no more Mr Hood's book shows that in one respect the Scotch were very like the Greeks. Their jokes were precisely similar to the examples of Greek wit selected by Mr Paley. The village idiot takes the place of the "Scho- lastikos," and the minister does duty as the philosopher, while the laird has the role of the tyrant or rich man. Here is an old Scotch joke, all of the olden time. Mr Alexander Fletcher was asked to be coad- jutor or "co-pastor" at Stow with the Rev. Mr Fletcher. Doubts were expreseed as to Mr Fletcher's orthodoxy. These doubts he removed by a correct sermon, and was con- gratulated thus by Mr Kidstone (here follows the joke) — "Weel, Sandie, I must admit you are vara 'soun,' but oh, man ! you're no deep." On another occasion a minister asked a lady how her husband was, and she replied, "None the better o' you," as the minister had neglected to visit the husband. Once more — let us put it in the style of the Greek delectus — the following old Scotch jape is told :- "A certain minister, asking about the health of a family, learned that Davie was in pain as to his knee. Whereon he, having prayed that David's affliction might be blessed to him, was told that Davie was just the cuddy." This happened at Galashiels in the time of Dr. Henderson, and is written in the book of the chronicles of Mr Paxton Hood. The incident is one which would have tickled Athenaeus. Anyone who studies these anecdotes in a devout spirit will probably agree with Mr Hood that "reticence" is one very marked chatac- teristic of Scotch humour. The reticence sometimes goes to the extent of keeping the the point of the joke entirely dark. "The best kind of Scotch humour is of a very sly and subtle character," so subtle, indeed, as almost to escape detection altogether. Here is an example of Caledonian repartee. An Irishman chaffed a Scotch woman about her maiden estate, to whom she replied, "I'm truly thankful that a man was na ordainit to me, for maybe he might ha' been like yoursel." In short there is a great deal of "the German paste" in the Scotch composi- tion. Mr Paxton Hood gives anecdotes of a Scotch woman who could detect a joke after twenty-four hours spent in absorbed meditation, "a queer slowness of character," as Mr Hood himself remarks. But we must conclude these remarks on a form of wit which will soon be Anglified out of existence with this crushing repartee by a young lass — "A London tourist met a young woman going to the kirk, and, as was not un- usual, she was carrying her boots in her hand, and trudging along bare-foot. 'My girl,' said he, 'is it customary for all the people in these parts to go bare-foot?' 'Pairtly they do,' said the girl, 'and pairtly they mind their own business.' " If this be not sufficiently excellent, the curious may read the life of Henry Erskine, and marvel at these curious jokes of ancient men from which the fun has departed. No one but a very conscientious historian of the Scotch will say much about humour which really seems to be a fearful minus quantity. Scotch ghosts are better than Scotch jokes, and will repay the atten- tion of the Society for Psychical Re- search. One ghost, greatly respected in the parish, is Pearlin Jean. Mr Kirkpatrick Sharpe's old nurse had often heard Pearlin Jean rustling about in her silks. Pearlin Jean (a French lady) was acciden- tally killed by her faithless lover, and her ghost sat on the top of the arched gateway of Allanbank, in spite of the exorcisms of seven ministers. She was a French ghost, and the seven ministers should have tried her with Scotch jokes, which probably she would have been unable to endure. She always wore a great deal of lace, and was still actively engaged at Allanbank in 1790. The servants became quite familiar with her, and ceased to be alarmed by the noises which she persisted in making. Another ghost should interest our modern "John- nies" and "chappies." He was the most ancient of all chappies, and was called "the chappie of Houndwood," an old house near Coldingham. He derived his name of "chappie" from his habit of "chapping" or knocking. No one dared to enter the room called "chappie's room ;" and, as a variety of other ghosts were settled on the premises Houndwood must have been in- valuable for scientific psychical research. There were dark spots of blood on the floor of chappie's room, and if a new flooring was laid down the old marks came back into it. The sceptical may whisper "damp," but that is not a psychical explanation of the phenomenon. Chappie sometimes appeared in the shape of a pair of heavy boots all splashed with blood which walked about the floor without any sign of a wearer of the boots, This is a delightfully novel sort of ghost, and we are not surprised to hear that a sceptical Eng- lish gardener was once very much frightened when he attempted to sleep in chappie's room. Mr. Hood tells a story of an Eng- lishman among the Turks who found Scots among Turks and Hungarians and Russians, and carne to the conclusion that " everyone was a Scotchman." Everyone is not a Scotchman, but, after reading Mr. Hood's book, everyone must wish to be a fellow- countryman of the genial chappie. 