How Sam Trained lii.s Wife. IN n .bouton restaurant, at dinner rccontly, sal a man from Cambridge, who was a nativo of Now Hampshire. Mooting an old acquain tance from that indefinite section known as “ down east,” the conversation soon turned on family topics, and the pair began to talk nbout their former neighbors in a most familiar way. "Yes," romarkod tho Cam bridge gentleman, “Sam was in many re speots different from tho rest of tho boys. You remember who ho married ? Well, when the old man, his father, found that ho was shinin’ round with her, ho called him one day in tho barn and said : 1 Sam, d’ye intend to marry Beckie ?' Sam never said a word, so the old man said : < Mo boy, yo know all about them. I can’t toll you nothin’. Yu know how tho sisters lias turned out, and not ono of them is now livin’ with their husbands. Sam was as mum ns a pantomime, and, just ns soon as ho was ready, him and Bocltic got tied. Thoy lived on a farm, and everything went ou smooth for nbout a year, and it enmo to hog butcherin’ time. Sam got already to havo tho usual party for tho ocoasion, and, just as ho was sharpenin' up tho knives, Bookie eamo out and said : 1 Sam, I’m going homo.’ Sam pro tested in his quiet way, but it wns no uso, so lie said he’d get a man to row her across tho pond. It was nbout half a mile over. She said : ‘No, ye won’t; ye’ll row mo over yor self.’ Sam told her ho couldn’t, and Bcclcio fired up and said : ‘ Then I’ll drown mcsclf.’ Sam snid ho’d go with her it she wanted to do that, so tho boat was got ready, she got in, and they rowed out till tho water was twenty foot deep. Then Sam stopped and said ‘ Well, Beckie, this is a good plnco for ye to drown );orself 1 ’ Sho didn’t open her mouth. Ho waited awhile and then said : • Como, Beckie, I’m in a hurry to got back.’ She never looked up. Sam put down the oars, caught hold of her and pitched her in. Sha grabbed for the boat, but ho wouldn’t let her git near it. When sho wns almost dono odt she said : ‘ Sam, let mo in that boat and ye’ll not hoar anything more from mo out o’ tho way.’ So ho pulled her in and thoy wont: '< back home., She changed horolothos andcn-;-' tertained tho Guests. They’re noV^ortrly 80, -■! and you never snw a happier old couple—did you ? I don't think thoy over spoke of that duckin’ sinco the day sho was Doin’ tn drown ucrscii. — ■Detroit Free Press. A Tennessee tthost 'Cornos to a house in Hamilton County, and rocks the baby to sleep every night. Now, then; by all the dwellers in t).io nether gloom', if there ism restless ghost of any old ancestor of ours would like to find steady employment at good wages in a quiet family and good neighborhood, wo can give the perturbed spirit all it wants to do in tho silent lino of genoral housework, with Sunday afternoon for itself, and ono night out every week when it could go around nnd raise a ghostly racket with the neighbors, and haunt all the lonely houses in the neighborhood. What a gem of a house-servant a ghost would be. Nover “ sass” back; always invisible. The pie would oome on the tablo as though it wero sailing through the air ; tho carpet-sweeper would perform its noiseless functions without tho howling accompaniment of “ Gnah-na gnah-na-tha-wah—that wnr tho place whayro tho whisky is plenthy—whack! fol dho rol loll" And at night it could haunt all the" objectionable neighbors until they fled the neighborhood, and property would depreciate seventy-live per cent., when we could buy it in and whack up with the ghost. No light and no fire required for the ghost’s room. No private watolnnan wanted on tho block j no dog on tho promises. When a burglar climbed in at tho window, and felt tho cold, olammy lingers of the ghost wriggling down tho back of his neck; when he drove a ten-inch bowio-knifo clean through tho ghost’s bosom fivo times, and tho spectre smiled sadly at him, and showed him where his throat had been cut clear off nine years before—how tho robber would drop his kit and wing his restless flight to realms beyond the farther limits of the city corporate. And when the door-bell rang, tho ghost would just stick its head clear through tho koy-holo and see who was there before tho door was opened. And there would bo no sweethearts loafing about tho kitchen Sunday nights—ah, no. Truly, a ghost would bo a great boon to the homo, and if any of our readers know of a ghost out of a job, send him at onco to this -The Ari/onaut. 