Sporting News. The Wyndham races were held.at' the Werribee laat Saturday. There was a'very fair-attendance of visitors, and the various events were well contested."" A lad named Kose, son of Mr. C. Kccr, of Ballarat, wsa killed, riding Sunshine, in.the Steeplechase. The horse wss running second at- the fence opposite tbe stand when it feU heavily, roll ing over the boy. Anotlter rider, Barlow, broke his collar bone in the same race. It is stated that tbe horse (Rocket) he was ridine was not in a fit state for racing, and fell from rxhanstion. Tbe Selling Handicap waa woo by Mr. S. G. Cook's b f Nymph, Drum stick 2nd, Glory 3rd. Tbe Handicap Hurdle Bace resulted in Mr. 51. Grey's eh g Miller passinc the judge's chair first, Stormbird and Meriymaid taking up next positions. The Wyndham Handicap went to Mr. A. M'Donald'a br g Bonnie Bee, 6st Sib; Coriolano*, Sst 91b, 2nd; Barley Bree, 6st 121b, 3rd. The Handicap Steeplechase was won by Mr. T. Ferguson's b g Magic Peter 2nd, Verio 3rd. The Werribee Park Hand., cap was gained by Mr. T. Jones's eh h The Ghost, Chloris 2nd, Belle Brandon 3rd. The Essendon football clnb played the Fort Adelaide at Adelaide on Saturday in the presence of the Governor and suite. The weather was rainy. Essendon won by 2 goal* 18 behinds to 1 gosl 4 behind*. The Melbourne played Sooth Melbourne on the former's ground, nearly 12,000 spec tators being present. The game wss very exciting. Melboorne' having decidedly the best of it first half. Eventually Melbourne won by four goals to two. The behinds were 10 for each side. Gee'ong played Hotham on the Corie ground last Saturday. The game was one sided, Geelong gaining 4 goals 13 behinds to the Hothamites 9 behinds. A exes pigeon shooting match took place last Saturday on the Pimm Yaloak estate. Mr. B. B. Mscafec (30 yards) won the 61 st sweep of five birds each, second miss out. The second sweep was won by the- same genUeman shooting all his birds at 30 yards. The third sweep was divided' between Messrs. E. R. Green (30 yd*) and T. M'Namara(26yds). . y^' _ TBI usnal weekly meeting of the Mcl toareeGnnClnb took place on Friday. The ?? na > ?*l eT, en' WM the fifth competition for by - .?*f'- V°Phy. the condition of which is that it is to be won twice. The previous winners were Messrs. M-'Evoy, Stephenson, Henderson, and Butcher, and as Mr. M'Evoy became the winner yesterday, it is now his absolute property. The birds ■were good, and a smart breeze that blew across the ground accounts for the fact that no shooter killed his nine bird... After the principal event was finished, three sweeps were "hot for, and were won by Mr. Saver, Mr. Glenister, and Mr. M'Kvoyl 