ITEMS OP NEWS., It was resolved by the Suhday- Liberation Loaguo to, have a public meeting in the Mef ehanios' Institute tomight, but' as the obmmjttee had not completed their' arrangements ''d'obuj; speakers in time, tho meeting will not take place till next week. Now Insolvent.— John Steer Christophers, of Castlemame, Uabouror. JjiaDlliiioB, xioo 03 oa j assets, LG 153 8d j deficiency, L20 10s 8di Gauses of insolvency, pressure of o'roditprsj Attorney Mr O. L, Hanbury, Lyttlbton Btroet, Oastlemaino. Mr Adams, assigneo. Messrs Gibbs, Shallnrd and Co., 'of Sydney, have forwqrdpd us ' a: few' elegont ''samples of Christmas cards having for thoir baais.indigen- ous flora and fauna. In artistic merit they are equal to cards of a similar kind for tho Christ-; mas season produced by London houses. ; Tho Nowstead District Cpiirsiiig Olub will ap-; parently liayo fayourablo weather for the Puppy, Stakes to be run off to'-morrqw. From tliq draw, which we published in, oqr issuo of Fri-j day, it would bo seeii there was the full number of ontrios, 24 dogs, and that tliora pro many good ones among them. , , 1 ' At a quarterly meeting of tho Reehabite Tent lield at the Reohabite Hall last Wednesday, re-, ports were road showing that tho number ' of members was steadily increasing, an , evidence that tiie temperance pause is becoming morq popular. Afterwards tho delegates, were enter-, tained at Mr XVoodward's. _ : i A' jockey 'named Archie M'lnnes; who ivas riding in the Grand National Steoplecliaso on thq Fleniington Racecourse " on Saturday, ro< ceived such injuries by the hbrse he' was riding lailing u>| Uliu kuu atuuo >yuu >uuh no mc« shortly qfter being taken to tho casualty room.1 Ho was a, resident of Echuca, where ho has q father and mother.- - In another column will be found a report of the action brought by MrlCurz against tho Shire Council of Mount Alexander for dainagos he sustained by falling into a drain at Campbell? Creek in November, 1881, whereby his leg was fractured. The action was tried at, Sandhurst on Saturday before His Honour Judge Holroyd and a special jury of six. It resulted in a ver, diet for 'Mr Kurz, who was awarded L183 15s for damages, L13 to go to the hospital. j The second trial of tho man Burns for the murder in 1880 of Michael Quinlivan, at Wick! liffe, was concludod at the Hamilton court on Saturday, the prisoner being found guilty and remanded for sentence. It will be remembered that on the first trial the jury could not agree', and Bums was remanded, hut since then, more evidence has been obtained, though all inerely of a oiroumstantial character, but sufficiently clear to sheet the.ebarge home. ; A man named Patrick Griffin, who had travelled from Ballarat on Friday, and was bound for Hay, was detained by liquor at the railway station. He was driven in a cab to the watchhouse, wherein ho found accommodation for the night. When asked at the Police Court' oh Saturday morning if he had been drunk, lie was unable to give a positive reply, as lie had no remembrance' of what had occurred. He atoned for his offence by paying Is fine and 2s 6d for the cab; > A dark woman, who has for years lived at the Chinese Camp and been occasionally called to account for her conduct at the police- court,- en tered into tho huly bonds of matrimony on Frir day. It is 'said that she and her male com panion first presented themselves before Father Allen to be united, but that divine finding him self unequal to the task, the lovers repaired to the registrar who . performed the ceremony readily for the customary fee without compunc tion. .. ; The Congregational cuurcn was uuea: to over-r flowing yesterday afternoon with, the Children of the various Sunday sohools, who cnmo to heai an address from the Rev. A. ' J. Glarke, qf Mel bourne. ' He took for his text tho'wbrd " Ooipo,' which he divided as follows :—C for com'e, C for opportunity, M. for mefcy, and E.for' pter- nity. The children, appeared to listen . attpn-j tivoly to the remarks which were made. "Seve ral of Sankey's hymns wore sung, during the ser vice. At the close of the evening services iq' the various churches a united prayer -meeting was held in the church. During each: evening this week evangelistic services will be hold also.; On Wednesday the newly formed Bendigo Lq Orosso Club send ; two teams to Castleraaine to play a match on the Camp Reserve, and judg ing from the interest already, taken; in; the match by several of the looal sportsmen, there is every probability of a largo attendhhqo' being prqsont. As tho game has novor on any pre-! vious occasion boon jilayed 'hero, the above club deaervo groat credit in bringing teams down to| introduce the Canadian game, which has of'latq takon a very prominent position amongst "out-: door sports in Melbourne; '. We sincerely hope that thoy will he successful in .their mission,' and that ere long the Great Centre will be able; to boast of having some of their nthletio men; as skilful in handling the crosse as thoy have boenf at all other -out-door sportB. j The annual eleotions for boroughs and shire; councillors takes place in littlo more than a fort night, so there is not much , time for intending! candidates making up their minds as to, whether! or not they shall enter the lists. Tho following, are the retiring Shire Oounoillors For' the- Newsteadahiro, Ors Hamilton, south ;- Phil-! pots, east; and Munro, north ridings. , For thoj Mount Alexandorahire, Ors Rowe, Fryers ;; Skews, Campbells Croek ; . .Webb, Guildford nud Williams, Vaughau ridings. For Metcalfe-! siiiro, Crs Oliver, , west ; Hoiyett, Taradale Hodge, south ; and Charity, north ridings. For Maldonshire, . Crs Pollard, Walmer; Upton, Maldon ; and Harrowven, Barringhup .ridings; : j A football match was played at Taradale on! Saturday hetweon tho Taradale and Kyneton Clubs., Taradale won,. the, toss and chose the northern goal. Thompson kioked off for Kyno ton, but the ball was quickly sent back und kept' in their territory most of the Brst half, in spite! of three determined rushes which brought the; brill unpleasantly cIobo to the local goal. Tho! back play of Jackson, Wray, and Maeon, liow-i ever, prevented chore than one 'behind being! scored, whilo Tarhdajo seeurod one goal (kicked by Jiiri M'Crackon), and throe bohinds in the first half; "In the second half the gnmo was more! oven, the ball travelling all over tho ground,' and, both sides hnving several shots for goal, ! only Jack M'Crackon, for Taradale, and a Kyne ton player, being successful. Throo of . the Kyneton shots wore close, one being touched right botwoen tho posts. Tlio final result was— , Taradale two goals nnd Kyneton one, the bej hinds' boiug about six each. Taradalo' was as? sisted by Wray and Greensides1 of the Foundry United :;0lub, and they worthily uphold tluj 'honour hf their 'cliilq. . M'Orqok'en (2), Jaekaoh,' Mason, Tune and Bowler hlbb played' vvolf'fot Taradalo, whilo Thompson, Teal, Malcoini (of Malmsbury), and Birken played well for Kyno- tpn. Mr De Littlo, o(. GQ6lePS fame, madh a very fair contral umpire; The O'Eeefo Inquiry- Boiird resumed ltd sit- jirig at Sandhurst on Saturday morning, when tho case for-Mr O'Koefo was entered into by Dr Quick, who addressed tho Board at somo length. Mr.' O'Koefo aftorwards wna put in the witness-boi, and was subjected to a longthy examination by Dr Quick. Ho denied having oxcitod tho crowd," and stated that lie did not interfere with tho bidding in any way. Ho did offer to buy the lot for L300, but he did nothing eke which could bo construed into a breach of tho peaco. Mr Grattan, the auctioneer, had made inBulling remarks to him, and lie felt an. noyed, and did make some remarks. Ho_ did not, however, flourish either a Bcythe or pitoh- fork, and remark Ihqt they would ho handy - in tho night. The' (inquiry ivas adjourned till to day at 10 o'clock. The, ratef'colleotor ofHamilto'ti '.ha? heeh sus pended owiiig to irrogularities, whieli'liavo been brought to light. Mrs Hainpson arrived in Adolaido on Saturr- day with the intention of oponing a ten-days' mission. She has been accorded nn enthusiastic reception. . She .holds mid-day services at tho Town Hall throughout the week. Major Sargood mentions in. hjs .piypospd.ro- oi'gariizqtipji pf thq!dofeheo fqree jtht .the' pre sent Government, on lfls recommendation, have authorised tho agent-general to make arrange ments with the War 1 Office for ond officer to act as brigade major, -and -' also head of proposed school of instruction ; ono captain R.A.,_ " se conded " to . command .the permanent .artillery ; one sergeant R.A., as sergeant-major for same corps; two sergeants E.A., as drill instructors for fiold and garrison 'artillery ; ohe 'eavah-y ser geant, as drill instructor for mounted rifles ; one sorgoantR.E., as drill ins trustor for torpedo corps ; two sergeants (lino), as drill instructors for in fantry. The scheme provides for the main tenance of 8000 men at tin' estimated cost of L77.596. J The third oonforenoe of VictoiIari:I educational boards of advice was brought to a close on Fri day. Major Smith's celebrated circular on cor' poraly pnniqhipant. was the -principal rtlieme of diseussion', arid it" was teViffely hafluldd by the majority of the speakers. The ohairman de scribed it as being praotically an incentive to tlio children to set their teachers at defiance. A pro, posaltorotain the circular in a modified form was rejected, and the odnlorenc'e gave ah' 'almost un-| animous vote in favour of its complete cancella tion. There was some difference of opinion aq to tho propriety of abolishing night-schools, hut eventually tho conference decided to ro-affirm the conclusion come to at tho two previous com fnrnnens. viz.. that nitrht-sclinnls should he alio- lished except in easefeiwhere! the lo'oal hoards re-: commended that thoy should be continued. A proposal.to make, jthe statutory standard of edu cation liiglior than at present was negatived, Mr S. G. King speaking strongly against the dangers of over-education, and declaring that bone and musde were as essential as brains in arising community like this, a sentiment that waB greeted with applause. Tho conference became very im patient towards the close, and refused to onter- tairi sbme 40 odd motions, bf which notiee"had been given. -A vote of ;tlianks was !aceorde'd;tq the Mayor of Mebourne for" the use of the Town; hall, in which tho sittings of the conference liavo beenheldi u: 1 1 1 ; i The special general . district meeting of the Wesleyan Churolq 'Sydney, ebnvened for the purpose oF considering tho heresy case preferred against the Rev. John_ Osborne, of York street church, agreed to tho following finding : — First : After hearing Mr Osborne's frank declaration of his belief iu the'Diety rof ihVLhrd llesus Christ; in His atonement for sin by His death, in the Diety of the Holy Ghost, in the plenary inspira! tion of Holy Scriptures, and on efficacy of prayer ; having heard also his sincere attach ment to the Methodist doctrines generally em bodied in our acknowledged standards, we cor-! dially accept his statements as full and satisfactory ; at the same time we regret that his method of presenting these truths-is at times'sq inexaot; as 'to produce the impreasipp Ion' the minds of soine that lie is erroneous in 'doctrine.1 Second : In reforbribe'to his sormbn delivered iq York; street church on Sunday, evening, ; 22hd April, 'on" RqmaiVCa'tholioism, we'afo con viheed that .Mr -Oshorho is s'ouh'd in Jtho doptrinea of Protestantism as held by tlie Methodist Cliurcli; yet .from, the, evidence life.are. satisfied. -that iif the' former; pattlrif his" diSeoiirse' ho 1 ivd?1 so . .qp- .'guarded! 5,. vauce .doctrinqs not',in': jiarmony .Kith! opr. stan dards.! , .Third,: Tliatl-thq . President commu-i nicate the foregoing resolutions' to Mr ..Osborno.j -The: action' brouglit liv Mr ; Hunt/> tha j-ex-i Premier of Samoa, t.against Sir Arthur Gordon, Her. 'Majesty's:; High; 'Oomtnissionori; fbi'tht Wcaterh-'Pacifio, for' £8000' damages for '-'illegal 'Arrest! 'which was commenced at WelHngton' pn 'Monday,1 before Mr' Jiistihe Richmond' and;ai TspecTat jury,, has, been! cdribiuded.1 " 'Th'e1 :0()l(rlj ruled' that . Hunt jiyas1 p British,, apd not o| Samoan, subject, an(f that ' Sir ArtUur .Gordod had authority. to rpiiiovq liini from Sa'inba.', .Tlio! only, question, .really left : to the j pry , was as to Hunt's iimprisoriinent of 27. day?, i,jChe;jury re-| turned aiverdiot on, this issue, ,w.ith;£100. dam | ages, adding an: oppression of regret. -ithat the withdrawal of su many, issues oh legal points de barred them from giving'the plaintiff mpre 'sub-! staiitial damages.11 '' ' " ' 'Daiiiel Noonaii, pit rpmand frpffi Melboufne, was qliargd'd, at Ballprpf pnFidDyiiFitli, stealing cattle,, the, property, of ChfireS;iDuip),...rQsi,diugi near Trontham. It, transpired: that -.the, .oattle had , been missed iby thoilownqr for ..nearly ;twu yearsv'and' the. defence iwasubased upon -formoi deciaioiis tliat"th'o posse8sor of cattle was not' re sponsible for felony pf tor such a- la'pse- of- : ti me. Tho Bench"' agreed, witti tliis' Vie'w, and thq |ac eus'ed'was discharged. ' ''": Th.e, hearing. q£qKehqrge!agaiu?t! August Fieek for t-lie'-murdor oflfis wife has-" been cAmmenced at tho 'police court, -Brisbane! -Initio evidence showed.that tho hoc used1 hud-'freqpent quarrel? with her, and- Had 'ilfrea'Kiied1- to finish" lie/ before tho end. of, tho, year. . Threughout tho hearing the accnsedappearod;fear)esa of the re- suHj but'cohducted Himsqlf in' aixordqrly aad re- spuctful ihanuer. " . "The number of persons who arrived in Vic toria by, aea during.tbe niontli of June was 4,39; of whom ; 3, 206 camp from thayhuighbourin; colonies, i,025 from 'iho United "Kingdom anc 163 'from foreign pbrtsV CThe departures by sen wore 3,783; of whom 3,186 , "went to tho neigh- Bqurihg .colhpjqS,. .481 "th'tlie, IJnitod Kingdom, a'hd'.iUfi.'forei'h'p.fb'/.btexdqqs of arrivals o,ver.$ef»rfu ' . -The abstract of birthsahd deaths registered ir thd ihotropblitan aiid suburban regiafration dia tp,ict8.;duripg the; w.tiqk lendihg: 14th; July sliov 196 birtliB and: 81 deaths.' ! Of the -! to(al deaths 2o, ..or .- 30-'9, - per. , oep t,, . wore "of. oliildren undo?' thxeQ.years.'.'pf.qge. j.lS; or :22 ; per (cent., being under due year. Some cases bf-.sbarlatina ar( rejpqr.t?i,l at Rrahran,, audi one !caso"pf , measles a ; Box-hill. , :;A )ad named Thomas Dauiuls,' aged 14 years, residing witli'Lis parents! in.Liivingstono-streot; HothaPp.haa hqeii 'acqideptnljy,, killed;';', He was employed at the Tflutual Store.in Flinders strootj ari'd; was. engaged ihlondiiig. n iift dic'tho third floor, when he fell down tho .-hole, ' "He was at oiieo'. taken to tho- Mulbuurno Hospital, and wa? examined by Dpl'Barr&tt;, who pronounced life to be extinct. j |. ' At tho Gladstone' Circuit Court, James O'Oopf nell, for breaking! into land stealing from the Bliop' of! J anies To.wn,' has beqh; BeritSnoed' "to1 12! years' imprisonnient. Mr Jjatico'Boucaut'aaid the' pfison'er war senionced by' him' iji"1880 te atsiich' a ri6toHous!'brimiiiai bS Hi l'ibota jt't o David Thom, .draper, has boon, brought. up ill the Larabton Police Court,- charged with iiicen- ' A' native woinan lias boon drowned while fish- jng'ofi tho rooks near Capo Arid, West Austra- liWi' ' "' V . _ , Efforts aro boing niade to induce the American sculler; to visit Sydney about Decern, - ber. It is oxpected lliat a prize of £1000 will be offered for a match for all-comers. _ - diarism in eonneetion with tho recent fire which destroyod the promises of Mr John Hughes,, at" Lambton (N.S. Wi). ; Tho prisoner, whose shop adjoiuod that of Hughes, wuscouiniitted for trial, bail being refused; !,,,. , ! " j At the Gisborne Police Court on Friday a. young man named' w. m'Laron'Waeiiiued'o.lor -14 days', ihiprisonmont for placing stones, ono of which was 1501bs. - weight; in the wicket: gate- itay leadihg'from the ltiddell't iOreck' raijway 'statiop,;' ' ' V-'V , ! ' At a' special meeting of tlio'Waliserid, Bpfqugli Oohiicilj' Alderman Owen,.' while Kddressing 'tho qoiiiioll,' wAs abused;- And'.violbntiy assaulted . bjf the hiayor,Iv.hq knocked . him. down among tlnj chairs. A groat, row . ensued, .and the! meeting broke up in the utmost confusion.; : , , , | 