THE LAUNCESTON EXHIBITION A. meeting of the General Committee of the proposed- Launoeaton; Exhibition. was held last 'Monday at the To'wn-Hall. ' ' \- ., The. following , gentlemen .-^woro, present -i^f, Tho'Mayor, A, Harrap, Esq.^ in, the chair,' arid Messrs. G.Hubbardi J. Briokhill, B.P.Farrelly, E. J. Sadler; H. Lette, tt'Conway, JFairthorne, W. E. Barwood, H. Evans, J. Sly, Knight, S. J. Button, S. O. Sadler, A, Webster, L. Oorrio, E. Geo, H, I. Eook, A. Wallace. Tlio Chairman read apologies for absence from the following gentlemen : — Messrs. H. Hunter, J. 'Wnlsho, A. Ooote, A. E. Wetten. hall, J. Davies, S. Smith, and A. M'Dowall. Ho then read the circular whioh had been addressed to tho members oE the General Com mittee, and added that six of them objected to tho title ' international.' He thought that everything desired would bo mot by the mo of . tho term ' industrial.' Mr. E. J. Sadler suggested that tho title of the Exhibition bo the first thing fixed. \- Mr. Wobsccr said that as a Committee they could do nothing moro than mako a suggestion for the guidance of a goneral mooting. Mr. Fnrrelly thought that a resolution would ha'vo to bo carried rescinding the former motion by which the name was fixed. Mr. Brickhjll moved, and Mr. Farrelly eeaonded, that the following gentlemen form the Bxeoutivo Committee of tho Exhibition :— Messrs. A, Douglas, W. Ritohio, A. 'Walshe, W. Hart, A. Harrap, W. Belbin (Mayor of Hobart), J. G. Davies, O. TV. Eooher, TV. Aikonhead, J. Briokhill, B. P. Farrelly, G. Hubbard, H. Edgell, W. Hartnoll, jun., O. K. Ellis, O. H. Smith, E. J. Sadler, A. Evans, S. J. Sutton, H. Conway, and F. Hart. A discussion having arisen as to the addition of more names to tho committee, Mr. Fnrrelly remarked that the members of the General. Committee had spent a week in selecting 18 names. The motion was then put and oarried unani mously. It was deoided that a General Committee, -t. meeting be hold on Friday week to reoeive a re port from the Executive Committee, Mr. Sutton being appointed convener. ' ' Mr. Farrelly producod a plan of the ground availablo at the Town Park,shewing that 100,000 square feet could be obtained without trenohing * upon the Pavilion, allowing room for amain, hall 100ft. by 26ft He added that Mr. Con way was willing to supply the necessary plans . free of ohargo. ?? ' ;.; In reply . to Mr. Letto. the Chairman stated, ' that ono of tho first itoms the Executive Com- ,, mitteo would deal with would be the name of the Exhibition. Mr. Eooke remarked. he supposed if they got £3000 from tho Government they would call the Exhibition. an intercolonial ono, and if they got £5000 they -would oall it an international one. A vote of thanks to the Chairman then closed tho meeting. ? ^^ ., _____ An American . Story. — An exchange states that a singular species of acacia is growing at Virginia, Nevada] which shows all the characteristics of a sensitive plant. Itis about 8ft. high, and growing rapidly. When the sun sots its leaves fold together and the ends of the twigs coil up like a . pigtail, and if the latter are handled there is evident uneasiness throughout the plant. Its highest state of agitation was reached when the tree was removed from the pot in which it was matured into' ',. a larger one. , , To use the gardener's expression} ''it went very' mad; i ? It -had scarcely been placed.in its new. quarters'/before the'Oleaves-' began to stand upiin'all directions,; Uke)the hair on the tail of^tf'angry^cat;-, and: soon the whole.plant was in a quiver. At the same time1 it' gave out a most sickening, and pungent, odour, resembling that of -rattle-''- Bnakes when teased.- The smell so filled the house, that it was necessary to open the i doors'and windows, and it was a full hour before' the plant calmed down and folded its leaves in peace. ' j ; ' ? . A Perilous Situation. — The lbark Athena, from Walleroo, arrived at New castle, . New South 'Wales, on May 14'last. ' She reports that on the previous Tuesday, during a heavy gale, two seamen were sent aloft to send down the upper yards. While. thus engaged the mainmast rolled, clean out of the vessel, throwing the men into the air! Roberts, one of the men, caught the rigging, 'and recovered him- '??- self, 'but ^the! other, Hyde, was thrown from the . main royal yardr arm into .therii' sea, falling on his stomach with such force that all his. clothing came off as if cut with, a knife, JEhe dingy, in charge of the. mate, and two, men, put off to rescue Hyde. at great risk, as there.was.a terrific,, . , sea Ton.' Af ter'three-'quarters 'of an hour's'- - exertion, ' Hyde! was found and hauled into the boat. His jack knife was made fast to him by,a string,; atid'this heiised in self-defence against. a large shark which' ? circled rpuna . mm, ana tne- men -in me - boat had to keep the brute off with their oafs while they dragged Hyde into the boat..-. ... ,,:?:.. ?;'.'.'.: :','.?, :?.' ?' ;? .,.' .'.i; Preservbd Fish Poisoning. — In stances of poisoning through the careless ; , soldering, of preserved fish tins have' u'ri- '' fortunately been too common, says the Queenslander ? of : May 19, and we :- have: ' been requested- to mention another case of the kind'asa warning. On Tuesday ;?) evening five members of a family partook of a tin of ' Fresh Oregon Salmon,' ... . bearing, the name of the 'Occident and Orient Company,' and a few hours after wards allof them were taken with severe .-,... , vomiting, and intense stomach and bowel ' ' ' pains, '. lasting from two to five hours. The symptoms were at time3 of an alarm ing nature, and all the sufferers had no hesitation in attributing them to the fish eaten by them. . '.-?., GHOSTS.— An attempt is being made'in the old bburitry to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many aro the wonderful Btories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' 'How do;'1 ' I, know that you are not a bit of undigested bread?' for,' of all the ghost producers, a bit of 'heavy 'bread is the most potent. It is a wonder, therefore, that people do not adopt tho surest spell againBt ghosts by using Borwiok'a Gold Modal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't1*' raise ^ghosts,'-, it f.iUfr raise bread' in ttie moat 'admirable' fashion. 1 Every .wise storekeeper has it by him, and every good housewife buys it. . . . ; ..-.; .')i t.or.:t?].wt. 'i-'i i'i .y.tC'.U-.tiUVJ'.v.tliQj . :. 