When Messrs. Morris and Itankon vrora charged with tho duty of discovering a land policy for the Government, it waB officially announced that within four or Gve weeks the whole thing would be done. The Minister was evidently coo sanguine in supposing tnnt a task of such magnitndo could bo accom plished in so short a time. Four weeks have already passed, and the probability is that four months will follow them before anything is heard of tho anxiously oxpeoted roport. Mr. Farnell, ou a recent occasion, denied that these gentlemen had been inatruoted to " report." They were, he said, only autho rised to compile certain statistics for the ! guidance of tho Minister. In this, however, .j he mnst havo been mistaken, for we | have before ns a copy of tho official i " memorandum iu reference to the materials ! ".which Messrs. Morris and Ilanken aro col- j 'Meeting for their report." This paper was I presented to Parliament on the 18th of ! January, by tho Minister for Lands, and may therefore be taken nH authentic. Hero it is not only stated in definite torms that they aro to " report," but tho material on which the roport shall be founded is categorically, if ! not clearly, set- ont. And it shows, not that ' statistics aro to be compiled for the nso of : other persous, but that the information fur- 1 nished by district surveyors and others " will " bo treated confidentially by the gaiiUcaieu " conducting the inquiry, aud that tlie source " from which it is derived will in no oasa bo "disclosed." It is clear, therefore, that Messrs. Morris and Raukon not only have an important dnty to perform, bnt that they are intrusted with information which will be available neither to tlie Government nor to the Assembly. They are not only to roport to the Government on the land laws of the colony, but their report is to be based on " confidential " information obtained from the Geological Sorveyor, tho Government Astro nomer, tho Inspector of Live Stock, and all the district surveyors in the colony. The whole of the reports from these officers are to be filtered through the minds of Messrs. Morris and Iianken, and nobody iB to know, or to have the means of ascertaining whether the conclnsionB arrived at by tho Commis sioners are jnBtified by the facts on which they are founded. Under the circumstances, how can we expect the report to exercise any inflnence whatever upon the minds of hon. members, or to be anything moro than a reflex of the opinions of the gentlemen who compile it 7 And this brings ns to tho consideration of the qnestion as to whether the opioions of these gentlemen are not already known. In the current nnmber of the Sydney Uni versity Review we find an article on the futnro settlement of the interior, over the signature of " Caprieornus," the well-known nom de plume of Mr. Rankon, and it oc curred to ub that instead of waiting for the official report wo might gather from this paper what Mr. Ranken's opinions are, and what he, in conjunction with his brother Com missioner, is likely to recommend us the basis of tbo fntnrc land laws of tho colony. Mr. Ranken can scarcely promulgate one set of opinions for the University Review and another for the Government, and wo may therefore assame that what ho recommondsin the one caBO he will endorse in the other. In tho first place he is, as might be expected from his appointment, a determined oppo nent of the principle of free selection before survey. That being the law in New South Wales and Victoria, Mr, Rankon soys " It " would be hopeless to attempt to ponrtray " adequately the vice and imbecility of the " land policy pursued by both, or to describe " the complete failure in every direction that " has followed their legislative efforts." Wo are not enamonrcd of tho land laws of this colony ourselves ; but when a gentleman who haB been specially commissioned to advise the Government as to the working of the land laws anticipates his report by such sweep ing and insulting iangnago as this, he is hardly likely to command the confidence of the House either on his wisdom as a Com missioner, or his impartiality as a judge. The worst enemies of Sir John Robertson's Land Act admit that it has done a vast amount of good in its time ; that it opened tho lands of tho colony to tho people when there was no settlement and no possibility of settlement without it ; and that in many districts thriving and prosperous people owe their suc cess to the liberal pro7isions of the Land Act of 1SG1. In tbo opinion of Mr. Ranken, however, this law was nothing less than the incarnation of " vice and imbecility," and tho author, wo presume, was the imbecile. Plain speaking is unquestionably a virtue, and is good in this ense as showing tho strong bias in the mind of Mr Ranken, and proving his utter unfitness for tho duty ha is called npon to discharge. Seeing that the information on which he is to base his report is to be " treated confidentially," and that " tho " source from which it is derived will in no " caso be disclosed," tho Commissioner will have a magnificent field for the enlargement of his views on the imbecility of Parliament for the past two-and- twenty years. But as lion, members may prefer to read the Com missioner's opinion of them in hiB own words, wo print the following extract from his article in tho Review : — While faction and political corruption find a field for their profitable exercise so congenial ; while the Crown lnnd9can be sold, and mouey can be borrowed, tbo electors will, through their representatives, continue to scramble for the proceeds, and a Ministry that provides ample mefcns will always command a majority of votes. A legislature so constituted wants neither a sound land policy nor a responsible scheme of local government. The existing con fusion and discord pay parliamentary agents and lawyeiH much better than honest politics. Nothing less than a shock that will empty the Treasury, stop the influx of English money, and arrest the land sales, will clear the way for a reform of our land system, Until this " shock" occurs wa must, accord ing to Mr. Ranken, regard Parliament not merely as incapable, but as mercenary and corrupt. So much for Mr. Ranken's estimate of tho law and tho lawmakers. Now for his opinion in respect to tho reforms which ought to'be effected. Arguing his case, he soys : — All this points to such an absolute tenure ns will provide ndequatc security for the outlay of capital, and will at the sainctime stimulate to the utmost the energies of thu settler. There is one tenure that sup plies these requisites, nnd thnt is the tenure which can be granted only under a general policy of free hold settlement. Grazing operations an never be conducted to such purpose as under euch a title. . . . Let the grazing freehold, say of 10,000 acres, procurable under easy conditions, and guarded by reasonable restrictions, be adopted as the stand ard unit of a new policy. This gentleman, who openly advocates the aggregation of largo estates, and whoso opinions have all along bean well known, ia the person chosen, along with Mr. Morrle, by the Government to submit a report on which to base tho land law of the future ! And these 1G,000 acre blocks aro not only to be parted with for ever, but they are to be " procurable under " easy conditions." Agriculture, according to Mr. Ranken, is quite n mistake. The j selector has no business to cumber the j earth with his presence. The country is fit for grazing and for nothing else, and therefore the grazier is to havo a freehold tenure. There can be no doubt thnt Mr. Ranken's policy would put a stop to the war that is going on between the j selector and the sqnatter, but we havo some j doubt, and wo believe Parliament will be ; equally sceptical, whatever the Government i may think, about the wisdom of anni hilating the selector, and handing over the spoils to tho Grown lessee. Tho fact that yesterday was the thirty- second anniversary of the discovery of gold in Australia is suggestive of many varied reflections. Those who reaided in Sydney at that period well remember how the gold discovery in California had drawn away a ! large portion of our enterprising youth, and j that tho colony was rapidly retrograding, j House and landed property had fallen to a ' very low price, and indeed was almost un salable. Wages were low, employment of any kind was scarce, and business was at a standstill. The depression was shared in by the neighbouring colonies, though in Victoria there were rumours of the existence of gold, which kept up a little feverish excitement. The magician who changed ail that, as if by a stroke of a wand, was Mr, Edward Hammond Hargraves, an intelligent, wcll- iuformed man, and keen observer, with a smattering of geological and mineralogical knowledge. Ho had been ongagod on a station in the country, in the vicinity of i Bathnrst-, nnd took some interest in observ ing its peculiar geological formation, but with no idea that it indicated gold. Seeing thnt a Government geologist had been for some years traversing the country, mapping out the different districts, and that the Rev. W. B. Clarko, a geologist of great ability and zeal, was in the habit of travelling over it, and yet no gold had been discovered, it was not likely that Mr. Hargraves should i have fonnd it out from mere study. He, j howover, was fortunately seized with tho pre- j vnlent mania, nnd went to the Oaliforaiau 1 goldfields. As soon aj he sa.v and became acq uaintcd with them, he came to tho conclusion tibat he had left behind him in New South Wales goldfields as rich and as ' extensive as those' of the American Eldorado. He did not waste his time by staying to mate a pile at the Sacramento, but hurried back to Sydney on his great mission, inspired with ; the conviction that be was to bo the means of ; inaugurating a new era of prosperity for New South Wales, nnd for Australia. How like a j tale of romance it reads! He communicates his | convictions to a few friends, most of whom ! thought him crazy on the subject, and he then, along with two companions, starts right off for the place where he was certain that gold existed. At Lewis's Ponds Creek, the bed of which was then dry, ho found a likely spot, and here, with a trowel clearing away the sand and gravel on the top, he dug up some of the stratum of loam, clay, and pebbles, constituting the alluvial washing stuff, and washed it in a prospeoting tin dish. The result was several good prospects of fine scaly gold. He thereupon made a me morandum of the discovery of gold in allu vium, at Lewis's Ponds Greek, on the 12th of February, 1S51, adding the appropriate remark, " This is a meraornblo day iu the " history of New South Wales." Everyone knows how trne that remark proved to be. Subsequent prospects with better appliances revealed the existence of gold in great quanti ties, and Mr. HargraveB made known his discovery to the Government, acoepting their terms that the remuneration should " depend npon the nature and value of " Ihe discovery when made known." Those who resided in the colony at tho time, who are still living, will remember the nn- paralieled excitement that ensued upon the announcement of tho discovery of gold. It is hardly any exaggeration to say that the greater portion of the male population of the colony went off to the " diggings " during the next few months. Fresh discovorieB of gold followed in rapid succession. Summerhill Creek, Ophir, tho Turon, Lonisn, Meroo, T'ambaroora, Major's nnd Bell's Greeks, ifcc., &c.;, became houiiehoid words. Gold was sent to Sydney in large quantities, and population came pouring in from all quarters. Tho impetus given to the prosperity of tho colony has continned ever since, though other sources of wealth have been doveloped as well as our gold deposits. An accurate and graphic description of the events imme diately following the discovery of gold would form a very interesting chnpter in tho history of the colony, and perhaps it may yet bo written, although so much time has elapsed that most of the actors in them havo passed away. Air. Hargraves himself is, however, still with us, hale and hearty, receiving well- merited congratulations on each anniversary of the discovery of gold in Australia. Air. Redmond, ALP., and iris brother arc on a visit to tlie colonies, avowedly with tlio intent of collecting money for tlio Irish National League, which is intended to supersede the Land League. Wo may very fairly conclude, from tlie telegraphic rcpoi t of Air. Redmond's speech delivered in Adelaide, that tlie National League is simply tho Land League under another name. In this free country — or in England, bitterly abused as it is by Air. Red mond — be lias wiiolesnlo liberty to collect as much money as peoplo feel disposed to give. It is, says lie, English provocation that has produced Irish crime. Tlie plntform of tho League, said lie, included national self-govern ment. It proposed calling upon the State to " advance tho whole money for tenants to pur- " chase their holdings, tho same to be repaid in " yearly instalments of 3 per cent, for G3 " yours." What wo should be very glad to bo informed is, why Australian subscriptions aro required for such a purpose? Wo are not going to argue the question whether England Iras always been just to Ireland. English farmers and cottagers havo had to bear a groat deal that they might reasonably havo grumbled against. Tho Highlander in Scotland, supping his thin porridge, i-in his small and not always weather- proof hut, has had quite as much to complain of as tho Irishman in his cabin, with his potatoo patch at the back. The Continental peasant, who lives on black bread, and really does work bard, lias had far morn. Doubtless thore is considerable room for ameliorations in tlio condition of all these people. Bnt what wo in Australia ought to ! know, before we contribute towards the sub scription lists of the Afessrs. Redmond, is, what is to be done with tho money, and what guarantee is there that it will not bo used for unlawful and seditious purposes ? Despite tlie : Alessrs. Redmond, tlio Irish tenant farmer is able, by the force of law, to make better terms with his landlord than any English or Scottish farmer. If it were urged that tlie irisli peasant or labourer is, us a rule, in a worse position than a farm labourer in either England or Scotland, wo should not be prepared to dispute tho proposition. We are not going to argue with Air Redmond about the "imperishable rights of Ireland," or whether England can or cannot, " in the very " nature of things, make Ireland a part of hcr- " self." She has made people in every ciimo under tho sun part of herself. licr magnanimity and justice were boasted of by Arabi Bey on tlio sands of the Egyptian deserts. If one of the Alessrs. Redmond should visit Sydney, there can be no doubt of the hospitality of the reception that would be accorded. Notwithstanding, if tlie mission be to sow dissension in the midst of a free, united, and happy peoplo, it will ho a mistake to bo botii regretted and deprecated. Tlie Australian feeling towards tho Iiisli peoplo was shown when, during tlie famine, tlio com mittee reported tlio continued receipts of largo sums of money — from whence, and whom to thank, no one knew, except that it was re mitted without charge through Australian banks. If the subscriptions now sought vvero in the sacred name of charity, tho larger they should bo the better would every right-thinking man he pleased. But if they aro to be em ployed iu encouraging the miserable and mur derous system that has desolated tlio land, and made it a reproach amongst tho nations of tho earth, tho smaller in amount they are, the moro will it be to tho credit of tho honour, the good sense, and right feeling of tho people of Australia. Tlio meeting called Inst night to take means for making a presentation to Archbishop Vaughnn was a success so far as tho object of tlie meeting was concerned, for tlie Catholics of Sydney, who mustered so largely in tho Alasonic Hall, showed at once and practically that tlie presentation they intend to make tlio local princo of their Church will bo a most sub stantial one. And wo do not think that anyone just at present will feol inclined to hesitate in wishing tho Archbishop "bon voyage." This is not a time to point to tlio mistakes ho has mado, hut to recogniso the fact that one, who for 10 years has been an important political factor in the community, is about to leave that com munity for twelve months. Tlio country owes it to his pcrfervid and not invariably judicious action on the education question that Sir Henry Parkes was ablo to pass tho present Public In struction Act, and that tho Into Parliament was rather remarkable for tho nbsonco of Roman Catholic members. But as a man, gifted physically and inontully by nature in a liberal manner witli those attri butes which are hound to make their mark in society, Archbishop Vaughon lias been so prominont in our public and political life that, outside tho position which ho occupies as a dignitary of a great Church, his departure for a timo from amongst us is an event of soino importance. And it will not bo surprising if peoplo outsido liis own Church, and peoplo who havo differed from him, unit now differ from him diaraotricaliy on many matters, will yet, in recognition of tho fact that ho is a leader of men, join his flock in presenting him with such a substantial token of goodwill that, as Mr. O'Connor put it at tlio meeting last night, ho will bo able at no cost to himself to travel in a stylo befitting his position. Tlio betting fraternity have had a narrow sliavo of summary extinction ; and perhaps some people will be found to regret thut the enterprising police inspector who took pro ceedings recently before Air. Buchanan, 8. At., against Hugh Thompson, a bookmaker and dealer, failed in tlie endeavour to bring him within tlio clutches of a very serviceable Act of Parliament, entitled " An Act for the moro "effectual prevention of V agrancy and for tho "punishment of idle and .disorderly Iorsons " Rogues and Vagabonds and corrigible Rogues " in the Colony of New South AVales. ' Thomp son was charged (under section 2) with having " insufficient lawful means of support, and, according to tho Act, was requl. "eil 1 S1)'".0 a good account of his means, to tlrs satisfaction of the magistrate. Ho showed thi at he had a balanco at his banker's of ,£85. and L V1' noarly £1000 had paBoed through his lunitt 1 m t-'10 last two years, during which timo iru -,wus ex ercising liis profession of a bookmaket. -l'10 learned stipendiary magistrate, howover, w. as by no moans satisfied with this account, opining. "in' though £85 was obviously sufficient to enab. 0 him to keep up the position of a virtuout ' citizen, still, since tlio business by which ho had rnado his money — namely, bookmaking — was immoral, he was rightly charged under ttic Vagrancy Act, and would have to go to gaol for three months as a roguo and vagabond. Thompson appealed to the Quarter Sessions on 6overul technical grounds, tlio gist of his con tention being that lie had shown himself to bo possessed of "sufficient lawful menns of Bup- " port," or, in other words, that bookmaking was not an unlawful occupation. Judge Docker, this morning, upheld tho appeal, and quashed the conviction, so that bookmakers may breathe freely again. But their livelihood is a precarious one, and the Legislature, which has already considered it " expedient to suppress betting " houses, and to make other provision for "mitigating, as far as possible, tho mischief " resulting from tho facility and publicity now "afforded to betting" (Betting Houses Act, 1870), and has refused to sanction the intro duction of the total isator, may at any time, in a fit of virtuous indignation, sweep tli em into the category of rogues and vagabonds. 1 meeting of the Cabinet, which lasted uutil hali-past -1 o'clock, wbb held yesterday afternoon. It is imnourcd that the Government are con sidering the advisableness of yielding to tlie ex pressed wish of Parliament on the question of abolition of fees in 6tate schools, and it is possible that an intimation will be made that next session a short Act will be intrcdnced to effect the desired purpoEC. The Hon. the Minister for Puhlic AYorksi having, in connection with .Saturday's tram acci dent, suspended tho driver of the motor and the pointsman, an inquiry into the cause of the accident wns commenced yesterday, anu will be renewed at 10 o'clock this morning. The Colonial Secretary has received a telegram stating that the Ellora left London for Sydney on the 9th instant, with immigrants numbered as 352 statute adultB. The meeting at the Alasonic Hall last night to take stcpB for making a presentation to ArchbiBhop Vaughnn on the occasion of his departure from tho colony, on a year's visit to England aud Europe, was mott enthusiastic. The chair was taken by Air Justice Faucett, in the absence of Sir Patrick Jennings, who had met with nn accident, and tho meeting was addressed by several speaker?, nf:or which subscriptions to the amount of nearly £600 were bauded in, and an influential committee ap pointed, A report appears in another column. We regret to learn that Sir Patrick Jennings A3,P„ met with nn accident about a week ago, which will preveut him attending to hi3 public duties for some timo, Sir Patrick was at a picnic at BotaDy, nod was assisting Eorne ladies to land from a boat, when he slipped and sprained liis right leg near the ankle. lie has been com pelled to lay up, and has suffered considerable pain. He wis consequently unable to attend the meeting in reference to Archbishop Vaughan's de parture, at the Masonic Hal), last night. According to the Registrar-General, the esti mated population of tho colony on 31st December last was 4-19,3 12 males, 3fiS,12U females ; total, 3 17,4 OS. Among these there were 15,234 births and 25,110 arrivals by sea, Tho deaths amounted to 6041, and the departures by sea 11,212. The increase during the half year was 11,150 males aud S935 females, The male arrivals by sen, of whom 552 were Chinese, exceeded the females by 9902 ; the males born exceeded the females by 118 ; the deaths of males over those of females were 113, and the departures by tea ot males, including 516 Chinese, over those of females, were 0710. The figures of bin lis and deaths may be slightly altered after the returns are finally examined, Dr A. H. Neil!, superintendent of lunatic asy lums in New Zealand, is now on a visit to New Souih Wiles with the object of inspecting the in stitutions lbr the care of the insane in this country. Ur .Manning, our inspector of lunatic asylum?, has been instructed to give Dr Neill all possible facilities for attaining the objects of his micsion. A meeting of the Municipal Council of Sydney will be held at the Town Hall, at 11 a.m. to-day. The business is not of a very important character, and among the motions submitted are the follow ing :— By Alderman Taylor— " That from the 1st of March next the charge for the use of water by meter be 1s 6d per 1000 gallons." By Alderman Kippax— " That the appointment of Mr Hugh Gordon as inspector of the metropolitan cattle sale- yards, as reported to the Council by his Worship the Mayor on the 31st October, 1882, be, and the same is hereby confirmed." The mails received vin San Francisco, per P.M, 3, Australia, consisted of 198 bags and paekets, exclusive of 52 sealed mails for other colonies, col lected as follows : — From Fiji, 131 letters, 8 backs, | 132 newspapers ; Honolulu, 20 i letters, 9fi news- : papers ; ban Francisco, 3487 letters, 7150 news- ' papers ; London, 25,227 letters, 7531 books, 14 151 newspapeis ; from New Zealand, 1338 letters, fi'J books, 911 newspapers. Total, 39,450 letters, ( 7011 books, 23,070 newspapers. The Presbytery of Sydney will meet in St. Andrew's Church this eveninn at 0.30. Business : Commission?, Reasons of diirrnt by G. Ai'lnnes and other?, H. M'Cready's motion re Church ex- tension, P. F. M'Kenzio's request for extract?, appointment of trustees for property nt Waver'.ey. sanction of trustees for property at North Share, appointment of members to committee of s.-kc- tion, nomiuntion of members to Elanding com- mittees, ordination trials of Rev. W. B. Murray, petition oi ceiLain members and adherents of Pyrmont, congregation n- sale of church property, petition -re formation of a Presbytery of ti.e Clarence, reports on church prepcuici, Prcshj- terial certificate to liev. Thos. liill, appointment of special meeting before assembly. Mr Rainford, of the Cambridge Club Hotel, has on view a splendid specimen of the luminous fungus, picked from Hyde Park. The plant is about 12 inches in diameter and deeply serrated. Though picked on Sunday it still emits enough light to enable one to read a newspaper. Though the sight is a novel one in Sydney, it is said that the colonial boys a few years ago used to gather them in profusion for sport. Chambers speaks of remarkable phosphorescent fungi in German mines, and the Agaricus Gardneri, growing on plains in Brazil, extremely luminous ; but we have not heard of this Australian species of fungus from naturaliats. A meeting of the Marine Board was hold yester- day. Captain Hixson presided. The inquiry into the circumstances of the collision between the Nautilus and Utility was resumed. Several wit- nesses were examined, and the board decided that the collision was brought about in consequence of the default of the engineer of the Nautilus, in de- serting his station at the starting-bar, and thereby preventing the master from stopping, as he was bound to do under the conditions of the 16th article of the regulations for preventing collisions at sea. The said engineer was called on to appear before the board on Monday next, the 19th inst., to show cause why his certificate should not be cancelled or suspended. In consequence of the length of the preceding case, the inquiry into the loss of the tug Francis Hixson, on the Richmond River bar, was postponed till Thursday, the 15th instant. The hiiing of married couples and single men immigrants by the Euterpe, at Fort Macqnario yesterday, was aB successful ns on previous occa sions, tho demand being more than equal to tlie supply. Many showed a disinclination to leave the city. On the afternoon previous a number of those who arrived by tho Euterpe nnd Duchcis of Argyle were sent up oountry, and the same thing transpired yesterday. Muny left by ticket to their friends in the country, unci a largo number went to fulfil engagements previously made, A shocking case of brutality came boforo the Central l'olicc Court, before Mr Dillon, yesterday, A costermonger named J«e. Johnston, at in Stein, after being fined 20?, or soveu duys for being drunk and disorderly, wns chnrged with assaulting John William 'J'wynam on Satur day evening. Stoin was selling fruit in .Sussex- Btreet, when the prosecutor aud his son bought some from him. These were soon after missing, and on the lad looking into Stein's basket he found them there. Twynam Lho older demanded them back, bnt the hawker refused to give them up, and stiut-k the lad to the ground. l'ro?ecutor then naturally went to the defence of his son, and stiuck Stein, who immediately tackled Twynam, clung to him, and bit him Iseverely on the neck and legs, worrying him ns a dog would a hare. In court the marks of the brutal fellow's teeth were plainly visible on Twy nam, and the prisoner was sentenced to two months' imprisonment, with two months additional for damaging prosecutor's trousers. , Stein, on former occasious, had been imprisoned for biting t-lf one man's ear and another man's nose, and lie was described by the constable "as a dreadful fellow, who would eat a man." There wns a very largo attendance of ladies and gentUmen at Ihe meeting of the School of Arts Debating Club yesterday evening. Mr J. 1». G and on occupied the chair, nnd the question sub mitted was — "That the elcctornl suffrage should he extended to women." Alessrs W. RichnrdBou R. Bice, W, R. Beaver, and J. Woods supported tho motion, which was opposed by Alessrs "W. B Christie, A. J. Smith, William Fairland, W, Sted- tlnrt, and J. Hodgson. On the motion of Mr B, Atkinson Price, the debate was adjourned. At the Water Police Court yesterdny, 5ir Buchanan, S.M., presided on the chnrge, and Air Alnreli, S.M., on the summons side, William Hopkins, chnrged with having stolen n hook, of the value of -10s, from William Cnlply, was sentenced to one month's im prisonment, with hnrd labour. Anton Rother- ingo pleaded guilty to having wilfully damaged a boatsail, the property of Martin Foley, and was fined £1, or, in default, seven days. Jane Alarsball, servant, pleaded guilty to having stolen two night- dresses from M. AI. Cheney, and was sentenced to i i)bree months' imprisonment, , On Friday afternoon Air W. T. Pinbey, J.P., held a om fisteiial inquiry relative to the death of the man John Raillie, who met his death in a few inches of wak 'r !n 8 oo board the steamer Barraboo', from Ai 'elhourne. During tho passage, in conse- quince o f lIle Yiolcnt behaviour of the deceased, the captain oi 'dered him to be confined in the bath room, and . 8 man was placed aB a guard over liim. However, at ' the vessel was entering the Heads early on Friday nit woing, the attention of the man who was watching . film momentarily diverted, and on coming back - found that the prisoner had been smothered 'n Lbo bath, i iq a few inches of water, by a cover falling over him. The finding of the jury was th. "t death was the result of euffo. cation, but whethei 'accidentally or otherwise there was no evidence to s "CK-- The following is the . mpari of the Sydney Hospital for the week ended 10th February, 1883 : — Admitted, 35males, 18 females, tot. \'r , I discharged, 31 males, 13 females, total, 47 ; diet 'A ma'e?, i female ; total, 0 ; remaining, 1C9 males, 7. ' females, total, 248, The following is the rep ortof the Prince Alfred Hospital for tbo week endin, S 11th February, 1883:— Number of in-patienta at la report, (15 males, 27 females, total 92 ; since admit! edr 4® males, 0 females, total 1C ; discharged, 15 malei 'r 4 females, total 19 ; died, 2 males, total 2 ; remainin. " >n Hospital on lith February, 1883, 58 males, 29 fern yC? ; total, 87. Air John Johnson, late of A lelbourne, intimates thnt he is about to open at 23i, George-street, near Bridge-street, a restaurant of sup erior style to any- tiling of the kind as yet in Syd. ley- 'The dining- room ou the ground floor is the I argest (being 190 feet long by 30 feet wide) in Sydney, and fitted up in a style second to none in Atrstralia. Presuming the cuisine department to ho in keeping l 'ith the magni tude and style of the fittings, it au-gx ss well for Mr Johnson's success. Air W. Denton will begin his last cry-, so of lectnros at the Alasonic Hall to-night, To-nighi he treats of the " Battle of tho books, or the Bible r,a t science," In our notice in yesterday's i?sue of el anniver sary of the discovery of gold, it was staA :d that Mr Hargraves went to "Gulgong," v.-here- . he had a cradle constructed. It should have been " Guyong." 