« DEJR miLKONIG.' By Maubioe J. Blount. Pretty Annie Weston had just .finished that lovely song Der Erlkonig.' Tho ' Thank Yous' and ' 0 how L 'volys ' had been murmured in the tones of rapturo usual on suoh occasions, and had beon moro or less blushingly received, when somehow, by one of those Btrange turns' which no one can account for,' tho 'conversation drifted to tho subjeot of Imagination and the effeot it has on actions, and from that to Conscience. Thero wero a dozen of us in tho room, a friend and myself staying with Mr. Weston, a few ladies and gontlemon who had just dropped in to spend the evening, and tho family. The disoussion became general, and every one had. some opinion to advance. As tho siibjeots are necessarily vaguo, in about ten minutes we had exhausted all we did know, about them ; and then, as somebody says, wo soared into tho frco and boundless realm of what wo did not know. ' We argued high, wo argued low ; wo also argued round about us,' and lis ovory ono hnd a different i licory on the question in hand, and tho ones with tho moBt nnroasonablo idea wero tho most vehement in expressing thom, we woro very far from arriving at a satisfactory conclusion. At last after many arguments on all sides, Will Smith was demonstrating foroibly to his own very evident satisfaction that imagina tion is nothing in tho world but disordered digestion, and conscience synonymous with inaetivolivor, and that a judicious course of exerciso, vichy water, abstinence from tea and othor exciting beverages, would enable a man to walk through a graveyard at mid night without taking a cow for a ghost — tho advantago of which is obvious— or enable him to run a man through, rob a bank, misma nage railways, or break tho whole decalogue without foeling any of thoso uncomfortable prickings known us. the pangs of conscience, tlio advantages to' which, to the world at largo, aro not quito so obvious. . Just then old Mr. Linton, who had listened with an attention vory flattering to tho speakers, drew his chair forward from the corner whero ho had boon sitting quietly all tho evening, and .said: — 'I am sorry that I oannot agree with you, Mr. Smith. I am an old man now. perhaps if I had beon born in an ' advanced ago ' an advantage whioli you possess, I might have held your views, but as it is I am old-fashioned enough to be lieve that consoicnco has been divinely im planted in our breasts for our guidance, and that imagination is a distinctive faculty of mind or brain — it is difficult to determine which— capable of greatly ennobling us if it is properly regulated. But in the regulation of it lies the difficulty. Tho song Annio sang a littlo whilo ago, and tho recent conversation, call to any remembrance a rather peculiar incident which has somo bearing ? on tho subjeot that we have all been speaking about. I say it is peculiar hot because thero is any thing very strango about it, but beoause it is uncommon. I think I hoard of a similar ease before, but this is tho only one that came under my own observation.' The old gentleman paused, and amid mur murs of 'go on please,' he continued : 'Eight years ago when I was living at ?Berunga I was a magistrate, thoro. My surgery and dispensary wore in the township, but our dwelling-house, which had plenty of land attached, was on the Sandhurst road, about two miles and a half from Berunga. I generally returned home about six, and my son who was my partner, re mained at the surgery. I had just comehome one evening, and was dressing for dinner, when the door-bell rang, and Jane, the house maid, informed me that a gentleman wished to speak to me. ' Somo patient,' I thought, ' who will ex patiate on his symptoms, ad nauseam. I wish people would not como at dinner-time. However, thero is no help for it.'! Then aloud to tlio girl : » ' Tell your mistress not to wait dinner for me, and show the gentleman into tho parlor/' In a few minutes I entered tho room where I had told Jane to show the stranger; ' I have not the pleasure — ' I began, a3 he rose on my entrance. ' My name is Henry Harper,' said ho quietly, then earnestly and impetuously— ' You are a magistrate?' '' I bowed and waited, feeling very uncom fortable, for Mr.' Henry Harper was a strange looking man of about five and thirty, very tall, very thin, deadly palo, with dark hair and unpleasantly piercing black eyes. ' You must think it very strange, sir,' he said, ' but I cannot— I will not offer any .apologies. I did not come hero of my own free will. I was impelled to it, driven to it by that which haunts me night and day, waking, sleeping when I can Bleep, every where I go and in everything I do. I hear it now. Oh, God, my punishment is more than I can bear 1 ' He nearly shrieked out tho last words, and covering his face with his hands — ' You must hear the voice,' said he, ' it is louder than the roar of thunder.' My face must have betrayed my very strong doubts as to his sanity, for he said quietly, almost sadly : ' You think that I am mad. I am not. I sometimes wish I were, then at intervals I should believe that the sounds which haunt me are unreal, but no, . I am not mad, and I shall hear them till I dio. I have come to you, as a magistrate, to make a confession, in the hopes of obtaining peace from Heaven, and enjoying a moment's respite from the horror that hangs over my life.' Here he spoke quite collectedly, and not at all liko a madman. 'You look ill ; let mo feel your pulse. I am a dootor,' said I. He did look ill, very ill. I felt his pulse. It was perfectly regular and normal, not at all foverish. His hand was very cold,- but not unnaturally so ; his eyes, too, though so peculiar and piercing, had nothing of that wild, shifty and uncertain gaze of a madman. Tliey were merely the eyes of a person suffering great mental anxiety. In his whole bearing, however, there was a most extraordinary expression, one that I nover — never saw beforo orsince, and which I could not define for some time. As he turned his head whilo the hall clock, a veryloud one, struck seven, the attitude gave me a key to the expression, it was that of listening , never ceasing listening, as if every limb and muscle and nerve wero employed in it continually. Tho whole expression of face And body was a concentration of tho power of all-absorbing listening. But as far as my medical experience could show, ho was sane enough. However, I heartily wished-that ho would make haste with what he had to Bay, and go. I felt I oould speed this parting guest with a great deal of pleasure. Although I was anything but an imagina tive man — rather matter-of-faot than other wise — I felt there was, as the Scotoh say, something ' unoanny ' about my visitor. Ho went on. ' It was an evil day that I over loft England. I was an only son. My father and_ I quar relled so violently that I left home that night, and England the next day. This was ton years ago. My poor mother, it broke hor heart. I lulled her with my violence and evil temper. I stabbed her to tho heart as certainly as though I had used a weapon. I landed in Melbourne, and as the gold fover was still lingering about, I joinod several others who were going to tho Berunga ' rush.' In tho courso of a fow months thoso with whom I had originally como to Berunga all left, and I sottled do.vn with a young fellow whose acquaintance I formed thero. He seemed to bo quito alone. So was I. And mutually attraoted, wo beoamo ' mateB.' Frank Glynn was a handsome fellow, and so amiable and clover, I never could under dorstand why he remained hidden at Berunga. I suppose it was family disagreements. Ho had a splendid voice, and, what was rather strango in those days and in suoh a place, it was neany always ucrman songs lie sang — All, I loved him then I' My visitor had tiken a seat whilo saying this, and spoke in such a contained, self possessed way, and as thero seemed to be nothing very startling in what he was telling, I settled down half expeoting to hear rather a prosy story; but still tho listening — tho in tensely listening air, tho , earnest biaok eyes, and the ghastliness of the face seemed at variance with the calm voice,' and mado me feel nervous every time I looked at him. Suddenly he started up, and continued ex oitedly thiB time : — ' I must hasten. It is driving mo on. Ah, if I could but close my ears and brain for ono moment 1' ' I hour nothing,' said I ; ' the ni;(ht'is vory still, and the houso is quiet;' 'No ono but a cursod wretch like me.oan hear it;' ho said. ' I hear it always, perhaps if ydu had taken nnotlier's life you would hear something liko it too, but pray Heaven you nevor may. Frank Glynn and I wero luoky, and going to loavo Berunga. He had never liked it, and I had come to .loathe tho place. ? . ' , Wo wero going to start very early one morn ing, walk to Sandhurst, and catch the even ing coach. It was not far, five and twenty miles. '? . Wo spent our last evening at' Clarko's. Jom Clarko was tho keepor of tho little store. Ho had a daughter so handsomo, so made to be loved that I cannot think di hor oalmly now. Her father had left England thinking to make a fortune quiokly out here, and had brought his daughter with him. She was woll educated, and could sing like an angol. Frank often went to thoir placo in' the evonings, and whilo she sang he accompanied her on tho violin, or joined her in what she was singing. I went too sometimes, hut not often. It maddened me to see them together. I even hated to hear them sing, lovoly as their voices were. Frank Glynn loved her, so did I. I did moro, I worshipped her, rovoronced her, I do so now, but I began by degrees to liato him. Strango, that ' love of one person should make us hate another. That last evening thoy sang together, and I saw that she cared for him above everyone elso in' the world'. They sang on, saying it would ba thoir last evening for a long time, but I heard Frank whisper ' I will be back again soon, and then ? ' I could not hear tho rest. But I saw her look happy, and she smiled so brightly at his words that for a mo ment I nearly hated her, Tho last song thoy sang was ' Der Erlkonig,' the favorite with both of thom. They sang it as if their souls were in it. Wo wished Mr. and Mrs. Clarko and Nellie ' good bye, ' and told them they need not expect to seo us again boforo we loft as wo were going vory early in the morning, boforo anyone else was stirring. . ' You are going early,' said Mrs. Clarko. 'Yes,' replied Frank, 'we wish; to get well on our journey before tho heat of the day commences.' : 'A very good plan, ' said she; and then we wished good night, and ' Good byes ' again. - ' ' ' ' Good bye, Mrs. Clarke, you will hear from me soon, ' shouted Frank in a tone intended for tho ears of Nellie, who stood in the back ground. ! We walked on silently, our way was a track through deserted claims. Our hut was, for the whole district has altered very little, near where your house now stands. It was rather a dark night, the moon was in her second quarter, but the sky was so overcast that her light was scarcely visible. We walked on Blowly and oautiously, for there were abandoned shafts on each side of us, that wo might very easily walk 'into; and silently because ho was thinking of tho girl ho loved, and because I would not trust my self to speak. I loved her so, and hated him beoause he did so too and' sho retuned it. ' The fow words we did speak wore hot plea sant ones, for I determined to quarrel with him, and a man determined to pick a quarrel can always find somo pretext ready. At last as we neared our hut, the rage and jealousy burst forth, words ' ran fast and fu rious, I cursed him, then came a calm — the lull in a storm. ; He, as if unconsciously, began to hum ,the last few bars of 'Dor Erlkonig.' Oh un happy chance ! the sound angered mo; reused the worst passions in my nature, and reoalled1 so vividly the sight of her face as she looked while singing that, looked with eyes full of Ibve and admiration for him. I think some demon must have possessed me, I am sure a man in his right mirid could not havo done as I did. I must havo' been mad then, though I am not now. I do not know what I said, but I struck him I struck him down 1 coward and madman that I was, and he foil. Wo had been standing, and the fact had been quite unnoticed by either of us, on the brink of an old and very deep shaft, down which it would be certain death to fall. He fell,- ho was stunned, and for one moment the. moon shone out to show me the white face and 61enclied hands. He fell. : Some earth that his fall had loosened, fell to the bottom with a light sprinkling sound, then a stone or two, with a sharp, quick noise, then the dull heavy thuil which sounded so dead that it made my- heart stop. It must have been a deep shaft, as deep as tho bottomless pit I think, for years seemed to pass between tho first sound of the gravel, then tho stones, then the body. All the horrors of my posi tion, all tho greatness of my prime came before me a hundred times, and eaoh time moro in tensely than before, in thoso intervals, till my brain and heart seemed filled with burning blood. As the echo died away I fled from the spot, fled with the brand of Cain on my brow, and as if the ' Avenger of blood' were at my heels. At I fled I heard a sound, as first very faint, like the, echo of an- echo, then louder till it swelled into a shout. Was it madness ? Was I guiltless ? Had I dreamt the sight of that ghastly face, and . that awful falling sound ? Was he alive ? The tune was ' Dor Erlkonig,' and the voice Frank Glynn's, as I had heard it last. For a moment I felt suoh delight, as a lost spirit suddenly restored to bliss must feel.' He lived then I For one moment I felt this— the' next, I felt Buroly, and tho agony of it was terrible, that that was the voice of no living man, and that I should hear it for ever that, it would haunt me night and day, and Bound my knell in death. I rushed on. I never know how I-,reaohcd Melbourne, but I did. I was ill. H'hat tune and voice ever sounded in my ears. How I longed to dio to oscapo from it. I . had a little money on my person, and somo good Samaritan took care of mo. Accidentally I saw an advertisement in a newspaper entreating me to return homo,, as my mother was dying, and all should be for given. I wont, and by the time I reached England my mother was dead.' ' My father forgave me, wondered what was the mattor with me, pitied mo; poor old man. Thought it was grief at my mother's death. All, could ho havo only known; Could he have heard that voice. Wliat would have been his thought ? I often wondered at first, people novor did hear that Bound. It was so loud. Ho died in a year or two, and I succeeded to tho prosperity, but what good could that or anything elso dci me with that voice daily growing louder and' louder in my carB. It never ceased. How Iwould havo prayed if a murderer had dared to pray that the 'voice would cease but for ono moment. I tried to do good. Gave my money to tho poor, .built hospitals and schools, but of no avail, v That voice drove me from my home. I sold off everything, and wandered everywhere whoro there was . danger, wishing to dio, longing to die. I would havo killed myself but for the awful thought that if I did, and so shortened my penance here, that voice would bo eternal, ' , That tune always tho same as when I last heard from the lips of a living man impelled mo to Victoria, and drove mo here, for on Vhat is now your, land Is. tho stall where I doprived aifellow oreature of life ' and it : is ''ijihtl should give my self up to justice hero.' I did not know what to say, so I mlontly bowed my hoad. ''I give myself up to Justice,'' said he. ' Will you searoh for tho body; Will you, 'as a magistrate, arrest me for murdor, bo that I may pay the penalty of my crime, whioh is what that voice has been haunting mo for, whioh it had driven mo from the other ond of the world for.' i ' He was shaking with agitation, his lips were livid, and he trombled as though lio would fall. y ? ' You make a most serious ohargo against yourself,' said I. ' To-morrow I will .have tho shaft you montioned searched, and, of course, I must do my- duty, unpleasant though it will be if the facts are as you state. But I am deeply sorry for you.' ' I thank you,' said he, ' and will you do me a very great favor? Do you know' — and here his voice trembled — ' anything of her — Nellie Clarke?' . ' Yes,' said I. ' Just when I came here two years after you left apparently, sho was married j and I hoard at the time something about a roman tic lover, Frank Glynn, who left the place with a friend, promising to como baok, but who ..did not. Jilted her tho peoplo about said. However, people oame and went in very strango ways in those times, so nobody thought anything about it but Nelly Clarke perhaps.- Poor thing, she- has had her troubles. She has had very ill health. I havo visited hor professionally. . She always looks to me like one mourning for the dead. I think hor marriage was hor parents' doings. Her husband is poor enough. . He broke his leg a - month or two ago. There are several little children, and they aro all in groat poverty. Poor little woman 1 ' My visitor looked fearfully agitated for a moment, and then said : 'Doctor, I, give you this cheque for her (it was one for two thousand pounds) give it to her after— well you know what — and hero is another cheque whioh I beg you will cash and distribute amongst the charitable insti tutions and among any poor that need it.' '. ' I shall ba very happy,' said I, f to do as you wiBh, but as your crime was not inten tional, I trust you will be able to bo almoner of your own bounty.' ' And now,' said ho, ' will you. take my statement down and got it witnessed ? ' - There.is no necessity,' said I. 'I beg-you will, said he, ' it will ease my mind so.' i What could I do. The manner of the man was bo strange, everything was so strange. So I took down his statement. He signed Henry Harper in a trembling hand.- Then I signed, and- called in -a man who worked about the place to sign as witness. When that was finished' I was astonished to. see tho alteration in my visitor. Ho looked ; calm, ; even ? happy, if such a ghastly face : could express happiness. :?'?-?.-. [' Thank God, said he, 'I can breathe, the : voice is silent. I have confessed, and will ; pay the penalty. The spirit is appeased. I can breathe. I.oan live. T. feel, I know now I shall never hear that voic? -jgain till it brings me the last' summons I shall ever - hear in this world, when next I hear it ? must answer to it beyond tho grave. ? The wonderful ' expression of his face chained me. I could not speak for a minute or two, at last I said, ' Will you stay with me to-night ?' ' ! ' I. will' ho answered ' and if the thanks ; of a man.like mo aro any good take them for ; your kindness.'. ' Will you come and have some dinner' said I. I' Prajj fcxeuse me if I decline, I want no thing, thank you.' - I showed him.to a room, forced him to:take some, wine, he would take no food, and left him. ? ? I went and had my dinner, ohattered with my wife about Henry Harper, and we both agreed that he was to be pitied, and that his story was peculiar. ? . ' ' Poor fell off,' said my wife, he is greatly to be pitied, I think the voice he speaks of must bo the effects of a heated imagination acting on his conscience. ' I oannot tell,' said I, ' the voice to him is very real.' In the! morning I .went myself to Mr. Harper's, bedroom, I knooked loudly at his door, no answer, knocked again, called loudly, still no reply. I opened the door and walked ' in. He was sitting on a eliair by the bedside in a listening attitude, with a tmilo on his ?? face — quite dead. He had beon dead for some hours. The bed was untouched. . He had_ evidently sat down the evening before and had never risen. ? Had he in tho dead stillness of the night heard that voice which this time brought his Bummons? Had the voice this time brought him news of rest after Buoh a troubled life ? and had he answered oheerfully to that signal of release with the smile that left its impress on his dead lips? Who oan tell? A searoh was made. Tho remains of a body were found in an old shaft on my ground, a watoh found thero, when oleaned 1 had on it the initials F.G. I found Nellie Clarke, gave her the money, and distributed the rest. The old : gentleman ceased, the company were silent for a moment, then said Annie — ' That was not imagination Mr. Linton, that voice was a real one to him.' 'Yes 1' said Tom Smith and several others. The End. ? THE' POWERS THAT BE : HER , MAJESTY THE QUEEN. It iB often forgotten that, though it is usual to speak of the Premier as the first officer of ' State, the' Queen herself is entitled to that position. Her Majesty is, speaking literally, as muoh a Minister of State as any member ( of tho Cabinet ; she is not less the servant than she is the Sovereign of-these realms. ' ?Pew people have' any just idea of the work^ ( a-day life that tho Queen leads ; the popular notion that she lias ovflpthing done. for her, and does nothing for Itself or others, is as far removed from the reality as anything can ' be. Whatever else Sir Theodore Martin's ' Life of the Prince Consort ' has dono, it has, at any rate, made this point perfectly ; dear, that Royalty has its .duties as well as its privileges, and that Queen Viotoria, from the day of her. accession onward, has never shrunk, from the tasks whioh Sovereignty exaots. ' ?. What these. tasks and duties consist 'of, it would be difHoult, if not impossible, to de soribe in detail. Ab Mr. Bagehot says, ' There is no authentio blue-book to tell us what tho Queen does; the House of Com mons has inquired into most thingSi but has never had a committee on '.the Queen.' ' But from the biographies of eminent statesmen, and especially ? from , the 'Memoirs 'and '.Leaves' which .Her Majesty herself has given to tho world, .we got glimpses and hints of ' what the Queen does, which enable us to dispense with the aid of any 'blue-book ' on the subjeot. » We are apt to imagine that when tlie Prime Minister spoaks of ' taking Her Majesty's pleasure' upon any matter, he is merely ' using a figure of speech; but this iB not the case. Ho aotually does what the phrase im plies, either in the oourso of a personal inter view,' or by means of a letter addressed to the Queen. Wherever the Court may happen to be, whether at Balmoral, or Osborne, or Windsor, telegraphio communication is main tained with, all the great offices of State in London, and the messages received thence, - and from other quarters, never reaoh a smaller daily total than fifty. The Queen's letters are conveyed to her in despatch-boxes, by Qiieon's messengers; from oil tho chief Departments at Whitehall. The official autograph communications of foreign Sovereigns are enclosed to the Queen in these Stato-boxes. On the arrival of my despatoh box; the contents are examined by the Queen herself. It is woll understood that no correction or orasuro must appear in any paper' whioh comes under Her Majesty's eye, and that no paper must bo folded. ' Very frequently, privato letters from the Promior, the Foreign Secretary, and other Ministers, acoompany the despatches- sent for tho Queen's inspeotion. All' suoh doouments commence with one formula, whieh is as follows : ' Lord ? ? (ot Sir — ; or Mr. — — ) presents his humble duty to your Majesty.' If the Queen ap proves of the draft despatoh, a note to that effeot is apponded to it, but it not seldom happens that Hor Majesty wishes alterations to be mado in tho phraseology employed, or the arguments used! In that case a memorandum, written eithor by her own hand or by hor dictation, is enclosed to the Minister by .whom the draft has teen submitted. It may interest our readers to have placed before them such a Royal memorandum as we now refer to. In the ?' Life of the Prince Consort,' tho original document is exactly . , ' reproduced ; it is in the Prince's handwriting, but Bhows several corrections and additions made by the Queen herself before it wob for warded to the Foreign Office. An historical interest attaches to this document ; it was the last thing the Prince ever wrote, and there is good reason to suppose that it had consider- . able influence in leading to a pacific solution of the difficulties which occurred between this country and the United States in connection with tho Trent affair. Windsor Cabtle, December 1st, 1861. ' Tho Queen returns those important drafts, which, upon the whole, sho approves; but she cannot help feeling that the main draft— that for communication to tho American Government— is somewhat meagre. Sho should liavo liked to -havo seen the expression of a hope that tho American' cap- tain did not act undor instructions, 'or if ho did, that he misapprehended them ; that the United States Government must bo fully aware that the British Government could not allow its flag to be . insulted, and the security of hor mail communica tions to be placed in jeopardy, and Her Majesty's Government aro unwilling to believe that the United Stntes Government intended wantonly to put an insult upon this country, and to add to their many distressing complications by forcing a question of dispute upon us, and that we arfl therefore glad to boliovo that upon a full considera tion of the circmnstancos of the undoubted breach of International Law committed they would spon taneously offer such redress as alone could'satisfy this country, by tho restoration of the unfortunate passengers, and a suitable apology.' : Although, during Her Majesty's lifetime, we may not see another despatoh noted in her hand, or learn how far her advice has been given at critical periods in our country's history, it may' safely be assufhed that such a memorandum as the above is not unfrequently found in the despatch-box of the Queen's Foreign Minister. The fact is that the Queen's experience of State affairs is now more extended than that of any statesmen who sit at her Council, so that, while it is their duty to tender advice to Her M[ajesty,_ it is her Royal privilege sometimes to give advice to them, .which they are thankful to receive, and often glad to act upon; In this way the Queen performs a most important part in the work 'of the State. : The Queen has her own Parliamentary re- , porter, and whether she is in the far North, ^ or at the Isle of Wight, she is acquainted with the proceedings of both HouseB long be fore any of her subjects. On ordinary ' occasions brief abstracts of the debate are 1 telegraphed to Her Majesty, but should the discussion be of exceptional importance, fuller reports are sent, and continued down to the close of the debate, and the taking of the division. Besides the telegrams received by Her Majesty from both Houses, the leader of the House of Lords and the Prime Minister in the House of Commons write her a short . account of the debate. Outside the walls of Parliament, the Queen is probably the first to know that Ministers have gained a victory, or suffered a defeat. , In time of war, too, the Queen is kept fully informed of the progress of events day by day, and hour by hour, and every despatch from tho Commander-in-Chief . to the War Office is forwarded direct to Her Majesty by, special messenger. When . the Princess Royal was born, the Queen, is reported to have said in a private letter, ' I think our ohild ought to havo, be sides its other names, those of ' Turko Egypto,' as we think of nothing ejse 1' But this, we believe, is a myth. The supposed allusion is, of course, to one of the first political difficulties which arose after the Queen's marriage ; it is mentioned only to show how State affairs must constantly in vado the sanctities of domostio life in a Royal household. It cannot be otherwise. As Mrs. Oliphant remarks, ' Politics are the occupation and profession of the Boyal ' worker, as literature is of the writer,' and during the five-and-forty years of her reign the Queen has been a most diligent and con stant student of public affairs. Since the dark December in whioh the Prince was taken from her, she may, have withdrawn from muoh of the bustle and many of the pleasures of life, but it is the universal testimony that, even when her own heart- burden was heaviest, sho never nogleoted her Queenly duties, but did her work day by day as faithfully as any labouring man or woman in the land. We ahall scan the Court Journal in vain for the record of Her Majesty's daily toil as Head of tho State, but we know that her life is one of toil, of real hard work, like that of him ' Who binds the sheaf, . .. . Or builds the house, or digs the grave.' One of the functions of Royalty— one which ' becomes the throned monarch '—is that of - speaking for the whole nation in 'times of disaster or special distress, and how well the Queen of, England fulfils this high duty the daily press is witness. The words ' message ' from the Queen,' a 'letter from the Queen,'. are as familiar to the reader as, alas 1 are tho words 'appalling disaster,' or 'terrible ex plosion'.' Simplicity and sincerity are tha , v: characteristics of these Royal messages ; they . are always looked for on the occurrence of a .. great calamity — and always welcomed. But it is not to her Own subjects alone that Hor Majesty, speaking for the , nation, sends ? grateful as well as graoious words of sympathy. It is no seoret that the Queen's letter to Mrs. Lincoln gavo greater pleasure to the American people -than any single act of the British Government gave them all through their time - of trial; there was no mistaking its motive or its import ; it was a spontaneous aot of intelligible feeling in the midst of obnfusion and dire distress, and it touched and bound together in a moment the hearts of two great : - peoples. , , ? A very exaoting English landlord makes his his. tenants ' come to time' on the day the rent becomes due, and will only relax his stern decrees when a handsome woman is in the question. Not long since he called for his rent of a very worthy meohanio, who, by the way, rejoices in tho possession of a very pretty little wife. ' The husband was not , at home when Shylook oalled, and he was en chanted with the pretty little wife of the ten ant.. She could not liquidate the amonnt due, but the landlord becoming really enamored, told her he would give her receipt in full lor just one kiss, ' Sir,' said she, ' myself and my husband are very poor — perhaps we ean not pay our rent ; but I tell you, sir, we're not so poor that we can't do our own kiss, injji' 