{FROM OUB UARMEDMAN COBBESrONDENT.) March 15. The md from Temora to Billy's Lookout will bo long rememtcred by the numbers of dusty teamsters and jaded »ed(strianswboaie crowding towards the new rush, for a great part of the road lately marked from Barmedman to the sew coldfield is at this season a mere waterless desert. From Temora to Barmedman the distance is about 22 miles by the surveyed road, but water is scarce. Coachmen, by tracks known fo themselves, obtain water by crossing from the new to the old road upon which there are dams and tanks Eome eight miles apart. Either of these roads are dreary enough, but with a careful Jehu there is only the danger of rateengcre falling asleep, owing to the solemnmonotony of tho landscape. The township ol uarmeaman aw.iKens ineurowsy pafeengcrs and the music of the stampers makes matters a little lively, while the extensive plant of the B. U. G. M. Company attracts the curious. Now comes the important question' as to the route for Billy's Lookout. Jehu looks tenons when the new track is mentioned, but he inwardly prtans over the long distance round by the Back Creek. This new track has been lately made-by an expert bushmon, and when it is properly cleared by traffic, will have no in fuimoun table obstacles in the way of ' sharp pinches' or boggy creeks, but there is another evil, viz., the scarcity of water ; and the fact that it is only to be found in the equators' tanks. Squatters are rarely pleased at an invasion of miners, but when Ihe water is fast failing it is promptly refuEod. There will then ensue either threats or actual violence, for the thirsty man will have water, and the fastoraliet looks on in dismay when be con almost count the number of gnLons in the dam or tank. I may mention that 1 am now writing thi6 about halfway betwixt Barmed- ' man and Billy's Lookout, my delay being caused by faetidioumcss as to a buggy in the morning, and the fact that I am in despair compelled to avail mysely of a cart mthe even:ng. All old proverb such as 'cxperienta docet' or ' bird in the hand,' rise before me like the ghosts beftre Macbeth, and I feel for the time being about as Mamiable as the immortal Thane of Cawdor in person. Last-night in Barmedman I laughed at the coachman parading in front of Birnie's Hotel with a large damper, fome one calling it the miner's friend on the new track. I find, however, that like the humour of Jacques and Gobbo, there was something beneath tho surface in this jest. The distance by the new track is much greater than was first anticipated, and so far aB we have penetrated into the vilderness water is much scarcer than we anticipated. In other words there is absolutely none upon the road, savo at a fquatter's tank. 'YVe are sternly refused not, even a bucket ior the horse, for they have but few for themselves. I tome to ihe rescue, and endeavour to propitiate Cerberus it an.,fmiount eloquence produced by the exigencies of ™ situation— at the same time approaching the coveted iiia with a small drinking cup —he is onlv mortal and ccumbs, and we arc satisfied, f JL°1: ma-X P06^^ expect me to describe the geological Ti n- °l country, and peculiarity of the landscape. Hrcmmdeme of a young lady who was asked at what time taw .™. ros®? W.cr answer was ' I don't know, for I never to or™1?5 j . Inis applie8 to my own case for a man cannot ilcA! ' distinguish clay slate from quartsose granite v(moi ® ¥ constantly compelled to fend off an ov erhanging ao JLt 1 16 ^8? ?ver tku head by waving scrub, and much linp'm'rt.18 bsolutely making a sort, of marked tree veiirlo aTnyof,hlB ^im^B which may protrude from the lb cr*l „v ?? cflses, depend upon it one thinks more of the v ^ruined shin than of all the love of all ess I Parsed miles of auriferous co an try inRofLrt*^ i01-^ eB journey. Nice-look - tivelv wJ 8j *'mcs plentifully scattered over compara *atcT-vroi«^°U? ' not observe any rounded w ' owing to the absence of undulation, Iddfielfl cn fL- t indications of any alluvial There is a 3 ? judge by tho view from the road. landfrann ?) °ii ^vhich only serves to disfigure (onitEon atfrl Vv,0 ot- scrub with scattered pines are Bcree aJe mtersporsed with white box-trees. »ppear ani^, the much-dreaded Maliee also latter, road shuns the a profusion a, &reat; d®81 of Bala country 'Water win ® coolamen holeB, so after a thunderstorm #P®thenewhJ?t?i 1^' ^jet ^ remembered .that tonddy tanirR -;ii ^tTe 18 110 water, except in one or two Eitai from n ' ' H the traveller arrives at a dam fully 26 en»ergencynan' 60 t^lat ^'vere should be prepared 414 dismal np to the present, but there 'filed by Mr irle laU, towards No. 2 West Wyalong, n^es,' ^hioii S?xi- 0 ®ydney, and soine ' ironbark ^iiy is conrJ™^ l. a,8 cheerfulness or diversity of France tfTT have about _as lively an effect as the Nation there arp nlo^66 amongst tombstones. Near the the plenitnde of will be well grassed after rain, !^tce in the vicinih^f +v0'^ back renders grass ^ «nall plaing the back but where Boree country jMng for Block ne' EOrt country is especially Scribing ^horro^!f i?° doubt be burnt, in effigy for mill. But 1 »m nt Dew route which brings grist to £p'a«.and LvZoH^eeent onJy abwt 17 miles from t, e of truth and of ascribed both to the % latt« in ae jo^' ^ VCTylittle of Eoro om- , _ Mabcb16. ''ng the distant it^ I*ookout, and calmly con ^in^w Baraedman 'fas 1)0 only 25 (tc .^'diuust Bain in 916 crow flies), that peculiarly 38 to th^diRtnr. V °\ Cart' for tllere ia but tnli,ti®av.w that it is f y-i 8 tr?c'r' and scores of 18 about 35 ttii .. TI 5 w^Ie lowest cal *&6^eare EOmp ^ MHr No- 2 ^e.st no clearini - m,les of beautiful road, traffic. Aboiff' i? 18 8115404 for coach ' W ^, 8m containing H or miles from the rush of toe die-fin \\!i}er- 8114 another within Prove a Buccm^P« I ^j11/8 Lookout should hcccb8 there would be a road surveyed. As things now are, persons who desire to avail themselves of the new track must carry water for 26 miles, or drink mud. There is a shallow tank, water refused, at No. 2 West Wyalong, and another on Mallee Plain, which is about nine miles nearer this rush, but in each case (save a thunderstorm should alter matters) a few days more will render these tanks mere mudholes ; but those nearer the diggings contain good water. - After passing Mallee Plain I pushed on, and left the cart, as the miners were intending to rest during the heat of the day. There were rumours ol hostile squatters ahead, and some hybrid individual (boun dary-rider or overseer) had hailed us during our morning's journey, demanding where we were going, and very promptly gave ub incorrect directions as to water, &c.;, ac companied by threats. The passengers by the cart treated the matter coolly, and followed the fresh tracks carefully, altogether ignoring the advice of the peculiar being who had interviewed us over a log fence. I thought it advisable to push ahead, for my insignificance as to size might protect me from the supposed army of irate pastoralists -who would be likely to resist the progress of the cart. I succeeded, and passed through pleasant country with a nice road which was well adapted to coach or buggy traffic. Some few miles from the rush, a creek or two became visible, and afterwards a range full of hornblendic granite was in view, with a number of creeks which are dry at Ibis season of the year. There are numerous hills full of hornblende, but the particular epot designated as a goldfield is remarkable for a good slate bottom, and in some cases pipeclay covers the slate. The sinking is in a gully which may be said to bear £-,W. , but its course is so tortuous that it is difficult to define the correct one. In the middle of the gully there is a creek, which is not more than a few yards in width, and miners are sinking on both sides of the watercourse. When I arrived at ihe cluster of tents which represents the business part of the place, there was a miners' open air J meeting, where a Mr. Krafftwas the principal speaker and prime mover in the affair. The opening address was somewhat original, and, thespeakerwasloudlyapplauded. 'Gentlemen,' said he, ' we are assembled on a place called Billy's Look out, named after a man of the name. Billy was evidently a wise man, and found the nucleus of a goldfield, and now we must in turn look out, 60 that we can enjoy our ptesent advantages without annoyance.' It appears that some one bad offered to rent the dam from the pastoral tenant, and was intending to charge ls. per week for the privilege of using the water. Krafft, who is a financier, and possibly shrewd in money matters, ' belled the cat,' and vver.t fo: a bucket of Mater to the dam, at the same timer aiusiag tc pay the charge, simply to test the matter. The teeult c this was a miners' meeting, and it was determined!; ~ ^ctitici Government to resume possession of the dam. Tne scene at the meeting was amusing in the extreme. Tliere was a sixpenny subscription for Antonia the Immortal, so that he might fence in the water and protect it from the invasion of truant horses. This water is clear as crystal, and the dam is a mere bridge across the creek, according to appearances ; but, owing to the high price of labour in the interior, may have cost a good figure. It was contended that for a paltry sum the owner could be compensated by Government, and this beautiful water retained by tbe miners. It had particular charms for the cart passengers from Barmedman, who drank deeply, for it was clear as spring water. This dam is in the ccntre of the workings above the prospecting claim, aud if a larger tank had been made there would be a good store of water, for it is fully 1 J mile to the head of the gully, adown w hich a sharp torrent rolls in wet seasons, tlm gully is said to extend for 7 or 8 miles in the direction of Lake Cowal. There is a long sweep of falling country both above and below Billy's Lookout ; and whatever may be thefutureof the present rush to this particular spot, there must be a goldfield in this remark ablo watershed, formed in an auriferous country. As to the prospects of this gully, there is nothing to induce any man to leave good employment, for the best claims at present will only yield poor wages, and from all sides there^waa no wish to exagge rate the importance of the field. As to ounce dirt there is no euch thing on Billy's Lookout, or miners will be agreeably surprised. There have been prospects as high as 10 grains, but these are isolated cases ; and if miners scrape the rock in poor ground, the result will deceive people as to the actual yield of the full thickness of dirt. If the prospects in the best claims will average l jgr. per dish, the expectations of the great body of the miners will be realised. The wash ie stony in the extreme and there are quartz boulders of good size, but the 6mall quantity of dirt raised by stanch men leaves the impression that the full width of dirt is not taken. The prospectors are O'Brien and party, and Michael Downie's party are in No. 1 North-west. This claim is said to give the best yield by the dish, but the sharehclders are by no means jubilant, and do not seem at all sanguine as to receiving anything beyond a moderate return. The sup posed payable run ot gold has been traced to the north west, and there are four claims in which moderate prospects have been obtained. The sinking is very hard and the geniral depth from 17 to 30 feet. Down the creek nothing payable has been hitherto met with, and it would only mislead the public to give details as to the number of grains per dish, and when estimates differ as to quantity. I was told on every hand that, if there should be a payable lead, there are plenty of men to find it; and there is positive wickedness in terming this p'ace an important gold-field, when it is in fact little better than a likely place for prospecting. Nevertheless the miners now on the ground will spread out, and if _ they do not rush away to other places before the neighbourhood has been tested, I have little doubt that there will be numerous leads discovered. By following up the gully to the opposite fall there is a nice country, and there are some attractive spots nearer to Lake Cowal. It must be mentioned that a number of old shafts have been sunk across the gully, where miners are now sinking. These old workings are some distance away from the prospectors. In one place there are nine shafts, in another six, and afterwards 16. Nerertheless there is said to be plenty of room for the lead to have gone through without discovery. The statements I have nwde as to the poverty of the dirt can be well substantiated, although they may not please men in busi ness, who are looking forward' to a large population. Taking into consideration the hundred warnings and admonitious I have received on the subject, together with my personal acquaintance with some of the men in the best claim, it is impossible for me to estimate this gully as a payable gold-field. The statement as to the scarcity of good water on the new track, via Barmedman, will pro bably be disputed or cavilled at by interesting parties, but the fact that, except by singular good luck, the traveller from Barmedman may travel 26 miles before he can water hisL horse, without rain should fall within a day or two. For strong carts and drays there is nothing to fear from the new track, but drivers of coaches or waggonettes will have some difficulty, owine; to low limbs of trees which stretch over the track. I returned by the old road and drove steadily on by moonlight. It was pleoeant to pass through the numerous plains at night, and thus evade the inevitable grilling to which travellers are subjected on the Bland Creek. A couple of bush magnates were driving towards the rush ; they were very friendly and extended the olive branch at once, but a painful thought seemed to strike one of them, when he said, ' You passed through my run.' I am afraid that my countenance did not betray much contrition, for I explained that it was a case of ' Needs must, &c.;,' and I assured both gentlemen that I had no intention of taking the new track on a future oc casion unless pressed for time, for there is a saving x-f at least nine or 10 miles. Arriving at Barmedman.Sabout 12 fon^.Saturday, I saw numbers preparing to leave and met dozens of vehicles on. the road. There must be 700 or 800 people at Billy's Lookout, and the business people say that all the new arrivals bring a stock of provisions, &c.;, which militates against trade. Messrs. Coglan, Walker, Hilly, H. Woods, Dillon Brothers, are all opening stores, but no one thinks of anything beyond a tent at presentt, till ha new field is further proved. The tents near the dam at Billy's Lookout are huddled together, and allotments do not seem to have been pegged out, as there are three or four business tents in the space of 66 feet. There is a butcher on the ground and a boarding-bouse going up, and I did not see any scarcity of provisions ; but the cuisine and accommoda tipn (?) at present on therush are of too primitive a character to be generally appreciated by townspeople. There is a Eort of sandy 'loam which renders the inside of the tents dusty, and at my first meal I was duly honoured with the only plate in the camp, but a cloud of dust sadly interfered with the comforts of the meal. I close this letter by strongly urging no one to leave for the rush till it is further proved, and I expect that there will be more chance in three or four weeks lhan at present, for there will be numerous parties engaged in prospecting. I have omitted to mention that the police are very severe abont shanties and arrested one man, taking him to* Forbes in handcuff's, where a fine of £35 was infiictcd. Mr. T. A. Browne, Warden at Dnbbo, has written to the Minister for Mines, supplying information with reference to the Tomingley reefs. Mr. Browne visited the place on Friday, the 9th instant, and inspected the Myall Plain Beef, lately discovered by Mr. Donald M'Phail. He reports that a well-defined reef has been struck, about 3 feet wide, at a depth of 6 or 7 feet. Eome of the specimens exhibited to him by the miners were unusually rich, and the general appearance of the stone jras good. Good stone had been obtained to the north of the prospectors' claim, which it is asserted forms a portion of another reef, running nearly parallel to the one first mentioned. Mr. Browne considers that a mineral surveyor should be sent to the locality, as it is not improbable thai a goldfield of some importance may arise in the vicinity. 