ENTHRONEMENT OF BISHOP KENNIOE. THE INSTALLATION. The imposing ceremony of formally in-<*> stalling the second Anglican bishop of Ade-<*> laide took place at St. Peter's Cathedral on the morning of March 7. By ten o'clock the cathedral was filled by a congregation coiu l>osed almost rntireiy of members cf the Church of England. *? ho had been admitted i>j tickets tearing the nair.es of the holders. One manifest advantage of this system was that no unseemly crushing disturbed the appropriate decorum of the proceedings. In the ihcolo?ical cy'ilo-e ef St. Birnabus. im mediately opposite to the cathedral, those who were to have places in Uw procession assembled, &nd; at the hour for beginning thcscrvicc, lii.'.'i) a.m.. the starting of the processional hymn '.?'.*! i"A. and M.i was the signal for a move to the cathedra!. J'/rstcima 1 tLchonorarywarden=of*h<<cathe.-b-ai folio ?yd j by a large number ot' the lay siTcoismea j re{>resentinc the various chiircuci ot the j diocese. These wrre iVillowcd by a chorister j bearing one of the cathedral banners, anil t hrn ; the choir of foity-oue boys mid :ncn. N?\\\t I in order waa another banner- bearer, who jire- j ceded the clergy, v.ho nisr-hed in the follow, j icijordcr:—lJracon?—t: L v3. M. M. \v nitton. j s. Ilinson, Leader. iS.A.. L.L.U.. ana W. .->. i Moore: l'riests—iU-vs. C. li. (.'iin;, J. i -raith, M.A.. \V. .1. Bii^cl). IJ. Kennv. j 3M.A.. S. French. M.A.. .'>. ?>:-L-lurd. V. 11. \ Cc-L-hlan. 15.A.. .1. V%~. Gowor, A. .-oils. sen.. ! M.A., 1". T. VVliitiuqton. .j. M. Donaldson, | .1. <J. llnynoa. .1. Hoi-iihton. 11. I>. Webb, M.A., If.Howitt. C. G. Taplin, 1". S. Toole, 31.A., W. If. Mudie. U. SI. Pollitt, A. lior.ter. T. Ticld, JT.A., K. Reid, E. K. TITilUr, C W. Hawkins, li. -fenkins. F. Williams, M.A.. — Matthias. SLA.: Hono- | rary Canons—!:. T. Ilowoll. "vLA.: i. \\\\\ \ ilon-c. M.A.. S. ?-;-ecn, V.'. li. Andrews, A. wciicy, L). J?. icathedral prccentori: Cinon* ' —\V. H. Cccmlis : Archdeacons — i:. Zil&rryaL; i M.A.. lAuoinido.'. and O. Dorc. M.A. I't'iin- ( ders=.i, the Very il,-\: Draa llusscii, L i>. As t the clergy end cf vac-j?roc<-!:;ioc passed out o£ | the college it was met by the liisiiop a chapllin f (the Llev. Sir. llanstcrx-', M.A.), ucrarir.^ tiie ! pastoral stall —presented -uiiic y.-ara a^o to j 'A.c late bishop, and by aim aatided in JJr. i Kcnnion—and leilow^i by the bishop, who j woro the roues i;si:a!ly :ui<.>ptrd hy the Am ;ii- : can Episcopate, utminy lacrs rncact. black ! satin chiuere. and ilic start and hood oi a j doctor ot divinity, iicuind the bl-iiop . wuiked Sir. A. iv.-.rcuo. '.ho registrar of tli^ : dicccie. J'pon i?:ito:-:r..'r the i.-2thcdi-ai the ! chcir zzid f.ev;7 Tock :::<ir places iv the i clicir, 2nd rl:c biiUo:v '.>ia co'iducf-jd to the : -?piiecpai chair in lii;1 ?suiic parr oi V.is b::ii<l- t :x%, tbc ccan and icnoiis s.li.in j iratucdiatcly j opporitc to him. 'Uio <it:iodrai alcar was j ?>iited in a new whi:c aatin fro.ital, oraa- ! ii'cctcd with a iloriatfsi crc-rs in aad hid j apcrpU' b?:perfrcjital an.l two or;>hrcys of ths | iame color, the intontion cvjiiently b?;iiis to i ?.inito the i'ioa ot the special lesial scni'-f of f tli.? aay with thit ot' the currcne l.:nteu J Four va- u??3 of wliitc ilo?vera routed ! ??ij.cn 'he rctablc, and the general cilect was j ofcattc and 3f prtpnitr. As inorr.imr j.ra-. ci- 1 hv.d If en said ar .".::j c". '.re.'c the s-tn.ru! ( irivkf va< at (ir.ee X" fir. by the ! pre?cntor li'r. I?on.?i:. atid ciioir :-- j tor,:r^ the !.'-?rr 'alary and wr-iicies ? srd rr?j>or.;cs of the daily ot::i--\ the j I?ian auaii:^ the Miiijoincii -jieci-l coiled I fcr the cvca>ion :—" ?? '1 feol- <;ood .Shepherd j of.hr shrrp,-,\ho iits j?t!:cn.d to Tiiyselt a j prat ;iooU :n ail parts of tin; world, asitst. | with Tliy heavenly zrace ai; bishop? an-i. I that they may iosd l'i;v :>?opl^ into j ;'33t'.:re i< "t.i ;;r:n^ ?bi"n sat? ly to : Tlii-e rtcrr.al foid. A: >j fcr rhi-i Tar ser- ; vo:;t who uas been irivc:tc<l with the on::-^ j <_i a t>iiho!'. ?c- iifiy t:ia'. ;t may picxw Taer j ?o him n-.i-h -..Trciju'li of la'.tii and ? urvcr ot lov<\- ar.d ; i:ritv ot life that he j rca> ".si" iiii < .tice ???!!. >o we t'lat arc Tay ? l<up!o ar.ii the s!:cr;> '-i 'i'uy j'liturr w;il j T'tic ?Lii:k; ;cr i'v--:-. Ulo with the ; lallu: ii.a i.l.c Hoiy ?;ii<><.t live?: andrri^nrst j ore <n..i. -AorM witiif.-.t ?-nd. Ara^n. " ! The j.iojier i-tinu, ir-.ii.. ixx^ii., and j <" v'.^i. ?r:f turn > t.ar.Trd. iu-ppiu,": fioin his cta:r the Oi-liop Tio-t. hiniei j hi;.'.ctt^rsconnncnJacory.fromtheArchbishop i of facterbury, to the ilran. who paiwi th<-:n j to the rtciiirtr to rcaii to tht' assembled con- i The joi v.nirut set o'li tho conji- ? i:ii:i,o rf An uliirhop Ta::. Ac j the Ui"ii3ii? ? cf \Vinch<-at.-r. Tn;ro. U'-.rtam. and ISodtord ' i>y the i:;- nod of Adelaide ii a n'loctioa can- ? irittre : tiic anpointai.T.t liy this eiiis.-omi , ctn'itsitti'c of ! >r. !v-:c^'.i>n to ;I-.c -cc o: Ad-?- : '?aiiic : ird tl-.e co:'.*rcra.ti>.u to the i-.ishonric | on t-"t. Ai..i:r?'? l>iy i*-:, Xovi-tnix-r "J. :n Wcitmicttfr AbLry by t!.-.' I)i=hop cf Lia- j ic:.—tr..^ An üb^iicp uf Ott^r!" :ry b-ir.r ; ?ir? vot.ttd *i'Or^! ' i is.''.- ' Ij^' ' U'j itli't^"* ' lioxu v.ri.ii I?:.- ?;>:?.. .? ni vr :?;:.-.? - . a. --i?tc;i l-y a -::n:i ir f ,?:'::.:- prcii'o-, a-.'ic: --t -La v.\i? l>r >...-!-. !?t- ci \ Ie- I \V;., n 1:.. 0!.. i ? .iti''i- 'i ri!i ;'::?? -.??? ? t?a-:.iy :'ormi:::j? > ?::> ?>?;:: .??in'.-'.i-:r.i. i: 1 : to :h'j ;coi-:.- !.y ::<?? rvz..::^ 3t tL:-.? -. n ; n;ic?''attTy li'.tcr: .i=:i(.i: i\inr.:<'-:: iii!..- i ii.:o tLL- t . ntrr cf ?'..?- > :.????. nr.i ;a .n^ i.- : i d<an nil- '.i:p ??.?.b-oiacd dcjiirituc - t : : t*?.or£f; *>v vcaiiitr., linhup o> A-iei?;iK. cc ; hereby pronusr to re.-;>?c'. mumtau.. aii i d< ftnd the rights, privilf^rs, and liwrii'*i of this Church! auJ diocese, ar.d to ruie thcr.-ia , ?ith tiuti:, ;i:stic.<\ acd charity, not lord- : irj i: o\cr tied"s hcri^jc. b-.;t endeavor- ' ir;; to sbow mytu-lf in ill things aa ! (-kainpic to the tio:-k. Acd tiiir 1 will : <io, tijo 1/ord Ivin? aiy liei[ier. Anie::." I The dear: r.c.w took* the biuhop by tup right j l:and and led Ln lordship to the ci-iscoj.il j tbrcne witbic the iitir rails, the bishop's , chat'lain prrccdir.r. and th- canons of me ? cathedral following to their seats in the sine- , tuary. Addressing the bishop, tue deac ' said"—'"ln the name cf l-.o>i. ?rac::. !".$? ; \;rti:e of my oflice aa cca:i of this cathedral church. at?i in bchalt of iiK-ucan andc'u.i.'U'r ! and of the synod of A.ieiaidc. 1. Alexander ? Kus?ll, bachelor of diviuity. do luduct tiny. ' ticorce Wyndham Kennio:i. ?io;-tor vi j d'vitiiy. in'o the occupation c: tii? !?<?<? ai i dioct'se'of Adelaide, and therewith do ic-:r4l tbecinthe j>oi^e?aion, authority, and inn- , diction which pertain to the biabo;. o* ta:-. . trc ill accordance with the fu<:daim-utal i-rj visicas atd regulations of this dio.*e->t'." ; The oct oi instillation :it\ict; bo-:u 11. ;* . ci'.icialiy completed. !?:. Ivcnnion i:r.e'it for i tome ti:co in silcr.t [ii- avtr. whilt- ttie choir i sars tbe antlici:i. The words wero — [ "Awalic, aviakc, i".t on thy Jtrcc^ih. ?' \ .irru!>ai£tD. the hciy city : Irotn Henceforth I thctc i^hali i:o more como unto taee Uio uii | circumcised and the uudc&E.; thviel: , ironi the-tiu^t, ariuc. antl sit done, ?? .'cru ] ij'iM. ljooso th\mlf froui the "nuiidsof tiiy j r.vck, O captive dau^iitcr cf >-io^. Uu-.-. I btautiful upon the mountains are iii? feet i.:' 1 him thit brinpctii pood tidiu;;s, U?at ji-.ili ', llsbcth peace, that publisbcth sal\ation : that i ?aitii unto Zion, *Xhy C;o?l rci^nvth " Thy i watchmen shall lift up the voice: with the , i voicctopcthershallthey sia?: for they sba Vi y.-- ( -; cjctocjcwhcntheLbrdi>ballbrii:£againXiou. i JSrcak forth into joy. sinjj together, ye waste i places of Jerusalem, for the Lord bath com- ; j fortcd liis people : He hath redeemed .lerii- j | salcm. The L<ord bath nude bare His Holy I i Arm in the e\ os of all the uatiou-, and all the : I ends of the world ha\e eeen the- cf i our lied, llrcak forth wilhjoy, sin^ together, I Iyc wzrte places of .Jerusalem, litdlcluiih. > ? Amen." * 'peninj; with a bripht chorus, the | I music passed into a solemn quartette at the j \- words, " liowbcautifui u]K>ntnc mountains," | ] kc, and the tenon and basses alone rendered j ] the sentence beginning "Thy watchmen shall j lift up the voice," j? massive chorus forming ( the ncale. The anthem is interesting, as liavicpbeencoiupotcdbyUr. .Staiocr.orgauist J of ht- l'aul'a. Lundou, for the inst?liatiou cf j ! 1 ?r. Eriiest Wilberforce, first bishop of the ' ? newly- formed see of Newcastle, Kogiand : and t '? the Adelaide Cathedra! choir rendered the j ; icvpirin^ and beautify: music nith marked i accuracy and power. ! The onictt cf the holy communion for the ? fourth Sunday in Lent was ne.vt prooeede,t with, the) liiahoj) being celebrant. Archdeacon i- MatTyat epittoler, and Archdeacon Dove ; tX3|rt!ior. 'X'tie mi'^ic used was a setting b ', iLic cathedral organist, felr. lioult, acd thougb i t-in ]>lc in construction it well expresses the > (ietutional character oi the service. After the Nicene Creed the communion hymc, | ? "Ailcluio, sjirir to .leaus/" *ra9 sunp. duiiiig ; ! which the biabop waa conducted tcth? pulpit, j ! Hit> l?rdahip, it may be aaiu, 1-3 of about ; the middle hii^ht, dark and with a ; ' nrpj yet \ery pleasing cjjur.teuance. : His voice ia rich ami melodious, though ' cot of more thau ordinary Di??-ei. but :i ? renacii atid uistirc: sceeotustion allows ot i the bishop bcinp easily heard. i?r. Kenuic-n'a : ? stjk- uiuy be c.escriited as pohatied and \- fervid, his lordship frequently risuis to the w&rintb; of genuine earnestness in tiie uior. stirring )>oriious cf bis dm oiifne. AUhon^li largely usiiijj mauuitiijit, the bi^hup [ often introduced the extempore cieiuout jts he iwocicded. and theteiiy cop. -j biderauly added to th-.' eiieot of hisi : address. His iordiiiij.s setmon waa as ! follows: —*'!Tk the sublime of man, oji ; ucontidc niaie-ty, to know oui- selves parts 1 end proportions oi oue wondrous whole. j This traltmitc? man, thia constitutes our : I charities and our bearings, but 'tis God ; ? jlittustd through all that doth make all one i Mhole." How it raises one's courage, hopes, < I acd espiratioua to awaken to the great : i thought that in this great body we j ' arc not isolated and alone: Our religion, a bindira force between ourselves and Gcd, docs not separate us from our brothcia acd sislera in the Ohurch of Christ Jcfiua. Tiioiisands all over the world arc EtruggliD? as ?c a?e struggling with the ? forces of temptations, arc striving as we axe striving to walk in the path which the Ixtrd j£tus has directed, but the thought, as has 1 bttu beautifully ruggcsUd, that t?t. Peter's I CalLcdial iv Adtiuide and St. I'eter'a in WiitmiotUr Abbff ?arc only side-cbapelaia the pscat tat Loirs: of Cvi iste^dcai duivl? } mrst uL'.itc v? ;c sj.-rit; aci the:; llijrcis the thought tuat those whs in tb<* ways eiOiir.:: Jesus arc in obedience to .i v Uoiy bpiru, arc living the life in which he meant them to < lire in the kingdom or society which be i founded. Christ* holy Uatnoiit Church, as , Ho indicates, is surely the sphere ia which the love of his Father, the love of the Fa'fa?r to His children, and tbr love of the brethren to one another, can be realised through you with Christ Jesus our Lord. My brethren, if this be so, honr qrcat i 3 the trust that devolves upon every cne of us: Oar Lord Jcsua has prayed, " I in them and thou in me, that they may be made perfect ia one and that the* world may know that Thou has ecnt and hast loved them as Thou hast loved me." TLis is a trust devolviug upon every enc of you, but surely especially true is this c-f us or the ministry. We, brethren, arc not a caste, separate and apart from you. We cjtc the organs of the body, but the body does imt esiit for us, but we for the body. Trae it in. the body docs not choose us. but the Lord .Jcev.s chooses us for the body. The body cannot say, *' We have no need of you,'' aud yet the life of the church is not in us. but in the whole body of which we are tho organs. It was pointed out to me in an emphatic manner by your deal* late bishop, though I had reed it vridi much interest just before, how that, in a lately published book, by perhaps one of the best known divines oi our English Church, Canon Wcstoa, it has been nioit clearly and in a most scholar-like manner proved iiow the prcat L-hirj;e and commission by our Llcsscd Lord, narrated in tbe :10th chapter of St. .John, was a charge siven and a commission liven cot merely to tkp apostles, but to the church as a whole. I shall never forget the cn:pha?is with v.hich he pointed this out, and the oncourEpenjent and the pleasure which it sccrscl to be to him to have thia thus brought brfore him. Yes, brethren, our functions arc dciccatcd functions. When we are pravicp; in the cocprrejjatiou it ia you who thrcuph cur iips are pleading the sacred r.amc in which the petitions are offered. Wben we stand at tiic holy table ot' our Lord to fliow forth His death till He come, it is you who arc thus plcadiDij your faith in the one atocctucnt once made for the sins of tho ? hclc world. If we arc in ony manner recep tive of fiod's grace acd trutt. it ia indeed as organs cf the body; it is for the growth of the body tbat'.vo arc thus blcs.-cdfrom above. It dca r.ot diminish o::r responsibility; it Increases, it. It must ever throw us back in cur relations to tUe Circat Head. Arc we cor^cious oi & real c^moiiesion.' ye?, wp r.avp rc\ oived iiio ssrord of heaven from no dead Land. It is as a living body that the church has invented us v.-.th our iiieh crtico. Jlany a time in hours of per ;?i<-v.:y and despondency it will help us to ~o back to this srand fact, that the church's comiuu-ion is cot a mere rcilcction of some artier, of a past <v;e. It is in the name of her living Lord who is now with His church, and who invigorates us who have been called Jto this <!sicc with His present power we arc rcct forth to work. ""We are ministers of ijcd,' cays I looker, "as from whom our authority "is uerived and not from men.' " I cannot,' says Or. Vaufrhan, "conceive a ir.ore wretched feeling :n the soul of a Christian minister than that which c?u doubt the validity of his own commission." The church,, of" which Christ is the head —the church in winch the Siijrit dwells — the church to which the ascended Lord ~ave certain spiritual £ift:i, amongst tl'cm thc cc of panora and teachers. onJaiceo. ccmmi.-'Sionrd. sent m<>. EjUilly truiy docs all thi3 sppiy lo the otii.-c of a bi>hcp. liaised in the providence ot Cud a little higher than 2.U bretluvn, oaiy that he ir.=y ;ak<> a wider view than ctkcrj of the tjcij c: the work, yet for him ia its <T!";-ncc the sarce ir^voniibilitios will lor over be attached. H<ur cr.ee more whit 11..-i?-p Srlwrn ]:?.$ mrrlLilly written : — ??'fl.e rp:seoj-ate is a titie not o: honor but of work, anu in that spirit 1 trust to bo enabled to exercise icy cdii.;. I lo r.ot con aidcr myself rvempt from any dr.iy which can fail upon aav ;r:cbt or deacon ia the aicioc, f.iti't ro f.ir as sjy own pr.rciy cpucors! duties shall absorb my tiaie and j'-xnr.d a priority cf attention. "Only on the throne will I be than you.' It is r.ot jo much that I tavc vacated aay oilier <:tJi-r to whi-^h 1 ns? formerly ordained, bit M:at I have been consecrated tD another other, the i]i:t:cs of which arc added to tbo3c ler ?tich I was responsible before, l'.ian :hi> * rictiv'.c :i ioAcw3 at once that I am placid here to act sot much over you as A-r.ii >c::. !"cr tec poict in which I occai to bo i iaccd over you, that :>, ia the poiver of rrcrcicn ard -OTcmmcnt. there arc miay in nii:ch 1 am aisccistcd w::b. ;.cu in tbe "dij ci.ar~c ct the dr.tics ot tLo same divi:i3 n.icittry. Ar.d cvtn :n tlic po?eroi coercion ?i:ioh 1 st^rr. to <-zcr-'i?o, i: not ?o ciu:h in my o?ti r..i>on that I so at't as in the spirit ot thr whole clergy, or rather of tue church tathplic, tho cr.ci-r.tion uf v.hoie decrees is m.-trd in n:<". 1 briirve tho monarctna! idea ct tbe cnistoratc to l>* a? fo:?;ism to the true ir.ir.d cf tir ch;:rcli as it i? adverse to tao I:c^pci uL?.Uiiit of humility. L,t it never tic thcu^ht that I alot-.t- am interested in the pood povcinmcnt of the church aid that you are merely subjects to obey. Whatever interest >ou nave >:: the worK I have also. It an clitndj?C brother is to be brought under the cccnirc oi the church what am I but the orpenoi the peceral sense of the clergy which licmsiics that the unclean ihir:~ shall be put away ai E scai:dal to tbeir orJ?r. I rai^ht t-cr.f ult my own ca^e !?;?' cocr.iviu^at disorder, but you wouiii rcjip th> bitter frr.it in the <i;ca\ c-{ yocr ittfucno.- and ir tte fnswnic^ indittcrcccc if tiot contcmj t of your jjcdju'— ?\ ou mi:*t rcco-rr.isc. thcrcfo'.v. & joint in to.ri=t in the criioc cf the biabcji. looking uj-cn bun no: as a tymm to compel you tj do wbat joii wculd cot. i-u: as your owe Eirntncii itistr-.ricr.T to carry into eii^ct what >? v know to be right acJ \v:-,h to do. but wl:ic-h ycu cc"'.J no:aicom;.U;h cf ro'_rs;lrji." ;-. ??. ork together : vce. worl: baud in bani. 'ibis surely u-.ust be or.r prmti;-'.c szd cictto, it we would carry out it: ounstHrs the twofold r.-.?-ss3^o of the leit. to prove tY.v ltedecmor's n.i>^icn nr.d tiod's lc\c to His chi:rch. and tii.it ir. Hi* church the wboie ?vorid miy :xaiitcliis low for all. Tuu; how necessary is tl'.r uticr. with cr.r bie.-ied Lord: I>o ?cr.der He prayed, lor lie lir.o*" :o *?.-ll wLa*, would bo lie aiS-.culties aad wart* cf tvery onrofu.-1. li>l:new ttiar we could aot co uitiicr.t Him in v. bat ever position ?v niijht inthcprcvidccccof t'-od bo placed. Yes. ptt-s-t ir.<i(eu is our need of u^ion with Him, to be i>crfcctcd into cue that we luny be able :o tn-afi tbc ihcn;y pitb '. It Ha* only through Ihi iuiiiriups that the b!c?scd Lord Himself ?as rrrfi-cT?I as the captain of o:ir salvation, aud "thruugh ?>::slcrinK uuicn with him is always r?M.'Ctial. Oiir r.ied cf Him i< so grczi that if ? crcaii:c this, brethren, 1c: us not lor^c! tbc ether aide, when- it is >hown witb ? .?usl truth that sreat as Li our need of ta. |.r?-s!T.co cf the Lord. He also has need of ?b. The: as in the Iloiy t.c-pcl we rcado: ii:r blesacti Loid utilisu;'; that which the little boy tarried and turning it to suoli vast account^"?<> may we remember that however pimy n>ay be our criorts in the sight of Utj>vccly\\-e>l thfy arc a pov.-c-: tor i-ii lias nctd of them to t^rn them to arco::u: in tii?" furtherance of His wcrk. I£j his. rtcd ci tiv. Closer and e-loscr. then, let us each end all endeavor to do honor tv Him. realising above all our union with Him in tbet i-oniccratcd feast to which to-day a.^ain we arc iu\itcd; rcaUsir^ that wherever we SO ?c must not be apart from Hid, aid rcdiaic? Abo that bowever inz&ectual; might appear our own t-Sorts. we "can do all thir.jrs through Chriit, which strccpthenest us." lircthrcs. before 1 close 1 would fain aik you to give with special liberality to that fund for ? inch to- day j our ciins are iuvited. We are t o give to <ia> ;u)God has i>rospeifJiu> towards the c< iiipletiou of tuc building of tiii* cathedral, ? hich will over 1 trust stand ia our midst no: only, tLoupb chittly, aa a remir.der to us of thi worship due to our blessed Ijord. the preat unseen Head uf tbe < hurcb, bi-.c aLso it> v leasei- uefree as a memorial of the wondrous work which ha-< already iv. t>od'a pro \idence been accomplished by the great man whoni 1 am called upen to suc ceed. You who knew hu yali'.e aud know i-o ucH his Houdroui work viill z-.inly nor be behindhand in attempting to promote that work which you ktiotv hv bus so much 5.% heart. 1 will cot now *p?&L; ciul-U about the Latbfdral. I will only just ask ycv. ia the *>ij:ht of Ccd as Uo fca* prospered'you to -;i?-e for the gloiy Of our Ix>r?i a::d Saviour -'faiii Cbriit. I will atL you to day liberally, because you know how n\uch He lias done for us. 1 ahknot OLly that you may see thit as a centra' place of worship in tiie whtik- d:o.:-t.'3i. rot only that you youibclves may surae day enjoy tue servioes ir. tbs t^ouiplcted esthedrai, but because today tealibinj; jour aeeil of unicr. with Him that you would tain £tv?? Hiu> c: yo-.u- Iwst who pave His life so lovingly for us. lib lorusbip theu preached tbe toliowii!? sermon on the text, " I in them and Thou in Me.t hat they may be made perfect. i:ione. acdthattbeworldmay know that. Thou has sent file, and hast loved them &s; Tbou has loved me. I'—John1 '—John xvii., C" :—" IVhoof us : can ignore the sig uiticauce of tbe senico of to : day v You are to-day taking your part in the ccmiiletion of an act wbich has linked afresh ? yourmemotiea with the great abbey l-,(\?j . milts away. Of old the enthronement of the j bubop and bis first, utterances to tbe people jof bis diocese were of tiu; esaeucc of hi* t investiture with his sacred otiice. tiomeof the j matted features of the aucient ceremonies have wistl> bci-n discontinued; but to-day you have, as it were, ratified and staled the selection aud appointment of your bishoj,. You have joined to daj in aoleuin prayers for liim, ah you did in touching sympathy at the hour of vis consecration; ycu have l-aised again ycr.r tbactggiviiijr as in the beauteous service cv kis iamedi&ta; arrival auiccg yen: but yc-*i have dcue snortf ta c*y — >ct- bai-f i la.-M dim with ail dee j oi Uainst-v ir. tte ?;ic-t 4. :<i or throat' in his caTtcdrui, 3 ? though you iccl: you: -?iare ie entrusting him withtlio chief over-i^m ox the church in this diocese : as though you would Lave him the ' personal centre of ui.ity,' as the cathedral is the ' local centre 01 unity" in the diocese. That it is possible for you to hare this installation of the bishop ie the mother church of the diocese—the parUh church of tlic parish churches—2nd thus place him at the head of the conciliar chapter, suggests at once one of the chief difficulties before him —one of which he may well speak to-d^y. Wo are cot gathered together in one of Jhote antique cathedrals of our old land, y.hesc trails, grey with glorious age, are inttinet with the rci:giou3 life and sentiment of many generations. We have not the memories ot centuries which have contributed of thrir spirit and of their wealth until, in its variety, the building has become the record cf the many phases through -which it lias passed, and has gathered its rery strength and mojrsty f rom~~its long continuance. We arc standby on the Threshold of a new world. One generation—nay, one life—occ man has seen the growth of the church ia thi3 colony. I'nder the guiding providence of God and in the faith of Christ has the organization of this vast diocese been extended over an area larger than that of France by one man's fostering care. With him as leader has the church emerged the brighter from the troubles which may have seemed heavy indeed at the time when all State aid was taken from her. Through his energy was gathered the goodly band which in growing town or in distant station has proclaimed the glorious gospel of our God andSavioor. One uy cue rose the churches planted during his episcopate, until now all arc conse crated. One by ono advanced to completion the Collegiate School, the Theological College. Steadily and solidly were accompiisned tne various schemes of diocesian finance. Then, encouraged by his ?eal, guiitod by hU far seeing wiuloin. you hai-c boiUJy begun tills great. atlicthal. His example animated you. It ti;^s a nobie work to undertake for the glory of our God. To have been aolo_ to begin atd half complete such a building as this in which to-day we worship is su?i ciciilly indicative ot the vigor with which my great and revered predecessor made his episcopacy a reality. I have spoken of facts that arc apparent. This is no place or time for culcgy. ,Vt fnoiinmcrttv.m ?pto-rio. cireutitipiirs. and the difficulty is to fellow such a man. I do not come among you with tho claims of academical distinction. I make no pretension to the Hpe scholarship, or the knowledge of ecclesiastical law, or the brilliant gifts of your former bishop. I can but bring yon the experience such as my age will allow me to epeak ot, gained in pastoral work, and I come bei-ai-.ic 1 was sent. When Bishop Selwyn accepted t!:c iliahopric of New Zealand he wtote :— * It has never seemed to me to lie in the power of an individual to choose the rield cf laLors most suited to his own powers. Thcie who arc the eyes of the church and have .seen him aetinjj in the station ia which God has placed him are the best judges whether he cught to go up higher. Wher ever or whatever the duty may be, with what ever prospects or adjuncts of emolument or dignity, or without any, the only course seems to be to undertake it at the bidding of the proper authority and to execute it with nil Juithfulncss." These words £ would make inyoirn. Is this spirit have I come among jou, trusting in * flint, ' whose I am, and wbcm I ? endeavor to >£rye," whose 'strength i? made perfect in weakness,9 and sbking that your prayers given so earnestly at the time cf the choice of your Liitoji may be continued for him now he i$ sniccg ycu, that with occ heart and one mind we tnay labor together, helping one ar.othcr in advancing the kingdom of Ood. Tbu?. and thus only can our work be rightly rfece. Union with our dear Lord, and in Him -mon with enc another, this is the antecedent; coed it lon cf all true church work. Therefore have I i-hosea for my tirst text among you words from the won drous prayer prayed by our Lord Jesus en the eve ct His crucifixion. It is a prayer for union, that the unity cf the churca may be the conviction of the world. Ilia disciples heard it. There must have been a special obicct in this pouring out of lits soul ia tuc veiy j.rc;cncc ai;d hearing of others. Tiie i.raycr l)eccmesa revelation. We know from this solri!!ij communing with Hi" Fathpr t.bp very mind and the will of our Divisc Lord. Yti 11!- a prajer. The Higc I'ricst is bend :cc as it were over the ~rcat sacrifice, and he wtcc whe'.elifc on earth has been but one continuous fulfilment of HU Father's will r.cw triers Himself, now consecrates Himself for ihe ftirrin?. for the sins of tho whole wcrld. But in the very thrill and awe of the coming oblation tie serf of tne iravau ot His soul and is satisfied. They will destroy that sacred temple in which the Ujvinc Presence was manifested unto men: but another tempie should be raised in which the perpetual tabernacling among men shoald bs reaii-uvi. l"he world which had known Him not might think to get rid of Jesus of Nazareth. But His body, the church, would become the sphere ot His life among men. for the risen scd ascended lord would pour forth His sj ix:t on Hi* church, tna in tnat spirit would Himself be with her to the end of the world. And so He looks onward in confi dence, and projecting Himself into the future, casts Himself in His church upon the world, just as in the incarnation He had thrown tlirctclf as a little infant upon the sympathy nr.d lovpof those who would givp it H'm. K<? knew that then He would come to Els own sr.a thej woula receive Him pot. He Knows that for His church there is awaiting tho same treatment. Dat yet the world will one cay It am cf the Saviour's redeeming mission, and will c-r.c day learn of ihe love God has lor Hi* <.hi;rcb—Hi? adopted tamily. Tae cLi:ri.h:s *-aion with her Ced shall prove it: at?i so Lie p:ays. and would God that prayer that enured into the car of the Lord tn>i ci quicken cur hear is to-day— ?I in thrra anil Thou in Me. taat they may i<e perfected ir^o one. ar.d triit the world may kpow that Thru; has senr Me. and iovest them—(not hast loved; -as Ttiou lovcst Me." Jt is a wor.derfu! thought, that of the body cf Christ living on. It alter; the whole coa epptinn of or.r's di:U- to realise ir, and m ciacp the fact that the rwoa and ascended 1 110. Has piven to His people tv livi-otit Ml? lif? for Him—to carry on His mission for Him en the earth. The apostles taught I>7 tiic llc!y ?.-ho?t ba'.ecauph: up and enlarged i:;o;i this leachiDg. hemetunes it is as a family or a household over which Christ is the lirad tbat the society or kingdom of the Lcrd is described— thst the harmony and brotherly love cf the household may reflect ilie j*acc within and attract the outer world. Si su* tirccs a" 6 building cf which hura*n iives are the living stones: a building shapely and symmetrical, manifesting the orderliness and steadfastness ot the God of order. And vet more frequently do they speak of the church as the body of Christ —a body capable ti prowth, receptive ot nourishment;~nay, pre-wirg ociy by its nourishment and in its action, with its work given it. and its power to wcrfc. Acd till thu< from Jesus Ccrist. its uc^ecr. head. Ali. too. in virtueoi thi-rcdetiu licn lie acccn:}il!sbed. Acd thi; body are ? c. alu Lcro ir. this rra>crc:ir lilesbpd I.oni v:e?.:arrK the twofold purport of HUChurch — -.be twofold mc?sage which it tnest ever bear to t.br wcrld. Kach is in reaiitv inseparable from the other. Vet sometimes in the history ot Christianity men have apprehended only t::e one or tiie other. Atonetinie it is the rever-ioo of ten-told truth cf the Saviour's mi-sice to a siuful world—'That thr world nmy know that Thou has sent Me.' Is ever tan we be too theiikful for what is popuhwly la.ltJ the evaL-gelicai revival of the Church cf Kr.giand. lv dsys when the seemed dead =rd cold it was found eke had enshrined in her a n\e>?age, which touched the hearts of inert who listened, and the strong faith in the plain stcry of redeeming iove in the forgiye tres of sins as it coursed through the veins ef her Ufe awoke new forces, new energies, within her. True that maDy touched by the ere- of the message which came home to them, impatient of her restraint*, broke from her and fenced new spiritual communities for themselves. ISut how shall we blame them if they found their vigor manifesting itself i^c-tlyindtr-integratiocwhe!; they hftd learned r.o l-t-iid t-f union >3ve that- of an establinii u:ctt. octi had pSsvcd V>cforp them no ideal of abi other hoed—cf a society—of a kingdom— tit a bedv fcrr.ied by the Lord aud Master liiuiteif ".* Thauk <>od that if they have w?iJi?-r:ca rs and themseives fey their eepara tifcr, tbey have yet borst far and wide the iidi! i- if tiftviour"s love; and uatkaad ijstkais^n, must the i-huroh go to thi-. i.'. r iiiiual DM-afit — .'C3U3 Christ &ud; thii. ViuvitjiHi—"Tbat the world may know itar 1l:c>- h&t; -siit Me.' Kevei a:>art fit si-, ti,; - c&a; -ho r.o; ought she to tcuiii tiif heart cf the v.orid. But to the c'iie-r preat truth which or.r tes.t indicate* as the .~?ond preatmef-japT" which the- Church La.-, io l?t!ir and to prove to the world—'That 'iiicu iovest fueni a= Tiiyu ioveat Me'—we d:l iwa\:cn;i:g in l^tor ciays. There is a \ci.i r.ing for brotherhood. There ia a longing tv realise the power involved i:: Learta being arji?atcd l<y a ctiEnior. cause. And where will this longitg be satisfied r>ut in tilt-family life of the nous? over which Christ is the uiaite; ;in the society which quietened by vi ion and ccimusisaioa with it; Lurd has aa: lit red of His spirit in the l.ocy of which li? is tho hfa<J—asd tbrouch which shall tier circulate the vivifying gr&cea; of the Jipiiit sect from 0:1 hisb —in the temple of ;ivirg btcnea built for the habitation of the Ho)} Ghost." At the close of the sermon Dr. Reunion, with his cbai laic, and the deau and chapter, returnd to the altar, and the offertory Ben ttrncrs were read by the precentor, and sung by the choir, while the alms ot the congre gation were bfing collected. The amount realised was £Vil, which with the evening col lection cf I"JS, contributed IST' to the fund for the completion ct the cathedral. After tie prajir for the church militant the nia jciity cf the cccgres&Uon; withdrew, and tha cortiniur-Io!-. t-ll^i- Baa continue!, aboat t?i fcutdrid clergymen and lay co^iaianicanta i coercing the sacrament. At the close of the tcrvicc. the hymn " The church's one foun cation"' was eun<r as a recessional. Hij Excellency the Governor. Lady ltobicjon, and suit?, ana the Chief Justice were present during the ceremony. In connection with the cnthronmeat it is interesting to recall that the first Anglican bishop of South Australia, Dr. Short, was in stalled in Trinity Church, KorUi-t.-Trace, on December "JQ, 1647, two daya aiter liis arrival en Proclamation Day, in the barque Der went, which had a 110 days' passage from England. The service upon the occasion was sUccded by about iOO people, together with ?he handful cf clergy who formed Dr. Siiort'd first working staff. PRESENTATION OF ADDRESSES. After the service the bishop was intro duced to a number of the clercry and laity at St. Barnabas Theological College, and sub sequently an adjournment was made to the library, wiiiro a presentation of address took place. The Deajt presented to his lordship an. address which Lad been prepared by the Sj nod. He remarked that the address was very brief, as it was thought that it would set be well to celebrate the arrival of tiia bishop by anything resembling fulsome or flattering words. ? The address, which was tastefclly engrossed on vellum by Mr. G. Robertson, was as fol lows :— *' To the Right £cv. George Wyndham Konnion, by Divine permiEsion Lord Bishop of Adelaide. Right Rev. Father in God—We, the Syncd of the diocese of Adelaide, desire to cticr you a cordial and affectionate wel come on your arrival amongst us, and to assure you that you may rely on our co operation with your lordship in the measures ycu may take for the good, of the church. When the Synod delegated the election of our buhep to the late revered Archbishop of Canterbury and other English bishops our praters were offered to God that it Vonld, litcase Him to afford to those men *Tj? divine guidance in choosing one who -^ould be to us a true chief pastor. We may humbly hope that those prayers were not offered in vain. The earnestness, die devotion, and the success of your ministry as a parish priest were made known to us, and we rejoice to think that the qualities which so attached to you your for mer fleck trill cow in this diocese have a still larger field of exercise. A great work is be fore the church in this country, which can only be accomplished by the union of our three orders—Bishop, Clergy, and Laity. We trust that yon may hare such blessing on your episcopate as to cause you to rejoice that the call to be our bishop came to you, even though it may have involved the rend* ing asunder cf associations that vrere very dear and sacred. We cfier you a hearty welcome and the assurance of our dutiful cbcdier.ee, and we are, with all respect, your faithful servants in Christ Jesus. Signed on behalf of the Synod of the Diocc3e of Ade laide—A. Russell, Dean of Adelaide: Wil liam U. Andrews, hen. Canon; Charles Marryat, Archdeacon of Adelaide; George Dove, Archdeacon of Flinders; Franlc Ccghlan, F. Slancy Poole, M.A., Thomas Field, M.A., Samuel French, J. C. Bray. Alfred Spence, C. H. T. Connor, Arthur Boult, C. B. Toucg, Geo. M. TurnbuU, W. D. Scott XathL Oldham, Jas. H. Cunning bam, £5. Tomkinson. H. S. Anthony, William Barlow, Win. S. Douglas, J. G. Pitcher, Augustus Stnrcke, secretary standing com mittee of Synod. Church-Office, Adelaide, March T, TE&i.;" Hia Loedship replied as follows:—My reverend brethren, my brethren of the laity, I thick it very kind of you to wel come me in this manner on the lirst day when in an official manner I appear before you as your chief pastor. The dean just now in his kind words alluded to the tact tb.it the address was brief. I think it is possible ;ou will forgive me if I make an evea mcrc brief reply. The day has already been io a great extent trespassed upon by myself in particular, and I nave to perform ether cutua which are likely to occupy a good i'cai of time. But I cannot let this occa sion i?£3 without saying a few words in ler.iy to tte kind address which you have f resented to me. Ko one could be more as '.cri.-hcd than myself when I opened the letter frcm the Archbishop of Canterbury, telling me that I had been unanimously ap pointed to the bishopric that was then vacant- He < Aiircjscd the hope in his letter th&t; JT should tee my way to undertaking the bcrden which he with those who had been associated with him proposed to place upon my shoulders. But it is a very difficult thing for a man when co suddenly he hears of such important wcrk being offered to ?"" to know cractly what to do. Perhaps you wiil not blame me if I tc:l jcu what course I took under the cir cumstances. 1 thought that the advice cer tairJy of a scholar ought to be obtained, be cav.se. as I rcentiocea in my sennou, I could make no claim to any academical distinction. I therefore consulted Dr. Yaaguau, Master of tLe Teniplf, knowing that no friends are so ci i' icai as the friends cf one's youth. I next went to an old schoolfellow, to kuov if lie tucupnt tnat l suouia accept cais oaer. l also wce> because I knew what advantage* one who travels with another has to discover his faults ar>d failings, to an old companion. who travelled with me in&ny; iicndreds of miles on the continent. I also went to my own bishop, and then to the dean and great ArtbLi&hcpGf; Canterbury. It so happened ibui they eU thoi-.pht that I oupht to go", and the Archbithop in particular pressed it on me as a. duty tiat he said 1 ought cot to ejeaj c. Under these circumstances I taw that my only course was to waive ir.y owa feelings in the matter completely, uud. although as I indicated in n-.v sermon ibis morcirg. I felt most^kecnly. irom the greatness cf my predecessor, the diiiicultici ot the work that lay before co jctnp a mac as myself, I do feel that lean ccuni ujon ycur sympathy: teat you are wi'.lir.g u> ei'eLd to me the right-hand of ft:io?sliip: tlsat your heart is with me; and iLst \cu are tcady to stand shoulder toshonl ucr <y me and help me through whatever w.ay be ibe dutits —onerous or light—which eticive ciinie, and wuichlshaU hope and en deavor to discharge. For aU this Ido most tcaiti!y urd oecpiy thank God. and I aUo most cordially thank you. 1 know that icniiEp amongst you, where there are many rocn viser. older, and more experienced than xsy&clf;, it might cecni almost pre tun.ptucus to allow myself to be placed at ycur head. But, as 1 wrote- to the dean, when St. Paul was advising Timothy to let no man despise jouth be went on to add plain inti mations as to how that danger might be avoided. It was by treating the older men as fathers and the ycunper men as brethren that he might avoid the difficulty. In this way I hope 1 may—please God—count on all of you as my fiicnds. What I can give you in the v ay cf work shall certainly be at your ser (ice. The experience which in God's providence I have had in the multifarious and diverse duties 1 have performed will aiso be at your disposal. 1 only rrsT God that the lrir-dmw: asd sympathy that you are showing I may prove myself not unworthy of: that I may be able in some measure to l*e of ess to you i* of ccursc iay most constant prayer; and I *hir.k that 1 have already learned that 1 may depecu upon ycur warmest kicduess and your help. (Applause.) Mr. I*. H. C-UiiEK fnon. secretary to the Church cf Flngland buncay-3chool Union) i c-il the idiiovtivg address.—" To the Kighl llev. tJcorge Wyndham Kecnion. I>.D., Lord Bishop cf Adelaide. Right Rev. Father ia t;cd—ln tiie n&me; of O.uOD Sue cay -ichocl cfcildrc-E. taught by sonic COO teachers, in the Diocese of Adelaide, we cv alters cf the Church of Ungland Sanday tchcol Union T?ish to approach year lord vhip upon your arrival in South Australia with aji earnest expression of filial respect ?cr the l?:ph cCUc you come amoag us to filL in the tid ires which have reached us of jcilt important hibors in England we have iicticcd viith great satisfaciiou that the Sunday-school work of the church hss always bad in your lordship a prominent and iitalocs supporter. This inspu-cs us with strccg ecrtidesi-e that those of your lord ship's fiockwhora we represent will be looked upon vrith special interest by yot? We venture to boj c that in the position of president cf c-r ucioc, which you hold by virtue of your cilice, yov. will so far as your varied episcopal duties allow, assist acd direct us by youi wbdem and experience ix: the details of Suaday-sihool crganisatian. Should your lordship ?>Et! it itnpracticatie to aSord us vi-iy mui-L cf jciir time we shall be sustained ai:-:i trcoi-.rsived by knowing that ive taye icv.y warm j-cr-era! s\Tr.pathy acd a place in vein- pj?-. i-i?. AVith'a hearty welcome from the fcuE-isy-schcpls of your diocese, we are, ye::- "lordship's obedient and faithful ser \at.isin Christ—<.'. Marryat, SLA., W. B. AEi'rrws. T. Kk-U, M.A.. i\ S. l'oolc, SLA., Fret*. T. Wbitinino?, W. Warner, W. J. i-ai-icge. 11. I*. Holmes, W. H. Holmes, J. C. B. Honfrieff, G. W. J. Thornton, hon. treasurer. Frank H. Carter, hon. secretary, executive comniittee Church of England Sun day school Union, South Australia." ilisLor.i'Siiiv in replyicg, said—Venerable sir, reverend brethren, and brethren of the laity—l must thank you again most warmly for this address, and I feel that in the >übject on which you have now addressed me, I have more right to be at home than I have in that on which I spoke just now. In cur own parish we bad about 1,700 Sunday scholars and teachers, and in the parish to which 1 previously belonged we also had very iarge numbers, while during the time I was diocesan inspector of schools in the diocese of York, that is, inspector of religious in struction inschcol!. 1 examined about 30,000 children a year in the knowledge of element ery theology. 1 only mention this ia com- Lcraticn of your remarks that I am not alto gether without experience in the work which 1 am glad to rind you are so warm in pro oiotiog Ido not know what work a bishop cac l-s fittca for if is. trjic:: to fellow tha hicf Shepherd he docs not csre for le lambs of the flock. At least 1 can say lat they have my warmest love; at lent I in fay that in any measure I may be able to itist yon, yon can command my services. I now [of no class more widely deserving of mpathy than Sanday-:chool teachers. Sun ly by Sunday they give up the leisure ILit then prize so dearly for work that it always .torious and sometimes disappointing, and hich even to the ablest among then resents considerable difficulty. Yet they ereevere. They do not, I know, always see ie reward that they would like to sea, ba£ ley cannot forget that He who so loved hildrenas to say to His disciples "Sailer tUe children to come unto me and forbid aemr.ot,forof suchis the kingdom of heaven;'' le who folded in His arias a little child from fhom He would teach hid disciples a lesson : le who told those touching parables of a, bepherd's care—sorely watches their work nth an undying interest and an eternal iraytr. You have the sympathy not only of 11 good men in the Lord, but in an especial aanner of our own dear Lord in heaven Timself. You may be sure that your work s cared for by Him; and I doubt cos that vu have found this already—that in striving 0 teach those who are young you have your elf been taught, and in blcstiu^ others you lave ycurselves bccablcssed. Youteiimitoa: lam officially the president of ycur union. Chere are few offices in this diocese with rhich I should like myself to be con lected so much as with this one. I do lot know what time I can give to it, md it would be rash for me to attempt my kind of forecast, bnt so far as pressure of luties will admit, I can assure you that you irill have not only my heartiest but my first irork. (Applause.) Mr. O. W. Cole (bon. sec of the Total Abstinence League), then read the following iddress in the presence of several members of that body :-"Alay it please yocr Lordship— Fhe committee of the S. A. Total Ahitinence League and Band of Hope, together with other branches of the temperance cause, desire to extend to your lordship our most cordial welcome. In doing so they would express joy and thankfulness thai yoa should have been called to this province as successor to the Right Rev. Dr. Short in the see of Adelaide. Our organisation is completely unsectarian, many of those whom we represent being members o£ the various Christian churches. Nevertheless we cannot bnt feel deeply interested in the pros perity of the Anglican Episcopalian Church, and can testify to the love and esteem in which her clergy are held. The great in fluence which your lordship will possess fot good within the boundaries of your extensive diocese'is to us a most pleasing feature. Having already been assured by report of the interest yen have taken in the promotion of the social, moral, and spiritual welfare of the people, this leads us to anticipate that your sympathies and influence wiil be given to strengthen die hands of those who in this province are working for the suppression of intemperance and its causes. It is our most arduous wish that your lordship may long be spared to occupy the exalted office you now nil: that the church may greatly prosper under your pastoral care ; and that your residence amongst us may prove a source of happiness to ycnreelf and the colony generally.—We are your most obedient servants—Hon. J. Pickering (president of league), John Murray Dowie (chairman of executive), G. W. Cole (hen. secretary); David Nock, TV. W. Win wood, Benben GUI, and S. J. Whitmore (members of committee); John Hoopers and Edward Alcock (of S.A. District LO.R.); Chan. H. Matters, H. J. Pordy (Albert Dis trict of LO.B.); C. Fuller, \V. J. Lapidpe (Sons of Temperance); W. B. Stephens, D. D. Troup (Bight Worthy Grand Lodge of the World).'' The address, which is neatly embellished, iB the work of Mr. G. M. Cole, and was, we learn, executed with the pen only, on can ridge paper. The capitals are in Greek text, and the whole address is surrounded by an appropriate though somewhat novel border. His LOKDSHTP replied as follows :—Gentle men—l lave to thank yon very heartily for your moat kindly and cordial welcome, a welcome which I can assure you is not the less gratifying, because in a great measure it come from those who are not members of the CJmreh of England. I fnlly recognise that we have this great -work to do in common, I and where we can work hand in hand to getherl am sure that we shall be only too thankful to prove that we have the same cause at heart. The temperance work has attracted the most absorbing interest in all classes of society. Supposing that you take the army, yon hear what has been said about it by Lord Wolaelcy, but let us take what nsed to be said in such books as "Charles CMalley," showing the drunken ness that rised to exist in the army during the Peninsula war, and yon cannot fail to be 1 struck with the immense strides that tens- i perance has made there. Thai if you think I of the wonderful work Miss Western has been j able to do amongst aailors you will find that a large number of seamen, who were supposed to be particularly addicted to intemperate habits, have become total abstainers. You ?will find further that the Bine Kibbon Army { lias inarched on with a degree of success I which could never have been expected br it* I founders. The formation of so many Band 3 ; of Hope bears testimony to the spread of the cause amongst the young, and the Church of England Temperance Society, with its two fold platform of total abstainers and tho;e who only wish to use the gifts of God in proper moderation, has so Urge & hold upon the people of England that I believe that in coming budgets you will find that the temperance cause wall be a very strong factor indeed. I was reading in the Daily Cnronirlc the other day that Lord Hartangton had fully promised to redeem the pledges of the Go -vemment to deal with the lir?>p?iTig question. He aoggesta that the necessary machinery for control may be provided by the Conntv Government Bill, and thus afford the people some means of greater control over the grant isg of new licences. Every one, I should think, must hope that the present Govern ment, which is so popular and so powerful in Kngland, may be able to deal with this question at once. There are plenty of evi dences {hat the work is telling everywhere. Xdo not know whether it is the case in Ade laide, bnt in England I know it is the cue. that if you wish to get up a really large and popular meeting it must be on temperance. (Laughter, and hear, hear.) I do aot know whether this is also the case in Adelaide, but in England vast numbers of working men who have not in any way attached themselves to any society, are still to all intents and purposes teetotallers. The pariah in which I had the privilege to work lor the last few years was composed of about 12,000 people, of whom at least 11,000 were members of the working classes. You would, I think, be astonished if you went amongst them to find how large a number of those who had attached themselves to no society carefully abstained from touching intoxi- j eating liquor. I think it may not be neces sary for all of us to become abstainers; in deed it is not possible that all should be so, because in spite of all that doctors say as to alcohol being unnecessary for purposes of health, there are nevertheless some people who find that they are the better for taking some of it in moderation. Though Ido not come here as a total abstainer—and I am sorry that a report has got abroad that I am one—for Ido not like to contradict it, I have long been a member of the Church of England Temperance Society, and I have found this an admirable rule, on which I wish we could persuade many others to act, viz., that never to touch any intoxicating beverage at- any time whatever except at meal times is a sure preventativc against any excess. I do not think we can do better than to persuade those who cannot see their way clear to becoming total abstainers to adopt some such rule as that. The new Archbishop of Canterbury has just been ap pointed, I suppose yon know, the president of the Church of England Temperance So ciety, and is a warm supporter of the cause. The new Bishop of Tasmania has been for a long time a total abstainer, and I t.hinir that yon will find that a large number of the bishops in England as well as the clergy are, if not total abstainers, next door to it, for they take hardly anything at all. But for a 1 man to become a total abstainer and make a boast of it, and then to be obliged to give it i up, is a mat blow not only to the cause but to himfelf; and I know of one leader in the temperance cause who feel so acutely the order of bis physicians that he must go back to the moderate nse of alcohol, after he had been ordered by them to leave it off, that he now hardly likes to go to any temperance meeting at aIL He said to me before I left England that be felt it was hardly right for him to speak of the cause at all since his failure in being obliged to return to intoxi cants. So that you will, with me, gather from these things that it is not wise for per sons like myself to say I am beginning at once as a total abstainer, and that you may lookon mess one. I&houldnotliketotakethe; position in such ranks as those, and then have to fall back from them. But so far as a real heartfelt sympathy with the cause, and so far ass consciousness of the evils of intemperance urge me forward, I can say this—that you will not only have my constant prayer, and what ever sympathy I possess, but in any way in which you think 1 can be made of use to you in advancing the cause you have at heart, you may certainly command my services. EVENSONG. Evensong was sung at half-oast 7 o'clock, the processional being hymn No. 393 (A. and M.) Bridge's service in C was used for the rantirlfp, and the anthem was by Sir John Gobs. The cathedral was filled, not a vacant ?eat being observable, and His Lordship Dr Kenvwn again preached. He took his text iromPoalm cxxxiv., v. 3—"The Lord that reede jx*ven and earth bless the? out cf Jficr." ?lis L-Ordthip ia cr onir? Ids d-scoarjo pictured the hordes cf pilgrims in tic early days going np to Jerusalem to worship at the temple, and said that doubtless the words of his text when first beard by many of them seemed to be an interpretation of all their longings and wants, and when thej entered His holy place they felt that Xc who made heaven and earth had blessings in store for them, No <loab; ths same truth came frequently to those who were then assembled in that beautiful cathedral, and how thankful a man was when he felt the light of God's peace, felt safe from the st >rm without, snd stood side by side with those who believed in God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He at once gathered fresh strength and help from God, and he, his lordship, coming to worship with them that evening, felt those feelings, and he thanked the Almighty, who had given him the cliancc of doing so much for His glory and honor. Dr. Kecnion then alluded in feeling terms to the energy, zeal, and wisdom which had charactised his revered predecessor. Dr. Short, and said he was fully alive to the difficulties he would racer with in following in the steps of such a worthy man. His lordship next spoke of the various festivals of the church, and showed in eloquent terms how they tended to elevate the religious mind of & man if he fully believed in the doctrines as laid down by Jesus Christ. The promises of God to us were next dealt with, and His willingness to pardon sinners"was brought forcibly before the congregation. Finally, liis Icrdsfcip exhorted them to treasure up the words of the test, cad for each otic of them to take them as applying individually to him self. The service concluded witU the rec?a dcnal bymn Xo. .50. 