ROMANCES OF REAL LIFE. By a Wandering Musician. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] No. VI.—LITTLE COCK ROBIN'S DREAM. They called her "Little Cock Robin," because she had played the smallest—the king—of the cock robins in the pantomime; and names of that kind cling long after the occasion of them ia gone. Rosie Fortune was her real name, but she was such a mite of a girl that she seldom got it after the panto mime, in which her part was a great success. But though small and slender, and not above seven, Rose was full of love. Her heart was big enough for a giant's body, and took in all she knew, and awakened everywhere, and in the most unlikely places, a reflection of its own warmth and radiance. Cock Robin was an only child, but she was not spoiled; on the contrary, she was treated with great brutality and neglect by her father, though not so long before he had been as smart and genial a fellow as walked the boards. How the change came about must be noted here, as it has a connection with the story. An old proverb says, "Twa heids may lie on ae cod, and and nane ken where the luck lies." When death removes one of the heads from the pillow, there comes a crucial test. Cock Robin's mother had played in the same pantomime in which the little tot got her name. She was a pretty woman as well as good, so they cast her for the Prince of Starlight, in which her chief protection from the icy cold was the gauzy film of silk tights, and the glitter of silver spangles. She looked beautiful, with a glittering star on her bro w, and tiny wings of silver tacked to her ancles, shoulders, and wrists; but she was not a strong woman, and the part killed her. She struggled through a week or two's perform ances, saying lightly tbat it was only a cold sho had got; but when the New Year week came, with its incessant hard work, she went down like a broken reed before the gale. There was great dismay and alarm behind the scenes when word came that she was too ill to appear, not at her danger, but at tho danger of the public being disappointed, but in desperation a ballet girl was shoved on for the part in Rose Fortune's borrowed plumes, and the performance got through very well. The substitute was a mere stick, who could neither act nor speak, but she had stouter legs that poor Rose, and the public applauded her to the echo, and encored her nightly in a trashy song which she sang in a feeble voice, which owed much of its volume to my violin. And while the public were applauding, and she was getting her salary raised and being lifted off her feet with success, Rose Fortune was dying. The doctor had given no hope from the first, and had marvelled exceedingly how she had been able to attend to her busi ness so long and she so ill, and every interval that the " King of the Robins" had on the stage she would thrust out her head at the opening in her dress and wcarifuliy say, " Oh, I wish it was time to go home and see how mother is." The audience laughed consumedly at the comical sayings and pert actions of "King Robin," but often she was crying within the strange dress, and her words almost choked with tears. One Saturday when there was an afternoon performance "Cock Robin" had been unusually busy nursing and helping her mother, and discovering that she was late, she hadtohurryawaytothe theatre, andin theper formance, iinding herself close to the " Baron Bold," who was only her father very much disguised, she said tearfully, "Oh, I forgot to kiss mother! I forgot to kiss mother!" The thought haunted her all through the two performances, and, when her father got permission to leave without going on in the last comic scene, " Cock Robin" hurried him away home without allowing him even to take the color from his cheeks. But when they got to their lodging the landlady met them at the door in tears, and led them with out a word into the room where the actress lay still and cold. "And 1 forgot to kiss her before I went away!" wailed poor Cock Robin, throwing her arms round her dead mother and burst ing into a flood of tears. " Oh, mother, mother ! come back, and let me kiss you!" I believe Fortune felt the loss more than even the poor girl, but he made no demon stration of grief. He seemed stupid and stunned, and spoke very little; and when he did speak he seemed calm and collected; yet the blow was to up3et his whole life. Grief chastens some; others it hardens, sours, or even maddens, and Ned Fortune, I think, be longed to the later class. He became drunken, morose, and savage-tempered, though always able to attend business; and, though people were long in discovering the fact, the full brunt of his temper fell upon Cock Robin. .She was only a child, hut he seemed to expect from her the thoughtfulness and strength of a woman, and for the slightest omission or mistake beat her unmercifully. "No one ever comes to anything on the stage without being well walloped," was his answer when some one ventured to reason with him, "and sho aggravates me sometimes so that I could kill her if she weren't my own." Thus Cock Robin had a double grief to hear—the loss of her mother and the change in her father—but she bore it all with scarcely a word of complaint. " I wish I had died instead of mother," she once said to the landlady, after one of the savage thrashings. " He would have been so different then," and the bitter sigh had so much truth in it, simply as it was uttered, that it ran the round of the whole company, and led to such protests that Ned Fortune savagely threatened to kill lier outright if she carried any more tales. So Cock Bobin grew reserved in her answers, and kept her sorrows to herself, though it was evident she was wearing away under the neglect and cruelty to which she was daily subjected. Sometimes, however, in sheer simplicity, she let out a remark that in dicated the current of her thoughts. About this time the song of "Father, come Home," appeared, and was all the rage in a series of tableaux, and Cock Robin again came on the stage to earn her six shillings a week, this time as an angel hanging over the "Little Benny" of the song. This scene—the sick chamber of the boy— was beautifully got up, and Cock Bobin, arrayed in gauze, and having a pair of pure white wings, formed of crimped tissue paper, made to resemble feathers, was hung from the ilies by a rope concealed among the gauze behind, with her fail' hair hanging in a cloud over her shoulder, her pale cheeks brightened with color, and her hands just in the act of raising and carrying off the dying child. I had no idea how beautiful the child really was till I saw her in that tableau. Even from the orchestra she looked positively ctherial. The public were never tired of that scene alone, and the great attraction undoubtedly was that fair child. Cock Robin got her salary raised, for there seemed no satiating of the public with the novelty, and Ned Fortune took all the credit to himself. "If I hadn't hammered her well she'd never have been worth candy," he remarked, and, to enforce the truth, 1 suppose, he gave her more thrashings than ever, having little to do at the theatre, and more money to spend. One night after she had been nearly killed —not so much by the beatings as by fear, which affected the sensitive little thing more than mere brutal punishment—she said to the wife of the manager as she was removing her angel- trappings for the night— "Iwish ijeould -De a reai angel—I mean one without the rope." " Why, child ?" said the motherly woman, with a start and a stare at the strange child. " Because they can fly, and I can't"' said Cock Bobin. "Fly?— you don't need to fly. Nobody flies—they walk," said Mr3. Ward. " But I do need to fly," persisted Cock Bobin. " I want to iiy away from the theatre, and father, and everybody, away up to mother, who would take mc in her arms and never say a hard word to me. Ob, I loved mother, and now I can't get her ?" and the_ poor child burst into hysterical tears which could hardly be checked or soothed. " He's been heating you again, eh !" said Mrs. Ward with rising indignation. " Ob, I don't mind beating ; indeed I don't!" sobbed the strange child. " He might thrash me all to bits and I wouldn't care, if he'd only love me as mother did, I'm hungry for him to say a kind word to me, or only; to smile on me sometimes ; but he won't do it. I'm loving him all the time in my heart, hut he never looks at me. I think he hates me because I'm like my mother, and i mind him of what he lo3t; so you see it would be no use expecting him to change. He'll hate me the worse the longer I'll live ; so I'd like to fly away up through the air as mother did, and not annoy him any longer. How do the people fly, Mrs. Ward ? I've seen them doing it in pictures ; but I'd like to know how it's done." "They have to die first," said Mrs. Ward, kissing the lonely little mite in her own loving way. " I'm sure, dearie, you wouldn't like to die ?" " Oh, yes, I would, if I only got away up to mother," said Cock Bobin eagerly. " When* I'm hanging by the rope as the angel, and all the people crying in front, I often think, if I only knew the way, they'd see me go up in reality. " How surprised they would all be! and then maybe father would be sorry he hadn't borne with me better. I mean to do well—I really do; but I can't be a big woman all at once." "I'll go home with you to-night, and see what he has to say for himself," said Mrs. Ward, resolutely. " Oh, no! you musn't, or he'll say I've been telling you, and kill me as soon as you're gone—that is, he won't kill me right, but just as much as he can to hurt me awful, if it was right I wouldn't carc. " I'll take care that he doesn't do either," said the kind woman, and Cock Bobin's pro tests were useless for once. Mrs. Ward went to the lodging, and found Ned Fortune absent. The landlady, however, enlightened her sufficiently as to the state of affairs, for although she admitted that she seldom heard Bosie cry, she had often heard him raining blows on the child that might have killed an ox. She heard the blows, indeed, often wheD she heard no other sound. It was clear also that Ned was going fast to the dogs, for there was great difficulty in getting him to pay his way at the lodging, and Cock Bobin might often have starved but for the generosity of the landlady, who " couldna bear to see the puir thing want." Mrs. Ward heard the old story, and then gently re proached the child for bearing it so long in silence. Then she sat rigidly in the little room till near midnight, when Ned stumbled up the stair, and was all but sobered to dis cover who waited for him. Mrs. Ward was a \- tall woman, and stout in proportion, and when the rickety shadow of a man tottered into the room the temptation was too much for her. She seized him by the neck before a word was spoken, shook him like a wisp of straw in her powerful grasp, and then as his oniony and whisky- laden breath puffed out in her face, hurled him from her in disgust. Ned tumbled over a chair, and only stopped when he reached the floor, on which he raised himself and sat staring at her, hardly know ing whether to smile or scowl. "That'll do you, Mother Ward," ho said, now nearly sober, and looking up in the face of the manageress half-apologetically. "I ought to have been to business to-night, I know, but a fellow can't always be well, yon know, and I won't disappoint again." "I know that, for you're discharged with out notice," hotly returned Mrs. Ward, "but it's not that I came about—it's this poor child of yours. I've a family of my own to look after, but I mean to take her with me. You'll get her back when you come to your senses, if ever you do on this side of the grave." "You can't do that. I defy you! I'm her father, you know, and her natural guardian and protector," said Fortune angrily. " She's mine, and I defy any one to take her from me." Mrs. Ward was silenced, and after a mo ment or two's thought, decided to temporise a little. "Look you, Ned, you are going to the devil as fast as drink can carry you," she said, " but if you let Cock Robin stay with me you can draw her salary as long as you like. Is it a bargain ?" Ned paused for a moment before answering. In reality he was overjoyed at the offer, which not only saved him from all concern and care regarding the child, but gave him a small income without any trouble but the drawing of it every Saturday when "the ghost walked." But he thought it as well for the sake of appearances to seem reluctant. " it's very nard to separate a man from his only child," he said, with a bad attempt at a pathetic snivel, "and I really don't think I could do it at the money. If you're willing to add another half-crown to the sal., I don't know but I might consent, but " Mrs, Ward could listen no longer. Her wrath had been rising fast, and she now made a dash at the mean wretch, and had grappled him by the cellar, and tugged him up on h i feet without an effort, feeling inclined shake the little remaining breath out of him, when he suddenly caved in and imploring-/ cried— ■' It's all right, Mother, it's all right. I was only jokiDg, and I'll be glad to let you have her. It's little comfort a father can give his child when there's no mother to look after them both," and he tried hard to rub out a tear. "Don't try to go on for that part," said Mrs. Ward with deep disgust. " You never were good at playng anything but the villain, you know—except when you had poor Rose to keep you straight." "Ah, that's what's done it all," he patheti cally returned; "abroken heart isn't easily mended." "No, not in the public-house," said Mrs. Ward, turning away. "Come along, Cock Robin." "What! am I to leave father?" said the child wistfully, with a sudden revulsion in his favor, and a strange heaving in her breast. "Only till he is sober and in his senses," adroitly answered the kind woman. "Let's hope that'll be soon." Cock Robin was satisfied at once. She had often spent a day or two with Mrs. Ward and her family, and looked back on these changes in her dull life with pleasure. So she kissed her finger-tips to her father, and took Mrs. Ward's hand without a doubt that she would be back in a couple of days at the most, while Mrs. Ward was as certain that they were bidding each other a long farewell. That night G'cck Robin lay down in a luxurious little cot, with the arms of a fat little two year-old of Mrs. Ward's wound round her neck; but before she did so it was noticed that in going over her prayers she inserted the clause "God bless father, and learn him to love me soon—soon," and this part she re peated regularly during the separation. Days and weeks sped on, and she wa3 still saying with her stout friend, for Ned For tune, far from improving, was getting deeper into the mire. He was hardly ever seen about the theatre, and, though Cock E,obin long and hungered for a sight of him, she never could find him. Oec day at rehearsal she overhead two of the company speakiDg of him, and the care less remark .almost turned her heart to ice. " What's Ned Fortune doing J" one said, " Oh, drinking his wardrobe," answered the other. " Last night he swallowed his sword, and to-morrow his russet boots will go the same road." " Where does he sleep 1" asked the first. " God only knows—in the streets, I sup pose, for he has no lodging now that I know of." Cock Robin cried bitterly in her obscure comer at the wings over the news which thus reached her. " I shouldn't have left him—J should have been the mother," she thought in affections'1"" reproach, and she thought and thought ove. the subject till she had well nigh worked her self into a fever. Now. in coming to the strange incident which followed, 1 may as well say that I attempt no explanation whatever. I am neither a philosopher nor a fanatical spiri tualist, either of whom would be chokeful of theories regarding the mysterious occurrence. Putting all theories and explanations aside, however, I may say emphatically that what I am about to relate is simply and literally true. In the fevered and excited state to which I have alluded, Cock Robin one night went to bed as usual at Mrs. Ward's with the children, who slept in a small room entering from that occupied by the manager and bis wife. In spite of her secret grief the child fell asleep, and continued to sleep till long after the Wards were in bed, which could not have been inuch before one o'clock in the morning. Wbe all was still, however, she started from her bed with a terrific scream which roused every one in the house. When Mrs. Ward had sprung out of bed, and rushed info the adjoining room, she found the frenzied child standing on the floor in her nightdress, and still screaming, with the children sitting up in bed staring at her in consternation. " Mother was here," she cried, when they could get her to speak. " She came in at the door and gripped me with both hands—that way," and the scared child seized Mrs. Ward's arm with both hands and shook it violently, "and shook and shook till she woke me, crying all the time—' Get up quick, Cock Robin, and run to the theatre and save your father! He's in the property room, burning—quick, now, or you'll be too late!'" "She's been dreaming, poor child," said Mrs. Ward, with a breath of relief. "It wasn't a dream—it was real," cried the frenzied child. "It was mother—I know it was mother, for she had the pantomime dress on, and a star on her brow. And I felt her arms touching me, and she gave me the kiss I didn't get before she died. Oh, let rue go ! let me go! Father is burning! father is burning " Hush, child ! don't be foolish," cried the manager, beginning to get impatient. " Your father is not in the property-room, and can't he in the theatre, for I locked up the place myself. You've been dreaming, and no one could get into your room without unlocking our door first, and you'll see it's still locked." " I must go, I must go!" said Cock Robin, quite insensible to reasoning. "Give me a shawl and the key and I'll run quick myself. Oh, if I should be too late, I will die!" Mr. Ward still fpersisted in detaining her and reasoning with her, till she spoke of getting out by the window—which was three stories off—as coolly as if she had possessed the power of flying, for which she had once loDged so earnestly. In this last impassioned burst, however, she happened to utter the words, "And the theatre will be burned too," and with a blind instinct towards saving his own property, or what he was mo3b deeply interested in preserving, Mr. Ward decided to humor the child so far as to go to the theatre and see that all was right;. As Cock Robin insisted on going too, a shawl was thrown around her, and Mrs. Ward carried her thither in her strong arms, Mr. Ward loading the way and going over the inter vening ground quicker than ho had ever done in his life. As they entered the broad street in which the theatre stood their eyes rose to the gloomy-looking building, and both for a moment stood stock still with the simul taneous exclamation— " There's smoke rising from the roof, and just over the property room! Good God, the child is right!" A policeman and one or two stragglers were attracted at the same moment, andafter a hurried consultation the stage door was opened, and Mr. West and another, both muffled to the eyes as a protection from smoke, boldly invaded the building. Mr, Ward needed no light, and outstripping th« other, who carried the policeman'slantern, reached the property room first, sent the door crashing inwards, and was instantly met by a dense volume of smoke, which gushed out the moment an outlet was provided. Mr. West was staggered, and all but suffocated ; he was, in fact, on the point of retreating, when a. wild cry from below in the frenzied tones of Cock Robin made him pause. " Oh, my father! let me go and save my father," was her cry ; and, recollecting at the instant that smoke is less dense near the lloor, the manager dropped on his knees, held his breath, and crawled into the room, groping blindly in the direction of a property sofa at one side of the room. His hand touched something hard—a man's boot; he grasped the leg attached to it, and retreated half-choked towards the door, dragging man after him. He dropped in a sense less state on the stair without, but some of the crowd had pressed in, and both were borne out to the cool night air; while a few buckets of water promptly applied saved the theatre from destruction. "When the two men were borne from the building into the street Cock Robin uttered a cry and at once threw her arms round the man rescued from the burning room, who was now revealed by the light "of the street lamps as Red Fortune. Ha was borne to an adjoining house still insensible, hut Mr. Ward recovered immediately upon reaching the street. Fortune took nearly an hour to restore to consciousness, and the doctor sum moned declared that he had had as close a shave for his life as he was ever likely to have before actually leaving the world. At iirst they thought that he had crept into the theatre unseen and been in it when it was locked up, in spite of Mr. Ward's vigilance, hut subsequent enquiry told a diifere'nt talc. It appeared that there were two keys to the stage door, one of which was kept by the stage carpenter. Late on the previous night Red Fortune appeared at the carpenter's lodging in a half- drunk state, and implored the man to allow him to sleep on the sofa in the property room, as he had not a lodging to goto or a penny with which to get one. The man, feeling for the poor wretch, in misery and degradation—he had neither waistcoat nor shirt on—took him to the place and locked him in, warning him not to strike a light or smoke in the place. Fortune really meant to keep his promise, but declared that he had no sooner entered the room than he was seized with a shivering lit, and, thinking he was going to die without help, tried a smoke as a last resource. How the indul gence set the place on fire he could not explain, but, as the place was used as a carpen ter's workshop, it is possible that, in spite of his caution, a spark may have got among the shavings littering the floor. As soon as Red was able to speak and under stand he was told the story of Cock Robin's strange dream, and his own rescue from a horrible death. He listened to it all scared and awed, and then with deep emotion ex claimed— " God help me! but I believe the poor lass is watching and guarding me still!" "Of course she is!" said tlic trusting Cock RobiD, with her little heart bursting with joy. "I felt her, and saw her, and she shook me that way," illustrating the action as be fore. "And, oh, she gave me the kiss I didn't get before she died!" Fortune drew the bright-faced child into his arms and pressed the first kiss on her lips he had given her for many a weary month. There was not a word spoken about love or reconciliation, or amendment for the future, bat- that simple embrace was more estatic to poor Cock Robin than whole volumes of words. " I think Mrs. Ward will let me go home with _ you now, father dear—I'm sure she will," she exclaimed, " but—but if she won't," and she cuddled closer as she whispered the words, " I'll run away with you!" Mr. Ward came in shortly after with some of bis own clothes for Red's use, which he placed in his hands with the simple words— "If you're able you'll come down to re hearsal to-morrow. I shall cast you for the heavy part, and trust to you not disap pointing." Fo:tunc stared at the mauager with dis tended eyes, and then took his hand and shook it in silence. He promised nothing, but went home with Cock Robin to their old lodging—"clothed and in his right mind." He did not disappoint next day, nor for any of the many days that followed ; any if any one tempted him to wander again, he always said—" Ro, there's somebody watching me— I daren't go." Cock Robin is a woman now, and very smart and clever on the stage as a " Chamber maid." But she still believes that her mother came to her on that memorable night; and though I have an opinion of my own on the matter she will see, when I send her this paper, that I am too generous to attempt to I contradict a lady—especially a pretty one. 