MR TEMPANY'S TEMPTATION THEODOSIA BRAMWELL JAY. Mr Podmore Tempany felt very much disgusted when the fair widow who had consented to share his name handed him a valuable bracelet in order that he might get a missing stone replaced. He was an elderly bachelor of miserly pro clivities, and did not half relish the commission, though he could not very well refuse. It had been the aim of his life to marry a wife with a. fortune, and as Mrs Bramwell Jay possessed this de sirable qualification,- he was naturally anxious to avoid offending her. He therefore reluctantly took . the bracelet to Mr Bevis, the jeweller in Sackville street, but finding the cost of replacing the missing stone would be considerable, he could not summon up courage to give the order. He locked the bracelet up at his lodgings, and fretted a good deal about the unnecessary expense the widow had put him to. By decrees, however, he became calmer, forit happened that Mrs Bramwell Jay omitted to make any enquiry about her property. As time slipped by, he began to hope that the lady had actually forgotten all about it which, indeed, seemed to be the case. Naturally Mr Tempany did not feel called upon to refresh, her memory, and thus-it came about that the bracelet remained in his possession until the date fixed for the wedding was, close at hand. Just at this inconvenient time a friend of Mr Tempany’s—to whom he was under obligations in the way of business —must needs get married, and • Mr Tempany felt compelled to give him a wedding present. - He resented this dis agreeable necessity very much, because he had suffered a great deal of uneasi ness of late owing to the increase in his expenditure incident to his engagement. He was also, at the moment, particularly depressed by the prospect of having to pay for a honeymoon trip to the Italian lakes, not to mention such compara tively trifling items as an outfit for himself and T rom i SolloUS gratuities to every one on his wedding day. Even the consoling reflection that, once, married, his wife's income would be amply sufficient for both failed to soothe him, and in this unhappy frame of mind he suddenly recollected Mrs Jay’s bracelet. Since he absolutely mast give a wedding-present to his friend Bnllivant, why should he not make use of the bracelet? It was a great temptation, for the ornament had lain in his drawer several weeks, and Mrs Bramwell Jay had apparently for gotten it. If she should happen to ask for it before their marriage, be could invent some plausible excuse to account for the delay in returning it. When they were married, he could pretend he had lost it, or that it had been stolen, and if driven into a corner, he could replace it by an inferior article. Asa matter of fact, however, Mr Tempany did not pause to reflect upon remote contingencies, for he felt so inexpressibly relieved <*at the prospect of avoiding further expense at the moment that he yielded blindly to aa overpowering temptation. As to the morality of the transaction, it can only be charitably supposed that he vaguely imagined he had some sort of legal property in the bracelet in anticipation of his rights as a husband. However this may be, Mr Tempany dispatched the bracelet to his friend’s wife with a neatly-worded letter of con gratulations and good wishes. The fact of one of the stones being missing was a little awkward, because it showed that the bracelet was not new. But Mr Tempany flattered himself that he got over this, difficulty ' very adroitly by remarking that the bracelet had been a cherished heirloom a in his family for years, and that he would never have parted with it to any one but the wife of his dear and es teemed friend Bnllivant. By return of post he received a hearty letter of thanks from the lady, and also from his friend, and Mr Tempany experienced a thrill of virtuous satisfaction at having for once' in his life gained credit for Lis gene rosity, .. Of course, lie did not mention this little episode to ’Mrs Bramwell Jay, and he mentally resolved never to introduce Bnllivant to her. But a few days after wards he was considerably'startled by the widow saying:— “ By-the-bye, Podmore, a; friend of mine writes that she has had such a nice letter from yon. Amy Markham and I were old schoolfellows. You never told me you knew her." V" “ I never heard ' the name," said Mr Tempany, uneasily. “How stupid of me ! That was her maiden name, of course,” exclaimed Mrs Bramwell Jay, taking a letter from her „ desk, “It appears she has recently been married. Her husband - is Mr— Mr—such a queer name, and I can’t read her signature! ; But he is a friend of yours” ■ .1 “ Not Bnllivant!” said Mr -Tempany, with a start, / “ Yes. She writes that her husband is an old friend of yonra, and that yon sent her a beautiful bracelet. . How good of you, Podmore! Younever.gave; me a beautiful bracelet," added the ■widow, reproachfully. ' “ All in the way of business!” tittered Mr Tempany, feeling faint. | “Amy says she will be passing through town to-morrow, and will make: a point of calling to show, me the brace let,” continued-Mrs Bramweir Jay, inno cently. “ She says it is extremely handsome, and she wants to read me your kind -letter, ' Are you ill, Pod i more !” •• “No, No.' . It is the heat of the fire,” gasped Mr Tempany, wiping his fore head. • ‘-I wanted you to come some somewhere with Tine to- morrow, Theo ; dosia—-for the whole day, I mean. I havn’t been to the—the Crystal. Palace for years, dr’ to Greenwich- Park, - Will yon come to Greenwich Park, Theodo sia ! ” ho added, desperately. “ What horridly vulgar places 1 Ho’w absurd you'are, Podmore;!” exclaimed the widow, ■ looking at. him rather curiously. “Besides, T want to see Amy when she calls. , I shall certainly • stay in for her to-morrow.” “ I shouldn’t, if I were yon,” said Mr Tempany, earnestly. “Very incon siderate of her, I call it, to swoop down upon you like that.” ' “I don’t think, so," returned Mrs Bramwell Jay. “I want particularly to see the bracelet yon sent her. Will you come and meet her, Podmore !” No, no, thank you._. Certainly not,”; replied the unhappy man, hastily seizing! his hat. “ I mean that I shall be busy all to- morrow—particularly busy. An other. time I shall be delighted.” “ I suppose you and Amy have * never met ?” remarked the widow, with a sus- ; pibioiis glance. - “Never !-' No,: never.! I assure you,” answered’ Mr Tempany,: and being’anxious to avoid further questions, he beat a hasty retreat.. His state of agitation and nervous apprehension may be easily imagined, '' for it seemed inevitable that the decep tion he had practised would be exposed. The widow could; not fail to recognise : her own bracelet, and would, of bourse,; call upon him for an explanation. The ; situation .was embarrassing,- to say the least. arid might lead to awkward conse quences. Mrs Bramwell - Jay, in : her’ natural disgust and indignation, . would in all probability break off the engage ment on the spot, and the story-would be known all over .London. Mr’ Tem pany got ho .sleep" that night, and became : more and more uneasy every moment. It suddenly occurred to him, in the midst of' his mental perturbation, that he had committed an.act of felony punishable by law. It was an awful reflection, and caused Mr Tempany. to break into a. cold perspiration. ; The dis agreeable contingency—-however remote —of finding himself in the dock, had the.effect of spurring his imaginative and inventive povrers, so that, inspired by sheer desperation, he at length concocted a story which he hoped might, serve his purpose; The consequence was that when, in course of the next day, he re ceived a peremptory note from the widow, requesting,him to.call upon her immediately, he was able to .keep the appointment with an outward appear ance of calm. . “ Mr Tempany, this is most extraordi nary !” said Mrs. Bramwell Jay, after a very cold greeting. “Amy has been here this - morning, abd I find' that the bracelet you presented to her is mine 1 I gave it to you to take to the jewel ler’s.” ; “ Nonsense!” exclaimed Mr Tempany, with a well feigned start of surprise. “It is impossible!” ■ •' “Impossible! Why, here.it is!”, said the widow, producing the ornament. “ There can be no mistake-abont it. : I will swear to it. Of course, Amy re turned it to me, and I have lost- no time in asking you for an explanation.” “ What an odd circumstance—quite ludicrous! I must speak to Bevis. He evidently gave me back your bracelet in mistake for the one I had bought,” said Mr Tempany, speaking quickly and' nervously. . ; “Who is Bevis!” inquired Mrs Bram well Jay. “ Do you mean the jeweller in Sackville street!” ; , . “Yes. I never opened the case after he handed it to me across the counter, but sent it direct to Mrs Bullivant," explained Mr Tempany, gaining confi dence. “ I recollect it was the same day that I left your bracelet to be re paired. It is clear how the mistake Urose.” “Still, it seems extraordinary!” re peated the widow, evidently only halt convinced. “ The jeweller must be a very careless man, and deserves a good seolding. Suppose we go at once and ask’him what he means by it! The carriage is at the door, and I am dressed for my drive, as you sec.” “ Pray don’t trouble, Theodosia. I— ;I really think you had better stay at ihome on a cold day like this,” cried Mr ;Tempany, with fearful eagerness. “I will call on Bevis at once—this instant —but there is no occasion for you to g°." . r. ' - “ Oh! I shonld like to go, and shall enjoy the man’s confusion,!’ returned the lady rather sharply. “Besides, l am curious to sea the bracelet you have chosen for dear Amy.” , Mr Tempany was so utterly taken aback by this sudden and unexpected whim of Mrs Bramwell Jay’s, that ha could not find another word to say. He followed the lady meekly to her carriage and took his seat beside her, feeling like a criminal being led to execution. ■ This : ill-timed visit to the jeweller’s must, he .felt, inevitably complete his discom fiture, for Mrßavis wouid naturally deny all knowledge of the bracelet. - It really ; seemed as though the only course open to him was to' confess everything on the spot, to avoid needless'exposure and dis grace.. But Mr Tempany could not bring himself to acknowledge his deceit unless he were : absolutely obliged, and; during the- drive ho . resolved, as a, last chance to hurry into the shop alone, on pretence of enquiririg if Mr Bevis were within, and take the opportunity to whisper a word of warning in his ear. ; No doubt'the" jeweller was open to a bribe, and would make no difficulty, about screening him. - In his desperate state Mr Tempany took heart at this idea, and even contrived to converse, with the widow with apparent equa nimity. ' ■ . But alas! his’ little scheme was frustrated by the accidental cir cumstance ; .of. the . coachman - taking a wrong- turning, so that when the ; carriage v stopped - the side on which the widow was seated was nearest to; the -pavement. - The - footman, too,; was unfortunately a very 'smart youth, and, descended from the box with such alacrity that the carriage door was open before Mr Tempany had , recovered hie surprise at having reached the jeweller’s. The consequence - was that the widow . alighted first and ; stepped into the shop, while Mr Tempany, feeling that the Fates were against him, and ; that he was pursued by a followed after her'in a state of despair. 1 “Mr Bevis, how came you to make such an extraordinary mistake! . You are Mr Bevis, I presume!”, said the widow, approaching the counter. “Yes,' madam," said the' jeweller, quietly. “ "Will you be seated 1 What mistake!” Mrs Bramwell Jay', explained with fatal precision, while Mr Tempany stood by, bursting with desperate eagerness to put in. a warning word.By sheer. force. of will and mesmeric ‘ influence he suc ceeded in catching Mr Bevis’ eye during the recital. ■ Now Mr Bevis, the jeweller, was a shrewd little man, and a glance at the agonised ' expression on Mr Tempany’s - eager and ;bloodless face , sufficed to put him on the alert. He knew the unhappy gentleman by sight, and also by reputation, and though their transactions "had been extremely limited in extent, he- had pretty well fathomed his character. . He therefore guessed at once how the land lay and what was required of, him, and though he made- no sign, a ghost of a smile'fliokered for an instant, about. the : corners of his., mouth when the widow had finished and awaited his reply,--. “ I'am extremely sorry,' madam,” he answered, with calm deliberation. “It—it was very,careless,” Mr Tem pany. waa : emboldenedTo say, though his heart was beating fiercely. - ' - ’ - “Very," said the.widow, emphatically, manifestly taken : aback.... “ I' cannot .imagine. how you could have done such a thing.” “ Mistakes will sometimes happen in the best regulated establishments,” said Mr Bevis with humility,' while Mr Tem pany felt.a strong desire", to " evince his gratitude by falling oh; his neck. ■ • ■ ' . “ Where is the " bracelet this gentle man purchased .then!” enquired the widow, still in an incredulous tone.;- . For an instant Mr Tempany’a uneasi ness revived, but Mr, Bevis was quite equal 'to the emergency. Without a moment’s-, hesitation he turned round and produced from a drawer behind him a case, which he laid upon the-- counter. Mr Tempany was so; overwhelmed with a blessed feeling of relief that he felt no curiosity as to the contents of the case. His attention was attracted to it by a startled ‘ exclamation from Mrs. Bramwell Jay;— “ Oh !.- Podmore;! What ■ a splendid bracelet! Why, it is a blaze of dia monds 1” she cried, clasping her hands. “ Eh,!”, exclaimed, Mr. Tempany,' hastily putting bn his glasses with a. startled air. “. What 1 Good heavens 1 That isn’t the bracelet" that I—chose," he added, seeing at a glance that it must be worth several hundred pounds. “Yes, it is, sir,Returned Mr Bevis, in a very quiet, decisive tone.""' “ Oh! No. I—l think not at least,”. gasped Mr Tempany, but observ ing; the shrewd look' on Mrs Bevis’ face, which said as plainly as possible that the bracelet was the price of the service he had.rendered, Mr Tempany subsided into, a "frightened and uneasy silence. ; - :<l Oh!-Podmore". This is really too good for'Amy.. Much more than .is necessary, I’m ■ sure;” said the widow, who had.been gazing, enraptured, at the ornament. “ Yes, Theodosia,-; so 1 ; think!" acquiesced Mr Tempany, eagerly. “It is too rich. I’m-, sure she would like something .quite , plain better. . A gold band or a simple bangle would be much more suitable. I think I .will change it.” ; , “ No, Podmore, I have an idea. Amy was delighted with my bracelet, and she shall have, it. I- will , keep this one. irlstead of '.tny own as a present from you,” said the widow, in a .tone of deci ision. “It will be the first really hand some present you have given me, you know.” ” • ... . “I’m sura you• don’t want it, Theo dosia,” said Mr Tempany, with a kind of groan. “It—-it doesn’t suit your complexion, I’m afraid.” •“ You think not ? Look, Mr Bevis. What do you say!” exclaimed the ; widow, clasping the bracelet on bar shapely arm. “Excellent!’’ cried Mr Bevis, in a ' tone of emphatic admiration, for which Mr Tempany hated him on the spot. “ Nothing could look handsomer.” “Very well. Then that is said Mrs Bramwell Jay,pleasantly. “I’m sure Amy will be glad to get my bracelet. back again.” ' “ You will have the stone replaced, of course, sir !” said Mr Bevis, in a busi ness-like tone, as be took up the dis carded ornament. “Oh! certainly,” interposed the widow, before Mr Tempany could, falter a remark. “In fact;;!.think the setting should be renewed altogether. Tt is too old- fashioned.” , . “I will make a good;job of it," re-, plied Mr Be vis, ; putting the case on one side.' “ Good day, madam. Good day to you, sir.” ; - ' ■; Mr Tempany went out of the shop without uttering another- word, being quite, speechless with " mingled emo tion. His: horror at the ‘.probable amount : of the jeweller’s . bill, was only equalled by the maddening feeling of helplessness which kept him from re monstrating."-So far. from, experiencing \- satisfaction at his escape, he was ■ now. inclined to think that it had cost him too dear, and his sentiments towards Mr Bevis had changed to- deep, resentment. He excused himself from accompanying the widow for the remainder of her drive, feeling that he must be alone to brood over his crashing misfortunes. The lady seemed neither surprised nor hurt at this sadden desertion, and Mr Tempany had an uncomfortable suspicion that she rather enjoyed his discomfiture. She was charmingly affable, however, and over whelmed him with expressions of grati tude for his handsome; present when he showed her into her carriage.. “By the bye, Podmore, dear,” she exclaimed, putting her head out of the window as she drove off, “what - could have induced you to say in your, letter to Amy, that this lovely bracelet .was' an’ heirloom in your family !" .. This significant speech .'rankled a good dealrin Mr, Tempany's;-mind when ho had sufficiently - recovered ' ;firom his- state ; of horrified bewilderment' to thinfc.it over. . It really sounded as if the widow suspected she had been im posed upon, though she had notisorupled to turn the circumstance to account. It may have been owing to a guilty 'con science, but Mr TempanyTcertainly fan cied that from that day forward the widow-began ‘ to manifest decided cool ness towards him.; ; So apparent did this* becometo him, thatif he had had any self-respect he would have terminated the engagement. However, as Mr Tem pany regarded his marriage, as we know, from a very material point of view, he was not inclined to be easily affronted. : - At the. last moment, however, an on eipeote'd obstacle occurred.. The widow’s Solicitor intervened' with some very nasty suggestions about a marriage settle ment.- This did not suit Mr Tempany’s views at all, and being unable; to ■ come to terms with ! the lawyer, he'appealed somewhat, indignantly, to the lady her self. Mra Bramwell Jay refused to inter fere, saying that she was entirely in. the hands.of' her legal adviser, and the rip shot was that,'finding the widow’s for tune was so strictly tied 'up- that he ■ might be, reduced to the .unpleasant necessity of supporting his household with his own money, Mr . Tempany re solved to remain a bachelor until a more favourable opportunity offered. ... Of.course, this was a dreadful blow to him- It aged him . .considerably, for .when he came, to,.add up/ what, his engagement had.cost, him one way and another in' actual £s a nd; be : was fairly horrified at ;the amount. Mr Bevis’ account brought tears.to his-, eyes, and reduced him to „a. : atate of incipient imbecility for days,He had to pay it, however,nordid -he -get a' farthing discount, ' Brit it, : was at,, least a faint consolation to ;think that rhe . recover, something out of the fire.- The bracelet^would fetch a good round sum, even at second-hand, and this reflection buoyed him up a little ■so long as;he was permitted .to .indulge in-it, - But alas 1 Even' this small solace was denied him, for in acknowledging a small parcel containing the presents she had- made him, the .widow wrote as follows:—. ' .' ' Deae- Me ■ Tesipany,—Tlunfcs ;for' your sad, sad, letter, andenclosures. I do not like to think of what might have been butJor.thbse dreadful lawyers! I return .all the dear gifts-you gave me except one; which I am sure you will allow me to keep and wear as a souvenir. The bracelet—your last' gift—l cannot bring myself to part with,, and I promise to keep it always always ! —Your friend and well-wisher, • : V:: 