Was it Willy Wood's Ghost? A WELL-KNOWN colonist, at present resident in Southport, who was a great chum with the late poor Willy Wood, of Virginia station^ who blew out his brains the other day, tells the following strange ex perience he (the Southport gentleman) underwent: "I was lying in bed on the night of the 5th instant. It was somewhere about midnight, but I did not take note of the time. Perhaps I hid been asleep ; perhaps not. At any rate, I suddenly, felt the presence of some one in my room. I turned over and glanced towards the door. I thought I saw-no', I did see, so far as my eyes, brain and consciousness were concerned -I saw Willy Wood, whom I knew to be away at Virginia, walk into my bedroom. He was looking ill and strange. He walked right up to the bed, looking at me in a sort of unconscious way. I exclaimed, ' Good God! Willy; how ill you look.' He turned and walked away. Near the door, he stood still for a few seconds, appearing to me to be only half-awake and to be struggling to recollect something he wanted to say. But he didn't seem to succeed and then walked out of the bedroom. He was ghastly pale and looked very ' fishy' about the eyes. Next morning, a telegram informed me that Willy had shot himself the night before." The same gentleman writes asking me whether I have any further information about the statement made that Willy's act of suicide was mostly due to ojnum- smoking. I have nothing further to add to what I have already said. My correspondent gives some information himself, which may be interesting to " Willy's" friends. He says: " I recently, heard tha,t Willy was in very bad health through not bieing able to give up opium. As sure as* he gave it up, all those troubles and worries that chronically affected him, would crop up, and he could get no rest nor relief till he had recourse to it again. When he was at the Oxford, he gave up twice com pletely ; sometimes, however, he went to -- for it; there was always some there and he knew where it was. To think suicide should be his end I He was such a'good fellow, so kind-hearted, and always ready to do anything to help others-a trait that is seldom met with. He was very clever, too. His case shows how hard it is for some people to make use of their talents. The only fault with him was, I fancy, that he was too good-natured and sociable. You know he took morphia as well, sometimes. I think it was for that painful complaint, the tic doloreux. I don't know if there is anything new about taking morphia for tic doloreux, but I, know, how fond some people in Bris bane are of lies." The tic' dbloreux is very much like like, the gout in one way, inf..that at times it induces in the patient a morbid Reeling that prompts him to acts of self-destruciaoEU" . " DID you enter that amount against young Colvin ?" asked Snidock, a Queen Street tradesman, of his bald headed book-keeper. "Yes, sir/' "Then put it down again. All the best accountants agree that there is nothing like double entry." 