THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, JUNE 15,1883. .s» The complete Agricultural Statistics of the Colony of Victoria, for the year ending the 31st March, 1883, which have been recently made public, enable us to compare our neighbours' with our own agricultural progress, and to deal with some questions of considerable importance to the future of this Colony. Victoria is i trying tho popular exporiraont of provid . ing a body of yeomen. The name appears to have a great fascination for the popular ¡mind, and the sacrifices that have been made to get the peoplo on the land and make them stop there must be regarded ,with wonder, if not with unmixed admi- ration. Victoria hss resolved that she will become a wheat exporting country. Though many persons have said, a% Burke did in regard to the representation of the America Colonies, oppositit natura, still the people, especially those in the large towns, .are smitten with a bucolic ideal, and they have incited the Legislature to provide for yeomen, and many persons have taken up selections apparently in the belief that they would become yeomen out of hand. .Year after year tho belief hasbeen rudelyshaken Drought has succeeded to drought in the northern districts, one bad season has followed upon another, and it has at last come to be recognised that a very large proportion of tho land taken up is not suited for the growth of wheat. This change.,from expectation to disappoint- ment has been very severely felt, because 'Victoria has boen thorough in her policy, and has made railways to 'many places solely for the purpose of providing for the carriage of tho wheat that was to be a staple export, but which, it is now being found, cannot be mado to pay in very many places which were to bo a sort of granary of Australia. A glance at tho last agricultural statistics is 'sufficient to prove this. Ia tho first place, we find that tho average yield for tho whole Colony for the past year was only 9'01 bushols to the acre, a quantity quite insufficient toremunorate the grower, especially when a large proportion of the produce has to be sont over one'hundred miles to reach the seaboard, and, if ex- ported, is weighted with a whola series of other charges. In 1881-82 six-sovenths of, the wheat grown in Victoria was pro- duced in twelve counties, and it is a fact worth of note, that in six of those twelve counties the yields were so low for the past two years as to make us, here, wonder, that wheat should be grown there at all, especially when we remember that the selectors aro restricted to an area of 320 acres, and that many of the farms are very much smallor. The yields in bushels per acre from tho six counties referred were as follows for tho last year :-Bendigo, 7'81; Borung, 5 C7 ; Gladstone, 8 29 ; Gun- bower, 3 24 ; Kara Kara, 6 24; Lowan, 9 00. Here aro returns from some of the chief wheat growing districts of the neighbouring Colony which cannot give much, if any, profit to tho grower, but yet our neighbours seom determined to persevere, and it is only very lately that it has como to bo admitted that to struggle against nature is a grave mistake, and is euro to fail in tho end. But low as the yields aro which we have given, there are some even lower, for we find that in tho county of Tatchera the yield for the past year per acre was only 3 08 bushels, and that iu 1881-82 it was as low as 2 37, a return which may well mako us wonder that any- body remained to farm in so vory un- promising a district. Yet, Victoria pro- duced last year1 8,735,400 bushels of whoat, or close upon double the quantity produced there 10 years ago. Ii with suoli yields as these, and with so low a general average,- Victoria is able to export with any profit at all, wo may fairly conclude that this Colony ought to be able to do a large and profitable trade in wheat. We find that in 1881 Victoria exported wheat to the value of £089,254, and it is understood that in the succeeding year the exports were quito as large. It is, of course, evident, looking at the yields obtained, that the Victorian farmer in many instances, could not havo mado much profit from his ventures, and this, no doubt, explains the marked tendenoy whioh now exists to amalgamate the solections, and mako a better living by the growth of wool. But if Victoria and South Australia -the average yield per acre in the latter Colony in 1881 having been only 4-90 bushels to the acre-are able to export at all at a profit, Tasmania ought to be able to dot W i _ .1 ' j. a'^ji^v .v Ldi.jj.i ita i a large and remunerative hvßp%wt$S»an LP^nkof yield shevA^>élndÍ ^ee^j.id^Tho Victorien StMls4*Mr. bushels to tho acorchéteos_our? > own- statistics show '--"tbv< -it- was 18;88, . four^ more,, bushels xthjMi ¡ wo get credit for, and the mis- stateru^t is actually greater than the average yiold from one of the 'counties of Victoria. For the past year, the average yiold of wheat in this Colony was 20 27 busho's to the acre, or more than double the average yield of Victoria, and four times the average of South Australia for tho year 1881\. In view of these figures, we may well wonder that a much larger business in the export of wheat and flour is not done,' and that our farmers do not tike advantage of the splendid opening there is for tho development of the industry which they follow. Victoria-that is, a large portion of that Colony-and South Australia are fighting against an advorse climate. ,The former is meditating vast schemes' of wator-supply to irrigate the parched-up plains and keep the farmers on the land, although it is more and moro evident every year that the struggle will be in vain. Yot wo in this. Colony, where nature favours the industry, and where there is much good land, only pro- duced last year, 946,889 bushels ot wheat, or 30,470 bushels less than in tho previous year. Surely, it is evident that we re- quire both enterprise and population. ' We find that the quantity of wheat and flour exported from Tasmania-flour being reduced to its equivalation in wheat-in 1882-3, was ,73,119 bushels, equal to '605 bushel per head, an increase of 21,079 bushels on the previous year, when the quantity was 52,040 bushels. Beckon- ing the value of a bushel of wheat to bo 5s., the total value of the exports from this Colony would be about £18,279, or a very small fraction of the value of the Victorian exports of this article. Wo do not expect, of course, that this Colony will rival either Viotoria or South Aus- tralia in the export of wheat, seeing the larger populations1 and territories of our neighbour«, but we think that our ex- ports ought to bear at least the same ratio as our population. We have the advan- tage of a climate farjsuperior, our average yield is much higher, so that we are in a position to do a business much more pro- fitable than that of our neighbours, and yet we are very much farther behind than we ought to be. If there is to bo a direct line of steamers to Europe, as pro- posed, wheat should be one of tho largest items in the return cargo, and we can only hope that our farmers will see the value of the opening, and take advantage of it. Our soil and olimato give us an advantage of whioh wo ought to make the most, for our profits might be at least double those of the other Aus- tralian Colonies. There is a marked contrast between the tono of tho leading newspapers in tho different Colonies, and that of the Ministries the question of annexation. Tho Ministries aro hot and eager, and the papers 'subdued and slow. The imagination of Pre- miers and their fellow Ministers seems to bo ¡ñica at tho prospect of the assertion of a 'sort of Bomi- indoporidenco, which shows that the ago of poetry is not quite over, and thero is a sort of stern joy felt that at last they havo got something worthy of their steel pens. Wo can sympathise with thom fully, although wo cannot go on quite at the rate at which thoy desire to travel. We aro glad to see that thoy feel that thoy have souls above buttons. \V° can understand, how thoy musthave wearied of the Great Popkins Ques- tions with which they have hod to deal,and how thoy must have longed to have to tackle subjects that would'gl\c thom scope, and verge for tho oxcioiso of their abilities. It was tlÚB weariness of the flesh of the trivial disputesofthcColoniesbetweencach other and amongst themselves which mado tho action of Queensland vibrato from ona cud of Aus- tralia totho othpr, and moved alike tho parson in his study and the politician in his office. Hore was at once a new and worthy way to fame, and nothing ia moro astonishing than the manner in which colony aftor colony rushed into it, until now no one con tell v>hat arc its depths or bounds. Queens- land's fires palo befoic those of Vic toi ia. Melbourne is, just now, the centre to which all annexation ardors tend, and tlieio lias been such a number of telegrams on the subject as to make us marvel at tho sudden unanimity of the Colonies. Liko tho actors, « hen they do agree, which is not very often, they agree wonderfully, and it is pleasing to seo tho general spirit of union that prevails. Still, it is desirable, wo think, that v e should ropoat what wo have already said, that tho way,to annexation is not quite so clear as some per- sona suppose, and that it is by no means cer- tain that the Homo Government will have anything to do with tho business. Lord Derby spoke decidedly, almost hastily, to a deputation which waited upon him on tho subject, and he positively declined to say ono word until he had heard a great deal more from official sources. He more than hinted a doubt, he moro than hesita- ted disliko, and the reading of his remarks certainly leaves tho impression that the Biitish government is by no moana pleased with tho now ardor and self assertion that havo been dc\ oloped in the Colonies. There is said to bo an understanding be- tween England and Franco that neither will annex the New Hebrides, and if so, matters are furthorcomplicatcd, whilst no one has yet faced the question of expense. The Argus, with us, thinks that the ColonicB aie going too fast'and will defeat their own end. Tho Sydney Morning Herald doubts whether the question of Polynesian annexa- tion should bo Btavtcd with reference to the Now Hebrides, and is, generally, very dubious of the whole affair. The Imperial Government will, wo fancy, tell the Colonies to "be ai8y now," and will desire to lot things alone. Tho damage, however, is dono. Tho word has been spoken, and can- not be recalled, so that Great Britain will havo to decide at once what she moans to do about Polynesia, or at least such por- tions as are likely to effect hor Colonies. At the opening of tho Murray Bridge yes torday, who'n Viotoria and New South Wales indulged in high jinks in celebration of tho union of the railway systems of tho two Colonies, tho Governor of New South WaloB, in reply to an address, ox piessed a vory strong opinion in favour of intercolonial freetrado. Lord Augustus Loftus has spoken in this strain once or twice be- fore, for ho presides over a froo-trado Colony, and is not bound by the considerations wliich ranko tho Marquis of Normanby genet ally vory reticent on this Bubjoot. It Is well that thero is ono Govornor who is ablo to say what he thinks, so that ho can call attention to the facts which aro of importance to tho Colonies, and attack, moro or less diioctly, tho inlserablo shortsighted policy which was at ono time so % ery popular in Viotoria, As a matter of fact, all the leaders aro in favour of intercolonial free trade, oven the loaders of tho protectionist party, but thoy are afraid of tho ruck of poli- ticians, who win votes by a direct appeal to ho vory worst passions of tho woi klug classes, These extremists among^^/tlirrj^klngl ' classes aref-howovort'Äre {pjrfcal than those who are'sappiieed tojlead them, because'they^ ( apply rigidly the prikelples which they have, i been taught are neo»ssaryt»o,their' welfare. If it be desirable to promote local production at all hazards, there .is^no good reason ?why Sydney should bo allowed to com- pete with Melbourne any moro than Great .Britain, ' because the theory is, that by fostering local production wo not "'-'v find employment for tho people, but y\o aiA,laiiy cheapen tho goods produced. But tho tiiw,ry alwayg breaks down. Mel- bourne would iv,¡ut any attempt of Ballarat or Sandhurst to peludo tho protected goods for tho bonofit 0f loonl aitisans, and nono scorned and JCUOunccd tho separation movement in tht Western districts of tho sister Colony so thowUg],iy as tho very persons who clamoured the loudest to bo protected themselves. There never was, and never will be, consistency in this protection business. In Amorica no State is allowed to tax the goods of another State, though all countries outside tho Union are held to be fair game ; and the United States have a longing for Canada, although annexation would remove all Customs dutios, and yet thoy will not allow Canadian goods to oome in except on the payment of an avowedly protective tariff. These questions aro not doalt with on logical grounds. Their ultimate decision is rather the result of compromise, the conaequence of the clash of interests and motives, than the outcome of a calm consideration of what is best to bo done. The matter stands thus with the Australasian Colonies. Thero is a general perception that intercolonial freo trodo would be a very good thing, and that it is absurd to erect harriers against the free intercourse of a people united in blood and one in gonoral interests; only it is not easy to satisfy tho greed of those who believe that cccuuiivencss means gain to them. This being tho case, we think that Lord Loftus does good work in calling attention to tho benefits of free intercourse, and we know that his words are accepted by many who have not yot mustered up the courage to say what they think. Interco- lonial free trade is ono of tho coming ques- tions, and ono which w ill como very soon. Cable Messages.-From our European messages, published this morning, it wal bo seen that another prince of royal blood has joined the Queen's navy. Tho felts at Birmingham in honour of John Bright are proving a great success, and tho political veteran has availed himself of the occasion to deliver an address on his favourite theme-the advantages of universal freo trade. A fool-hardy Frenchman has at- tempted to cross the English channel in a balloon, and nearly lost his Ufo as the penalty of his temerity. Drifting with the wind.ihe was carried far away over the North Sea, but was opportunely rescued by a passing vessol. The Wexford election has resulted in the return, unopposed, of a Mr. Small) who is designated a Parnellito. He was returned unopposed. Tho newly crowned Czar of Russia is exercising his clemency in mitigating the soverity of sen- tence« passed upon Nihilist prisoners. The wool market is still reported as being firm and active. Intercolonial Files -Tho following files of intercolonial papers are to hand :-Vic- toria, Ilth and 12th inst.; Now South Wale«, 8th and 9th inst. Tue Treasurer.-On making enquiries yesterday we were glad to find that Mr. Dodds was slightly bettor, .having enjoyed a ¡tolerably goodnight, and his medical atten- dant, Dr. Smart, is of opinion that the attack of bronchitis, from which Mr. Dodds ia suffering, has passed its climax, and that he will soon be able to leave his bedroom. Ministerial Movements.-The Hon. W. R. Giblin, Premier, who has been attending the Launceston Criminal Sessions in his capacity of Attorney-General, returned to Hobart last night by the express train. He was accompanied by Sir Francis Smith and tho Judge's Associate. Council of Education Examinations. The examinations in connection with tho exhibitions offeied by the Council of Educa- tion aro still proceeding. So far thrco of the local candidates havo failed to pass tho pre- liminary examinations hold in the early part of the week. The result of the exami- nation now pending v> ill not be mado known before Monday afternoon at the earliest. Distinguished Visitor.-The Launceston Examiner says.-Amongst the passengers from Mclbourno by the s.S. Flinders on Wednesday was General Sir F. 1'. Haines, G.C.B., G.C S.I., late Commander in Chief of India, who arrived from London by the R M.S. Indus, and has piocecded to West- bury to visit his son, who has been resident with Major Priestley for some time past. The following record of Sir Frederick Haines's services is taken from tho Army List :-On tho foimation of tho army of the Sutloj in 1845, he was appointed to officiate as Military Secretary to tho Comnmndor-in Clucf in India, Sir Hugh Gough, and in that capacity he Mas present at the battles of Mooakee and Ferozeshah (medal and ona clasp) ; and in the latter engagement ho was severely wounded by grape shot at the attack on the enemy's works, his horse being killed undor him at the samo moment. At tho recommendation of Lord Gough he was promoted to a company in the 10th Foot, without purchase As Military Secretary to his lordship he served in tho Punjaub campaign of 1848-9, and waa pre- sent at the afluir of outposts at Ramnuggar, 22nd November, 1848, and subsequent operations resulting m the passage,of the Chenab, and the battles of Chilhanwallnh and Goojerat (medal with two claBps). Served with the 21st Fusiliers in tho Eastern campaign of 1854-5, including tho battles of Alma, Balaclava, and Inkerman, and siege of Sebastopol (medal with four clasps, 5th class of tho Mojedic, and Turkish medal). Sir Frederick Haines was succeeded in tho command in India by Sir Donald Stewart. Local Option.--A public meeting will bo held this evening, at 7*30, in the Alhanco Rooms, to arrange for obtaining signatures to tho local option petitions from Hobart and its suburbs. Members of temperance societies and all others interested in the movement are requested to attend. Band ok Hope.-The first anniversary of tho Melville-street Band of Hope was cele- brated last evening by a tea and public moot- ing held in the Mechanics' Institute. A sub- stantial and woll arranged tea was provided and served by the young people belonging to the Band of Hope, and. tho remainder of the evening was occupied by addresses, music, &c.; Mr. W. F. Brownell presided, and addressed to tho meeting a fow en- couraging remarks. Messrs. Kirk and Aus- tin and tho Rev. Mr. Merriman also spoko. A tempeianco dialogue was given by Masters P. and G. Lloyd, and elicited hearty ap- plause. Musical selections, consisting of songs and choral numbers, agreeably varied the proceedings, which proved highly suc- cessful. Thero was a large attendance. Tasmanian Bioicle Club.-This club had another of their very pleasant runs last evening. There were prosent-Messrs. A. F. Sharland, W. E. Pretyman, H. Homo, W. Montgomorie, E. Pretyman, W. Clewor, Alex. McGregor, J. Wise, W. F. Pretyman, E. Watchorn, and some others who wore mot on the road, in cliargo of tho captain, G. K. Hinsby. The start waa mado from tho Post Office, and a trip mado nearly to Bridge- water, at a brisk pace. Thero were a few casualties on the road. Mr. J. Wise had tho misfortune to run into some metal and upset, but no great harm was done. Mr. Alex. McGregor, in trying to turn too sharply, went over and bent the wheel of his machine a little. Town was reached at 10 o'clock. After a few runs round town in single and double filo, tho meet broko off at tho Post Office, after a very pleasant run of 20 miles. Messrs. Hinsby ana Sharland intend trying the run to Green Ponds and back on Tues- day afternoon, to soo how long it will take thom. Lawn Tennis.-Tho handicap matches will be continued on the cricket ground to- morrow afternoon, commencing at 1*30. Mr. C. H. Westwood gives J 15 to Mr. A. Chancellor ; Mi. S. K. Chapman and Mr. W. J, Campboll, and Mr. Harold Wright and C. H. Westwood, play lovel. Football,-Ratlway v. New Town.-Tho first sixtcens of theso clubs will play their fit st match togethoi this season on tho New Town ground. A'bus, for tho convenience of theRailway team, will loavo Hood's corner at 2 15 p.m. sharp. Tho Now Town secretary having failed to (supply us writh his team, we arc nimble to publish the nama of tho players. Cricketers v. Holebrook.-A match will bo played on tho association ground on Satur- day noxt botween the first sixteen» of the above clubs. Playr will commence at 2'30 p.m. The following will comprise the re- spective teams ',-Cricketers: L, H. Macleod, 1 ...I ./' I , ?R. G. Kirby, G. Field, E. Burgess, C. Kean, «. C.Lowia, J. Reid, W. Watchorn, W. D. W. Edmondson, Ii. Roberts, F. Knight, A. Sinclair, F. Tabart, V. Harris, G. Synnot, 'B. H. Webster, miebrooh : W. H. Stuart, A. M. Stuart, H. Gibson, G. Garrard, C. Goddard, E. Stuart, H. Grant, W. C. Walch, C. Jones, P. Butler, R. Crosby, C. Pringlo, G. Road, E. Fincham, A. Ward, H. Fysch. Holebrook v. Cricketers (second sixteens).-Tho second sixteons of tho Hole brook and Cricketers will playa match on tho Battery ground to-morrow. Play will com- mence at 2'30 p.m. The s.S. Austral.-This vessel, which loft Sydney on tho 9th inBt. for Glasgow, has, according to our cabio messages, put into Auckland disabled. The message adds that it is believed that there is nothing soriously wrong, and in this hopo all will concur. City Police Court.-The Acting Police Magistrate and Mr. C A. Qucsdon, J.P., presided in tho police court yesterday. A lino of 5s., or soven days'imprisonment, waa inflicted on a drunkard brought up for tho first time. Inspector Duggan proceeded against Charles Cullen, a carter, for cruelty to his horse. The defendant pleaded guilty. It appeared that he had been jerking the bit, and sawing it in the horse's mouth, while driving a dray along Davey- street. He was fined 10s., in default 14 days' imprisonment. A majntenanco case, lleid v. Jleitl, was adjourned till Tuesday, owing to the absence of tho defendant ; and another waa dismissed ou account of tho non-appear- ance of tho complainant. Bellerive Pouce Court.-Tho Warden (Mr. Honry Lamb, M.H.A.) and Mr. R. J, Morrisby, occupied tho bench at tho Belle- rive Folleo Court yesterday. Margaret Mansfield pleaded guilty to a charge of using obscono lauguago, at Rokeby, on tho 7th inst. The Bench sentenced hor to pay a fine of 5s., and 8s. Cd. costs. L. Knight pleaded guilty to a breach of the Police Act by allowing ona horse te stray in the township of Rokeby. He was fined Is., costs re- mitted. Georgo Smith pleaded guilty to driving a vehicle at night without having a lighted lamp, and was fined 2s. Cd., and 3a. 9d. costs. Stuart v. Swift.-Tho defendant pleaded not guilty to neglecting to send his child to school, but the case was proved, and the defendant fined Is., and 3s. 9d. .oats. Glenorchy Police.-The Warden (Mr. C. Ball) and Mr. S. P. H. Wright pre- sided at yesterday's Glenorchy Police Court. There Was only one case before the Bench, Brimfald v. Turnley, the latter being charged with profanely swearing on the 7th inst. The information was laid under the 24th by-law of the municipality. I j appeared from the evidence of Richard Parker, George Kinshott, and Wm. Wobb, all of whom are employed at the Rabbit and Fruit Preserving Factory,that tho defendant, who, with tho complainant, was also em- ployed at the factory, asked the complainant to assist bim. The latter declined, stating that he had a bad hand, whereupon words ensued, and tho dofendant used very bad language, and threatened to knock the com Slainant'a tooth down his throat. Tho evi enco was to some degree conflicting, but the magistrates considered the caso proved, and fined the defendant 5s., with 10s. 6d., costs of court, and 7s. 6d., costs of witnesses. The defendant, who had pleaded not guilty, in- formed tho Bench that a witness who had promised to attend without a summons and give evidence on his bohalf had failed to do so. A Court of General Sessions was held subsequently boforo the same magistrates. Thero was only one case set down for hearing, and that was settled out of court. The Theatre.-The popularity of the Clark and Ryman company increases with each evening a performance, last night's au- dience being the largest and most apprecia- tive that has yet greeted the porformcrs. An entirely new programme was presented, and quite realised tho expectations that had been formed. In tho first portion of the enter- tainment, Bovcral members of the company gave songs and ballads of various types in excellent style. Tho performers here en- gaged wore Miga Nora Martin, Miss Lillie 'Linden, Mr. Dave Gardner, and Mr. F. M. Clark, and their contributions wcro 'followed by a little sketch, brimful of uproarious fun, called by its author (Mr. Clark) "Barnum's Baby Elephant." Miss Nora Martin also sang a character song, "The Flower Girl," with much tasto and expression; and Mr. S. Dcarin's sketch "Music Mad" was fairly representativo of tho merits of this performer. The Missos Vena and Florrie De Gay, always valuable members of any company thoy may bo joined with, were as appreciable as ever with their violin and pianoforte contribu- tions. Mr. D. Gardner s burlesque balinda, etc., were a fenturo in their way. Tho concluding part of the performance was a vory laughablo "comedy" entitled Muldoon's Picnic. Tho first net takes place in Muldoon's house, mid tho second represents the picnic itself. The Muldoon family is in force, and employs the services of Mr. A. Ryman and Misses Lillie Linden, May Tracey, and Nora Mar- tin. The character of Denis Mulcnhoy, an intimate acquaintance of Muldoon's, waa taken by Mr. Clark. MesBra. Gardner, Dearin, Gonzales, Donovan, and Misses Maud Page, and Vena and Florrio de Gay also took part in tho burlesque. This bill will bo maintained till tho end of the weok, and on Monday night another chango will bo mado. Trinity Association.-In our advertising columns tho programme of tho concert to be given in the Trinity Hill Schoolroom this evening by the members of tho church choir is published in full. It is by far the beat programmo arranged during this session of concerts, and thero ia every reason to believe that a large audienco will assemble. The public aro reminded that the series of concerts is intended as a means towards rais- ing funds for the purchoso of a now organ for tho Trinity Church. New Norfolk Special Sessions. - A special Court of Appeal will be held at'New Norfolk to-day, to deal with appeals against the municipal rating. Benevolent Society.-The weekly moot- ing of the Benovolent Society waa held yesterday afternoon. Present : Mesara. R. A. Mather (chnirman)i W.' F. Brownell, and J. Witherington. Tho minutes of the pre- vious meeting wero road and confirmed. Tho registrar reported that 40 cases, repre- senting 145 individuals, wore relieved last week with 42 full and four half-rations. Three new easeä wcro investigated and re- lieved. Tho return from tho New Town Invalid Depot showed that seven males and one female had been discharged during the week. Eight Government cases wore re nowed. The registrar stated that he had received the following additional donations to tho fuel fund :-Air. Wilson, sen., 5 tons wood j Mr. Geo. Wilson, 5 tons wood ; and Mr. G. T. Johnson, £5. i Missionary Work in India.-Tho Rov. G. O. Nowport, a missionary minister from India, gave an interesting description, with illustrations, of his labours in that country, last evonlng, at the Congregational Church, New Town. There was a very fair attend- ance, the Rev. M. Nisbet, pastor of the church, occupying tho chair. The lecture Was similar to that delivered by the rev, feutlomcn on Wednesday evening last at tho lavcy-strcot Congregational Church, noticed in our columns of yesterday. It is |icedless to "say that tho lecturer was listened to with marked attention, his fluent delivery and graphie descriptive powers making his re- cital a very cnjoyablo one. At the conclu- sion of tho lecture a collection was mado in aid of tho London Missionary Society. The singing of the doxology bl ought tho pro- ceedings to a close. i Colonial Loans.-Tho London corres- pondent of the Melbourno Argus, writing on monotary matters, thus roferH to tho Tas- manian loan :-Tho Bank of Now South Wales and tho Consolidated Bank having been instructed to negotiate a loan of £500,000 for tho Tasmanian Government, tenders wore opened on Tuesday, May 2, when it waa found that only £500,200 had bcon applied for. The required amount waa thus barely covered, and persons présent, experienced ¡ii financial operations, declared that they had never before met with a case in which a borrowing Government had succeeded, and yet bo narrowly escaped a partial failure. The loan waa a fairly tempt- ing one, it being Issued at a minimum of »8, with accrued interest from the lstof January, though the bulk of tho money will havo to bo paid up by the 5th of Juno. This ia purdy nu investors loan, no speculative tenders having been sent in. Tho fact that thero wero about 123 tenderers for half a million shows that thoy wero individually for compara- tively small amounts. Only four or five of tho largo financial houses wcro among the subscribers, and their applications woio on bohalf of clients. There was ono tender for £75,000, at i'08 9a.; two for £50,000, at £08 Ga. Od. and £98 3s.; one for £01,000, at £98 5s. Od. ; one for £55,000, nt £98 5a. ; ono for £25,000,' lit £98 5s. Od. ; mid seven at £10,000, at£98lB. to £98 10s. Od. Tho bulk of tho tenders ranged from £100 to £5,000, the prices ranging from £98 to £101 13s. (k1. The average prion realised wsb £98 10s. Tho molloy is required partly for the construction of reproductive works, and partly for tho redemption and consoli- dation of certain loans bearing a higher rate of interest." Referring to the now Quconsland loan tho samo authority says : " The Quoonsland National Bank, acting as agenta for tho Government of Queensland, announce that thoy aro prepared to receivo tenders on Wednesday, May 9, for £2,500,000, in 4 per cent debentures, being part of an authorised issue of £3,733,000. Tho money is required for reproductivo purposes, in eluding raiiv nys, immigration, improvement of harbours and rivors, and electric tele- graphs, and also for tho redemption of £707,500 of 0 por cent, debentures maturing on 1st of January, 1884. Tho Government expressly ongages that tho balance shall not bo negotiated for at least ono yenr from the dato of the present issue. Tho minimum price of issue ia fixed at £97 per cent. It ia stated that a bill for tho conversion of tho loan into inscribed Btock, free of charge, at the option of tho holder, is already prepared, and will bo introduced by tho Government during the next session of Parliament. A memorandum supplied with tho prospectus states that tho existing indebtedness of the colony is £13,125,000, whilo the population is only 227,000, on which tho Standard re- marks:-"Tho colony could not livo and pay its way, iu short, but for ita heavy sales of lands. To treat the capital obtained from these landa as rovomio, and borrow on it, ia surely not wiso. With this now loan added, tho debt per hoad will approach £70. Tho financial world is fairly bewil- dered with the rush of colonial loans. They aro greatly in oxcess of the absorbing power of tho markot, and cannot fail to depress moro and moro tho value of existing four por cent, stocks. It is worthy of notice that tho issue price of loans ia ou a descending scab. Tho lato Now Zealand was offered at £98 10s., tho Tasmanian, just negotiated, was offered at £98, and now the Quoeublond is ' offered at £97. What chanco will tho coming Victorian loan have at £100 ?" The Brunswick Bank Robbery.-Somo further evidence was taken at tho polico court, Melbourne, on Monday, tho 11th inst., in support of the charco against Henry Palmor, with a string of aliases, of stealing £711 from the Colonial Bank, Brunswick, on 17th April. William Henry Miller, ac- countant at tho Bank of Victoria, said that on 25th April tho prisoner called and wished to open mi account in the name of Trent, a commercial travellon Tho prisoner paid in somo money, but it was ascertained that the numbers of two £10 notes corresponded with the numbers of two of thoso stolen. This fact was communicated to tho accused when he called again, and ho was asked if ho would as- sist tile bank intracingtherobbery. Hesaidlio would, and explained that ho got tho notes at Albury. Ho promised to call and hear the result of enquiries at tho Colonial Bank, but did not do so. Tho officials at the Lon- don Chartered Bank gave evidence of a man who resembled the prisoner opening an ac- count thero. James Hogan, warder at tho Sandhurst gaol, stated that tho prisoner carno to the gaol on 5th May, and asked to see a prisoner named William Anderson. He was told ho could not see him, and ho asked if ho could loavo Anderson any money. Samuel Rosser, senior wardor of tho Sand- hurst gaol, corroborated tho ovidouco of the last witneas, and said tho prisoner left 30 sovereigns and a letter for Anderson. It was also proved that he had left Ssovcrcigns for a prisoner in Pontridgo. Tho further hearing was adjourned until tho following day. Church Celebration.-Tho Age of the 11th instant, says:-"A ceremony of rare occurrence on a Sunday took place yesterday at Essendon, when the foundation stone of St. Monica's Roman Catholic Church was laid by tho Very Rev. Dean Fizpatrick, V.G., assisted by tho Rev. Archdeacon Hogan, of Tasmania ; tho Rev. Father Cahill, S.J.;and the pastor of the church, Rev, Fathor Moran. A lengthy and impressive sermon, appro- priate to the occasion, waa preached by the Rev. Father Cahill, S.J., prior to tho core mony, in the rather primitivo building which has been used for holding tho services of tho church in for somo yoars past. There wcro about 250 persons present to witness the ceremony, after which a subscription list was opened and liberally responded to, nearly £200 being subscribed towards tho building fund. Among tho subscriptions wag a cheque for £25 from the pastor of the church." An Eccentric Testator.-Tho Ballarat Courier says :-A vory curious will baa fallen into tho hands of the polico at Am- herst. It ia tho last testament of Win. Nicholson, an old man who died in a hut at Amherst Flat last wcok, of starvation, leav- ing a little fortuno of C3 sovereigns in his hut, and an account in a bank at Talbot. Tho will bequeaths tho bulk of his property to a friend in Canada and a nephew, and further as follows:-"To S- Al-and M B-, one shilling to pay for a trcatiao on truth, honesty, and morality; to M-N tho sum of aixpence, to keep for over, to re- mind her of her nntruthfulncss, dishonesty, and depravity. I givo to W-N-- six Iionco to buy a tin whistle to blow ' on-a ying fool is fit for nothing olse. I 'give 'to R-M-tho sum of sixpence, tho father of lying roguoB, to buy a rope. Ho knows the use I want bim to make of it." The will is duly signed and witnessed, but no execu- tors aro appointed. The deceased had a wife, but, owing tojhis miserly ways, sho could not livo with iiini, and is now at sorvico in Mel- bourne. His property was claimed on hor behalf, but the police have taken possession of it for tho present. It is said that a magis- terial enquiry should have been held into tho cause of Nicholson's death-ho was found dead in his hut apparently from starvation but the coroner gave an order for the burial of the body. , , A Bewildered Sufferer. - Physicians descant at times learnedly on nervous exci- tants and tho sympathy of one part of tho body corporeal with another during physical suffering. A Ballarat paper gives an in- stance of this latter susceptibility which had a decidedly humorous aspect. Our con- temporary says :-It is related of an old nogro that he had such an invulnerable cranium that ho could break tho hardest Dutch cheese by butting it Uko a bull. On ono occasion, howovor, his master thought ho was capable of doing oven more, and placing a grindstone in a sack, got tho negro to break it in tho same manner, which he did after ono or two attempts, but stated " Dat w'bb tho only cheese dat ever put a dint in my hoad." This negro has been equalled by a Hibernian stockman, who had a run with tho Ballarat hounds on a recant Saturday, Having como down at a fence, the animal he had been riding lunged out with hia hind legs, and caught Pat fair on tho head. Tho rattle of the concussion waa heard al! over the field, and tho poor fellow waa sent spinning abbout threo or four yards. A few of thoso nearest the scono of the accident thought it was sorious ; but not so, for our Hiber- nian friend at once jumped upon his feet, and rubbing down his log, ejaculated, " Bo jabera, I t link the basto has broko my log entirely." The displacement of the scat of pain was so rapid and so ridiculous that laughter was irieslBtlblo ; but after a mo- ment or two, the senso of feeling having found its way back to tho propor quarter, ho fell to theground partially stunned. Howovor, ho soon recovered, but was not then certain whether tho vioious animal had kicked him on the head or tho leg, Mr. Newport will delivor a special lecture on "Zenana Mission, or Woman's work in India," in the Memorial Hall to-night at 7'30 o'clook, A publio meeting will be held in Kean's Rooms, Campbell Town, on tho 19th inst. for the purpose of taking into consideration, the aotlon of the Central Government in reference to the road from Campbell Town to Swansea, A meeting of the members of person» Inter, eated in the New Town Association will be held at Mr. S. Hughes', New Town, this evening. The annual meeting of the members of the Tasmanian Poultry Society will be held in the Mechanics' Institute on the 9th inBt. at 8 p ni. Mr. B. Stafford Bird will preach in St, Andrew's Presbyterian Church, on Sunday next, morning and evening. Divine service Ib conducted every Sunday evening in the Queenborough schoolroom, com- mencing at 7 p m. The Southern Hunt Club hounds will meet at Brighton, on the 23rd inst., and at Oatlands on the 30th InBt. Mr. T. Blackwell has kindly given a buok for Brighton. Nevkii Kbiuuk,-It is said that ono out of «very four real Invalids who KO to foreign countries to re- cover health novor return, oxcept at a corpse. Tua undertakers, next to tho hotol-keopors, huvo tim moil iirofltnlilo bunine»». Tills oxccsslve mortality limy bo provontod lind patients »lived mid cured under tho euro of friend» and loved onus ut lioino, If thoy will but uso Hop Bitter» In tim». Head. Kowland'h Odonto Is celebrated as tho boat, purest, mid moat fragrant preparation fortho tooth avormado. Health depends In a great moaeuro upon the sound- ness of tlio tooth »ml their freedom from decay, and all dentists allow that nelthor washes or paute« can ixmibly bo as clllcacluus for polishing tho tooth and scoping thom sonnd anti white sa a puro and non gritty tooth-powder ¡ mon Nowlands' Odonto hat always proved itsolt to bo. nowlands' Macassar Oil, known for 80 yoara ni tho boat and safest prosorvor and beatitlfler of the human hair; It contains no load, poisonous, or spirituous Ingredients, and It la capoolally adapted for cliHdron's use, and can now also bo had In a Rolden colour. Rowland's Kulydor pro- duces a boatttlful and (iolleato complexion. Ask any dealer In perfumery for Howland'» articles. 10-1-84 Ghosts.-An nttompt Is being mado In tho old country to roWvo tho belief In visitants from anotlio) world, and many aro tho wondorful «torlea that ür, »onie of the Journals. Tho sceptical mind Is, howevolt Inellntd to adopt Scroogo'a remark to Marloy'a glioatr " How do I know that you aro not a bit of undigested bread!" for, of all tho ghost producer», a lilt of " heavy " broad la tho moat potent. It la a womlor. therefore, that people do not adopt the surest spoil agalnat ghost» by using llorwlck'a Gold Medal Baking rowder In making bread ; for, although It won't " raise ghosts," It will ralas bread In the moat ad- mirable faahlon. Every wita storekeeper hu it by him, and every good houwwlfe buys H. 21-0-8». 