ENTHRONEMENT OF THE BISHOP OF ADELAIDE. T H I S DAT. The ccremony of the enthronement of the Ri^ht llev. George WyndhamKcnnion. D.D.> as Bbhop cf Adcla ; de, has been looked forward to with the greatest amount of interest by the whole of the religious community of South Australia, for by it the Church of E-igland lias placcd at its head its spiritual leader ard adviser. The clergy with the Bishop assembled at St. Barnabas's College as 10 o'clock in their vestments, and formed in a procession to the Cathedral in the following order:—Honorary Wardens, Synodsmen, Choristers. Lay Clerks, Deacons, Priests, Honorary Canons, Dr. Dendy (the Precentor), Canon Coombs, aud the Archdeacon of Flinders (Canon Dove), the Archdeacon of Adelo ; de, Dean Russell, the Bishop's Chaplain bearing the Pastoral Staff, and then Bishop Reunion, followed by the Re gistrar (Mr. Sturcke). The procession entered the Cathedral while Hymn No. 392 was being sung, and after prayers and responsss had been given the Dean gave a special Collect as follows :— O Thou Good Shepherd of the sheep, who hast gathered to Thvself a great flock in all parts of the •world, as-ist with Thy heavenly grace all Bishops and pastors that they may lead Thy people into good pastures, and bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. And for this Thy servant, who has been invested •with the office of a Bishop, .we pray that it may please Thee to grant Mm such strength of faith and lervour of love and purity of life that he may use his office well. So we that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever: Who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth one God. World without end. Aman. Then were sung the proper Psalms exxii., cxxxii., cxxxiiL At the conclusion of the Psalms the Bishop delivered to the Dean his letters commendatory from the Archbishop of Canterbury, which the Dean handed to the Registrar, to be read before the congregation. The Registrar then read them as follows:— To all Christian people to whom these presents shall come : We the Most Reverend Archibald Campbell, Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England and Metropolitan; the Right Reverend Joseph Barber, Lord Bishop of Durham; the Right Reverend Edward Harold," Lord Bishop of Winchester; the Right Reverend Edward White, Lord Bishop of Trnro; and the Right Reverend William Walsham, Bishop of Bedford, send greeting: Whereas we have been duly requested and authorized by the Synod of the Diocese of Adelaide, in the province of South Australia, with the approval of the several Bishops of Australia and Tasmania, to appoint a fit and proper person to be Bishop of the .See of Adelaide aforesaid, now vacant by' the resignation of the Right Reverend Augustus .Short, D.D., late Bishop thereof. Now, we the said Archibald Campbell, Lord Archbishop of Canterbury ; Joseph Barber, Lord Bishop of Durham ; Edward Harold, Lord Bishop of Winchester ; Edward White, Lord Bishop of Truro; and William Walsham, Bishop of Bedford, do hereby certify that, acting under the authority so delegated to us, we have appointed the Reverend George Wyndham Kennion, M.A., to be Bishop of the said See of Adelaide. As -witness our hands this first day of Augnst, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two. A. C. CANTUAR. J. B. DUNELM. E. H. WINTON. E. W. TRURON. WM. WALSHAM BEDFORD. This is to certify that the within appointment of the Reverend George Wyndham Kennion, M.A., as Bishop of the See of Adelaide, in the province of South Australia, was duly registered and recorded in the principal registry of the Archi-Episcopal See of the province of Canterbury. Dated the 29th day of November, 1882. JOHN HASSARD, Principal Registrar. On Thursday, the thirtieth day of November, in the year of our Lord one .thousand eight hundred and eighty-two (being Saint Andrews Day, the Apostle and Martyr), and in the fourteenth year of the translation 0/ the Ri«ht Honourable and Most Reverend Father in God" Archibald Campbell, by Divine Providence Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England and Metropolitan, and in the Jerusalem Chamber, situate in the Deanery of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, in the City of Westminster, -where the Right Honourable John, Lord Bishop of London, and~other Right Reverend Bishops, the Dean of the said Collegiate Church, and others had assembled, the Royal Writ and Mandate of Her Most Gracious Majesty was presented by -me the undersigned, Principal-Registrar of the province of Canterbury, to the said Lord Bishop of London, together with a commission from the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, -which commission was accepted by the said Lord Bishop of London and the Right Reverend Bishops therein mentioned; and then the Right Reverend the Bishops aforesaid, together -with the Reverend the BishoD (selected and appointed to fill the See of Adelaide) mentioned in the said Royal Mandate, accompanied by the Very Reverend the Dean and Canons of the said Collegiate Church, proceeded into tbe said Collegiate Church, and afcer prayers there to Almighty God and a sermon, the said Lord Bishop of London passed from the north side of the Holy Communion table, and standing by the chair placed for and usually occupied by the Archbishop of Canterbury, commanded the commission from His Grace to be l-ead. The said commission was read by me the undersigned, Principal Registrar, in the words following : — Archibald Campbell, by Divine Providence Lord Archbishop o! Canterbury, Primate of all England and Metropolitan.—To the Bight Reverend Fathers in Christ, John, LordBishop of London: Edward Harold, Lord Bishop of Winchester; Anthony Wilson, Lord Bishop of Rochester; and William Dalrymple, Lord Bishop of Lichfield, greeting: Whereas we have received Her Majesty's licence, under her Royal sign manual and signet, authorising and empowering us to consecrate the Reverend George Wyndham Kennion, M.A., to be a Bishop to the intent that he should exercise his functions in one of Her Majesty's possessions abroad; and whereas, by reason of our ill state of health we are unable personally to consecrate the said George Wyndham Kenmon, we do therefore grant our commission and authority, by virtue of these presents, to you, or any three of you, to consecrate the said George Wyndham Kennion on Thursday, the thirtieth day of November instant (beinj the feast of Saint Andrew), in the Collegiate ChurcL of Saint Peter at Westminster, and to do and perform all and singular thing and things, act and acts, which are by law then and there to be done in the said business of consecration. Given at Addington, in the County of Surrey, the twenty-fourth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, and in the fourteenth year of our translation.—A. C. CAXTAUR. Then the said Lord Bishop of London took his seat, and the Reverend George Wyndham Kennion, D.D. (the Bishop selected and appointed as aforesaid), having been duly presented, directed the Queen's Mandate to be read, the tenor of the Royal Mandate being as follows :— Victoria Reg.—Victoria, by the crace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith.—To the e c t d s N t P s d d f c i Most Reverend Father in God, Archibald Campbell, by Divine Providence Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England and Metropolitan, greeting: Whereas you the said Archbishop have lumbly applied to us for our licence by warrant under our sign manual and signet, authorizing and empowering you to consecrate our trusty and wellbeloved George Wyndham Kennion, Master of Arts, to be a Bishop to the intent that he should exercise his functions in one of our possessions abroad. Now it is our will and pleasure, and we do by this our licence under our sigh manual and signet authorize and empower you the said Archbishop to consecrate the said George Wyndham Kennion to be a Bishop ; and we do further authorize and empower you to do, perform, and execute all and singular those things which belong to your pastoral office in respect of such consecration as aforesaid, according to the laws, statutes, and canons in this behalf made aud provided. Given at our Court at Balmoral this sixth day of November, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-two, in the forty-sixth year of our reign. By Her Majesty's commands.—KIMBEKLUY. And the said Royal Mandate and Commission liaviug been so read by me the undersigned, John Hassard, Notary Public, Principal Registrar of the province of Canterbury ; the Right Honourable and Right Reverend Father in God, John, by Divine permission, Lord Bishop of London ; the Right Reverend Edward Harold. Lord Bishop of Winchester- Anthony Wilson, Lord Bishop of Rochester; and William Palrymple, Lord Bishop of Lichfield ; in virtue and in pursuance of the said commission of the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and by the authority of the aforesaid Royal Mandate, consecrated the aforesaid Reverend George Wyndham Kennion, D.D., a Bishop, to the intent that he should exercise his functions abroad, as mentioned in the said Royal Mandate, the following Right Reverend Bishops assisting at the consecration, viz.: -Doctor Augustus Short (late Bishop of Adelaide), Doctor Vincent William Ryan (late Bishop of Mauritius). Doctor Isaac Helmuth (late Bishop of Huron), Doctor Samuel Thornton (Bishop of Ballarat), Doctor Andrew Burn Suter (Bishop of Nelson), and Doctor William Walsham How (Bishop Suffragan of Bedford), the rites, circumstances, and ceremonies anciently used in the Church of England being observed and applied according to thelform and maimer prescribed in the book entitled •' The form and manner of making and consecratin" Bishops, Priests, and Deacons," in the presence o"f me, John Hassard, Notarv Public and Principal Registrar of the province of Canterbury, there beins also then and there present the Very Reverend George Granville Bradley, D.D., the Dean of the aforesaid Collegiate Church, and the Reverend Frederick William Farrar, D.D., one of the Canons of the said Collegiate Church, together with Harry Wilmot Lee, Esquire, oue of the Secretaries of the said Most Reverend the Archbishop of Canterbury, wi th many others then and there assembled. Which I attest. JOHN HASSARD, Registrar and Notary Public. The Bishop then made the following declaration -.— 1 George Wyndham, Bishop of Adelaide, do herebj promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Church and Diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, not lording it over God's herit-ige, but endeavouring to show myself in all things an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen. The Dean then took the Bishop by the right hand, and conducted him to the throne within the al:ar-rails, aud said the following words:— In the name of (Jod, Amen. By virtue of my office as Dean of this Catlmdral Church, and in bohalf of the Dean and Chapter and of the Synod of Adelaide, I Alexander Russell, Bachelor of Divinity, do induct thee, George Wyndham Kennion, Doctor of Diviuitv, into the occupation of the Sec and Diocese of Adelaide, and therewith do instal thee in the possession, authority, and jurisi'iction which pertain to the Bishop of this See hi accordance with the fpn'amental provisions and regulations of this Diocesa. The anthem. " Awake, awake, put on thy strongth, O Zioiy' by Dr. Staiuer, having been simg, the Bishop then proceeded with the Holy Communion, the Archdeacon of Adelaide acting as Epistoler, and the Archdcacon of Flinders as Gospeller. After the Nicene Creed Hymn No. 310 was suug, and then followed the sermon bv the Bishop. Immediately after the sermon the offertory Eentenccs were sung, during which the Wardens received the alms of the people, which on this occasion were devoted towards the completion of the Cathedral, and which were presented and placed by the Bishop upon the Holy Table. At the conclusion of the service the following addresses were presented to the Bishop in St. Barnabas's College, and he responded suitably to them. To the Right Rev. George Wyndham Kennion, D.D., Lord Kishop of Adelaide. Right Rev. Father in God—In the name of 5,GOO Sunday-school children, taught by some 600 teachers, in tbe Diocese of Adelaide, we members of tbe Church of Enslana Sandayschool Union wish to approach your Lordship upon your arrival in South Australia with an earnest expression of filial respect for the high office you come among us to fill. In the tidings which have reached us of yonr important labours in England we have noticed with great satisfaction that the Sunday-school work of the Church has always had in your Lordship a prominent and zealous supporter. This inspires us with strong confidence that those of your Lordship's fiock special whom interest we by represent you. will be looked upon with . We venture to hope that m the position trf President of our Union, which you hold by virtue of your office, you will so far as your varied episcopal duties allow assist and direct us by your wisdom and experience in the details of Sunday-school organization. Should your Lordship find it impracticable to afford us very much of your time we shall be sustained and encouraged by knowing that we have your warm personal sympathy and & place in your piavers. With a hearty wclcome from the Sunday-schools of yonr Dioccse, we are, your Lordship's obedient and faithful servants in Christ, C. MARRYAT, M.A. W. WARNER W. B. ANDREWS W. J.LAPIDGE T. FIELD, M.A., H. D. HOLHKS F. S. POOLE, M.A. w. H. HOLMES FRED. T. WHITINGTON J. C. B. MONCRIEFF. G. W. J. THORNTON, Hon. Treasurer. FIUNK H. CARTER, Hon. Secretary. Executive Committee Church of England Sundayschool Union, South Australia. To the Right Rev. George Wyndham Kennion, by Divine Permission Lord Bishop of Adelaide. Eight Rev. Father in God—We the Synod of the "Diocese of Adelaide desire to offer yon a cordial and affectionate welcome on your arrival amongst ns; and to assure you that you may rely on our co-operation with your Lordship in the measures you may take for the good of the Church- When the Synod delegated the election of our Bishop to the late revered Archbishop of Canterbury and other English Bishops our prayers were offered to God that it would please Him to afford to those men His divine guidance ic choosing one •who would be to us a true chief pastor. We may humbly hope that those prayers were not offered ia vain. The earnestness, the devotion, and the success of your ministry as a parish priest were made known to ns, and we rejoice to think that the qualities which so attached to you your former nock will now in this Dioccse have a still larger field of exercise. A great work is before the Church in this country, which can only be accomplished by the union of our three orders—Bishop, Clergy, and Laity. We trust that you may have such blessing on your Episcopate as to cause yon to rejoice that the call to be our Bishop came to you, even thongb it may have involved the rending asunder of associations that were very dear and sacred. We offer you a hearty welcome, and the assurance of oar dutiful obedience, and we are with all respect, Your faithful servants in Christ Jesus. Signed on behalf of the Synod of the Diocese of Adelaide, A. RUSSELL, Dean of ALFRED SPENCE Adelaide C. H. T. CONNOK WILLIAM B. ANDREWS, ARTHUR BOULT Hon. Canon C. B. YOUNG CHARLES MARRYAT, GEO. M. TURNBULL Archdeacon of Adelaide W. D. SCOTT NATHL. OLDHAM GEORGE DOVE, Arch- JAS. H. CUSNNIGHAM deacon of Flinders S. TOMKINSON FiliNH. COGHLAN H. S. ANTUOXV F. SLANET POOLE, M.A. WILLIAM BABLOW THOMAS FIELD, M.A. WJL S. DOUGLAS SAMUEL FRENCH J. G. PITCHER. J. C. BRAY AUGUSTUS STURCKE, Secretary- Standing Committee of Synod. Chnrch Office, Adelaide. March 7,1883. 