THE POSfTMAN'S STOUT. 44 Aa I was saying, it was Valentine's day, 1872\. My route was from Seventh to Twelfth on Spruce street. The locality was a good deal more fashionable then than now, and some very high-toned folks lived there. We won't mention no names nor give no numbers, but the particular young lady I'm going to tell you about lived just above Tenth street. I had a pretty big load and was not in the best of temper with my w»rk, but when a beautiful young lady opened the door herself in her eagerness to get the large envelope which was addressed to her, and smiled her thanks at me, I felt a different man. Nor did I feel the worse after the hot cup of coffee which a servant had ready for me, as instructed by the young lady, for it was a bitter raw morning and the bullet wound in the shoulder, whioh I got at the second battle of Bull Bun, was twitching very bad. Now a postman can't help noticing his letters a bit. Everybody hasn't got a letter box to drop 'em in— of course, I am referring to routes of private houses—and you are often kept waiting a half minute or so at the door. The things I've read on postal oards are a caution I can tell you. A postman learns a good deal acoiden. tally about other people's affairs—but to come back to the young lady. 441 took an interest in her from that 14th day of February, and generally glanced at her envelopes. She got a good many, but nearly all were in ladies' handwriting; letters from girl friends and invitations to balls and receptions and such like, I guess. The exceptions were letters in a bold, masouline handwriting, all written by the earns man; there was no doubt about that. At first I brought them once a week, and then, after a little while. r d evefy day, and sometimes twice a day. She often took them in herself, and I always felt happy for the rest of the day. Her bright smile sort of went through me. Once or twice I received a letter from her to post to • him, I was sure, not that she told me so, but I could tell it was by the way she blushed when she handed them to me. I looked at the address and name. It was a broker on Third street. Oh the June following the Valentine's Day the family went away, and did not return from out of town until October, but I did not see the young lady, nor did I have any letters for her. Hasn't she returned yet?' I asked the 4 colored waiter. 4 Oh, no, she won't be here till Christmas. She is now on the continong" with her husband. They were 44 married at Newport in August.' Oh,' says I. And I thought no more of the 4 matter ; events had taken their natural course by ending in marriage, as all properly regulated love- letters ought tQ do. 44 She came back with her husband at Christmas, and began housekeeping in the same square as her family, so I delivered her letters. SheBaw me on New Year's Day, and did not forget me, either. What she gave me was sufficient to buy my wife a warm cloak for the winter, with enough left over for a pair of shoes for the baby. The newly-married couple had a heap of letters of all sorts kinds and descriptions. Invitations in any number for both of them, and plenty of female correspondence for her. He seemed to get letters from all parts of the world, between them they had mojre than the rest of the square put together. There seemed to be some change by April. The envelopes of the letters had die names of store-keepers on them, and doubtless contained bills. The following month similar letters came very thickly indeed, and so did letters with the names of lawyers on the upper right hand corner of the envelopes. He seemed to be always at hemej for he oiten came to the door himself and took the letters from me, as if anxious for the servants not to see them. A good-looking man he was, with a proud manner and a dissipated face. 44 4 We are going away to-morrow,' said the colored servant one morning, as I handed him the ordinary batch. 44 4 Out of town ?' I asked. 44 4 Out of dis town, I guess,' he replied, with a grin. The sheriff's officers are in the house.' 4 44 When I was delivering the letters the next day, a hack drove up to the door, and I lingered a moment out of curiosity. The lady came down leaning on her husband's arm, looking so miserable and altered I hardly recognised her. She must have noticed the expression on my face for she nodded to me and smiled; but suc%a ghost of a smile 1 A few days afterward the things in the house were sold by auction, and new people came to live there; and soon, amid the many thoughts of life, I forgot all about the young lady. 44 It was in the summer of 1877, when I got put on a route in Germantown. I was not veiy well, and thought the country walking would do me good, so I changed .routes, with the permission of the postmaster, with a comrade who worked, as I said, in Germantown. Sorting out my letters, as-Ijsarved one of the pretty, leafy avenues, I came across one addressed to the old familiar name, Mrs. , and in the husband's handwriting. The postmark was Colorado; so he was away; that was evident. She was sitting on the porch of a pretty little cottage, with a child in her arms. It was «asy to see she was no longer rich. The dresses of herself and child j and the smallnesB and dirtiness of the Irish servant maid, who was cleaning a parlour window, denoted the fact at a glance ; but she did not look unhappy, and she knew me at once. 44 Why, postman, she exclaimed, " is it pos« sible it can be you ?' 44 4 Yes, ma'am,' I says, 'it is; thanking you kindly for remembering me, and here'is one of his letters for you.' 44 She took it from me with the old eagerness, and as she turned to go into the house I noticed her pressing it to her lips. He didn't write veiy often to her—every two or three weeks, not more, while sometimes much longer intervals elapsed. It used to make me quite miserable when I noticed her pleading face as I passed morning after morning without anything for her. 44 4 You are quite sure you have not got one, postman' ", she would ask. 44 Quite sure, ma'am. The Western mail iB late to-day—not delivered till to-morrow," was my faltering excuse. " Christmas Day arrived, and I had not delivered a letter from the husband since the middle of October. She no longer came to the door now. The little servant girl told me her mistress was nearly always ill. At last I brought a letter from Colorado—on the last day of the year; and then I delivered one regularly once or twice a week, until February. The lady began to come to the door again, looking something like her former bright self. 44 The 14th of February—Valentine's Day —came round, and I had a Colorado letter for the lady ; but it was not in the husband's handwriting. She came to the door. 44 4 Here is a valentine, ma'am,' says I, cheerily. 1 hope it will make you as happy as the one 4 I delivered to you in Spruce street about five years ago.'" 44 Thank you, postman,'" she replied, 4 4 and I have got a hot cup of coffee for you.' 44 4 She took the letter, eyed it curiously, and opened it with trembling fingers.. I was watching her while sipping my coffee—a glance at the contents, and she fell back lifeless. The little Irish girl came up immediately, and between us we carried the lady into the parlour, and laid her on the sofa. Then I took up my mail bag, for of course I could not wait, and continued my delivery. A few houses away lived a doctor, and I told his servant there was a sick lady who required medical aid. I had no letters for the cottage the next morning, but the- little servant' rushed out to tell me the lady was dying, and the letter from Colorado was from a police justice, Baying the husband had run away with a woman to Australia, taking with him a large sum of money he had stolen from his employers. The letter also said it was supposed, where hewaB working, that the woman, who was his companion, was married to him, until a search among the defaulter's papers disclosed the existence of a wife iu Philadelphia. Before the week had closed, therewaB a bow of crape on tlx cottage door, and the doctor's certificate said, Died of a broken heart.' Have you got a match 4 about you, sir; my pipe has gone out," and tlje postman trudged off homeward wiihhis mate, the letter-sorter. A UOWTVB TIME-PIECE. THE large clock at the English Houses of Parliament is the largest one in the world. The four dials in the dock are 22 feet in diameter. Every half-minute the minute hand moves nearly 7 inches. The clock will go eight days and a half, and will only strike for seven and a half, thus indicating any neglect in winding it up. The winding-up of the striking apparatus takes two hours. The pendulum is 15 feet long; the wheels are east iron ; the hour-bell is 8 feet high, and 9 feet in diameter, weighing nearly 15 tons, and tbe hammer alone weighs more than 400 pounds. The clock strikes the quarter-hours, and by its striking the shorthand reporters regulate their labours. At every strike a new reporter takes tbe place of the old one, while the first to write out the notes that he has tal<gn - the previous 15 minutes. . • y ^,' 