HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, August 14. PETITIONS PRESENTED. By Mi-. BRIGHT, from the-6orporation of Port Wakefield; by the HonVT. PLAYFOD, from the Corporation of Norwood and Ken sington ; and by Mr. BEAGLEHOLE, from the Corporation of Wallaroo, praying for the amendment of the Main Roads BUI in the direction indicated by previous petitions. — By Mr. COLES, from 42 residens of Roberts town and the surrounding districts, praying for the proclamation of Robertstown as a polling- place in the district of Light — By Mr. HAINES, from GO adult female resi dents ot Mount fleasant and tbe neighbor hood ; by the CHIEF SECRETARY, from 734 adult female residents of Adelaide and the suburbs ; by Mr. STIRLING, from C4 residents of Mount Barker and the neighbor hood ; by tbe MINISTER of EDUCATION, from 99 adult female residents of North Ade laide; by the Hon. T. PLAYFORD, from 573 residents of Norwood ; by Mr. COGLIN, from 1ES adult male residents of Port Augusta; by Mr. BASEDOW, from 187 adult male residents of the district of Barossa ; by Mr. KING, from S2 adult female resi dents of Glenelg, Goodwood, and Parkside ; and by Mr. LANDSEER, from S2 adult female inhabitants of Mount Barker, asking for the amendment of the laws relating to social morality.— By Mr. BAGSTER, from 81 farmers and others, praying for the amend ment of the Land Bill. THE TAXATION PROPOSALS. The Hon. J. CARR asked whether the Treasurer had reconsidered the question of the proposed taxation of benefit societies and life assurance companies, andif so what deci sion he had arrived at 2— The TREASURES said he had not 'reconsidered' the question particularly, but the Government had con sidered the question brought forward by the deputation which recently waited on them, and they did not propose to put in their Bill any provision for the taxation of premiums on life assurance companies.— Mr. WARD— As the Treasurer has made that alteration in his scheme, I would ask whether it is his intention to make any other alteration. — The TREASURER hopedtobave an opportunity of saying something upon that question that afterroori, when he would clearly state what were the intentions of the Government. ( Mr. Rounscvcll— ' The fresh intentions of the Government') IMMIGRATION. Mr. JOHNSON ai-ked whether the Govern ment had done anything to uheck the Hov of inj migrants who were now coming to the colony in sucb huge numbers —The CHEEF SECEETARY replied that no more vessels had been lately ordered. DISTRICT COUNCIL NOTICES. Replying to Mr. Runt., the CHIEF SECRETARY stated tbat the law officers o£ the Crown were of opinion that under the amending District Councils Act o£ last year. it was necessary that the notices pjivfln o£ assessments by district clerks should be iu writing. Accordingly the Government had given directions for the preparation of a Bill to remedy the defect in the Act which Mr. Hair.es had pointed out EXEMPTIONS FROM TAXATION. The Hon. J. COLTON wished to ask the leader of the House— he was not going to ask the Treasurer, because it seemed that he could not reply to the question— (laughter)— whether the Government had decided to make any other alterations iu the taxa tion scheme submitted by the Treasurer? —The CHIEF SECRETARY replied that tbe Government, of coarse, proposed the taxation scheme as announced bj the Trea surer. The question of exceptions the Trea surer did not go into. Of course, they would except building used exclusirely for reb'gious purposes and by district councils and corporations, and they proposed also to except friendly societies and life assurance companies. It was a question for the House to consider — and the Government would not feel hurt if members pointed them out— what other exceptions might be necessary. Laughter.) Hon. members might laugh, but he defied any one to point out any scheme o£ taxation that had been agreed to without some alteration. (Hear, hear. ) TRUST VESTED IN DISTRICT COUNCILS. In reply to Mr. Kewxastd, the CHIEF SECRETARY, on behalf of the Attorney General, stated that no provision existed to enable a district council, in the case of the exchange of reserves, to divest itself of the condition of trust as vested in it; but pro vision would be made in an amending Dis trict Councils Bill. THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN LOAN. Mr. WARD asked whether the reported announcement that the South Australian loan will in no case be placed upon the market earlier than November next was true or un true '*— The TRE ASURER said the announce ment was untrue. In reply to a telegram en quiring as to the reported announcement the Agent- General said there was no truth in the rumor rp.ferrpd to. (Mr. Ward — 'Why did you not say that at first T The Treasurer— ' I did so.') MARRIED WOMEN'S PROPERTY BILL. This Bill was received from the Legislative Council and read a first time, the second reading being fixed for Tuesday next. THE BUDGET SPEECH. On the motion that the House should go into coramitte of supply. Mi'. WARD said he wished to call attention to a telegram the Chief Secretary had received from the Premier of Victoria in which Mr. Service regretted the tone of the debate in that House on the annexation question. He could only say that Mr. Service could not have alluded to any remarks made by him (Mr. Ward) ; he must have referred to the UDjustifiable attack made on him by the Chief Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Service said that he had urged him (Mr. Ward) not to make the annexation question a party ques tion. Well, he had expressly asked the House not to make it a party question, and he appealed to the intelligence of that House, and to the intelligen?e of tbe country to say who made it a partv question. (The Chief Secre tary— 'Hear, hear/') Did be? (The Chief Secretary — ' Yes ;' and Mr. Rounsevell— ' No.') Then the Chief Secretary was either deaf or ignorant of the meaning of language. He had implored the House not to make it a party question. (Mr. Johnson — 'It was a party question for all that.') While., how ever, he did iiot put the issue to the House ia that sense he directly charged the Chief Ses rctary ?with having wilfully, deliberately, and maliciously, so far as the interests of South Australia were concerned, made it a party question himself by telling those gentleman in that House who would vote for him even when their consciences told them they should not. (Cries of ' Order.'1) The SPEAKER-Order. The CHIEF SECRETARY said the hon. member was out of order in imputing motives to other members, and the woros should be withdrawn. (Cheers.) He would atk the Speaker to say that the words were offensive End should be withdrawn. The SPEAKER said the hon. member had used words which ought to be with drawn. They were a reflection on members ot the House. Mr. WARD always bowed to the ruling of tbe Speaker, but he vras accusing the Cttief Secretary of having wilfully and kaowiDgly made this great Eatiocal question a party question ia its narrowest sense — should he retain bis seat on the Treasury benches or not And the Chief Secretary had told certain members of the House that if the motion was carried the Ministry must resign. (The Chief Secretary — 'I never said any thing of the kind.') But his emissaries did. Of course they knew that the Chief Secretary had people to work for him. They did not sup pose tbat he did all his dirty work himself. He could always find some one if he liked to employ them. Would the Chief Secretary deny that it was not known to certain mem bers of the House that if the motion were carried the Ministry would resign? (The Chief Secretary—' It was not known to me ;' and Mr. Gilbert — 'Not generally,' and laughter.) He thanked Mr. Gilbert for his suggestion. (Mr. Gilbert — ' I did not know it') He had already written a full explana tion to Mr. Service of the circumstances at tending the defeat of the motion, and Mr. Service on receiving it would understand the true position of tbe Ministry iu that Hjuse. Now he contended that Mr. Service had done no wrong in forwarding him the document of which the Government complained. One document had been marked confidential, and he had not used it, but the other, the dispatch to the Tasmanian Government, was dated July 11, it had reversed the original determination of the Tasmanian Government on the annexation question, and had become public property. Now he was going to tell the House something more. Last Thursday the Chief Secretary had been saved by him from being the impersonator of a great disgrace in laying on the table of the House a confidential dispatch. Such a thing would have destroyed the reputation of Mr. Gladstone. Afterwards it was agreed on the Chief Secretary's motion that tfie document should be printed, and when his attention was called to the mistake, instead of acknow ledgingitinamanly way, he withhisown hands abstracted what was thepropertyof the House, and did not tell the House of it. (The Chief Secretary— ' It was put there by accident, and I'd do it again to-morrow.') Then if the Chief Secretary would do such a thing again he was unworthy of any one's confidence. He would say no more. (Mr. Coglin — ' You've said quite enough,' and laughter.) The CHIEF SECRETARY thought Mr. Ward would on deliberation feel that he h»d said more than enough in this matter. He (the Chief Secretary) had done what any one would have done. He had laid on the table a paper that ought not to have been laid on the table. It slipped in accidentally with some other papers, and he had removed it It was a paper that had never been asked for by the House, and Mr. Ward had been try ing to make mountains out of molehills. As to Mr. Service's telegram, he would repeat that Mr. Ward had made the annexation question a party question. (Cries of 'Hear, hear,' and 'No.') He would also repeat that Mr. Service had made a great mistake in sending papers, and specially confidential papers to Mr. Ward, but he was quite satisfied to accept Sir. Service's explanation that he did not think the document would be used as Mr. Ward had used it, and that he had believed Mr. Ward was acting with the Go vernment (Mr. Ward— 'He did not say that') Mr. Service would not have sent the papers had he thought they would be used as they had been, and he would never trust Mr. Ward again with any confidential documents of such a kind as the one which had been re ferred to. The hon. member had said that the document had induced the Tasmanian Government to alter its determination. (Mr. Ward—' Hear, hear.') Why, the Tasmanian Government did not approve at all of what had been done. In a letter written by Mr. Giblin, the Tasmanian Premier, on July 30, tothePremier of Queensland, the following oc curred : — * ' This Government is prepared to act in cordial unison with the other Australasian colonies in making all urgent representations to Great Britain to induce the Imperial authorities to prevent the occupation of either south-western New Guinea or any of the at present unannexed Pacific islands by any foreign power. The occupation of any of these places by a foreign Government as a penal settlement would be in the highest degree objectionable, and in their occupation even for peaceful colonisation by any Con tinental power would in all probability cause trouble to Queensland and New South Wales in the future. Now the interests of the Aus tralasian colonies are so far linked together that even a probability of future trouble or danger to one colony is a sufficient reason for united action on the part of alL But the real - difficulty of the case, to my mind, lies in this? that the question of what mea sures are most expedient or even pos sible to be taken, is one the determination of which must be left to Her Majesty's Minis ters in England, and in coming to their decision they must necessarily be affected by larger cocsidprations than those which pre sent themselves to our minds, and their action may be limited by obligation:! oE tin nature of which we are uninformed, and of tbe extent of which we are ignorant The question, thertfore, whether tbe end, viz., tbe j,.-revention of annexation by any other power, is only to be obtained by an act of annexation on the part of England, or whtt-Ler it may not be obtained by diplomatic representations, is nee that only Eagii-ih Ministers cau settle, and it should be left in their bands. It is perfectly obvious that the Australasian colonies standing alone are in no position to enter upon a policy of aggression, and tbat apart from their position as a por tion of the great English empire, they could offer no effectual resistance to the occupation by France, Germany, or America, of any one of the numerous islands which dot tlie Pacific, although the occupation of such island by a fortign Government might justly be deemed frauybt wiLh menace to the future peaceful mss of these southern seas. But if we are de pendent upon England for any effective check to what we regard as foreign encroachment, is it wise or even becoming to assume a sesni hostile position to the Imperial authorities because 'on our first approach to the Queen's advisers we do not at once get all we ask ? I cannot bat believe, in view of the strong language that has been used as to this question of annexation and of the impatience of control which the proposed action, indi cates, that the assembly of a federal council or convention at the present time for the purpose of expressing more forcibly and more collectively our dissatisfaction with the de cision of Her Majesty's Ministers, and our opinion of the unwisdom of their action, would_ be the beginning of difficulties the end of which I do not profess to be able to foresee. The mere question of the expense of govern ing any new dependency is, I venture to think, of secondary consideration. Shared among the colonies it would not be burden some, and probably Tasmania's share would bo comparatively trifling. My ob jection to the course suggested is rather tbat it appears to me that we are subordinating Imperial to colonial interests, and assuming an incapacity or an unwilling ness on the part of Great Britain to defend us from the evils which we dread, for which there does not seem to be any sufficient warrant/' It would be seen that the Tag manian Government did not agree with the proposals oE the other colonies, but he hoped that Government would consent to attend a conference to consider the whole matter. (Hear, hear.) This question had been brought forward by Mr. Ward as a party question. In introducing itthe member hadusedthemo3t offensive language towards him (the Chief Secretary) and the other members of the Government that the standing orders would allow. (Hear, hear.) When he wound up x.ae aeoaxe at tne ena, ana wnen an. xtouuse1 veil spoke on the last day, he saw they were going to be beaten, and he said, ' This is no party question.' Mr. ROUNSEYELL on a point of order said he had urged that th3 motion should not be regarded as a party question ou the day before the closing of the debate. The CHIEF SECRETARY challenged any ?member to say that he intimated, or breathed, or suggested, or that any member of the Government suggested that the Ministry weie likely to resign if the motion were car ried, and Mr. Ward knew he bad not done so. (Mr. Ward— 'I don't know it') Mr. Ward had made a great mistake. He had made a false start with Mr. Service, who never would trust him again with a confidential communi cation if Mr. Service was the man he (the Chief Secretary) took him to be. The hon. member got up in aloud and blustering voice. (Mr. AVard — '' I can't belp my voice ; I never made it') The hon. member did make Ms voice. He could speak differently when he liked. He seemed to think that the louder he talked and the more con temptuous he looked the more effec tive he wae. He (the Chief Secretary) did not care how the member looked or what he said. He had long been above any opinion of Mr. Ward's. That House cared very little what the hon. member said, and the country cared still less. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Mr.' GILBERT explained that what he had meant by his interjection was that it was not known to him or to other members who often supported the Government that the Ministry would resign if Mr. Ward's motion were carried. Mr. ROTTKSEVELL said the Chief Sec retary tried to fix on him a mean, dirty, underhand subterfuge of which he would not be guilty. When he spoke on the day before the closing of the debate on Mr. Ward's motion he nad urged that the motion should not be regarded as a party question, and hid spoken privately to the Chief Secretary on the matter. This was what Mr. Service had urged on Mr. Ward, aDd Mr. Ward had asked the House not to regard the motioa as a partv question. Mr. TOHKIISrSON was sure the Chief Secretary did not mean to impute anything mean or objectionable to Mr. RoumevelL It seemed to him that the House was wasting tune over this question. (Oh !) With regard to the abstraction of the paper Mr. Ward had referred to he was sure the House would re gard the explanation given by the Chief Secretary as satisfactory. (Hear, hear, ) He trusted the House had heard the last of tbis annexation question, for if the colonies did not take cere they would make themselves supremely ridiculous in this matter. The CHIEF SECRETARY said if any re remarks he had made conveyed the idea that Mr. Rounsevell was guilty of meanness he would willirjgly withdraw them, for he did not intend them to bear such a construction. (Hear, hear. ) Mr. JOHNSON said he had regarded Mr. Ward's motion as a pretext for turning out the Government, and although not altogether agreeing with the action of the Government, he had voted against the motion. (Mr. Ward — 'Hear, hear.') If the Government had been turned out on Mr. Ward's motion — well, he thought that was sufficient to say. (Hear, hear, and laughter,) The House then went into committee. The Hon. J. CAItR, in resuming the debate on the budget speech, said he thought the want of economy in the past four or five years had led to the present necessity for taxation. The vote for educa tion had increased nearly threefold ; and as for the money spent on immigration, in spite of the fact that wages were higher here than in Victoria it was true that laborers left here for that eoleny ; this being due, he sup posed, to the fact that work here was some what intermittent, and to some extent because a great deal of our labor was connected with, agriculture. He condemned the multiplying of heads of departments, but remarked that while a considerable saving could be made ou -the Estimates that House was not economical, and never had been. Last year he had voted for the Treasurer's proposal to tax property, but he ^must confess that he thought the present' proposals somewhat extravagant (Mr. Rounsevell — 'Hear, hear.') In Eng land when the income tax was proposed the amount was fixed at 03. in the £L on incomes above £150, and 3d. on incomes between £100 and £150. If the income on property were taken at G per cent the Treasurer's tax would be at the rate of Is. 4?,d. in the £1, He referred to the heavy burden of a double system of taxation— local rating and the Government duties-nan unreproductive un occupied land, and with reference to the pro posal to impose an income tax, he admitted the difficulty that it was practically a tax on intellect, and would have the effect of retard ing industrial enterprise. There was a grow ing feeling in favor of a land tax, after the fashion advocated by Mr. George. That idea, however, was no novelty. It was carried out in Persia, Turkey, and Egypt, and it would not be easy to point to more God forsaken countries than were those ; yet in them tbe principle that the land should pay for everything was rigidly adhered to. He approved of the leading features of the scheme submitted by the Government, but thought it ought to go a little farther, and would like to see an approach towards the policy of Mr. Graham Berry, viz., that large estates should be discouraged. A tax of id. in the £1 instead of Id. would bring in at least £100,OCO, which he thought would be sufficient, ar d he would favor imposing a duty of i'd. in tlie £1 on estates of 10,000 acres, and on estates of 20,000 one of a Id. Mr. COLES, while regarding the Treasurer as an able financier, considered that he had blundered in his taxation proposals. These before they were disposed of would certainly be materially altered. He (Mr. Coles) chaffed the member for Stanley (Mr. Howe) on the ironical speecb he had made con demnatory of the Government, and regretted that he should have marred its effect by pointing out, after he had begun to make the House believe that he was returning to the paths of political '.virtue, that his remarks were only of an ironical character. As regards land revenue, he urged that with the prospect of an exceptionally good harvest before them it was probable that the Treasurer had greatly under -estimated the amount likely to be realised this year. It could not be disguised, however, that we had a large deficit staring us in the face, and except perhaps Mr. Tomkinson no member would be prepared to say that increased taxation was not necessary. Members, how ever, had not pledged themselves to support the scheme brought forward by the Treasurer. Last year the Treasurer, when introducing his taxation proposals, said that he was putting the saddle on the right horse. Now he was forced into the position of acknowledging that it was the wrong horse, and if his present scheme were agreed to he certainly would saddle the wrong horse, viz., the industries of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Coles) had promised his constituents that should in creased taxation become necessary he would support an income -and hind tax, and he in undid to be true to that pledge, and oppose a scheme which left out income almost alto gether. The scheme he supported was that introduced by Mr, Boucaut in 1S7S on. which the suggestions made by the Hon. J. Colton during the course of tbat debit? were niaiijly based. He was glad to find th%t the Treasurer bad agreed to exempt life assurance societies, and also that he aid not iateud to follow the example of Kew Zjalaiid in re EcrviDg power for ..he Government to take a man's property at 10 per cent, over the valuation. That was a principle so monstrous tbat he could not understand how the people of New Zealand had ever consented to its adoption. Our Government proposed simply to say to the property owner, 'You must either be taxed on the valuation or prove itto be excessive.' The effect of that would certainly be to drive men to law if they felt they were aggrieved, but this people would be loth to do even if the valuation was 50 per cent, in excess of the amount the property was worth. As to the effect of the Treasurer's scheme en colonial industries, he said it would be most injurious, and in illustration he as serted that in sucb a case as that of Martin and Co.'s factory at Gawler it would press exceedingly hard. First the Jand would be taxed, then the factory, and then the imple ments, whether or not the owners were getting a profit out of them, and ifc was well known tbat for a long time pa3t tbat machi nists had been making a very small profit indeed en their sales. At a place like Cameron's factory in Kapunda several years' supply of timber was kept in stock. That would have to be taxed while it was yielding no profit; it would be taxed when manufac tured into machines, and tbe persons to whom the machines wore sold would also have to pay a tax upon them. (Hear, hear.) He pointed to the fact that in Kapunda tbe feeling was unanimous against the Treasurer's proposals, and he noted with pleasure that his colleague, Mr. Dixson, had shown signs of reformation on the subject, having promised to support the resolutions of the meeting held on the pre vious evening. I£ Mr. Dixson were true to the promise he had made he need not fear the result at the next general election. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Coles) did not think that heavy taxation was at all necessary at the present moment. The House was generally agreed that the Treasurer was asking for too much. At present we were receiving some thing like £5(5,000 per year from pastoral leases, and -when in a few years a number of. these leases fell, in the State, by putting them up to auction, would be able to increase the yearly amount received to £200.003— a sub stantial addition to the Treasury. (Hear, hear.) He would ask the Government not to accept any amendment to their taxation pro posals as a no-confidence motion. As the Treasurer in a former debate had once pointed out, the accepting of amendments in that spirit acted as a bar to useful legislation. It was generally understood that in the event of an amendment being carried a dissolution would be asked for. (The Chief Secretary — 'That depends upon what the amendment is.') Well, he would ask whether supposing an amendment was moved on the basis of the suggestions made by the Hon. J. Colton the Government would accept it as a motion of no confidence. (The Chief Secretary— 'I will wait till I see it.' Laughter.) He felt sure that had it not been thought that the result of carrying Mr. Ward's motion referring to the annexation question would be the resignation of the Ministry that motion would certainly have been adopted. In conclusion he observed that he did not think the refusal of the House to carry the taxation proposals of the Treasurer would result in the death of the Treasurer, either politically or otherwise. But should such a catastrophe happen the Treasurer's epitaph might possibly be some what similar to that which it was said would be inscribed on the tomb of a celebrated Vic torian statesman : — Here lies poor Glyde, yes bere he lies ; Nobody laughs, and nobody.cries. Where he has gone, or how he fires, Nobody knows and nobody cares. (Laughter.) He trusted that the two schemes of taxation which had been proposed would be considered on their merits : and if so, he would be perfectly satisfied with the result (Hear, hear.) Mr. BRIGHT remarked that the Trea surer had certainly not had a very ' pleasant tale to tell,' but he had taken rather too gloomy a view of the position. After a11, it was only in land sales that the revenue had fallen off, and the colony as a whole was in a sound position. With the prospect of a good har vest before us we had every reason to look more cheerfully at the position. With ja dicions management of the expenditure — the estimates of which he believed could be cut down by striking off £40,000— and with a judicious scheme of taxation we should get on pretty welL He did not think the Trea surer had acted wisely in withholding the sale of our bonds for so long a time. They would not realise nearly so much as they would have done had tbe loan been floated some months ago, and fce believed that we should suffer a consequent loss of some £45,000. He believed that tVie revenue of this yeai would exceed the estimate by £iOO.OOO. He thought the House wonld be vt ry foolish in aeieeirg to the taxation prr-pjsals of the Government, although Is'-t year he had cordially supported the Govern-nent ia their proposal to tax Jand outside the boundaries of councils and corporation?. Everything ia tee shape of machinery would be taxed under the present scheme— machinery belonging to mines which had not paid dividends for a loEg time, and so on. The many articles consumed by the working man which now escaped taxation through the Customs would be tsxpd, and if such a tax were agreed to it would be a difficult thing to get rid of it It would work unjustly in many instances. Take the case of the members of the medical proffssion, who, although they used carriages, only hired them while a merchant would be taxed on his stock in trade ; acd it a man spent all his income, no matter how large, he would not be taxed. (The Treasurer — 'Taxed in another way.') He believed in a graduated income tax, de finirjg income derived by means of the brain and labor and that derived from freehold property, and a tax on property. The Go vernment scheme would be a tax on native industries, it would be a tax on the improve ments of the farmers, it would reach the working man, it was not now required, because the present period was only a tem porary season of depression, and he would oppose it (Hear, hear.) Mr. WHINHAM, who was received with cheers, said he would oppose the Government scheme of taxation, not because of ita want of comprehensiveness or its adaptability for raising money in a fair and equit able manner from all classes of the community or because he was influenced by either the arguments of Mr. Rounsevell or Mr. Mattioson. He objected to it be cause it was the outcome of an extravagant system of Government, and because it would retard the progress and development of the country. As two or three instances, of ex travagance he alluded to the money spent on the Port and Semaphore, Kapunda, Strath albyn and 'Victor Harbor railways and tram ways, the Victor Harbor breakwater, and the Beachport jetty, which latter woik might have been constructed for one fourth the sum expended on it, and now wanted taking down and rebuilding. He suggested the abolition of grants-in-aid to district councils and road boards, which would mean a saving of £200,000, so that the land might supportive roads and public works. With this we might dowithout additional taxation altogether. The CHIEF SECRETARY referred to the farcy scheme of taxing land without improvements as an impracticable scheme, suggested by the Register, taken ud and turned about by Mr. RounEevell, ridiculed by Mr. Playford, and swallowed by Mr. Colton. (Laughter.) Mr. Whinham had struck tbe right note. If they consented to the abolition of the grants-in-aid to corpora tions, district councils, and road boards they could do without increased taxation ; but was the House prepared to give that consent ? (Cries of ' 2fo.') Nor were the Government It was all very well to say that the Govern ment scheme of taxation would affect the poor man. The poor man did not complain of it ; it was the capitalists who complained. The old cry had been raised — ' If you tax property we will charge the working man with it.' The Government scheme would reach owners of land and other property, and that was fair. The system of land taxation suggested by the Hon. Mr. Colton, by which improvements were to fce exempted alto gether, was a sham. Such a system had no existance so far as he knew in any civilised country in the world, and never would have. It would be interesting when Mr. Colton came to work out those details he found it so convenient to drop the other day. (The Hon. J. Colton — ' No one can understand your de tail?.' Laughter.) The hon. member had called attention to the high estimates for certain railways en which large amounts had been saved, but when the estimates were made in one or two instances the market price of the steel rails was £11, whereas they were bought at £7 13?. Mr. Cclton had stated that the Government had underestimated this year's revenue, and perhaps had they reckoned on a splendid harvest, which he hoped and believed they would have, tbey had done so. They had taken the estimates of their officers, and it was the best plan to have estimates from experienced officers on whom they could rely. He maintained that the Government could notlfairly have reduced the sum set down for estimate. Mr. Rounsevell had said it would be absolutely wicked to transfer any of the loan fund for the purposes of the exhibition, but unless the money were derived from that source it must be borrowed or ccme out of the revenue. And if obtained from the revenue, an extra sum would have to be placed on the Estimates. He would point out that the money in question could be fairly used for exhibition purposes. With regard to the property tax, alx. Bright paid tbe greatest possible compliment to it when he said there was no getting away from it Ttat was jutt what the Government wanted. (Cheers.) The Ministry asked the House to pay tfcry wculd have direct taxation on real and personal property. The Government pro posed to exempt from the operation of the tax every ican who had not £500, and a large rumber of people would be exempted under tbat head. It had been suggested by some of their free trade friends that to tax improve rotnts was to tax colonial industry. Heaskei tte House to determine this session whether o; not we were to goongsttingthebulkof our texts from the Customs : and whether every bard-wotkirg man of moderate means was to pay in that way while wealthy men were almost exempted from tsxatioD. He was sorry to bear Mr. Coles dictate to his colleague how he s-bculd vote on the question. They were all -here to exercise their own free judgment, ar.d be strocgly objected to one member— be- cause there had been a meeting of his con stituent!. — to say to another he must vote in a prcsciibrdd irection. (Cheers ) Mr. KEffLOD agreed in the main with the taxation proposals of the Government with seme modification. He looked forward with considerable apprehension to the near future, because we had been expending enormous sums of money without providing for the payment of the interest. He had formerly favored free immigration, but after h«ariB?*the_ Hon. J. Colton's remarks relating to the facility with which assisted immigrants could be obtaiDfd, hs favored the system of assisted immigration, and he endorsed the principle laid down that borrowed capital should be accompanied by the introduction of foreign labor. He could not understand Mr. Col ton's statement that an income tax would be less inquisitorial in nature than the Gcvernment scheme. He had expected that gentleman would have proposed a tax en beer— a tax which he would willingly support, for South Australia was taxed less in that direction than the other Australian colonies, and because such a tax would pro duce a large sum of money. Mr, DIXSON would not have again risen but for the unseemly exhibition his colleague (Mr. Coles} had made of himself. He (the speaker) had met with sympathy on all sides in respect to the dispute. Mr. Coles said he hoped that if the Government were defeated on their taxation proposal they would not '.go out' He (Mr. Dixson) could only say that his opinion of his colleague was that he was a sort of political 'sundowner.' He was begging the Government not to go out ; bat was pray ing to God every night that they might be turned out as soon as possible. (Laughter.) He had given him (Mr. Dixson) some advice as to the course he should pursue in order to continue to enjoy the respect of his constituents. Mr. Coles was specially fitted to advise him, seeing that he was a resident of the district of Light. His colleague was elected some years ago, and three years biter he dared not face his elec tors again, and in his place they elected Mr. Carrol. (Mr. Coles — ' They did nothing of tbe kind.') He would have been glad if no difference had arisen between his colleague and himself, but when Mr. Coles stood up in that chamber and lectured him on the duty lie owed to his constituents he threw back the — well he would not say what he had in ter; ded to say, but would simply state tbat be resented his advice. He (the speaker) at tended the meeting at Kapunda at the invita tion of- the mayor; but if he had known the history of that meeting he would never have shown his face there. Mr. Coles had gone in for wiping out the industries of the country with a vcogattce, and now he went about promising eiery thing to everybody. He (Mr. Dixson j cculd only say to the manufacturers and electors of Kapunda that they would do well to rf member the old mottc — ' I fear the Greeks when tbey bring presents.' If any amend ment were brought for ward to the adoption of t be first line of the Estimates he would go with tbe Government, and when the taxation pro pcssJs were brought forward he would con sult fuitherwith his constituents; He held the doctrine that a member of Parliament shculd always be in accordance with his con- . ttituents, and that if he coi^d not be he should resign his tiost. (Mr. Rounsevell — 'What is jour duty to the colony?') The colony did not elect him. (Laughter.) It had tten said in the papers that he had pionrised to support a land tax and an income tax. He bad always been an advocate of the adjust ment of the incidence of taxation; he did not care whether it was derived from income or property ; and if the Government proposals were rejected he should go for a property and income tax. Mr. COLES said Mr. Dixson had stated he had received the sympathy of various members ' of the Chamber in respect to the remarks he (the speaker) had made about him. He would tell the 'House that ever since he had been a member he had had the sympathy of every member for having such a colleague as Mr. Dixsor. (Loud cries of 'No.') He had a great deal of difficulty in working har moniously with him. He had ever tried to agree with him — (Mr. Dixson — 'Never at a)l':) — as far as he possibly could. When he (Mr. Coles) refused to stand for election on tbe occasion referred to by his colleague it was for private reasons. If the honorable member (Mr. Dixson) had been known by his constituents as well as he was known by them ? now he would never have been- elected. (Oh, ob. and laughter). Mr. LANDSEER, discussing the budget, said in reference to the Customs agreement with New South Wales, that it was not fair to take tbe loss of £11,000 referred to by the Treasurer as a positive loss to the colony, inasmuch as we had the advantage of an ex ceedingly large trade. Last year, which wa? en exceptionally bad one, with only two small ' river spurts,' we sent up the river colonial produce to the amount of £56.010, and foreign products to the amount of £297,S43. He with the Treasurer regretted that the Government of New South Wale* bad not placed a Customs officer at Thacke ringa, and had not met us with reference to the trade with the Albert goldfields, and he trusted some more definite arrangement would lie come to. In reference to drawbacks he differed from the Treasurer, as he thought every possible facility should be given in this matter. There was little or no danger of advantage being taken of the State, and if merchants had , better facili ties with regard to drawbacks, a great., impetus would be given to business. He touched upon the various items of the Treasurer's speech, and in regard to taxation he expressed the opinion that it would be unreasonable to ask a colony like this . to live under such a system as that which the Treasurer proposed. We did not want so burdensome a scheme, and should avoid un necessary expenditure, such as that which the colony was going to on the Callington and Murray bridge railway, by adopt ing a direct route through difficult country instead of a little longer and much less ex pensive one. As much as £100,030 might have been saved had the other route been chosen. The ' proposed system of taxation was as unpleasant and as inquisitorial as an income tax, and would have a most pernicious influence on our industries. It would»drive away from this colony the very thing we most wanted — capital; and it was also in opposition to the interests of the working classes. He believed that a land and income tax was the most fair tax that could be im posed, and that the Treasurer's scheme was complicated and inquisitorial. He was dis posed to support a land and income tax. Mr. H. E. DOWNER, after twitting the Opposition with their lack of a recognised leader, said it was absurd to talk about re trenchment in regard to the Estimates. It meant striking off the amounts in aid of immi gration, of district councils, and of muni cipal corporations. He could not understand how the Hon. J. Colton had come to the con clusion that an income tax was less inquisi torial than a property tax. By Mr. Colton's scheme of taxing hind and in come a man deriving his income from land would be taxed twice over. (Hear, hear.) Now no system of taxation was pleasant, but the incidence of taxation could never be adjusted until the burden was put on the proper shoulders. At present the working man was paying too mnch through the Custom?. It was generally agreed that a land tax was a fair thing, but men who in vested in shares, merchandise, and so on should not go free. Then that which was put on the land should be taxed, because it con tributed to the revenue of the owner, and it was not fair to say that such a tax would fall on the tenant, for that would be regulated by the laws of supply and demand, and if the tenant could not make enough money out of his investment his rent would have to be reduced. It was not correct- eitber to say tbat the Gorc-rnment scheme would ruin the manufacturing in^nstrits of the -cclcpy, for he questioned whether a man vsx-uia invest his noocey ia a factory unless lie was satisfied that the returns woufd pay hioi a fair jeturn on his capital. When before bis constituents he had advocated an income tax, and be would support a scheme to subject professional men to such a tax, so that none should escape taxation. There would have to be several exemptions in 1 he Government scheme, but doubtless the Treasurer woutd show that these had been provided for. Mr. BASEDOW thought it a pity that this question of taxation had not beea settled be icre, feicg that it it was to a considerable ex tent a burning question at the last elections. At the first blush the Government scheme appeared very fair,_ but on reconsideration it wss apparent that it wonld have to be modi fied a good deal before it could be agreed to. In taxing real property and tie improvements thereon some exceptions would have to be made, and still more excep tions would be necessary in the case -of personal properly. When before his consti tuents he had advocated a property and in- . come tiix_ combined, .the only objection to the - ? -? latter being its inquisitorial nature, although 152 lie landed a similar if not greater objection -would apply to a tax on real property. He thought, too,inintroducing ihetaxthe amoant of Id. on the £1 was too high ; it amounted to over 8 per cent, on the annual value. A good tax would be a tax on beer, which would not effect the consumer if the amount were -fixed at 2a. per gallon, and would probably yield £165,000. (Oh, [no.) Well, half that amount. He trusted this matter would not be discussed . in a party spirit, but that by means of a com promise a fair and equitable Bcheme of taxa tion would be arrived at. Mr. BOSWORTH hoped that the taxation Question would be settled this session, and that it would not be made a party question. It was not necessary to tax the country to any very large extent, but those who should fce taxed should be those who had hitherto escaped. He thought a considerable amount of economy might be exercised in our govern ment, and that done he would nut a tax on fceer, which would realise about £G9,003 a year. Then the pastoral lessees should be taxed. The Pastoral Leases Bill provided for a renewal oi leases on a valuation, and taking that valuation at three times the present rentals, which amounted to £50,003 a year, the sum taxable would be in round numbers £100,000, andatax on this would give us more revenue than we required with the other tax just referred to. If the Government scheme were agreed to the amount ought to be reduced to Ad. in the £L Mr. KINGSTON was sorry with other members that the settlement of this question erf taxation had been so long delayed. The Government scheme was of a radical cha racter, and was one which would readjust the incidence of taxation. It was brought for* ward by a Government who though not strong themselves had a very strong following. And if left alone and given fair play they might probably succeed in carrying the scheme. On Hie other hand a great deal could be said in favor of a land and income tax. His vote would depend upon the shape in which the ministerial scheme ultimately presented itself for consideration. He must confess that he was altogether taken by the general principle pervading the Treasurer's scheme, which compelled every man to contribute according to his means. He was not in a position to say which, was the better of the two schemes. Brit if he could possibly assist the Government in placing on the statute book a measure .which would do something towards readjusting the incidence of taxation lie would do so. If he could not assist them lie would not hesitate to vote against them, and then he would be happy to see Mr. Colton have ' an opportunity of intro ducing bis rival scheme. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BOUNSEVELIi denied the statement made by Mr. Howe that he (the speaker) attributed our financial difficulties to the con cessions made to selectors in the north, and lie regretted that Mr. Dixson had dragged Ms name before a public meeting at Kapunda last night. Mr. Dixson accused him of 'babbling,' and criticised his manner of speaking. But he (Mr. Rounsevell) would ask the hon. member to compare his manner of speaking with the supercilious manner in ?which Mr. Cixeon addressed that Chamber. He contended that be acted right in giving way to the majority in the matter of the exhibition ; and with regard to the New Zea land statistics quoted by him, members would find on consulting the return of the exports Of wheat and wool that as a nation Sauth Australia was nearly as wealthy as New Zea land, and that individually we are far better off. The TREASURER said he would that day or the following day give notice of a formal resolution for Tuesday next, when the whole taxation question would be fully debated. He did not consider Mr. RounsevelTs remarks were very courteous, for the list of epithets lie showered on him (the speaker) were cer tainly anything but kind or courteous. But Ms bark was louder;than his bite ; and he (the speaker) would heap coals of fire on his head t-y saying his speech was one of the best be had ever made in thatHouse, though it bristled »sitJi zustakes andblunders. (Laughter.) Mr. Uounsevell made a serious blunder in his reference to the New South Wales Conven tion. He (the speaker) mentioned the matter because it was likely to affect our relations with our Sydney friends, and he might say that the Treasurer of New South Wales had lately refused — what it was expected he would agree to — to put Custom house officers on the boundary at Thackaringa and Albert goldfields. Mr. Rounsevell also said that the suggestion as to using some of the loan money for exhibition purposes was absolutely wicked. But where did the wickedness come in? They had all decided that Parliament . Houses were to be built, and that there was to be an exhibition ; and every member who voted for the proposals knew perfectly well that the buildings would lave to be erected with borrowed money. He fonnd that £30,309 out of the £200,003 would be needed for railway purposes, but the re mainder would be devoted to the purposes of the new Parliament Buildings and Exhibi tion. Mr. Hounsell bad made another absurd blunder in stating that the Government had appropriated £140,000 of premiums on loans into revenue, whereas the sum was £34,033 ; and of that even Mr. Cooke had acknow ledged that one-half might be appropriated, being in fact accumulated interest. Then the hon. member talked a lot of non sense about the loan, saying that we should only get £95 for it because it bad not been floated earlier, and in this lie had been fol lowed by a writer to the Register signing ?himself ' Financial^' He might mention here that he bad made an arrangement last week to sell the associated banks £153,030 more of treasury drafts, and this would tend to ease the money market. He was not going to be tempted into giving the reason why our bonds bad not been sold sooner, but be had -very good reasons to give. Mr. Rounsevell tad also estimated the' value of real and personal property in South Australia at £100,000,000, and went on to say that assess ments had been kept down, whereas it was well known that in order to get the grants in-aid the ratepayers bad submitted to very stiff assessments and very stiff taxes. .Bat the hon. member's arithmetic was evidently defective. He would give the hon. member a piece of advice. That member might aspire to the Treasury benches, and it was a fairly laudable ambition, bat if he were the hon. member he would go home and study and perfect his arithmetic and do sums continually of all sorts, and then perhaps bye and bye, in the course of a few years, some 3dnd Premier might offer him a commissioner ship which lie (the Treasurer) would strongly advise him to accept, because if he became Treasurer of Australia he would make a liorrid mess of bis figures. (Laughter). Mr. JJounsevell had betrayed gross ignorance in saving that South Australia was richer than Kew Zealand. (Mr. Rounsevell— ' I said nearly as rich.') The member said nothing of the kind. New Zealand tad fourteen and a half millions of Acres of land sold, while we had only ten and a quarter millions of acres sold; and would any one say that the beautiful land in 3few Zealand was not better than ours? (Air. Johnson-^-' One acre is worth three of ours.') Of course. Then New Zealand had a revenue of £4,000,000 as against our £2,100,000. (Mr. UouDBeyeJl— 'That is the rack tax.') The population of New Zealand instead of being 519,000 people, as Mr. Rounsevell had stated, was on June 30 last 527,691 Europeans, and 45,090 Maories. When therefore the taxable property in New Zealand was only £83,000,003 it was absurd to say that there was £100,000,030 worth of taxable property in South Australia. He did not want to exaggerate, but lie sup posed that at least half the real property in South Australia was mortgaged. (Mr. John son — 'I am afraid rather more.') As to the taxation scheme of the Government, he hoped ton. members had read the letter of Mr. Cameron, published in the Advertiser. That gentleman was a well-known commercial man, and he showed that in America the tax was working welland satisfactorily, and had been for;many years. Mr. Rounsevell had wound up bis speech with the feeble request that the Government should take back their Esti mates, but he could tell the hon. member that the Government would not do that, and be defied either Mr. Tomkinson to cut down the Estimates £140,000, or Mr. Colton to cut -them down £43,000, without interfering with public works or the efficiency of the public service. (The Hon. J. Colton — 'I can easily.') Dealing with Mr. Colton's speech, which was more important than that of Mr. UonnEevell, that hon. member had said that ?with proper management our railways ought to return 5 per cent, instead of -2.J per cent. (The Hon. J. Colton—*1 With a pood season.') Yes, with a good season. Kow Mr. Pickering had gone into careful calculation to find out how much we should Izave to receive as gross revenue in order to earn 5 per cent. The Hon. Mr. Colton was no doubt right in his remark that long railways could be worked more cheaply than short railways, but be (Mr. Glyde) was right on the other hand in saying that as we pushed out our railways in entirely new country the net returns would be kept down. Mr. Colton would no doubt be surprised to learn that in order to secure a return of 5 per cent, on the seven -millions of money we had invested on our lines, we should have to earn altogether three quarters of a million instead of £533,003 as he had estimated. It was impossible they -could do so next year, or the year after. He .replied to Mr. Colton's objection that he had Telied on the reports of his officers, that he tad done so because otherwise he might have been charged with so using his figures as to suit the proposals of the Government with reference to taxation. With reference to the land fund, the happy days had passed when a Treasurer could just ship another J2100,000 upon the land fund to make things pleasant, and he felt confident that in view of the new land under which so mush ex tended credit was granted his estimate would not be exceeded. With regard to railway*. it was possible that we might receive £5,0CO -cr £10,000 more than he had estimated, 'bit Mr. Pendleton had been perfectly correct in not overloading his return, and if he had erred at all he had erred on the right side. Customs revenue Mr. Colton had also referred to as underestimated by £10,000, but he gave no reason for his statement ; and as far as waterworks were concerned he was satisfied from the reports of his officers that his esti mate was correct. Then Mr. Colton was severe upon him because he said a good deal more might have been put down as revenue from probate and succession duties. (The Hon. J. Colton— '£2,000.') Of course one could never tell how much this item would amount to, and the only guide was the average revenue of previous years. He hoped that his hon. friend would not die this year, or perhaps his estimate would be exceeded. (Laughter.) The average amount received since the passing of the amending Act had been about £15,600 per annum, and Mr. Russell had put down the revenue at the outside for this year when he said we might hope to receive £16,000. He was glad that Mr. Colton agreed with him as to the mistaken benevolence shown by the gentle men who had organised the Immigrants' Aid Society. It was not a good thing that reports should go home to be read by our bond holders that some of our kind people had thought it necessary to establish such a scciety. It exaggerated a little temporary inconvenience, and would do a great deal more harm than good. The Hon. J. Colton had then fired away at the taxation scheme of the Government, stating that it was iniquitous, and amounted to confiscation. Why was it iniquitous ? Take the case of the hon. gentleman himself. (The Hon. J. Colton —'Why not take your own case?') He would have to pay ten or twenty times as much as he (the Treasurer) had to, because he was ten or twenty times as rich. That was not iniquitous, but perfectly equitable and just. He wished he had only a half of his hon. friend's complaint. (Laughter.) With regard to the inquisitorial nature of the tax, the assertion that it was inquisitorial was sheer nonsense. He had had some expe rience of the income tax in England, and he would shrink from anything of the kind in South Australia. Under the Government plan no man in South Australia would know what any other man was worth. All public companies would send in their returns and pay upon their whole capital, and so on ; and no man who held bank, insurance, or tramway shares would pay on his own shares, but the bank or company would pay on them. With regard to the statement that capital would be driven out of the colony, the Treasurer of New Zealand, in his budget speech, said that when the property tax there was first imposed a fear was expressed that its effect would be to drive away foreign capital seeking investment in that colony; but that after consulting with authorities in the colony it was found that the contrary was the result He (the Treasurer) thanked Mr. Mattinson for his remark that looking at the Eroposal from a working man's point of view e felt it his duty to support the Govern ment. And he repeated the statement that the more the working classes understood the scheme the better they would like it. Mr. Coles had stated that the scheme would affect machinery like that belonging to Mr. Martin, of Gawler, but Mr. Martin had written to him (the Treasurer) stating that he regarded the Governmentschemeas first-rate. (Laughter and cheers. Mr. Rounsevell — ' He did not understand it). Mr. Whinham in a maiden speech that day had condemned the extravagance of former Governments as well as of the present one. But it was a weakness with most new members to declare against Governmental extravagance, and when the new member had had a little more experience he would know it was very diffi cult for Ministries not to be a little extrava gant sometimes. All were agreed that taxa tion was necessary. Mr. Landseer found fault with the Government on the g?6und that because our revenue came out a little better than our estimated revenue last year the Estimates were badly prepared last year. That was a strange way of finding fault. The word 'retrenchment' had been freely used, but taxation was better than retrench ment. (Cheers.) It was very easy to re trench, but it would be a great mistake to stop all public works and immi gration, and the borrowing of capital in a proper way, and it was impossible to retrench without stopping those things. Mr. Colton knew very well that he had not a ghost of a chance of carrying his alternative scheme this session. He asked the House to consider the gravity of the position, and his figures, which were honest figures. He begged to move the adoption of the first line of the Estimates. (Cheers.) The Hon. J. COLTON said the House would have an opportunity of discussing the question further when the resolutions were brought forward. He thought he had just as good, if not a better, chance of carrying his scheme as the Government had of carrying theirs. (The Treasurer—' Oh, no.') He would take another opportunity of referring to the Chief Secretary's remark touching the saving in connection with the Terowie and Picbiricbl railway. The first line of the Estimates was then agreed to. Progress was reported, and the committee obtained leave to sit again on Thursday. 