'?'? NO FICTION. Is the current number of Ufacmillan's Haga tine, under the above title, appears the follow ing singular narrative by a clergyman of tho Church of Knglnnd, for whoso bonn jides tho editor vouches : — E*rly in January, 1879, clorical duty called mo into tho north-west, of England. In tho midst of a hoavy fall of snow, my family and I took possession of tho official rosidenco provided for us. It was an old stono houso of one story ; roofed, iu part with ant-ient stono slabs, in part with modern slates, and standing in a garden hare of trees. A wide passage ran back from the entrance towards tho kitchen, whero there were two doors; tho one leading into tho yard, tho other into the lardor, which was, in fact, a roomy cellar at tho foot of a flight of very old stono stops. The fivo bedrooms all opened on a square landing. . . . ' ff ow about the roof ?' I asked of the man in chnrae. ' All right, sir ; everything has bean oarofully seen to; am, »-hont'0 thaw come?, I'll warrant you'll not bo troubled, anything to matter.' In a few days we had shaken down; and tho verdict on our now homo was, 'Not grand, but decidedly cocy.' . . A tall, eolid, fleshy, ro3y young woman had undertaken to bo our one servaut. Sparing of words wa« she, but not sparing of work. ' The incarnation of stupidity and stolidity,1 said my son Primus. ' Tho very thing for us,' said his mothor. This girl's name being Stillwoll, soon becamo corrupted into Stillwater; or, for short, Still. It was splendid ska' ing weather. The low lying meadow* were Hooded to the depth of a foot or more, und one glided along over acres of smoolh, green transparent ice. Every day wo sallied forth, my threo boys, their sister and I, to ta«e our fill of enjoyment in this ioy paradise ; coming back to bask all tho evtniug before the bright golden sunshino and the lilvery ashes of a north country cal fire. My wii'o has the weak habit of going to 'tuck up ' her boys after they are in bed. One night, their voices aoundbd so angry, that she ran up in haste, to see what, was wrong. On ontering the room, she found the two elder boys sitting up in bad, hurlmg injurious and derisive epithets at somo person or persons unknown! 1 Let me just, find out who you ore, and yo .'11 get such a jolly good licking as you'll re hieuiber,' announced Primus, gazing wratlif ully at the c-iling. ' Oh, yni blooming idiot ! T wish I'd your boots. I'd throw them at your head. Bo off ! I'm takint; a sight at you,'' shouted Secundiis, nose and fingers up,, turned in the same direc tion. ' Aro you both mad ?' inquired the stern, maternal voice. '?..-.: 'It's tint fo low, mother, that I told you about. He's on tho roof again. Just listen to ths row he makes.' ' Nonsense,' said his mother ; but she stood listening for some time. ' ????-??? ? 'Oh, you eaward !',..,, . .. , . ' Ah, you funk !' proceeded from the two beds. Not a souud above. A ' I havo heard no row on the roof,' remarked mother, with dignified! emphasis ; arid, having performed the usual ceremony, she departed ; and came and told mo of the whole affair, con cluding with, ' I wonder if it can'be'rats.' : ? ' Sot a doubt of it.' Next morning the boys were full of their noctura il visitor ; and' declared that, no sooner had tho drawing-room door shut, than the scrambling and trampling began again. ' History tells of a certain eat who wore lop boot'; but I never heard of vats adopting the fashion,' I remarked. ' Ruts, father ! why wo know the sound of i.tm ti'^ll nnnnnli A nil f.llAtr i-1in Iinf.n-nan frllA ceiling ar.d the roof. But this isunmistakeablo boots, with plenty of liibmih in them too, on the outii'le of the roof. We expected every moment to seo the fellow's legs como through piaster and all. I think I may be permitted to spoilt with authority on the subject of boots awl roofs in conjunction ' He certainly might, for ho had perambulated the roofs of all the outhouses at S ? , to the gr«it. detriment of tiics and slates. ' Well, then,' continued Primus, with the nir of an adept ' I am so euro it was a boy of my ai^.i in lmk-mitlnrl Knftfa tttnf. T fiiol a a if T linrl seen them. I could swear to them.' ' Come out and hove a lo-k,' was my reply. There lay the whiti mantle, smooth and glistening in ihi sunshine, and untrodden by so much as tho foot of a torn cat. The hoys looked at each other in amazement. I don't' caro,' said tfecundus, defiantly, ' I shall alwuys believe it was a boy.' , ' It's the rummiest thing I ever know,' slowly remarked Primus. ' If Boots omes again, the only thing you have to do is to wish him a good-night, and ' to cover up your ears,' was niy recommendation. 'that evening, just as wo woro about to'bogin pr.iyors, wa were all startled by some tremen dous blows on the cellar door. My wife, think-, ing there must be some one at the back door, toid Slillwater to go and see who could bo knock:ng in that outrageous way. ?? '1 Ue r«1 did not stir. After a moment she said, ' It's the cellar door.' ,..- .'.'...-.'. ' Impossible ? ' said her mistress, ' go quickly tind see what it is;' . ? ... Wo heard the unlocking and'rolocking of the yard do r. When the girl came back, she Biid there Wiis to one there. Presently, while I wns reading, there camo more loud blows,. as if ftruck by a h.avy fist, and xinmistakeably against the cellar door. , , When prayers were endod, we went to make uoquuucunce with our. mysterious ciptivo. On opening the door, there w»s nothing to be seen but the tlights ot steps ? , ? ....'. . My wife and I exchanged glances which' said very plainly, 'A sweetheart ' So, as the youth appenriid any, I gave him an encouraging in vitation to came forth and show, himsolf. No reply. : ! ?'.?;?? /-? ? ', I am determined to know who you are,' said. I, nobly plunging into tho abyss, tho. boys at my heels. Nothing whatever to bo seen,' and not a corner in which anything bigger than a mouse coull hide. . The window ? It was tightly closed up for the winter, and was, besides,, blocked with snow. I. was certainly : mystified; but. I sent the young ones to bed with an assurance mat wind, in an old houso,, wus capable of making the most extraordinary noises; and, in illustration, . we all in, turn shook the door; not, however, producing ' any thing like the previous effect ' 'It must havo been at tlie back door,' said my wife with, a searching look at. StiUwater.! ' '' No ; it's tho cellar door that does it;' replied tho girl.1,.'1'''1'. , '' ?'?' '-.'- ? ' ' ? '' ? 'How can it mako that noise of itsolf ?' :' ;- ' 1 don't know.' ? :;r ??.? ?-???:?:?? . 'Bid you ever hear it before ?*'? '??-???; '???'?? 'Yes; this evening, when Mi«s was at 'the' piano.' ? ? . . ? . . ? ::; .????, i ? j ? ? . ? ,?? ' ? Wo decided that we .must watch.?tillwa(;er.' ^ In tho course of tho night, we were awoko by the; agreeablo, sound ot' 'Brip, drip, drip,' in 'ono 'comer of the room, lly wife put a basin benerh, with a towel in it, to deaden the sound. Presontlv ' d-ip, drip,' ngain,. justoutsiJeithe door, which wo always kept open. .':-.'? : v - ' There's a sudden thaw, and we're in for.it,', s-iid I, 'Let'*/ go to sleep. It won't hurt the floorcloth.' .? : ?. .. . ,n . ? ,: ',?.;??; ?.,-..' ... But there was no going to sleop ; for tho drip eiino faster thun ever, until it increase! to a li'. le stream, 'ihero wora no matches in the room; but I managed to find. royjbath, and to set it, with a blanket insido. it, .und-r the spot wlieneo tho sound came.. ...;,;.': ,. . ? : . YVhon at breakfast,' I announced the sad 'uewuof the s d'len: thayr, there was a.chorus of -x-vamations( ' Why I evorything is as hard' as iron, '.,-to.. Ao » .:.' :'. .; .. ???.';:;?.; ?!: iji'i .. r. ?; The motlur. meanwhile, was directing her honjlmaiden to dry up tho water which had, come in , during tho night. , Tlia girl stitrod. When she cams. into.: tlie ;room. again,, her mist ess. aiked her what she.had done with the .'wi-t ; blanket. She stared . moro exprossirely, and was mute. ? ' ..? .i .,.'?. ...... ,'. Don't you understand? ' . . .'''?'' ' Ye«, ma'am. But there ib no wot blanket, acd.no water to wipe up.1 . Upstairs went mistress and servant ; and, in two minutos, back came my wife, looking quito bewildered. ? . ,; : ? ' Thore'B not a traco of water anywhere,' said sho ; ' and yet, after you wero asloop, I hoard it drip fast upon the countorpane, just at my feet.' Our delighted offspring sottled it that mo.thor had been dreaming ; und Primus irreverently hinted that I had gonorously lent my bath in ordor to escape my morning's shudder. When Tortins was being tucked up that night, ho asked, ' Who was that ? porsra who came and lookod at ino after I was in bod?' ' Stillwater, I suppose.' ? ' Oh ! no. It was an old woman, and sho had a funny cap on.' ??? -....?; ' You dreamed her, dear.' ' ' But I hadn't-boen to .iloop. And I turnod my head to tho. wall, ond when. I lookod for her again sho had gono away/ ' You must have been half asleep. Now go to sleop quito, and finish the dream.' , The noxt nigh'. Primus began — . 'Mother, I wish;you -would toll thai old party not to como into my room without knock ing; I had just got into bod; happened to glance across to the drawers, and- tbero sho stood coolly looking at me. I was disgusted, ' and turnod my back upon her. Presently, I looksd'out of tho tail of my oyo, to she- what she was doiiu, but she'd cut.' ' You don't know who' it was ?! ? : 1 No. She look-d like one of tho charwoman — Boot3's mothor, I . daro say. These people are coo5 enough for anything.' ' ??'?..? My wife called to St'illwater, to ask if Mra. Brown or Mrs. Jones had boen in that evening. Sho was answered that'no one had boon. , 'Then; you must have been half asleep1, although you did not know it, nud have, droiimed.' . . .' les, I suppose so. But it seoinea very real. ' At amyrate, I'm half asleep now,' mur murod Primus.. Night after night wo w.;ra rousod by the voice of this or that ohild. ' Thoir mother always went to thorn, and always found them sleeping peacefully j though, a minuto before, . them] had been sobbing arid moaning. It was bitterly cold and I persuaded her not to go at : the first call! Then there was whimpe -ing on the stairs. : ? ? One night,, wethad both been lying nwako for some' timo, listening to what eoemod liko cautious steps-/ first on the landing, and then in oiir own room itself. Wo had tried to por suade ourselves that it might be mico But no ; there wero distinct steps, as of a person walking. Yet, though we 'followed the sound with our eyes, wo eaw nothing. Suddonly, there was a ho wl of anguislii like^ .tho cry of a large animal in pain.: It thrilled u* with horror, for it Ciino trom our daughters1 . room, though it was not possible for it to be their yoioos. When we rcaehod their- bedside, they were calmly sleop ing ; and were- not. oven rousod by our entrance ? ?with the light. I made quiet observations next day, both inside and) outside the house. ' If you.pleose,. ma'a-nt, may I have my sister to sleep with me ?' said Stillwatcr to her mis tress :. -.: ' ? ? -? ?? ? ?. I':'' 'Are you. afraid to sloep alone V ' ' No I'm not a&aid;'.'.. . ? ??? ? -; '.''?Then why dbyouj wish it?' No arlswor;:,only a very utmost look; ' Why.Stillwell, you look as if you had seen a ghost,' said hor-mistrose, laughingly. ? Yes, .ma.'am; I have,' she repliod, very quietly. ' ? ? ; ' -'An! what did it' look' like'?' '' ' ' ' , 'Like Mra.S- — ,-just 03 sho was of aftor ?'noons.' . ,' ? ' ' . ' ' Come, como!'- sho ought to have been all in white, youi know.' ''-.,' ' No, she, was- not in wliite. She had on tho' samo sort of cap. sho- always wore,' and tho same dress and white apron.' ? ' I hope you; asked her what she wanted.' 1 No, ma'am ;. I lay still and looked at her : and then I sat up and lookod ut her hard ; aud presently I couldi not see her.' ' It was no. doubt a dream, and you will pro bably nevpr-ha.ve such another.' I have seen her-twico before, when I was walk ing about.' 'Out of doors- V ' No, ma'ami;: in the house. One afternoon, towards dusk, sho came and lookod at . me through the- window! I wondored how she could bo there, and I lookod at her for a good little time.' ' And thon ?' ' And then sho was not thero. And I went to the window and looked' out, but sho wns gone.' ' What was the use of going to the window, when you knew sho was doad ? ' ' I don't kaow. She lookod just as if she was alivo. Tho other timo, I was kneeling down on tho rug, making your fire burn up. She passed straight before me.' 'Oh! nonsense. Sho would have eel fire to her clothes.' -he looked injured, but quietly persisted— ' Site did, ma'am. She- passed straight be tween me and the fire.' 1 How could sho do thai! ? Keally, Still, for a'sensible young woman, you aro very full of fancies.'. , ? ''.,''' 'it was not a fancv! either of 'the times, .ma'am. I did see her,'1' I did indeed. , I hope you will bolie've me.' : ?'..'?'. ' Yes ; I quite believe that you think you saw Mrs. X ? . You may have . your 'sister to sleep with you.' ' ' ' ; ' . '. .' [' 'Now it is not a pleasant thing for atiy man) still Ie3s for one of .my, profession, to confoss that he has felt 'creepy ' on account of cortain inexplicable sounds'.' But, as this is a perfectly true account, I am compelled to acknowledge that it; happenod to me again and again, during ,tho timo of my dwelling .in 'the Old Lodge. 'Andil also declare that my-wifo and I were perfectly well in health'; land that w;o hadnever )«fore been tho victims of similar terrors. Furthermore, though we spoke of tlw noises,, wo, !at first, abstained from 'mentioning ? our sensations to eaoh other. ' - . 'Aftenan ihour's sleep, I would bo aroused; as if 'nt tho command of some puraon, unseen indeed, but cert .inly in the 'room. Then a smnll something, pay a marbli1, wmld be gently .dropped, more than once, on tho carpet, close at my boriBido ; sometimes on tho floor cloth, just outside the open door. Then tho marble would be gently ro led on. tho boards of thei room', and up against the skirting board. ? It wus an immense relief when, ono night, we oncountered eaoh othor's' eye3 as Ve lay listen ing, and both made a clean breast of our terrors Yo«, nothing short of that word will do. We agreed that the firsr. sufferer should wake the othor. But my wifo ' foundi it not always 'possible to carry out this di- tormination. ?'' 'What didyou'he'ar? ' - I aaked b'or once.' ? Tho chest; of drawers was dragged over tho floor!' site replied. ' £ am thankful you fpoko to me, for I have for somo' timo been trying to !wake you, .but wasi.not allowed. Infaoc,I. havo' beon kept porfectly motionless ' ' ' 'I had heard pre'ois'ely tlio samo sound, yet tho drawors.did not'.appear to have boon actually moved.~'Tlio souridswere so .distinct tba wo alWays connected them with'somo special article. ?Now it was the , chair or the towel-hprso that, was moved.' Nosy, it was the loud snapping of a ;thiok stick' in' the, hall. . ' Now,' it was ti violent blow on' ihe. hall table, 'struck' as' . if 'with my owhj walking stiok, wliicli I ' i'e'm'embered to: have.loft there, and which I found there in, the' .morning' Oi.ce, the 'heaviest, book on my .writjng table appoar.d Ip' bo' propped, as if from the height of a man, on tho' floor-cloth in ,tho hall. .Thon a smalle'r bno!' I nlwajs my eelf shut the doors of tho rooms 'leading into .the hall. -...'? Of course, I tried in- every way' to. account ? for the mystery ; but, aftor a timo, I could only resign mytolf to lie awako and wondoiv 'Tho nights woro bitterly ?' cold/ 'Oh one 'occasion, whon there had boen a persistent dropping ? df - nuts in a' corner of itho room, I jumped up in .desperation, arid) held the light close ,to the spot. In a second, the sound was bohind mo I .wlmked round,- but - tapping to tho right 'of; ino, tapping to left of me, tapping.- in- every direotion, without a second's intormission. No. sionor did I look towards ono spot than the dropping of nuts was at tho other end of tho room.. It was as if somo mischioyous olf woro pnjoying himsolf at my ox'ponso. ? Our boys had gono to spend a d»y or two with some friends ; and thoir mother, not liking the look of tho empty room, had o'ou'd the door in passing; giving it.a push, to mako sure that it was fast. That night wo hoard the door shut with a tremendous bang.' Even had it boen loft opon, thoro was no wind to move it. Auothor night, when wo had been awakened in the usual way, thero was an agroeablo variety in tho entertainment. A delicate fluto-liko souud proceeded from tho closed dining room' Again uud again, a distinct and long sustained musical note, as of lomo sut.tll i.ipo. Thon tho fifth of that note, thon tho octavo, ropoated many times ; then tho sovonth and octavo, ovor and over again. We woro gro»tly puzzlod. Tho piano wai not in that room. And tho sound cortainly suggested a wind instramont of aweot tone. I wont down early Doxt morning, and found to my surprise, a concertina lying on a table I lifted the handlo, and thoro came forth a long drawn note, tho very note I had heard in the night. - My wifo called ont to m» from npstairs, .' That's it! that's it J What is it?' ... ? Without attempting, to disentangle her speooh, I hold up tho concertina. ; 'Oh! that is Phil's. Ho must have loft it behind. But it was the very note ; there is no doubt of it' ..??,,'. ; ;.'.?, . Wo locked tho thing up in its. box, and! put it inBido a bookcase ; and next night, we were, treated to a repetition of the musical notos-, only muflled.; ''???? .''''?- ,., It was not only during the night that toe noises w-fre heard. For instance : I was read ing by the fading afternoon light, when a chair on tho other sido of the room seemed to be rev moved from its place ; so that I instinctivoly turnod my hoad to seo who had entered- tho room. Again, I wns about to go down the cellir stops, in tho. afternoon, whon I hoard' a heavy pickling pan 'lraggod along the slono floor1 below. I quite thought some ono was down1 thero ; but, as uiual, thero wai no ono to be seen, and tho pan was in its place. ; At eleven o'clock a.m. my wifo and Still were on the landing, Tho girl was tolling her mistress that sho had hoard Mrs. X — 's voico tho ovening boforo. Hor mistress told her sho was giving way to fancies ' But Mary Jones heard it too. She had just brought in tho digs, and stood listening to the singing, in the drawing room. Then I hoard Mrs.'X — — 's angry voico again, on the' stairs. anciUIary said, ' Who's shouting ?' I said I didn't know, and sho said, 'It must'bo the missis. Lor ! how angry she is to holler like that. Doesn't she like 'em to sing ? ' ' 'In an old houso like this,' began my wifo, ' there may bo many noisos causod by-r — ' Fufldenly, a noiso, as if a shower of small piecos of the ceiling camo down sharply on tho floor cloth, caused mist/^s and maid to start back in affright, and invlluntarily to look up. There was not a crack to bo som Then tho two pairs of eyes searched the floor in every direction ; theirowners cautiously standing with in tlio shelter of two doorways. ? Not a morsol of any kind could they discover. , ' What was that, ma'am ?' inquired Stillwdter, fixing her sleepy gaze on hor mistress. .. 'I ennnot tell,' was the only roply that occurred to that intelligent l*dy. . ;,.... Oho morning, the post brought me orders to 'inovo on.1 Instead of grumbling, I hailed them with delight. For wo seldomget a decent nighf s rest, and my wife's nerves were begin ning 'to' be weakened by the constant strain upon them. . . ?Tlw Old Lodge had bwn for .years in the charge of Mrs. X— — , who had borno'tho character of , a highly respectable, old lady, with' tho drawbacks of being somewhat' misari thropioal and very avaricious, . I am perfectly. awaro of the ridiculo with which- stories of this naturo; are generally re ceived. I can only repeat that I- have. rotated an absolutoly true oxperioneo, f or which' I am ut terly unable to account. I havo no thf ory on the stibjoct. I havo havo always felt a strong distaste for so-called Spiritualism. I perceive the inconsequence and oven childishness of my story ; and yet it will always remain to tho story tollor a serious fact. . - 