saB&BBsaasaMaa; . " THE TRAFEia;' itN ENGLISH ; . . i . . At Bow-street Police Court a man named Seymour applied to 'Mr. . Flowers for advice. From his statement it appeared that about two months ago his daughter saw an advertisement in the "Era" for ballet ladios, and in consequence applied to' an agent named Gerson, living at 195 Bus ton Road. Sho and three and others were selected for twelve mouths at a salary of £2 per W9ek, and an agreement was signed under which they undertook to go to Berlin. Upon arriving thore, and after fulfilling an engagement, they were informed tliat they would have to proceed to Warsaw. They strongly protested, as they had not agreed to go beyond Berlin, and intimated that they would not have entered into the agreement if it had not been stated that they would have to- teavol farther. They were informed that they would have to go. Appli^ai^had since received a letter from his daughter, in which she said :—"I have been away I think four weeks, and have had from Mr. Hoyler four roubles. I must tell you that Jenny and I are together, aad could be very comfortable if we had more money, for I dont know how we should have got on only for her speaking two or three different languages. Last Sunday we had to go to rehearsal, and when wo finished we went into the c&% and there was some bread on one of file tables. When no one was looking wo took it, and landed it homo for the children, for there was nothing else for us. Ifc ia hard enough, dear mother, to go short at homo ; but hero you may imagine what it is, for the windows are covered with ice. The people stare at us as we go Blong the streets, because we have not got fura on, I suppose. Now we have nearly gone on our knees to tho director, and he has told ns that we ought to have gentlemen to give us money. Of ^course we know what he'means. If at fany time father has got a half-hour to spare he might go up to Gerson, and just give him a bit of his mind." AppHcant^fiad interviewed Mr. Gerson, and he had expressed great surprise at the communication applicant had received from his daughter. He behaved very kindly, aiid wrote to tho British Consul at Warsaw. Applicant forwarded his daughter some money, but he believed she had not received it, as out of twelve letters sent to her she had only received' one. Applicant also wrote to Steinburg, whom ho believed to be the Berlin agent in the matter. He received a reply in which that individual stated that he had acted for Holtzer, whom ho know as a respectable party. Upon hearing from applicant he (Steinberg) had written to Holtzer inquiring after the young women and inclosing some letters for them. He received no reply from Holtzer and expressed a belief that ho :had not handed tho letters to the young women. Holtznr was requested to send the girlg back to Berlin, but no reply was received from him. The magistrate deferred his advice. I think my fondness for the theatre depended to a certain degree oa my silent disposition; for unless among intimate friends, or when much excited, I was startled at the sound of my own voice in general conversation from the shyness which lias haunted me through life, and starts up occasionally like a ghost in my old age. At a play I was not called upon to make any exertion, but could enjoy at my ease an intellectual pleasure for the most part far superior to the general run of conversation.— Mrs. Mary SouierviHe. Floriline 1 far the Teeth and Breath.—A few drops of the liquid Floriline sprinkled on a wet tooth brush ^produces a pleasant hither, which thorouglily cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. The Fragrant Florilina being composed in part of Honey and sweot herbs, is delicious to the taste, and is the greatest discovery of the age Price, 2s. 6d., of the Chemists and Perfumers, Wholesale dealers removed to 33, Farringdon Road, London. Valuable Discovery for the ' Hat)—If your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, us« " The Mexican Hair lienewer, as it will pi itively restore in every case Grey or White ' lir to its original color, without leavingthe isagreeablesmellof most "Restorers * It mal» s the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair or bald sp where the glands are not decayed. Ask yo it Chemist for " The. Mexican Hair Rencwei ' sold by Chemists and Pcf umers, everywhere at 3s. 2d. per bottle. Whoesalo depot removed to 83 Farringdon Roa Lon- 