" UER ERLKONIG." BY MAOBICE J. BIYOUNT. PEETTY ANNIE WESTON had just finished that lovely song Der Erlkonig." The " Thank Yous " and 44 O how Lovelys " had been murmured in the 44 tones of rapture usual on such occasions, and had been more or less blushingly received, when somehow, by one of those strange turns which no one can account for, the conversation drifted to the subject of Imagination and the effect it has on actions, and from that to Conscience. There were a dozen of us in the room, a friend and myself staying with Mr. Weston a few ladies and gentlemen who had just dropped in to spend the evening, and the family. The discussion became general, and every one had some opinion to advance. As th< subjects are necessarily vague, in about ten minutes we had exhausted all we did know about them ; and then, as somebody says, we soared into the free and boundless realm of what we did not know. "We argued high we argued low; we also argued round about us," and as every ope had a different theory on the question in hand, and the ones with the most unreasonable idea were the most' vehement in expressing them, we were very far from arriving at a satisfactory conclusion. At last after many arguments on all sides, Will Smith was demonstrating forcibly to his own very evident satisfaction that imagination is nothing in the world but disordered digestion, and conscience synonymous with inactive liver, and that a judicious course of exercise, vichy water, abstinence from tea and other exciting beverages, would enable a man to walk through a graveyard-at midnight without taking a cow for a ghost—the advantage of which is obvious—or enable him to run a man through, rob a bank, mismanage railways, or break the whole decalogue without feeling any ot those uncomfortable prickings known as the pangs of conscience, the advantages to which, to the world at large, are not quite so obvious. Just then old Mr. Linton, who had listened with an attention very flattering to the speakers, drew his chair forward from the corner where he^ had been sitting quietly all the evening, and said:—" I am Borry that I cannot agree with you, Mr. Smith. I am an old man now. Perhaps if I had been born in an advanced age" an advantage which you 44 possess, I might have held your views, but as it is I am old-fashioned enough to believe that conscience has been divinely implanted in our breasts for our guidance, and that imagination is a distinctive faculty of' mind or brain—it is difficult to determine which—capable of greatly ennobling us if it is properly regulated. But in the regulation of it lies the difficulty. The song Annie sang a little while ago, and the recent conversation, call to any remembrance a rather peculiar incident which has some bearing on the subject that we have all been speaking about. I say it is peculiar not because there is anything very strange about it, but because it is uncommon. I think I heard of a similar case before, but this is -the only one that came under my own observation." The old gentleman paused, and amid murmurs of "go on please," he continued: 'Eight years ago when I was living at Berunga I was a magistrate there. My surgery and dispensary were in the township, but our dwelling-house, which had plenty of land attached, was on the Sandhurst road, about two miles and a half from Berunga. I generally returned home about six, and my son who was my partner, remained at the surgery. J had just come home one evening, and was dressing for dinner, when the door-bell rang, and Jane, the housemaid, informed me that a gentleman wished to speak to me. 44 Some patient," I thought, who will expatiate on his symptoms, ad 44 nauseam. I wish people would not come at dinner-time. However, there is no help for it." Then aloud to the girl: 44 Tell your mistress not to wait dinner for me, and show the gentleman into the parlor." In a few minutes I entered the room where I had told Jane to show the stranger. 441 have not the pleasure—" I began, as he rose on my entrance. "My name is Henry Harper," said he quietly, then earnestly and impetuously— 44 You are a magistrate?" I bowed and waited, feeling very uncomfortable, for Mr. Henry Harper was a strangelooking man of about five and thirty, very tall, very thin, deadly pale, with dark hair and unpleasantly piercing black eyes. 44 You must think it very strange, sir," he said, but I cannot—I will not offer any apologies. 44 I did not come here of my own free frill. I was impelled to it, driven to it by that which haunts me night and day, waking, sleeping when*I can sleep, everywhere I go and in everything I do. I hear it now. Oh, God, my punishment is more than can bear! " He nearly shrieked out the last words, and covering his face with his hands— You mutt hear the voice," said he, it is louder 44 than the roar of thunder." My face must have betrayed my very strong doubts as to his sanity, for he said quietly, almost sadly: 4 You think that I am mad. I am not. sometimes wish I were, then at intervals I should believe that the sounds which haunt me are unreal, but no, I am not mad, and I shall hear them till I die. I have come to you, as a magistrate, to make a confession, in the hopes of obtaining peace from Heaven, and enjoying a moment's respite from the horror that hangs over my life." Here he spoke quite collectedly, and not at all like a madman. 4 You look ill; let me feel your pulse. I am a doctor," said I. He did look ill, very ill. I felt his pulse. It was perfectly regular and normal, not at all feverish. His hand was veify cold, but not unnaturally so; his eyes, too, though so peculiar and piercing, had nothing of that wild, shifty and uncertain gaze of a madman. They were merely the eyes of a person suffering great mental anxiety. In his whole bearing, however, there was a most extraordinary expression, one that I never—never saw before or since, and which I could not define for some time. As he turned his head while the hall clock, a veryloud one, struck seven, the attitude gave me a key to the expression, it was that of listening, never ceasing listening, as if every limb and muscle and nerve were employed in it continually. The whole expression of face and body was a concentration of the power of all-absorbing listening. But as far as my medical experience could show, he was sane enough. However, I heartily wished that he would make haste with what he had to say, and go. I felt I could speed this parting guest with a great deal ot pleasure. Although I was anything but an imaginative man—rather matter-of-fact than etherwise—I felt there was, as the Scotch say, something " uncanny " about my visitor/ He went on. 44 It was an evil day that I ever left England, I was an only son. My father and I quarrelled so violently that I left home that night, and England the next day. This was ten years ago. My poor mother, it broke her heart. I killed her with my violence and evil temper. I stabbed her to the heart as certainly as though I had used a weapon. I landed in Melbourne, and as the gold fever was still lingering about, I joined several others who were going to the Berunga 44 rush." In the course of a few months those with whom I had originally come to Berunga all left, and I settled doarn with a young fellow whose acquaintance I formed there. He seemed to be qnite alone. So was I. And mutually attracted, we became " mates." Frank Glynn was a handsome fellow, and so amiable and clever, I never could underderstand why he remained hidden at Berunga I suppose it was family disagreements. He had a splendid voice, andj what was rather strange in those days and in such a place, it was nearly always German songs he sang— Ah, I loved him then 1" My visitor had taken a seat while saying this, and spoke in such a contained, selfpossessed way, and as there seemed to be nothing very startling in what Me was telling, I settled down half expecting to hear rather a prosy story; but still the listening—the intensely listening air, the earnest black eyes, and the ghastliness of the face seemed at variance with the calm voice, and made me feel nervous every time I looked at him. Suddenly he started up, and continued ex citedly this time:— "I must hasten. It is driving ijie on Ah; if I could but close my ears and brain for one moment .1" " I hear nothing," said I; the night is very still, and the nouse IB quiet." 44 44 No one but a cursed wretch like me can hear it," he said. ' I hear it always, perhaps if you had taken another's life you would hear something like it too, but pray Heaven you never may. Frank Glynn and I were lucky, and going to leave Berunga. He had never liked it, and I had come to loathe the place. We were going to start very early one morning, walk to Sandhurst, and catch the evening coach. It was not far, five and twenty miles. We spent our last evening at Clarke's. Jem Clarke was the keeper of the little store. He had a daughter so handsome, so made to be loved that I cannot think of her calmly now. Her father had left England thinking to make a fortune quickly out here, and had brought his daughter with him. She was well educated, and could sing like an angel. Frank often went to their place in the evenings, and while she sang he accompanied her on the violin, or joined her in what she was singing. I went too sometimes, but not often, it maddened me to see them together. I even hated to hear them sing, lovely as their voices were. Frank Glynn loved her, so did I. did more, I worshipped her, reverenced her, I do so now, but I began by degrees to hate him. 8trange, that love of one person should make us hate another. That last evening they sang together, and I saw that she cared for him above everyone else in the world. They sang on, saying it would be their last evening for a long time, but I heard Frank whisper 1 will be back again soon, and then " I 44 could not hear the rest. But I saw her look happy, and she smiled so brightly at his words that for a moment I nearly hated her, The last song they sang was Der Erlkonig," the favorite with both of them. 41 They sang it as if their souls were in it. We wished Mr. and Mrs. Clarke and Nellie good bye," and told them they need not expect 44 to see us again before we left as we were going very early in the morning, before anyone else was stirring. 44 Yoa are going early," said Mrs. Clarke. ' Yes," replied Frank, we wish to get well on our journey before the 44 heat of the day commences." 44A very good plan, " said she; and then we wished good night, and " Good byes" again. 44 Good bye, Mrs. Clarke, you will hear from me soon," shouted Frank in a tone intended for the ears of Nellie, who stood in the background. We walked on silently, our way was a track through deserted claims. Our hut was, for the whole district has altered very little, near where your house now stands. It was rather a dark night, the moon was in her second quarter, but the sky was so overcast that her light was scarcely visible. We walked on slowly and cautiously, for there were abandoned shafts on each side of us, that we might very easily walk into, and silently because he was thinking of the girl he loved, and because I would not trust myself to speak. I loved her so, and hated him because he did so too and she retaned it. The few words we did speak were not pleasant ones, for I determined to quarrel with him, and a man determined to a quarrel con always find some pretext ready. At last as we neared our hut, the rage and jealousy burst forth, words ran fast and furious, I cursed him, then came a calm—the lull in a storm. He, as if unconsciously, bfegan to hum the last few bars of Der Erlkonig." Oh unhappy chance! the 44 sound angered me, roused the worst passions in my nature, and recalled so vividly the sight of he,r face as she looked while singing that, looked with eyes full of love and admiration for him. I think some demon must have possessed me, I am sure a man in his right mind could not have done as did. I.must have been mad then, though I am not now. I do not know what I said, but I struck him ! struck him down ! coward and madman that I was, and he fell. We had been standing, and the fact had been quite unnoticed by either of us, on the brink of an old and very deep shaft, down which it would be certain death to fall. He fell, he was stunned, and for one moment the moon shone out to show me the white face and clenched hands. He fell. Some earth that his fall had loosenedi fell to* the bottom with a light sprinkling sound, then a stone or two, with a sharp, quick noise, then the dull heavy thud which sounded so dead that it made my heart stop. It must have been a deep shaft, as deep as the bottomless pit I think, for yeara seemed to pass between the first sound of the gravel, then the stones, then the body. All the horrors of my position, all the greatness of my crime came before me a hundred times, and each time more intensely than before, in those intervals, till my brain and heart seemed filled with burning blood. As the echo died away I fled from the spot, fled with the brand of Cain on my brow, and as if the Avenger of blood" were at my heels. 44 «" At I fled I heard a sound, as first very faint, like the, echo of an echo, then louder till it swelled into a shout. Was it madness ? Was I guiltless ? Had I dreamt the sight of that ghastly face, and that awful falling sound ? Was he alive ? The tune was Der Erlkonig," and the voice Frank Glynn's, 44 as I had heard it last. For a moment I felt such delight, as a lost spirit suddenly restored to bliss must feel. He lived then I For one moment I felt this—the nest, I felt surely, and the agony of it was terrible, that that was the voice of no living man, a,nd that I should hear it for ever that, it would haunt me night and day, and sound my knell in death. I rushed on. I never knew how I reached Melbourne, but I did. I was ill. That tune and voice ever sounded in my ears. How I longed to die to escape from it. I had a little money on my person, and some good Samaritan took care of me. Accidentally I saw an advertisement in a newspaper entreating me to return, home, as my mother was dying, and all should be forgiven. I went, and by the time I reached England my mother was dead. My father forgave me, wondered what was the matter with me, pitied me; poor old man. Thought it was grief at my mother's death. Ah, could he have only known. Could he have heard that voice. What would have been his thought ? I often wondered at first, people never did hear that sound; It was so loud. He died in a year or two, and I succeeded to the prosperity, but what good could that or anything else do me with that voice daily growing louder and louder iff my ears. It never ceased. How- I would have prayed if a murderer had dared to pray that the voice would cease but for one mdment. I tried to do good. Gave my money to the poor, built hospitals and schools, but of no avail. 'That voice drove me from my home. I sold off everything, and wandered everywhere where there was danger, wishing to die, longing to die. I would have killed myself but for the awful thought that if I did, and so shortened my penance here, that voice would be eternal. That tune always the eame as when I last heard fromthis lips of a living man impelled me to Victoria, and drove me bare, for on what is now yoar land is the shaft where I deprived a fellow creature of life anu3 It is M nghtl should give my sdf up to justice here." d I did not know what to say, so I silently bowed my head. " I give myself up to Justice," said he. Will you search for the body. Will you, as a magistrate, arrest me for murder, so that I f may pay the penalty of my crime, which is what that voice has been haunting me for, which it had driven me from the other end of the world for." He was shaking with agitation, his lips were livid, and he trembled as though he would fall. " You make a most serious charge against yourself," said I. To- morrcfw I will have the shaft you mentioned 44 searched, and, of course, I must- do my duty, unpleasant though it will be if the facts are as you state. But I am deeply sorry for you." " I thank you," said he, " and will you do' me a very great favor? Do you know"— and here his voice' trembled— anything of her—Nellie Clarke?" 44 . Yes," said I. \ v " Just when I came here two years'after yon left apparently, she was married, and I heard at the time something about a romantic lover, Frank Glynn, who left the place with a friend, promising to come back, but who did not. Jilted her the people about Said. However, people came and went in very strange ways in those times, so nobody thought anything about it but Nelly Clarke perhaps. Poor thing, she has had her troubles. She has had very-ill health. I have visited her professionally. She always looks to me like one mourning for the dead. I think her marriage was her parents' doings. Her husband is poor enough. He broke his leg a month or two ago. There are several little children, and they are all in great poverty. Poor little woman! " My visitor looked fearfully agitated for a moment, and then said: 44 Doctor, I give you this cheque for her (it was one for two thousand pounds) give it to her after—well you know what—and here is another cheque which I beg you will cash' and distribute amongst the charitable institutions and among any poor that need it." 441 shall be very happy," said 1, to do as 44 you wish, but as your crime was not intentional, I truBt you will be able to be almoner of your own bounty." 44 And now," said he, " will you take my statement down and get it witnessed? " 44 There is no necessity," said I. "I beg yon will, said he, it *ill ease my mind so." 44 What could I do. The manner of the man was so strange, everything was so strange. So I tosk down his statement. He signed Henry Harper in a trembling hand. Then I signed, and called in a man who worked about the place to sign as witness. When that was finished I was astonished to see the alteration in my visitor. He looked calm, even happy, if such a ghastly face could express happiness. " Thank God, said he, " I can breathe, the voice is silent. I have confessed, and will pay the penalty. The spirit is appeased. I can breathe. I can live. T feel, I know now I shall never hear that voic» -gain till it brings me the last summons I shall ever hear in this world, when next I hear it must answer to it beyond the grave." The wonderful expression of his face chained me. I could not speak for a minute or two, at last I said, Will you stay with me to-night?" 44 441 will'' he answered " and if the thanks of a man like me are any good take them for your kindness." 41 Will you come and have some dinner" said I. " Pray excuse me if I decline, I want nothing, thank you." I showed him to a room, forced him to take some wine, he would take no food, and left him. I went and had my dinner, chattered with my wife about Henry Harper, and we both agreed that he was to be pitied, and that hiB story was peculiar. 44 Poor fellow," said my wife, he is greatly to be pitied, I think the voice he speaWs of must be the effects of a heated imagination acting on his conscience. "I cannot tell," said I, 44 the voice to him is very real." Iii the morning I went myself to Mr. Harper's bedroom, I knocked loudly at his door, no answer, knocked again, called loudly, still no reply. I opened the door and walked in. He was sitting on a chair by the bedside in a listening attitude, with a smile on his face—quite dead. He had been dead for some hours. The bed was untouched. He had evidently sat down the evening before and had never risen. Had he in the dead Btillness of the night heard that voice which this time brought his summons ? Had the voice this time brought him news of Test after such a troubled life ? and had he answered cheerfully to that signal of release with the smile that left its impress on his dead lips ? Who can tell ? A search was made. The remains of a body were found in an old shaft on my ground, a watch found there, when cleaned 1 had on it the initials F.G. I found Nellie Clarke, gave her the money, and distributed the rest. The old gentleman ceased, the company were silent for a moment, then said Annie— "That was not imagination Mr. Linton, that voice was a real one to him." " Yes 1" said Tom Smith and several others. TRIE END. 