STANLEY GORDON, A HIIS' ICAL TALE r:z riiWsU-iuU l AND WATERLOO, By JOHN RAE, AUTHIOIR OF " THE SttIEtLD AND I.ANNERI WON.' lrith Exciting Incidents unong BIrigands in tlhe Cantalbrian IMounttins ,f Splin, And Lore pure and strong (,, Lifi'. It would be useless to attempt a description of our feelings. Death we were prepared to brave, but torture alllong iellnds like these was too dreadful. My faith never hbrsook me, o ,d ily courage seemdcl to rise with the terrible emergeny,. and Mary was a brave girl. We knew it was toedless to a:tempt escalpe by our own quarters, for they could reach thewI in a few mOllellnts by crossing the collurt, while we had to traverse a long labyrinth f passage. W\\\'e covered our heads ain faces closely with the cowls of our priestly robes, and resolved to seek safety by mixing in the crowd ratther than attract atten tion by runnin;g away. \Ve knew holw likely they would be to pursue anyone they saw llying. Our lives depended it, our coolness, and falling into the ranks of the priests. BuIt how to get among them was thle dillieulty which caueud our hearts to beat so loud that we could hiar them. At the end of a passage leading to the outside was a crueilix ill a recess, where we lbserved several enter with bIowed heads, 1mutl spend a few moments in devotionll attitudes. ?A solitary candle was blurling, Iut its dill light served but to ea-t a ,deeper gloom into snem parts. We glided into it eorner with slow steps and bent heads, but with eyes anlld ears wide open. It was tile Ilollr fr Ilidlligilt de'votions and 1 god un,llll er calllle in. The conuotion outside increased and .a bell was rlung tl suim 111lon11 all tlo ilet. IIHastily rising romll their kniees they were leaving in a body whenr we, withl our hIlods or cowls over llr lr he:ads iaiII faces, fell ll illllll amn tihel nlld lpassed wilth the llmllanillly into the coulrt yard. We helard tlhe labbot ill in a fury utter curses, loud amd deep on all who had allowed us to escaple. Six riders were ordlere te r ll mountl, lnud for tlheir lives ride to every town and order every traveller to be stopped, every outlet anMd inlet to be guarded and watedtl, anul. no traveller in wIhatever disguise or dress to Ibe allowed to pass till satisfaction was rendered. We were ordered to divide into two and march out at the gate ; one linle passing to the right and the other to the left, till we lmet and compassed the building right round. As we passial out in single tiles we got a gun or pistol, amn received oolers to lire on anly one seen moving wIho could not give the word " Ptontil," nul all were to close up when a gun was tired, anld run to help. The night was dark, wet, and windly, so that torches could not burn, and there being only a faint light f'u,, ....... r ., . :... a ;,. ......, .. "l It.,,na. 1?( ,o,! ,dil?n. W eo iwai o quite ast ill is tlie others :ditl ildeert 'r stnOtpcl so ias not to look conspi?nlusll: thus we passed out, both arlmed with itusket-. Mary mtanagedl to keep close by tie. We had not gone for wheln a gul( oiI the other side went till, and the rush was towtars the spot. We took advantage of the confuisoii, and tied for our lives in the dark. I could tell which Was tlhe west and we ket tltht direction till daylighlt appearel. We were htlltugry, but ais we had plenty of w.ter we kept close anld rested all the dlay. Towards evening ire ventured to approach'l a lieasant's cabin, antd ottur priestly robes procured its i it supply of enarse brown breita, which we thought the sweetest food we had ever tasted. We woult have paid for it, but we knew such lan insan!e thinlg woutl have attracted attention anld per haps lel to piursuit, so we acted the part of priests all tile way. We'rested Iby day and travelled by night, keeping the Pyrenees ounutains u o our left. The weather grew quite' wartll in the tldy anld we were very glad to rest ill the shade. Our journey was full of singular andull even romalntic incidebitit, but 1 ieed utot:describe it all. At last we reached the"out-. skirts of a town that we found was Bayonne. Our hearts leapled for joy at the sight. of the oceani, and the white sails awajy out upon it, that looked like birds of tile air happi'andti free.. We felt as if still in the cage, for we could iot reacl thetm:irithout first going through the habitations of men. What dress couldiwe adopt ? We couldl not wear the dress of our own sex, and we could not go as pricsts, for thie first of the order who met us, would lie sure to claim brotherhol6d with uns. We waited till iight, aind. when tll was still,' we visited several ships, but they were all foreign. At lust we camte upon one where we were hailed in the Innguage of Scot lultd'ilnd it seemted like the sweetestt music iin our ears. Never did 1 hear 'lay sound so sweett as that sailor's call of " \ih's that ?' :We had solme dilliculty with him, but we succeetled in satisfying hilm, and he proved a true friend. lie belonged to Aberdee, and the ship was bound for Leith, after taking ia etrgo of wine. Site was Int very large, alnd there was not rootmh to hide awaly. so we got dressed ats sailors, our hands aI nd. faces smoured with tar, a:nd took our places crtrying :boxes and packages, or any other duties till the ship was reaty. .We hadl our naioes entered as Clhrles Marintal d and Hlbert Sciutt, as such they appeared oun the ship's book its seamen or we could not hitve escaped, for the day twe sailrtl there were Ino less than nine priests, mon.ks, and friars oil bioard, and every box, corner, and even hale was exalllilled with thel utlllost care. They saw nothing, howvever, to excite their suspiciouls and su with beating hearts we helpled to cast off the mloorings, and the ship stood out to sea. CIIAPTEII IV. . SOLEMN VOW t IN ST. tlRE;OllY'S MONA.STItY. It woull be imlpossilble for ile to describe tmiy feelings as I left the shores of FraIce. Though I felt overjtoyed at imy escape, I realized the fact that nay journey, with atill its terrible dnllgers uhad iell i failure. My worst fears hadleeu greatly deepened byI, the dreadful scenes inl St. ,Girons. I shuddered aits I thought of ty twn Norman, ati I e could a hi !!.n.ge,' i a,.h.t h .'," 'r e.i cria'eta feeling that I had done all a mirtal beingeouldl t,and I was defeated; wereI to :atitempt agaiu, I should pterish. I had eseaped only its bIy lire ; imy igunorance had saved tie. hIld I knowna till the dreulfiul dangers that ibset ie I would hiae never left It.y holmte. Now I did knowi. and I dared not try again. But it seemed to come into imy heart that that the Lord had a purpose to work out, which lle would revetal inl Ilis own time. It was not for ile to try tio lift the veil, 1 must retire and watch iand twit for that time; but no ordinary experience could have taught tile that. lyv heart now turned to mny chil at houme. In my eager neso for his father I hadi left the child withoult nuch fear or anxiety. Iut Inow as the l"rench coast and hope of recoverieg Normanu, fd:?tl bIelow the htuorizi, iy heart weut ?ut in hlove for nly rt'luaiing tic. I co'ltd sea rcel ont'l ai'tllil ityself to wait till the ship was mootred. WVe hail no luggage atd of course no lchanges of clothing. As men we had sailed, anld its ment we latdel ,ill the pier of Leith. We crossed the Queensferry early ill tile mlorning, took the coach to Perth, attid hired a conu'eytuaee to earry us to, t point where we could soon reach homre. Iow our hlearts bounded as we pased tiup the gravel path. There was no light and the house wore ai slemn and sad tlook. What would I not have girven to, Iear imy chili -creamini g, but n,, the, stilliues of the grave was reigntiuigut side and in. We trittl the doors, tald we tried the windows: we knoiktel till the hollowl echoes resoulnded tilup the glen, aud we thoughit they must awaken the sleepers in the grave yard, for I was becomling frantie. Ily meants of a ladder we it last gained access by anl upper window. I flew to the little cut where I hail left my darling boy, but it w11as cold and empty. I scarce took timte to divest myself of toy nale attire, and put t oI1n ily owIi dress. My litir which had I ben rolled l up tightly into illy sailor's cap, I let loose but could nut take timle to braid : so with it streamling over my sthoulders. I gt out autnd ritl to Mrs. Lindtsa's. 'lThugh past midllight I founlld her still tup ad alone, crying till her eyes were ahnlost linded. So eager was I a:ld s sellish that I rushed in, threw myself. ton liy kel s tiefore her, and holding out tmy hants, asked for Iniy child. I lmust have seemed to her like one come from the grave yard. T're suddeletnis of tmy demandl which she could not satisfy, ad the id lae w in smy eye, a, if I wert mad, so terrified the dear old lido, ahose miniid d "a1lreldy, been stretched to its uiitiost tension by trials of, its oni, thait he fell senseles s on iiy ICtk Maqry caniO i;minusg iu,,eiii to Sether we laid her .owl?'r i tile ,bd,sld r lidi all iwe, could flr her, but not till thed aylt alppeed did we seignsof re turning life All that tlne I was racked witlihomlnost pain ful anguish. Myv poor nurse niUst ave sulterd thrie il most •~~ i ,,tdl ,' ", .l:.I ,I, I II ,i-; iliH il,.I ,1 II I":I 'I. inteise ilieiiil lliilil, iUd Gortlir, fo[r ishe was wasted 'iot sl idow of lier foriler self her hair i hed ie e l ite ihit? '111d the liies of td re lied dlcepened oi hier f aces anicuhi as tn years of orliiiar3 ntear couli hrile doen find she natched by the ?ldide of .thedealnr id.'tf oi?'ieenilli kdie, ilhifc ii iiitf his little colliii iills fdll led hulm'td to the old kirk ytird A id would she r ecots ver ti 1 tie all isx ut dil? licas ahdIast raldy to run to the '0waisyirul til( lte if thete wiis a littli I Wly opec'uI ier gs n.inl wih ls o?okiilg rounti 'ir.' I w i by licr I ,,, ,; l +! , c1,1', /i". ,11 .,'1,' tia ! + .,€ ri 1 . l i ? ' Il, sid oii iny lkimees iai htillt ti tiiie I sI! a iiore coulp med. At last sispoke. I tliought you were oldy a ghost coime bik o er tieikdell deeli sea, to sk our chil hd froi iime. ore you really not dead ? aild did 'uiiou ' nfi I?F ?ne?e i". Noli i d0"eair deilr iiiie wl'hy do )olil ask sulth a qiiiqstuoi as tll l It" l # 1 1 I liher" is iy daugrlit? i poor M[ary? " I amn here, nother, oterquit i s lii soud .',? /. SAi the well-kno ii svoie, Mrs. ,L Rdsay sprang up. ad lookedl startled. ~llfa'rylfi onhlr ekif , iiiil sa ~pese tlto lier leart Withi a teniriessie far biyond aiiy' uansual denustra tioiiqf, jOy.io'tligh I was, pleasl an , affected yet,?eery inoillenlt was l radl of dr iixitd ilm to e.,1,' laid ily hanl ,oii Ma Liuds?y; , heanui:nt ii :'," I, have Ilrquightak ytur pt lcss daughter c; ,now tell' iiie of niy 'child I JIs hI.dead ? Sicalk aid ase imy, b?rtiinstil ? ti u .ti,"ni " l 1."I believelhe isl.live, buit lvhi thde bbqttlof It. Gregory's brouglht your letter aludordier til delier upi, te child,to them, I wns forced toobey.' i, i ,,, , , ,M- bblI rin I began to re?lize ainotlier dreadful plot against Roue.. I le ueill i e bed and gasped for breatli. Tell tie all alqut it," I said." while I recover iny strength l alld collet 'lii?y cattered seises" I ,:.. I ; .. ''I t " II i" 'I,"i 1 have niicrly st" iiiy reck'oilhi"" of tiilih' fyr idiys" ani nights have beeii alike t6 iid il'tel ? lutl,ii ilust hai ice 1 about a weck ago, I wa drenshig uor dear c hild' andilhe was so well. I wias lnliisinl hBiliiiid 111 was,"fiull 'of liftl iil beauty, for lie wivis Ii rety ehild ; sWliiI all. o lat ieel scome thing naeiO between its and tiligm h h '?t. ; llk:lksl 'l , i' < . I '. ll . .. . I t , ~ , . » I ti - '? i , ? 1 , tlere were foul; or five" agelt froii the iuOlll ona1r standing roulnd iis. Onie )ithi ai loung h it ee b1mnl, calle orward ' wiit il 'p a l iaer, ani desired ii, ie l read it. I acli no scholar, ?lldii"y eyes wiere aliuii asid I was treLiabliu g."'kiut'litli i,'Wils, tlite nilre girl, iuld readl like a parson, iInd'? oi `l it all Doil' to ile,l and showed me your oivn' nami'ci agedat "tlie tittotiuu quite pilainly, just as"oou'iwahvys wit it: T'ie letter told us that you and Mary Lindsay- -you' e'th le3 kie"' ririir m'iies qiiite well- had giie' throutih.l 'rai'ed to 'Liludix, ?werieod ?1o tll caught the fever! Matiry' dieed 'firsl;i' iid yiii' hid called for the m iost Ioly, Fatlers of' the' Cliurh', ind 'lad eoifild l t theim-your child--to be rered' in'tlhe apiiostoli holy, clmureli, and the letter specially addressed to use, desired iiie ?i ,hlie muame of the Lonl Jesus to give the boy to the Most Iloly and Reverend llishlop Sylvester. I was like oie i 'a dre?in i;ii I believe I lecanie insensible, blut I Would not plart withl the child. Tlhoughi but anc infant, the ldear little boy cltu 'to sCe, aiid I pressed hlium to imy heart, so tliht they' coul not hike hiin away. ' 3Irtlil was there, ll edhai' llele illttuillieytyi Irieiwfilien I was alonie, land four of tlhem, held iie while others carried himn away. As' soon as I cuiild get free, I ran to the cot, but your dear chibl, miy preciose 'charge, was gone, I fell oin the floor, and iuilst have beeii there for omie timle, for whe ll woke, I was where you follunlld ille. I could hear no imore. likq one distrlstid l'I rushed fium Mrs Lindsay's house. I felt ini miy bosoiii for i stilett, it was not there ; I had laid it aside withl'iJmy cliiige of cdtliets. I flew back to smy house, but 'could niot hiiil' it. Obiier'rlg a shlort sword over the manll tel piece, I concealed it uueil".tly .lress, ,id with liy hair nmiatted aiid 'streainuig ll iii bid ni , I flew to the 'inonastery. .....' . ' "'. Arriving at the gac I rang tlie 'biell with a violenee that startled the porter and lie rain to opeie it 1tt ili 'see ile asw ti lie was for closing it iii niy fRdce. I lanired'foris ,nd irili ly short sword. and put hli to Iighlt't. I theie tl?le gat wilde opell, took out the kes which 'hils i e gnta? heavy ne, aii ecaried it in Uimy haliid. Eiteriig the first door I sa eoplicit passed along a paassae, till I caiie, bi a lar e rooim wshie severiil itiei were sitting atit aitble. liso of tihen rushid for ward to prevent i?y eitry, but I presenited the large key i' ,Pi hand anud the rapier in the other, anid I suitipose ?it' looks Ild, I was not to be trifled swithli ud I wenit ion. ilae who was sitting in a higl' s it clini al?itforul rose iiisld i deniiauu t hin cause of uiy utintltely iltrusioli. I stood foiirntl watal a launtless eye mitl denliuileul, 'i' Ishy thi", had i iiiat ei al untimely initrusion ito ti iy'houis inii my ?hilbsene .ai hadI tlein iaway ily child 'I lidad itn?u here for hi aind I would have hint if I had to overturn oiery stone iii te luii .loud Iaugh of derisiomr iing through the haill., O f thliemi pulled a bell ivithl great force, and a nulitbdr of do?nle ties rushd in. One imust havyi been the butcher, for lie lind his arms bare and lie was spdtted all ,dver w?itlih 'bhod.ul' glanuce at that ilan struck iiie with turr'r, for I hi okc ikeI the execuitioner I sativ oi the dreadful tragedyu a St. GIe'n'; vaults. Anld whilat if that bleod on himn was the life 's blon of iiy chihld ? The thought roused iie t in iuleiss iiii ilils. pclll smy fears. Life was worth imotihig hi ire if I ladl lt all that made it dear : so I darted ,ip the stsies to tii ce, 0 lwhere the chairuman sat ,; but I wad "seizedl' at all 'oits' lifted bodily up, and d?ipitepi il lluioat re istaAo erArrile t^i , ' ''' el ,f'i " i l, '?,t It" ll ll uui? l dark duntgeon. My hands iand feet were chained and I wans left fir a little to mtedilate. As I got time to think I saw how rush I had been to rush singly into danger. As miy eyes got more t.-ed to the darkness. I liegan to distinguish olljects, By degrees I grew calmer, a'nd felt time wouti etnd tlhe strife. and I would meet the dear ones beyond this weary life, Suddenly I heard a cry that made toe start, to tty feet, and every nerve to thrill with an indeinable sensation :--tlhe cqi',f a child-tiny own childl-1 knew it as well as I knew the hleating of yitt own heart. I made a rush for tlhe door, bIut nmy chains hiell ine back. I called at the top of tiy voice, and tih! nlpture, lie nnsworetl n", back again. 1 was standing at the full stretch of mty chains, with toy head bIent forward ; my ears optr and nty eyes as if they would pierce through the door, when I heard thle lock turned, and three agents of the mImastry entered. Hlolding out imy clasped and tanacled lhands, I plleaded for liberty to ebrlllace itty child. " G(ivee ilm but tmy infant hlb, uald 1 will go into a dungeon as gladly its into a palace. Give tie liberty and siy child, and I will beg sty way to the etl of the earth, atnd even bless you ttl pray :ftir you ." The three paused, stepled out tand consulted for a little tiiie,'attd' iliin thei rettlrnedt, onetif :then said; " o, u canu obtain both your child and your liberty ot ceortai coin ditiots."to t " Name thei," I said, frainitally. . " " Y ti 'Itist abatidtin the ntatie of hiil ithom yoli' call your husband, nid imentioni it'not: in thei ears of 'any living niortal beifig. Your "chilti must iteither 'bear his nanie tier hear it from you, nor any one: else. " Yout must give hit lihereittuilher name-not at' the altar--nild by which Ithe shall be kiiowns to you iand all with who hlie cames' into indmtct: Yot ' must sign over to this Chuirchl all right, claimi, title and interest ini Norman Vile, and go'at otIce a hun dred iiles from'it, utnder penalty of breakitnga mittosst oleum oiath: which you must take at the altar, and tht brciikitig of which would sink your soul throughl all eternity." "' 'Free iy liands 'nd show me your bond in the light of day. I wes released, andt after n delay which seemed.h toien very.' long, but I supplos they were preparing the bond, I was con-' 'drcted itip tut a roomts which ust have been Cused for a chapel, and la ske to kneel at an altar otn which stood, what, seemed a golei cnruticfix. It alppeared to tile as if the figure' of the Savioiur was animated, and I stood awe struck before the, soldeiih emibleim. Thehoilnd was submiitted to mite on a little marble, font ill frittuf'thois altar. With regard to giving up Norman Vale and all I posessed J did 'iot hesitate one motuent. They appeared to mite b,t ias a graiti of dust and dtross compared with tny child. .I couldd have given all tile treasures of Egypt, the gorgeous palaces of earth ndil the riches of India. I could have thrown the. wtorldaway as less than n,,otlhing, to Ihave Imy child at noy' breast, oid feel lhin nat my he Iart, With regard to t te other portimns, I forgot the sacrednless of the place andti protested against theim. I could not cast anily the name of hittim who was n liy Ihwful wedded husblnd, leaving tle the scorn of the world, and mily child tho object of reproach. "Let te caution you," said the agent, " not to defy your fate. There is not a ship in the harbor of Dundee waiting for you both, which will bear you to a place where yioi will be quite safe-indeed so safe,-tlhat evel your near est friend will never disturlb you again. We have no time to dally, the men arelJ wa waitiug and at a word you will lind F"-r thine e y ioa t yo ftoun l yout self in the The cries of tIly child seemed receetding and dying away in the distautce, and the life's blood seemted going front my heart. I looked at the iond, took iup the lpen and again I laid it dIown. " I can ontly sign away my own right,'" I said, " which you know will expire whlen lly boy is twenty-one. I caunot disinherit himt and I cannot prevent himi tryintg to redeem his name and rights wheI h'e comes of age. Allow ite to make that eorrection, and I will here solemnly accept it." The lond was witlhdlrawn, an I was ordered back to the cell; but another dignitary ca;ue in, and spoke with' thel a few words. My senses seemed so acute that I felt sure ihe was urging conlprmntise with them, and then lie cane forward to ime, and maitde an attempt at kindness. lIe said I had expressed imy desire to have the child on any conditions, and they were simply granting imy own desire." I relplied, " I was not one who could sign at bondl, and take a vow, unless I could sacredly observe the twhole eon dlitiiis. But I had neither forfeited tmy life, my1 liberty nor itny chihl, and it was only an act of cruelty, injustice, or oppression toi deprire tme of either." lie saitd. " I had forfeited my life and liberty. I had forced my wa' into the sacred courts of this imonastery, and withi a drawn sword, had tlreateted the life of the Most Holy 1' ather.' M3y anger kindled again ait this mean excuse, sCeing I had 11ly comle ats an outraged mother to seek iy childi which they had takent, and I looked definece at hiil, saying, " I have friends whol will come here to seek tie, and they ,will demtand me at your hands, free and unfettered." My words and confident manner produtced a marked ellect. lle left ie for a few tinitites, anud retired to coisult. TI'hotugh I spoke bIravely, ny heart was bleeding and tremtl ling. They entered with the bnd, and desired to know, fr the la-t time, if I woull now sign. Thinkintig I staw concession and doubtI in their formerly stern faces, I bolly said, I L will n1t." They then asked nee toi make mty reservation, and they would consider it. I took the pen and with a trembling hauld wrote, " I accept and sign this hittld only for myself, allhwiing illy sui to assert his name and rights when lie is twetnty-one years of aige, and I must be allowed to tell timy tale to ontt whoa I pledge will never reveal it to anly living being," Somle demur was made, but I was asked to sign. " Bring aly child first" I said. I leanl his voice and at the same time a door behinl thlea crilicitix opened, and a woman appeared bearing nly -boy. I kllnew him iu a mnnclt, alnd lhe knew ne, though I was greatly changed, lie held out his Ilands and cried to get to ite. I would hlave clasped lhinm to mny beating heart, but was held fast, and required to kneel before the cruirifix, which was ligllted up, and the pleading anxilous face and cyes were turned on me, so that I thought it was real, and that I was actually ina the aaraseaaee of tlt' lihjviaagsesareloTs a.r.aria. Tta IaI Wok ala aaatta so sAaleaaaaa thetaafaaare tit evea aaa taaoaaghasreaas at. I heard ily child crying for mle. and in liy illinost heart I nmeant all I said, that I mliglht clasp hint in aay arms. I could then have consented to ie shut lup in a cell and baisllhed fronl the light. of day, if I could only get nlly ilfant clild. His father, I felt I lave lost, tile child was all tlhat realaiaed to Iae, anld to get hlian, tilhe world did not caaltain a possession I woull not have renoceloll. I vowed to leave the district by tihe first conveyance I could find, and not evean so amuchl as look back at Normanl Vale lest like Lot's wife, I became a pillar of salt. I shoull Iold IIo converse with friends or speak one word to any plaerson about ay alfairs or amy reason for leaving: thelni. The chlapel was illuminated by a liglht which exceeded in brightness anythillg I had ever seen. A halo of tile' brightlest radinlace shone rolunad the gre'at crucifix whichl appelared to be alaianated, and a voice as front the.cross said, " Restore iher child ; I will be sutrety for her. I knlow hier heart ; sle wvill never crucify, sen afresh,' nor put man to openo shame." Addressing iae, tllhe voice said, " DaUnghter, go in peace, and keep your vows, or the curse shallal fall on you and your cllild." lify infnt, boy was then brought .close to nie, but I was told lied must be baptized before. I could receive him. . Thile hligh priest held hilta on his arm, his handl ready to dip inlto the water. I was allowed to choose a .antie if not that of his father. I, e rbered his grandfatlher's name was Staanlel and my own natume. wasc Gordon. .So without Ilhaving time to thilk, I called'hilm Stauley Gordon. As'slac lie waz baptised, audt registered in their, book, which I was required to sign. Thle mlomeant I laid down the apen I was allowed taa clasp nay treasure. As ho nestled on my breast, I felt as if I had been tanl tile richest woman on all the earthll. . I would not have laid down nty treasure for all the crowns of Europe. I was colducted by a back way and let out at a wicketgate ill the garden wall ; Ibu I had tnot gone 'farrlwhen my atteol tion was attracted to an exciteal cotmpany of country people rushling after tae, foremost 'amnl g whollm wre Mary Lindsay; and her mother. They tolal 'ne they ihad beeit at. the fronti gate, kland had otllyinow beeti told that I had gone by the back somle tiite ago." Thlere were en armed with nuskets, pitclforks, flails, axes and clubs.: pi It appeared Mary and her motler, kniowing too' 'ell the power I had to deal with cwas toa' great for' me, raised a cry and sent to gather our neighllotir to come anlld rescie tlte.' We cannot sufficiently estinmate the blessings of livitlg in Scotland, for hal such a tllhing occurred in France, tio one would have dared to lift so mnuch as a finger, or evert look if I had been sacrificea without tile gate.' But mty hieart" rejoiced over any ative Inlaud, because there even the simtple peasants were not afraid to lift their voices, knock at the gates of the dreaded mIonasteries and denandti justice and jludgimet. I knew inow vwhy tte priests yielded. It wras nleither throughl pity for nte and ttly clhill, lior for love or respect for the righllteousness tlihat exalteth a peopile, but because they coull no longer defy thle Illlited voice of my {rilends. I lihonor, the people of atly iy ch'ilidli iorfieT,,n1' lt1t bAtt fo ti legr.to I lad never i Gregiory's insteadl ,f St. GiroII's ilan Francbc lal; iikuitiesl ea the woal and I had a fpowcr at coluand that rwould lave let the daylighllt luto tile deepest and darkest cell of all the hideous pile. Tile agents miust liave thlought I heard my friends, or they would ni er have allowed nle to anlelld their termns.. They knew it would be ilmpoissible for theall to deny mlly presence or conceal ile, anlid sio they lmust lave thought it better to accept ilny twenty-onie years than Ilone at all. I understood it all, but iny Ihnd was there and I kept it llmost faithfully. fMy tendler and trite hecarted friendlls wishedl to take tne hoame but I distinctly declined, and its I did not wish ally one to knlow wicll way I was going I wous l nlot let thelal accomlpatiy ite. lMary imy galotl kind and trite hearted colmptanion ill ialy dlanigerous journey, wisllhedl me to spealk of my plans, but I could lnot be induced to reply. I lbad even to fconnand her to return, thilough lily heart bled to do it, we fell on eachl others necks and wept aloud, bIfore we parted. I went as if going towards the Sollth, till I tmet tile coach going to Aberdeen. Il it I got a scat ailnd arrived at Aberdeen about six in the evenillg. When we reachedl the upler end of Holborn street, where it enters ULnion street, I got down, ias I lad learnedal that the nIearest wily to Stratlldonl was tlp Skene street, folliow tihe Skele Road to Eclt, aid thelln on to Tarlatid, I had beel sitting all day and iotwithstanladiig the joltilg of tile coach I had slept a little by the way, though I always started tip with dread that somtieoone was takillg lty child away. When we halted to chiange horses, I wouhld noit trt trust hm to anly one to hold whllile I got down or whllen I got up. I wams even jealous if any of tIly fellow passengers tried to at tract tile attention of mly treasure, by clirriling to Iilnt; aid whent a gentlemaitn wiho sait opposite ie praiseal hint, and otlred to hold hlin while I braidled iy halir, whlich was still in disorder-I clasped liln closer to Ilay breast. I believe I Iallllt have looked terrified, for hle begged tily pardlo, and broulght tie am basin of wanrn soup at the first halting pilace. When I gaot down I went towatls the south, as if I meaIlt to go to Ituthrieston till the coach disappeared, theln I turned right rounld, anld wellt out the Skene Road, past Rubislaw. I lodged at a widow's cottage, from whom I lbegged a drink of water. She mimdClino m sitouln ,id would not let nm go out again. I was glad to accept her kindness, and I slept fairly, little Stanley lying on my arm. but.I always started whenever he moved. This morning I journeyed at dawn, and I amn sure I must have travelled fifty miles. A gentleman driving a carriage, overtook ime at a place called Lumplihannan, and lie was a real gentleman.2U He stopped the carriage, and assisted me into it. He was so kind, and the tears came into imy eyes and ran down my cheeks, wlhen I could not open nly mIouth to tell himn whence I had come. I could on ? ay I was bound for lie woldrtvia a e as far a S ratlldo ,for that was his hoine., I-found his iin a; was Sir ,iarss , Fores ofrNewe, anld I hope the Lord will bless lii for lhe os a kind friend to iek We halted at an hotel kept by a Mr Skene, and they were all very kind to ime, but I could h?ot rest, I lmust push on to reach you. I felt as if I were carrying a heavier burden than iny child, and I could not even give a word of it to'any one. I heard them each talk of where they had been,: vliat they had seen and done, while I was so silent that I thought they might suspect I had newly come fronimprisoi or some such thing. So I started again'and mcrossed"the long stretch of heather hills, and before I reacled Nio'e, I could feel that but for the great kindness of'~ir Charles Forbes, I could not have seen the Vale of-;Strathdon to-night. All the love in my heart could not keep Stanley fromn getting heavy. BIt hlie was so good' aild iwas shi'lajiap with himn. When I felt tired I would look at hint, and iny heart bounded so that I ran with renewed vigour. But when the party of reapers overtook inme, I was really exhausted. I feel sure I could not have reached your house to-night, if the kindhliearted girl had not carried Stanley all the way. And now brother you have lmy story, will youtuiirn me frod'our, iloorm' r'look doubttigly at; nie becaidie I have no liai miid, -mnd lai? na , and no wedlding ring ?". John had been sittiug, ??E l pped+, ýi iilet'dl] in the trilling iarrative thint'hie was 'nable on'uake rely. His emotion was too deep to allow Himn to speak for a few mlonments. At last lie said, " My poor, deer, dear sister, Imy heart bleeds for you and'your sad suffering ; but, tell me how did you lose your wedding-rmg ; it was not included n your vow, was it ?" . . 