PICKED STRAWS. Bt McFaddeic. Not long ago at a country gathering in the North a namber of young men attended with their sweethearts, and everything went on amoothly for a time. One of her Majesty's servants was in attendance in caso of aaj breach of the peace. This official seemed very sorrowful, for though in the midst of lively company he felt alone, lie had not a pretty, lively young lady to con verse with, and ha thought the next best tiling to do was to get a little elevated by taking a ** refresher.' Bat it would not do. He, however, espied a young man spooning with a pretty Sarah, and the officer thought he woald like to change places with him. He therefore accosted the lovers, and told the young man that be should not {rive such outward manifestations of love at a picnic, and threatened to handcuff him to a sapling unless he made a speedy retreat. The young man made tracks, and the gentleman in blue elected to take care of Sarah. They strolled about for a time, and his bliss was complete. The fates, however, were against him, for just then something startled his horse, which was fastened under a shady tree, and caused it to gat loose. He left the young lady in order to secure the animal, and on reluming found to his chagrin that she had fled and was again in the safe keeping of her real lover. The officer has been sick aver since, aad is scarcely fit for duty. It is generally admitted that the pro prietor of the Clare Hotel is the best whip in the colony. The saying, however, that a prophet is not without honor wve in his own country applies to men who are not prophets. Only the other day when it be come known that the crack whip was to drive a team of four in a drag, and knowing that the horses were young and had never worked together some of the shrewd towns men shrugged their shoulders and predicted a smash. Others backed the driver for any amount of new bats, and the result was that there was a large concourse of idlers in the vicinity of the Clare Hotel, where the horses were being attached to the vehi cle. Host Duiiieu took his seat on the box, and picked up the ribbons quite unconcerned. The animals were restless and seemed bent on mischief, but when the M friends' got aboard the fiery steeds were kept so well in band that they had not a ghost of a chance of fulfilling the prediction as to a smash, but were kept on macadam and impelled forward in a way that enabled boniface to retain his laurels. An enthusiast looking on exclaimed, ' Be gorra ( I belave DuRieu could drive the very divil, an' so I do.' A countryman saw, for the first time, a schoolgirl going through some of her gym nastic exercises for the Amusement of the little ones at home. After gazing at her with looks of interest and commiseration for a while, he asked a boy near by ' if that girl had fits.' ' No,' replied the lad con temptuously, ' that's gymnastics.' ' Oh ! 'tis, hey ?' said the verdant ; ' how long has she had 'em V 