UNDER A BAN. (From the London Wokld.) Lois Urquhart was weary. The fight. bad been a hardy one, though she had maintained her sta.od.with the bravery of a man coupled with the endurance of a woman. The fiercer the torrent that had risen against her, the higher had her courage soared, until at times she had wandered at her own powers of resis tance, and imagined that nothing could now beat her dow;n, nothing cause her to relinquish the footing she had managed to maintain for so many years. But the woman's heart still beat in her bosom, and although its pulsatiop had been forced into a smothered, uninter rupted calm by the cold censure of a mistaken world, to which she scorned , to render up the victory, it wps not impervious to the first touch .of human kindness which suddenly probed its. death; and the new-born, sense of weariness overcame her simultaneously with the only true-hearted -offer of help that had fatlen across her path through her long period of sorrow, though she had needed such help . sorely—mofe sorely than any one ever knew, or would know, on earth. By the dying fire j she sat, this same weary-hearted woman, watching it fade slowly away,, and scarcely! heeding the cold which reigned around her .in the barely furnished room. Her white face showed traces of intense 1 mental Buffering, stamping its unwonted beauty 'with the seal that is graven for the j chosen few to whom is granted the power of bearing the yoke of sorrow patiently, fill ing her eyes with the latent light of unshed tears—tears which had long ago been thrust aside, as being- far too great a luxury to in dulge in, until the seemed to have forgotten how to fall. One by one the scenes of her strange, eventful life rose from the grave into I which she had cast them, and stood before j her with all their bearings revealed. A life wrecked before its course had well begun; a heart crushed beneath an iron heel ere it had found out its own power of believing in anything beyond the fact that the world in which it beat was false and cruel to a degree of which she had never even dreamt in hap pier days. All this she scanned carelessly. There were deeper wounds yet to be probed, scars which had not Been the light for many a day to be exoosed ; and now in the quiet fire light solitude she drew the veil aside, and laid them bare to herself, with almost as much pain in the effort of recalling thein as she hadexperienced when they were first in flicted by the pitiless hands of her relentless fate. Two days ago what was she, this woman bo touching in her utter desolation ? What was her home ? And what her sur roundings? The answer is brief, but fraught' with unutterable misery and shame. Two days previously Lois Urquhart was a convicted felon, her home a gaol, her oom. panions suoh as herself, the world said. Such as herself! Then God help all who are undergoing a like punishment! ought to be the cry of our hearts; God help all those who are suffering for the faults of others if any such there be in our prisons this day. She had fought valiantly lor her liberty at first with all her might and main; but a bird' striving to free itself from the cage would have bad .more power than this weak girl possessed in its efforts to free itself; for a bird has a single-banded fight against its captors, whiUt she was bound hand aqd foot ip .her endeavors to regain liberty and good name. From the day she united herself to Robert Urquhart, in her almost childish years, to save herself from the fate of seeing her father's, death lie1 at her door, whilst Bhe could stretoh forth her hand to save him, she herself had lpd a living death, almost un bearable at times, even to her brtyvg spirit. Her only consolfttioji had heen gpaqted in $he hour when Bhg dosed , that father's weary eyes in peace, and smiled on him the last angel smile she gave any one on garth for years after, which led the old man to believe he left his' child behind him happy. Happy, .and Bobert Urquhart'a wife! Even her child's birth brought sorrow to her ; even his smiles could scarcely win back an answering one from her sad face. For in the child she seemed to see the fattier; anc( in her helpless love for him po^ld only pray —pray that sjie might ne.ypr liye to see liim grow up in the likeness o.f the man whom sl]e : called by thp saored name of husband. Birf j the time of her humiliation wag yet tp oonip. That Robert Urquhart wap falpp to the core, she knew | that tie was faithless and cruel, | she scarcely heeded | that be grew to hate her with the hatred of a man who knows : that a good pure woman is awake to liis evil courses plie felt certain ; but the extent i of the man's hatred had yet to berevjealed. I ;AndVM the bloW fell her whole nafare changed, ' '' '■ When the orime imputed only too truly to Robert Urquart had fie611 brought home to him, he hurled his parting shaft at the jroman whose-patient '-pridaiiad'galled him eo sorely, and on oath he implicated her in all his guilt. Not only was she to be known henceforth-:** the -wife of a forjger, a coiner, and a felon, "butt from the force of conflicting i circumetauces attending bis only top well j attested acpuaation, Bbe atood-befor.e the.^nly too credulous woirid as a forgerand a.felon herself. Thus, it was she changed so sadly. All hope, aU trust.was shaken; audslieput upon her fair young face the steel tnasjcof I proud indifference which it wore during the whole perifld of her detection. Of course she was recommended to mercy on account 01 her youth: but of course Mercy was en gaged on other affairs, and could not attend ' particularly to her.. So Urquhart was Bent beyond aeas, whilst his girl-wife was kept in Eoglaud^to wprkout her time as.best,she might. 0 weary time, that haunted all her after life with the, remembrance of its never changing monotony, . olf, duties that were done for punishment, with no. hope bf enpou •tageraent, rib chance of reward ! The child was taken from her, 'and,.in accordapce with his ^father's orders, sent riway, without a trace being left to enable the mother to re i gain possession of him when she4 should be released from bondage; apd this was,the hardest .trial of all for her to bear. At length the years passec! on,. tbp hideous : dream of herimprisorimpnt waq dreamt out, ahdonce more jLois Urquhart etood on free ground' With ppwer to think and actstill re maining in her. calm breast; aud it was on the very day of her ijelea^e that the ray of God's sunshine, kindness, had touched her heart, and brought back something, akin to her old nature to t&e; woman's tortured soul. To the female warders Lois Urquhart, or Np. 17, as she was called, had proved a quiet, though rather sulky, chaTge. To Jhe chap lain, good man,, she bad been a stoical, in different kind of penitent, and one difficult to reach ; but to one member of the prison staff she had been far more. One among them had studied her fair, calm face criti cally—a face that spoke volumes to all but the most casual observers, and concealed so much beneath its mechanical placidity; thus, by dint of careful watching, he dis covered the #orking of the restless burdened heart beneath the cold exterior. In return Lois felt that she had a friend in the person ol Ryland Sydney, the temporary doctor of the gaol; but such friendship she encouraged neither by worJ nor thought. But now, in the freedom of the quietude and freedom that surrounded her,-so new to the loug-EeLtercd prison-bird, the utter loneliness of her situa tion seemed so apparent, her lucial footing Beemed so insecure, that the weariness and hopelessness of it all came over her, and the weight of trouble was harder to endure th^n ^Stirring the embers into a blaze, she took from her bosom a letter, and, holding it to wards the firelight, read it over slowly and carefully, as she had already done many times before on that, the Becond day of her release from captivity. It .told her that the writer, Rvland Sydney, loved her ; not in so many words, perhaps, for they were few and guarded J but she guessed ita purport only too well, with the instinct that lies in a ( woman's heart, which vibrates whenevei^the | love-chord is touched, and is never deceived by love's semblance, be the music bo closely imitated. He knew (ao he wrote) most of her pitiful story, and believed in her inno cence as freely as God himself, who knew it, ; and would doubtless prove it in His own good time. He only asked to see her, th^t he might tell her how willing and anxious he was to serve her in her time of. need. And thus, reading his honest letter to the end, it became clear to her how little, how very little, Ryland Sydney really knew of her life story, for by its whole tenor she gleaned he thought her free. Free J Ah, God 1 Bound, bound hand, foot, and soul, by the same chain that had drawn her down to the depths where this man had found her, and held out his hand to raise her from the gulf in which she was immerse^. She did not scan her own heart too closely.; she durst not question whether she loved in return. She could only wait his cbming, knowing that she must meet him bravelj;, and tell him the truth without flinching. Only another pain to her weary heart, only another step in her lonely road towards the right. A neighboring clock chimed the hour of Beven, and as the last stoke died away Ily land Sydney entered the room, and she rosp to greet bim. " Lois," he said quietly, holding her hand for a moment within his own. " Lois, am J welcome!" „ "Welcome as the first friend 1 have received under my roof for years past can be," she answered, with a certain dignity of wbicji she was totally unconscious, "and doubly welcome," she continued bitterly, '* as the only man in the world, save one, who believes. in my innocence." He looked earnestly at her sad, white faoe in silence, and dropped the band he held. *' Who ia that one other, Lois ?" he asked, dreading the answer he might hear. And it came. " The man who alone knows it, she re plied, with trembling lips—"my husband.V '• Lois the cry came from the man's very soul, 08 he looked at the woman before him, and saw his fate so plainly written in the sweet, truthful face. " Friend," she said, bowing her head, and turning from the mute sorrow that looked at her from his eyes, •' you thought you knew my story. You heard it from other lips, and believed in me; now hear it from mine, and, hearing it, pray for me." ' And then Lois Orquhart told her tale to the man before her, knowing that, as her recital prooeeded, she cast from his path all the sunshine with which she had hitherto in vested it, and brought the wave of' trouble which had grown natural to her into another life than her own. At length the task was over; the e:ory had run its course. She ceased; but for a time her listener kept silence. Suddenly, with an effort, he ronaed himself, and. said quietly, *' Lois, where is your boy 'j" A spaem of pain passed over the mother's face. 1'hjs whs at* open wound that would not heal, and which quivered at the gentlest answer, the saddest answer tbat could fall from a mother's lips. " 3od help me, my friend, I do not know I" He laid his hand on the bowed bead, whpre the silver lines were 60; tnariy, and then said earnestly. " Courage, ^ois, courage 1 You have been I through dark waters, and have reached the | land; do not give up the fight yet—.work for the guerdon yet in stare. Wait and watch for the time when your child shall be restored to you j for," he added, between his set tectb, " that time at leaBt shall surely come," She shook her head sadly; but he went, on, speaking in a changed tone. "Lois," he said quietly but flrmly, I came here today with the hope, with the firmhope, of sharing yoi^r future, and making happy as my poor love, and servioe could do.' That may not be; hut bqv mis sion did not end here, I came with the in tention of serving you, and with that inten tion uq«haken I shall take my leave of you. Only give me your solemn word that you will not seek to evade me ; but that, where ever you may go, you will let me. have knowledge of your movements, and thftt ta any time of trouble you will let me ai^you, j Will you promise ?" I ' She gave hini her fiand in, answer. I " Now," l}e said, sitting down opposite-j her,, and-shading his face with his hand I " now tell, me tpore about your eon." 1 All Loiskoew ghe poured forth to him • all the tender reminiscences of his baby.' hood, which meant eo lnuoh*to her, and con. reyed bo HUie toJwp. jjhe let flow from the inmost depths of her heart, where she hid so long hidden them even from herself, waking. the woman's soul within her face until it threw off its mask of coldness, and was revealed to i ber, listener in a new and more holy light. Very few hints that might lead to the boy's disoovery could he elicit; but all that were likely to be of use fiyland Sydney noted down with care. Once the rose, and, taking from a. case a soft golden curl wrapped in paper, held it toward her gueBt, : "" That was his hair," she said softly, and almost happily. " It is pretty, is it not?" He took it from her hands with a strange tender reverence, and, kneeling down by the fire-side, said— "Giveme'more light, that I may see the color distinctly, Loia; this may perchance he < useful to me." She turned and bnsied herself at his re. queBt, and presently he gave her back the little packet in its tissue covering, without a word. " You will remember your promise," he said, rising from his seat, " and pray for th« success of my search. It may be some tit K hefore we meet Bgain; I cannot tell. Mean while live for the future that may be dawn, ing in the distance. Live with the hope of better things to come-; but know that in your sufferings and trialB you«re henceforth no longer alone. While I live your sorrows are mine, your joys mine,also, I say this to you with all reverence, knowing that yon are as far removed from me as ate the angels in heaven ; but still holding out to you with all faith the hand of fellowship which hat hitherto been withheld from you, and without which it would be bard for you to weather the sea of life, whose waves beat so roughly on your shore. You understand me, Loia!" Ay, she understood him as only a woman can understand the better part of man's nature, and she thanked him from the very depths of her tired heart. Then he left her, and the dark room seemed the darker for his absence. 60 many thoughts had been roused in her bosom that night, that Lois could not lay the phantoms to rest, and the yearnings for a different life came over her with overwhelming force. The old sorrow had been so torn from its slumbers that she could not banish it. She took the little paper containing her child's hair from its resting-place once more, and re-opened it with loving hands. The outer covering bad been .changed, and in its place was a bank-note for fifty pounds. On the paper itself was.written hastily in pencil, " What I dare not in my own name, 1 do in the name of your child." Then it was that the tears came in wild uncontrollable floods, until the woman who had not wept for yean felt that the heaven-sent relief must have come just in time to save her heart from breaking under its heavy burden of long pent up tears. In the light of a certain summer sunset the long-delayed dawn broke on Lois Urquhart's cloudy horizon,, The year had passed slowly on, bringing little change in the monotony of her daily routine. She had with difficulty obtained some slight employ ment, for which the remuneration she re ceived was scanty, as barely to suffice for her moderate requirements; but still she strag gled on, leading ber quiet .existence uninter rupted and unnoticed by, the busy world without her walls. No word had ever reached her from Ryland Sydney, and yet she knew full well she was not forgotten ; she trusted him too implicitlyjlor that,thoughthe weeks passed on and he made no sign. It was a weary, sort of time for her, ibis period of waiting; living, and yet living in such utter solitude, that it seemed almost like the " valley of the shadow" through which she was passing. But even for her the light waa breaking in the distance. One evening, when the hush of the great city stole over her heart with a soothing calm, she was standing at tJw.o.pen window, watching the patch of sunset fading behind , the opposite houses, and wondering vaguely whether the people who lived in them ever even imagined a fate such as hers. Suddenly her.cb&~n of thought was. interrupted by the unusual sound of footsteps ascending the flight of stairs which led immediately to ber rooms — strange footsteps, which she in stinctly felt must herald some break in the continuous flow of her life's tide stream. And she was right. Turning her head swiftly, she found herself in the presence of Ryland Sydney, and saw by his face he brought tidings of some Bort—what, she had no time to think. " Lois," he said, taking, her by the hand and leading her to a chair by the open, window, " I bring you strange, strange news. Lois, you are frit I" She looked up at him with a startled ex pression in her eyes, not in the least com prehending his meaning. He took out a paper and placed it in her trembling hand. " Read it, she saidjhoarsely, giving it back to him ; "I cannot." Then kneeling down by ,her. Bide he told her gently, gravely, as a woman would have done, how Robert Urquhart had died from wounds received in a {utile attempt to escape from his prison, and how he had at the last, the very last, cleared her name from the black cloud in which he had onfce enveloped it, and how her entire innocence was now set forth before the eyes of the world which had once so harshly judged her guilty." "God knows, I never even dreamt of this !" she said half audibly. And then she let him draw her weary head down on to his breast, and felt that part of her welfare was over, part of the battle fought put; and he, in the thankfulness of his heart, knew that she was his at last for life. ^ They were married quietly, very quietly, these strange lovers, in a dusky City church . one bright autumn morning ; but the few , stragglers who watched the quiet gentle -faoed woman standing at the altar wondered why she should look so strangely sad, as though haunted by tbe ghost of some great sorrow that could never be entirely dispelled from her memory. Ryland Sydney noticed this expression on her patient face, but made no sign. He took her. straight to the home he had prepared for her reception with such loving care, and led her towards it silently. " Lois," he said, as they stood.together on the threshold of tbeir future home, her first sweet haven of rest,. " Lois, I have reserved my wedding gift to you. until to-day. Come .now and receive it." She gave him a quiet, grave smi|e and fol lowed him silently, in. a small room, where .the flood of golden sunshine blinded her, and veiled the occupants from her sight. Her husband.took her band and led her to where a lad with sunny auburn hair was bending over a book. wLois, my wife," he said softly, "this is my son." There , was silence in the room, for the space of a few momenta, and then it was broken by a wonderous song, the Magii ficit of a mother's heart j for Lois Sydney knew that the prayer of her life had been an swered ; that her ; child, once dead to her, was ,ali ve again; ber son, once lost, was found. Rural scenery. — Gent from city — " Bnt where the deuce is the scenery? What in thunder is there to look at?" Farmer (indig nantly)—" Wliy, the new barn. What more do you want for £5 a week} It's a perfect eauty." 1 