HANLAN'S LATEST VICTOET. In connection with Hanlan't victory over Kennedy at Point of Pines, Revere Beach, Boston, Mask;,' on Mav 30, and which was duly notified by cable in onr Saturday's isBue, the London ''Seferee' of March 2Aaavs:— lianiah is an undoubted celebrity, but tue same can hardly be said of Kennedy, whose rowing— that is, his championship row ing — has hitherto been done in the columns ot ' his own press — i. e., in tne eolums of tbe newspaper which has been engaged to do the necessary bonneting and bearing up for him. The race was arranged to take place s.t high water, a p.m., id ay W, 1888, Decoration Day.' This being a great holiday in -Mi* States, it is expected that many thousands of anxious slghtsaers will be present, ereryoue of whom will have to pay some pecu niary tribute or other to Che greatness of the occasion. I ain informed on what professes to be authority, and wnlch certainly should be well in the know, thsi fti-j flue terms have t-saa made by both Hsnloa sud Seanedy ; the rail«raT and steamboat companies, the hotel and lodging-house keepers, the proprietors of padding-kens, the pool sellers, bell owners, and all others who ma.y fairly — or unfairly — expect to make profit out bj. tbe race being'nelS where it is to be held, having subscribed munificently. Except that it is better to get the_ major rather than the minor share of a cutting up stakes, there really seems to be no particular reasou why cither man should much care for the result of tbe Deciding contest. Hanlon would lose a good bit of his reputation if he were defeated By Kennedy, but the loss of aproiessional scuUvr's reputation.no matter how glorious and how splendid snch reputation may seem in the hour of victory, should not grieve himorarmuch. the champion has found more ib»» ones tEat, directly the gloss of snecess Las worn off, he has had to submit to all sorts of unpleaMntnesi * * * On public form Kennedy has not the ghost of a chapes ef beating Honlan. Notwithstanding this, . all aorts of attempts ara being mode— especially in such paptirs as some time back, for reasons bast known to themselves, began to glorify Kennedy — to shew that even if le has not such a very good chance of defeating Hnciwn £e ha& not such .a very bad one. Kenned? mky turn out to be a veritable wonder; if so, it is very abrptising that ha has not taken an earlier opportunity of eihibitint Lis wonderfutaest. -If lui really is , gooi- enough to beat. HniilRSi, h» mijrlit have made half-ft-doien matches with inferior men first, and beaten them one by one. . lts*eni« straoge he should waut to tlirow airay the iminehs^ amount 6f money »haV could thu« have been mode Dy him— andXeanedy hip ui till now sever shown auydisTAgard for this world's gbodi or any dosiieto torn hie back. upon nioner. Til* jnost wbbder fal part OjE the nihu'e history is that, *J*h0hgh 'hi, -maine is T»rr well known, and he lias h^eii tha subject of on im mense amount of newspaper paimgraphihg, he h»S naxtto no public record. He rowed in a regiM* once, and thinks he might hare von it it some of the otlisri bsa had fit* and fallen orerboord, iLuO.he himself bad bc'ea able to row a good bit faster. Speaking for myself and for invself only, l think there is no more reason tor auppoiinjr tha race between Kennedy and Uanlan is to -? a race, according to our notions of racing, than it would be one if the com petitors were still Hanlan of the one part and Bubear, our newest candidate for high class honours as we know them now, o£ the other. . Bubc*r's public performances are no eud better than the public verfonnanoes -of Kennedy ; yet, if Bubaor . were , going to row tlanlan a race either right away or touch and turn upon any fair day aiid fair, course, 1 don't think there are many people who ?wtrald expect to see Hanlan beaten. For all tiiarl don't doubt tbnt Bubear would have a cut in, if tbe railway companies and the steamboat com nanies and the publicans and the sinners nnd the bookmakers and the whelk- eeUera, and all wlio expected to make profit out of the itfTait, ffuorduteed him A good deal mtire than the' mere return of hiaowu mousy. 