"Are yaes Il. O)lve?" he aid, as Ieo plac i in mnygrae stcarrtetsaf rare !owers he lit purciueeln far oun. i How hoe your hlas?sire i Hat weryptle!" And ihe stoopd as ifo nids me. - SNo, I asm tr ll," I replied, petuiantly, as I pushed himr aside r for were not Philip's lips the lust to toeah tuieo 9l ? No, I am not ill," Theti, ha I noltided his frighbtned look, I coimmantded myself s?roewhalt, lnnd cohtlllued, " Forgive me. Y'es, Iam nerrvotis very) nerrvois." 'V Watl.s lticti itth ialter; Olive ?" ' " i, ha Woiinla's troables-sa-letbing you. veuild ?ll t lnderstand BuItt,"--and i tlanlleed at riy twatch (his gift iiO) "- but thow e ale It lI Iliar still tH o l[ s for rady Vn-' daileur's party. Are you gointb ,1 " I catiiot,'tucht as I regret it ;tat? you sitritly Will tir t thinc of goiig in r.the state you.es are ii7 ,, Ietlter go to bed, and, let me "cad fcr :lhSdoctor.! . .?t, , ' It isi obthing-will soont pass off. You kinow ow d aoe 'exiclteineit cured' ire. Please : take yeaour dinner itilhiout nme for once."" ShalI I seindl you up anythilrng ?" " A cop of cleo e. cannot eat.":. ?. ,; "f As you please, my love. Ietty, shall bring you ulp what you wish." But ':promies it' to return homo early if you do uot feel well" ".If I do not fet well, I wil " " Shall I not come for you ?" "' l'y io hittans:'I sfill tell James what timlte to bring tli' carriig'. Thtitwill be all that is necesnary ..Good night '?' 1' Good night." lie I urned slowly and loft the room, aud I never saw his face again. , r. An'houlr later, I stood. before my mlrror, radiant in arose.coloured satiti heavily trlttitird with lade, witli: my arms anmd neck bare, save whre', pearls stied. their milky, lustre, or diamouds flashed like broken rain bows. r' Sure," said Iletty, as slho ptit the luilsh irlg touehes to l y tollet;~-" ure it's ir lied ye ought to be this blessed muinit. You are whiter than a' ghost, and yotur eyes look as thouglh they were on iro I"' ' : " Don't' prattle, Iletty : I sam only nervous. A little touch of rough will reomedy thle aleness.: Tell Kato to bring baby to me. I would see it for-for" (I had almost said, "the lass time") " before I go I" The nurse came with it, sleeping in her arms, the very picture of rosy health and iu. ollnco ee; and I took It anrd clasped it to lily breast. It has often been sild tlhat the kiss of a mothler will never awaken her slumber ing chlid. Mine must have been unnatural -unholy I Even as mily lips touced its rose. bud mouth, it started up, screanmed, and Kate earried it mtlornillng away. If any hus. blandt'sstep had made me iron, that melted my natura softer than wsax. Mily abild, my darling child, shrlinking from my caresses I The thought was horrible, and I thanked God that there was no light Iii theiwindow. Not long ow, horver,- htd I for: reflenlan. The carriago was announced,. I gathered fail, gloves, and bouquet, and swept down tile broad slaircase, never toascend them agilo. Iletty was .'ith ll me, c, I1iaused to give hera sonmo directloins even as mny foot Weas upon tle steps. " reat heaven " 'I 'exclainiedr,1r who placed that light in niy dressing:roomni wie doew l _:" ; ... , It was burning there- shlinng abroad in the., dariness, to my' eyes, like a liluiedia s-its.:; s .. , ."` .;u.. ...,' . It ?nuast au b eai lrthe mlster,'! answered Ilatty, " son that you coult serie,", .,. ''yr.httsbraid placed tihe signal in tIe 0 wins dow fair, my ~lor to ceonro ar?n : rrym. io away front him I Illhs own lilndls made the pirmuise that' was to bind tin ti dishitaiotr hlini nail inike his child worolnthan filothlr. less-irtindrits intiocent brow sith shrputioe ourse it to the lday of its dentlh I Thle thlouglht was too horliblo for belletf ; and' had I'beean possoseod of .strength, I should'l hi sntag. gered" balck Into the house; crdmaied to my Irusbnnd's feet, and confessed all: !. I' Mrs, Colton, permit me.': It was PhtlltI Priostly'a voitet litat soundid in my'c ars-lths strongnarrn that lifted mto hnto tlio curriago arid closed the door after moe, On. the very turning: ploint oe jiad grappled s?ltli fate, and; compelled it to Ills wilshes. But wisely, perlhaps, lie took not ia place by tlry side-wisely allowed me to ride alonm; and lot the emad waters of my soul be, ctm e still, '' , -Amld ho ristling of silks and tatins, the tr"an of 'eonversatlon, ald the enmoting of ,iusca, I entered the brilliantly llluminated saloons ofat Idy Vandaletur ; rnd a murllmur of adniratilon greeted rte front every side. I looked for Philip Iriestly, but li vain. lieHad he at the last hour deserted mtie ? I dared not pause to think. I grow reckless, alid threw myself wildly amid tihe dancers. Never llad wit and sparkling repl'rter flowed so glibly fromt my tongue. I was astotaished at myself. My llcoheeks were lko daimask roses;, brilliant light flashed from my eyes, my boson beat, tumultuously against thei sillken covering and milsty lane. To those around, I must have appeared almost trans. ilgured. Suddenly, Ihowever, I felt--for I dlid not dnre to look around--tlhat lillllp Priestly was near, slid watchlirg ire, 'Illat subtle knowledge--I know nlot what to rall it or how It canle, savi lhat thIe poles of two suols wuto chariled with atlratlu n r-thrilled Ihrorugh tie like IanII electric shot. Mly tongue was sloenced--nty colollr fisled--mry eyes drooped, I shnultl Iave, frintedr had not pretty Ladly Vartlnlour l plearetd att tihe tionllrt, anid seatterid tihe group srrund (T'O IHa UONT'INUL I,.) 'ihere Is Irs limlitalltin to good. It itein tratines Ill slpheres? tnd llervledres all dultiuh. Ints, II toIwer IIInd its IIpriiellles irU sIrirply dlflrlve. it Is iprrlterntiv aid IIi rnshve, willrh rnce ifor its irlis!(ii rild Ili lheg ti its wings., Nott lnlly is SIreillllruipo II Itshlie tlllal n tf r?alde in Itlu tillled RlShe , but i t lhasl it htralllet, IIul Cte joys tii blhb itt rli.tn II h t ?i siltI'I , rlln ! cri el e , r Ch i)r , ('ralrr aitd IlIIUhuretOII 'rllclrt.e hle th e r 'tIriepl o, good it hsr lsle el lltoUdilltUt Vei'ryirItIteU 