Paitana and Manukolo. A NEW GUINEA SKETCH. BYKEY, J.CIALilKRS. It is often said, why not leave the savages alone in their virgin glory, they are truly happy ? How little those who speak and write so know what savage life is. A savage seldom sleeps well at night—he fears ghosts and hobgoblins. These midnight wanderers cause him much alarm, as they are heard in falling leaves, lizards chirping, or disturbed birds singing. But besides these there are embodied spirits that he has good cause to fear, and especially fear them at that uncanny hour, between the morning star and glimmering light of the approaching lord of day, the hour of yawning and arm stretching when the awakening pipe is lighted, and the •first smoke of the day is enjoyed. The following will go to show what I mean. Paitana is a village up one of the creeks from Hall Sound near Yule Island, surrounded by mangrove swamp, but in the village cocoa nut, betel nut, and breadfruit grow luxuriantly. The natives hare always been looked upon as a treacherous crowd, but on visiting them last June it was hoped they would become more friendly. On my return to Yule I found that on my visit some had arranged to have my head, and I can remember many things that looked very suspicious. Some years ago two foreigners were killed in Hall Sound by the Paitana natives—they have also killed people from Delena, Maina, and other villages ; but the climax was last September, when they killed a man from Lese who was visiting them as a friend. When the news reached Lese of the murder they determined on revenge, but would wait until planting season was over, and then. For long the Paitana natives lived away in. towards the hills, but thinking Lese had, in the meantime, given up all idea of "payment," they returned to the village. During all that time the Lese natives were preparing revarevas (war canoes), and .keeping very quiet as to the time of their attack, but it came at last, a terrible payment indeed. Paitana, on her fancied security so far up a creek in through very •long grass, and, surrounded by a thick mangrove bush, •little dreamt of what the morning would yield. All the revarevas were got ready, and men and women shipped. When visiting Motumotu last year we slept one night between Lese and the former, very tired, being over a week in the boats, we soon were fast asleep. About two a.m. I was awakened by shouting, and on looking •over the gunwale saw, to my astonishment, a fully equipped revareva, forty men in each canoe with paddles, and a number of men standing in centre .platform with bows and arrowB. After hearing who we were, we were soon friends, exchanging presents. The revareva is composed of two very long canoes, lashed by long poles, with a platform between. Twenty-four were got ready and started; pulling all night they arrived on south-west side of Yule before daybreak, and there they remained until the following night. After sunset, when quite dark, they pulled for the creek, where they met a canoe wiili a man and two women belonging to Solo. They made the man prisoner, saying they did not mean to kill hiui, but that to save his own life and tliat of the women he must become their guide to Paitana. To that he consented, and they allowed the women to depart. He led them up the stinking creek through the swamps, long grass, bush, ;and close to the village, when they allowed him to Teturn. Tlicy then surrounded the village, sending a •strong party into the main street. All sat down quietly and waited a little moro light. The morning star was up, and soon there would be light for their dreadful work. A native wakes, lights his baubau (mm), Iw i • mm and a dnrtr4>,l«*4» |*tt)iW in tbr he calU ©trt," Who are TOti V "We are firi— a« mm to par for our frwwo* murdered. Loan haw v* waited to met vou paid far roar murdrfinf {rropmnlir*. but all ww afrwd. you itare tried on u», and now »«• »l«all «**.** In «*brr ttou*-* tfie aroused native* arr in a atate of eonfsiion, alrradr the arrow* flr in and mem and women and ehildrrn ar« wounded in iWr tamac*. Many fleeing arr raught and elubbrd. or with a «ti<* U**r brain* beat out. Mam mnain in their hoping Ihrr mar be oanilted in tl«- pwnl ramac*. Tb«- bouan arr ntttwd md owyllunf valuabW i« carried a war, and then tlx- whole i# in a Mace, when (he dead, <he dying from wound*, and Uie living arc all burnt in Uie oiie grcal fii*; mm, women, »tid children all «uffer; mrrry «v »bown to none. 1 a^ked a native who got through the environment how imny worr killed, be raid, " it U itiijx»»*iMe to lell I be number of the dead, onlr U-n wlm rl<*pt in the vOlagr thai niglit e««j>ed." Flufhed wiili rirtor. and weighed with loot, th. v returned to their rvvarevne, nulii>d down the wl", along the eoafl, with horn* blowing, and men and women dancing and finping on the platform* of the revareva^. Merev a savage d<ies not know, but Mill can appreciate it when shown, us seen lately al Kalo. \Vlien at Maina where the escaped are living, a child of fii ycjirs old was brought me as a Paitana chilil. In tlie first, scrimmage ho got through the surrounding armv unnoticed and away into the bush, where he remained until lie heard th'e Leseans departing, and then returned to the village to look for his mother, brothers, and sisters,—of all be found the dead charred bodies. A man told me little children were caught by the feet and dashed against the coeoanut trees. On their return home to Lese they have had feasting and dancing ever since, and glory much in their great bravery, and recount again and again the scenes of murder, of rapine, and robbery. Lese will take a teacher and will treat him well; they are very good friends of mine, and promise now to remain quiet. Savage life is not the joyous hilarity that ninny writers would have us to believe, it is not all the happy laughter, the feast, and the dance, there are often seasons when communities are scattered, hiding in large trees, in caves, under rocks, in otlicr villages far away from their own. Not long ago, inland from here, a large hunting party camping in a cave were smoked out by their enemies, and all killed but one. When travelling inland we found the Makapili tribe in terrible weather living in the bush under shelving rocks, among the long grass, and in hollow trees. Here at Port Moresby they say it is only now they can all sleep ni peace, and that as they can trust the peace of God's word they mean to keep to it. Being themselves pirates, robbers, and murderers, they might well fear others. For many years will the Lese attack oil Paitana be spoken about, and contrasted with the punishment of Kalo. A few weeks ago the large district of Taroa came over the lulls in strong battle array, and in the early morning ascended the Manukolo hills, surrounded the villages, killed men, women, and children, old and young, the poor old grey headed sire, and the infant in arms. About forty got away, and they are now at Kaile, but will have to leave as Taroa threatens to burn Kaile if they longer harbor these fugitives. They have pleaded for peace, but of no vise. Tavoa says every soul must die. The quarrel began about a pig. 