Clint's Safest. In the window of Mr. Nicholson's music saloon, in George-street, is displayed to admiring groups of citizens an exquisite pan-aad-ink cartoon, delineating in a satirico-comical vein certain recent notable events which have disturbed, the accustomed serenity of the social, political, legal, and literary spheres of 'Bunny New South Wales.' The artist is Mr. Alfred Clint. In this work Mr. Clint has, indeed, surpassed all hie former effort's, and hit off with great fidelity, and iu a skilful aud most happy style, the frailties and the foibles aud the merits and the virtues of some of our most emi nent public men. Appropriately enough — &ud.; cer tain folks will say, as -a matter of course — the post of honour in the cartoon is occupied by the great 'I was.' A life-like bust of Sir Henry P-arkes forms the centrepiece in the foreground. In fact, it is as clear as ouriareBent tropical noonday sun that our lamented ex^premier is the ' bright particular star ' round whom are gathered for the time being the lesser luminaries of the whole world. And who are these lesser luminaries? Sir- Henry wOl feel highly flattered when he looks upon the picture, »'j beholds, wrapt in admiration of his ' counterfeit presentment,' such distinguished personages as our (but perhaps not Bang Henry's) most Gracious Majesty the Queen ; H.B.H. the Prince ef Wales ; the leading sovereigns of Europe ; Glad stone, Bismarck, Tennyson, and Darwin, with divines, rjipi^rrmfo, |lnp-iaW.flr-iJ and litterateurs, of the .first water,' heeled up ' by Garden Honey and — Mr. John Davies, C.M.O. Oar irrepressible trams naturally get a little corner to themselves : and. jusf as natu rally, our oraok cricketer (Murdoch) may be sees in Another nook, shakxag hands with the Ron. Ivo Bligh. And (also of oourse) that dreaded Kiama Ghost is represented in the background, weirdly beokoning to the egotistical member for Tlentarfield. One of tho, most telling bits in the picture ia the soono when many of tho leading lights of the Fourth Estate in Sydney are claverly sketched ^purging from old Gaxtera bistorio head quarters. Borne sly fun ia infuBod into tho scone where Mr. DaHey is drawn, asserting before the Chief Justice ffchatihe Press his *' some ' privilogea, sad where his Honor, In the three distinot characters of judge, jtuy, and jailer, is defining those privileges. The JjanuDill, tfip Eandwiok Asylum scandals, the North Chore FanoyEaSr and the daughters of Moab, 4:1^» TjiMTning 'Atotj and the Milburn Creek and DsxUnjf ^Saroon^transactions are, each and' all, totLQ&Bd; np' in a drily humorous manner; and such notorieties ?» Sir 3bhn Eobertson, Dr. Badham, Messrs. 8ta*rt, G. 3SL Seid (with- the inovitablo «ye fil&saV; Garret*. Dan O'Connor, Tom Slattery, The. IPMnone. John glaums, George Pile, Ninian Mel sato, Bowby, uid Eukiol Baiter, may i» recognised fauBtttt ^JtoMMjcrod rttmidiMi and fantantio costumes. 3^ iM-isVound OB vary hartnoBionsly with ». Qndwl fMflk, to ySSA &e; Ute Henri Ketten, agnorQlooapfe J.Eloe, nid'©^' Hodge, m ^?VMwnr powfeatfed. ?wttrahippiag with the deep* i^iwoam«VIw»«l»^^SEut«pe. Altogether.' H19 mtem iHll b« greatly prized by^oolonista oft 4»r«fwdc*aad «Utfon »»»Talu»blel9ilx century Mm^m^mSkmk^oxiM of Seir Soutaj fW**,^1.,... '*: '' '-?'??'? * 