. ipTHE TRAVELLER. / OH THE PACIFIC. \- ' Bt Moncdre D. Conwat. Innumerable people havo related tlielr ex- pericnecs of tho voyage from San Francisco ; many havo printed them, and can there bo room for Ono more? As I have a story to tell, I will plant myself on high philosophy, and maintain that tho same voyage was never token twice, and that each who should report it truly would bring tidings of a world as new as that discovered by Columbus, but suspected of being tho older world after all. It was the new eye .that made the new world, aud can make the new Pacific ; and every, cyo is new. We Btarted out from tho Golden Gate in the steamship Australia, aud voyaged tlio Pacific for 27 days without sighting a sail; and I feel sure that Wo were tlio first lliat ever buiEt Into that silent sou. There is a pleasant American tale iu which a lad who ran away to sea returned from various hardships quite sick of it all ; lie was now a youth, and when I10 reached homo and crept up to liis old room his first act was to take down Robinson Crnsoe from his shelf and burn it lo ashes. That was tlio book whoso "lies" liad beguiled bim from home, and oven inspired secret hopes of shipwreck. In the samo way I now find myBclf mentally picking out a number of narratives about the Pacific which I mean to burn when I reach homo again. They told mc that the coasts and islands are filled with happy anil interest ing natives ; but if ever it was so, it is true no more. What we chiefly saw in that line wero white traders, missionaries,, churches, public- houses, and some sadly "saved" natives. This may have been duo to tlie fact that on tlic only island where wc stopped before reach ing Auckland we were wrecked. I observed that our excellent Captain Bannermau, on liis arrival at Sydney, did not report that' we wore wrecked at Honolulu, but it is true nevertheless ; we all found ourselves cast upon a Sabbatarian Za liara, where wo liad to wander about all day in joyless Btreets, or visit clinrebes in which wo met tho familiar long face of tho civilised man who lias been waylaid by tlio Sabbath. The Sandwich Islands were occupied by mis sionarics from America about CO years ago. In payment for promissory notes redeemable in another world, tliey became possessed of somo of the fairest lands of tbis world ; tbey became the landed aristocracy of the islands ; and, although tliey came from a country where . church and state are severely sundered, they straightway passed laws making it ponal for Die Hawaiians to worship their deity or even to ride' a horse on Sunday, The Hawaiian Sabbath is the hardest I have ever encountered, though I know what it is to he imprisoned in a small Scottish town on the first day of tho week. The lieat was fearful, yet ' not oven a cup of cold water could be ' got, because the sale of ice is prohibited on that day. I recognised a certain irony in this outcome of tho discovery of Cap- tain Cook, whose monument has lately been erected on the spot wbero he fell iu a neigh boring island. I believe no book gives an ex planation of tho death of the captain, hut I have read a statement made 70 years ago by ouq Obookiah, a "converted" Hawaiian, of tlio islanders' tradition, which no doubt is true. There had been a quarrel between the English sailors and the natives, about a boat -which bad drifted out to sea, but which tho sailors said was stolen. The natives refused to give the sailors firewood, and tho latter seized an old wooden god, and cut him tip for their fire. This led to a riot, in which Cook, as _ he came oat to learn about the trouble, was killed, I could not help feeling that the na tives hod now got hack their .wooden doity again, for a more grim and hard-featured idol than that which mot us at every turn in tho Hawaiian Sabbath could hardly bo blocked ont by the terrors of barbarian superstition. A pleosanter scene greeted no as wo passed by the island Ttttuila, where somo Samoans came out in their canoes. Each canoe skimmed tho waves as if soa-born, liko somo large nautilus, and tlio fine looking natives were ar tistically. tattooed from hip to knee so as to seem dressod. But tho steeple of a Catholic church was visiblo on tho island, and It was a sorry thing to learn that tho poor Sainoans are kept in chronic civil war by having been drawn into the immemorial discords of Catho lic and Protestant. Every timo an official is to bo elected tliero is an Orangc-Fonian fight, When Columbus first sot foot nn tlio shores of tile new world, tho natives there had never seen a weapon. Thoy examined tlio white men's swords so incautiously as to cut their hands ; but where now is there any point of land in - tlio planet where the blaok arts of so-called civilisation lave not been cnlti rated ? Near Auckland I visited ft beautiful bill called Eden, On a granite block at the top was tbo placard of a Salvation Army moeting, and around it were growing thick tho thistles whoso parent is said to have been imported by a pious and patriotic Scotchman. I have now got through my grumble. Let tlie thousands of things that may ho truly said on the otlior side bo " taken an read." - One jvho voyages tho Pacific would not like a gene ral relapse from such civilisation as wo have. It would not be pleasant to havo onr good ship Australia, wliioh it took ten thousand years to build/ sink back from century to con- tnry until it icamo yonSamoau oanoe j?ad- dled by its naked fisherman. So we will now . look at the bright side. If wo, who for a mouth have become floating Pacific Jslandcre, aro sometimes chilled under tho shadows of civilisation, wo aro oftenor clioered by its sun shine. Though wo may prefer somo peculiar institutions of onr country when their foot' is on-their native heath, thoro aro things of un usual benefit which bring to onr eyes, wherever wo move, tho light that never was qd land or sea. It is tho light tho eye brings with it from tbo fountains of science and pootry. Wo look upon tbis ocean and its islands With eyes gained from Bim who hero sailed on tho " Bcaglo" fifty years ago, and can seo tho coral arclutCct at Ills work of rcons, and .con tinents rising and falling liko. tho waves which now lor a timo cover nil but their mountain heights, Tlie poets havo preceded us, and thrown an enchantment of beauty an'd intelligence around every object. Hero is a new thought-created world, wherein is no senseless object, - in which the demon and gliost of Caliban's mythology has turned into tho embodied idoals of Prospero. Coloridgo has wnved his poetic wand over that albatross, and it holds us with its glittering eyo whilo it tolls us the " Rime of tlio Ancient Mariner," as it was never told before. Or when our ship runs down the ever-recovering fleet of "Portu guese Men of-War," on each tiny sail of tlie chambered shell, that leaves its old dwclliug for the new, is written the sweet hymn it inspired in Oliver Wendell Holmes — j Build tlico more stately mansions, 0 my soul, As tlio sivict seasons roll, ; Let each new du-clliiig uoiflcr than the last I Siiut tlieo from hcavim '.nth a dome moro Vast, | Till thou at length art'frco. i Leaving thino outworn shell oiilllu'sunsountlcd sea, When the islanders come out in tlieir boats, I And myself scanning their faces through a lorgnette — for whom ? For Robert Brown ing's " Waring," tbo poet who disappeared from inapprcciativo London to bo an avatar in some far region. For the momont I will forgot that what the poet really did was to make a fortune iu New Zealand, and go liomo with a poem leng as tho Iliad. Perhaps another Waring may bo hiding under bronzed and tattoed guiso in that canoo. In the island of Oaliu, I went to a beautiful beach, amid palm aud cocoanut tree, amid all manner of floral luxuriauco, where a number of youths aud children were swimming in the sparkling surf. For onno I should have been glad to hear no undertone or oyertono to tho laughter of rippling.wavos and merry hearts ; but it was impossible; I must needs from afarinland place 8ca,-tbe ablldrcn sport upon tbo sboro. And bear the mighty watcre rolling evermore. Not only has Wordsworth summoned there -tho mystic sea that brought us hither, but Tennyson lias evidently painted tliis very Oaliu paradise In " Tbo Islet." It was hither that the young brido would fain go — " Tliither, 0 tliither, lovo, lot us go !" and, alas, it was of this islet that the lover sadly spake— 1 "No, 110, no! 1 For In all that exquisito Isle, my dear, ; Thero is but ono bird with a musical throat, ! And Ills compas3 Is but of a single note, 1 That It makes ono weary to hear," 1 " Hock mc not, mock mo not, love let us go !" ! " No, lovo, no I j For tho bnd over broaks into bloom on the tree, I And a storm never breaks on the lonely sea ; And a worm is thoro In tho lonely wood. That pierces tho liver and blackens the blood ; And makos it a sorrow to ho." Every rough day, a3 I gaze on waves foaming with wrath, " white as the bitter lip of hate," because man has mastered them,— safe above their malice as yoq Southern Cross — all nature seems a devouring automatic monster. But my beloved Arthur Clough draws near and raises my heart out of its darkness. " Hope evermore and bellove, O man, tor e'eo as tby thought 80 aro tlio things. that tbou scost; e'en as tby bone and belief. Cowardly art tbou and timid ? Thoy rise to provoko thca against them. Hast tbou courago ? Enough : sco thorn exulting to yield. Yea, tho rough rock, tho dull cartb, tho wild sea's I nrylng waters (Violent, saydst thou, and bard ? mighty, tliou thlnk'st to destroy 1) All with Ineffable loDglng are waiting their Invader, All with ono varying volco dall to Hiin, ' Comc'and subduqj,' Still Tor their conqueror call, and bat (or tbo joy ot being conquered (Rapture tboy will not forego) daro to resist auil rebel. 8U11, wbllo resisting and raging. In soft undertones nay unto him. Fear not, rotlro not, O Man ; bopo evermore and bellevo ; Go from tbo east' to tbo west as the sun and tbo stars direct thee, With tbo great glrd'a 01 God go and encompass tbo earth." Tho -islanders, too, have their pootry, but none of it that I have been nblo to find in English books concerning them appeared to mo so poetical aB somo of their legends and myths. One of these, related to mo by Mr. J, L. Young, of tlio Socioty Islands, is of especial interest, as bearing somo resemblance to our European legend of tlio Flying Dutohman, Tlio doomed Pacific Wanderer is one Omoo, aud Ills offence, liko that of Vander- deckca and of Ahasucrus, woe defiance of tlio gods. Onco, when liis tribe pro posed to consult their gods through tlieir priests before going to battle, Omoo said ho did not care what the gods might think. In ono version ho is now doomed to for over try and build an impossible bridge over some vast chasm, whatever he builds being speedily de stroyed by " tlie demons of Omoo " a pro verbial phrase. In another version it Is said his eternal task is to build a canoe out of alder pitli, which alono might boar him to tlio island where ho eould find the repose of death. So far as tho impossiblo tasks are conoernod this myth closely resembles that of Tregeaglo, of Cornwall, England, whoso "roar" Is still heard by a decreasing number of peasant ears as ho plies tho ever- failing seaside task to ' which ho Is doomed for some unknown reason. But so far as tho oauso ot tho doom is con- cerned it corresponds with that of tlio Wan- i during Jowt of whioh tho Flying Dutchman is a variant. It is not generally known, I bo- lieve, that tbis hero of Wagncr'B fiuo opera wa3 a real personage— ono Bornard Fokko, a noted Dutch captain of the 17th century. Thero wero several things about tills Fokko' that appeared " uncanny j" I10 was a huge powerful man, who swore a good deal, but tbo worst thing was that ho was the first who used-Iron about tho rides and- masts of tho ship. - Of cqurso this iron ought naturally to havo snnlc tho ship ; so far. from it F.oklcc's ship made the swiftest voyages known in that time. Ho sailod from Rotterdam to Bntavia in ninety days. That was enough to baso a' diabolical reputation upon, and whon from one voyage noitlier Bernard Fokke, nor his Bhip, nor any of tho crow, over returned, a rumor was wafted up that tlio heaveu-dofying cap tain was still trying to round tlie Capo of Good Hope. The particulars were not long in following. It was said that after hav ing been repeatedly driven back by storme, tho captain swore a great oath that he would round that Capo if it "took him till Judgment Day ;" wherCto ft voice of thunder answered, " Till Judgment Day !" Tho Holland and the Pacific legends have, of course, 110 ethnological connection ; thoy grow as grow the gross, and tliey aro all tho moro interesting as indications of the unity of the human mind. Thero is another (Hawaiian) superstition of a spectre fisherman sittiug iu a canoo, also of a spectral procession of ghosts, who periodically paBa into 1 radei at a certain point ; and these correspond with the phantom steamboat of tho Mississippi, mentioned by Mark Twain in his last book, to tho " burning ship" on tbo New England coast, aud .to tbo Bpcotral processions of Waldemar, TVodan, Arthur and tlio Girt nil Vcncur in Europe. Among some papers given mo by Mr. Thrum, editor of a Honolulu papor, I find a legend re sembling Qioso of Hcrakles and Alcestis, Orpheus and Enrydico, and tho recovery of Ishtar from the Assyrian Hades. Tho Ha waiian hero, Hilcu, following the leading of a magic arrow, which he Bhoots before him from time to timo, is guided to a distant realm, and to the fair princess Kawolu, who falls in lovo with him. But Hiku had promised his mother to return, and leaves suddenly ; after which Kawolu pines away and dies. Hearing of this, Hiffu determines to descend into the abndo of tho dead (Lua-o-Milu) and bring hor back to life. For this expedition Hiku covered himself with rancid cocoanut oil in order to smell like a corpse ; then, providing himself with a swing of convolvulus- vino, and a cocoanut Bholl divided \- into two close fitting parts, lie was lowered by bis friends into tho abyss. Owing to tho rancid oil he iB not suspected there of being alive. Kawclu's soul recognises bim, and accepts his invitation to swing ; and whilo thoy are 011 tho convolvulus Bwing tliey are gently drawn npwnrds by Hikn'B friends. At one timo Kaweln's soul was about to flit away like a butterfly, but Hiku enclosed it in the cocoanut shell. When thoy had arrived at upper earth, Iliku repaired to the dead body of Kawclu, bored. a hole in tho big too of tlio left foot, forced the reluctant soul from tlio shell into the foot, and by rub bing carried it up tho leg and at length through the wholo form. Kawelu had no consciousness of where Blie had been ; lier first wordB were, "How could you be so cruol as to leave me ? " Of course bo loaves her no moro. How completely lias the world been ob served aud catalogued by that primitive sclcnco which to the modern man is mytho logy 1 Primitive man left nothing without its explanation. Thoso magnificent water spouts on which we gazed aye the Afreets of Arabian folklore, one of whioh a fisherman liberated from the small casket where he had been Sealed up by Solomon and cast into the sea. It sounds liko a dream of the Afreet which Watt liberated from tho kettle and commanded to bear the burthenB of tlio world. We seo many whales spouting where the Micmacs. of Nova Scotia saw them smoking the tobaccp which Glooacap gave tlieir pro genitor for carrying him, Jonah-like, to tho Isle of the Blest. Some of these primitive explanations Vcquire explana tion. Why is tlio constellation of tlio Southern Gross called by ft phrase which means " the nose of thy man that fell after eating sugar cane f" I am told that no islander oan tell anything obont this man. Was he somo legendary Adam for whom sugar cane wag tlie forbidden fruit ? It is tp he hoped that ere long a Folklore Sooiety will exiBt in the colonies, and that it will gather up these fables and myths of tho Pacific. Such products , of the human mind and heart aro moro precious than any pearls for whiqli these seas are searched ; and no coral can be com pared to that which represents this early idealisation of nature. Mr. Gill, in liis Myths and Sony from the South Pacific, lias shown that the mythology of somo of the islanders is exceedingly rich. Mr. Young, with whom I had tho pleasure of travelling, has a fine col lection of native legends, which I hope lid will publish. Now and then wo find ouo which seems to bIiow that their religion has had a slight development in the direction of tbo great liistorio religions. As Brahma -was superseded by ViBlinu, and left no tomple ; as Saturn was dothroned by Jove ; as Jahvd waB superseded by Jesus, and evon as First Person has no temple dedicatod to him ; so it would appear that, among the Maugaians, the old god ltu camo to an end by his son Mfiui. That was in tho time when the sky was nearer earth than now, and everybody had that familiar knowledge of things in heaven which is now confined to theologians. Tho sky was then seen to ho built of blue stone, and It rested on tho stont leaves of the tovc. Man kind wcro pent up in the small spneo be tween earth and sky. R11 compassionately tried to raiso tho sky a littlo, and hence was called "Sky-supporter.'' His dwarfish son Mfiui contemptuously asked him what ho was about, aud Ru hurled him to n grcnt height. Mfiui changed himself for tho momont to a liird, and when lie liad alighted hurled his father Hu and liis sky too to sucli a tremendous height that tliey never got back a"uin. Ru boenmo hopelessly entangled amid tho Btare j his body rotted away, and his bones tumbled down to earth from time to timo, and they may bo scon In the countless fragments of bluostono in Mangaln. This way of dealing with tho early " sky-sup- porters" by their earth-supporting eons is savage. Not oven tho devil is treated so now, Man Frldny asks Crusoe, ' Why'not God kill dovll?" It Is diffioult to mnko theso simple people understand that if Jnhvd wero to slay Baton outright there couldn't ho any more churches, nor bishops, nor doctors of divinity. Civilisation has changed all that, and tlio old deity is compromised with and given a cere monial position in tho new scheme — till that too waxes old) and can continue only as seal to the .authority of a successor. As wc camo near Sydney, and tlio time was at hand when our littlo floating island com munity must end ita few weeks of existence, a shade of sadness was upon us. Dr. Johnson described a sea voyago as "imprisonment, with achanco of being drowned;" but we had made our prison so pleasant that, liko the pri soner .of Gliillon, wo didn't liko to leavo it. Two dlscoverics'a philosopher may mako on a long soa voyage : ono is that man is a very adaptable creature, and that if need be ho can gradually mako little things yield bim as much mirth and doliglit as big ones ; and the other is that this world might bo happier if wc looked upon it as a larger ship voyaging an invisible ocean with neither shore in sight, its fellow- travellers borne amid common dangers, fol lowing tho samo hopcB, and to tho same silent land. 