'CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND I'.. .MISSION OP TASMANIA : .'?;''? ; Tuesday, March 6. : ? The- annual meetings ' of this Union -commenced to-day. ; At 4 p.m. a: pre liminary meeting5 was held inPririce's ? Square school-room/ Rev. ? J. Niabet,' ? Chairman, presiding; . After 'singing, . reading Scripture, and prayer, the roll of ministers and delegates was called overas follows:: — '? i . i \- ; Memorial Ohtjhoh (tlobart).— Messrs. Napier, T. Cane, S. Soqtt, Wm. WoolleyJ F. Piesae, E. Spong.,.- ? ' ''. ; Dav^jy- street Church (Hobart).^ IRev. G. Clarke ; Messrs. Jas. Salier, J. Bailey, lion. W. R. Giblin, W. A. Wey mouth, Chas. Walch. ' : :' ?' \- i Union Chapel (Etobart). — Rev. J .' W. \- Simmons ; Messrs. Russell, 0. Hall; and J. Ikin. ? ?'??'? ? ' ? . ' ''' '. :, ; ?' ?' ' '' ???? New1 Town.— Rev.J; Nisbet:; Messrs; ; '-j. Withrington and A.'MufrelL- ; ?-'?'?' \- Huonv— Rev. J. M. Bayley ; Messrs. iHay,. Philp, Walton, Smithj 0. Geeves, : ? .J.Geeves. -????? ? ' ? ? :- :' '','.''? ?'.''' ' ; ?Bellerivje and Oarlton. — Rev. U. Coombs; ' ? ? ??''?' ; ; rRiOHMOND. — Rev. D. B. Tinning.' ? -: Tamar-street Church (Launceston);— Rev. 0. Price ; Messrs. Room, Gurrj Ridge, !E. L. Ditcham. ;i :?-?:! ?'- ?'?'; ? PrinoVs-squark.'Ghuroh (Launceston), . — Rev. W. Law; Messrs. E. Dickins, 0. S. Button, A.1 VV.- Birchall, H. price, H. 'Button,: A: N. Spong,; OP. ' L/ -Fysh) T. : Edginton, Ri Kiddi Oapt-'Barwood.':''! , ,'LaTROBE: AND FoEBIBY. — Rev. / ?'? J. ?? Bennett. ? -; '?' ? ? Don, Forth, and Leven: — Rev. JYJ. Collier:- : /?' ?? ???' ' ' i ? ' ?? ' '????'?'? ;. i The Chairman' then deolared the Goun ?cil dulyconatituted. :...: !????. Notices of Motion. \ ' 1 Rev. J. Bennett, motion for tomorrow — ' To consider the meaning and applica tion, of our distinctive principle stated at ihe head of the Constitution;'' ' .'?'?' '??'.'' Rev. J. Nisbet— 'That a form of legacy be attached, to the report of ' ,pro -ceedinga for the information 'of persons disposed to' make bequests to. our various institutions'.'/ ,; ' ' The order of proceedings for the evening and ' Wednesday evening' was , arranged, *nd the meeting closed with singing and the benediction. ' ? ' ' ' ', ' ? '?'? ' ??;??'' ' ? bVjeninc(. ''/'. ? '' ,:V '' In the evening at 7 '30 a public, meeting was held in ' Tamar-street Churchy which -opened with devotional exercises con ducted by Rev; J . NiBbet, who then gave a brief address prior to retiring from the presidency of the Union. He thanked his brethren and friends for the kindness and forbearance extended to him during the period he had held office. He men tioned with regret the absence' of ' two ? ministers who. were usually present on those occasions to assist'1 with their counsel— -the Rev.1 W. 0'.'. Robinson, for many years the energetic and painstaking secretary of the Union, but who had re cently removed to New . South Wales ; and the : Rev. George piarke, who had been temporarily laid aside by indisposi tion, but who he trusted would soon be ?with thorn again. It simply remained for him to give place to Mr. Price, to whom they would listen with pleasure and Profit. ' ?The Rev. C: Price then ascended the ? pulpit and read the following address :— i Christian Brethren, — We. had expected our brother the Kev. W. 0. Robinson to oooupy the chair on this occasion. To myself it is a great .oauss of disappointment and regret that one of so ripe an experience and great usefulness .should be removed from our midst to another spheie of labour. To this, however, we are . called to bow. In those ciroumstasces provision bad to be made to supply bis place, but it .could scarcely be expected that after having twice occupied the position of Ohnirman I should be called again to the honourable .office. Past oxperienoo assures mo of your kind consideration and help ; I therefore the more readily will endeavour to fulfil the duties .of the position, hoping we may together satis factorily carry out the work in which we are ' ?? engaged. You will not on the present occasion . expect a long addresB. In the annual - gathering of the Ooun .oiV of the Congregational Union and ; Mission, wo are led to reflect upon our relation ' to the ohuroh, of God in general, and more par \- tioularly upon that section to whioh we reapeo ? tively belong. That whioh first oltvima our ; attention is a united expression of allegiance to our divine Lord and Head under whose autho rity inlone we meet. With profound adoration we bow before His throne. 'We exalt His name ; we glory in Him as supreme King of ICings and Lord of Lords. Wo deBire to surrender our whole being to His service, to know and do His will as ministers and messengers of the .. ohurohes. In the divino word we see how the Lord oalled men unto Himself as disciples ; how they wore taught by tho Holy Spirit, and how they became united in fellowship. As these .. companies increased and spread through many lands the Christ manifested Himself as the living head of the body, the church. All authority was in Himself to call apostles, sond forth evangelists, and variously to bostow spiritual' gifts to aid in ministerial work. . Christ is the same for evermore in H!b poraon, in His distribution- of spiritual gifts, and in tho ; supervision of His ohuroh or kingdom. He will not give the glory of His kingly powor and . supremo control of His church to another ; so ? we meet under His authority and seek ? His direction as servants of the churches. As tho number of tho churches increased, we find in the NewTestamont narrative, whioh is our sole guide, that the apostles appointed elders or . bishops to minister to them in word and doc trine, and deacons wero added as . helpers in the genoral management of their affairs. The 'bishop was tho minister of the olmrob, andtha deacon ' attended to seoular business, although he occasionally helped in teaching and evanjjelistio work. Under these -?? arrangements ' we see the ohuroh of \- the ' living' ' God spreading far and wide contending against every form of ... idolatry, amongst rude and polished nations, and over coming every speoies of opposition ; at the same time gradually Bhowing that the Levitioal ooonomy had grown old and vanished '.a wayi whilst the more glorious ministration of the Spirit was being developed for the salvation , of the world. To make known the glorious Gospel of tho blessed God was its great object, and to ncoomplish' this it depended upon Divine diroction and blessing. The first tenohers noyer looked for authority to any earthly ruler or go vorntnont to enforoe their message or to oompel belief in their doctrines. They commended themselves to every man's oonsoicnoo in tho sight of God. Thoy neoessarily' oiimo into collision with various errors in the religiohs and philosophies ; of their times. ? This exposed the teachers to much trial and persecu tion; and in mnny instuhoes to cruel deaths. Notwithstanding they adhered to' the sim plicity of the truth' in Olirist, iihd refused human devices to conciliate suoh as considered the gospel foolishnessi'.or stumbled ut: the de duration , of Balvation through faith in . the Christ. ; ' ,' ', ' ',?' ' ; '.; ? '.?' ' The great Head of the Church desired ,that HiB people Bhould ba oho on earth events they aro in heaven— resting upon the one foundation laid in Zion, realising the regeneration of the Holy. Spirit, acknowledging the equality ,. of interest in a free salvation, and partaking together the grace of spiritual life. Under the preaohing of' the gospel such' a people were colleotod into churches, companies of believers in the. Christ, who witnessed to tho efficacy of the truth and powor of the Holy Spirit by lives of devotion to God. It is in this line of things that we, as Congregationallsts ' or Independents, endeavour to make known tho gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ and draw men unto Him, depending for efficiency upon tha ? presence and powor of the divine Spirit. K Oar , ohurohes acknowledge Christ alone as, the living Head, bow to His word as supreme law, and in their ministrations seek His glory. They appoint their officers in accordance with the original practice, ns bishops and deacons. They observe baptism and the Lord's supper according to the divine will, and they say peace to oil them who love the Lord in Binoerity. Coming from these phurohos wp ineot in counoil as brethren, acknowledging the one glorious Head, and each other as fellow servants who have been oalled to minister in holy things. We feel that such a position is fraught with responsibility to tho people of our charge, and to the carrying out of the designs of the existence of the church in the world. Oar divino Lord is the light of the world. His life is the light of mon, and Ho tcaohes His peoplo that they aro as a city set on a hill, that they are enlightened . that men may see in them tho effects of truth applied by the Holy Spirit. Our anxious prayer is that our churohes scattered through the oolony may fully realise tbia position of purity and light, and be made great blessings to tho neighbourhoods whore they exist. Whilst caoh churoh in com plete in itself, with its bishop and deaoons, and is responsible to the Supreme Head for its purity in the faith and manifested spiritual life, all the churches in tho land form but one body, meeting on tho ground of the common Balvation, united in the same commonwealth, and receiving nurture from the same source of power and life If one member suffer, all suffer with it. Our aim is to manifest in overy depart ment of life the spirit of our living Head in the family by training ohildren in. the nurture and admonition of the Lord — in the state by godli ness and honosty fulfilling the duties of citizens —and in the church by Christian fellowship sus taining and extending the ordinances of roligion. We consider it the duty and privilege of all our members voluntarily to contribute as the Lord prospers them to . the maintenance of the worship of God and all Christian ordinanoes. Sinco we last met some from our ohurohes have put on the white roboa of glory, whom we might have expeoted to remain and labour many years for the world's benefit, and others as a sheaf of corn fully ripe have boon gathered into the heavenly garner. May many bo baptised for the dead. Whilst we thus endeavour to carry out our ideal of the primitive church and its fellowship upon New Testament lines alone, we . are not insensible to the existence and claims'of brethren, who take other views and adopt other politics in the managomentjof ohuroh affairs ; we accord to them the liberty we olaim 'for :ouraelves. There may bo unity in love to God, faith in the Christ and in the; baptism of the Holy; Spirit, with diversity of government and ministrations. Our desire is to live and act freely with all upon the ground of Christian equality for the maintenance of the church of God and the conversion of the world. i'/ ' In relation to tho ohurch in genoral, it needs to be reminded in this nineteenth century of, injunotiona urged by the sacred writers upon the -first Christiana, suoh as show that tho churoh is separate from the world. 'Be not conformed to this world.' ' Come out from among them and bo ye separate saith the Lord.' ' Iiovo not the world, neither the things that are in the world ; if any man love tho world, the love of tho Father is not in him.' The churches will c!o well to meditate upon these injunctions, whilst tho world is exerting so nmoh power by its professed pleasures and allurements in oppo sition to . the progress of the spirit of devotion' to God and zeal for His glory. Some sections of the church have been led to adopt new and. extraordinary methods to attract attention, and it is said to make inroads upon the kingdom of darkness, butl think we are rather inclined to wait to see results than to em ploy suoh means aa in many cases seem to want deoenoy and order. Yet the times demand a full manifestation of the zeal and liberality of the, churches to meet tho world's necessities. When it is remembered that vast multitudes in professed Christendom seldom or never read tho word of God or attend any religious servioe, that nominal Christianity extends far beyond tho churches and exoroises very little influence, on the lives of men, it surely should induce Christians to show the mind of their divine Lord in seeking the salvation of those around them. At tho same time tho heathen world, with its teeming millions, is over appealing to them who have the light, saying, 'Come over and help us.' We live in times of groat unrest of mind, whon men aro endeavouring to find tho intrinsic value of every system political, scientific, and religious, and to strip thorn of all that is merely fictitious in pretension or name. Knowledge of every kind is being diffusod, and all the archives of learn ing are being penetrated to their deepest reoesses. Much is boing brought to light wliioh had been hidden amidst the darkness and cor ruption of past ages, which is calculated to bIiow what . is truo or false in the professed churoh of God. Wo welcome this increasing light from old records — from verbal criticism— from anolont monuments, and the revised ver sion of the New Testament, which enable us to ' see more clearly and rightly . estimate the accretions of men's Inventions whioh have ac- cumulated around pure and simple Christianity. Whilst we hail the light of true', science from whatever direction it may come we deprecate tho hasty inferences hostile to revolution, drawn from the mere theories and suppositions -of science falsely so called ; as we find that, they have unsettled. many young and inexperienced minds, and have led not a few into tho coils of infidelity. It may be expected that this increasing light will in time lead to. tho departure from the general church of God of the fictitious rites, ceremonies, ; and offices through which alone men have been taught that divine blessings can flow. Then Christ alone will be exalted in that day. As these cLmngis oomo, and the ohurch is freed from these heavy burdens of error and corruption, we may bo permitted to welcome many who havo been separated^ and enslaved by the' inventions of men to tho liberty wherewith Olirist hath madb us free'. We must sob to it tttat wo uso out- freedom aright in glorfying Him who has secured us this blessing. Wo desire to.soo our! ohurohes maintain. a spirit of the broadest oharity towards Christians of every name, - to' rejoice in the prosperity 'of every work done for God and the salvation of men, and to unite in every enterprise at home and . abroad which tends to promoto the Hedeemor's kingdom. So we meetoiiacbm m'on platform all who promote the circulation oftha Holy Scriptures without note or comment through the world. Wo help institution for the universal education of the rising generation, and we enter zealously into tho wodc of the temperance reformation so much needed in our time. Our sympathies' are with every good workl Under all ' oiroumstanoes we must maintain purity in doctrine' and praotice, and bow, , alone to the authority of our great King, and Head, to whom be glory and dominion both now and1 over.' .? ' ''''., , . ???'??'? ??? ~ With '- these : sentiments deeply impressed npon oar minds, I hope, dour brethren, tho proceedings of the present Council' will be marked with such wisdom and discretion as will show that tho Lord is with us of a truth, and that He is, direoting us as ministers and churches' to think and work for His glory. At the conclusion' of the address the anthem 'How beautiful upon the moun tains' was .very 'nicely rendered by the choir, Miss Price presiding at the organ. Wednesday Morning, March 7. . ; Session opened at l6 o'olock. . ? ,, . ',' Present— Rev., ',.'0,., Price (chairman), Revs. J. Nistet, J. ,M. Bayley, W. Law, D. B. Tinning, J. Bennett, J. J. .Collier, U. Coombs,' J; ,W. Simmons, Messrs. J, E. Salier, Piesse, .''S. , Scott, E. Dickins, Kingston, T.' Lane, Spong,, R. T£idd, Philp, J. Withringtori, T. Edginton, F. L. Itysh, H. Button. ,,; ....,.-. Rev. U., Oopmbs offered prayer. , , ..The ., Secretary ? '. proposed that .the minutes of last year's, proceedings as printed in the annual report be received as read.,- ' ? ' ?,, , .;_ Rev. J., Bennett said before that reso lution '.was put he dosirod to .draw atten tion 'to some .matters contained in last year's 'reports^' 'V, , ,, ' The. 'Chairman' drew Mr. ' Bennett's attention to. the fact that the resolution simply, affirmed that the printed report was a correct record of the proceedings'. The resolution was then carried. . * i CHAIRMAN'S, ADDRESS. ??'.-, , Rev. .J. Njsbet proposed — 'That the thanks of ? this session be.f given to. the Chairman, Rev. C. Price, for his able,, ad dress delivered last evening.''. Rev. J. W. Simmons seconded. Rev. U. Coombs spoke of the pleasure he experienced in listening to the able, clear, and appro priate address. The resolution -was then unanimously adopted, and Mr.' Price re turned thanks.' . : ? : ?REV;;j;-J. COLLIER. ' , ?' Rev. J, W. Simmons proposed— 'That the Rev. J. ' J. Collier, -yho had lately accepted the charge of , the church at, the Bon, ! be received, and associated with' this'Union.', '. ''?'':''. ' i.''-' Rey.'l J. Bennett seconded,, and Rev. W. LaW supported the resolution. . A^ letter of commendation from . the Victorian Union awas put in and read. The ' resolution was then , unanimously carried. ' '?'?' '?.'''' ' ',.'.,' A letter was read from the Seoretary of the Y.M.O.A., inviting the ministers and delegates to make free' use of the rooms' of :tW Association during their stay in LauricestonlfT-'To be acknowledged with thanks;' '.?''????? ? ??'?? \ ;?'?? ??'? .,. ; ?' '? '' ' '???.' ?REPORTS.' '.? ' ? ?'. : The 'Secretary (Rev. J. W. ? Simmons) read the.following report :— : . ' Report of Executive Committee. ' Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Council, —Since the last session of the general Council there have been 13 meetings of the Executive Committee, with an average attendance of seven members at each meeting. On tho 5th of December the Eov. W. 0. Robinson intimated his acceptance of the pas torate of the ohurch at North Shore, Sydney, and consequently resignation of office as secre tary of the Union. Tho members present expressed thoir reg'rot at losing the services of ono who hud held office for more than 10 years, ? and unanimously agreed to the following resolu tion : — ' That this Committee learn with muoh regret that they are to be deprived of the, vnluable sorvices of tho Eev. W. 0. Eobinson j that in accepting his resignation of the office of seoretary to tho Union, they desire ' to express their sense of the diligent and effioiont way in which ho has performed its duties, and that feeling the loss the oolony will suffer by his removal, they wish for him largo succoss in the new field ho is about to ocoiipy. The Com mittee vory earnestly commend Mr. Eobinson to the sympathy and confidence- of the Oongre gational Churohes in New South Wales, and pray that when tho Chief Shophered Bhall appear he may receive tho crown of glory.' A copy of this resolution was forwarded to the Committee in Sydney. Mr. Simmons was requested to fill tho vacancy, and consented to do so up to tho unnual mooting. , ?. :. During the last session of Parliament the Publio Trusts Aot hjcamo law. , Possibly its, provision may' be available to Congregational its both an a Union and in parts; The question, lowever, is of great importance, nnd worth tho jareful consideration of tho Council. ' ? ? Correspondence will bo submitted from tho Secretary of the Union in, New South Wales, inviting delegates to an intercolonial conference tobo held inSydney next May. The invitation has: been accepted, leaving tho Council to np point representatives, nnd under tho impression that the ohurohes hero would not like the Con grcgationalists of a distant colony to pay tho travelling expenses of gentlemen from Tasmania, According to promise,- a deputation from the Committee visited Bream Creek and mot with cheering evidences of the useful work dono by 'Mr Coombs in that portion of his large district, A deputation whs ' a'so ' arranged to' visit tho Huon churohes, but unexpected dil!lcultius at the last moment prevented taenccom|ilislnneut of a sottled purpose. The value of an occaBlonal visit to country churches loiida . to the hope of some systematic effort during tho coming year. The position of mission property, trust deeds, Ohapol Building Society,, ? and provident funds will bo submitted to tho Counoil in due order. In1 this nummary the, dictum of Aroh bislioi) Whutuly is 2iot forgotton : — 'No Ohristiam and no particular ' church owes o.bo dionoo to.iho Uniyoraal Ohuroh' of which it i» a part. There ia not, and there never was,' sinco the Apostles' time, any such body existing as could olaim such obedience. Tho- oatholio ohuroh on enrth ib sot one society, but. is one, just as the huinan race is one.''.' ' ' Mr. Hj Button read the' report'of the Northern Committee as follows . — ' ; , ::Ecporj-' of Northern Oommittee. In accordance with the resolution' adopted at the last meoting of 'this Union we assemble to day, somewhat' earlier than has hitherto been tho custom — namoly, in the week Buooeedirig tho first Sunday in Maroh. This was done to suit, the convenience of many of our frionds en gaged in business who' have found it very awk ward, and in some onses ' impossible,- to leave their homes at the close or beginning of a quarter. It is hoped that tho wisdom of this stop will bo shown more and more each year by a - larger, attendance at our annual gatherings and inareasod interest in their proceedings. On this occasion those of us who reside in Launceston(/give a hearty and loving woloome to friends who are visiting us from north and south. It is thus wo are enabled to 'look over the hedges that mark off . our individual churches, and . to realise tho fact that though we are independent to the fullest extent of the term in our internal organisations and methods, we are all bound by common ties, glory, in the same traditions, are animated by the same hopes —are one in Christ Jesus. May the spiritof oar common Master brood over all our delibera tions, and govern all our aotions whilst wo aro thus associated together, bo that all may be re freshed and strengthened for renewed effort. As n denomination we are increasing, in numbers and influence,!but probably not to such an extent as we might do if oaoh mombor realised more . fully his own personal responsi bility. There is unquestionably a tendency to negleot duty — to' leave the enre and labour that inevitably attaoli to our varied agencies; not to those who are necoBsarily better qualified or have more leisure, but, to those .who aro perhaps more willing to do the work. This is not the, spirit that.'makes noble men orvigour'o'us causes, nor ia it that which will seoure the Master's approval. Yet in spite of all there is progress, and advantage will be taken of the presence of ministerial and lay brethren from other parts of tho oolony on this oooaslon to formally place the foundation-Btone of another Congregational ohuroh in this town, whioh, in addition to tho largo amount of accommodation it : will afford, will also possess considerable architectural beauty. ? Changes have taken plaoo In our North-West Coast churohes. In June last the Rev. W. Eiding resigned tho pastorate of tho Don and IWmby Churches, and shortly afterwards loft the oolony. About the same time the Eev. B. Steggall severed his connection with the Forth and Levon ohurches. The great difficulty, if not impossibility, of adequately sustaining tTO ministers in which districts, though pro gressing, are at present hut sparsely populated in the main by struggling settlers, waB thus forced upon tho attention, of those churohes. It had been foreseen and pointed out long before by this Oommittee, and at a meeting held in July, after very oarefully considering the ques tion, the Oommittee determined to recommend theiohurchos named to unite in sustaining .one minister for the present v who shonld conduct services at euoh as might be, most convenient. A meeting of delegates from all the 'churches named was held at : the Forth on 1st August, when tho recommendation of tho Committee was favourably received, and it was ' ultimately adopted, a soheme having been agreed .to fixing the amount each ohurch should contribute. Subsequently , to this, however, the . Formby church withdrew from the arrangement and associated itself with Xatrobo ohurch. At the request of the other three ohurohes tho com mittee endeavoured to obtain for them a pastor, and having heard of the Eov. J. J. : Collier, entered into ooritospondenop with, that gentle man, which led to his visiting the coast towards the end of October. Mr. Collier preaohed at all three churches, and. received an invitation to become their pastor which ho accepted and oommenced bis regular duties in December. Unfortunately, not knowing the precise time of his arrival on the coast the Committee were not ablo to take part in Mr, Collier's recogni tion services, but at their first meeting after wards, held. 'on 18th January of ? the present . yoar, the following resolution 'was passed unanimously and a oopy forwarded, to' the- reverend gentleman: — 'This Committee having hoard that the Rev. J, J. Collier has' undertuken and entered upon the pastoral ohtirge of tho . N, W. Coast churches, cordially welcomes hm to his new sphere, and trusts that he may be spared for many yeare of pleasant and useful labour in that part of the Lord's vineyard.' .'.'., These churohes were for about fivo months without a pastor, and under such circumstances, it may be supposed tbitt Mr. Collier would' have to undertake a good deal of hard work demand-, ing muohi prudence and patience, heDce lio, has boen unable to furnish any information for this report, preferring to .awnifc tho rosult of bij; first year's labours. 'Ho will need encourage ment. : Ono very important work the friends at tho Forth are anxious to accomplish, namely, to remove the churoh into the middle of the township of Hamilton on to a oonvoniont sito liberally givon by James Smith, Esq., of Westwood. This will involve an expenditure of nearly £150, and the peoplo stretch out their bands for help to friends whose affluence may onablo them to oarry out what a generous sympathy may dio tate. , Anothor year has passed, but the Committeo regret that they have not been ablo to mako provision for carrying the. Gospol mossago to spy of our mining centres. The funds at thoir disposal are altogether inadequate for that pur pose, and they, feel that it would be unwise to ommenco In a way that would invite a dis astrous .dofoat. Ourbhurbhbsllabk't'oalamehtr ? able extent tho true inissionary spirit, but this will bo'poured down' upon thom in answer to importunato, bslioving prayor. , ' Our various preaching stations near Launces ton have boon supplied as usual, and it is duo to tbo f rifinds at Kosevale to montlon that at their churoh and. Bohool anniversary hold on New Year's Day the sum of £15 whb oolleotod and paid to tho TroaBiirer of tho 'Union. This amount assuredly represents muoh solf-saorifioo which: is always well-ploabing to Him who ap praised at an infinitely higher value the widow's mites than the henps of gold ostentatiously poured into the Temple treasury. The reports of both ireasurers were also read. Rev. J. Law proposed — ''That there ports' and treasurers' statements ' be adopted.' Seconded by Mr. Ed gin ton. ' Itev. J; Bennett took exception to statements contained in the northern report, respecting tha churches on-the North- West Coast. After some discussion tho motion was udoprcd. ' ? ? rr/BLio trust act. The Secretary drew attention to tho fact that a Public Trust Act had been passed during ! the last session of Parlia ment, and suggested the appointment of a committee .to consider the desirable ness to take BUch Btepa as' are necessary to incorporate the Uniou under Buch act ; he proposed, that such committee consist of Revs. Ckrke, Nisbet, Law, Simmons, Messrs. ET. Button, S. Scott, and F. Piesso. Seconded by Mr. Scott. Mr. F.Piesae proposed as an amendment — ' Tliat the Oommittee be requested to consider the matter, and report at the next annual meeting of the Union.' This was seconded by Rey. J. M. Bayley, but the amendment having been adopted by the mover and seconder of the motion it was passed in that form. CONGREGATIONAL JUBILEE IN SYDNEY. The following letter was read from the Congregational Union of New South Wales : — Gentlomon, — As you aro probably already aware, speoial meetings will bo held in May next, in Sydney, under tho auspices of our Union, to celebrate the jubilee of tho introduc tion of Congregationalism into ? Australia (not Australasia), tho present Pitt-streof Ohuroh having been formed in May, 1833, and oonse quontly being the first Congregational Ohurch formed in this vast continent. We feel that on such an oooaaion as this meet ings shonld bo hold of no ordinary charaoter, such indeed as will givo an impetus to our denomination through all the colonies.' We purpose therefore holding ' meetings in whioh questions relating to the common interest of all our ohurohes will have due prominonoo, and to whioh we cordially, invite ministerial and lay delegates from all parts of Australasia. We now write to ask you to kindly cb-operdte with ub in this matter by securing the attendance of delonatos from your oolony. ?'''?'' ' Wo Bhall . be glad to see any whom you may be pleased to appoint to represent you and will furnish accommodation for thom during their Bojourn in Sydney; but; lest the pecuniary outlay should prove a hindrance to any, I am authorised to stato that we will gladly bear tho travelling oxponaeB of five delegates from Tas m«nia. We have decided to hold the meetings from May 15th to 23rd inclusive, and as wo ^ish to select from all delegates appointed those who will' take a more prominent part in the meet ings, we urge you to forward as early as possible the names of tboae likely to attond. — I remain, gentlemen, yours, sincerely, G. G. Howden, Hon. Seoretary, Congregational Union, Now South. Waloa. . Burwobd, February 15th, 18S3. ? ', 1 Resolved —' That the invitation from Sydney be accepted, and that delegates be appointed to represent this Union.' . Proposed by Rev. D.J Tinning, and seconded by Mr. Edginton — 'That the Revs. C. Price, J. VV. Simmons, GJeo. Clarke, J. Nisbet, W.'Law, andD. Tinning be appointed as delegates. — Carried.' *? OHUTtOH BUILDING SOCIETY. Mr Withrington presented the report of the Church /Building Society as fol lows:— ? ? Report of the Congregational vhurch Building Fund for the year ending 6th 'March, 1883. ? . ' In presenting their report the officers regret that they are onco moro compelled to express their disappointment at tho indifference dis played by our churches with respect to this matter. At soveral annual meetings of tho Union re solutions have been pass°d requosting tho assist ance . of the churches, but those resolutions have been practically ignored. At our last annual meeting , it was- recommended to the several churches — ' That ono collection be made eaoh'yenr in aid of the Church Building iFuud,' and although circulars havo been sent to each church, not one has responded to the appeal. . The small increase that has been made to tho fund during tho year has thus beon, not thb result of the contributions of the iiinuy, but the, subscriptions of a few of our number who have boen personally waited on by the secretary. , ' Had the churches during the past four years complied with tho requests emanating from this Union, the fund would have been to -day one of such dimensions as to havo boon of practical usefulnoss. As it is, it is only within tho past few days that tho amount of the fund has reaohed £200. It is proposed to ? temporarily invest this sum, and it is^hopod that during the year now commenced our churcbos will givo proof that they can and do sympathise with a project which is for tho good of the denomina tion as a whole, by instituting au annual collection on boholf of tho Ohuroh Building. Society. ' If this is done by eaoh ohuroh tho fundB will be at once sensibly augmented, the hands of your offioers strengthened, proper respeot will have been shown to tho repeated recommendations of this Union, and what i9 more important than' all, the benifioont operations of tho Sooiety can bo entered upon with an assurance that year by year the Society will havo an increaaingrovonue, and can, therefore, render increasing aid. when- ever » good caae for assistance is made out. ? A list of subscribers and the Treasurer's statement is appended' horoto. In accordance '?' with rule' 7 it will bo necessary for.tha Counoil to nppoint hon. secretary, assistant Booretary, 'and treasurer. . . , J. Withbinoton, Hon. Secretary. ' , 'W. K. Giblin, Treasurer. ' Report received and adopted. ' ' REGISTRATION OF TRUSTS. Mr F. Piesso read a report of the state of trusts of the various southern churches in connection with the Union. The report was received and adopted, and a hearty vote of thanks was given to Mr Piesse, and he was requested to continue his in vestigations during the coming year. The report was remitted to the Committee of Tublic Trusts for their consideration m. 'detail.V ? ' The' Council then adjourned. ' . - . ' . .'?!.'.,,('(' ..', V Afternoon Sitting. ..?,,?..; \- ' ..,: Session opened at 3 p.m. ?? ^ ???? Rev. 0. Price took the chair. Rev. J. , J. Collier offered prayer. Minutes \ of morning's seBBion read and affirmed. ?' , ,- MINISTERS* PROVIDENT FOND. ..-;? ; Mr., James Salior presented the annual 'report of the Ministers' Provident Fund, with return of debentures in hand. . Report received and adopted. :....,, . '.. ' ... ,-. ? ' ?WIDOWS' FUND. .;!?'-?: : Mr -Scott -presented , report. ? of ? -the Widows' and Orphans' Fund, which was, . received and adopted: ' ?' '' V ' ?'?'?' ? ' CEMETERY FUND. ;-.' . ' \ '.'. Mr Salier read balance-sheet. In; con nection . with the Davey-street Cemetery property. Report adopted. . ' ,, . ,.7,;'- ' ' ANNUAL RfirORT.- . -.!?:: : :? Rev. J. W. Simmons spoke of the de sirableness of altering the present form of the printed annual report, and publishing it more in the form of a year book. ' Rev. J. Bennett proposed— ' That tho \- ' ' ? Southern Committee be requested to con 'sider the matter, and report at the next ?Union meeting.' Seconded by Rev. W. Law, and carried. The printing of the reports- of- the present session was left' to the secretaries and Chairman. , .';.'' ' Rev. J. W. Simmons proposed— 'That it be recommended to the various churches that they should pay the assurance pre-^ riiium1 on their ministers' life policies.' Seconded by Mri Scott, and' carried, , ,.BEy. ]j. Bennett's motion. ? ? Mfc Bennett entered u pon a long expo sition, of, the fundamental principles of Congregationalism, complaining, of _ the \- interference of the Northern Committee with the churches under, his charge, and concluded by asking for ; a committee to investigatb; the matter. , _?.'.,.'? Mr. OobmbB suggested the appointment ? of Buch committee, while expressing his complete confidence in the Northern Committee. Mr., Fysh pointed out that this 7 course had already been adopted, andthat'severai . hours had been devoted to, it;.for two days, and resulted in. the action of the Committee being sustained. i 'After ' considerable discussion it was proposed by , Mr. Tinning, and seconded ? by Mr.'Oobinbs— ' That Mr. Bennett be requested not to bring the matter before the '? Union-, again.' Carried, Rev. J.; Bennett protesting against the resolu tion. ?? '- ' ' ' ' ' ? ' ? , ?',.... Rev. J. Niabet proposed— 'That; a form of bequest in respect to the different funds should; be printed in the annual report bf.the Union.' Seconded by. Rev.; 'J..M; Bayley, and carried. .',,? ;..,--. ;'. Votes : of thanks were ; given,. to_ the officers of the various j allied societies, for . the past .year'n .services,, and ? [i hey were re- appointed f 'l- the coming year. ., ,...- ?? The Southern Committee were also re appointed as last year. , '.'. ? .... ? ' .-.Rev. J. M. 'Bayley was appointed Chairman ;? Rev. ;U.: Coombs, preacher ; and Rev. J. W. Simmons, secretary; ? . The-. Northern- Committee' were re appoinied, substituting Mr. H. Ridge for Mr. T. Ridge. ':.-;. \\. ... . , MEETING NEXT YEAR. . Rev. W.: Law proposed that the Union meeting be held next year in Launceston about the timejof opening Prince's Square new church. This was agreed to. , ' : A. hearty vote of thanks was giveii to the friends of Launceston for their kind hospitality. ?After a few closing remarks the Chair man pronounced the benediction. : . Evening Meeting. The sermon to the Union was preached in Prince's Square Church, by Rev. J. W. Bayley, the preliminary exercises being conduoted by Rev. U. Coombs. There was a good attendance, and Miss Button presided at the organ. The preacher ' took as his text— 'Then had the ? churches rest,' etc. He spoke of the ?? . ??' ' cruel persecution of the early Christians ; the cessation of that persecution fora : . while, and the rapid increase of the ??.-' ???? church. Two facts were stated :— (1) The churches were edified ; (2) and they multiplied. He then (ihowed the causes thereof. Rest from persecution had a good deal to do with it. We have such rest. Have we internal rest? There could be no success where strife exists. Tho causes were twofold. 1st. 'The churches walked in the fear of the Lord ;' lived holy, happy, self-denying lives which spoke more powerfully than their words. 2nd. ' They walked in the comfort. of the Holy Ghost.' Human means were very necessary but useless without Divine energy. If our churches walk in the fear of God. success is certain; if not thus living no success can. be achieved. Mr. Bayley concluded by urging all to. full consecration to God. _ . ., After singing and prayer. a communion service was held conduoted by the Chair man, Rev. J. Nisbet delivering an address. . .This, meeting concluded the 1883 Bession of the Union. ? .. ? . 