A SALVATION A R M Y W E D D IN G [DaHi/ Telegraph, November 20.] One of the quaintest, religious ceremo-i wics ever witnessed was porformed at tlie Salvation Army barracks, Wcllingtonstrcet, Collingwood, last evening, , the occasion being the murriage of two <of these well-meaning Christian soldiers to two of the “ daughters o f the regiment.” The union was announced to lake place nl * o'clock, but long before that time the barracks were literally packed. Aelmrge of sixpence was imposed upon those seeking admission, tho result being that, the meeting was free from larrikins. There must have been between 1,500 and 1,000 persons present, women predominating. Almost every* man had a. flower in Ins coat, and all the,women oarried bouquets. igour compensates for any lack of _____ . Precisely at 7 o'clock th e happy* pair ushered in and took their seats upon platform, the brides upon the right of llev . Mr. Horsley and Major Barkeijj officiated, and the bridegrooms uponthe left. . The ladies were young and decidedly* prepossessing in appearance, although the sombre costume of the army wasnot calculated to enhance thcircharras. They wore the black dresses and quaint - bonnets of the Hallelujah, lasses, the only • departure from the usual customc being a white wedding favour upon tke left breast, f Their names were M iss Elizabeth ♦ Polglase, a native of Tasmauia, and Miss Carrie Stevenson, the daughter of e farmer near Keraug. They were to be married respectively to Captain Phillips better known as u the happy Welshman;1 and Cadet Foley, of Fitzroy. The lattei has no distinguishing nickname. H e is s fine stalwart young fellow o f the artisai; type, and, it is saia, had been a shocmakei •‘with a bad record” until lie joined the army* and reformed. After several hymns had been sung and.brief .prayers had been _offe,red, tlie couples were ranged on either side of the Rev. Air. Horsley, who went through the ordinary* form of declaration required by law with each of the parties. Majoi Barker then explained to the audieuci and the interested parties tke nature of i Salvation Army marriage, i It .was mot i union of worldly affection, but a partner ship for the purpose o f doing the gooc work, and promoting thte. interests and px tending the influence of the A r m y .i.. ■- Cries of ** Hallelujah ” and “ GodbU; the Army ” resounded through flue ball The marriages made in the Army wen strictly under the supervision of the coin manding officer. Before any engage ment is entered into the parties commit . T» _1*_ _ V - •£ 1. and the advancement of the Army, con suits with the happy couple, andaiTangc the .date of the wedding. Thisi coura iiadbeen.followedm the present instances and the major expressednis hearty .appro Ration of tlie double event. Brides an< grooms then knelt down, and each o them delivered a short address, to” tli effect that the marriages were beiuj entered into solely* for tlie sake of ih Lord. Cadet Foley, whose speech i rough, but unmistakably eloquent, be gan— ‘‘Oh Lord, this is a very senou matter,” causing the irreverent to forge the solemnity of tlie occasion and bura into laughter. J Order!” cried Major Barker, in hi brusque way. .** Don’t let us have any c| brides confined themselves to brie ers, and another hymn having bee S usiastically sung, Major Barker wen through the usual form of ceremony commencing, “ W ilt thou, etc.,” intei pointing to join in promoting and extent: ing the influence of the Salvation Arinv before the words of the usual formulj ^ to have nnd to hold, etc.” W b . Cadet Foley was asked if he would ta*$ f* Miss Stephenson for his wedded wifi* lie exclaimed in a loud and cnergct voice, “ My* word! That I w ill!” “ Then,” said Major Barker, “ Put c the rings, aud I call upon all her© i witness that in the name of God tl Father, the Son, the H oly Ghost, and < tlie Salvation Army, I declare you to l man and wife?” The same formula was repeated wit the second couple, and then a sceuo fo lowed that it is almost impossible to i justice to in print. The instant th Major Barker pronounced the secon co u p le‘man aud wife, a mighty* “ Hul * lujali! God bless them!” rang tliroup the building, and the air became literal' darkened with bouquets. From tl audience flowers poured in in an u ceasing volley; from the raised seats ; the back of the platform, bunches, ga lands, wreaths’, aud coats-flowers also hie ally rained down on the blushii brfdcs and the happy* grooms. So tluY and heavy* was the floral lrnil that tl clergyman aud those near him had throw up their hands to protect thei selves from the deluge, though an oou { sional “ O h !” of paiu told tliat a wel aimed boquet had got through, tho ^ ''fy fence, and landed, stalk first, upon Rev. Mr. Horsley’s ear. The entnusia*! y was hysterical iu its vehemence, and culminated when an energetic and bah headed officer, a visitor from another di triot, sprang from liis seat, and lod c with one of the wedding songs aoloofi for the occasiou. The band struck i gaily, the people sang lustily*, and win thp chorus was Touched— Let the hells of heaven ring, Let the happy soldiers sing. Every* marriage-blessing brift$ Wliile we bless the Lord i J Bless the Lord ! Bles&th;? Lord ! Bles6 the Lord ! Blc&g; the Loyd j W ith ouv captaiu w d Vride Wc will blegp (he Lord. May His richest blessings flaw On them both where’er they go, Till la heaven we part no more. A thousand handkerchiefs of all colou were waved by th e enthusiastic witness to the marriage ceremony*. Mothe danced their babies above their hcac keeping time to the music, and, when occasional rest afforded an opjwrtwvili some of the inspired soldiers filled Up t space with a deafening “ Halltvjujuh.” There was none of the iudiwiminti embracing and kissing attendant up marriage ceremonies geueroUy, and wh the .uproar, tho flawor-shower, and t [waving of handkerchiefs ceased, tl newly-wed Hallelujah lasses took Jin ? scats demurely, apart from their hu .bands, as before the coremouy. '' A wedding hymn, “ When we arrive ? Homo,” -was sung, and then the four pn ties) to 4liCi ceremony /respectively a dressed those present to the effect th they were so .nappy,.aud were doing for the sake of the Lord. They felt «m tain tliatjHc.would bless their union, a: make them the means of reclaiming mn sinners. All of thpm spoke With an ei nestness that commanded respect in sp of the rude aiid, at times’,^'ungrinirifMv phraseology used. Major Barker {• lowed with a characteristic aqdT*$& up the. good. tliat the Army wa& ’lddi.ng, a referred to the uujustifiaul© attest of M Booth in'.Geneva, and: thp ;p,ufcfting i fusal. Upon : the; part of the miuirij authorities to allow the army to mar through the streets of Melbourne. T concluding hymn, “ Hallelujah," w sung to tlie repeated enthusiastic, wavi of the,thousand handkerchiefs, and t !ceremony.'bcingov<nvthe various mepnbi prowded round to congratulate the liap Welshman and tlie reformed ahoepud apd their bonnydoolring brides. T duly wedding present visible was a blc of ice, iii which a handsome bouquet flowers had been frbzen. This had be sent by an enthusiastic admirer, and mainca upon the platform during t ’ evening. * i • , . 'The usual Salvation Army mecti was to be held at the barracks' aft wards, but as the attraction of the c1 ing had been the wedding, “ the i f S * tlirong*|quickly dispersed, after what », f enthusiastic and baldheaded visiting r- tion declared • f • ‘ *• • ■ grand financial success, tliat be the churches all to fits.” crtaoult 