City Sketches. Stonewalling the Demagogues. After the introduction of the Licensing Act Amendment Bill the public censors in the Domain exhibited unexampled vitality. It is there that a vast number of the recent peti tions were signed, in many cases twice or three times by the same person, hairless boys having a strong passion for sending their autographs in to the Senate. ' Going to sign the local hoption paper?' asks one larrikin of another. ' Oh, yes, I've signed old Brown's, and now I'm going to Richardson, and then to Perry. Won't they be long!' The other cordially assents : ' It's prime fun. I signed the publicans' one six times at the — — Castle, but there was a little beer knocking round there. Precious little here, Gus.' It is symptomatic of a coming struggle that the lower section of Domain idlers manifested a deep interest in the Stuart- Reid measure at the same time as the teeto tallers. A sort of Skeleton Army, declared by the abstainers to be organised and paid, like its English prototype, by the lower class of publicans, threw their dwarfed energies into an antagonistic movement. This was observable on a recent Sunday particularly. Whether the members of the Skeleton Army who made themselves eo disagreeably con spicuous were captains, majors, lieutenants, or mere scouts, it is impossible to tell, as they all wear the same inisignia of grease and dirt, and look as if suffering a severe re covery ; but their activity and offensiveness were undeniable. They hustled a petition-monger, knocked his hat over his eyes, and spilt the ink all over his documents. The poor fellow was too timid to cope with them ; but backbone came in the shape of redoubtable Perry, who elbowed in, took charge of the petition, and waited for some one bold enough to bonnet him. He had to wait. The unsavoury disturbers of the peace, it is certain, have a large quantity of liquor concealed about their persons, and exhibit a buoyancy which can only be due to the sure and certain hope of replenishing when present supplies have evaporated. As dear old Artemus says, 'they are loafsome objecs,' and it is a strange thing that the police force is all concentrated near the Art Gallery, which institution the tapsters avoid like a church. Mr. Richardson is a reformer who, when he is most de clamatory and emphatic, speaks a hoarse bark. The voice comes from his very diaphragm. His face and gesticula tion do not partake of his passionate belligerent utterance. While his eloquence moves the stones to rise in uniting against theoke and to raze every groggery to the ground, his intellectual and pleasing physiognomy expresses the mildness of the sucking dove, the conciliatory demeanour of ' the most magnanimous mouse.'' He is a man with whom you could amicably sit down and concoct an iconoclastic plot,, or lay the train of a social revolution, and then rise up conscious of having performed a holy action ; so contradic tory arc his words and his immobile appearance. A whirl wind cometh whence you would anticipate a zephyr, scattering loose shingles from the deluded heads of moderate drinker and filling weak-minded topers and publicans who rashly brave the storm with the dust of dismay. He does not cotton to the doctrine of moral suasion alone. Coercive legislation, the goal of which is prohibition, and if necessary a popular attack upon public-houses, are the means which he considers justifiable to cleanse the land from its worst sin. Mr. Richardson halts on the aitch, and falls into the usual grammatical solecisms, sometimes with amusing ef fect. Expatiating on the stage of delirium tremens , he said last Sunday, ' There comes a time in the life of the habitual drinker when his brain fails him, his vision becomes diseased, and he sees green serpents with fiery eyes, horrid tarantulas, and terrible centipedes crawling about the room and floiting in the air. He becomes a coward, is afraid to be left alone, his sleep is a terror, and his waking a misery.' One of the auditors, a foreigner, who was stretched on the gross, expressed his opinion that this vivid picture was over drawn. He had been taking his glass dese 20 years, and never zee such dings as doze. He thought de bublic-houses should be kebt oben a bit on Sundays, so that men should | not be combelled to go sneaking round de gorners when dey wanted a glass. ' Aha ! ' said the lecturer, triumphantly, ' that's what I like to see. You have said it. When men go sneaking round corners, and looking this way and that, it is evident they know they are doing wrong. If it was for anything lawful they would walk upright and fearless.' ' You can make sneaks of a peoples anyhow,' persisted the obstinate Dane. ' I say. Mr. Richardson ! ' ' Wait a moment,' answered Mr. Richardson, searching amongst some newspapers for a crusher from Cardinal ( Manning ; ' I'll speak to you as soon as I have answered this gentleman laying on the grass.' - ' ' Lying, not laying,' interposed a critic behind. 'well, 'lying' if you like," admitted the lecturer, with the barest approach to heat in his face. ' I think the gentleman behind who is continually correcting me must have gained a prize at some spelling-bee, and comes 'ere to hair it.' (Laughter.) ' Air, air,' repeated the accusing conscience behind. This episode is nearly as humorous as one- which occurred some years ago in the Victorian Legislature. A member who spelt and spoke as he pleased was in the act of reading a petition, when he was stuck up by a crooked letter. ' I must invoke the 'Ouse's patience a minnit,' he said apolo getically, ' but I can't make out whether this is a hem or a hen.' The vigilant joker Aspinall gravely said, ' I believe it to be a hen, and move that it lay on the table.' Amidst shrieks of laughter the poor fellow reproached the hon. member for needlessly "cricketising the punctuation of his aitches.' ' Aspirations, if you please,' corrected the in corrigible punster. ' Mr. Richardson !' again called out the incorrigible purist. ' Don't mind him,' advised one of the lecturer's sup porters. ' He's only a chucker- out.' ' I want to ask a question of Mr. Richardson,' said the intruder. ' Do you work for your living ?' 'Yes, I do.' ' What sort of work have you done in your life ?' ' Mining, farming, and various other pursuits.' 'And now don't you' (this was put with much solemnity) — ' don't you think that when a man has done a hard day's work he wants a pint of beer to strengthen him and set him up ?' 'No, I don't.' ' Have you never been drunk, Mr. Richardson ' No, I have not.' ' Then,' said the interlocutor, with a decisive shake of his head, ' you're one man of a thousand.' 'You are mistaken,' said the lecturer, introducing a naval gentleman to notice. ' Here is my friend, Captain — , of her Majesty's ship —— , who never tasted strong drink, and he can tell you that abstinence under the most trying conditions is the best thing for our physical well being. The captain has been in the Arctic regions' [a hurried whispered conference with the navy ] , ' and he tells me that he was in latitudes where the temperature was 174 degrees below zero —— ' 'Avast, avast,' interrupted the captain, whose con scientious regard for accuracy overcame his evident dislike to notoriety, ' I said 78.' ' Seventy-eight ! ' ejaculated Mr. Richardson. ' Ah, very well. A slight mistake ; but it wasn't mine. A mis understanding as to what was said, that's all. But you see,' he continued, impressively, 'that, with the ther mometer 78 below zero, there was unimpaired vitality upon total abstinence principles.' 'Won't the captain come to the front? ' invited one of the crowd. ' I know him. He's the captain of H.M.S. — — . Was you ever blocked up in the ice, captain?' (This with diplomatic suavity.) The gallant captain smiled sweetly, and looked down wards. He was probably wishing that he had this sociable young gentleman on board, so that he might introduce him to the gunner's daughter and make him diffident about sitting anywhere for a fortnight. The foreigner put Mr. Richardson on his mettle by de claring that he had seen teetotallers drunk. This he logi cally denounced as a palpable paradox— as absurd as for the author of it to say that he once saw an honest man picking another man's pocket. If he were drinking at all it was plain he could not be an abstainer. Mr. Richardson would have made a fine old Ironside. He avows his belief in a 'grand old revolution' like this,— the citizens marching round in a body, himself at their head) wrecking every public-house in Sydney. That was how the traffic was stopped in Massachusetts by 200 wronged women bursting up the drink saloons. Mr. Richardson is decidedly more of a whirlwind than Mr. Perry, but each is a distinct type of the extreme teetotaller and demagogue. Where practicable, the sons of Rechab do their speaking in shifts. It is stiff work, and there is sound reason for this division of labour. Just as an orator is clinching his argument, an irreverent Shimei is sure to attempt to create a diversion, and a quick repartee must be ready, else the wicked triumph. Mr. Brown, intimating that he'was about to take a spell, besought a fair hearing for Brother Danny, who was about to give the audience some of his experiences. A lively interest was immediately manifested in the new comer. 'Has he brought his big drum and his clogs?' was inquired by two velvet-collar exquisites, with clammy, puffed cheeks. ' No, my friend, he has not,' responded Mr. Brown. ' He knew that if he left either in a crowd where you are they would eventually be found in the popshop.' This is Brown's habitual retort, but it always tickles the fancy of a crowd who relish personalities; and, sooth to say, the person to whom it was specially addressed merited the blister. ' When the last trump sounds he will probably be found shoring up a lamp-post, waiting for ' somebody to shout.' Danny is an old friend,' pursued the missionary ; ' and though he's an Irishman and I'm an Australian we always agree. I can agree with any one but Chinamen, and them I can't stand at no price. Danny is a Catholic, and I go to whatever church I like, and never ask where he has been. The man who worships in the church in which he was brought up is a good man— (hear, hear)— and 1 just inquire which has the shortest cut to heaven, and go straight for it. To give you a familiar example : Danny and I are goin' to Parramatta. Danny takes the steamer, and I take the train. We both get there— but I get there before Danny.' (Cheers and laughter.) Danny (a decently-dressed fatherly-looking old gentle man) now mounted the stump, and was greeted with a fusillade of jocose questions and cautions to be careful what he said. 'A gentleman,' he commenced ('Don't call him out of his name, Danny,') — 'well, a person wanted to know if he had brought his big drum. That was an allusion to his being the first drummer in the city of Sydney. ('No, Danny,' urged the fiend as politely as if he had been in the House. ' No, there's one older than you.') Where ? (' The chap as beats the drum at the merry-go-round in Paddy's Market.') That was false, for he had a drum before Paddy's Market was built, when it was nothing but a gully. (Sensation and cheers.) As for his clogs, he was a dancer, it was true, and when he was last in public at the old Victoria Theatre all those brought in competition against the old man of 53 were un able to beat him. (Cheers.) But what he came to talk about was total abstinence. For 13 years he had been a teetotaller.' The voice : ' No, Danny. Look at Brother Brown behind you laughing. He knows better. Stick to fact, old man.' Mr. Brown was vindicating the character of his auxiliary when the same person asked a question conveying an infamous imputation upon Danny's history. Mr. Brown continued : He was not there to answer for his brother, who would doubtless seek legal redress ; but he would ask the mean-spirited loafer who came there in return for a pint of tangle from some wretched publican, whether he was keeping the wife he promised to keep and honour? Or was he, while earning 10s. a day, deriving relief from the public charities for his starving family ? (Groans, and *' Give it to him, Brown!') He was a man from whom better conduct might have been expected. Mr. Brown, from his intimate knowledge of the city, doed not require any inquisitive member of his circle to give notice of his question, as is the usage in *' another place.' He is ready to answer it out of hand, accompanied with any quantity of crisp sterling biography. He is a whole encyclopaedia of unpalatable information, both authentic and apocryphal, and meddlesome people are generally sorty for addressing him. He insinuates that the police are addicted to the practice of surreptitiously entering public-houses on Sundays and during prohibited hours on weekdays to taste a cup of the ' rosy,' as Dick Swiveller hath it, and hence tbe incomplete working of the licensing law. Conscious that ' the wing of friendship' is likely to ' moult a feather' so far as the police and himself are concerned, he defiantly remarks, ' Wouldn't they like to catch old Brown boozed, that's all ! But he never gives them the ghost of a show.' Interruption, only in a less degree, was encountered by Mr. Perry, who destroyed the Stuart Government to his complete satisfaction whilst Danny justified his clog premiership ; and he attributes the visitation of cockroaches from public bars to the same hope, a generous recognition in spirituous or malted hospitality for their disorderly exer tions. He admits, as he is obliged to do, Mr. Stuart's assertion that in spite of last year's restrictive legislation more spirits were taken out of bond than daring the previous year, but he insists that the quantity has not gone into con sumption — i. e., that the spirits are not yet drunk, and that the anomaly is due to some such legerdemain as is fre quently practised in commercial circles immediately before or after a radical change in the laws. The decrease in the number of arrests and convictions is a hard fact irreconcil able with the hypothesis that clandestine drinking in 1882 has tended to overtop the total consumption of 1881. Mr. Perry predicts the overthrow of the Ministry on this particular measure, before even Messrs. Morris and Ranken, their land policy-makers, have incubated their report, and his audience gave a general 'hear, hear.' Nettled by some expressions of dissent from one or two persons behind him, Mr. Perry impulsively said, ' I will take a vote. All you that are in favour of the law of last year signify the same by holding up the right hand.' A forest of hands rose in response. The contrary proposition evoked a very feeble manifest. Mr. Perry can sway three- fourths of his audi ence, as a rule ; but a hasty, impetuous vote like this some times involves dangerous consequences. George Francis Train had a great habit of submitting his theories to a ple biscite without a minute's reflection. Arguing that if great thinkers, poets, and statesmen were excluded by narrow creeds from admission into heaven, he himself would prefer going to the other place, he suddenly roared out, ' I will take a vote. Those in favour of going to hell with me say ' Aye;' ' and the crowd, without hesitation, thinking only of his logic, at once signified their readiness to accompany him. R. M. 