Thc Ghost at Grayson, Br MATTTIE DTEB BBTTTS. Os course every one knows that a bride does not appear in society for a few days before ber wed oinir. Bat when it .is necessary for her to do a few°errands for herself she Í3 aUowcd to go and come like other folks. Miss Mabel Downey was to be married on "Wednesday to Mr Arthur Grayson, of Grayson Hall, some miles down the Hudson. Mr. Gray 83n wa3 a widower, rich, good, and a thorough gentleman j every one pronounced it a splendid match. On Tuesday, Miss Downey was obliged to do a little shopping, which she would trust to no one but herself. It was early in autumn, but-chilly and windy, and as it began to sprinkle slightly, Mabel took ref tige in a street car on her way homo. And when she found herself seated next to two ladies whom she knew, she was glad of the thick veil and long grey circular which prevented them from recognising her. Of course she could not help overhea ing their conversation, and in a few minutes sho found she was herself the subject of discussion. " It will be à very grand affair, no doubt," Baid ono 5 f,'hut if it was I-and to live at Grayson Hall -no, I think I'd not like it." I ..T heard something of the rumour," said tho othor. " Was it really ?" I "Oh, I don't know ! Only they say-and it is told for truth-that something haunts the plaee -a woman, all dressed in white, is Been walking of nights." ; ???? .' "You don't say so P Do they know who it seems to be?" :1 " Oh, well; I can't say. But it is thought that it is tho spirit of Mr. Grayson's first wife." "My gracious I I never.'heard that. Why should she, I wonder V Come baok I, :Nobody knows ! Some promise he hasn't kept; something nob done, they do Bay. But I don't know. " It's dreadful, isn't it ? I wouldn't go there for anything 1" ' " Nor I. His money couldn't tempt me. But Bomo folks are. BO mercenary.. Here, we are passing our corner.. Please ring tho bell for us, Bir. (To a gentleman: opposite.) Thank- you; sir. Como, Ellen.".; The ladies gob ont; 11 . . Mabel rode two ¿guares further; amused, vexod¿ half-worried, half-provoked over the silly talk she hadheard.. ' , , k "Of course there is not a syllable of truth in it," sho said, mentally. "I shall not insult Arthur by ever speaking of. ic. But I- do ; wish people would not get up, such, Billy rumours." It had passed .from, her; mind by. the time she was in her room, at home, and in the hurry of preparation sho did" not think of ib again, until after the ceremony;- 1 That was not; as the gossips had averred, "a grand affair." It' was a quiet wedding in the presence of a few choice friends, followed by an elegant,collation, after which the bridal pair, unattended, journeyed tho few mile3 to : their fubure homer Mr. Grayson's own oarriago was at the small station to meet them. Quite a number of people wero there, most of thom drawn by curiosity to Bee the bride. While Mr. Grayson stepped to the baggage-room, to give some orders, Mabel, waiting for him on the platform, heard a young girl say to another : ^ " You wouldn't catch me going out there to live I I don't want any ghosts round my house." In an instant Mabel recalled the story she had heard, and know what they meant. But she only smiled, and did nob think it worth mentioning to her kind husband. Grayson Hall was a large and elegant mansion, having ,all modern conveniences, hnely situated in the midsb of spacious grounds, with a conser vatory added, jusb beyond the parlours. It was managed by a f aibhf ul housekeeper, who had lived there for eighb years, and an ample fjroe of servants. Mabel found she had no care Ito'worry her, for ' Mrs. Johnson was a thoroughly capable manager, and a nico, sensible woman. _ Rachel, who was Mabel's own maid, was a neat tidy girl; and soon grew warmly attached to her mistress. ' But Mabel quickly noticed that not one of the servants would venture oubside the house alone at night, and two or three times she heard whis pers, which convinced her that the ghost story was known hero, too. Bub it was not openly spoken of, until one morning Netby, the youngest of the servants, came to Mabel, and said she wanted to. givo notice to leave as soon as her month was up. " Why, areyou dissatisfied, Netty P"asked Mrs. Grayson. "Aro you not treated well?" " Oh; yes'm, and paid well, never better. And Ihate to give upa good place, but I-I'm afraid to stay.-" " But why ?"? demanded Mrs. Grayson. " I-I'm afraid of tho ghost, ma'am." "Nonsense, Netty, there is no ghost here." " Oh, yes'm there is ! I never really believed it'till I saw it myself, ma'am, last night. And it scared me nigh to death, 'deed it.did !" "Where did you see it, Netty, and what was it like?"..;.,., "Like "a woman, all dressed in white, and it was out in the shrubbery, beyond the lawn." ?; ???<.?? Rachel was in the room. Mabel spoke to her. " Rachel did you ever see this thing ?" ' " Yes, ma'am, several times. It is justas Netty says, ma'am," answered Rachel. " We. will inquire a little further. Send Mrs. ÍJohnson here, please, Rachel." , , . ; Mrs.-Johnson, when she came, laughed at tho notion. ".I've heard that nonsense, time and again,*^ said she. "And I've watched for that ghost time and again, too, and never have seen a glimpse of it." "That's true,for I've watched with Mrs. John son half-a^dozen nights, and never had a sight of tho spirit., Bub I've; seen her at other times," said Rachel. ¡ "I don't believe there is suoh a thing/', said the housekeeper, firmly. " or, oertainly, I could see it, too." ,f Nor I," Baid Mrs, Grayson, " It IB all in the ; imagination. What you say, Mrs. Johnson, goes , only to prove it. Well, Netty, you are a gaod ' j girl, and I don't like to give you up. Suppose I I you stay a month longer, and if, in that time, we can't settle the mystery of this lady-ghost, you shall go, with a good recommendation. You may sleep in tho littlo room next to Mr3. Johnsen, if you are afraid. Will you stay R" "Yes, ma'am, Mrs. Grayson, I'll try it one more month. And if it stops walking, i'll stay for good." " Very well, Netty. Stay iu the house of nights and I'll warrant the ghost won't trouble you. Now you may go. MCB. Johnson, please watt awhile." When the maids went out, Mabel held a con versation with Mrs. Johnson: That lady ex pressed her unqualified disbelief in any ghost at all, but gave theruinours as she had heard them, and Mabel found they corresponded well with what she had heard, " Was there any cause of unhappiness, do you think, botween Mr. Grayson and his first wife ?" asked Mabel. "I am sure there was not, ma'am. -Hived here four years before Mrs. Grayson died, and in her father's family three years before slie : was married. She was a sweet lady-very much like yaur3elf, ma'am. 'Tisn'coften aplacéis favoured with two such mistresses aa BIXO and you, Mrs. Grayson." " Thank you," said Mabol, smiling. f.f Well, I shall spoak to Mr. Grayson about this, and if any mischievous person is doing it to frighten people they shall bo caught, and well punished." "I don't think.there is even that much foun dation for the rumours," said Mrs. Johnson. " I think it is altogether imagination." " I am inclined to think so," said Mab el. She intended speaking to her husband at once. But when he came home that night he said he would be obliged, next day, to go on a short trip to Washington, and would be absent three' or four days. Sho concluded to say nothing- until he returned, nob having the least fear herself. The wing where Mrs. Johnson slept, and whore Netty took refuge, was at the farther end of the house from: Mabel. Tho men servants slept over tho carriage-house, but while Mr. Grayson was gone, Mabel had them sleep in a small room .off the dining-room. Rachel had her own little bed room not far from her mistress, -v' The night was a lovely one. The moon at the full, only dimmed by tho lightest veil of olouda. Outside Mabel's chamber was a light, vine wreathed balcony, upon which Bhe often went out of a lovely night |to enjoy the beauty of the prospect for a few minutes. ¡ . , She stepped out to-night, and stood leaning on the railing, looking out to the distant glimpse of the river, when suddenly something caught her eye, which caused hor to fling up her hand, and utter a low cry. The ghost was there J She saw it with her own eyes ! Jusb at the odgaof the . shrubbery there was a female form in long, flow ing white garments, moving slowly, amid the trees ! It was no mistake. Mabel saw it ! ' , For an instant she gazed.; then,with a:thrill of unreasoning terror, turned and. fled into her room, shutting tho long window. Tho next mo ment she laughed at her own' fears, turned, and went out again.' The figure had vanished. Fdr a half-hour she watched there, but not a trace of it appeared. *~- ' She went in, closed her'Window, and went to bed, resolving the next night she would' watch with Mrs. Johnson. She told her good housekeeper the next morn ing, and Mrs. Johnson, expressing the greatest curiosity to see the ghost for herself,".willingly consented to Bhare her vigil. - < They did watoh till long af ber midnight, and saw, not ono single shadow, of ; the mysterious visitor! v-.; "Well, I give it up," said Mabel. fi Arthur will bo hero to-morrow, and then he shall invès tigate tho matter." . ,t . > . When Mr. Grayson came, she told him the whole story. But he was inclined to treat it lightly, as she had done at first. ,. ' 'V "I heard that silly tale long ago," he'said; " but I paid no attention to it. I hoped, you would not be annoyed by hearing it." V . " But I havo not only hoard, but seen it," said Mabel. " Of course I know it is no spirit, Ar thur ; I am not so foolish as to behove that. But there is something, and it ought to be inquired into." . r "Very well, it shall be," said Arthur. "We will watch for it to-night. At least, I will.'ff, f "" ' "Oh, let me, too I" cried Mabel. " Very well, if you choose. And if some ono is trying to trick us, they'll get tho worst of the trick." Not telling anyone of their intention, sq that if any of the servants wore concerned in it they should not bo forewarned, Arthur and Mabel wenb up to their chamber as usual, then slipped quietly down again, and Bat down in a shaded corner of the verandah looking over the'lawn to watch for the ghost. They had boen sitting silently for nearly-an hour, when suddenly Mabel caught Arthur's arm whispering in an excited tone : " Arthur ! Look 1" . - - ^ - - < \- Mr. Grayson looked in the direction she was pointing, and saw, not across the lawn, but near the end of the house, as if coming from it, tho ghost I '" Let us foUow, quick!" he said, and starting xip as noiselessly as they could, both being shod.with soft slippers, they followed the figure. It passed on towards the shrubbery, not seem ing to see, th em, as they came nearer and nearer to it, when Mr. Grayson whispered : I "1 see it now. Mabel! Don't you?. lb is i Mrs. Johnson, in her night-dress, and ; fast asleep !" " Oh, Arthur, it is she !" whispered Mabel. "Why couldn't we think of that?" "" Hush ! keep very still, and lot's follow her," said Mr.' Grayson. They walked after tho figure, which they could now plainly see was Mrs, Johnson herself, her eyes half-closed, her face indicating that she was sleeping aa she moved silently forward. Sí o ? ~ . . . . 1 ' ~"7 went to a small arbour just beyond the shubbery, where she was in the habit of going to sew of a pleasant afternoon. She sat down upon the seat, sat there a few moments, with her hands folded, then rose and walked slowly back to the house, Mr. Grayson and Mabel following. " chill we wake her ?" asked Mabel. " Nob until she gets to the house," said Arthur. '."It ia said to be dangerous to wake ii sleep-wal¿er, bub it 13 sure to break the habit of sleep-walking forever, and for her own sake I think she had better be waked." They kept close to her. She did not heed or see them, but passed directly to the side-hall door which led to her own room. Just a? 6he pushed it open, Mr. Grayson took I hold of her arm, and said, in a loud voice, " Mrs. Johnson ! "Wake up !" She started, gave a wild scream, flung np her arms, and fell to the floor in a faint. Tho house was soon aroused, alL the servants crowding around to see "the ghost," who was taken to her own room, a physician sent for, and kindest of care given her, so that she soon reoovercd, and never again fell into simnam bulism. " Well, no wonder we could never seo the ghost when Mra. Johnson waa watching," said Kaohel, aa they discussed tho matter next morning. " Aa for nie I'm mighty glad it was she, and not a real ghost, I'll stay on now," saya Netty. While all the resb wondered that they had not long ago investigated the mystery. and so the ghoát of Grayson Hall was laid for ev» r, and thore was nothing to interrupt Ma bel's happiness. 