THE SOLDIER OF FORTUNE A TALE OF THE CRIMEAN WAR SBi THE AUTHOR OP " STANFIELD HALL," " MNNNIE GREY," ETO., ETO OCHAPTER LXVI,--(oCmiunued) Like most persons who have seen much, of military life, the pretty can tinioye had all her wits about her, and she noticed that, whilst the domestics were engaged in preparing their break fast, a young Greek, who acted as jailor, lept peeping from time'to time into the room. He was oeoeeditigly handsome, had largo lustrous black eyes, and features stamped less with the" cunning than the beauty of his race. It was Leon, the only son of the Smerchant who had placed his house at 'the Russian general. Once or twice their eyes met, and Peggy used hers with that little harm .,less coquetry which women know how -to employ. The youth smiled, and advancing anto the room said something to her in Greek. \- Peggy shook herhead. ;He;next tried her in French and Italian, but with the same result. 'She is an ?Englishwoman' said Lelia, addressing him in his own lan .guage; ' we have both been nujustly? carried off from our friends. Yo'u are Syoung, and ought to feel for our dis tress; assist us either to escape, or to convoy a letter to the camp of the Allies.' Leon shook his head. 'I am not so poor as you imagine,' continued the maiden. 'Once at liberty, I will reward you nobly.' '? I, too, am rich,' replied the youth; * it is not gold that would tempt me to. , serve you, oven if I felt inclined- but I dare not,' '"Dare not I' repeated Lelia, in a tone of contempt. 'Ah I true, your are a Greek, and the willing slave is ever the mostobsequious.' S"Slave' ' 'What else is he who oboeys--ser vilely >obeys-the commands of-a d:'spot-Mias him in, an act of oppres esion against the helpless woman.' S She turned from him with an air of. one who felt that it W\ould be useless. ..to make any further appeal, either to hisinterests or'his heart. 'Ihe Greek ,boy oolourjd deeply and quittaed the chamber. . ' 'I shall again see hiin again,' thought Peggy. And she was rlht in her'presonti •mont. S'When Heiri awoke ti .following mormning, he found Julian seiu,4. by Sthe side of his bed. He extended ". : hand to him, and pronounced the the name of Lelia. ' You forget,' said the Pole, in his S'usual calm tone of voice, 'that by your own request we last night per :' anaded her to take the repose she so * ':much required. *:' True, true l' replied the invalid, I i did not think I had beeoon so oelfish.' ":?S'.!incie then,' continued his friend ,:ainthe same unembarrassed manner, 'she has been sent for.' ''+ Bent for ?' repeated Henri. '. 'Yes; one of her countrymen, it i seems, charged with despatches for the iommanders of the allied armies, has ::beien 'aylaid by the enemy; they say bthat he is dying; and where there is a ';work of mercy to perform, Leolia will ; t , tbe wanting.' ... All this has relarted so fturally, ..that Hehri never entertained the ilightest suspicion of the truthi; it was necessary, the surgeone stated, .b1 every possible moans to IFj' '?' Codiu ;.lim . Hoence, the po. ' 11 rvice almost distractea at the\oo I n c S.whose pat virties and1o |1ont, S 'h'ert hs~i .,idearo d her t? Ir pressed ?ir tears in his p rto il. ''. answorec :him cheerfully. uI .boon senout for, they said, Irs; on you na-lerIP9-orders which' it. was [ serve Ilo tlhat sho' could refuee ? they trusted she would soon return, but that depended .upon the will of others rather than her own. With this assurance the patient was obliged to be content; and so well was the harmless, because necessary, deception carried on, that he never for an instant suspected the truth. The first intimation which our hero received of the misfoitune' 'which threatened to blight the happiness of his friend, was from Poter stoak, who came raging to his quarters to.make inquiries after his wife. The jealous coporal had never forgotten the kind interest Peggy had exprossed towards the handsome young reoruit or the insinuations of 'Mat Parks ; .he felt certain, therefore, that Charles' could give some account of her. " You're wronging me by these sus. picions, my poor fellow,' said our hero, 'is of little consequence; but don't wrong your good and virtuous wife. I know nothing of her--have not seen her since the day of the quarrel in th;i canteen.' ' I don't believe it,' oeolaimed the exasperated huisband. *'I know that she is here.' I will see her.' 'You wrong her,' once.more re peated the object of his suispicions. 'I can't:wrong hor' retorted;.the odrporal bitterly. 'True,' exclaimed Julian, who ar rived in time to overhear the last re mark; '-the dead cannot be 'injured by the injustice of the liying.' ' Poor Peter. staggered as if a bullet had pierced his brain. ' Dead I' he faltered. ' Most likely :. she has been carried off by the Uossacks.' ' . ' The villains--the murderers,' mut. tered the corporal. ' But. I'll follow them. Iknow she would not willingly have left me, no, not for the hand-, somost face in the regiment ; aid I to suspect her but I never deserved such a treasuro. ' A few brief words from his friend explained to Charles .what .had ooc curred. ' ' ' In loss than on 'houir all three. set out with the stern det"rmination to recover Leli?? and Peggy, 'or be terribly aveegod. OiIA1PTEB 'LXX. . ' Tho tooroui Ilonnt Ioods not tim' whilsporingas 01 oalkllutiolg prulonocd, inst follows Its own 'romptlngs,-Otl I'LAY. *In starting with Julian andCorporal Stoak, whobwas: half mad with des. pair and joaleusy, in search of Lelia, Oliarles'Vavasv'er listoeod only to the dictates of hihoar~t;, he never once tliought.of the breaoh.of his' military duties, or the torrible cohseoquences which might follow,what, in all pro. babilit:y,would ,boc.orostrued ,into an actof doesertion. Ho thought only of his friend, the companion of his suffor iugs and exile, woundod nuan helples -.-..blo to pursue tho' iuimanly ruf fians w~'-:had bereaved him of the objot of hi]e" .tion.. Much time wat-,,ste in inmquiries at all the outposts ot c .. amp, and midday had passed bfci... they dis. covered the slightest clue. the course the agonta? of the ex-go'*..or had taken; evon then it was a fate and uncertain one, The sentinel who had been on duty declared that when he challenged the driver of the cart the man had givei tbohe countersign correotly, and drove off with a rapidity which, under any other airoumstances, would have excited his suspicion, but havinga, the word, he concluded that treachery was out of the question. 'And which way did they go ?' imn patiently demanded the corporal. The man pointed to the wood on the south side of the camp. A brief consultation was hola'bo tweoon the two friends. Asi for Steak, al greatly was he excited'by the loss S\his pretty Peggy, that he was in o1,, able of giving ani opinion or taking t, ti decided step himself. " JIt is quite clear,' said the Pole, (! tft treason exists in thoe camap.' c.i, 'reasoi I' repeated our l ro' with .rgc,pis, for it never once entored into ult', ik and loyal liiart that it was "for an Englishmat/to botray his country. * You arc -you must be in error.' ' Can you explain,' ontinued Julian, 'by any.other means, how the agents of the Grand Duke Codnstantine knew the countersign.?' Charles remained silent. ' And that they did possess it is clear.' ' Certain,' replied the 'former, the former, ' the gold of Russia has cor rupted the fidelity of some .miserable wretch who-' 'Not the gold,' interrupted his; friend ; ' there have been other engines at work. Passions and interests have been played on.' Although a prisoner, our ancient oppressor has riot been idle. He is one of .those men who have grown. gray in -base intrigues, who has made it' the purpose of his life to study human nature, to bend it to his; purposes. Think you,' he added ' that so fair ,an opportunity as the character of your cousin afforded has been either unseen or neglected. " " ' uthbert I' exclaimed our hero, in a tone of surprise and sorrow; ' no, no,'"y6u mistake him, Julian ; greatae is his hatred' to ime, desperate as I sus pedt the means by which he has ,en deavoureod to remove me from his path I cannot believe him- capable of an act which would brand his name with in famy, to say nothing of theodanger to: which it ,would, expose. him. You wrong 'him. ' ' , ' You 'shall judge,' gravely answered 'the Polo; * from the hour when I first lename acauainta.rl-it.h--i:-eoauuuce n the army I have had my eyes up6u him,,and from his actions have judged the' man. Your quarrel with his sor vant was' incited by him' ' Granted.' ' The attoiipt upon your life, whioh t'he devotion of Jack defeated, was also your cousin's suggestion.; Charles remained: silent. He had never'doubteod'for an instant that such wvas 'really the case', although"l he b-oeborn to dedlare his oninion. :"And the -slihot,' -continued .the speaker, which sent the assassin to his anooount, sealing his lips for ever, was. fired by the hand 'that paid him his previous villainy. Is it too muoh, then, to suppose that the man who would descend to murder would hosi tate at treason ? No; his intimacy withlGeneral Soratchenoff, es the ex. Governor of .Cheritz Khanr now calls himself, explains 'the, facility with which the abduotion of Lelia has been accomplished. : ' There,. was a terriblo logio in 'the wvord's'. of Jiiliani, ,vwhichi hi&s; heaier oul'd not disprove, and he blushed tb. think that is .name- the name :of Vavasseiir-~ofiwhioli' he felt so:prbud, might one. d,,.y be crowned with die honour, and madd''.. a by-word for treason .and baseness,.. 'It' is terrible,' he observed' at last, Sto refle'ot uposn what' man's evil passions make him.' ' We are what we makel ourselves,' replied the Pole; 'the evil passions you complain of were given tus to sub. due-tasks for the exoercise of virtue battles to which none are sent un. atrmed, unless deprived of reason. Few of us can look back without recalling <me fierce struggle with, our earthly nathe and those, are happiect who \-- e?".l victory. But enough of wle II sho1jlayiugo t phijlosopher After a brief'8 the friend.' cided that the "''£nltation, it was de .:""';Y "?". Y t PR'ty\iIould follow the direotion indicae y t,.U.sontinel, and explore the wood. T'houlnd wasn soft from the rain which 'd 'lately f~olln, and the frie ds trusetait, the rit's' made by thd wheels 0a ,"or peggy's canrt as a el e to guide thelr To experienced hunte like Julian and Charles, the track wol d be suflloient evidence. They had procoede about 'two miles, when the eorpor who, in his impatience, had advancedefore them, drew suddenly up, and at with his hand to his cap. The o o was ex plained before either of his ee panions could demand it, by the app ?ance of soveral oflicers, who, follow by a esoort, turned an ibrupt aug|tf the wood. The foremost rider wasOolonel Morely, next came Captain Craven, Cuthbert, and an aide.de-camp, who were followed by two personages whose uniforms were concealed by large military cloaks. It was evident from the deferenbce with which they were treated that they were of high rank in the army. On seeing two men in the uniform of his regiment so far from the out. posts, Colonel Merely reined up his charger, aind called to them to advance. Stoak and our hero drew near and saluted him. . ' Deserting I ' said their commander, in a'severe tone. ' Deserting'I! repeated the corporal, with more warmth than respect. 'I thought, Colonel, you knew me better. Haven't I been in the regiment, man and boy, thirty-five years ? Haven't I a good conduct stripe ? Has my name ever~ been 'on' .the punishment list ? Haven't yoil. yourself said that there wasn't a better mtan in the service? Desertinig I 'and to the rascally Rus. sians, whd have robbed me of my wife, my darling Peggyl ' That's bad enough to bear, but to be taken for a-a-' .Indignation .aiia grief choked the poor fellow's utterance'. 'Morely, who at first failed to recognise him, felt con-. vinsed that whatever the intentions of his: companion might have been, he .had wronged Peter by suspicions. S'Explain yourself clearly my poor fellow,' he said. , ...' I enn't exnlain';bhoot me' if you "nite, mutte'ed the corx'n--., ,:':ueSert, indeed!' . As briefly as possible' our hero' re lated the abduction of lolia anid Peggy, the manner in whiehit' had been so complished, and how he and the out raged husband had, started to follow the ravishers. SOf course you asked. permission of tho major,' observed'the colonel. '" I forgot that I was a soldier,' re plied Charles, colouring deeply, ' and remembored'only that I wais a friend.' 'It is fortunate that we have met, young. man, said his commanding oflicer; the consequences otherwise might have been more serious than you imagine. I grant you and Stoak leave of absence for three lday/s; beware how you exeooed the time.' The only person sulficiently near to Colonel Morley to hear his words when the permission was given, was. Cuthbert. Vavasseur, and a scowl of disappointment and anger passed over his face.. One part of his execrable project appeared to be defeated. S'At the expiration of your leave,' continued thie spenaler, ' you and Stoak whether successful or not in your search, must return to the regiment. A day later and you will both be con sidered and treated as deserters.' ' So saying, he turned his horse's head, and rejoined the party he had quitted at a brisk trot. 'That same night the Colonel was ordered by General; Tawn to make a rooognisance, at a point not more than two milesafrom the spot where he had met our hero and his companions. They enoountered a piquet of Rus sians, who fled at their.approach, but unfortunately fired first, and' Morley fell, his death deeply lamented by all who served under him save one, and to that one his fate was a source of joy for in the hurry of starting on his ill fiitted expedition, the Colonel had for gotten to write in the orderly-book lth6 leave of absence he had granted to Stoak. and Charles, who, consequently were looked upon by all in the regi mont as having gone over to the enemy. Whoen .we say all, as a matter ; of. course, we except Jack Curling and .Berjeant Bailey. The suspicions of the former, when he heard that his young i aster was missing, were directed to CuOnthbort, and he threatened if any harm lhad befallen our hero, his des tardly cousini should answer dearly for it; adS he was Biaotly th 'kind of person to keephils.word, Bailey, whose. remorse'for the share he had in the ruin of our hero's pro speots 'was deep and sincere, over hoard more than one or those threats, and anxious to prevent the terrible consequences of any outburst of in. dignation on the part of Jack Curling, contrived that the latter should be included in a draft of his regiment who were to be sent the next day to Balaelava-where confusion had es tablished her reign-where stores of Provisions and amnnition were lying on the quays for want of a road to con vey them to the camp. SAt break of day the detachment started. Many and bitter were the murmurings of the brave fellows as they waded through what had now become a perfect morass, Sometimes they were up to their knees in mud; then, by way of variety, scranbling Ithrough low, stunted, prickly brush wood, a cold sleety, rain pelting in their faces. 'A battle,' the man observed,' ' would have been child's play to it. SOn their way they. encountered parties of soldiers laden like mules- some with shot, others with provisions, \--all oursiug and grumbling at the want of foresight which rendered such toil indispensable to the safety of the army. . * ?oue'onaurea these sunforings better than'Jack. The rude apprenticeship he had served in Siberia and during hibs. escape, halid hardened him; and bad his heart been less heavy. with melancholy forebodings as to the fate of Charles, he would have smiled a:t the o:roest. A s it was, he marqhed sullonuljy and gloomily, appearing to take 'a savage deliglit in each fresh hardship as it presented itself. It was nightfall before they reached. their destination, where no arrange. ments had been made for their recep tion. The consequence was that the detachment were compelled to make it themselves, and pass tho night :in one of the churches, to tihe intense horror of the Greek priests, who deemed the temple polluted by the presence of the unwashed, hungry heretics. Itis not our intention.to dwell upon the want of organisation, both in com missariatandengineering departments, which produced such disastrous results to our army in the East. A far abler pen has already described them. Casks of biscuits and beef, with no other covering than a tarpaulin thrown carelessly over them, were rotting in the wet; the quays so encumbered with packages that circulation was im peded ; clerks and storekeepers were running madly about, asking for orders which no one appeared authorised, to give; surgeons entreating for medical stores, buried in the holds of vessels unable to discharge their cargoes. Babel must have been an orderly and comfortablo.place in comparison to it. 'Well,' thought Jack, as he stood leaning on his musket in his sentry box, and coolly surveying the scene, 'if this be soldiering and glory, give mno the plough-tail and home. Siberia be a paradise to it. What would folk say to it in England, if they could see it ?' This was on the morning after his arrival in Balaclava; he had just gone on duty. ' Grog for the camp,' hlie cried, as a couple of Stout Highlanders marched past him. with a barrel 'slung. on a pole, which they cparriod upon their shoulders. . a grn; pepper. 'Pepper I' 'Fo0r the soup of the Russians,' added the Soot; ' and I'm'thinking it will make the kail mair hot than they like to take it.' 'Just look ahint !ye and you'll see the .popper.box,' drily observed the second Highlander, 'and that'll tell ye the sort of pepper we're carrying on. About a hundred paces lower down on the quay, Jack saw a number of men dragging a heavy gun.. It was gunpowder they were laden with. It was in this manner, for want of '? proper road, that artillery and amuni tion were obliged to be conveyed to the camp. We have often wondered why liargeflat-bottomed sledges were never tried; but had aiiyone suggested the experiments, in all probability a model in the first instance, would have had to have been made, then send to England for the Board of Ordnance to have reported on, and by the time the havvies, who woro afterwards sent ourt, had completed the road, permission arrived to have used them. From the soeno of confusion near him, the attention of the sentinel was soon directed to a trim-looking outter or yacht *hioh had just entered the harbour. Evidently it was not a Government vessel; there was no swallow tail pendant floating from the mast.. 'Would I and Master Charley,' muttered the honest lad, ' weoro on board df you, and your sails set towards England. I have had quite enough of fuSrnin parts, What fools men are,' he added, ' to leave their comfortable home, to see the world, as they ol11 it. For my part I wish it wor no bigger nor Suffolk, and I safe in HIarleyford.' FIrom the rooollection of his native place, the thoughts of the speaker naturally wandered to 8usan, and th' friends whom he began to despair of' eover seeing again. Ho wondered how she looked; whether she had been faithful to him during his long absence or had found another.lover: a une picion not altogether unreasonable, when the natural inolination for coque. try of the pretty waiting maid is taken into considerptaon. For nearly an hour Jack remained chewing the cud of sweet and bitter refleotions, speooulating alternately on the fate of his young master, and on the prospects of Susan's . fidelity.. During this time,o bhost had put off from the yachtbb which had. been ordered by the harbour master to eastI anehor on account of tlhe number of vessels alongside the quay, and rowed towards the shore. A party consisting of two ladies and the same number of gentlemen, all well mufled up in furs and cloaks, stepped on shore and were guided by a ybung midshipman to a house, one of the best in the place, directly opposite. 'How like that old gentleman's walk be to Sir Edward Challoier's,' said the doldier. 'Poon, I be getting soft and foolish loike. I shall fanuoy, I suppose, that I see Susan next.' Scarcely had the words escaped his lips than another boat which had closely followed the first, and came alongside, and a female laden with a bandbox and siundry small packages, stepped on shbre, accompanied by an old man in livery; but it was not on the former that the eyes of Jack word fixed. Never had he seen such a like: ness; he rubbed his eyes, fancying that his imagination had deceived him; and not satisfied with thoe ox periment, noxt pinched his nose to convince himself that he was not dreaming. SHae came at last to'tho conclusion, that if he was not mad, it was either Susanuor her ghost, and shouted out her name. - o. He was right; the yacht which had attracted his attention was no other tlhan. the MIermaid, ,from whliich Sir Edward, Beatrice; Mary, and her hus band had just landed; and.the second party consisted of honest old Christy and the waiting maid, who; on hear in'g the voice of her lover, recognised it in an instant, and dropping her paoktages, stared round her. ' Herel Susan, hero in the sentry box,' said Jack. - *The girl, who 'really loveod him, sprang across the quay, and the next instant was looked in his arms, to the great amusement of a party of sailors who were passing,--tind we might add to their envy, for, as we have before observed, Susan was remarkably pretty. Poor Jack was almost frantic with delight. He hugged both her and his musket in one affectionate embrace,, and even went so far as to commit a petty larceny, amounting to half a dozen kisses, before she missed them. 'Heaven bless thee, Susan, he said, 'I never thought to.see thee again. Thee beest as handsome as ever-what do I say-ten times more bleautfidler. How be Sir Edward and young lady. Thee bean't married I Who broke the bay colt? Lordl Lordl I shall go mad with joy. Give I another kiss.' The *aiting maid remined him that he had takern more than he was entitled to already. 'But. how did thee get hero ?' de-. manded her lover. ' With the Mermaid.' 'Really, now,' said Jack, with a look of surprise. ' Well, that be eurious. Thof I've seen so much of furren parts I never seed a mermaid. Master Charley says there bean't such orit. ters.' Susan explained to him that it was the name of Mr. Frank Moreland's yacht, in which she and her master and Beatrice had made the voyage. It'. wor Sir' Edward himself, then,' exclaimed the astonished lad. 'Well, I thought I knowed his walk again, and if I beant dreamin'-just give me one kiss to convince me I am not-i seed ' Of course you did.' No sooner had the groom recognisod Jack, than, leaving the lovers to the transports of their meeooting, he has. tened to the house to inform the bare.o net, who; accompanied by Frank Moreland, hastened into the street. Never had the poor lad felt so proud and gratified as when the old gentleo man shook him by the hand, in the presence of Susan, too, and called him his faithful honest friend. 'I have only done my duty, Sir Ed. ward,' he blubbered, ' and perhaps not always that, for we have seen mortal hard times of it.' They shall be pleasant ones for the future,' observed the father of Beatrice, ' but where.is the dear boy?' The countenance of Jack fell; the question was a damper to his joy. ' an't tell 'coe, Sir Edward,' he an. swered with a groah. SNot:tell me,' repeated the baronet; 'why surely you have not abandoned him.' 'I aban;don him! I leave Mast.er Charleyl Not for all the gold in Lonidon, and they do say'there be a mortal lot there,' replied the lad, ' bot that I over found any,' he added, with a sigh of bitter recolleotion. 'He has left me, they may he has gone over to the enemy, but it's a lie, a wicked lie; I'd stake my lifo on it.' 'And I mine,' added the baronet, omphatically. 'What,' he continued in a tone of indignation, Oharlos, who has over shown himself the soul of honor, desert the colours of his couu try-go over to the enemy, draw the sword against those of his own blood and race I Impossible-the aoousation is as monstrous as ridiculous, and none but a fool would give oar to it.' 'Or one who felt an interest in his ruin,' suggested Frank Moreland. ( Youforgot that his cousin Cuthbert is in the same regiment, and that no tie of kindred, no sense of shame, would prevent that very politic young gentleman from using every moans to blast the reputation of one who has proved his rival both in love and for. tune.' , ' True;' muttered SirEdward, 'true, Alas, tile misery of evil days is not ended yet. This sad news. must be kept from Tricksey,' he added: 'a second blow would kill." Both the gentlemen impressed upon tlhe mind of Jack the necessity of con. coalment. . They knew how cunning the affection of woman is, how persevering; that it ttiee a thousand means to gain the intelligence.it :seeks. 'You will be questioned,! they said, 'on overy point; the slightest hb'esita. tion or discrolpancy will be perceived. You must be firm--rock, marble.' 'Never fear me,' replied the honest fellow, ' thofigh.I'd rather put my right hand in the fire than tell a lie to Miss Beatrice-still, if it is for her good, I'll not flinch. I bean't the ignorant, simple critter I wor,' he added,' when Sir Edward.sent I to London wi' a letter for Miaster Charley. Siberia be a rough school, bat a good one, and the Rooshians hard masters.' Satisfied with this assurance, Frank Moreland, who had made up his mind to 'keop, the distressing intellhgence even from:his wife, proceeded at once to the quarters of the commandant of B3alahlava, to whom he was personally known, and .readily obtained a day's liberty for Jack, whose joy was suffi clently tempered by hIs 'anxiety re ~sepecting ltheo fate of his young master to render hint cautious, and, in less than an hour presented himself at the house which had beei taken by a Greek agent for theio baroe?.;: It was a very fortunate circumstance that 5usan, who in her womanly sympathy for the feelings of her mis tress, resolve1 to be the first to impart~ the joyfnl intelligence, b6f.her meeting with Jack, had not remained to hear the conversation betwoon' Sir Edward . and her lover. There would have beeon no possibility of keeping a secret had shb shared in the keeoping of it. It. must have come out, dospite the promises and well.intentioned resolu-r tion she might have made to the con trary. Mary and the heiress had scarcely taken possession of thlib apartments in their new abode, when the 'iwaiting maid burst into the room, and, with a, sort of half hysterical giggle, threow herself upon one of the couches, ex olaiming ' I have seen liim I I have seen him I' (!V'o be Coentinihud). 