CRICKET. PORTLAND V. BRANXHOLME. On Saturday, the Portland Cricket Club rent a good team to Branxholme, and there, most unexpectedly, met with tbeir first defeat of the season. They had not James or S lingo with . . . " . 1 1 _ a j l. _ J Yi l tliem, nut, on me osoer nana, vney uuu nannin, a very capable bowler from the Mount Gambler district. Symington from Heywood, and a new big hitter, Gendall, so that the team was nearly, it not quite, as strong as any they have sent out this season. Add to this the fact that both Demp ster and lhmlrin were in grand form with the ball, that the wicket played very truly, and no chances were missed, and then It must be acknowledged that the hitherto victorious team were fairly beaten on tbeir merits. Mr. W. Skene, Branxholme, having won the tore from Mr. £lKiernin, sent the visitois to the wickets, and before they could be dislodged therefrom, they had scored 67. M'Kiernm and Jones made a long stand to commence with, but only placed 16 on the book before Jones 7, was bowled by Cameron. At 27, M'Kiernin, who had scored II in good style, received notice to quit, but Dempster continued playing a safe cricket-like game, and bis was the fourth wicket to fall, tbe total being then 4L Cruse and Symington batted patiently for 10 and!) respectively, and Gendall hit out for 7. As a howler E. Cameron was tbe most successful, 5 wickets for 21 runs, E. Gougb 1 for 6, and M'Lellau 2 for 23. W. Skene and Rippon were tbe first to go in for Branxholme, and had to face some really good bowling from Dempster and Phillips, and, subsequently, Ration. They played very steadily, how ever, and at the adjournment, the score 6 tood— Rippon 21, Skene 7, leg bye t On resuming, Skene was clean bowled by Dempster after batting in good defensive style for bis 7 runs. MXeUan joined Rippon, and tbe scoring became more brisk, Rankin baring, before lunch, taken tbe ball from Phillips. With the score at 45. Rippon bitontatatwistmg Kfl from Ban kin and was clean bowled. He got 29 without giving tbe ghost of a show. 32. Cameron filled tbe vacancy, but with tbe score at 47, M'Lellau was splendidly caught in the slips by M'Kiernin, having contributed 8» fil'Pherson joined Cameron, and bit out with great effect, bat at 54, Cameron 7, was run out. D. Skene came next, and tbe rapid scoring con tinned, one drive for 5 by M'Pherson being a beauty. At 69, however, the latter, having scored 14 in about five minutes, was c and b Dempster. D. Skene played in grand form for 9 and carried out bis bat. None of the others contributed more than 3, and the innings closed for 82, or 35 ahead. Phillips sent down four overs for 16 runs. Dempster bowled exceedingly well for a long time, but was safely played by the two first batsmen on the other ode, and be came to negotiate afterwards, although be still coii tinned straight; bis average vras 3 for 29. B.nlrin was the most successful, taking 6 for 35 runs. : .Jones' longs topping was very grand, he never .letting a bye be scored. Symington made ail active point, and saved many runs, whilst JlfKiemin e fielding was magnificent. In their second inmnps Portland made 87, .Dempster witn in, oeiog again evvid although Symington tied him. Cruse made 12 MKk!rnin 8, Archer, Gendall, Jones, and Beazlewood, 7 each. In this innings E. Gough bowled remarkably well, 6 for 39 runs, J. Gough got 1 for 9, and Rippon 2 wickets for 1 run. The fielding of the Branxholme men through out, was very fair, D. Skene's bang bnJlfont, and the same remark may fairly be applied to Power. As it bad been arranged to draw at 5 p.m., the Branxholme captain declined to play beyond that hour when asked to do so. That he was right in thus refusing was ad mitted by the Portland captain, and it would have been unfair to those members of his team - who resided at a distance, to have played very late. Subsequently,' it wa arranged to play the conquering match at Branxholme on Satnr, day, 14 th April, the choioe of ground being decided by a spin of the coin- As umpires, Messrs. Nicholson and Belinfantie gave eveiy satisfaction, .nd the losers, although very much, disappointed, took their beating, as good cricketers always should do, in good part. 