The Old Woman of the Sea. [From the Cornhill Magazine.} Nearly- every man, I should think, must some times feel in doubt as to whether he has not ordered the course of his life after an altogether erroneous fashion; and if He be as - I am, anold bachelor, £ hardly see how he is to escape such occasional misgivings, A sight—a sound—a scent suddenly takes us " back to those half-forgotten days when we were young; we call to mind what once was; we realise what might be now, had not this, that, and the other thing occurred, and we . find ourselves muttering under our breath, VAh, dear me! what a mistake it has all been, to be sure!" .. ' - I believe, indeed, that it was only the lively strains of . the Hungarian. bands which pre vented these.very words froin being heard to fall from my lips as I stood in the doorway of . a London ball-room, and watched Alice Wynne dancing Srith, young Charles Staple ton, to whom her engagement had been an nounced a few days before. It so happened that I myself had often danced in that very same house, I won't say how many years ago, when its present owners were in the nursery, when heads which are bald and grey now were as curly as Charles Staple ton's, and when a.host of .dead people were alive and merry; and standing there unnoticed, as dogs who have had their day must expect to he, I lost sight for a minute or two of the modern young men and women who were gyrating before me, and beheld the long room thronged with ghosts, among whom one es pecial ghost.may perhaps have been more prominent than the rest. I say'one can't avoid these memories and regrets. They come upon one when one least expects it, ana makeone feel most confoundedly foolish and uneasy. Asageneralthinglam pretty wellcon tented with my manner of existence, such as it is ; but'when: one is an old man and a rich man, and when:one sees Tom, Dick, and Harry with their sons and daughters about them, and their houses fall of friends, and with a hundred interests in life hot directly connected with their own persons, celibacy does somehow present itself to one in the light of a defiance; of obvious duty and destiny. Why I have never married is a ques tion which concerns no one except myself; hut I own .that I have sometimes doubted Whether my reason was. a sufficient one, and whether I. should hot have done better to take a wife—any wife. Dr. Johnson thought that if all marriages were arranged by the Lord Chancellor the result would be quite as satisfactory as that obtained from the ordinary English method, and I am not prepared to say that that, nnromantic philosopher was wholly in the wrong. There is no denying that matches of affection frequently tarn oat badly, wMlematch'eaof convenience frequently turn out well. One can't have everything in this give-and-take world, and the sight of two yonng people unmistakablyin love with each other, yet brought together by their elders from motives of the purest worldliness, is as rare a ■ one: as itis delightful to witness. „ So I leant against, the. doorway, absorbed in musings with which Stapleton and Miss Wynfie were only iri'part connected, until a brisk voice,at my elbow cried—"A penny for your thoughts, Geiieral Eivers! Do you bnow that you are looking quite senti mental,?!'. "I was looking at your daughter and Lord I Chmles, Mrs. Wynne," I said; foritwasthel mother of the bride-elect who had addressed I me. "Ah; dear child?"she sighed, "it is snch a happiness, to me.to see- her happy; and I know.you,rejoice with as, But this makes us seem terribly old, doesn't it." "Wei, you know, we ore rather old," I replied bluntly; ° and I don't think she quite liked it. ' The. truth is that Mrs. Wynne is a contemporary of my own, or thereabouts; hat I am bound to confess that .she looks a good ' twenty years younger. I glanced at her after I had made this uncivil remark, and I couldg not help admiring the marvellous perfections . of her make-up. Her face was painted, andflfi so were her-'delicately'traced eyebrows :°bntfl| the work betrayed the touch of a fioishedB artist.' "The brown hair which clustered!! in -little - curls .. all . over her headlfl and came .down, low upon her foreheacL., Was a> ;wig. most. likely, though it lookedH uncommonly natural; hut how on earth hadH| she. achieved those ^youthful shoulders andgS arms ? ,She wore a low dress—in fact, a very®! low dress-p-and I declare that the charmpl which she displayed .ihight have been those og a woman of five-and-twehty. Twas privilege; to behold a set of beautiful regular and pearl; teeth (false ones, I suppose) when she smile upon me and murmured— ■ "But not too old to be a little sentiment sometimes; eh, general?" I "Oh, I shall have occasional fits of sentil mentality up to my dying day, I expect. If| the "weather—or , the gout coming on ; ; if •?I r. * doesn'tmean anything/' I returned hastily for something .. in the woman's look aft manner affected me with a vague feeling o: alarm. " But she said—"Ah! don't' let us hi ashamed of having hearts and memories. Thi world makes us ml hard, whether we will o: no; but we need not boast of it. - Come an sit down in the next room, General Riveri and we will he sentimental together for" "quarter.of anhour." I saw no reason why we shouldn't. Wi retired into a: small, aimly-liguted houdo: adjoining.the ballroom, and talked very pleL santly about bygone days for more than thj allotted " quarter of an hoar. She made i good deal of pretence of being younger thai I was; she affected ignorance of events whib she could not'really have forgotten, and i ^ persons with whom I myself had seen hi flirting in the consulship of Plancus; bi she seemed to be interested in what I sai and showed more power of participating 1 my melancholy mood than I should ha given her credit for. I have always a mitted that Mrs. Wynne can be a ve: agreeable woman when she likes. TJ worst., of me- is .that I am so ea'sill imposed upon. Of course I knew that thi ■ shocking old sham was' likely to be as false i| her sentiment as she was in her person; yi when she spoke affectionately of the daughti whom she was about to lose, turning on a so: of ^remote'stop in her voice as she; did so when she appealed to me to say what she w to 'do'vrith her life after its chief interest hi been removed—and when she alluded with sigh to the.trials and sorrows which she ht passed through and, lived down—I w, touched.' I said to myself that one does m necessarily become a hardened reprobate h cause one. is. a little worldly. As far as thi went, wasn't Ialso a little worldly? thought I could enter into poor Mrs.Wynm -natural feeling . of, loneliness, and I wi ashamed of: the half suspicion which hi .entered my mind, for a moment that si might be setting.her cap—or rather her cur] wig—at me. Not, to.be sure,-that there would ha ' been anything very extraordinary in it if a had, seeing that many years before she hi married a man . considerably older than I a ' now. Thut was ' her second matrimonii venture—her first husband, a dashing yoi hussar, having broken his neck steep] chasing, I forget where. Old Wynne dii very soon after his little girl's birth, whi was an unlucky thing for seine people. T estates passed to his nephew, to spite whi he had married, and his widow.: was 1 bat scantily provided for. I fancy that si must Have found it a hard matter to keep head above water,-living in the way that did; but she managed it somehow, and no allowed herself to drop out of society. Wb 'Alice was old enough to come; out the i -ladies went to the first drawing-room • the season together: and I' think was then 'that; Mrs. - Wynne assumed 1 terpiisih'glyyohthfM'ierpect which caused hi when teen from'a sufficient distance, to loi ' like her daughter's younger sister, -Nodo; " she had to' swallow' down some snubs i slights ; forrshe was an impoverished worn who was bound to live like a modeteteiy""5 one, under penalty of beii^lorgotten, . . we all Imow how little, Jiercy is shown by world to thos^librdeliberately place 'tin selves in ^Alle positions, . Nevertheless, ' diu not suffer herself to he di&couraged;, now she had reaped the reward of her labi She h^d secured.a ^dsbahd'for her daughi whb.was'nbt bnlythe.ybunger son of a dr but was far .better off .than younger i generally. are/some member of his mothi family having left'Him a handsome perty. ... . I felt a genuine satisfaction at her suci for one likes to see pluck recompensed, . besides, I had Mrs. Wynne au life, though £ can't say that we had ever b : exactly-friends. After that .evening at , hall, however; she was pleased to treat quite like a friend—an intimate friend, deed. We never met anywhere that she not drpgmeoff into a corner,towhispersi confidentialpieceof information about Alii approaching nuptials, or to consult, me a; some point ,' fconhected ; w'itti. settlemei although one- would; havesupposed that' might hate obtained fromher solicitor all advice that she needed "upon such subjej . And,,th^n she .yfa? ^.alwpys sending me :.li unneceteariy hbte3i,i^C-,at ltet.ll ,grew r tively to loathe the sight bf^-the boff-coli ! envelopes which she i-used^Jabdl^Wilson, -man, smiled demurely- wbenhe handed t to me. Now,' if there is one thing that.! like.more.than another,:ifc'iS'1teijQgfaughi jby Wilson;; and •^hatwasper^ppreveu i cdissgtepable fw^atthat >tha:men at. the began to chaff meVmy old "fppqd„Oonin. .'in' parUcular'-Beibglexquisitely facetious '■qtiiriiig whether the,double: event wasto c .riff) on I Obliged Jd tell that kin : lthiLg;-beside^-beifigvluttferry j&|tle3«, ^ M'te fO mef t^ Avhibhl he replied tha „ .^tjtWc&rf; somebody dig '. catch hold ©£ your coat tails you'd be swal lowed up before , you knew where you were. Oar friend Mrs. Wynne is a good deal cleverer than yon are, I can tell you." "Very likely,"I returned; "I.neversaid she -wasn't." ' . " Yes; and she's a fascinating woman, too, .in her way." "I don't find her so," Isaid; "butlsuppose you do, for you are always talking to her. Perhaps you would like to marry her your self. If so, pray don't let me stand in your way." . Conington shook hishead with a wise smile. " I'm too old abird," he answered; "andshe knows that well enough. She won't waste time in trying to drop salt on my tail. She knows I recollect her ages and ages ago as an old thing with grey hair and false teeth that waggled at you when she talked. She goes in for being a sort of Ninon de l'Enclos now; \- but that won't do with me, you know." As far as that went, it wouldn't do with me, either; and, though I did not remember to have seen Sirs. Wynne in the stage de scribed, I was sure that, whether- she had de signs upon mo or not, I should never: fall a victim to her borrowed charms; Still I did \- feel that it would be a comfort when the wedding was over and the excuse for all these interviews and notes removed. To add to my discomfort, the ladies of my acquaintance be gan with one consent .to give me friendly warnings; and then, only a week before the day appointed for the ceremony, a very \- annoying thing took place. (To ie continued.) 