THE PROBLEM OF THE DAY. —Hamilton Spectator. The problem of the day is the growth of extreme by eida with extreme poverty, and those who look a little deeper than the surface perceive in the widening of the gulf between-.the two classes a fertile source' of future danger to the State.. No j particular form of Go v 0 r d men t-s ee m s to ’ be especially responsible. for'the* condition of 1 .things that has arisen, for it 19 the ' same in the. new republics aa in the- older constitu tional monarchies or tbo still more ancient Vanderbilt in America witlil big-fortune of 40 millions sterling, giving a dinner which cost £10/000 .* ip bis £800,000 mansion, to'all the wealthy men of the country .mcliiiling" the 'Astore. Jay Goulds, and'the' Great Bonanza silver kiags t ;:\vhoae aggregate wealth tots up .to hundreds s of millions;- 7 and* wHist the entertainment is proceeding there, are hundreds of miserable objects dying out side the palace gates from ‘ehe?r starvation; Id. England ? . wo * have the Rjthschildsj 'the Mvquia;. of .and ; many other rich men, , yet • almost side by'side with- their tbwn' mansions there 1 are large tracts’ given : over : to the reign of squalor, filth, and rag*—extensive areas inha bited by a dense population .where scarcely one well-dressed; or respectable person is to be sbsn. Who can wonder 3 tbat .where such a state of things exists, society is'said to be sleep* mg oyer* k volcano/and- that- such 'spectres as Nihilism, 'Socialism, Commuaigm, and .Fepianiam are , continually’ Eating -their, shadowy figures across . the banquetting table, likb'so many Bahquo’s ghosts. Such ‘ violent’ 1 contrasts have not been witnessed since the days of R ims uoder the Cccars, and the time may come when a terrible vengeance will be exacted for the past neglect of social questions, for it is an axiom all the world over that poverty and discontent are :the parents of revolutions. - One writer, Mr Francis Peck/ says :tbat the number of people .in. London who ore . half - fed, half 1 clothed, and steeped in: wretchedness, would amount to several great* armies.- ~ 