HOW A CZAR IS CROWNED. If the Nihilists do not carry out their threat of preventing the coronation of 'The Emperor nf All the Russias' that ceremony was to take place on Sunday. From a Rusai.in source tbe description may betaken as follows of bow Czars are manufactured : — luc great ceremony uas always neen per formed in the Church of the Holy Assump tion, within the walls of the Kremlin at Moscow, The great Kremlin is an octngon plot of ground of many acres on a high elevation, surrounded by high walls and fortifications, aud contains four Crown palaces, three cathedrals, the headquarters of the Imperial Guards, the Governor's residence, a university, and a number of mouaateries and nunneries. The appearance of the Kremlin is very striking, as the walls are white, the fortifications emerald green, tne eutrauces rose-tinted, and the roofs of tbe cathedrals gilded, the whola forming a wonderful combination. The coronation procession begins to form at the cavalry barracks, four miles distant from the Kremlin. Karly in the day appointed for the cere mony Bixty heralds, mounted on cream coloured horses aud commanded by a mastor of ceremonies, appear before the gates of the barraoks and blow a salvo, upon which tbe colonel of the regiment appears -ind asks what they want of him. 'The Czir com mands thee follow me,' is the answer, aud tliegatesnre thrown open and the regiment, whuh his been exiiectiug the suinnmnd L'allops out and follows the heralds The heralds then proceed to tbe Imrraeks of the Lancers, where the same thing takes plaoes, then to the university, then to Cathedral of St. Nicholas, where tbe clergy join the procession, then to the law courts, where tbe Judges fall in, then to the headquarters of tbe marshals of the nobility, the stuff officers, the several professions, the govornors, tbe prefects, the deputations from every part of the empire, the trade guilds, &o;,, each body joiuiug at a separate place, and all being summoned by the heralds, as in the first case. Tbe procession goes on swelling until it reaches enormous proportions, so much so that when tha head of it arrives at the Kremlin the tail is still at the other end of the town. Arriving at St. Demetrius gate they find it closed. The heralds then blow their trumpets, and the commander of the citadel appears and demands what they want, to which the crowd re plies, 'The Czar.' ' And what for ?' asks tho commander. 'To crown him the most powerful of th« powerful,' is tho reply, and the gates fly open. The Metropolitans o£ Moscow, Kazan, Novgorod, and the Kieff hero head tho procession, and, with the depu tations from every part of the Empire, they advance to the palaco and form in front of it. Tlieso deputations coiuist of Russians, Rou manians, Kirghiz, Chinese, Mingrolians, Bashkirs, Poles, Georgians, Circassians, Calmucks, Armenians, 'Turkomans, Tartars, Ksquinmux, Afghans, Bulgarians, Laplanders, Mongolians, Fii-ns, Persians, and Bokharians, all in their respective national costumes. The Metropolitans then advance and call upon tho Czar to come forward, upon which he appears at the portico, dressed in the uniform of a Colonel of tlio Imperial Guards, with tho Km press, dressed as a Russian peusant, on his arm. The instant the deputations are aware of the Imperial presence they kneel, and being asked of the Czar what they want ol him, the Metropolitan of Moscow replies that they have beon sent f roin far and wide to see their Ozar anonintcd, so that they can return to their homes and assuro those who sent them that the Cznr is verily the Lord's anointed, and that they may obey none but him. Thence all proceed to the Cathedral of 'the Holy Assumption, the Czar and Czarina walking between the Bishops and ' the deputations, , Arriving at the church, the Czar and his wife are shown to ordinary thrones near those of the Bishops, and the special service immo diately begins. After the first lesson is read the Metropolitans conduct the Emperor and Empress to a canopy of scarlet velvet, richly embroidered in gold, the principal figure being tbe double headed Russian eagle Under this cauopy is an elevated platform upoh which are the historical throne of the Czar Vlandimir Monomague and an ordinary arm-chair for the Empress, also a table upon which are the sceptre and crown of Con 8tantinus Monomacuus, a sword and a mantle of ermine. The nobles now advance from the south of the catherir.il, and surrounding the platlorm, draw tbeir swords and place them at the feet of the Czar. The Bishop : of Kazan then asks tbe Emperor in a loud voice if he is a true believer, to which he replies by reading; the Lord's Prayer and the Apostlen'Oreedof the Greek Church. The Bishop next says : — 'If there be any of you here present knowing any impediment for which Alex ander, son of Alexander (or other name), should not be orowned by the grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat of all thu Rusains, of Moscow, of Kieff. of Vladimir, of Novgorod ; Czar of Kazan, of Austrakhan, of Poland; of Siberia, of Khorson-Taurida, of Grousi : Gosoudar of P«koff; Grand Duke of Smolensk, of Lituania, of Volhynia, of Podolia, and of Finland ; Prince of Esthonia, of Livonia, of Courland, of Semigalia, of the Samoyedes, of Bi^ost'ik. of Cwtlin, of Foer, of Ingor, of Perm, of Viat.ka, of Bulgaria, and of o'Her countries ; Master and Grand Dnku 'f the Lower Countries in Novgorod, of Teherniuoff. of Kinzm. of Polotsk, of Rostoff of Jarosloff. of .Bielosersk, of Oudoik, of Obdnr-k of -ohdisk, of Virelsk. of Mastilnff, and of all th* countries nf the \01th; Muster Absolute of Iversk, of Ki.s ?tulnsk. of Kabardinsk, and of the: territory of Armenia ; Sovereign of Mountain Princei of Tcherkask ; Muster of Turkestan. Heir Presumptive of Norway, and Duke of Schloswlg-Holstein, of Stormnine. of Dith marso, and of. Oldenburg, let hime come forward now, in the name of the Holy Trinity, aud show what the impediment is, or let him r. main dumb for ever I' This is repeated three times, and npon no objection being raised, he lays his hand npon the head of the Czar, who immediately kneels. At this point the Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mat tie of ermine from the table and throws it over the kneeling Czar, saying : ' Cover and protect thy people as this robe covers and protects thee.' The Emperor replying, ' I will, I will. I will, God helping,' and kissing the prelate's hand, The Bishop of Novtorod now places the sceptre in the Czar's hand, saying : ' May thine hand which hoi 1s this wither the day tbou art unjust;' the answer being, ' Bo it so,' after whioh the Bishop of Kieff places the crown u» ?- 1 the Emperor's head. At this point the Empress kneels beside her husband, who partly covers her with the cloak of ermine, and also holds his crown above her head for a few seconds, without, however, placing it upon her head. The Czar and Czarina remain in prayer for several minutes amid a deadly silence, and tbe instant they rise to their feet bishops, nobles, deputations, clergy, and all present kneel to them, shouting, J'Long live the Czar.' The cry is taken up by the hundreds of thousands who are outside, the heralds sound their trumpets, suns are fired, and bolls are rung. The Czar commands the people to rise, and is again surrounded by the nobles, who receive their swords back from the Imperial bands, the Emperor saying, 'It is thy country's,' to which the nobles reply, ' and my Czar's.' Mass is again reaumed, and the Emperor proceeds alone to the altar, passing through the golden gates of the Iconostasini, which are closed behind him thus biding him from view. Here, after par taking of the Holy Communion the Metro politan of Moscow anoints his head, temples, eyelids, lips, nostrils, «ars. breast, and hands, saying : ' Behold the seal of tha Holy Ghosts may it keep thee ever holy.' The gates of the Iconostaaini are re-opend, the Czar appears before them, and is hailed with shouts of ' Thou art verily by the 'Lord anointed.' The Empress advances to the ? sanctuary aud kneels t) her lord, who bids her rise, and they walk out of the cathedral arm in arm. At the door is a gilded chariot drawn by twelve white horses, into which they enter, the princes, other members of the imperial family, foreign monaruhs, guests, &c;, en tering other State chariots. The procession agnins forms as it did on approaching the Kremlin, and, with its now additions, moves slowly through the gaily. decorated town. According to an old custom, the Czar's carri age, instead of being guarded by troops, is surrounded by 100 maidens belonging to the best Russian families, all dressed iu white and holiday garlands of flowers. Court balls and receptions begin in the evening and last for a fortnight, after which the Court returns to St. Petersburg. 