CLEANINGS. , : Dr. Biiicaa,'a Giiost Story.— -Dr. Briggs, i when quartered.!!) the Hill Country, used to meet once, a week with the officers, and others, \- the custom being to breakfast at each other's booses after the sport was over; On the day .far Br-.B.'s turn to receive his friends ho awoke at dawn anusaw a figure standing at his bed side. Having, rubbed his eyes to .mako biuo that he was,,,awako, he got up, crossed the room and washed his face in cold water. He then turned, and, Beeing, the samo figure, ap proached it, and recoguiHod n sister whom he had left in England, Ho uttered some ex- cfamation and foil down in a swoon, in whkh stato ho was found by the sorvant who oaina to call him for tho hunt.' Ho was of coursa unable to join his hunting friends, who, whoa at breakfast on their return, rallied him as to the cause of his absence. In tho midst of tho talk ho suddenly looked up aghast and said in a trembling voice : " Is it possible that none of yon sco the woman standing there f ThCy all dcclnred tlicro was no one. "I tell you there IB ; she is my sister. I beg you all to make a note of this, for we shall hear of her death " All present, sixteen in nnmber, of whom Sic John Malcolm was one, mado an entry int. their note books of tho occurrence and exact date. Somo months after this, by the first mail from England that could bring it, cawa the news that the siator had died at the very time of the vision, having on her death-bed ex. pressed a strong wish to nee her brother and to leave two young children in his charge.— From tho Life of Professor Ue Morgan. The Story op an English Cannidal — Tha following vivid story of cannibalism at sea is published by the Philadelphia Press as taken down from tho lips of a " wolvish looking English sailor," who the other day aesbsted a reporter with tho remark, "I'm a lost man sir ; I'm an unfortunato man, and likewise a cannibal." On being questioned the sailor spoke as follows " My name is Arthur Gan- delheart. I was born at Deal on the south cna3t of England, and went first to sea in a fishing smack when only ton years old. I liked the life, nnd when I was eighteen I shipped aboard an East Indiaman and mado Boveral long voyageB. I worked hard in my spnra timo to master navigation, and passed for a mate's certificate before I was twenty- three. In tho fall of 1870 I shipped a3 mate on tho AVhittlcsca, an English barque, and sailed from Plymouth for Melbourne with a general cargo. Wo carried a crow of nineteen men all told, and mado a good run down as far as tho Cape of Good Hope. After rounding tho Capo tho wind freshened, and a heavy galo continued for three dayB. Then tile galo cnlminatod in a perfect hurricane. One Friday morning a huge wave mado a clean sweep- of tho dock, carrying away tlio compass, tho wheel house, and smashing up both the boats on the port side. The captain, who was on the poup, was washed, overboard, and wo neves even got a sight of him again. In tliis extre mity I took command, but as her steering gear wa3 damaged and she would not answer to the newly rigged wheel, I let her run before tlio wind. I nevor was on a vessel before or since when so much water carno aboard. About midnight tho wind died out with a remarkable suddenness. By four,' in the morning I found that under the most favorablo circumstances I could not hope to keop lier above water for more than an hour. Wo had but just time to get the last -boat afloat when she heeled over to starboard. Four of tho sailors and myself got into the boat and shpvcd her off, as tho barque immediately went down with all flie others on board. As the day dawned we found ourselves alone on the ocean, without food or water. By midday the sea \- was quite calm, and there was not a breath of wind on the water. Wo now prayed as heartily for a breezo as. we had' longed for fair .woather. We strained onr eyes continually, hoping to sight a passing vessel, but uo such welcome vision met our view, I rigged a jury mast with a spare oar, divided the men into watohes, and foil asleep. I was so thoroughly worn but that it waB dork before I woke. Tho men were complaining of hunger aud thirst, Two of them insisted on drinking salt water, although I tried hard to dissuade thciu, Tlio next day they became delirious, and tho fol lowing day went raving mad, attacked me with the greatest ferocity, and finally jumped over, board, and although we tried to get them back into the boat, they perished miserably. Tho three of us that wero left now suffered horri bly from thirst and hunger. I had on a pair of long sea hoots, and I cut the tops into strips and we chewed tha leather, but it affor ded us uo relief. Tho salt oily taste of tho Ioather only aggravated my thirst. During the fourth night after leaving tho barque ono of the two sailors, a .Swede, became very ill. Ho complained of cramps fu the stomaoh, and his shriekB of agony wero terrible to hear. Wo tried to make him as comfortable as we could, and wrapped him in the sail and laid liim in the bottom of the boot. When morn ing came the poor fellow I could seo was dying ; he had no pain; but was so weak ho could scarcely whisper. I was horrified to sco the way that the other man glared at him as ho lay in the bottom of tho boat, breathing heavily, deathly pale, and with Iris eyes closed. He edged over to mo and whispered in my oar. ' He will be dead in an hour, and, then wo won't bo hungry any. longer.' I shuddored and pushed the human brute away from mo with a threatening gesture. 'I ho sick man opened his eyes aud motioned mo to approach him, I bent my ears to his lips and lio faintly whispered, 'You'll wait until I die, won't you!' I heard what ho said. I took his hand in mine and said tliat whilo I lived ho was safo. Tha sun was high in the heavens when ho breatbod his last. I was now grow, ing very weak myself and I must havo fainted awny, for it was growing dark when I was aroused by my companion shaking me, ' Go and help yourself,' he said, pointing to tho bow of the boat, where beneath tho sail I could see the outlines of tho dead man's form. What was I to, do 1 To realise my position you must have been through a liko oxporionco yourself. Our lives woro saved, but at. what a cost? Evcnnow my flesh creeps when I think of our life during tho next tlirco days. Tho. calm continued, and wo drifted about aimlessly— two live men — cannibals — adrift on tho broad ocean." At this point Gandelheartpnsscd his hand across his forehead oh which great heads of perspiration stood ' out liko drops of dew. " On tho morning, of tha seventh day, after loaving the barque, we.sigh.tcd a steamer bear ing down upon us.-- An hour later wp wero solo on board, nnd before night I was in bod with brain fever. Three- weeks inter we were put nshoro- at Plymouth, aud I -lay- ten weeks in the hospital between life and death. A Board of Trade inquiry as to the: loss of the Whittle- sea was held in England, and tho facts bccamo Sublio property. Since then. I have been In a ozen different ships, bub ones. a. woek, or oftcncr, I go through tho, horrid oxporionco in my sleep, and. tell the dread story far moro realistically than. I havo given, it to you. After that tho men Bhun mo, and I cannot lead an cndurahlo life iii any ship that flails. « I can got back to! England p shall go back to Deal and getin tho fishing trade, again.' J. J folks all know me thoro, and , pity ipy fortunes instead of condemning mo for doing that wbioliX could not help," 