Warrnambool. (From our own correspondent.) February 19. We had great rejoicings on Thursday, when Warrnambool was proclaimed a town ... the united aid of the town clerk, the town mayor, and Joe Ballis, the town crier. This event has been the magnum opus of some of her citizens. I hope they are better now they have attained it. People are asking "What's the good of it ?" Well, the good as far as I can see, is that there is no harm in it and that it is a practical refutation of the croakings of some old dotards, who have outlived their usefulness and fame, who say the town is going to the deuce, and the ... to Belfast. But this world is full of contrarieties. The secretary of the Warrnambool Board of ...vice, the other day, told his colleagues with unblushing effrontery that he did not write to the Education department "directly or indirectly, nor did he cause to be written any other than a letter just read." That ...ber stated that a meeting of the Board of ...vice had been called, but there being no quorum, no expression of opinion bad been cited on the subject of the cattle yards ... It would seem now, that the corres- pondent of the Warrnambool Board of ...vice — if the testimony of the Secretary for Education can be believed — had written the following ungrammatical sentences to the department: — "I am of opinion that the site is altogether unsuited, and an improper one for such a purpose, inasmuch as it is in the very heart of the borough, and to which cattle would be driven to and from continually, and past which a large ...ly of school children have daily to pass and re-pass in attending school, and it could be dangerous, and also cause a nuisance to exist, and might be hurtful to health and be a most unsightly structure to be erected in immediate vicinity of our handsomely-constructed State school. I certainly think the Department should object to the Raglan Parade site being used for such a purpose as cattle-yards." How is that for a— a— lie— or a contrariety? And as pretty a piece of lying as one does ... desire to see or hear often occurred in our County Court the other day. Why would our Courts of law be hot-beds of lying? I suppose because people are there sworn to tell the truth. In the case A. Fletcher v Archibald and Batemen, wherein the plaintiff sued for commission on the sale of property in the estate of W. H. Lock, both parties swore positively, emphatically, and persistently. The litigants were young people; but Oh, the sorrow of it, my masters, one or the other must have lied — and that horribly. The Judge remarked upon the un- seemliness of negotiating for the sale of the dead man's chattels before his body was cold. But that incident must be excused under the cold unsympathetic term "business." ... the spirits of the departed are permitted to revisit the earth, one could imagine the ghost of William Henry Lock hovering about the precincts of the Court House — for he was a litigious soul, and seldom absent from it — and may be prompting the eu- phemism of the disingenuous litigant, he being wont to cut things very nice himself when matters were going against him. Many have wondered why those sar- cophagus-looking things in Merri-street have not been allowed to fulfil the purposes for which they were erected. They are the town surveyor's inception of what watering- troughs should be, but there is no water in them. The then borough council was in- structed to construct them at a cost of £90, and ex-Mayor King was confiding enough ... go bail that the farmers would pay ... half their cost. I should have thought ... astute a gentleman would have known ...olic human nature better. He reviled them in the Council chamber, the other evening, for their perfidiousness, and advised the Council to cut them off from water for ever, or until they pay the £35 they are entitled by their promises to do. Don't follow Cr. King's haggling lead, Town Councillors! Fill the troughs; let the thirsty cattle drink, and leave the rest to the consciences of the farmers, if they have any. It is evident we have no faith in phre- nology. Mr. A. S. Hamilton and his wife have been burning to give a Warrnambool audience a taste of their abilities in that art. But they have piped and piped in the local paper, by placards and photographs, and the Town-crier, but no one will dance atten- dance at the Orderly-room to have their bumps told, and their virtues paraded. And yet the good people are said to trans- cend all others in the business. Their mission to us will remain a sealed book, for they depart hence without having unfolded it. That ghost is still walking. It is now said to resemble a nun, and to fall on its knees and count its beads at intervals. If there are any nuns on the rampage, I should say it would be easy to detect the weak sister. However, the little mystery remains unexplained, though the astute Constable Heaver has been working up the case. We have another mystery to clear up. The upper clothing of Mr. Charles Curtis a pro- duce buyer at the Tramway, was found on the beach on Sunday, and the body of Curtis with shirt and trousers on, was said to have been discovered in kelp and surf near the mouth of the Hopkins, half-a-mile from the clothing. The sea is too high and the back wash of too dangerous a nature, to admit of any boat living near where the body was seen, and the chances are that poor Cnrtis, who had been drinking for some time prior to his going a missing, will not be heard of again till the day of resurrection. 