MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. The Aubtbal.-The work of stripping the collar dam, and getting the pumps io working order in their new position, waa continued at the Austral on Monday forenoon. During the day it wa» dis- covered that the veiiel waa getting buoyant, and inclined to move, and as that might prove risky, with nil the top weight she bas upon her, it was decided to mo»e har higher up. This was done at high tide, bstwsen 4 and 6 o'clock, when the vessel was taken in tow by the steam tugs and shitted about a leagth further up Neutral Bay. The fore part of the main deck is now about nine fest above water. It ii intended this afternoon at high tide to take the vessel further up the bay into shallower water.-Htrald. An Alleged Injustice,-A correspondent writes to the Echo:- An application wob beard in the Supreme Court on Saturday by a solicitor of Scot- land, for admission to practise na a solicitor in the celony, and the applicition was refused. It would seem that the rules of our Courts are such that solici- tors from any country village in England or Ireland can readily obtain admission, whilst only those solici- tors of Scotland who are lucky enough to belong to a society called the Society of Writers to the Signet, are admitted. This is surely anomalous. It would be out of all reaion were we to bave laws or rules prohibiting mechanics or tradesmen from the mother country, except such as shall belong to som« particular trades union, to follow their vocations in the colony ; and that such a rule should be applied to the professions ii not less unreasonable. Solicitors are equally with Writers to the Signet " entitled to practise in any court of law in Scotland" (bo says the Act under wbich they are qualified), and this being the case, we fail to bb» why democratic Now South Wales should lend itself to favour feudallstic societies in any way. The sooner the rule of the court ia al- tered, and this anomaly removed, the better. Fatal Gun Accident at FORBES.-Between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon of Thursday last, just as people were returning from the show which bad been held in the P. and A. Society's show ground, a report was whispered that a fatal accident bad occurred to young Percy Lewis, son of Mr. James Lewis, of Rankin- street, whilst out shooting. It appears that Mr. Hunt, head teacher of the Public school, accompanied by his son, Mr. A. Hunt, of the A. J. S. Bank, Ernest M'Lean (son of Mrs, M'Lean, of Euabalong), Albert Fraser (son of Mr. James Fraser, of Forbes), and Percy Lewis, went out very early on Thursday morning for a day's shooting. Everything passed off well until the middle of tbe afternoon, when, as the party were passing the lagoon in the pound paddock, young Hunt and Lewis got out of the buggy to see if they could not have a last shot before starting for home. Not being successful Mr. A. Hunt got into the buggy, putting his gun between himself and his father against the front seat, and took the reins. Young Lewis was getting in at the back, and while sitting down and at the same time putting his gun with the others over the front seat, it is supposed that the butt of bis gun hit the hammer of a loaded one in front, causing it to go off. Immediately after the report M'Lean jumped out of the buggy (young Fraser was riding on horse- back near by), and Mr. Hunt, looking round, saw Percy Lewis falling on to the seat, with a stream of blood pouring out from the side of his head. Mr. Hunt at once got into the back of the buggy, and raised the poor fellow, at the same time endeavouring to staunch the blood by means of a handkerchief. The deceased never spoke or moved afterwards, and death must have been instantaneous. The body was removed to the residence of Mr. Hunt, and an inquest held, when a verdict of acci- dental death was returned. Mobb Watbb.-We are glad to bo able to state that our townsman Mr. H. C. Armstrong has been successful in procuring a splendid supply of good water on his Roseberth station, Queensland, at a depth of l8 (set. Roseberth consists of 770 Bquare miles of very fine country, in the Gregory 8outh district, about ten miles west of the Diamantina, and stretching to the South Australian Border. On the 8th instant we noticed the sale of Wigngomorio by Mesara. Campbell and Osborne to Messrs. Mcgregor, Ronald, and Co., of Melbourne, a station adjoining Roseberth, The prospect of procur- ing a plentiful supply of water all over Roseberth at a comparatively shallow depth appears almost certain from the success that has attended trial shafts in the immediate neighbourhood. At Gnarrowie, on the South Australian border, a little to the south of Roseberth, good water hoB been pro- cured at a depth of 13 feet. Although the country is comparatively new, it has all been taken up, and is being rapidly stocked with cattle, But, with the early prospect of the South Australian railways reaching Birdesville, on the border, and tbe move- ment that baa already taken place to substitute sheep for cattle on the runs in the district, keeping in view the suitableness of the country for sheep, it may be reasonably anticipated that in a very few years the whole of Gregory South will be occupied by that kind of stock.- Wilcannia Times. Qualifications of Mastbb Mabinbbs.-Some statements were made during the hearing of a case at the Metropolitan Quarter Sessions yesterday (says Tuesday's Btrald) which astonished Judge Dowling, and will equally astonish most other people. A defendant, a master mariner, was being prosecuted for personation at the recent election for East Sydney; and in extenuation of the offence one of his witnesses urged that defendant could neither read nor write, although he was a master mariner holding a certificate, and a pilot licensbd for several ports and rivers along our coBBt. The Judge thought it was a wonderful thing that a man who could neither read nor write should be the licensed master of a vessel and aleo act as pilot. From what another witness, a Custom- house officer, said in court, it would appear that the Marine Board does not regard such ignor- ance bb at all to be despised, for this witness stated that there were numbera of master mariners on our coast who wera similarly ignorant. One question that naturally presents itself is, of what use are sailing regulations, however ctiretuUy prepared by a marine board, to men wbo cannot read them, or tell when they have them upside down or not ? To such men codes of Bignals must be little better than Egyptian hieroglyphics are to most people; and yet it is considered necessary to issue sailing regulations and codes to ensure safe navigation and tbe protection of life and property. An Extensive Robbeby at H6Babt,-Shortly after 10 o'clock on Friday r' jht, February 23, infor- mation was given to the police (says the Hobart Mercury') that nearly ¿300 had been stolen from a drawer in one of the rooms in the General Washington Hotel, Collins and Murray streets. It appears that between 9 and IO o'elock on the night in question two men entered tha hotel referred to. One of them called for something to drink, and tendered a ¿5 note in payment. Mr. Howard waB absent at the racecourse where be had a refreshment booth, and Mrs. Howard having no change in the bar till, went upstairs to get some. Mr. and Mrs. Howard had not banked any of thsir takings since the beginning of January, but kept the money in a drawer in a bedroom, and Mr. Howard believes that there was in this drawer on Friday night nearly ¿300. How the thieves became aware of this fact hsB not transpired. It seems, however, that they knew something of the fact, for when Mrs. Howard went upstairs one of the men stepped outside and found what room she went to, by watching the light in the window. After receiving the change one of themen pretended to be very drunk, and kept Mrs. HowBrd'eassistant busy answering the bell and waiting on bim. Thus, having engaged the attention of one of the females, the second man appears to have watched his opportunity, and wben Mrs. Howard was busy attending to ber customers, slipped upstairs and found that Mrs. Howard had not only forgotten to lock the door of the room, but bad actually left the drawer open. He thereupon took all the money, gold, silver, end notes, from the drawer ; and, having secured hiB plunder, joined his mate, when both quietly left the hotel, and have not since been beard of. Shortly afterwards Mrs. Howard, remembering that she had left the drawer and door unlocked, went upstairs to remedy her error, and found all the money gone. ThbFloopbin Gebmant.-The floods in Baden hove been most disastrous. The correspondent of tha Frankfort Journal gives nnoccountof a voyage he made with » relief party. The first village they reached was called Friesenheim, and there tbey rescued a number of persons. Houses were continual'y falling in. Then they went to Oppau, and in both places they distributed provisions to wie starving people. Here again houses were crashing in, and the cries for help were terrible to hear. But they bad to burry on, organising relief parties in each ploce they visited, making the most of the precióos da\ light while it Instad, At half-past eicht in the evening thr»y returned worn-out to Friesenheim, but found the river still rising. The Correspondent fails to compute the losa of lue ; ut ' in the neighbourhood he visitad it seem-d to be about 15. In one case father, mother, and six chil- dren were all drowned. In another case five persons tried to escape on a floating waggon, but they, too, were sacked into the rushing waters. In another cass 300 persons were rescued from s flooded village by tbe brave exertions of a rowing club. The coast of Newfoundland and the shores and headlands of the Bay of St. Lawrence are described in a Canadian official report as being not only dangerous, but so desolate and barron that sailors wrecked thoro ate in danger of perishing from hunger and cold, if they escape the fury of tho waves. Many have frozen or starved to death before they could pénétrât« to tha Interior or wero rescued. Tho region ii full of such traditions, and the suptratitlous seo ghosts in every storm. Life-saving stations are to be established. 