Holly and Mistletoe. MR. E. D. Marquand delivered himself as follows on "Holly and Mistletoe"-holly as necessary t.» Christmas as plum pudding, and mistlotoousod in "jus tifioationof certain mysterious rites and coremonios of untold antiquity." (Laughter.; Tho name "holly"" seems intimately oonnectod with " holy," and the tree "s said to symbolise resurrection, or perhaps moro 001 reotly, from its evergreenness, immortality. Its UFO in the decoration of ohurohos, although ot great anti- quity, would Beem to bo of pagan origin, and is by some thus explained :-Tho Romana dedicated tho holly to Saturn and used it lareely in the decoration < for his festival, which was held about Christmas-tide. The early Christians worshipping in secret, and i t fear and trembling, docked their water with holly in order to avoid detection and punishment. In Argyh - shire there is a prophecy that when a partioular holly tieo near Inverary censes to exist, ' an I when certain other things come to pass (some of whioh have already cometo pat-s), " thon shall til the Argyle Campbells bo destroyed, excepting f" » many as shall escape upon a crooke I and Jamo white horso. And it is statui i ^ on trustworthy authority that son o years ago tho roots of the particular tree were exposed and loosened by tho tide, and it was in danger of falling, but the grandfather of the present Duke of Argyle insisted on an awkwerd bend being mado in the line of publie road to avoid the necessity of cutting it down. Near Dalston. in Ñ< r .humt er'ani, thero is a til'ok holly bu-ih consisting of several trees close t-jgether, and it i* said to have served as a post-office for the ! passngo oflo'tTi between the rebels and their friends during the troubled tirrel of 1715 and 1745. In ancient thiel branches of loly ve.*o as ene i to houses to de"orul them frcm 1 >¡htni"og, and as a protent'o i aga'nat witorcra t. AB to the mit tie o , Mr. Mar quand said, although 'connnorly supjo'ed to be dependent up- n the cak, it ia rarely found upon t" attreo ¡"mt more'general iv by far upon m« upplo. It was held * vor/ sacro I by tie ancient Brilon*, - who ' atbered it with solemn cer - monies, cutting it with golden sickles, and never allowing itto touch or lall to the gr<utid. The piioBts'dis- tributed pieces ot it among the people as charm 8 agaic at ad 'soases and windi . oraf *-. ¡Tradit'o i says that. son ehow Devonshire incurred the arger o i > .> Druids, who cursed it and i'olbaUo tho mistletoe ever to grow there.j Whether Cornwall was included in this terrible anathema he could not say. but certainly mistletoe is not native of that county, although it has been plantod and i-, hu believed, now growing within a veiy ^ few miles of Penzance. Tho etymolopy of the word is nncortain, but the most . likely derivation is from an Anglo-Saxon word signifying " different ' twig or branch" from the parasitism of tin plant. The legendary lore connected with mistletoe isvaried and extensive, the earliest notice of the plant beintr .found in the "Prose Edda," the Baored book of the religion of Odin and Thor, the legend being that of the death of Baldur, who was killed by a dart made of misth toe. A remnant of this lcgond is still extant in North Germany to this very day, where it is believed that a man provided with a piece of mistletoe eau' never bo wounded, whilst his own weapons cannot, fail to take effect. In Holstein it is believed that anyone hold- ing a piece of mistlofcoo in his hand will have the power of seeing spoctros-a very healthy and invi- gorating sort of second sight. (Laughter.) There ia, continued Mr. Marquand, one pleasing custom, which although of unknown antiquity, still remains in aotivo operation and unabated vigour. It shows no signs of waning, nor is it dosirablo that it should, for it is a great and important faotor in all Christina1* festivities. Tho origin of the custom is veiled in obscurity, but a sprig of mistletoe justifies the per- formance of a cerornony, the description of which must on this ocoasijn bo dispensed with. Doubtlos' it ia a relic of heathendom, but doubtless it ia also one which tho world "will not willinely lot die." (Laughter.) After noticing that mistletoe is the only evergreen tho use of which is forbidden in ohuroh de ooration, Mr. Marquand concluded, "We think to ourselves how strange it must be in Australia tohavo garden partios and pic-nics at Christmas under a, broiling sun. Whatovor amount of enjoyment thero muBt bo, it hardly roalises our idea of a merry ChriBt mas-liino. After all give us Old England with iU frost and snow, or if we cannot got that, even with its rain and slush-for wo can draw close to the fire and toll ghost stories to tho rising generation, whilst abovo the whistling of the storm oomes a Btrange sound of shuffling f eot, and then we suddenly remem- ber that a big bunch of mistletoe is hanging in the» hall."-" Cornish Telegraph." 