EPITOME. Sir Arthur Kennedy iB dead. Mori's statuo unveiled Saturday. Austral, redivivus, sailed Saturday. Nevcrtire to Nyngan railway extension opened Satuidav. Ninety-one horses arrived yesterday by the steamship Hauroto from New Zealand. The want of publicans' doorlamps is distinctly felt on dark nights after 11, notwithstanding street lamps. The Mayor ia to have a gold chain of office. Wo are becoming lesthetically luxurious in this hemisphere. Darkness at the corner of King and Pitt streets after 11 p.m. can nlmost be felt. Wariey's, Punch's, aud Callngban's lights all out by the new Tho natives of Anam, with whom tho French are now at war, are said to bo the worst built and the ugliest of thn members of the Mongolian rocp. Tho model lodging-house in Kent-street has been dubbed the " Kentish Club," as its present tide lacks the air distingue to accord with the beau mantle style of its patrons. Tho City Council are asking the Government to place a lamp at tho tramway stopping place, College-street, and south Bido of Oxford-Btreet. A very necessary improvement. Sutherland, the Epping (Tas.j murderer, waa engaged to be married at the time of tho commis sion of hiB crimeB. Hia betrothed ought to con gratulate herself upon his " taking-off." Underneath a scaffolding in King- stroet : — Workman to footpassangera below : " Look out, we aro agoin' to lift a board." Fellow workman : " Never mind the people, null the board up." Sudden exit of people to tho opposite pa re. The samples of South Australian products, in cluding 200 varieties of wineB, preferred fruits, vegetables, Ac., for a luncheon to tba,pres3 of India, hp.vo been got ready for shitim'ent per R.M.S. Bullaaiat. A vegetable vendoi'a vehicle came to grief in Maruaif-t- street on Sntuvdny. Hnviny gained the sum nut . f . l;t bill the Bhuiu U tut «..« « heaved up," and pitched out its contents, tho result beng that the oranges and lemons, which was its orin- cipal cargo, raced down nearly as far as the brinr waters of the harbonr. Dr. Hughes says that the Spiritualists are in telephonic communication with " the other world " but their Information is not very reliable. The exchange has not begun to pay dividends as yet and tbe electric wire, which was supplied by con: tract, ia a job not up to much. Some ghosts are hunting up tho contractor, and intend to make it warm for him. At the annual meeting of the Suez Csntl Com pany, Baron de Les'eps stated that the company bad decided upon a definite reduction of tariff for vessels passing through the canal. A special com mittee has been appointed by tbe company to draw up a report upon the feasibility of constructing a second canal, and the report of this committee will be submitted in a few days, Kate Kane, n Milwaukic female lawyer, took offence because the judge had allotted a male attorney instead of herself to defend a burglar. She threw a glass of water squarely in his face' sByinp, " Tako that, you dirty dog ; you have in-' sulied me." The judge fined her 5"dol and costs for contempt, and directed the sheriff to "take that creatine ont of this ourt," She refused to pay the fine, preferring to " rot in gaol first," At the Jlaymr-rket on Saturday night:— "All the known diseases of the human frame ori»incto by the inaction of the liver. Everybody acknow ledges that these pills cure every ailment arising from this Ecource." " Everybody don't neknow- ledge it," quoth a new-chum in the audience, " I rinvi't " ' tilt I ffontlomnn hara ia \f» Ys>n.nl..j- """ '» fc ..v atf-Vljruujy, I've hern looking for him all over the world," Deep blushes, and exit new-ohum. Although Alderman Mulder, of Waterloo, has frequently a very objectionable way of exptessin" himself. His remarks occasionally contain a great deal of truth. At the meeting of the Council held on Friday night, nn application for the use of a hall for tbe purpose of giving an entertainment for the benefit of an indigent family, came on for discussion. Aldermen Harrisky and Cole moved thntu reduction of one-half Ire made in the charge. "Bunkum," said Alderman Mulder, "rules are laid down which cannot be deviated from. If Alder men wish to bo liberal, let them give a donation and not say nnything about it." He would give a subscription, so said other aldermen, but the original motion waa mote to the taste of the majority, and wa9 ultimately adopted. 