THE ROMANTIC ADVEN- TURES OF A MILKMAID. (BY THOMAS HARDY,) CHAPTER X. A considerable period of inaction followed among all ooncerned. Nothing tended to dissipate the obscurity which veiled the life of the Baron. The position he occupied in the minds of the oountry - folk around was one which combined the myateriousness of a legendary character with the unobtrusivo deeds of a modern gentleman. To this day whoever takes the trouble to go down to Stickleford and make enquiries will find existing there almost a superstitious feeling for the moody, melancholy stranger who resided in the Lodge some forty years ago. Whence he came, whither he waa going, were alike unknown. It was said that his mother bad been an English lady of noble family who had married a foreigner not unheard of in circles where men pile up " the cankered heaps of strange- achieved gold"— that he had been born and educated in England, taken abroad, and so on. But the facts of a life in such cases are of little acoount beside the aspect of a life; and hence, though doubtless the years of his existence contained their share of trite and homely circumstance, the curtain which masked all this was never lifted to gratify such a theatre of spectators as those at Stickleford. Therein lay his charm. His life was a vignette, of which the central strokes only were drawn with any distinctness, the environment shading away to a blank. Be might have been said to resemble that solitary bird tbe heron. The still, lonely stream was his frequent haunt; on its banks he would stand for hours with his rod, looking into the water, beholding the tawny inhabitants with the eye of a philosopher, and eccming to say, (t Bite or don't bite—it's all the same to me." He was often mistaken for a ghost by children, and for a pollard* willow oy men, when, on their way home in the dusk, tbey saw him motionless by some rusby bank, unobservant of the decline of day. Why did he come to fish at Stickleford ? That was never explained. As far as was known he had no relatives near ; the fishing there was not exceptionally good ; the society thereabouts was decidedlv meagre. That he had committed some folly or hastv act, that he had been wrongfully accused of some crime, thus rendering bis seclusion from the world desirable fora while, squared very well with his frequent melancholy. But such as he was there ho lived, well supplied with Hshinp-tackle, and tenant of a furnished bouse, just suited to the requirements of such an eccentric being as he. Margery's father, having privately ascertained that she was living with her grandmother, and getting into no harm refrained from communicating wich her, in the hope of seeing her contritc at his door. It haa, of course, become known about Stickleford that at tbe last moment Margery had refused to wed Hayward, by absenting herself from the house. Jim was pitied, yet not pitied much, for it was said that be ought not to have been so eager for a woman who had shown no anxiety for him. And where was Jim himself? It must not be supposed that that tactician had all this while withdrawn from mortal eye to tear bis hair in silent indignation and despair, tie bad, in truth, merely retired up the lonesome defile between tbe downs to his smouldering kiln, and the ancient ramparts above it: and there, after his first hours of natural discomposure, he quietly waited for overtures from the possibly repentant Margery. But no overtures arrived, and then he meditated anew on tbe absorbing problem of her skittishness, and how to set about another campaign for her conquest, notwithstanding his late disastrous failure. Why had he failed ? To what was her strange conduct owing? That teas the thing which puzzled him. tie had made no advance in solving the riddle, when, one morning, a Btranger appeared on the down above him, looking as if he had lost his way. The man had a good deal of black hair below his felt hat, and carried under his arm a case containing a musical instrument. Descending to where Jim stood, he asked if there were not a short cut across that way to Budmouth. 1 1 Well, yes, there is," said Jim. " But 'tis an enormous aietoncc for ye." " Oil, yes," replied the musician. " I wish to intercept tbe carrier on tho highway." The nearest way was precisely 111 the direction of Rook's Gate, wbnrn Margery, as Jim knew, was staying. Having some time to spare, Jim was strongly impelled to make a kind act to the lost musician a pretext for taking observations in that neighbourhood, and telling his acquaintance that ne waa goini; the same way, bo started without further ado. They skirted the long length of meads, and in due tune they arrived at the back of Rook's Gate, where the path joined the high road. A hedge divided the public way from the cottage garden. Jim drew uj) at this point and said, " Your rood is straight on ; I turn back here." But the musician was standing fixed, as if in great perplexity. Thrusting his hand into his forest of black hair, ne murmured, " Surely it is the same—surely Jim, following the direction of his neighbour's eyes, found them to be fixed on a figure till that moment hidden from himBelf— Margery Tucker — who was crossing the gardeu to an opposite gate with a little cheese in her arms, her lieud thrown back, and her face quite exposed. " What of her ?" said Jim. " Two months ago I formed one of the baud at the Yeomanry Ball given by Lord Blakemore. I saw that yaunglady dancing the polka there in robes of gauze ana lace, Now I sec her carry a cheese!" " Never !" said Jim incredulously. " But I do not mistake. I say it is so!" Jim ridiculed the idea; the bandsman protested, and was about to lose his temper, when Jim gave in with the good nature of a person who can afford to despise opinions, and the musician went his way. As he dwindl ed out of sight Jim began to think more carefully over what he had said. The young man's thoughts grew quite to an excitement, for there came into his mind the Baron's extraordinary kindness in regard to furniture, hitherto accounted for by the assumption that the nobleman had taken a fancy to him. Could it be, among all the amazing things of life, that the Baron was at the bottom of this mischief, and that he had amused himself by taking Margery to a ball ? Doubts and suspicions which distract some lovers to imbecility only served to bring out Jim's great qualities. Where he trusted he was tho most trusting fellow in the world ; where he doubted he could be guilty of the slyest strategy. Once suspicious, he became one of those subtle, watchful characters who, without integrity, make good thieves ; witli a little, good jobbers; with a great deal, master politicians. Jim was honest, and he considered what to do. Retracing his steps, he peeped again. She had gone in; but sho would soon reappear, for it could be seen that she was carrying little new chceses one by ono to a spring-cart and horse tethered outside the gate-—her grandmother, though not a regular dairywoman, still managing a few cows by moans of a man and maid. With tho lightness of a cat Jim crept round to the gate, took a piece of chalk from his pocket, and wrote upon the boarding, " The Baron. Then he retreated to the other side of the garden where he had just watched Margery. Id due time she emerged with another little cheese, came on to the garden-door, and glanced upon the chalkcd words which confronted her. She started ; the chcese rolled from her arms to the ground, and broke into pieces like a pudding. She looked fearfully roand, her face burn- ing like Bunset, and, seeing nobody, stooped to piok up tbe flaccid lumps. Jim, with a pale face, departed as invisibly as he had come. He had proved the bandsman's tale to be true. On hiB way back he formed a resolution. It was to beard the lion in his den—to call on the Baron. Meanwhile Margery had recovered her equanimity, and gathered up the broken cheese. But she could by no means accouut for the handwriting. Jim was iust tbe sort of fellow to play her such a trick at ordinary times, but she imagined him to be far tco incensed against her to do it now ; and she suddenly wondered if it were any sort of signal from the Baron himself. Of him she had lately heard nothing. If ever monotony pervaded a life it pervaded hers at Rook's Gate ; and she had begun to despair of any happy change. But it is precisely when tbe social atmosphere seems stagnant that great events arc brewing. Margery's quiet was broken first, as we have seen, by a slight start, only sufficient to make her arop a checse, ana then by a more serious matter. She was inside the same garden ouc day when she heard two watermen talking without. The conversation was to the effect that the Btrasge gentleman who bad taken Mount Lodge for the season was seriously ilL "How ill?" cried Margery through tbe hedge, which screened her from recognition. 1 1 Bad abed," said one of the watermen. "Inflammation of the lungs," said the other. • " Got wet fishing," the first chimed in. Margery oould gnther no more. An ideal admiration rather than any positive passion existed in her breast for the Baron; she liad of late seen too little of him to allow any incipient views of him as a lover to grow to jformidable dimensions. It was an cxtrcmoly pare and romantic feeling, delicate as an aroiua, capable of quickening to an active i as Et^"tW" the case might apainle888ympithy oe. '" This news of biB illness, coupled with tbe mysterious chalking on the gate, troubled her, and revived his image much. She took to walking up and down the garden paths, looking into the hearts of flowers, and not thinking what they were. His last request bad been that &he; was not to go to bim if he should send for her; and now she asked herself was the name on the gate a hint toenablo her to go without infringing the letter of ber promise? Thus unexpectedly had Jim's manceuvre operated. Ten days passed. All &hc; could bear of the Baron were the same words, " Bad abed," till one afternoou, after a gallop of tbe physician to the Lodge, the tidings spread like lightning that the Baron was dying. Mercery distressed herself with the question whether she might be permitted to visit him and say her prayers at his bedside but she feared to venture ; and thus cight-andforty hours slipped away, and the Baron still lived. Despito her shyness and awe of bim she had almost made up her mind to call, when just at dusk on that Octobcr evening somebody came to tbe door and asked for her. She could see the messenger's head against the low new moon. He was a man-servant. He said he had been all the way to her father's, and had been sent thenoe to her here. He simply '.brought a note, and, delivering it into her hands, went away. 4 4 Maooert Tucker (ran the note) "They say I am not likely to live, so I want to see you. Be here at eight o'clock this evening. Come quite alone to the sidedoor, and tap four times softly. My trusty man will admit you. The occasion is an important one. Prepare yourself for a solemn cercmony, which I wish to have performed while rt lies in my power. " Xantem." CHAPTER XI. Margery's face flushed up, and ber neck and arms glowed in sympathy. The quicknees of youthful imagination, and tne assumptiveness of woman's reason, scut her straight as an arrow this thought^" He wants to marry me !" She had heard of Bimilar "strange proceedings, in wbich the orunce- flower and the sad cypress were intertwined. People sometimes wished on their death-beds, from motives of esteem, to form a legal tie which tbey bad not cared to establish as a domestic one during their active life. For a few minutes Margery could hardly be called excited ; she was excitcmcnt itself. Between surprise and modesty she bluBhcd and trembled by turns. She became grave, sat down in tbe solitary room, aud looked into tho fire. At seven o'clock she rose resolved, and went quite tranquilly upstairs, where Bhc speedily began to dress. In making this hasty toilet nine-tcnth<i of her care were given to her hands. Tho summer had left them slightly brown, and she held them up and looked at them with some misgiving, the fourth finger of her left hand more especially. Hot washings and cold washings, certain products from bee and flower, known only to country girls, everything she could think of, were used upon these little sunburnt hands, till she persuaded herself that they were really as white as could be wished by a husband with a hundred titles. Her dressing completed, she left word with Gdy that she was going for a long walk, and set out in the direction of Mount Lodge. She no longer tripped like a girl, but walked like a woman. While crossing the Park she murmured " Baroness Xanten" in a pronunciation of her own. The sound of that title caused her such agitation tliat she was obliged to pause, with her hand upon her heart. The house was so closely neighlxmred by shrubberies on three of its sides tliat it was not tity she bad gone nearly round it that she found the little door. 1 he resolutiou she had been an hour in forming failed her when she stood at the portal. While pausing for courage to tap, a carriage drove up to tho front entrance a little way off, and peeping round the comer she saw aliuht a clergyman and a gentleman in whom Margery fancicd that she recognised a well-known solicitor from the ncighbouriug town. She had no longer any doubt of the nature of the oeremony proposed. u It is sudden—but I must otay him,' she murmured; and tapped four times. Tbe door wns opened so quickly that the servant must have been standing immediately inside. She thought him the man who had driven them to the ball—the silent man who could be trusted. Without a word he conducted her up the back staircase, and through a door at the top into a wide corridor. She was asked to wait in a little dressing-room, where there was a fire, and an old metalframed looking glass over the mantelpiece, in wbich she caught sight of herself. A red spot burnt in each of her cheeks ; the rest of her face was pale; and her eyes were like diamonds of tne tii-st water. Before she had been seated many minutes the man came back noiselessly, and sho followed him to a door covered by a red andblack curtain, which he lifted, and ushered her into a large chamber. A screened light stood on a table before her, and on her left the hangings of a tall dark four-post bedstead obstructed her view of tbe centre of the room. Everything here seemed of such a msgnificoot type to her eyes that she felt contused, diminished to half her height, half ber strength, half her prettiness. The man who had conducted her retired at once, and some one came softly round the ancle of the bed-curtains. He held out his hana kindly— rather patrdbisingly; it was the solicitor whom sne kneiv by sight. This gentleman led her forward, as if sho had been a lamb rather than a woman, till the occupant of the bed was revealed. The Baron's eyes were closed, and her entry had been so noiseless that he did not open them. The pallor of his face nearly matched the white bed-linen, and his dark hair and heavy black raouBtache were like dashes of ink on a clean page. Near him sat tbe parson and another gentleman, whom she afterwards learnt to be a London physician ; and on the parson whispering a few words, the Baron opened his eyes. As soon as he saw her he smiled faintly, and held out his hand. Margery would have wept for him, if she had not been too overawed and palpitating to do anything. She quite forgot what she had come for. shook bands with him mechanically, ana could hardly return an answer to his weak " Dear Margery, you see how I am —how are you^" In preparing for marriage she had not calculated on such a scene aB this. Her affection for the Baron had too much of the vague in it to afford her trustfulness now. She wished she had not come. On a sign from the Baron the lawyer brought ber a chair, and tho oppressive silence was broken by the Baron's words. "Iam pulled down to death's door, Margery," he said; "and I suppose I soon shall pass through. . . . My pcace lias been much disturbed in this illness, for just before it attacked me 1 received—that present you returned, from which, and in other ways, I learnt that you had lost your chance of marriage. , . . Now it was I who did tho barm, and you can imagine how the news has affected me. It has worried me all the illness through, and I cansot dismiss my error from my mind. , , . I want to right the wrong I nave done you before I die. Margery, you have alwayB obeyed me, and, strange as the request may be, Mill you obey me now ?" She whispered, or seemed to whisper, " Yes." "Well, then," said the Baron, "these three gentlemen are hero for a special purpose : ono helps the body — he's called a physician: another helps the soul—he's a parson $ tne other helps the understanding— he's a lawyer. They are here partly on my account, and partly on yours." The speaker then made a sign to the lawyer, who then went out of the dooi. He came back almost instantly, but not alone. Behind him, dresBed up in his best clothes, with a flower in his buttonhole and & bridegroom's air, walked—Jim. 