POETRY. LUKE. Br Beet Haete. . YTot*• that you'ro readin' ?—a novel ? A novoi—W darn my skin! ■ • „ « J .. . , , « Ton a man grown and bearded, and histio, sucli stun «- ozthat in— . . ... , • Stuff about gals and their sweethearts!' 1*0 ponder you're thin ez a knife. •• " Look at me!—clar cwo hundrod—and novor read ono in my life! , That's my opinion o' nereis. And or to their lyin* j round here, - ■ " ' They belonged to the Jedge's daughter—the. Jedge , who eame up last year • " a *«. I Oh account of hie lunge, and the mountains,' and the balsam o* pine and flr; . Awii his daughter-well, she read novels, and that's .what's the matter with her. Tefc she was sweet on the Jedge, and stuck, by him . day and night, Alone in the cabin np jar—till she grew Jike a ghost, all white. She was only a slip of a thing, ez light and «z np and away Ez rifle-smoke blown through the woods, bat she wasn't my kind—no way I Speekin' o* gals, d'ye mind that house ea you rise the I . hill, I A mile and a half from White's, and Jist aboTO Mat tingly*s mill ? Ton do f Well, now, <Aor*« a gal I What, you i her? 0, come now, thar quit I . She was only bederilin' yon boys, for to me she don't I ■ ' cotton one bit. • • - ' Now, she's what I call & gal—ex pretty and plump ez a quail; Teeth ez whito cz & hound's, and they'd go through a ten-penny nail; Eyes that kin snap like a cap. So the asked to know I 'wharlwashxd?* - I She did? O, it's jist like her tass, for she's peart as { \- a katydid. . 1 But what was I tilkiu* of ?—01 the Jedge and his \- ; daughter—she read " Novels the whole day long, and I reckon she read them abed, And sometimes she read them out loud to the Jedge on the porch where he sat, , And 'twas how• Lord Augustus * said this, and how 'Lady Blanche' she said that. But the sickest of all that I heard, was a yam the they rssd 'bout a chap, 4 Leather-fitocking' by same, and a hunter chock full I ' • o* the greenest o'sap; Ana they asked me to bear; but I says: 'Miis Mabel, • not any for me; When I likes I kin sling my own lies, and that chap and I shouldn't agree.' Yet somehow or other she was always sayin' I brought her to mind Of folks about whom she had read, or suthln' belike •f thet kind, And thar warn't no end o' the names thet she gave me thet summer up bore, 'Bobin Hood,' 'Leather-stocking,"Bob Boy'—0,1 tsll yon, the critter was queer. And yet, of she hadn't been spiled, she was harmless enough in hor way; She could jabber In French to her dad, and they tbet she knew how to play, And she worked me that shot-pouch np thar—which tho man doesn't live cz kin use. And slippers—you see 'em down yer—ex would cradle an Indian's pappoose. Yet along o* them novels, you see, she was wastin* and moping away, And then she got shy with her tongue, and at last had nothin' to say; And whenever I happened around, her face it was hid by a book. And it warat until she left that she gave me ez much ez a look. ... And this was the way it was; It was sight when I \- • kem up here To say to 'em all' good bye,' for I reckoned to go for deer. At' sun-up' the day they left. So I shook 'em all by the band, 'Cept Habcl, and she was sick, ez they gave mo to understand. But jast as I passed the house next morning at dawn, some one, like a little waver o' mist, got np on tho hill with the Hiss Mabel it was, alone—all wrapped in a mantle of lace— And she stood there straight in the road, with a \- touch o' the sun in her face. And she lookedme right in the eye—I'd boch suthiu* | like it before "When I hunted a wounded doe to the edge o* the Clear Lake shore, And I had my knee on its neck, and jist was raisin' my knife When it gave me a look like that, and—well, it got off . with its life. -* • We are going to-day,' she said,' and I thought I ; would say good-bye ' To you in your own house, Lake—these woods and . the bright blue sky! You'll always been kind to us, Luke, and papa has ' - found you still As good as the air he breathes, and whotesome as ■ , Laurel Tree Hill. ' And w2*11 always think of yon, Luke, as the thing I »• we could not takeaway— The balsam that dwells in the woods, the rainbow, | that lives in tbo spray. And you'll sometimes think of mo, Luke, as you know I you once used to say, A rifle-smoke blown through the woods, a moment, but never to stay.* And then we shook bands. Sho turned, but a suddent she tottered and fell, . • ^ : And I caught her sharp by the waist, and held her a minit—well. It was only a minit, you know, that ez cold and ez white she lay Ez a anowflake here on my breast, and then—well, •' she melted away— And was gone.. • - • • And thar are her boots; but I I says not any for me, . [ Good enough may be for some, bat tbomand I mightn't | '-agree. They spiled a detent girl ez might, bey mados< chap a wife ; And look at mo!—clar two hondred-^ind never read j • one In my life I 