HAMLET. Thore was a very fair attendance of the public' at the Exhibition Hall theatre last evening to witness the performance of Shakespeare's tragedy of Hamlet by Mr George Darrell, the Australian actor author. The play was capitally mounted, the scenery painted by Mr Gus. Pierce being highly doserving of praise, espe cially the battlement, hall, and grave yard views. Mr Darrell mado his first appearance before a Geelong -audience, and he was warmly received. Ho has an excellent conception of the role of Ham let, and the praise bestowed on him in other places iB deserved. In his representation of the unhappy Prince of Denmark ho was throughout the piece thoroughly effective, and in the scene with the players which conviuces him oE his suspicions regarding the foul murder of his father, ho acted the part with realistic easo, and was fully entitled to the recall before the curtain. In the last tragic act ho eclipsed his previous efforts and merited the applause so freely bo stowed. As Queen Gertrude, Miss Flora Anstead represented the character in a meritorious manner, her dresses, grace ful bearing and stylo of delivery all tending to show that she is actress of ability and force. The part of Ophelia was taken by Miss Mag gie Knight, and tlio lady looked and acted tho part to perfection. Miss Knight came hero with tho reputation of being well qualified to fill the position, and last night sho undoubtedly exhibited the character with effect. Mr Hagarth asPo lonius was highly amusing, as was also the first grave-digger (Mr Foly). Tho double character of Laertes and the Ghost was performed by Mr H. N. Douglas ; in the formor he was highly successful, but his Ghost is not sufficiently awo-inspiring ; nevertheless, ho acquitted himself very well. Tho other characters do not call for any special mention, but tho perform ance went smoothly and creditably. This: evening tho emotional drama of East Lynne will be performed at the theatre, and on Mondny evening tho play of " Man and Wife," written by Mr Darrell, will be placed on tho boards. It may be stated that there is a very good orchestra under the leadership of Mr Goodall. 