SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. THE MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB RACES. The annual race meeting held under the auspices of the Melbourne Hunt Club, took place yesterday on the Flemington race- course. The weather was fine, but rather cold. In consequence of counter attractions in different parts of the suburbs there was only a moderate attendance, whilst ladies on tbu'siand were conspicuous by-their nbtfnce, very few of the fair sex'pHtrnniiimi Fleming ton yeBterday. The errarse was m splendid order, and the racing on the whole wiu good. ISuHmt-pti comtneuced at^ | o'clock with the Hurdle Hice, for which Wild Harry was freely supported. Tanda, rook lunl Stormbird mude most of tho running until reaching the turn for home, when Merry Muid rushed to the front. A good set-to took placa between her and Stormbinl, ending in favour of the latter by a short half neck. Tho favourite, who cum« well in lb« Htruiubt, finished third. n'ideen horses faced the Bturter for tho Queen's liirthday Smites, Vordare being most timcied, although several othern were backed for small uinnuntu. Her Altijesty und Tantaliser cut out ibo wotk at a clipping puco to the ourritige-puddook when they retired, ami ISgerion, who was well up. in the centre of i ho course, was talion to tho fron!, and won comfortably by a length und u hulf from Welcome Jack, who camo very fttHt during the last 200 yard», and beat Squirxeii on tho post by a nock for second plncu. The time, lin, Kis., for three-quarters of & mile WHS very good. Tho Open Stci- pluahueft brought out a field of seven horses, and Alhambru, who carried a lot of money, left i lie puddock at 5 to 4 against him. The Hnllarat contingent of conreo supported Vuultor, whilst Uluok .Tucket,although known to bo a good one across country, wits notj mentioned in the netting. 11« led over the first fence, and made all his own running until approaching the last fonce, where Vuultor challenged him and took tho lead. Once in the striiiuht it was seen that the ruca was over, as although Black Jacket jumped eploudidly, his condition was not equal to u Htruugle with the non of Tho Ace, who wub lauded rather easily by half a dozon length». The Corinthian l'Tat Kuco induced nine gentleman riders to sport silk, Liddington was most fancied, and (ha niosr, of the puhliu money was put on him, ulthougti The Ghost, King Churlos, and Brenda wero not without friouds. Tho start was not a good one, Sonneteer getting away with a lead of a Ionglh, and this position he maintained into the straight, lliilf way up tho straight tho favourite, Tho Ghost, and King Charles drew away from the others, and a good race ensued, the favourite winning by a neck from Tho fihoBt, who was hall a length in front of King Charles. The rimo, Im. ISJí. for three-quarters of a mile, was goou con sidering the weights, the winner carry ing list. 41b. For tho Selling Kane, Liddington was made a favourite at even money, whilBt Anugram, out of the eight starters, was the only other horse backed for any amount. Westbury jumped away with the lead, and kept it to the end of the carriage paddock, where ho was easily deponed by Liddiug'ou and Anogram. The former ran very gamely, but the dill'erencu in the weight (nearly 2st.) told in tho last 100 yards, und tbe Glorious colt was lauded by a length and a balf. The winner waa entered to be Bold for mi, and was bought in at 75 guineiiB, whilst Liddington fell to the bid of Mr. W. Pearson ut 120 guineas. A dozen horaes started for the Flying Stakes, which was won rather eaBtly by Squireen, Ciuiur heilig second, and Sir Charlen third. Annexed are tho detailB of the different events :? HURDLE RACK, A handicap of 60 Bovit. Ono inilo and a half and a dlitatico. Mr. R. Halts'« b g Storniblrd, by Dangerous, »god, Dat. 71». (Wall) .... ,. _ 1 Mr. M. Jacoba'a ch in Worry Maid, 6 yre, JOsl, (Unlit) :. ? _ ... .. .. .. a Mr J. Lavtou's ch g Wild Hairy, 0 yra, or aged, lOit. (=oiWe) _ '.. .. ? .. ..a Mr. J. M'Grndo's big lllaok l'rlnco, aged, lost. (Floyó) «, .. .,.0 Mr. A. Taylor's b er br m Musldora, & yre, Ost. 121b. (M'Gowan) .. .. .. ,.0 Mr. G. QlaBscock'a ch g Tandaroak, agod, Ojt. (carried Oat 2Jlb.), Kllnuff _ .. .. .. 0 Bettlngr-Kvon agst Wild Harry, 4 to 1 aget Merry Mold, 5 to 1 agBt Btormbitd. Tbu half dosen were tont away on nvon torras at tlio llrat attempt. At tho ilrat hurdlo Tandarook forgod Bllghtly abend of Stormbird, who hau lud to tho fenco. Musldora waa third, thou uanio Merry Maid and Black Prince, Wild Harry being hint. Tlda ordor waa maintained over tbu Becond hurdlo, but oa the% passed tbu stand Htnrinblrd took tbu loud. Hounding tbe turn Muslduru dropped b»ek to loat, wbliBtTandarook deprived ütnriubird ot tho premier position, and I, d tbu 11.1.1 uloinr tbu back by thru» lengtbH, Storuiblrd being second, then cuino Morry Maid and Rluak Prlnco, bulb woll up No change look place until reaching tlio uhhatnlrs, whoro Mault Prince came down. Approaching Lliu linmo turn Merry Maid ruahufl to tbu front, wbllu Tanduruuk bugun to tiro and drop bolilnd. Thu tnaru led Into tbu Btruight with Htormbird and Wild Harry as bor luimudlatu atten dants, and In this ardor Ibuv cluarcd tba Iuhi burdlo. A goi'd rauo boinu ouaueil, wblob resulted In favour of fctorniblrd by r, Bbnrt bulf.uuuk frum Merry Maid, who waa throe longtha In frunt ot Wild Harrv ; Tandarook was tourtb, and Uu>idura laut. Tliiio-3ru. lllji, QUKKN's HIUTIIDAY K'l'AKliS, X bandlcap ot DO aova. Throe-qtitrturs of a mllo. Mr. W. liellny's h u Kgcrtou, U yra, 7at. 61b. (carried 7at 01b.) (Uughuti) .. .. _ .. _ 1 Muesrs. Robertson and Wagnot'a b b Welcomo Jack, i yrj. ¡1st. Ob. (lleywood) _ _ _ 2 Mr. A. Suuui's b g aquliouu, i yre, Sat. 131b. (Walker).... _ .3 Mr. J. 1'aturBon'a ch g Wizard, 6 yra, Oit. 41b. (Uiiglící) . .. .. 0 Mr. A. U. lnglla's g m Vorduro, 6 yra Oat. (Kvorott) 0 Mr. M. arllllQ'a bl h Weatbury, 6 >r>, Hit. 71b. (Barluw) .. _ .. .. «. .. » 0 Mr. II. Unnuolly na g m Zopbyr, i yrs, Est. (Qardlnor) .. _ ? .. .. _ 0 Mr. A. M'Donald'a br g Bonny Bee, aged, 7»t. 12(b. (Sullivan) .. _ .. _ _ .. 0 Mr. It. M'Klnloy na b f Castaway, 3 yr», 7at. 101b. (Londounlly) .. .... .. _ .. 0 Mr. J. M'Qradu'a br h Tnntallíer, i yra, 7et. 91b, (Urokur) _ . .. ? .. .. 0 I Mr. It Johnson Dllim Queen Mary, 4 yrs. 7«t. 31b. (T. Bruwn) . _ _ 0 Mr. J. Wbltiiogham'8 bl g Roottrae, 4 yrs, 7at. {lb. (Oaaaldj) .. «. .. _ .. ..0 Mr. J. lt. iôuicblld's br m Her Majoaty, 4 yra, 7at. (Oole). _ .. .. ?0 Mr. S. Gardiner's br 1 Omelette, 3 yrs, Oat. 121b. (trianlgan) -. - . _ 0 Mr. J. K. JolloU'fl dig llurrumbong, 6 yra, Oit. 71b. (II Brown).0 | Bottlng.?4 to 1 agflt Vordnru, B tr> 1 aiBt Oantaway, 0 to 1 agBt Queen Mary, 8 >ol each agat Squlrucn. Rouny Puo, J^gcrton, aud EJor Majesty, 10 to 1 aget tho olhora. Tlio lot wore donnatchtd without any delay, Her Mnjuuty being tbu first to show In front, TanialUor being on her untrtur*. with Ki/erton lying In a guod pothian next tho ral'8 Wclcoine Ja-k, Hqulrcuu. línnny Peo, and üavlaway wen) In a uluslor boidild tho lo^dura. No chungu of impurtanco took place iiutU after crossing the lad, whoiu Her MaJuHty and Tunullser were lu Ibo van. Kntorlug tnu courau proper, MurrurnbiMig, who Hpa< amongst tho second divblon, lont nil chanco by running vory wblo. At the eml of tho carrlago pidduck Kgurtnn w*a tahon to thu front, and coming un full of running ha won uaitlv oy a Jougtb aud a balf, Welcome Jack, who camo very fast In the straight, boating tiquirueti by a nook for second place. Castaway waa a good fourth. Timo, Im. IDs. OfKN STEEPLECHASE, A handicap of IM) bovb. Two tulle» and a half. Mr. w. Bailey's ch g Vaultor, by Tin) Aco.flyrs, lOit. 1011) ISoohto). _ .. 1 Mr. J. Dman'a bl h Black Jackot, r, yra, Ost. 101b. (WllilaimO .. .. _ _ .. -.2 Mr. R Itowo'B br g Stampede, aged, Bit. (M'Lrod) 3 Mr. W. Martin's ch g Albatubra, C yrs, Hat. (Hll. «luff) .0 Mr. W. B. Brougliton's b g Magic, aged, lost. 101b. (riiointon) . . .. ..0 Mr. Q. fllaDBCooVs b g Magician (lata Maulo), agod lOst. (Floyd). _ 0 Mr. M. 1'. Wbltty na b g Peter, 0 yrs, Oat. 101b. (Hiniratoii) .. ., .. _ _ ..0 Uoltlng ?5 to 4 agBt Album bra, B to 1 agBt Vaultcr, 5 to 1 oacbagst Magic and Stamnedo Magln waa tho first away, Alhnluhra, Vaultor, and Black Jacket btdng togotber, and ÏUsinpodo last. Ap proacnlng the llrst fonoo Black Jacket went to the front and Bhowerl tbu way over, f jlluwod by Magic, AlhamUra. ar,d Vaultcr ; then camu Dtampedu, Futur, and Magician. At tho Btledfl Black Jaekut bad a lead of 10 longths nf Mnglc, who wa» two lengths In front of Vaultor, Btampodo bolng fourth. This ordor was unlnt-ilnod to thu fonco before unierlng tbo straight, whuro Petor camo down. Coming to l bu ' rlplo opponlio tbo Btand, Black Jackot lod over tbe fences and tho stono wall in grand stylo by half a.dozen lengths, stampodo having run into Eocond place. Vaultf-rwas third, and then camo Albambra. Magic, and Magician. No chango of any note took placo round tbe turn and along tbo back of tho courso until reaching tbo fenco near tbo training shod-, wboro Al bambra nnd Magic camo down. Paaalng tbo abattoirs IMack Jacket waB four lotlgthB in front of Vaultor, who bad beaded Stampede Tho lattor camo down >.t tho noxr, fenco, and lo>-t all chance, but wab quickly rcmnuiitod. Running round the far turn, Vuulter raoidly ovorbaulcd tbo loader, ami waa first ovor the lait fótico. Black Jacket uaniu on gamely, but bis watit of cindltion provoutcd him making a raco of It on tbu Hat with tbe hod ot Tbo ac-», wlnwaB landed ratbor oaslly bv half a dozen lengths. Btainpcdo was placed third. Timo, Om. ioJb. CORINTHIAN 1'I.AT KAOE. A welter handicap wwoo|Makua of 1 bov, oach for starters, with 50 Hovs. added. Open to all horses. To bo ridden by members or hon. uicmher* of the Meltmoruo linn». Clnh, memOer* of tbo Victoria Racing Club, or Victoria Aniatuur Turf Olub. Three OUareers of a ndie. Mr. A. PavlwTa eb g Liddington, by Prolo Martyr ?Caninjih. 3 yrs, list. 41b. (Mr. W. Olaseuoc») 1 Mr. T. Jouua'a ch or ro b Tbo Gitost, 6 yrs, 12t. 41b. (Mr O F. Kraser) .. .2 Mr. M. fjImmmiB's b o King Charles (lato Sir OharleB), B yre list. (Mr. U. Tattersall) .. .. S Mr C. W. Sinclair'» ch g Houoetoor, aged, 1 let. 81b. (Mr O. W. Sinclair).0 Mr IT. Connelly i.s eb g Chovy Cbaae, i yrs, list. 41b. (Mr. O. Watson) _ .. .. _ .. 0 Mr J. O lngllB'a b m Brenda, D yro, list. 21b. (Owner) .. .. .._..-.. 0 Mr. A. M'Dniialn'» br g Bonny Roe, aged, llet. 21b.. (Mr. W. Martin) .. .. _ .. -0 Mr, VV. a. Cox'h b or br g Boatman, 0 yrs, lOat. . 7lb (Mr. A. II. Cox). .. .. .. _ ..0 Mr. W. Ijingloy'a br m'Mnry, 4 yra, lOst. (Mr. T. J. Bourkc) .." £. - .. .- ' - 0 Betting.?5 to 2 agBt Liddington, 4 to 1 each a»-Bt Tbo Onnst and lironda, 6 to 1 agar. King Charles. Toa bad atait, lironda waB tbo llM to allow In front, Bonnotdur bob,g in cloB« altondmuo, with Mary third on l ho ïuslde arid In n VnaA position, whilst King Charlas, Llddlngion, Tho Ohost Drondii, and Boat uíáti.were toituther In tho noxt.división, Crossing the tan äonoeteer was t"kcu l/i tbo front and led Into thu straight, King Oharlos having run up sotond, wlih Liddington on bis quarlcre and IboOiioet lying well up. *t Ibo end ot ibo caulago pailddck tbu first balf dozen closed up and were going well, togatbor, when Liddington, Tbo ühost, and King Charlea drew away, aud coming at a great rat j they Onlshod hi thu order r"tacd, a' neck eoparatlng tlio first apd second, nnd 1\. at a length the second and third. Boatman and fonust«r, «ho aun« vary last In tbo straight, Oolata In» fourth ml lililí respectively, and Uronga tilth Timo, im. laj-i. HUI.I.IMl HAClî, OfOOeov«. The winner to lin mi|iI fur £100 Weights ?2 ira,' 8*1. Olli.; H yrs, lout lib.; -I >rs and tit», ward*, lost. 711,.; 71b. alluwcd fur every redtlctloi, ot £25 In sullli.g price. Any tlirnlue over ami almvo tho ndllng prico to gu to tho funda of the club. Four fuilnuiis. Mr. 8. MlllerV b n AtiHcratii, by Glorious?Acrpstlo, ayre(nll), (1st (lib (nine.).1 Mr A. dnviea'a ci, g Lltldluctoii, 3 yrs (£25), 8.t. 81b. (M'Guln.in.) ... .2 M.. J. u. »eld's hi g Ocjar, 4 yrs (nil), Sit 71b. (Str*it,ird) .3 Mr g. W hlnclnlrt ch g Spnnoteer. asod, lOat. 7ib (Sinclair) ., .. .. J - .. 0 Mr M. Grllllti's hi h tyeslhury, Oyn>(t|ll), 8it, 71b. (Heed) .. .. _ .0 Mr. J. K Jollott'sch g Murrumbong, 6 Sis (nil), 8st 711). (a. Wilson). .. 0 Mr. A. Baqul'a b g Drumstick, I! yrs (nil), fat. lib. (Walker).0 Mr ft O. Cook's br f Nymph, S yrs, (£50), 7st. 7|b. (Rriiw,,) .. _ .. .. ..' _ .. 0 Matting.?Even nest Li'ldlnginn, 2 to I and after, wards & (a 2 aust Anagram, 4 and 0 to 1 ngsi thq Wislhury jumped eft* with tho lend, followed by l";m.r and Miirrunihnii|r. At tliottn Wcslbury was li. m Iv n lenulh »head, »ml th's iiiialtlon Im in ili|lalno to the ond of tho carriage ruddock Llildlnetoii and anagram, who were In Um cuulio of t|io course, hero jomo'l tho leader, muí a line race ensued, wltlvli re sultuil In favour of Anav-iupi bv a leuirth uni! a ha'f frmii LldilliiuMii, who wis nnirlya length In Iront of t're-ar. Wihtbnry, "rntnsllek, 8wiet»or, »nil Mur. iiiintimii: llnUhliiu III Hi" order named. T|lnc, Hlljs Tim w||ii|,ir wiiB put up fur sal« ntid |iuu»ltt In at 71i trulneaa; Lldilinftmi waa clnltneil, and on ballig sub mined in 01111)1,01(11,111, ho »as purchased by Sir, W, IVarsim (or lSOgiilnima 1'LYIrlQ STAKES. A bnndlcap of SO snvs. Fivo furlnnga. Sir. A. Sauui'a I, g tiniureen, by The Squlro 4 yrs, 0.1. 21b (IValkerl ., .. - ,- ' 1 Mr. J O. Itelu'a III g Cioiar, 4 yr» Tst. (r|tralford).. 2, Mr. D. H Wallace's b o blr Oharlos, 0 yrs, 7st. 31b. (»Ullanii.) .. .. .. '.'. '.. .. 9 Mr, II. Connelly ns b m Cassiopeia, 6 yr«, 8it, 121b. (Gar.ioner) .. .. .. .... ..0 Mr. W. I nnxloy's br h Stalloner, i yrs, 8st. 81b. (Hunt) .._.,, .... .. ' .i 0 Mr. J. Pateraoii'd br b Whisper, 6 yra, Bat. 81b, (tltiitlioi) .. .. .. ." .. .. 0 Mr. U. M'Klnley ni b f OaBtaway, 8 yra, 7at, 111b. (Lnndotiellv) .. ., i. .. 0 Ur. T. clilniflklu'a br ( Ohlorls, 2 yrs, 7at. 81b. (Gaghan) .. _ ? _ .. ? 0 Mr. F.. Kvana's ch f Vlotrei«. 8 yrs, 7st 21b. (Prown) 0 Mr. J. M'Qrado'a b o Aril Rtuh, 8 yrs, 7st. lib. (Oroker) .. ? ..' .. _ ' .. .. 0 Mr. T. Patrlok'a hr e Wotonga, 2 yrs, 7tt. lib. (Flanlaan) _ .. .. ,. .. - 0 Mr. J. Wbltiinirham's b o Montinoro, 2 yrs, Git. 01b. (St. Ilacuhua) .; . ..' 0 lliiuliic.?Evon agst Chloils, 2 to 1 sgst Bqulreott, t> to 1 otliere. . A fair atart waa cfTeeteil, and as thoy caino in sieht >.ftercrnsBltiff tlio tan it waasoBil that Oasslopoia was In fiont, wilh Kqulroop, Stationer. Mr diaries, (Jhlorln, Cui'ar, and »loimnnro all lylnir woll up. At tho end or tho carriage paddock, tho favourite waa ontpneon, and Bqutroon, in tbo ceutiu ot tbo cours*, ooming on, won citmfutUblv by over a lowrth, Ctnsar and Sir Charing being eecond and third respectively. Time, lm. 02s, *Z ö Sinclair« Oamooillo boat Mr D W Loan's "lí W flUIejs Bobby Dawlor boat Mr W IrVhykes WHrt"T0KIM»n,aaon h""t Mr- P 0I11"" " 0bSM nyr a crooks Oaauwaj lnat Mr tv BaJloj s Tom Bi(r j Shaw« Harkaway beat Mr B Hipburn's BI¿^nUQr Mirana Marchioness btiat Mr T Hapless Mini le ,1 « hat Wgnltr bott Sklpaway lill a bsil''I» "ene« , ., , ¡lilli on Bit boat Y. ungLochlil . yoii ij Dw-li-r a bye Caroonillo (drawn) ' Tins meeting commenced to day at,Round lull 1h> »tnther waa bleak and wintry, and greatly ullected the attendance Hares I"; pl-ntifnl bnt lay very cloie Mr IT l'o noy acted iib hon Blipper for tho first time, ,7", cheered ac the end of the mnetmgoo hisLrcat success Mr Crichton gave every «atiifaction as judge Four coumn in the second round were ron, when arairt waa suspended until to morrow, when tlae meer, lut i»l" De continued at Learmonth NORTH GIPPS LAND CLUIB Iuubbday, May 21 oren 6take fob all aoe8 IV Tide a Wea boat Rosebud Iterry Lass a hyo lir T O M'Intosh'abo w b Oldo-a Wee, by Leo nichess of K-nt. beat Mr J a Cralg's bd w b Merry K, by naielool-MlES Watson, and won TnE IMPROSirTD STARS Warfsro bs»t eisest Oalaay Boy boat Itochablto Mlllmald boat Heather Bell lailelm» beat YoODg Partner. (IrJwayBoj beat JV arfare Milkmaid butt laUoliui Mr J M Cralg's bd w b Milkmaid, by Haroloot Soaaw boat Mr T Nortons I d Galway Boy, by îoan-Obarley-OhMyOdr) "id -non AUbHULlAN COURSING CLUB. Rntnea for the various Btwkea run for to morrow at Werribee park dose thiB (Friday) blteruoon at 3 o'clock. The draw take« nluce an hour later A Bpe«ial train will ¡«ive town at the convenient hour of 10 '& u ni and a pleasant day's Bport l8 aaaured to those who putrontBS it Tho catering ia in tbo banda of Mr Skinner, of Emerald.bill, bo that the wanta of tbe muer man will reçoive every attention_ 1 OOTBALL. HOTHAM V. GEELONG The football milton announced to take place yesterdaj afternoon on the East Mel bourne Cricket ground between Geelong and Hotham was regarded with much inte- rest, and drew an attendance of Id 000 or 14 000 spectators Any match which Geelong playa a (amata leading metropolitan club is certain to draw & large crowd of admirera of football, hut the bxtnre of yeBterdny waa more than usually attractive, owing to Hg being the Mut matt h the Geelong club has plated m melbourne thia eebson, and to the gmierul aeaire to aacertain whether their first twenty waB likely to maintain for their club the champion position it has occupied for several years paat borne well known playera ol the team in former aeasona, amongst thora being Cutdie, CoUtua, mid Do Little, were abseut from ita ranks tins year, having left boolong, but it waa understood their placea bid been worthily filled up by judi cioua »election from the rising playera ot the Geelong district, and before tbe match ivis commenced yesterday it was expected Hie Geelong meu would have no difficulty lu dial UBtug of the Hothutnites The supporters of tlio latter, however, considered they would ninkua hue etruggle, ob, in addition to the beat of tho playera of the Hotham first twent) of luat aeaaon, somo splendid young I hi ern wore included lu the team As the two cluba turned out in the field, a few minutes before .1 o'clock, the general opinion of the spectators waa turned somewhat more lavtmrauly toward« the Hothaantea, on ac- count of their fine athletic appearance Brownlow captained the Geelong men, and Pallen the Hotham , and Mr M'ken/ie, of the Melbourne Club, acted aa central umpire. Piny wau commenced punctually at 3 o'clock, under ordinarily favourable circumstances , hut Geelong won the toas, aud elected to link down the ground, which waa an un- doubted advantage 1 hey bud also the advau iHgoola north wind, which only appeared ti be light, but which, during the course or the pla), proved Kulbcieutly strong to assist the mdo that had to kick from north to south down tho grouud A \oung started tbu bull ell tor Hotham, nud the pluy utonce osaumed a lively diameter, which was kept up all ihe afieturon Brownlow marked the bill, and qtueklv forwarded it down the ground, where it wits intercepted hy Perkin», and tbe play was tiauiiierred towards the Jolimont side of the i round boroo good marking on the part ?* both aides waa shown, and then tbs Ifotliatmtes worked the ball to the front of the Geelong go ii and a behind waa scored ont of a sculll- Whou the ball waa kicked oil a(,aiu Geelong carried it towards the nul way end, but their opponents were equal to the occasion, and by tho uidof Lang, Rigg,O Brien, 'lanltard, and others, tho play waa moved rupidl) about tbe ground, and eventually over to the Jolimont side 1'niikarduml A Young there showed up prominently, and the latter li) i good kick have a mark to Rae, who wau «eil in toivarda goal Rie, however, kicked the bull olí again tho wrong way, and It wua Hum speedily passed on to the Melbourne aide by 1 airbairn, lal bot, und bteedman, of Geelong Smart tactita and good marking in thu part of the deebing playera next hriiiiL,ht the epbere in front of the Hotham in ti t nd it waa only after eoune severe lUBBohug that it waa carried out of danger ulong tbo cast wing 1 be Hotham playera, although under the disadvantages of li cou nats wind and having to kick up elia ground, bail undoubtedly the beat of the game for ihe firtt 12 or lr> minutcB, but i decided eli »Lb then occurred, und the combat waa luli6n lo the lower end of the ground, where it «aa kept with only slight iuteimiBaioiia during the remainder of tbe first half hour Hie Geelong men plnyod with good die. ciphtie and were ao eilicient in little marking that their opponents aeemed quite over muldu d, and wero compelled lo light in close uuurtcrB to their goal Behind after behind was counted for Geelong, amongst ivhose player« Kerlej, a new man, and the wi.ll known little bteedman, did epocially good service Light bebindB, several of which ought to havo been goals, were scored in about 20 mtnutea, and ut hist M'Lcati, who had boon very cfhotent, ¡ ave a mark con mderobly on one aide to Kerie», who shot the ball nicely through the posta with a P see kick On being started olf again, the ball waa forced rapidly up and down the I round, and then backagain to the Geelong toni, where A Young by a fine long kick gave a mark to O'Brien, standing only a few yards trom toal, but very much at nu anglo In stead of triing for goal, O Brien foolishly kicked Ihe ball towards ihn front, wiirra tho amurtnosa of the Geelong mon enabled them to get command ot it mid aeud it over to the jolimont wir g 'J he second belum! to Hotham was, however, scored lu about another minute, and Geelong then reasserted their superiority booie good m irking waa done between Ketley, Steed man, and M Lean, resulting in Keeley obtaining another good chanco for goal, iidiI securing it 'Ihe Hotham tewui worked vi rj hard in defending their goal, but it waa nut lune, before Sttedruan ob.ained a mark and passed the ball on to M'Lean, who in irked it within easj tliatance and kicked it directly through Another behind was credited to Geelong and half time waa then c died-tho acoro ataiidlug-Geelong, three goala aud niuo behind« , Hotham, two lu hinds Whou tho usual rest bad been in dtilged in and play waa again «tarted, many of tbo Bpoctatora believed that Hotham, favoured by the wind, and having to kick down tho ground, would play equally as well, if not better than their oppomiits, and evento proved that there were Lood grounds for the belief borne splendid ralben anti dashes wero made by the players of both Bides for several minutée, und then the play noa forced towards the Geelong end A behind waa made by Hotham ont of a scrimmage, and shortly afterwards Tankard secured n mark, and, by a grand kick, gave another mark to Rigg, who made first goal for Hotham, and waa loudly cheered for dotug so Ihe play for the next few minutes waB really grund, and elicited continned applause from the spectators, as the ball waa sent with remarkable quickness flying about theground Hotham eventually carriedittothe railway end, und there obtained three behinda, II 1 odd nett made a mark off a kick by a Geelong player, and thongh he waa b0 or 70 yarla from goal, by a grand hick gained the second eoal for Hotham The game waa continued at the railway ond nntil the scoring of goals waB equalised by IX Todd securing a mark oui of a scrimmage and kicking goal 3eautiful)y In the last quarter of an hour die Geelong men had rather the beat of the lame, aud carried the nar to the north end of he ground, where they mudo several behinds ''up were not fortunate enough to acore a }tti«l On one occasion Higtnbothatn was bo '?early kicking the ball through that it hit the poBiB, anu hie Bide was thereby deprived of the leading position. A little later on Hotham were almoat quite as near obtaining the lead, na E. Young, with a grand kick, gave Tankard a mark clow) in to goal, but that usually good player, by a miserable at- tempt at goal, only sent it behind It waa nearly dark when time waa called The kamo tinta reunited m s draw, thongh Gee- long had the higheat number of behinda tbe »coring being-Geelong, 3 golla and 16 be- hinda , Hotham, 3 goals and 8 behinds The Public who patronised the match came away [rum it woll satisfied, the play throughout havirg b.ea very lively and skilful The Hothamite« were specially cheered on returning to the pavilion for btwlog lought bo well against tho leading club, and there ia no doubt that if they retain their present form they will prove to be one of the very beat team« m the colony. Tankard worked mngnifneiitly for them yesterday, and was rewarded by being shoul. dured in at the cloee of the samp-an honour that was also paid to Steedman, of Geelong, hy the supporters of the vtsi'mg club. The following players «rere very ciltctent for their reapective Hides :-For Geelong-Shaw, Steed, mau, Kerley, Hall, Talbot, M'Lkbu, and 1 houison ; for Uothuiu-Tankard, Rigg, ii. Todd, A and E Young, Perkins, and Clark. Mr M'Keiuia, as central umpire, ñas vert uctive, and allowed no time to be lost. Tonrali i H Grammar St hool-Tho aboi e match wa« plavod joalorday on Ibu ground ef lbs former, and rcBUltoJ in au eaM iltttry for Toorak, who «ecurod li ur goal« ami It hehinds to their i [iponeute two istials and soron brbrods. Tho goal kickers were -For Toorak, T Hamilton (two), W Robert'on and D flume (ono ench) ; and for the School, Shaw and Daves For Toorak, Geo and H Armytage, J Wilson, 1 Hamilton, and M''ulIoch plsiod well, and J 0 f- Ostmrno played grandly for tbnarhon] Powlott Juniors («ocond 20) i P«rk hill.- Tills match resulted lu a wiri for the fonnor by 3 goal« 21 holiinds lo 2 goals 12 bohluda Tbo match Powlett second r Kilmore Star was played ut Kilmore yesterday, with rho following ro Bolt :-Powlett Soeond, 2 goalB 10 behind*, to tho Star's 2 boblnd« The playors who wolo to tho fore for Powlott Second wera Anthony, Mullftly, Korr, Crocbor, Kappipurt, Crompton, and Stub MELBOURNE FOOTBALL CLUB SPORrS. A sports meeting nnder the management of the Melbourne Football Club was held yes- terday on tbe Melbourne Crickot Club Ground. Owing to the many other events of publio interest which bIbo took place the attendance was not so large as might have been expected on a public holiday. The programme was a very large one, but it was very satisfactorily conducted by a committee of management, cumulating of Messrs. 11. C A. Harrison, C TorreBter, J, Byrne, li". Baker, M. Mackenzie, A. Morris, D. Ran nard, A. Hunt, W. Boys, and H. D, Carr. The numerous events also were started with commendable punctuality. The ontriee for the races had been numerous, but in some event« the number of the com- petitors was cousiderahly narrowed down at the atarttng post Tbo committee offered a pn¿e of £D to tbe bicycle club which Bhould tie represented at tho meeting by tbe largest and beat equipped number of members. This attracted a very large number of btcjchstB to the ground, and a very effective parade was made by them during the afternoon The evolutions were directed aud led respectively by Mr George Burston- (captain) and Mr. .1. Ii. Clarke (vice-captain) of 'he Mel. bourne Bicycle Club, and ubout 150 bicycles were paraded. The competition for the pri75 w11» felt to he between the Mel- bourne club and the Normanby club. The senior club hud the lamest muster of members, vi/ , 31, but the Normanby, with 32 member«, was awarded the prize, tn conse- quence of almost all ita members beiug m full uniform. The Melbourne club has but lately changed the colour of ita uniform, and number of ita members have not yet adopted the new colour, so that ne appearauce ua a body was not, in the judge's opinion, auch us to entitle it to bo placed abovo the Nor- manby, who presented a most creditable appearance. There was a good deal ol variety m the programme, and tbo events nore sufficiently numerous to bo contested close succession without any delays The challenge cup, to be given to the beat amateur runner ut distances of 100 yardB, a quarter-nnle, and n half mile (to be held at three meetings) waa for a second time easily won hy W DouglaB, who was brat in the 100 and HO yards events and third in the 8S0 yards race, in which, however, he made no effort, having already gained the number ol points necessary to secure the prize The results of tbe various events were as followB - KICKING VOR GOAL Al 40 yard« (place or drop) n. Carr _ ..._.... 1 W Stiffs ara, equal with tho wloner In the tint three kicks, but eubnequon'ly Carr wou, his klcktug being very good. »BOJ» KICK F W. Ulbrick (60 yarda) .. _ "1 150 1AKDS BUNNING WITH A BALL. # 8 Ihowlls .. .. _ .. " i Tilla event was contested in six lira's Tbeio woro a number of competitor«, but most of them were diaqnalllicd through faiilug to comply fully »lib tho conditions of the contest a« regards the requisito number of times of bouncing ilia ball. HUNNiNO ma» jusir. T Walsh, Git. Bin _ .. .. "1 P Ctuiulntthaui alao computed 100 YARDS CHALLENGE OUI'. W. Douglas " _ .. " "I M Lsarthan.2 T Bennett - _ .U tv, Doitcrlas won comparatively easily in le*«. ISO YAltDS HANDICAP FLAT BAOI. F. W Ulbrick, 8 yds .. .. " "1 It. Lowe ra, 2 yd« .. .. _ .. 2 A Douglas, 2 yds .3 lu tbe first ol tbo boats In which thlsovont was r . W. billie and A Duuglas wore Drat and «ocond, in the second Ulbrick and Ó Mackay filled th« places, and lu the third S Bra}eli»J Mid O Altkon «em tilt, placed mou, the final heat reaultlng as ehowu aboie, lime, lr-Vi 120 YAltDS HANDICAP IIUIIDLB BACH, O C. Jd'Knigllt, Byua.1 IT Urayabay, 6yd« _ .2 S Ihowlls aud P Cunniogham wero the other tna to'tanls left In tbo last heal which waa won In 17}s d40 CIIALLKNGB COP BALK W Dnuglaa .. .. "1 M. Learlbatl .. " " .. ..2 T. Bennett ...8 'f ho race wa« made very fast by Doug)«« and Luari ian, ana at the dulah tbo former drew away and PARADE OF BlOVCLB CLUBS Normanby B ti.1 Victoria B O " .. .. " ..3 ONE MILE BICYCLE HACK First lleiut -If. It Siokos («cratch), 1 : F. Crowley (70 yarda), 2 ; W. a Bloomfield (10 yards), 3. Second Heal.-T. Shacklolnrd (lo yiirda), 1 ; - I'oulkes (100 yartla), 2 Fiuat Ueat - H It. Stokes, 1; W. H BloomuVld, 2; T Muckleford, 3. The feature of tit« race was tho excellent riding of H li Stakon, who won boUt lils huats In a aplin did manner, luaving all the bandleapiHid mau far liehiuo when ho pasted tho winning post Time, Sol 32« 1Ö0 YARDS HANDICAP RACE 1» J. liai Icb (0 j arm).. " _ _ 1 It Lower«(7 yards) .. " .. _ 2 IS Biayshay (0 yards).3 This event was run lu heats, which, howevor, were not vory kcooly eonteaied 410 YARDS HANDICAP RACE, r. W Ulindi k(l4ynru») .. 1 K alurpliy(U)aida). .. !! Hum, GOB TOLE .lUMl'INO T. Walsh, Olt 6ln .I Wulsb cleared tbo polo vri-y clevorly up to tho hslihtmcntloiiod without a failure, and was loudly applauued for bia jumping. 880 ÎAltDS CHALLENGE CUP. M Ioailhnn . _ .t l Bennett .. ... " . t W. Douglas ..___.. 8 W. Diuglita baling won tho t»o provint;« éventa for tthls cup did uot oxerl blmselt In allia race and tile Irreult was dcclaicd to bo a dead boat between the other two mon T Buniivtt afterwards ran oler the i* uno aluno, and ootalued tho suound place Time, ¡lim 20js ONE .MILL! HANDICAP '- c Lamro k, du yards " " ..I A Smith, 30 yards.2 Lamrock ran «oil throughout, and took the lead Just belora panning tbe wluulng put. 1WO MILrS 111CÏCLB HAGE. H II Stokes, scratch " _ 1 .i O'Nell 70yards . _ _ ..2 In Ibis, as In tbo previous'bléfclè races, n R I Si uko« proven far superior to ino uiher compstluirrc, land ivon easily, Id« spoodbtlug remarkable, 11ms, u 01 TWO MILLS WALKLNO MA101I For this post outrlus wero rtcoived Four starra d, ibut as it was becomlog du k tha i miteat wa» nut lory clojclj wa'ched It was won by J tlentlorsou 