THE NOVELIST. BROWN.-EYES. BI ,IARY 0ROIMMIELIN. (Continued.) "I will," cried the young fisher man; "I will take you." But he looked at Vane. "And lie? Is he Is he going to marry her ?" Hope mutely nodded assent. There was a struggle in poor Pieter'd mind. Must he, of all men, bring over a bridegroom to his lost love in his own ship, the g"od Hope of Blessing? How often he had pictuied to *hiimself Augel standing on her deck, as mistress, and nIIow ! With a groan Pieter drew his hand across his face, thinking to himself what did it matter; and it would make her happy! "Come-" said lie to Harry Vane; " Come, I will take you over." Ten minutes later, and the good boat was outside the harbour, pushing her way through the black lapping waves, just tipped with faint moon light. Pieter once alive to the idea that danger menaced Angel, was quirk and capable. No "stuurman" knew better the often dangerous pas sage across among the shoals; and well it was they had him- that night, for the breeze was fitful, coming in treacherous gusts, and they had con stantly to tack and put out the 'gr3at weather-boards. Nearly three-quarters of an hour they had been Nailing towards the island, which now seemed like a dark huge raft, lying low above the water; its little lighthouse by the harbour, that had at first only twinkled no larger than a star across the midnight waters of the "golden sea," shone clear and bright. Hope and Uarry Vane had watched it ever increasing with eager eyes, as they sat nelr Pieter at the helm, straining their sight through the night and conversing to gether in whispers. "' It will take us ten minutes more, yet often we do it in haif-an-hour," muttered Pieter, as lihe gz3ed ahead into the darkness. Then he gave a 1.,w exclamation of surprise, saying quickly to Hope, " Do you ose that light to the left? It is in my jhouse ! Mine stands apart. Engeltje must have set a lamp in the window. She has been nursing my 'sik mother all the week, Heaven bless her! but I fear that means the poor soul is worse to-night." Hope saw the light, indeel, and gazed with his father's heart full of love and interest. So that was how his long-lost chill was employed, ten derly watching by the. sick; little guessing he was so near. In his dea light he whispered to HarSy, who looked too-with ,all the feelings of a lover. Neither thought much, it is to be feared, of the fish rman's filial anxiety beside them, who d red not l~t his attention stray again from steer ing his vessel through the shoals around. After a short time, Harry Vane all at once gave a quick cry, " Pieter ! Pieter!"-and pointed towards the light, that had grown strangely larger and suddenly flated up in a broad red glow. " What is that?' See there !" " God in heaven ! the house is on fire!" burst hoarsely from Pi ter's th1 oat. He had almoost let go the helm but that warning shouts from the other fishermen. two Kle:st cusins and a boy, recalled him to his senses. "'We shall be on the sandbank. Don't drown us, man i" they cried, anxious too, but inmore alive to their own situation. Hope and HaIIry Vane had sprung to the side of the smnack, half madden ed at being pent there. " Run us as.lioe, anywhere- anywher-anywhe !" they exclaimed, stating with s'raining eyeo balls at the fire that soon sprang up higher than before through the dark in sudden bursts of horrible brightness. They seemed now in front of the cut tage; but thei harhour at a few minutes'distance had still to be gain,.d. " Give one of us tihe helm, IPieter,'' exclaimed his cousins, as they stood by, ioused from their natural slolidity by pity and sympathy. Pieter shook his head. The sweat .tood thick on his brow, but he grasp ed the tiller firmer with strong hanids, and with one despairing look at his burning home, turned his eyes steadily to the haieib,ur. Each moment 'was precious-and not another man could steer his vessel like himself. SHe is right; let himu be," mur o uredi the ether sailors sdmiringly, each one ready to carry out liiter's hoarse, brief words of command. (Only Hope and Harry Vane were id e, wiort oh all. eidturing the whole iiisery of inaction. The moments seemed hours! Father an I lwver gaz.d at that terrible blazing light with miser able eyes. Angel wasethere Agel-- perhaps suffocatiing-dying. M''y love, miy love l" thought the cn-i. "?My child-my daughter I to I,se her after all these years, at such a moment," thought the other. Oily 1ieter ciuld not think; though his big honest hea;t seeimed bursting. Not only his love too (though list to him) but his old mother, his home, goods, a11 hie hcld dear were at stake. Wouid they never rounid the harbour? Now-now i they were rourding the point; they wore inside it. The great sails flapped ; hourse, guttural cries were exchanged; then the vessel's sides grazer1 tile wharf, and they lunpt ashore in the da kness. How they ran ! Pieter was fore most, but Harry Vane nevi'r was a yard behind him in thiat short but terrible nmid-hnight race. Next follow. ad thie other fisheri:ev. Iast of all came the 'poor falther, with aInboured breath, feeling paiiifully that hlie was oldest and stiffest of them all as helie struggled to keep the b;ack figtnes alihed in right, since they [knew the liar'tr i aths along tte riyke-tips rhi-h he feared to, riss. The glare of the cottage lit their last steps ; and asPeilng thie other lhouses they cme in lull sight of it, as it stood a little apar t. A smnall crowd was now seen nr,nd1 , blak'figurrs against the glow -mostly women, since almost all th rn weVr:e at sea, but striving ;hir I best as tley passed buckets c-f water from hand to hand, dashing them on the fire. The flames leapt out in a great flare at one end of the hut, in the dwelling-room; but the saleping chamber was still untouched. The people were devoting all thl, ir energies to save this part, and the strong wind helped them, driving brk the hot red curtain of fro ; though between easc gust a thick cloud of smoke. sparks, and leaping tongues of flame came eddying back round tlbis end of the devoted little home. Pieter burst through the throng. "Pieter! Pieter ! your mother is safe," they cried to hitm, pointing to where the sick woman lay at some distance wrapped in blankets. He paused an instant, thankful for that news, but still looking round. "Engeltje saved her. She helped her through the window; but dear heavens! the girl is inside there still" " W1here? where ?" he called out with desperate eyes. "In the sleeping-chamber," they all shouted in chorsa. " She was at the window just now, Lut sank back as if suffocated by smoke, and none of us can get near.--Ahi!" For Pieter never listened to all they said, but had sprung forward and forced his body through the small casement, closely followe l by i.lirry Vane. A thick volume of smoke at the samti moment, in a lull, blotted them out from'view. A few breathless seconds! . Then the young English artist was seen staggering back thiough the blinding cloud carrying a girl's white figure in his arms. A great cheer of joy burst from the little crowd. Father, peasant-mother, and friends, surrounded Harry and Angel's fainting form with intense anxiety and tender ministrations. "Is she alive? . . . My God have I found my child after all these years only to see her die ?" cried poor Hope egonised, speaking in English. "She is alive ! Look she is opening her eyes," answered Janet Moss's voice, which sounded like that of a heaven- sent angel to him. "Leave her to Catharina-to heir adopted mother. Do not startle her just yet. Stand aside with me ani watch." But the little group, in its almost selfishly absorbed interest, did not re main apart moire than a few short muinut-s, for there came a great shout from the people round the burning house-next a sudden silence. Harry Vane, seeing all had stopped working round the fire, as if struck with con sternation, hurried forward (no,w that Angel was safe and reviving) eager to give his s'rong-armed help. What had happened ? " Pieter Kleist," re peated all the fisher-.flk in the hum of lamentation that now arose. " Pieter Kleist--he is dead" Shocked. Harry thrust his way for ward to where the sailors of the good Hope of Blessing were bending over an inert, prost:ate form, which had a? lately been their skilful captain and kindly c.:sin. ouo true; the young fisherman lay quite deadl. He had remaine;l a minute or two overlong in the burning house, tryi ng with desperate handls to sea'ch so:ne of his muach-loveah simple houselold relics from the flames; than just as he was forcing his way out again, a mass of heavy tiles and wood fell from the roof, crushing :lhim to earth. "His cousins rushed in and dragged his bldy from unider the stioking ruins. but the life, the soul, was fled. All' lis kinsfolk ha l gathered round a:,d stood lamenting. His old mother only tiicken to death by the terror of that fearful night, smiled with a gentle distraunght ,lok wh',n they tiol,l hier and said siho would follow him ; Pieter had been a good son to her, and never left her but once. (Anwl indeed, be f "-r morning broke, st, she went.) Then the two.groups1-ono of joy, tne oe morning-went back village wards; all the women leaving the burning hut to its fate On)l the men still stayed to save what they could as the fire burnt itself out. Ho-e and Harry Vane, too, being forbildde to see Angel yet, whom the apothecary had taken in charge, were glad to re iieove their minds in helping the poor fi~sher-folk. And now a strange thiin?i happened. The dawn was beginning fr int acd grey, when one of the men with a low xclamuation pointed to where a white figure, at some disttance came stealing out from the deep shadow to leeward ,t the dyke. It glided nearer over the now deserted open griund, like a ghost; and the men pausing gathered tigethler belhiJd the lbut, by mute con sent, to see what this miight be. Dear Lord I! on it came, dancing strangely and singing in a harsh voice,, not see iig or unheeding the few motioiless liguro watelhitg. It was a tall meagre 'oman with long black hair falling wildly down liher back. Harry Vane gave a low exclama:ion ind caught Hope hy the arm, who knew at once tha.t it must be Miriam Bracegirdle. 1'oor Harry stepped out iuddenly confronting her, "Wretched woman! what are you -doiig here?" he naskted his auit. Shte looked up in his face with unrcognising eyes nid lauglhedt--tlohen gibb-rad to her. self, a maniac! . "The poor English lady," said the issher-filk, " in the t,-rror of the fire 'he has lost hter wits." (Aniid so it was best they shoull suppose, what nver terribl,: suspicious were harbour id in the minds of those who knew lier bett-r.) rThey led lher gently away still looking biack at the black charred nlass and laughing low to herself, her it of frenzy past. She never harmed anyone more; never agtin rcrossed the tlreshol.l it oir dreary house, But in a great builhtig on a breezy hill int Engladl a tall dark woman lived. under cat efli r"tch, uiotm in aster yearse Harry rani- at certain times wi-nt to see ; and aith hinm, a pair of lustrius brown yies wouhi gaze on her t.-nderly and n pity. IBut ernoug of Miriam Brace .idie. En:ugh too oft thie tue but tasnrig sirrow on the island fir poor Pieter Klaist. Before the suimmner :,s over, tile grass was gretn otn the sods of his grave; and a K?list cousin sailed the Il epa of Blhssinig anrid wias Lha b, tic- able to provide f~r a small family of round-capped girls and strong fisher-boys. So now it, " Fits not well, Old woes bat joys to tell Against the bridal dlay, which is not long : Sweet Thames ! run softly till I end my song." The meeting between Angel and her father, after years of a separation like death, was too 9eCred to be lightly described. So soon as she was strong enough on the sunny May morning following that terrible night of the fire they told her the wonderful news. She entreated to see him at once. " But he is not alone! When will you see Mr. Vane, too-the poor painter whose picture did all this ?" slily put in Janet Moss, laughing to herself under her big sun-bonnet. Her sympathies were most with the young man and lover, it must be own ed ; while good Catharina's were ut terly on the parent's side. But Angel blushed only, and turned ,away her head; this seemed an earthlier matter a less holy flame of love. "Afterwards- perhaps," site said. And afterwards, indeed; Hope himself went to find Harry Vane, who was waiting outside in anxious earer ness. " He brought "ou to me first, and now I bring him," said the happy father ; seeing how a light of addti tional supreme happiness overspread the face of his brown-eyed daughter at that-she who was already the em bodiment of all his fondest hopes and once despairing wishes. " Oh," uttered poor Angal with fluttering breath, looking from one to the other, "to have you both !-it seems too tnuch !" Meanwhile Harry Yano was holding both her hands clasped in his own as if, he would never let them go again; gazing with all his heart in his eyes at the fair face to which her portrait now seemed to himself so poor. "Ah, Angel," he said, "1 have so often wondered whether you had for gotten me." Then the father went away and left them. He felt as if he could never look enough at his Angel, too; hut had learnt self-renunciation through lng years. As if to strengthen him in the feeling that he must not ask to be alwais first hencefo'rth in the young life of his chill, Catharina met jhim with smiling though tearful eyes "The boats come in to-night, and Geert, my man, will be so proud and pleased to think of our Enzeltjebeing a great lady-though sorry too," she said. "Only --may she not be mar ried from our home in the beautiful wedding-clothes that my mother and grandmother 'wore before me? See! I have ale sys looked forward to see.. ing how brave our Brown-eyes would lock in them, and we have no other daunghter. you know." " If she wishes it, too, it shall be as you wish," said H pe, moved by the humble request of the poor, adoptive peasant mother. He had always pre ferred a sinple ;life and retirement himself to all Ioutward pomp dr di-play and] had no wish that his dlaughter's stracage story should be widely known and wondered at, when-at last-at last-she was brought back to Hurst Royal. It can easily be guessed what Angel's answer was-not only to this, but also to what Harry Vane had to say as a preliminary arrangement. And Janet Muss, poor Janet, was the most glad of any. 'No, no; I'm not going over to your grand home to frighten strange folks with my ugly face," she bravely said, when Angel clung about her neck kissing her. " I've grown used to Dutch people and the life here but you'll come over to see us, child -at times." And the former fisher maiden promised, her beautiful eyes hiimming over with tears. So that sumimer b fote the hay miaking there was a Kranid wedding in the little church, and who so proud as G3aert and Oatharina aisong all the pleased island-folk. M1any and many a blessing followed the boat which bore the happy young couplle over the waters of tise "golden sea." " Aht !' said Brown-eyes, looking back at the low island with clasped hands, feeling all her utmost dreams of hliss thus wonderfully fulfilled, " How happy I was there, too, afler a II " " I trust, my child, you will be still happier in yourt future life," said her father, fondly. He was crcssing with them to Monscikeondam, but thence meant to go by himself to England to prepuce Hurot Royal for their re~ep tjionr a little late,. And Harry Vane, thinking how lovely Angel looked in hicr travelling thress, her island c'sn umne I.id aside, felt itdeed that the (lay he first saw the bcown-eyed Maid of Ma:ken had brought hirm the good luck and hap piness of his life. THE END. 