FREE CHUECH OF ENGLAND, COLLING WOOD. Special Sermons were preached by Mr. N. Kinsman, on Sabbath, 11th February, it being his twentieth year as minister of the church, he took for his text, the 60 Isaiah, and part of the 7th verse, "and I will glorify the house of my Glory." Mr. Kinsman said that it was twenty years since he first preached from this text, which was on Sabbath the 8th February, 1863. and that he felt it to be a very solemn occasion. He would take a very retrospective view of the past, praying that the consideration might be blest to all. He held in his hand the printed sheet of hymns sang on the opening Sabbath ; the hymn just sung was one, "All hail the pow'r of Jesus name &c.;" Some who had united in singing this hymn had gone to be for ever with the Lord, he said that the chapter from which the text was taken, contained a glowing and beautiful description of the latter day glory which was to come, and he thought that God was now trying the churches, and the church of England in these latter days, and that God would punish the church for the pride and false preaching and teaching of some of the clergy; whilst there were. many good and holy men in the church, they were breathing and trying for gospel liberty. Look for instance at the meeting, recorded in the Southern Cross held at Kyne- ton, to alter the Athanasian Creed in order to relieve the consciences of those who feel it oppressive to read the creed. Whilst we in our church, having revised the prayer book, have done away with what is called the condemnatory clauses. Our views and doctrines as a Free Church of England have been printed as fol lows : First, No absolution or remission of sins by any minister, priest, bishop, or church. No man living having authority from the Bible to say "And by His authority com mitted to me I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:.-Amen. Second, No godfathers, or godmothers required at infant baptism, and that no child is made by baptism a member of Christ, a child of God, or an inheritor of the Kingdom of Heaven. (I do not believe in baptismal regeneration.) Thirdly, No refusing to read the prayers over the corpes of an unbaptised infant, (I believe all unbaptised infants dying go to heaven), and no declaration that every adult is buried in sure and certain hope of the resurrection of eternal life. Fourthly, No commination servise. ",'dih do we believe that ('?- " hell. We are free under C; ..u.,,.u. u .e. Ours is a free pulpit and a free communion, open to all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truth. We would pro pound a free gospel, a free salvation opera ting through a living faith. Hopingthatthe time will soon come when all the churches of the land will be united with each other and the Lord. The Misses Wright of Chartersville, Heidelberg, who took a lively interest in the inmates of the Austin Hospital, and occasionally led the singing in connection. with the weekly services conducted there by the Rev. A. J. Pickering,-have suc ceeded in collecting sufficient money for the purchase of a very nice cabinet-organ for that institution. The tirst contribution they received was .£1 from Messrs. T. Russell and Co. of Hesso, on the 5th of January, and by the end of the month an instrument was bought from Messrs. Wilkie and Allan, the price being £24, but a reduction of .£2 was made, as it was for a charitable institution, and in addition to this the firm delivered it at Heidelberg free of charge. Mr. P. C. Plaisted kindly selected the organ, and it was used for the first time at Divine service, on Sunday afternoon the 4th instant-Miss Plaisted acting as organist. Mrs. Austin on being informed by Miss Morley, the matron of hospital that an effort was being made to obtain a cabinet-organ for the institution, and that a considerable amount had already been collected, desired that her name might be put on the list as a contributor of £5 towards the fund. The following are the names &c.; of contributors as they appear on the original list.-Messrs, T. Russell and Co., of Hesse, £1; Sir Charles Sladen, Geelong, .£2; Miss Ward Cole, Brighton, 5s.; Dr. Paley, Yarra Bend, £1; Mr. J. Drummond, Kyneton, £1; Messrs. Schemedes and Erbstoh and Co., Melbourne; 10s.; Miss Morley, Austin Hospital, 10s., Mr. Bruce, Melbourne, 2s. 6 1.; Mr. Find, Ditto, 104. 6d.; Miss E. Maneer, Austin Hospital, 5s.; Messrs. Tolhurst and Stainer, Melbourne, Ss.; Messrs. Lewis and Son, Ditto, 5..; A Friend, Ditto. 5s ; Mr. David Elder, nloonee Ponds. 10. Gd ; Mr. Hemery, Melbonrue, 10s.; Mr. Lewis Wals, dorf, Chalternri;le, 5s ; Mrs. Oilchrits Ditto, 5j.; Mrs. K. Pegg, Ditto, 5s.; Mrs. Laidlaw, Bulleen ;1-; l'hle Mis'es-Laidlaw, Ditto, £1 ; Mr. Gowan, St. Kilda, £1; Mr. A. R. Reed, Geelong, 5s.; Mrs. D. C. McArthur, Charterisville, £1; A Friend, Melbourne, 10.; Mrs. Austin, Barwon Park, £5; Mr. F. Clark, Alphington, £1; Mr. John O'Brien, Charterisville, £1; - , 10s. 