AMK POPULI. . — _ ? -3- ? , — — ????'? By the Fuaneue. Poou Parkos ! Tho engineer who was hoisted up by his own machinery was only a circumstance compared to our late lamented Dictator, who, I need scarcely say, is, ' though lost to sight to memory dear.' The good deeds that men do aro buriod with thorn ; it is only their faults we ever think of. That, I bolieve, is the only reason wo over think of Sir 'Story now at all. Six inches of earth will cover all his public good deeds (the Kiarnc ghost included) ; but luckily for himself he has left us ono or two mementos which cannot fail to occasionally draw our atton tion to him. Poetical Pitt and other admirers of Byron will probably romember the legacy donated by tho ladies of Spain to Don Juaa'o bo'sun. Such ane the gifts of Parkoa, or, coming noaror to homo, Sir 'Enry would appear to be duly qualified to bo onrolled among that glorious band of patriots who, a3 0-oorgo B£rrington, late of H. M. 6-aol, sang, ' left their country far their country's good;' or perhaps the autograph collec tor and seller might bo moro appropriately classed with the statesmen of whom Junius wrote, 'Thoy leave their country like a cast -oft mis tress, to perish under tho diseases they have given her.' And one of tho lasting mementos tho arch humbug left us is tho notorious ' Hoducation ilact. Day after day the asinine peculiarities or this inspired measure are exposed in the public press, but it remained for the -J three tailors' of Mitta gong to crown the Solonical Bill with con tempt and ridicule. Our readers will no doubt remember that some time ago a few of the select Mifctcgongeese took occasion to buck over tho appointment of a schoolmaster whose only qualifications for tho billet were his sterling worth, honesty, sobriety, and ability, and who capped all these crimes with the unpardonable offence of boing a Catholic. As all intelligent persons who have tho honour of Danny Allen and Go's, acquaintance know, the solo end and aims of a good Catholic's life are to upend morality in general, and to danco up to their knees in tho blood of their Protestant brethren. And the more you dance in the oppositionists' gore, and the more you hate your neighbour for tho love of God, tho greater are your chances of salva tion. Such is the Catholic creed — as expounded by tho Barrys, the Begs, cb hoc genus omne. All these reflections are pushed upon me to day by tho perusal of a Herald telegram which says a new Protestant school lias boon opened at Mittagong m opposition to tho Public school, and it already boasts of '70 children, ' most of whom have been withdrawn from the latter school.' What bitea me most about this is tho sad, the deplorable, the humiliating, the chuckmeinthe blooming-guttor fact that the loyal Protestant Mittagongeese navo openiy revolted, ana cola nor Majesty's representatives straight — ' The back of our hands to yourselves and toleration ; we'll run our schools our own way and have thorn Protes tant or nothing.' What would bo said to a Catholic community who dared to act like this ? What would bo dono to the J.P. who dared to place himself at tho head of such a social rovolu tion ? Catholics should look closer after their laurelo. Th'ey aro not tho only class who aro led by tho nose, and whoso ideal of a just Gk)d is a Bigot. Local papers pleaso copy. I am painfully aware of tho fact that I am crodited with an ability to say a groat deal moro than my prayers, and so I will for tho present refrain from speaking in tho first porson singular respecting 'Enry's Hact, and contont myself with quoting a few of tho Education inspectors official utterances. First of all wo avo told by those gentlemen that although there are 175,000 chil dren of tho duly-qualified nge on tho roll in this colony, not more than 75,000 attend the required numbor of schooldays, or in other words moro than one-half of our youngsters snap thoir fingors at tho compulsory inspectors' taunts, and so do their sistoro, and their cousins, and thoir aunts. It would be stupid of courao to supposo that all tho children in the land could bo forcod to attend, because somo parents aro moan enough to hide thoir sons and daughters in picklo bottlos and empty jam tins ; but ono v/ould surely think wo could yavd a littlo more than 55 par cent, of our young Australians. Speaking of private schools inspector ITo. 2 declares : — 'Parents send their children totheoo schools i:o enable thom to utiliso tho ltvbour oil their cliildron during two, throe, and oometimos moro days in the week for their own sordid purposes.' Now as Touchstone v/ould say, t( sordid purposeo' is ' good, very good, very excellent good — and yet it is not,' because many parents send their children to private schools simply because they consider thom far superior to tho public ones. Great stress is laid on tho fact fchnt one inspector dropped on a Kippax-streot school in which 43 children were jammed into a room 12 x 10 x 9. This of course was exceedingly wrong, but aro our : public schools much hotter ? lo there any material improvement in cramming 430 children into a ?' room 120 s 100 over the herding of 43 youngsters in a 12 s 10 chanty ? If there is, ti'ot it out a^ once. I want to get a cabinot photograph of the said improvement, and I want to hand it down fco my 430th posterity as a siimplo of the inspired 12 2: 10 wisdom of somo of our goobung legislators of tho present day. Secondly, will wo over wake up to tho £act that oomo parents aro impelled fco send their children to these private schools Bimply from tho great lovo they bear thoir offspring ? Take, for instance, tho caso of a Catholic mother who lives in Kippax-streot, and who is desirous that her son and heir, agod 18 months, should thoroughly understand the throe E.'s (readin', ritin', and rithmetic). Is it at all likely she v/ould start him off every morn in all the pomp and circumstance of a clean-boiled pinny and a somewhat neglected noso fco paddle his own canoe down to the William street State acadomy, and risk fcho moving acci dents by flood and field and tramcara, while at the same time obe can poke him safely through the fence nest door to a school bossed by a patient, industrious, conscientious little 6-stone-7 of afemi nino private teacher ? The Crown-street school, I (being the mother of ci family myself) am pain fully aware, is closer, but then oven in the present year of Anno Domini grace it is so crowded up that tho really good and deservedly respected teachers have to pick the locks off the doora, and scrape the walls to make room for their pupils ; therefore, what course is left to that Kippax° street mother or myself but to bundle our hearts' treasures into tho next yard, and let thom rip into 'Sullivan's Spelling Book Superseded' with out any further lot or hindrance ? Of courao tho grand old Sacred Heart school is still closer, but then, as my dech friend, M'Oourt, observes — and ho ought to know, having learned what ho knows in like places — the Jesuitical principles instilled into the youthful mind by places suoh as fcheBe is positively demoralizing to the 999th degree ; and therefore, that really deserving school is totally out of the question. At a rough guess it takes £12,000 to build any kind of a State school. £11,999 pounds of this are frittered away in toathetic fandanherlimo, and other outside fixing while the real health and comfort of tho children are seldom or novor thought of. As a proof of what I aay I can safely take one otandpoint alone, and confidently assort that if our boss eye- doctor, Dr. Worris, was asked to report on the ' light' provision of our Public schools he could (to put it mildly) point ouc much improvement. How one thing brings up another — castor oil for instance. Talking of light reminds mo of a generous deed which really doea deserve record ing. Most of our readers labour under tho delu Bion that ' St. Peter's' stands in an out-of-the* way place called Homo — that it is ono of the rich est cathedrals in tho world, and that it is presided over by the Pope. All this is wrong. I happea to live in tho real Sir Roger pariah myself, and of course I know all — perhaps even more than all — about it. St. Peter's is a modoot, unassuming littlo church in Surry Hills; it is govornod by Dean Flanagan, one of tho real good old school of priests — ono of tho roal workers, not /-hikers, in the vineyard — and St. Peter's is also so poor that, as my gonial friend tho King of Louth would say, a crow couldn't live in the district. In opito of nil this, however, the littlo church, tho foundation stone of which was laid by that Prince of Prelates, Dr. Yaughan, in 1880, has struggled as gamoly on as Sardonyx did for tho Rand wick Plato, and now, as somo ono vory truly observed in our last Febemak it actually sets a good example to many of its seniors. But then St. Pcfror's boasts of a most energotic committee, a vory Colorado-beetlo of secretaries in Mr. Donnelly, an excellont choir, and so on it rusliee to fcho front and chalks its name in job-type letters on tho blazing scroll of fame, utterly regardless of all oxponso. (1ST.B. Tho above is written to annoy all other parishes , and to urge thom along to deeds meritorious.) What I wiGh to got at, howovor, is'tho ff cfcthafe whon one or two club fcogothor fcho nuceoas of a church 13 certain. For example our sincerely lamented friend Phil M'OiutoII generously lit St« Potor'a up with ga3 3 our big-heuriod parishioner, Mr. John Wulob, donated u fourth of the organ 1 money ; and now the littlo church ia enrichod and) ifco congregation made comfortable by tho princely preoont oi' a gift of a pair oi1 sploudid sun-lighta by Mr, John Gfrotid of Oxfoid-Btroet, ,) It's wonderful how some do it, and yet they do. But a few short weeks ago the general public was sitting down on itB tail and howling ita head off. over the ' cairyings-on' of what the only M'Blhone calls the ' binjie-buatin',' and which Mr. Dally more poetically calls the ' dining-out' Administration. Tho plain fact, however, remains in all ito repulsive nakedness that tho Stuart Ministry hca clowly but ourely talked, and eafc, and drunk itoolf into moot esten eivo popularity. Alexander is not only a grand commander, but he ia a capital feeder aloo, and no roan who has a good reliable digestion can ever be bad at heart. The plain truth is fchat the present Ministry has von good opin ions from all 3 simply by ita j oily-good-fellow- ship, and if it only performs one-half of what it has already promioed (and I think it will), Alex ander can safely say he has done the State some 88rvico. Apropos of thia I have just noticed our friend O'Mara has thoughtfully introduced our Minister for Mines to tho Adelong district. Being rather unwell to-day, I will refrain from saying the festive diggers ' Adelong' time to wait for thio distinguished privilege ; but from what I know of tho locality I believe it to bo a second edition of El Dorado, and the Hon. O'Mara could not have benefited the district more if he lived to be no old as Methuselah's grandfather than he did when he trotted out tho Hon. Mi\ Abbott. Success attend tho pair ; and may good digestion wait , on appetite, for I'm afraid the digestion soroly wants encouragement. 