ECHOES OF MELBOURNE, [BY Tiee G0osT.] Sept. 15. All work and no play has evidently made our political Jacks extremely dull boys. The pro ceedings in both Houses of Parliament have been as flat as ditchwater, no little "scene" even occurring to vary their dull monotony. The estimates are, as a rule, not a very enlivening subject, and perhaps now that the report upon the resolutions in regard to the year's expenditure has been agreed to, and little more life may be infused into the debates. But there is not much appear ance of any party being prepared to tread upon any other party's political coat tail just at the present moment. The Oppo sitionists appear for the nonce to have ac cepted the situation. Ministers now talk boldly of "giving consideration to the matter during the recess," which is tanta mount to the avowal that they one no storm ahead which may have the effect of keeping them from this desired haven of rest. Even Mr. Graves and Mr. M'Intyre have grown less aggressive, and Major Smith's attacks from the rear lost nmuch of their vigour, so the work of legislation lihas gone merrily on. The Judicature Bill has passed the Upper House, and the Melbourne Tramway Bill, with some trifling amendments, sent back to the Assembly for the final approval of the " popular branch of the Legislature." The estimates have also run the gauntlet of their final stage, and when the post poned stems for the Defence Force and the Public Library have been sufficiently talked over, the Assembly will cease to be troubled with estimates until they once more appear in the shaope of suepple moentary ones. Like the postcripts of ladies' letters, these addenda oftencontain more important matter than the docu ments to which thoey are appended, and there is every probability that the present Government will not depart from es tablished precedent. Private members' business has also progressed most satis factorily, the measures engineered by Mr. Coppin for allowing persons to settle homesteads on themselves, Mr. Shield's bill to render the placens ,exqr virtually independent of the liege lord, and Mr. Quick's bill to permit the incorporation of literary associations, having all been advanced a stage. The week's work is certainly creditable, and the £6 5s coming to eachhon. member fairly earned. Some rather queer revelations were made by some of the witnesses examined before the Ordnance Board-a body charged with enquiring into the condition of the military and stores in possession of the Government of Victoria. Dozens of rifles have at various times been lent to various theatres, the managers treating the borrowed weapons with as little cere- mony as if they were loaned umbrellas, and forgetting to return them. Articles have disappeared in a most mysterious way, no record of when, where, or how they vanished being obtainable. And it was further elicited that "about a ton" of salt beef had been among the sea stores of the Nelson ever since the arrival of that standing example of official blun- dering on the part of "our lords who rule the waters," in Hobson's Bay. The story of that much travelled salt junk would be doubtless an eventful one. It was given in evidence that the aforesaid beef had been "re-packed" so far back as 1840 by the home authorities. How long this marine delicacy had been in pickle previous to this renovating process is of course only a matter for conjecture. It may have been, for aught known to the contrary, frozen during an expedition to the North Pole, or parboiled during a cruise on the coast of Africa. But any way, if Gunner Jubbs is to be believed and that gallant tar should be an autho- rity on the matter-age has not caused the "sailors' friend" to become more toothsome. It has not, like wine, im- proved by long keeping. He told the Board that "even the sharks wouldn't touch it;" and when those omnivorous sea monsters turn up their not-over-fas- tidious noses at the antiquated viands offered them, it may fairly be surmised that they can't be very appetising. Would it not be well to have some of these sea-stores cooked and served up at the next Ministerial banquet ? Salt beef half a century old would be a decided epicurean novelty. And talking of novelties one's thoughts are necessarily led to the " now depar tureo" in journalism taken by the Daily 'elegraph. In order to gratify a fad of some of the " unco guid" among the now proprietary into whose hands the paper has fallen, there is to be no more work done oe Sundays. Henceforth the com positors are to stand idle until the last echo of the midnight chime proclaims the birth of Monday morning. Then the portals of the establishment are to be thrown open; the sleepy reporters who have perhaps just arisen from their first nap, or been awaiting the " witching hour of night" in the nearest pub, are to com monce their labours; and the patient advertisers who have boon kicking their heels about waiting for admission, to be attended to. Whether this plan will be adhered to remains to be proved. It has the disadvantage of depriving both the literary eind mochhntcal - stafti of their only holiday- Saturday-as in stead of having nothing to do on that day they have to attend at the office until midnight. If the goody-goodies were to think the matter out, they would discover that under the :now system there is far more of what they are pleased to style Sabbath desecration than under the old method of conducting the business of the paper. And if they could only hear the very strong language their course of action has provoked among the "poor printers" thus virtually nolens volens com polled to become Sabbatarians, Mensrs. Balfour, H. W. Davies, M'Kiollay, the Rov. A. R. Fitchett, and the rest of the saintly proprietors might perchance ar rive at the conclusion that in regard to the morals of the D). 7', " the last state of that house is worse than the first." "Scape goats" are as much in request in our time as they were in the clays of Abraham and Isaac. The Railway do.e partmenont has just afforded the world an example of the desire to afix the conse quences of their own faulty plan of man agement, which proves the truth of the averment of the anxiety which always is ohown by people to shift the responsi bility of their own blundering on others' houleelors. The engine driver and the signalman who contributed towards the Noewmarket railway accident have been, at the instance ofthoRailwaydepartment, committed for trial. This step will not, however, save the country from the re sults of the disaster. Claims are being sent in daily for damages, and if the tax payers of the colony escape under £10,000 they will indeed be lucky. The next best thing now a-days to coming in for a fortune is being in a "railwvay accident." It's safer for a prize than even a ticket in the sweeps of " Orient " or "Adamaster." White, the alleged forger, has been brought back from Sydney. Strange to say, his arrival has caused a flutter in many a money-lending dovecot. It was so simple a way of refusing to honour an acceptance by declaring the '' little bill" to be a forgery, that the privilege, it is believed, has beoon used rather too freely, and the presence of Mr. White is there fore not looked upon as an unmixed blessing by those whose autographs are appended to the " promises to pay." The melancholy sensation of the week has been the fatal fire at South Yarra, causing the death of live children. Four perished in the burning building, a fifth dying a few hours after from the injuries received. The origin of the conflagration will probably always remain a mystery, the Coroner and his twelve good men and true having been unable to ascertain how the placobecame ignited. Tile deepest sympathy has been evoked in favour of the bereaved parents, Mr. and Mrs Nash. It is somewhat strange our colonial pride has not rebelled before this at the action of the railway authorities. Second class carriages are arriving daily in the colony; constructed in England on the plan of those in use on the home lines. By the ingenious yet withal simple device of painting out the word " second" and substituting the word " first" on the panel of the doors, the vehicles are trans formed as by the touch of a magician's wand into first- class carriages. Is this not a virtual admission of our colonial inferiority 7 What is deemed accommoda tion for second-class English people is thought quite good enough for " first class" Victorians. And this is a demo cratic country ! No change has to be recorded in the temples of Thespis, if the re-appearance of the Montagoe-Turner company of English operatic singers be excepted.The return of the two principals to the Mel bourne stage has aftorded the public a real treat. M0r. Turner is in good voice, and Miss Annie Montague sings, if possible, more charmingly than ever. The "Bohemian Girl" has hold the boards during the week, and appears to be as great a favourite as ever. Ditto the Majeroni's, and ditto " Eureka" at the Royal. 