Turf Talk* The general entries for tbe forthcoming meetings of the Australian Jockey Club and Tattersall's Club closed on Wednesday last, when satisfactory lists of nominations were received. The first-named reunion is to take place at Band wick on Boxing Day, and six races are set for decision. Fifteen have found their way into the Hurdle Race, 14 remain in for the December Stakes.43 for the Summer Cup 29 in the Selling Plate, 11 in the Two-year-old Plate, ana 50 in the A. J. C. Handicap. Tattersall'ehas fared equally well, for there are 15 in the Hurdle Race, 42 remain in for ' the Cnp,' 38 in the Selling Race, nine in tbe Twoyear old Selling Race, and no less than 67 in the New Year's Gift Everyone who has been in the habit of visiting Bandwick either on race days or at dawn of day must be familiar witb the sturdy figure and good-natured face of William Bar rett, or, as he has for years' been called, ' Blanket.*' Well, ' Blanket,' after long years of industrious horse watching and ' touting,' has failed to realise a fortune, and has been struck down by illness. A few necessary comforts may serve to make the old man as good as new ; and we are . certain that his many sporting friends, who have so often worried his life out for ' tips,' will not be backward in for warding (heir mites to Mr. £. E. Jones at the International Hotel, or Mr. George Adams of TattersaHs, who will at once despatch the necessary assistance to the proper quarter. Mr. Edward Terry hae forwarded the following circular to gentlemen who are likely to hunt during the coining season : — ' The Northern Hunt Club season of 1883 ended upon the 1st September last, and subscriptions for the oom- ' ing season are now due. The sopport hitherto acoorded the club has not been as great as was anticipated, and certainly ' not as great as the introduction and foonding in New 8outh Wales of such a noble sport deserve. It is hoped, how ever, that there are sufficient gentlemen willing to subscribe who will do so when they are made aware that the com- - mittee intend to leave so effort untried to render the N orthern Hunt Club a permanent institution ; and to horse owners, breeders, and true sportsmen generally they, are compelled to look for encouragement and support. Onoe firmly established in the colony, hunting will be of the utmost benefit to horsebreeders in encouraging the breed of a claws cf horee very rare indeed, although vary much needed. The committee regret very mueh~to' state that Owing to business arrangements the' : gentleman who lus hitherto combined ably filled the offices, of master and secretary has been compelled to resiga both petitions. Owing to the liberality of Mr. Edward Terry the ciub !»«»? been enabled to have stabling and kennels built and a residence for the huntsman and whip purchased in East Maitland ; and it wotild be a matter of sincere regret, when the future looks so auspicious, if, through a lack of support on the part of those to whom wears bound to look for, it, the club had to be broken up. Arrange mhnta will be made before next season whereby the -Mwlr will be honted once or twice a week, as may be desired, for a lamp earn per annum, and will be at the dis posal of members residing too far from Maitland to attend for a given period, upon certain conditions which will be duly notified to all subscribers. The sub scription to constitute membership entitling one to ride in Hunt Club raceb has been fixed at £3 3s„ and to give voting power for dection of officers, and a share in the clab property, 4bc.. £5 5b The second day of the Hartley District Jo:key Club Spring ^Testing was held on Friday, when there was a much better attendance than on the first dav. The weather was pleasant and the course in fairly good condition. Con siderable inconvenience, however, was experienced, owing to the course being nearly 10 miles'ont in the bosh, over a bad toad. Flving Handicap : Kathleen 1, Wombein, 2. Fonr started. Won rather easily. Champagne Stakes: Malta 1, Queensborongh 2. Fonr started. A desperate finish between the two. Won by a head. Turf Club Handicap : Kangaroobie 1, Royal Blend 2. Four started. The pace was made by Wombein for first mile. Kangaroobie won rather easily at finish. Caloola threw rider- and bolted. Forced Handicap ; Malta 1, Kangaroobie 2. Three started. A great race. The Tam worth Summer Meeting was held on Tuesday. The weather was fine but very hot. There were about 400 persons ou the course. The following were the results : — Flying Handicap : Highland Mary 1, Myra 2. Prince of Wales' Stakes: Ethel 1, Reform 2, Lady Lee 3. Race Club Handicap : Blazes 1, Erin 2, Hazard 3. Railway * Handicap : Maiv 1, Una 2. Tamworth Mile : Stranger 1, Epicure 2. £thel, the winner of the Prince of Wales' Stakes, was sold by J. Wolfe, jun., to T. Cooke for 38 guineas. Tbe Hay Annual Meeting is to be held on Thursday and Friday, May 15 and 16, and au advertisement referring to the matter appears this week. The energetic hofc. secretary, Mr. H. Norman, calls attention to the following facts: — ' That our clab is giving the huge sum of £700 ia added money for the two- days' racing ; that horseowners can run for the chief prize of £250 at an expense of only £7 (ex clusive of sweep), and can see their weights in this raoe for the sum of £1 ; that there is no qualification fee, and in no race does the entrance money exceed 6 per cent, of the prize; that the Lachlan Racing Club's Annual Meeting will take place at Hillston (100 miles N.E. from Hay) on Thursday and Friday, May 1 and 2, 1884, bo that owners will be able to compete for the good prizes offered there, and have ample time to take *-ur meeting on their return journey to either Sydney, Wagga, Albury, Victoria, or X-eniliquin; and Special arrangements will probably be made by our club with the New South Wales Railway Depart ment, as to carriage of horses and passengers to our race meeting. The beautiful clear weather attracted trainers to the Course at an early hour on Tuesday, and most of the work vas done on the inner track, which is in capital order, but Vill soon need more rain to keep it so. Kelio sent Primus end Needle twice round slowly, and the evergreen Stella ?was treated to long slow work; while their stable mate Tfttnilinw did a strong gallop. Bolero, a brother to the cross grained Fandango had a hit more to say than Lady Temple nt the end of a smart half-mile ; and Clievedon(a brother to Chester), Alisia, and Buckingham did quiet exercise on the fan. Sardonyx, looking as fresh as ever, did a useful gallop ; and Bandmaster ran home fast after cantering, yavo, who has greatly improved, went a fast mile with Bnaveller, and Ionia finished before Regret at the end of a lively five furlongs. Hypatia cantered on the sand track. {Segenhoe ran a fast mile and it may be that he is_ a little above himself, but he is not a hard horse to train, pn* will not need any ' gruelling ' to get fit. Morpeth went 9- mile and a-half in his own fine taking style, and Superba tfid average work, while the others of Fennelly's string cantered. After cantering the Clarence River horse Pole £3 tar was rattled along for a solid mile ; Duggan has him ?very well for the time. Cambadello and Roqnette were sent mrvioeable work. Keys sent Macaroni, Lord of the Lake, 3lataplan, and Raven useful lessons. Alsopp has the Jtew Zealand horse Sir Modred in very nice condition for the time, and he beat Jack of ClubB over a good sound mile and a half. Honest John had the best of ihe Kelpie colt, and Ascot did a good working once round' with Bristol. Tait, Albert Victor, and a lot of others also prorked. Particular attention Is directed to our advertising columns, where the terms for the Goulburn, Hay, ana Canterbury Park meetings will be found, and tbey will re ceive every attention in oar next. The advertisement relating to additional bylaws of the Australian Jockey Club well deserves perusal. The club has done wisely and well. The Camden and Campbeiltown general entry is to close cm Monday next. Nominations were made for the handicaps last week, and will be found in our columns. The meeting is to come off on Saturday next, the 15th, and promises to be very successful. § The general entry for the Liverpool Jockey Club Meeting will be found amongst our list of coming events, and there is every probability of the meeting, which is to be played oat on Saturday, the 22nd, being one of the most enjoyable gatherings of the season. The Auckland (N. Z.) Summer Meeting, which is fixed for December 26 and the 1st and 2nd of January, should be about the beet ever held by the club. The weights for the Auckland Cup and Steeplechase will be found in another column. Mr. Joseph ThompEon, the well-known Victorian book i maker, intends to visit England after the V. R. C. Autumn Meeting. Twenty two horses ran for the Czarewitch Stakes, 2 miles 2 furlongs and 28 yards, and the places were filled by Mr. G. Lambert's Don Juan, 3 years, by John Davis from Ladylike, 5st. 101b. ; Mr. R. reek's Hockness, 5 years, by Albert Victor from Cicely Hockett, 7at. 41b. ; and the Duke of Hamilton's Cosmos, 3 years, by Hollingwood from Niagara, 6bU 51b. Don Juan won cleverly by a length, and Hockness beat Cosmos by half a length for second §lace; time, 3.59 3-6. The places in the Middle 'ark Plate, for two-year-olds, six furlongs, were occupied t-y Lord Falmouth's ally. Busybody, Sst. 71b , ty Petrarch from Spina way ; Mr. J.Houldsworth's b c Royal Fern, 9st., by Springfield from Wood Anemone ; and Sir J. Wil louphby's ch f , by Hermit from Adelaide, 9st. Superba, by Sterling from Highland Fling, 9st., was backed at even jznocey. Busybody won by half a length in 1.23, a time 4hat would have allowed many of our youngsters to be a 4ong way in it. Tristan beat Ossian by a length for the ?Champion Stakes, 1$ mile, in 1.7J. A firet- class course is being formed by the Canterbury Park Race Club, and the bill of fare will soon be issued. . The unreliable Santa Claus, having gone into Conolly'e : stable, will be trained on his old ground at Caulfield/ ' Martini-Henry and Le Grand both look somewhat light ?and jaded after their recent Victorian campaign, and neither ?will cany silk till they strip for their autumn engagements. The Plunger is not yet recovered from the effects of the injuries he received by the collision with Delneion ; but Mr. Rtdfearn thinks that after a long holiday he will be able to cace again. A somewhat mixed meeting took place at Druitt Town, oft Saturday last, when the proceedings were marked by disputes and protests. The following were the results : — Flying Handicap, six furlongs : Mr. T. Shore ns Uhlan, 5 years, 7st. 101b., 1 ; Mr. W. Douglas's Mulgrave, 4 years, Sat., 2; Mr. W. Cosgrove's Ddagonda, 3 years, 7st., 3. Galloway Race, once round : Mr. J.Gordon's Alice, 6st 51b., 1 ; Mr. T. Prentice's Maude, 6st. 101b., 2 ; Lady de Vers, 3. Druitt Town Handicap, twice round : Mr. F. Farrell's Joe (late Shanghrann). 7st 31b., 1 ; Mr. W. Douglas's Mui giftVBi 7eti 61b-i 2} Mr. J. Steeawtfs Jet, 7et. 12ib., 3t Cup Power's Bnow*^'. 121b™ sT 3lb' 2: J' M2fog7' E' C' Ckared UedTly 19000 bV the late Spring n16 *8th of thiB m--ntb, nominations are to TWi™I v? follow^ races, whici are to be run at the S i0n Bo™« D»y Trial Stakes of 15 sovs. j «* in so*, from starters, 1J mile; Half-mile t? B5*8, sweep of 1 sov. from starters: Moss Vale Handicap of 30 sovs. with a sweep of I sov. from ,' 5^' 'i mile ; Ladies' Purse of 1 sov. each with 15 added, once round ; Members' Gift (handicap) of 7 sovs. with a sweep of 10e. Entrance for the handicaps 1 sov. part of entrance fee. Entries 5 per cent, on amount of pnzes, Henry Soltan, the Arcade sweep promoter, must be a clever artful sbaver._ He explained all his business to an interesting, but inquisitive, stranger, who eventually resolved himself into a policeman. Fined £50, or three months to get cool on the heights of Darling hurst. „ hold a well-arranged meeting at Caulfield on Boxing Day. Six races are set for decision, ana all have filled well, and owners and trainers are re minded that all horses not scratched for the Juvenile Stakes, Hurdle Race, Steeplechase, and Summer Cup at or before 4 p.m. on Thursday, the 20th of this month, will be regarded as acceptors, and will be held liable for the sweep. Mistaken, who was purchased by Mr. E. Weeks some months ago, has been running well in fndfa, and amongst ? his victories the Viceroy's Cup is classed. Sylvia— the dam of Goldsbrough, Robin Hood, aud Martini- Henry —has a colt foal by Anteros this season. Anteros is by Loiterer (by Stockwell from Ennui) from Adrasta, by Orlando from Torment, by Alarm, &c.; ; and as Sylvia, who is by Fisherman from the wonderful old Juliet, never threw a bad one, the new arrival must not be lost sight of. Racing is taking a tam for the better in Queensland, for the profits over the late Queensland Turf Club MwtiW amounted to something like £600. Messrs. Blackler and Ferry have obtained a new lease of the Adelaide racecourse. The love of the 'noble sport' is very strong in the Momimbidgee district, if one can judge by the liberality of some of the squatter kings. Mr. Chisholm has promised a gold cup for 1884, Mr. Gormley another for 1885, Mr. H. ' J. Bowler for 1886, Mr. G. t. Wilson for 1887, Mr. Cox fir 1888, Mr. C. Bolton for 1889, Mr. Cox for 1890, Mr. P. Donolly for 1891, and Mr. T. Pearson for 1892. Let ua hope that the liberal donors will all be in the land of the living to see each and every cup run. The Orange handicaps to be run on New Year's Day are to close on the 20th of this month, and the general entry on the 31st. cardius, the slashing son of Emulation and Ruby, who won the Caulfield Guineas and ran second to Martini- Henry for the Victorian Derby, has been lamed by picking up a nail, and has had to be eased in his work in consequence. The A. J. C. St. Leger is to be run on Easter Saturday and tbe Sydney Cup on Easter Monday. The change is a wise one, and the only wonder is that Bomeone did not think of effecting it befoie. The weights for the Bega handicaps will be declared on the 10th of this month, and those for Liverpool will see the light on the 11th. The Wallsend handicaps will be poBted on the 12th. From India I (' Augur ' of the Australasian) have re ceived a letter from Mr. R. K. Maitland, who writes from Hyderabad, and informs me that the horses he took from Melbourne, Sylvanus and Gudarz, had been suffering from the effects of a cold, but he hoped to have them well by the Calcutta Meeting, which, he says, promises to be the most successful ever held held in India. Further, that the Aus tralians Somerset, Queensland, Statesman, Ween, Sunny locks, and Palmerston were all doing good work, also that Lord W. Beresford's three English horseB, Reputation, Little Charlie, and Father Front, were also proceeding satis factorily in their preparation. Continuing about the Calcutta Meeting, he remarks that there is a great chance for a reliable' bookmaker or two to make a pile in India during the racing season. Two Englishmen named Miller and Bnttain cleared | about £2000 at a little meeting at Poona, and expect to ap propriate a lac of rupees before they leave India. It is reported that the Johdpore people have purchased Mistaken, Tne Ghost, Red Rover, and Delos from Mr. E. Weeks, for 30,000 rupees. I shall be glad to hear from Mr. Maitland sgain, for Australians are now deeply interested in the Indian performances of horses bred in Australia, and any news respecting them will be acceptable. Our New Zealand correspondeat telegraphs that the St. Andrew's Handicap at Dunedin was woi^by Taiaroa. The Spring Handicap, at Wellington, was won by Poet. The J unee J unction Racing Club will hold its annual meet ing on Anniversary Day. The events consist of a Maiden Plate, asweepBtakes of 1 sov., with 20 so vs. added ; Prince of Wales' Stakes, a selling race of 15 sovs. ; Junee Junction Cup, a handicap sweepstakes of 2 soys., with 50 sovs. and a silver cup valued at 10 guineas; Hurdle Race, a handicap sweepstakes of 1 sov., with 20 eovb. added ; Anniversary Handicap, a sweepstakes of 10s., with 15 sovs. added; Con solation Stakes, a sweepstakes of 10s., with 10 sovs. added. The nominations for the Cup, Anniversary Handicap, and Hurdles close 22nd December. The weights will be declared and second acceptances on January 16. Entries for Maiden \- Plate and Prince of Wales' Stakes, also the balance of entries for the Cup, must be received on or before Thursday, | 24th January. The Goulburn Turf Club has fixed its next meeting for the 1st and 2nd February, 1884. Several handsome prizes are offered. The Hawkesbury race committee has fixed the dates for the annual Spring meeting— via, Thursday and Saturdiy, the 21st and 23rd August next. The committee also adopted the conditions of the Autumn Handicap and;Maideu Plate— 300 sovs. and 100 sovs. 'respectively. We learn from our correspondent at Liverpool that the cates on the course were sold, and realised £112. No 1 booth realised £25, No. 2 booth sold for £15. We learn from our correspondent at Temora that the sale of the gates and booths for the race meeting took place at Tattersall's on Saturday afternoon. Tho gates realised £76, and the three booths £95 15s. ; the fruit stalls £5 2b. 6d. The following amounts were paid over in connection with the late Wagga meeting Mr. A. F. Smart— Cud £350, half Maiden Plate £60, Two-year-old Handicap £60, Mile Handicap £62 (Cup value £100j ; £622. Mr. D. Mayne— Sires' Produce Stakes £204 10s., second in Two-year-old Handicap £10 ; £214 10s. Mr. H. J. Bowler— half Maiden Plate £50, Derby £150; £200, Mr. T.Brown— Town Plate, i £180* Mr. M. W hi tty— Hurdle Race £55, Steeplechase I £85 ; £140. Mr. O. Poplin— Grand Stand Handicap, £120. Mr. T. Hales— Prince of Wales Stakes £100, second in ! Mile Handicap £10 ; £110. Mrs. Cox— Ladies' Bracelet, £75. Mr. R. J, M'Alister — Selling Stakes, £75. Mr. C. J. Roberts— second in Cup £40, second in Hurdle Rare £10, second in Grand Stand Handicap £15 ; £--5. | Mr. W. J. Forrester— Flying Handicap; £64. Mr. J. Mitchell— second and third Sires' Produce Stakes ; £40 10s. Messrs. Hillas and Pearce — Final Flutter ; £30. Mr. A. F. Sullivan— second iu Flying Handicap £10, second in Steeplechase £15 ; £25. Mr. J. M. Kenzie — second in Town Plate £20, second in Final Flutter £5 ; £25. Mr. A. Town —nominator of sire of winner Sires' Produce Stakes, £25. MiBB M'Kenzie — second in Ladies' Bracelet, £20. Mrs. D. Mayne — third in Ladies' Bracelet, £10. Mr. J. Brewer third in Cup, £10. Mr. W. Yeomans— Bracelet Sweep, £10. Total, £2061. The following case cannot fail to interest the speculative public:— On Tuesday last at the Central Police Court Henry Soltan, jun., was charged under the Betting Houses Suppression Act, on the information of Constable James Cocking, that he, being tbe occupier of a certain room, eithate in No. 23 of the Royal Arcade, there kept and wed for the purpose of money being received by and on behalf of the said Henry Soltan, jun., to pay and give thereafter certain sums of money in certain proportions to certain persons then being or to become sabscribera to a certain scheme called ' Tne Boyal Arcade Consultation Sweep, Snmmer Cup of 1883,' wherobv the said moneys ehoul^ be (iietribateq wopg certain of tbe eat4 sabsctiben cn s certain event, and relating to a certain bozseHce to take place thereafter, and called ' The Summer Cap of 1883 and the informant farther stated that the Bud Henry Soltan, so being the occupier of the said room so kept and used for the purposes aforesaid, did unlawfully receive money . to the amount of one pound from tbe informant, and did promise to pay and give to the informant after the running of the said race certain moneys on a certain event relating to a certain horserace, to wit the event of a certain horse the name of which ehould be thereafter drawn by lot by the informant, being either first, second, or third horse, or a starter or a non-starter, in the said race. Defendant pleaded not guilty and was defended by Mr. Steven. Mr. Wallace appeared for the prosecution. Conetable Cocking stated that his information was correct ; on last Thursday week he saw defendant ia shop No. 23 of tbe Boyal Arcade ; he noticed in the window a card on which was printed ' Royal Arcade Consultation on Summer | Cup, 2000 subscribers at £1 each.' He went inBide and saw a tetter affixed (o the premises, and on it was printed ' Boyal Arcade Consultation Box ; ' he asked defendant for a prospectus of his sweep, as he might wish to purchase a ticket; defendant gave him a prospectus, and explained to him that the first prize in the sweep would be £1000 ; the second £300, (he third £200, starters £250, and non-starters £250, less 10 per cent, commission ; defendant said that he did not give tickets to anyone making personal application, as by doing so he would briDg himself within reach of the law ; he aleo added that perhaps a detective might go to him some day and catch him redhanded, and that he had always got his letters addressed to the care of Henry Soltan, so that the police could not connect him with the sweep; he gave wit ness a prospectus, and offered him an envelope, which he did not take ; he told defendant he had not theu a pound, but would call in the evening; defendant told witness that in a £2000 sweep his commission would be £200, and that the expenses in conducting it would be about £40, and that he hoped to conduct four sweeps a year ; witness returned at about 8 o'clock in the evening ; he wrote out an application for a ticket for the sweep, and this he enclosed with a pound note in an envelope: defendant said that witness must enclose a stamp for a reply : witness put bis letter into an adjacent letter- box, and was i informed by defendant that he would receive a ticket by ! noon on the following day ; he asked defendant when the drawing would take place, and he replied that it would take place about three days previous to the race, and outside bydney Heads, as the police might get at him if it were conducted in Sydney ; next day witness went to the General Post Office and received a letter containing a ticket, marked No. 799, and a prospectus of the sweep ; the Summer Cup of 1883 was a horserace, which was to take place at Randwick on the 26th of the present month ; the ticket represented an interest in the drawing of the sweep ; defendant told him that for each pound a ticket was issued, and that each ticket represented one of 2000 shares in the sweep, which would be divided into prizeB according to the prospectus ; any shareholder might be present at the drawing. In answer to Mr. Steven, witness, said he could not swear to the writing on the ticket or the envelope he received at the Post Office ; he did not ' see the ticket until he received it, but defendant told him he would receive one. Defendant kept a hair dresser's and tobacconist's shop in the Arcade, and J. W. Withers deposed that defendant occnpied it and paid the rent for it. John L. Waters, a probationary constable, was also examined, and he stated that he was getting his hair cut in defendant's shop on the occasion of the interview between proeecutor and defendant, and heard all that transpired between them. Mr. Dillon believed that the case was clear against defendant, and he hoped that bb the police had proceeded against small gamesters, they would also direct the same attention to the larger fry. He feared that so long as these consultations existed people would subscribe to them until they lost their money dj the promoters absconding. In this case he intended to inflict the highest penalty. Mr. Steven prayed his Worship not to do this, because thiB waB defendant's first offence. Mr. Dillon declined to alter his intention, and he fined defendant £60, with £2 2s. complainant's costs, and 8s. costs of Court, levy or distress, or three months' imprison ment. At the Chicago Driving Park, on the 9th October, a pacer named Johnson created quite a sensation by beating all pre vious trotting and racing records. He paced the mile with out skip or break in 2.10, although some gentlemen, and one of the judges, who held their watches on him, credited him with 9|. This waB not allowed, however, and even figures were scored against him. This performance beats the time of Maud S., who held the record in harness at 2.10J, trotting, and beats the time of Little Brown Jug, who held the pacing record at 2.11|. Johnson's driver says that he has driven him a half mile in 1.03, or a little over 2.06 for the mile. The day after this wonderful performance the horee was sold for 25,000 dollars. 