SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. THE VICTORIAN TROTTING CLUB MEETING. the programme issued by the Victorian Trotting Club to be contested on their prettily situated course at Elsternwick-park on Saturday, was a very good one, It comprised a couple of trotting events, two flat races, and a hurdle race, and this mixture of events seems to be appreciated by the public. The weather on Saturday afternoon was very pleasant, and there was a good attendance, the stand being fairly patronised by ladies. The intervals between the different events were enlivened by a brass band stationed on the lawn, which played some lively and popular music during the afternoon. The racing business of the day commenced at 2 o'clock with the Maiden Trot, for which three horses came out. Dick Goldsbrough, who was made a hot favourite, was admirably ridden by his owner, and won easily, Wasp being 12 lengths in the rear, whilst Bees was outpaced from the start. The Purse of CO Boys. for the 2.45 clubb broughton four of the imported trotters. Von Moltke, jun was made the favourite for the first heat at 5 to 4 against him. He got slightly the best of the start, but broke before going a quarter of a mile. He broke again in the next quarter, which enabled Granger to take the lead and eventually police under the wire five lengths ahead. The second heat was also won by Granger, but was given to Contractor, who finished second, on the ground of jostling and flogging on the inside. The betting then turned in favour of Contractor, who did the second heat in 35. less than the first was run in, but he had to travel the next three heats to win, as Sylph just managed to land the third heat, whilst Mr. Miller's horse succeeded in appropriating the last two. Granger, who is a fine upstanding brown horse, and goes very kindly under the whip, secured second place, whilst Von Moltke, jun,, although a grand goer, was never dangerous, as he broke repeatedly. Sylph is a pretty mare, and has a nice style of getting over the ground, but the company appeared a second or two too good for her. There was a good deal of excitement over this race, and it was pronounced the finest exhibition of trotting ever seen in Victoria, There were several false starts, owing to the eagerness of the drivers to get the best of the start. This is a matter that could easily be remedied by fining them, as false starts are annoying to the public and irritating to the horses, For the Handicap Selling Race seven horses went to the post, Westbury being installed first favourite. He justified the opinion of his backers by winning pretty comfortably by two lengths, Njmpb, who ran extremely well, beating Hunter for second place by three-quarters of a length. Eight jockeys sported silk for the Fines Handicap, and although Stationer carried top weight he was freely back to win, Zephyr, Cremorne, and Balthazar being also supported. The favourite was first away, and although he managed to maintain the premier position to the home turn the weight told on him up the straight, and Cream one and Zephyr, who had always been well up, passed him at the carriage paddock. Cre morne was eventually landed by half a length, but bad Williamson made his effort earlier with Zephyr the verdict would doubt less have been reversed as the mare came very fast at the finish. Only four horses came out for the Hurdle Race, and it was reduced to a match between Diligent (the favourite) and Niger, as the other two were outpaced. Diligent held his own to the home turn, when Niger challenged bride, and was eventually landed rather easily by a length. Annexed is the detailed account of the different events :? MAIDEN TROT, Of 35 cows., and Sweepstakes of one sov. each for starters; second horse perceive the sweepstakes. Open to all colonial-bred horses that, have no record or have never now an advertised trotting race. Two miles. Mr. G. Martin's ch g Dick Goldsbrough, by Yellow Jack, aged (owner) 2 w 2 .. 1 Mr. W. Bland's rn m Wasp, aged (SI. R. Although) I 2 Mr, W. Rose's br in Bees, aged (owner) 2 Flat. settings to 4 on Dick Goldobrough. The favourite, who was ridden, was at once taken to the front, followed by Weep and Bean, the latter being outpaced before the half-mile post was reached. No change took place in the order, the favourite, who - trotted In fine style, passing under the who about 12 lengths ahead of Waep. Record, Bin, Sa. CURSE OF BO sovs. Added to a sweepstakes of 2 Sovs each for (starters. For 2.45 class. Second horse perceive 10 above. Mile Heats. Beet three in five. , Mr. J. J. Miller's b h Contractor, by Max Lady Godley, aged (it. ! Gtllllu) _ . 3 1 2 1 1 Mr. G. A. Hall's br h Grainger, aged (R L. Sheppard) .... 14 3 2 2 Mr. J. A. Roberts's in Sylph, 6 yrs (A. Mulholland) 4 3-13 3 Mr. C. Colbatti'o b h Von Moltke, Jun., aged (T. M'Ldlau) .. ..22444 l'ittlng?ïirstbcat, Gto4 aged Von Moltke, 2 to 1 aged Oranger ; final heat 3 to 1 on Contractor. First Heat. Sylph got the worst of the start, and Von iîolikorho heat of it on the lode, followed by Oranges and Contractor, before reaching the quarter mile polo Von Moltke broke, but being quickly steadied be maintained his position. Approaching the half-mile pole be again broke, and was pursued by Uriuigcr, whilst Contractor commenced to go upon the outside. Turning into the home stretch a line part citEd. Von Moltke and Contractor had a good set-to, whilst Granger treated under the whip In grand title and passed under the wire nearly five lengths Ahead of Von Moltke, who through breaking In the straight only just beat Contractor for second place. Rtcinl, 2m. time. Second Heat. After some little trouble Contractor got the best of the start, and was closely attended by Uralter, Von Moltke and Sylph being 10 lengths behind at the quarter-mile polo. Von Moltke did not no kindly, and broke twice Ralph, however, treated very evenly. Approaching the three quarter mile polo Contractor, who was going in grand style next the rails, was half a length ahead of Oranger. A line spurt up the home stretch enabled the latter to pass under the wire ahead of Contractor, Sylph being a good third, Von Moltke galloping In. accord, 2m. 434 A protest was entered against Oranger tor jostling, and on Investigation the heat was awarded to Con tractor, on the ground of jostling and for Slioppard Hogging his horse on the inside. Third Heat. Sylph and Contractor got away to. gether, and before they had travelled a quarter of a mile wide a dozen lengths ahead. Von Moltke, as usual, breaking repeatedly allowed Granger to easily take up the third place. Up the straight and Inside the distance Contractor broke, which allowed Sylph to get up and beat him by nearly half a length. Von Moltke finished third, but was not placed for having been eased when nearing the post. Record, 2m. 40s. Fourth heat Contractor took the lead, and although hard pressed at times by fc'ylpband Granger, he trotted In grand style, and passed under the wire a length ahead of Granger, who was half a length in front of Sylph. Von Moltke on account of breaking was never dangerous In this boat. Record, 2nd. 48-'. Fifth Heat. Once again Grlllln managed to gain a yard or two, although the start for this boat was the best of the day. Lying next the rails, Contractor went away at a good pace, Granger, Sylph, and Von Moltke following in the order named. At the half-mile pole Granger commenced to close with the leader, and for about 100 3 yards they trotted side by side. At the three-quarter mile polo they both broke twice, but after turning into the home stretch they trotted well', Cootroctor eventually winning by a bare length. Sylph was third, but as in the previous three beats, Von Moll to lost all chance by breaking. Record, Jm. 480a. HANDICAP SELLING RACE, OnGa VB. The winner to be sold for 100 sovs. 7lb. allowed off handicap weight for every £25 production In selling price. Five furlongs, Mr. M. Griffin's br h Westbury, by Tim Whiffler? Jessica, 0 jib, (£50), 7st. 3lb. (Robertson) 2 1 Mr. S. G. Cook's br f Nymph, 2 yrs (£50), 7st. 7lb. Johnston) ? Mr. W. Lunglcy'ebl c Hunter, 4 yrs, (£50), 7st. 7lb. (Sanders)? .... ? -at 3 Mr. S. Miller's br f Cantata, 4 yrs (£60), Bit. Clb. (Allander) __..?__ 0 Mr. R. Johnston ns b m Prattle, u yrs (nil.), (A. 10lb (Hill) . 0 Mr. J. G. Reid's br g Gear, 4 yrs (nil.), Ojt. 71. (Stratford) .. _ . 0 Mr. J, Jellett, jun's, ch g Murrumbong, 6 yrs (£25), 7st. 5lb. (Walker) . _ 0 settings to 4 best Westbury, 2 to 1 agst Hunter. Immediately the flag for the favourite was taken to the front, closely attended by Crcaar, Prattle, and Hunter, the others well up, Nymph being at the head of the ruck, The pace was good, and as the horses swept round the turn into the straight it was seen that Cross had gained a slight advantage of the favourite, who WPO closely pressed by Nymph, whilst Hunter was in a good position. Before reaching the distance Robertson roused up "Westbury, and as he answered gamely, he ran through his horse. and was landed a winner by about two lengths, Nymph beating Hunter for second place by three-quarters of a length. Time, 1m. 6-3. The winner was bought in at the un tel price, FINE HANDICAP, Of 50 Sovs. One mile and a distance. Mr. C. H. T. Hart's b h Cremorne, by Oliver Twist Gelatine, aged, 7st, (Cracknell's Mr. H. Connolly's g m Zephyr, 4 yrs, 7st. 8lb (Wll entrance) - .. - . - 2 Mr. W. Langlcy'bhr c Stationer, 4 yrs, 8st 2lb, (Sanders) - 28 Mr. Hy. Yeend's br h Balthazar, 0 at, St. lib. (Walker's ? 0 Mr. It. Johnston's b of (women Mary, 4 5 yrs, 7st. 7lb. (Opie) .. - . 0 Mr. It. Johnston's b b or br 0 Kescx, 3 yrs, 7st. 7lb. (Johnston) .... 0 Mr. T. Bence's ch or in The Ghost, 6 yrs, Oat. (Kilby) 2 . -. 0 Mr. J. Patterson's b g Block Diamond, 6 yrs, 6st. 10lb. (Dobson) _?_..__ 0 settings to 1 agst Stationer, 8 to 1 agst Zephyr, 4 to 1 agst Cremorne, b to 1 agst Balthazar. Stationer was quickest on his legs, having Black Diamond and The Ghost as his immediate attendants. Passing the Stand, Cremorne, Balthazir. Queen Mary, and Zephyr were well up, whilst Essex was 10 lengths in the rear. This lot raced In this order round the turn and along the back of the course, where The Ghost gave place to Cremorne, Zephyr, and Balthazar, Rounding the home turn Oromorno ran into second place, and was well on Stationer's quarterings the straight was entered, Balthazar and Zephyr being well up. Half-way up the straight the favourite was beaten, and Cremorne was landed by half a length from Zephyr, who came very fast for the last 100 yards, and body Williamson made his effort sooner would doubtless have reversed the verdict. Stationer was a good third, Balthazar fourth, and Black Diamond fifth, Time, 21. 22. j HANDICAP nUHSLE EACH, Of CO sovs. Two miles and a distance, Mr. H. Gollan's br g Niger, by Emerald, Cut. 2lb. (Reed) .. - .. ~ -. ¡ .. - Mr W. McLeod's ch g Diligent, 4 yrs, not. (M'Leod) 2 Mr. J. Redfearn ns ch m Merry Maid, 6 yrs, 10st. 7lb. (Hunt) 5 Mr. J. O. Hold a ch m Maid of the Vale, i yrs, 8st. Dib. (Pojcl) 0 Bcltldfr.?Even at IMIIgont, B to 2 ask Merry Maid, 3 to 1 agst Nisbet, 6 to 1 agst Maid of the Vale. The quartette got away on even terms, the favourite rushing to the front, and leading over the first hurdle, followed by Niger, Merry Haiti, and Maid of the Vale This order was kept round the turn, and over the second hurdle. Bunnlogalong the backstretch Niger passed the favourite, who is? pulling double, and the latter nearly came to grief at the next hurdle and he struck It lightly, and stumbled in landing, but quickly recovering himself he ri;;j|ti rushed to the front and led round, passing the stand about three lengths ahead of Niger, whilst Merry Maid and Mail of the Vale were, bar accidents, entirely out of It. No change took place until approaching the home turn, when Niger challenged the favourite and led into the straight by half a length. At the end of the carriage paddock Diligent made his effort but failed to get up, good Niger was landed by a length, Merry Maid a bad third, a dozen lengths off ÏItLO.lm. says. 