. HANLAN'S LATEST TICTOEY. \ Ia connection with Hanlan's victory over .Kennedy ai Point of Pines, Revere Beach, Huston, Mass., on May 30 ind which is duly notified by cable in our presen' teâue, the London *' Referee " of March 26 says:-Hanlai is an undoubted celebrity, but the same can hardly bessie of Kennedy, whose rowing- that is, his championship row lng-has hitherto been done in the columns of ** his own Press"-i. «., in the colums of the newspaper which has been engaged to do the necessary bonneting and bearing _ up for him. The race was arranged to toko place at high water, 6 pm., May SO, 1SS3, Decoratioi Day. This being a great holiday in the States, it is expected that many thousands of anxious sightseers will be present, everyone ol whom will have to pay some pecu niary tribute or otii er to the greatness of tho occasion. ] ^Lin informed on what professes to he authority, and which certainly should be well in the know, that very fine terms have Deon made by both Uanlan and Kennedy ; the railway and steamboat companies, tho hotel and lodging-house keepers, the proprietors of padding.kens, tho pool sellers, hell owners, and all others who may fairly-or unfairly expect to make profit out of tho race bering held where it is to be held, having subscritad munificently. Except that it is better to get the major rather than the minor share of a cutting up stakes, there really teems to bc no particular reason why either mau should much care forthe result of tho trending contest. Ilanbu would lose a good bit of his reputation if bc were defeated by Kennedy, but the loss of a prolcssional sculler's reputation, uo matter how glorious aud how splendid euch reputation may seem in tlie hour of victory, 6Uould not grieve him overmuch. The champion has found moro than onco that, directly the gloss of success Las worn off, he hua had to 6ulmit to all roils of unpleasantness * * * On public form Kennedy hus not tho ghost of a chance of beating Hanlart. Notwithstanding this, all sorts of Lttcmpts aro being made-especially in such papers ns lome time back, for reasons best known to < hemselvca, began to glorify Kennedy-to «how that even if ho has not such a very good chance of defeating Kanhvn ho has not such a very bad one. Kennedy m;\y turn out to be a veritable wonder ; if so, it is very surprising that he has not taken an earlier opportunity of exkibitiner his wonderfulness. If ho really Is good enough to beat llanhin, he mipht havo made half-a^dtfzon matches with inferior men first, and beaton them one hy one. lt sîoms strange he should want to throw away the immense amount of money that could thu*have been made by him- and Kennedy has up till now never shown any disregard for this world's goods or any desire to tnrt ÍJ¿J fcick upon money. The most wonder ful part of the tnaa's history is that, although hi3 naine is very well known, and ho has been the subject of nu im mense amount of newspaper paragraphing, ho luir, next to no public record. Ho rowed in a regatta once, and thinks ho might have won it if some of thc other* had had fits and fallon overboard, and he himself had been able to row a food bit faster. (Speaking for myself and for myself only, think there is no more reason for supposing tho raco between Kennedy and Hanlon is to be a race, according to our notions of racing, than it would bo nue if thc com petitors were stilt Hanlan of the ono part and Buboar, our newest candidate for high class honours ns wo know them; now, of tho other. Bubeur's public performances ara, no end better than the public performances of' Kennedy ; yet, if Bubear were going to row Hanlon Brace either right away or touch and turn upon any fair day and fair course, 1 don't think thero aro many people who would expect to see Hanlnn beaten. For ail that I don't doubt that Bubear would havo a cut in, if tho railway companies and the steamboat companies and tho publicans and the sinners and the bookmakers and tho whclk- ollcrs, and all who expected to make profit out of tho affair, guaranteed him a good deal moro than tho mere return of his own money. Sthe length of tho course was throe milos and a turn, the stakes £500 ; Haulau won by 15 lengths.] 