MUSICAL FISHES. When Humboldt was in the South Sea, in 1803, about seven o'clock one evening (the 20th of February) an extraordinary noise startled the crew. At first it was' like the beating of a number of drums in thedistance, and then in the ship itself, especially near the poop. They thought it might be the breakers, and again they fancied the vessel must have sprung a leak. It continued to be heard without intermission for a couple of hours, ceasing entirely about nine o clock. Humboldt did not conjecture the probable cause of the phenomenon. Lieutenant White, of the United States navy, in an account of his Voyage to the China Seas, published in 1824, mentions a somewhat similar experience. When at the mouth of a river in Cambodia, he and his crew were astonished by some extraordinary sounds which were heard around the bottom of their vessel. "The sounds," he says, " were like a oiixture of the bass of the organ, the sound of bells, the guttural cries of a large frog, and the tones which imagination might attribute to an enormous harp." The ship seemed almost to tremble with the vibra tion. "These noises increased, and finally formed a universal chorus over the entire length of the vessel and the two sides." They diminished as the ship sailed up the river, and ceased altogether after a time. The in* terpreter who accompanied Lieutenant White attributed them to a troop of a certain kind of fish, "which has the faculty of adhering to divers bodies by the mouth.' The following, by Dr. Buist, appeared in the Bombay Timer of January, 1847 :--" A party lately crossing from the promontory in Salsette, called the 'Neat's Tongue,' to near Sewree, were, about sunset, struck by hear ing long, distinct sounds like the protracted booming of a distant bell, the dying cadence of an Xolian harp, the note of a pitch-pipe or pitch-fork, or any other long-drawn-out musical note. It was at first supposed to be music ashore, floating at intervals on the breeze; then it was perceived to come from all directions, almost equal in strength, and to arise from the surface of the water all around the vessel. The boatmen at once inti. mated that the sounds were produced by fish, abounding in the muddy creeks and shoals arouand Bombay and Salsette; they were perfectly well known, and very often heard. Accordingly, on inclining the ear towards the surface of the water, or, better still, by placing it close to the planks of the vessel, the notes appeared loud and distinct, and followed each other in constant succession. It is supposed that the fish are confined to particular localities-shallows, estuaries, and muddy creeks, rarely visited by Europeans; and that is the reason why hitherto no men tion, so far as we know, has been made of the peculiarity in any work on natural history." Two years later, another letter appeared in the sanme journal, stating that " musical sounds, like the prolonged notes on the harp," had been heard to proceed from under water at Vizagapatam. Sir J. Emerson Tennent, having heard a story about musical sounds issuing from the lake at Batticaloa, in Ceylon, paid a visit to the place in 1848. 'rhe fishermen told him that the sounds, which resembled the faint, sweet notes of an :E.lian harp, were heard only at night and during the dry season, were most distinct when the moon was nearest the full, and proceeded, they believed, not from a fish, but from a shell called the "crying shell." " In the evening," says Tennent, " when the moon rose, I took a boat, and accompanied the fishermen to the spot. We rowed about two hundred yards north-east of the jetty by the fort gate; there was not a breath of wind, or a ripple except those caused by the dip of our oars. On comingto the point mentioned, I distinctly heard the sounds in question. They came up from the water like the gentle thrills of a musical chord, or the faint vibrations of a wine-glass when its rim is rubbed by a moistened finger. It was not one sustained note, but a multi tude of tiny sounds, each clear and distinct in itself ; the sweetest treble mingling with the lowest bass. On applying the ear to the woodwork of the boat, the vibration was greatly increased in volume. The sounds varied considerably at different points, as we moved across the lake, as if the number of the animals from which they proceeded was greatest in particularspots ; andoccasionally we rowed out of hearing of them altogether, until, on returning to the original locality, the sounds were at once renewed. This fact seems to indicate that the causes of the sounds, whatever they may be, arestationary at several points; and this agrees with the statement if the natives, that they are pro. duced by mollusca, and not by fish. They came evidently and sensibly from the depth of the lake; and there was nothing in the surrounding circumstances to support thecon jecture that they could be the reverberation of noises made by insects on the shore con veyed along the surface of the water; for they were loudest and moset distinct at points where the nature of the land, and the inter vention of the fort and its buildings, forbade the possibility of this kind of conduction." The next witness is a gentleman signing himself " Ubique," who wrote to the Field newspaper of October 26, 1807, as follows: "On embarking on board the Danube steamer, lying at anchor in the roadstead of Greytown (Central America), on the 12th Sfay, 1867, I was informed that the ship was haunted by most curious noisesat night since she had arrived, and that the superstitious black sailors were much frightened at what they thought must be a ghost. The captain and officers could make nothing of it, and it afforded a great matter for discussion. On in quiry, I found that other inm ships had been similarly affected. Curiously enough, this noise was only heard at night and at certain hours. Some attributed it to fish, suckers, turtle, &c.; ; others, to the change of tide or current; but no satisfactory conclusion was arrived at. When night came on, there was no mistake about the noise; it was quite lend enough to awaken me, and could be heard distinctly all over the ship. It was not dis similar to the high monotone of an zEolian harp; and the noise was evidently caused by the vbration of the plates of the iron hull, which could be sensibly perceived to vibrate. What caused this peculiar vibration ? Not the change of current and tide. because, if so, it would be heard by day. Like everything else that we cannot explain, I suppose we must put it down to electricity, magnetism, &." This letter drew forth one from another correspondent, who stated that one moon. light night in 1851, when on board asteamer anchored near the Tavoy river (Tenasserim), he and others "were struck by an extra ordinarynoise whichappeared to proceed from the shore about a quarter of a mile off, or from the water in that direction. It was something like the sound of a stocking-loom, but shriller, and lasted perhaps five or six seconds, producing a sensible concussion on the ear, like the piercing scream of thecicada: and this gave an impression as if the vessel itself were trembling, or reverberating from the sound. One or two Burmans on board said simply the noise was produced by ' fishes;' but of what kind they did not describe. It was repeated two or three times." Three years later, in the same locality, a "droning, drowsy sort of sound" was heard at nightfall by a correspondent of Hanrd. wicke aScinre-Gos.ip. Itseemed to beabove, Ibelow, and around. "The air was alla sound, and the sound was all of one kind and pitch." We now come to the evidence of Mr. Den. nehy, given in aletter anent "Strange Noises heard at Sea off Greytoewn," published in Nature of May 12, 1870. His statement is the more valuable because he seems to have been unaware of previous observations upon similar "strange noises" elsewhere. "I have never heard of its occurring elsewhere, and I have made many inquiries," he says. The facts recorded are briefly these. The IVye, Tyne, Eider, and Danube were iron built vessels; the Trent, Thames, Tamarand Solent were coppered-wooden vesseli, which all, at one timo or another, anchored off Greytown. The former were haunted by the strange sounds; the latter knew nought of them. They were heard at the Greytown anchorage only. Punctually about midnight the concert began, awakening nearly the whole crew, and it invariably continued for the same period-namely, two hours. The sound is described as " musical, metallic, with a certain cadence, and a one-two-three time tendency of beat. It is heard most distinctly over open hatchways, over the engine-room, through the coal.shoots, and close round the outside of the ship. It can not be fixed at any one place, always appear ing to recede from the observer. On apply ing the ear to the side of an open hunker, one fancies that it is proceeding from the very bottom of the hold. Very dilferentwere the comparisons made by the different listeners. The blowing of a conch-shell by fishermen at a distance, a shell held to the ear, an -EAlian harp, the whir or buzzing sound of wheel machinery in rapid motion, the vibration of a large bell when the first and louder part of the sound has ceased, the echo of chimes in the belfry, the ricochetting of a stone on ice, the wind blowing over telegraph wires-have all been assigned as bearing a more or less close resemblance. It is louder on the second than the first, and reaches its acme on the third night. Calm weather and smooth water favours its developement. The rippling of the water alongside, and the breaking of the surf on the shore, are heanl quite distinct from it." The English sailors attributed the Shenomenon to what they called the trumpet tish-a fish of their own invention, for the real trumpet-fish (Centriscus scolopax), so called from the shape of its jaws, does not exist in those waters. In all the cases yet adduced, the observers, it will be noticed, were on board ships or boats of some kind. Cinon Kingsley, how ever, relates that he niece than once heard the noise from the shore, in the island of Moeos. in the Northern loras of Trinidad. " I heird it first about miduight, and then again in the morning about sunrise. In both cases the sea was calm. It was not to be explained by wind, surf, or caves. I likened it to a locomotive in the distance rattling as it blows off its steam. The natives told me that the noise was made by a fish." He tells us that it is frequ ntly heard at the Bocas, and at Point a Pierre, sorin twenty. live miles south : also outside the Gulf along the Spanish Main. Finally, while the phenomenon is most commonly met with in tropical seas, it is not unknown in the temperate zone. Mr. L?uider Lindsay heard it in 1869 while on board a steamer anchored in the Tagus, otT Lisbon. Tne ship's officers told him that it was pro duced by a fish, and was only heard at certain states of the tide. More instances might he brought forward, but we think we have quoted enough. Let us now endeavour to generalise our facts as well as we can. First, as to the geographical distribution of the phenomenon, we find that it has a most surprising range. In the Western hemisphere it has been heard at the month of the Pascagoula, in the state of Mioississii ; at the mouth of the Bayou C i del Inde, on the north shore of the Gulf of Mexico: at Greytown; at Trinidad; at Caldera, in Chili: and at several places on the Pacific coast of South America. It is thus known at wide intervals along the entire coast of tropical America. In our own half of the world we find it occurring on the coast of China; at Tavoy, in British Burmah ; at Vizagapatam, on the east coast of the Indian peninsula: at Salsette, on the west coast, andi at the Chilka Lake, on the east coast, of Ceylon; near Colombo. on the west of the islanl ; in the Bay of Naples, in the Mediterranean ; and at Lisbon. on the Atlantic coast of Europe. Whatever the source of the sounls, then, it mutt be of general distribution throughout the tropical regions of the globe. Next, as to time-it is noticeable that the sounds are invariably heard at night ; some times about sunset, never before it. The two-hours' period noticed by Mr. Dennehy is also mentioned by Humboldt. Some ob servers describe the noise as coutinuous; others, as intermittent. Although in the Greytown instances iron ships only were affected, we have abundant cases of the phenomenon being observed by those in wooden vessels. The materials of the ship, and for that matter the ship itself, would seem to have nothing to do with the production of the sound. Of course, the ship's frame may act, as any hollow body would, as a sounding-board, and thus give greater strength and amplitude to the aerial vibrations. In most cases, the phenomlenon occurs in salt or brackish water. But it has been known to occur in fresh water. Sa we can argue nothing from the nature of the water. Lastly-and this is the only generalisation that wa can fairly draw from tie observations yet recorded-the sound is usually heard at or near the moutks of rivers. It was perhaps this sweet and pleasing sound that gave rise to the myths of meriiaid" and sirens. The mariners of oldl, who never ventured beyond their own coasts, would be quite an likely to hear it as we are ; for there is no instance on recordl of the music being heard at sea; and with their usual faci ity in inventing a pretty and poetical cause for everything, they would soon find authors for the dulcet tones in nondescript beings dwell. ing in submarine cables and grottoes. The fishermen and sailors of our own day almost universally ascribe the sounds to fish. At Lisbon it is the "corvina," whatever that may be; at Baltimore itis the "cat- fish ;" in Eucador it is the "siren " or " musico;" at Naples it is the "maigre" or "drum-fish;" in Ceylon itis not a fish at all, but the "cry ing- shell;" and so on. The exact evidence at hand from the domain of natural history respecting the sounds emitted by fishes, dloes not perhaps fully satisfy the cravings of the student of natural history, for the reason that such evi. ldence is both dlifficult to obtain, and, asthe foregoing remarks have shown, also presents puzzling points for determination in the matter of the causes of the sounds. Dr. Dufosse, who has made the production of sound by fishes a special study, says that whilst many fishes produce sounds, there is a great variety in the manner in which the noises are evolved. Thus the movements or friction of the pharyngeal hones, and the vibration of the muscles of the swimming. bladder, which acts as a aounding-beard, are two common methods of sound-production in fishes. We know that one of. the Curiards (Trilet) produces loud sounds, ranging, as IMr. Darwin remarks, nearly over an octave, by means of the intrinsic muscles of the swim ming.bladlder. More curious, however, is the case of fishes belongingto thogenus Opnidurm. Here, the male fishes alone are provided with a drumming.apparatus, consisting of bones and muscles developed in relation to the swimming bladder. In the Umbrinas ("Corvo" of the Italians, "Umbrine" or "Omnbre" of the French), the drumming sounds are produced apparently also through the medium of the swimming-bladder. These fishes have been heard at a depth of twenty fathoms. The Rochelle fishermen say that the noise is produced by the males alone. They also allege that these fishes can be taken by imitating the noise, especially during the spawmnngseason. Even with all this, how. ever, much remains to be explained regant lag these curious submarine sounds heard in various localities at various times.--ChamI bers' Journal, .. 