THE STORY-TELLER. DE PROFUNDIS. Br "Atba." CHAPTER L My name is Bertha Adams. I am an orphan. Last birthday I was thirty-three years of age. By profession I am a governess, but at present I hold the responsible and enviable position of companion to the Hon. Mrs. Hamlyn Vipont, relic of Colonel Vipont, 6th Dragoon Guards, killed in action in the late Afghan war. Standing here before the mirror, I see a reflection of myself—plain, small, and un attractive. That is the reason, I suppose, why the Hon. Mrs. Vipont selected me as her dame-de-ampdgnie during her tour through the Australian colonieB with her son, who was suffering, as I came to under stand, from some shock, some mysterious sorrow that was wearing him away, and which his mother seemed to fear would gradually drive him to his grave. 1 had been a year with mother and son at the time this story opens. We had lingered out the autumn in Italy, but the latter ap peared to grow worse, and Mrs. Vipont was advised to try a sea trip and a season in New South Wales. The mother, although kind and openhearted as a rule, was narrow-minded, proud, and on occasioas cruelly selfish. It was plain to me that she was terribly jealous of the influence of other women over the son she idolized. I had heard from time to time vague rumours of trouble that had come in connection with the hon. lady's last companion. If this was true I had no reason to imagine that my com pany would become dangerouB to him. It never appeared to me, however, that Edgar Vipont troubled himself about one woman especially. Though he seemed partial to the society of ladies and admired their beauty he was the same to all. He was a strange, wayward, incomprehen sible young man to me was Edgar Vipont. So polite, so clever, and handsome—in spite of his illness—yet in other ways so uncivilized. I was always reminded in my intercourse with him of the old proverb, " Scratch a Russian and you'll find him a Tartar," and I could have imagined him enquiring with the greatest solicitude if the cup of coffee—ia which he was secretly administering to you a dose of deadly poison—were sweet enough for your taste, and taking infinite pains to make it so if it were not, smiling at you the while. The days went pleasantly by in the City of Sydney. Mrs. Vipont rented a charming resi dence at Bose Bay, on the heights overlook ing the magnificent harbour; and the place was made gay by constant company. Edgar Vipont would often pass whole days with us; but there were times when he would become morose, shut himself in his room, and refuse to see any one for a week together. Once as I was passing the door of his private sitting-room during one of his melan choly depressions I noticed with surprise it standing wide open. I had never entered this apartment, for it was usually kept closed and locked. Womanlike, I paused to glance over the luxurious furniture, when my gaze fell on a full-length portrait that hung at the further extremity of it. It was the picture of a young and lovely woman, with a pale oval face, long dark hair, perfect features, and the most haunting, melancholy brown eyes I ever beheld. Those eyes seemed to fascinate me to such a degree that I was held spellbound to the spot. They fixed themselves on mine with an expression of agonised appeal( as intense and real as if they had been Jiving eyes, out of which the soul looked for sympathy. A sudden noise proceeding from the inner room broke the spell, and I fled to my room like a guilty thief taken in the act. This incident happened just one month after our arrival in the colonies, but as the weeks and months went by it faded from my mind altogether. One wet, chilly day in August Mrs. Vipont and I were alone together in her boudoir. I was reading one of George Shot's delightful stories to her, while she reclined on a couch near the window looking out at the moun tainous waves rolling inward at the Heads. While 1 read, the door opened and Edgar Vipont entered. There was a careworn look on his pale face which was most distressing to behold. "Good morning, mother," he said in a quiet tone, laying a splendid bouquet of flowers on the table .beside her sofa. Good morning, Miss Adams," and.he bowed to me with his usual ceremonious politeness, "I have brought you those flowers. See, the camellias are finer than I ever remember to have seen them in Europe, and the violets—" "Ah! delightful," cried the aristocratic dame, kissing her son, and inhaling the per fume of the rich purple flowers. "What taste you have, Edgar. No one could have arranged this bouquet as you have. How are you this morning, my son ?" she added, with an anxious look at hiB handsome face. Edgar Vipont laid his hand on his bosom. " 1 feel wearied, mother, but I have nothiag new to complain of. Want of sleep, want of rest iB my great ailment; and neither Dr. Martin, nor Bernhardt—no, nor your own famous Italian medico, Besalino, seem able to help me there." And he rose his slender wasted hand to his head. The hon. lady looked at him with all the mcther in her gaze. ' "Tell me, is your rest as disturbed as ever?" she asked anxiously. " yes," he rplied, " either I do not sleep at all at night, or to speak more correctly, become acutely painfully wakeful when evening falls, and other more fortunate mortals are sunk in quiet slumber! or my sleep is filled with dreams, which, though I can not recall them when I wake, are, I feel sensible, so full of suffering, and a name less horror to me, that they wear me far more than mere wakefulness would do," and' he paused and sighed deeply. Then suddenly raising himself, said in a most eager tone, " By the way, mere, guess who is in Sydney.?" "Who is it, Edgar? Any of our English friends?" " Aye, some one I met at the Bartons last night. Come, guess?" "I cannot; pray tell me," replied Mrs. Vipont. "He remembers you years ago, mother, before you were married—when you were Helen Fortescue, and the belle of tho London season," cried Edgar warmly. " I told him you were still beautiful, in spite of yourforty nve years, and aBked him to come to us to night in a friendly way. You do not receive to-night Ma mire ?' " No, not to-night, my child. Oaly the , sisters Clara and Ada Polfitt are likely to call. But who is this old friend?" "None other than the eminent psycholo gist, Professor Hugh Dravton, the illus trious savant, of whom all the world is talking." I noticed the Hon. Mrs. Vipont'e slender fingers tighten on the back of tne sofa as her son uttered the name. "Yes, yes, I remember him," she cried. " A ■wonderful man, but be has the reputa tion of being a magician—a what do you call it in these days, Edgar ? and now " Now be lays claim to a knowledge of the hidden and mysterious powers cf Nature, mother, I believe," he answered, "Last night we talked together a great deal on occult matters, and he told me some mar vellous experiences he has been through while travelling in New Zealand and other places—stranger, indeed, and more marvellous than those of Home and his school, thongh the Professor himself disclaims any inter course with or belief in any supermundane powers, you know." "No doubt. The Professor is a strange being. Would you credit the fact that this same Hugh Drayton foretold to me in my youth much that has since come to pass ? Could the hidden powers, as you call tnem, enable him to do that ?" "I do not know, mother," he replied, rising, and looking intently at her, for she had Become very pale. " What says Miss Adams?" and he turned towards me. The question made me laugh. It was not possible to find a more matter-of-fact person than myself. I felt totally void of imagina tion, and was never troubled with a reverie or a day-dream in my life. I had no belief whatever either in Mr. Home's spiritual mission, or in Professor Drayton's secret powers—no more than I had in our old English legends of ghosts, Scotch tales of banshees, or Irish fairies. So I shook my head incredulously. " I fear that I am one of little faith, Mr. Vipont." I said. " Your old friend the savant would find mo a very stiff-necked heretic I fancy, and hard to convert to his views." "Have you ever studied the subject?" asked Edgar Vipont. " No," I admitted. " I should not think of studying it seriously any more than I should attempt to practise astrology or magic." " Our race are famed for being the most iu-actical people on the face of the globe, 'erhaps you would not be so incredulous, Miss Adams, if you had seen what I have amongst a sect you designate ' Mad Spiritua lists.' You smile." " Pardon me, Sir, but only think of all the shameful exposures of those so- called mediums that have taken place, both on the Continent of Europe and in England. Do they not shake your faith ?" " Not so." answered he, with some anima tion. "In all trades there' are humbugs, Miss Adani3, but that does not hinder there being a residuum of honest men among them I trust. Look at mesmerism; no one donbts the truth of the phenomenon now, thongh for a time the crowd of charlatans who arose as followers of Mesmer cast discredit on what is now universally admitted to be one of the most inexplicable of physical phenomena." " True, Sir, hut" "Well, well," interrupted he, smiling, " Professor Drayton will be here this evening, and perhaps he will give us a sample of bis powers. "Would it try your nerves much, mother ? or yours, Miss Adams?" The Hon. Mrs. Vipont hesitated, but I gave a most decided reply in the negative. By-and-bv mother and Bon began to con verse together in low tones, ana I saw her face grow troubled and almost stern, whilst his filled with a grave earnestness. Seizing on the first pretext for escape I rose and left the room. As I was going these words from Mrs. Vipont fell on my ear— " Can you not forget, even now, Edgar 1 She is not dead—she has left you. She has forgotten you. Come, my son, do not forget that you are a Vipont." And then the door closed behind me, and I sped swiftly along the corridor to my own apartment. 