THE SALVATION AEMY. .. . : ? [The letter here reprinted was published in the Baltdarat Star of 13th August.] .,.- . To the Editor of The Church of England, Messenger, Sir — The following extract is copied from the Sydney Weekly Advocate, the organ of the Wesleyan Church of New South Wales, and will probably help your readers to understand how it is the Salva tion Army acts unfavourably upon the churches. Ballaarat churcheB are already suffering from the insidious encroachments of the Army, and perhaps a perusal of the following will show them how and why. —Yours, &c;, . . Watchman. The following is a copy of General Booth's secret orders to his subor dinates, his so-called field and commanding officers : — 'A field officer on taking command must always be firm in believing and declaring his divine errand to the people, and therefore satisfied of his own value to them as a light. The field officer is not obliged to follow any rule of other preachers, and need take no Scripture text. He is at liberty to follow the guidance of the Holy Ghost, and to give to the people, as from God. 'whatever he feels bound to tell them. It, is not well to make known the amount of offerings at first, and indeed at no time iB ifc wise to publish them to the whole congregation. The mass of the people mill never suspect real soldiers, and it is therefore foolish to assume any possibility of suspicion, or to make any statement with a view to meet it. There is not, as a rule, any need to refer to the fact of the field officers being paid, the expense of rent, gas, &c;, being seen by all to be heavy. Since the entire control and responsibility belongs to the C. O., it is never well to say or do anything likely to give men an idea that they have power, by vote or agitation of any kind, to produce changes of any sort, or to prevent them. Therefore, no society or members' meeting is ever to be held, such as have been usual in churches and at some of the older stations of the Army}Ka-$ no divided vote is ever to be taken ; that is, no opportunity is to be given for voting in ? opposition to the 0. 0. But a competent 0. O. will in no way display his ability more than in the skill with which he will carry all his force heartily with him in every operation, causing tlieni at times, if he judges it of valve, even to vote for thai which lie wishes them to do. Look to your own personal appearance. While it is to the interest of the service that you should appear anything but well-to-do, ib is most important that you should impress people also as being careful, orderly, and business-like, and thoroughly practical. . ? . .- Keep your business to yourself till you have completed some arrangement about which you can toast with good effect. . . . An officer on his duty has no business with bashfulness or -propriety. . . . You can afford any quantity of apologies after you have got the information you wanted. ... II possible, avoid making inquiries of members of churches ; anyway you need not tell them what you are about. To make ministers and others engaged in church work friendly, you must dwell upon the fact that we attack those who are quite outside their range, and that,/?w/i the want of education amongst us, we cannot be in competition with them. Should you meet with a gentleman ' interested in any good work,' do not be in too great a hurry to tell hivi all. Find out what his oivn views are.' 