THE BLACK. POODLE. By 1?-. Anstey, in Longman's Magazine I HAVE set myself the task of relating is the course of this story, without suppressing or altering a single detail, the most painful and humiliating episode in my life. I do this, not because it will give me the least pleasure, but simply because it affords me an opportunity of extenuating myself which has hitherto been wholly denied to me. As a general rule I am quite aware that to publish a lengthy explanation of one's conduct in any questionable transaction is not the best means of recovering a lost reputation ; but in my own case there is one to whom I shall never more be permitted to justify myself by word of mouth even if I found myself able to attempt it. And, as she could not possibly think worse of me than she does at present, I write this, knowing it can do me no harm, and faintly hoping that it may come to her notice and suggest a doubt whether I am quite so unscrupulous a villain, so consummate a hypocrite, as I have been forced to appear in her eyes. Tile bare chance of such a result makes me perfectly indifferent to all else: I cheerfully expose to the derision of the whole reading world the story of my weakness and my shame, since by doing so I may possibly rehabilitate myself somewhat in the good opinion of one person. Having said so much, I will begin my confession without further delay : My name is Algernon Weatherhead, and I may add that I am in one of the Government departments that I am an only son, and live at home with my mother. We had had a house at Hammersmith until just before the period covered by this history, when, our lease expiring, my mother decided that my health required country air at the close of the day, and so we took a " desirable villa residence on one of the many new building estates which have lately sprung up in such profusion in the home counties. We have called it " Wistaria Villa." It is a pretty little place, the last of a row of detached villas, each with its tiny rustic carriage gate and gravel sweep in front, and lawn enough for a tennis court behind, which lines the road leading over the hill to the railway station. \- I could certainly have wished that our landlord, ' shortly after giving us the agreement, could have found some other place to hang himself in than one of our attics, for the consequence was that a housemaid left us in violent hysterics about every two months, having learnt the tragedy from the tradespeople, and naturally seen a somethink" immediately afterwards. Still it is a pleasant house, and I can now almost forgive the landlord for what I shall always consider an act of gross selfishness on his part. In the country a next-door neighbour is something more than a, mere numeral ; he is a possible acquaintance, who will at least consider a new-comer as worth the experiment of a call. I soon knew that " Shuturgardcn," the next house to our own, was occupied by a Colonel Currie, a retired Indian officer, and often, as across the low boundary wall I caught a glimpse of a graceful girlish figure flitting about amongst the rose bushes in the neighbouring garden, I would lose myself in pleasant anticipations of a time not far distant when the wall which separated us would be (meta- phorically) levelled. I remembered, how vividly the thrill of excitement with which I heard from my mother, on returning from town one evening, that the Curries had called, and seemed disposed to be all that was neighbourly and kind. I remember, too, the Sunday afternoon on which I returned their call-alone, as my mother had already done so during the week. I was standing on the steps of the Colonel's villa waiting for the door to open, when I was startled by a furious snarling and yapping behind, and, looking round, discovered a large puddle in the act of making for my legs. He was a coal-black poodle, with half of his right ear gone, and absurd little thick moustaches at the end of his nose ; he was shaved in the sliam-lion fashion, which is considered, for some mysterious reason, to improve a poodle, but the barber had left sundry little tufts of hair which studded his haunches capriciously. I could not help being reminded, as I looked at him, of another black poodle which Faust entertained for a short time, with unhappy results, and I thought that a very moderate degree of incantation would be enough to bring the head out of this brute. He made me intensely uncomfortable, for I am of a slightly nervous temperament, with a constitutional horror of dogs and a liability to attacks of diffidence on performing the ordinary social rates under the most favourable conditions, and certainly the consciousness that a strange and apparently savage dog was engaged in carrying the heels of my boots was the reverse of reassuring. The Currie family received me with all possible kindness : "too charmed to make your acquaintance, Mr. Weatherhead," said Mrs. Currie as I shook hands. I see," she added pleasantly, " you've brought the doggie in with you." As a matter of fact, I had brought the doggie in at the ends of my coat-tails, but it was evidently no unusual occurrence for visitors to appear in this undignified manner, for she detached him quite as a matter of course, and, as soon as I was sufficiently collected, she fell into conversation. I discovered that the Colonel and his wife were childless, and the slender willowy figure I had seen across the garden wall was that of Lilian Roseblade, their niece and adopted daughter. She came into the room shortly afterwards, and I felt, as I went through the form of an introduction, that her sweet fresh face, shaded by soft masses of dusky brown hair, more than justified all the dreamy hopes and fancies with which I had looked forward to that moment. She talked to me in a pretty confidential appealing way, which I have heard her dearest friends censure as childish and affected, but I thought then that her manner had an indescrib- able charm and fascination about it, and the memory of it makes my heart ache nose with a pang that is not all gain. Even before the Colonel made his appearance I had begun to see that my enemy, the poodle, occupied an exceptional position in that house hold It was abundantly clear by the time I took my lease He seemed to be the centre of their domestic system, and even lovely Lilian despised contentedly around him is a kind of satellite, he could do no wrong in his owner's eyes, his I rejudiees(andhes»asanario« minded animal) were rigorously respected, and all domestic arrangements were made such a prima j sick to his conscience I may be wrong, but I cannot think that it is «V'0 t0TLmt 'in> poodle Upon such a pedestal as sent to this one in particular, as ordinary a quadruped as ever breathed, had contras ed to impose thus upon his infatuated proprietors, 1 never could understand, but so it was he even expressed the chief part of the consensus son which after any lull seemed to s cor round to him by a sort of natural last I had to endure a long biographical sketch of '"night a society paper would call an "area dural photo and cacti fresh anecdote seemed to me to exhibit the depraved malignity of the beast in a more glaring light, and render the doting admiration of the family more astoundm than ever Did you tell Mr Weatherhead, Lily, about unigo (line was the people's preposterous name and lacks' No' Oh, I must tell him that it 11 make him laugh Tacks is our will "from n in the^I,mK° ((12 know Tacks') sell Tacks was up here the other day nailing up some of this work at the top of a ladder, and at the time there was Master Bingo sitting "meets at the foot of it looking on, wouldn't give it on any account Tacks said he was quite company for him Well, at last, when taels had finished and was coming down, What do you think that rascal there did a Just sneaked quietly up behind and nipped him in both cars es and ran off Been looking out for that the whole time ! Ha, ha deep that, oh ' * I agreed with an inward shudder that it was very deep, thinking privately that, if this was a specimen of Bingo'e usual treatment of the natives, it would be odd if he did not find him he i j PCI stlU before probably just before Poor faithful old doggie ." running ed Mrs Sj-urrie " he thought Jack, so as a nasty burglar, a in the ' he sat as a going to see motor robbed, wishes' , , capital house dog, sir,' struck in the Colonel said I shall never forget how he made poor Jicasisides run for it the otherday Ever met this units, of the Bombay Juniors' Well, seaside, was staying here, and the dog met at a one morning as he was coming down from one bathroom Didn't recognise him in Panies and a dressing gown, of course, and soul in man He accept Poor old Heaviside "at ide the landing sounded on the top of the store for a quarter of an hour, till I had to call e and raise the siege !" ha,, i Here theatre lies of that abandoned don's Jan lei headed ferocity to which I was forced to? listen, while all the time the brute sat fine me on the hearthrug, blinking at me from under his shaggy mane with Us evils Moaicd eyes, and deliberating where he would have come when I rose to go This was the beginning of an intimacy which soon displaced all ceremony. It was very pleasant to go in there after dinner, even to sit with the Colonel over his claret and then more stones about Bingo, for a torn and I could go into the pretty drawing room and take my ter from Lilian s hands and listen while she played Sehnbeit to us in the summer twilight The poodle iv is always in the way, to be sure, but cr on his ugly black head seemed to lose some of its ugliness and ferocity when Lilian laid her pretty hand on it On the whole I think that the Currie family were well disposed towards me, the Colonel considering me is a hill unless specimen of the avenge eligible young man-which I certainly wasn't "this Currie showing incision for my mothers s eke, 101 whom she had taken a strong liking 45 for Lilian I helped ed I saw that she soon suspected the state of my feelings towards her and was not displeased by it I looked for was d with some hopefulness to a day when I could dod ire myself with no fear of a repulse but it was a serious obstacle in my faith that I could not scenic Bingo s good opinion on my terms The family would often lament this pathetically themselves "You see' Mrs Came wouldobscrioin apology, " Bingo is a dog that does not attach himself easily to "strangers' though for that matter I thought he was in pleasantly i ready to attach himself to me I did try h and to conciliate him I brought him propitiatory hams which was weak and ineffectual is he ate them with avidity, md hated me as bitterly as ever, for he had conceived from the first a profound contempt for me and a distrust which no by indishments of mine could remove Looking back now, I am inclined to think it was a prophetic instinct that warned him of what was to come upon him through my instrumentality Only his ipprob ition was wanting to establish for me a firm footing with the Curries, and perhaps determine Lilian's wavering heart in my direction, but though I w need that inflexible poodle with an assiduity I blush to remember, he remained obstinately firm Still, day by day, Lilian's treatment of rock was more encouraging, day by day I gained in the esteem of her uncle and aunt, I began to hope that soon I should be able to disregard canine influence altogether Now there was one inconvenience about our villa (besides its flavour of suicide which it is necessary to mention hero By common consent all the cats of the neighbourhood had selected our garden for their evening reunions I fancy that a tortoiseshell kitchen cat of ours must have been a sort of leader of local feline society-I knowshewas "at home," with music and recitations, on most evenings My poor mother found this interfere with her after dinner nap, and no wonder, for if a | colour of ghosts had been "shocking and I squealing," as Calpurnia puts it, in our back garden, or it had been fitted up as a creche for a nursery of goblin infants in the agonies of teething, the noise could not possibly have been more ideal tilly AVo sought for some means of getting rid of the nuisance there was poison of course, but we thought it would have an invidious appearance and even lead to legal difficulties, it each dawn were to discover an assortment of cats expiring in ludions come visions m I am ions parts of the same garden Fncairns too, were open to objection and would scarcely assist my mother's slumbers, so for some time we were at a loss for a remedy At last one day, walking down the Star and, I chanced to see (in an cul both) what attacking as the lery thing-it was in an gun of superior construction displayed in a "tinsmith s window I went in it once, purchased it, and took it home in triumph it would be noiseless, and would reduce the local average of cats without scandal -one of two examples and feline fashion would soon rugs are to a more secluded spot I lost no time in putting this to the proof That same evening I him wait after dusk at the study window, protecting my mother's repose As soon as I heard the long, drawn wail, the pi criminal v splutter, and the wild stampede that followed, I let fly in the direction of the sound I suppose I must have some thing of the n national spot ting instinct in me, for my blood was tingling with excitement but the feline constitution assimilates lead without serious incontinence, and I began to fear that no trophy would remain to bear witness to my marksmanship But all at once I made out a dark indistinct form slinking in f i on behind the bushes I waited till it crossed a belt of light which streamed from the back kitchen below me, and then I took careful aim and pulled the trigger This time at least I had not disdain to was a smothered voll, a hinterland then silence again I ran out with the calm pride of a successful acreage to bring in the body of my victim, and I found underneath a lum el, no laudatory tomcat, but (as the discerning Hldci will no doubt have foreseen long since the quivering carcase of the Colonels black poodle ' I intend to set down here the exact uni it rushed truth and I confess that at first, when I know what I had done, I was not some I was quite innocent of any intention of doing it, but I felt no regret 1 even laughed-mad man that I was-at the thought that there was the end of Bingo at all events that impediment was I removed, my we try task of conciliation w is over for ever ' But soon the reaction came ; I realised the tremendous nature of my deed, and shuddered. I had done that which might banish me from Lilian's side for ever ! All unwittingly I had slaughtered a kind of sacred beast, the animal around which the Currie household had wreathed their choicest affections 1 Hosv was to break it to them? Should I send Bingo in with a card tied to his neck and my regrets and com- pliments ? That was too much like a present of game. Ought I not to carry him in myself? I would wreaths him in the best crape, 1 would put on black for him the Curries would hardly consider a taper and a white sheet, or sack- cloth and ashes, an excessive form of atonement but I could not grovel to quite such an abject extent. I wondered what the Colonel would say. Simple and hearty as a general rule, he had a hot temper on occasions, and it made me ill as I thought would he, and, worse still, would Ziliun believe it was really an accident ? They knew what an interest I had in silencing the deceased poodle would they believe the simple truth? I visited that they should believe me. My genuine remorse and the absence of all conceal- ment on my part would speak powerfully for me. I would choose a favourable time for my confession that very evening I would tell all. Still I shrank from the duty before me, and as I knelt down sorrowfully by the dead form, and respectfully composed his stiffening limbs, I thought that it was unjust of Fate to place a well-meaning man, whose nerves were not of iron, in such a position. Then, to my horror, I heard a well-known ringing tramp on the road outside, and smoke the peculiar fragrance of a Burmese cheroot It was the Colonel himself, who had been taking out the doomed Bingo for his usual evening run. I don't know how it was exactly, but a sudden panic came over mc. I held my breath, and tried to crouch down unseen behind the laurels ; but he had seen me, and came over at once to speak to me across the hedge. He stood there, not two yards from his favourite's body ! Fortunately it was unusually dark that evening. " He, there you are, oh ?" he began heartily ; don't rise, my boy ; don't rise. I was trying to put myself in front of the people, and did not rise at least, only my hair did, "You're out late, ain't you?" he went on; " laying out your garden, hey?" I could not tell him that I was laying out his poodle ! My voice shook as, with a guilty confusion that was veiled by the dusk, I said it was a fine es- cning-ss'hich it was not. "Cloudy, sir,"saidtlieColoncl, "cloudy rom before morning, I think. By the way, have you seen anything of my Bingo in here?" This was the turning point. What I ought to have done was to say mournfully, "Yes, I'm sorry to say I've had a most unfortunate accident with him-hero he is-the fact is, I'm afraid I've shot him !" But I couldn't, I could have told him at my own time, in a prepared form of words but not then I felt I must use all my wits to gain time and fence sooth the questions. "Why," I said, with a leaden airiness, "he hasn't given you the slip, has he?" " Never did such a thing in his life !" said the Colonel warmly ; " he rushed off after a rat or a frog or something a few minutes ago, and as I stopped to light another cheroot I lost sight of him. I thought I saw him slip in under your gate, but I've been calling him from the front there and he won't come out." No, and he never would come out any more. But the Colonel must not be told that just yet. I temporised again : " If" I said unsteadily. " if he had slipped in under the gate, I should have seen him. Perhaps he took it into his head to run home ?" "Oh, I shall find him on the doorstep, I expect, the knowing old scamp ! Why, what d'ye think was the last thing he did now ?" I could have given him the story latest intelligence; but I dared not. However, it was altogether too ghastly to kneel there and laugh it anecdotes of Bingo told across Bingo is dead body, I could not st said that " fasten ' I said suddenly, " wasn't that his bank There again , it seems to come from the front of your house, don't you think ' " Well," said the Colonel, " I'll go and fasten him up before he is off again for your teeth are chatteling-you so might a chill, man-go indoor s at once, and, if you feel equal to it, look in hill in hour later, about the,; time, and I ii tell you all about it Compliments to join mother Don't forget about grog time I had got rid of him it list, and I see said my forehead, gasping with a chef I « ould "o i emu in half an hour and then I should be prep used to make my melancholy announcement or even then I never thought of my other course until suddenly it flashed upon mc with terrible clearness that my miser able shuffling by the hedge had made it impossible to tell the truth I had not told a direct be, to be sure, but then I had given the Colonel the impression that I had denied his ing seen the dog Many people can ippeisethen consciences by reflecting that whatever may be the effect this «oidspioducc they did confuse to steel even of a downright j be I never quite knew where the distinction lay moi ally, but they c lit that feelings li is i it my self Unfortunately prevarication his this time back, that, if ex of the truth comes to light, the press h season is in just the same case as if he had lied to the most shameless extent and for a man to point out that the words he used contained no absolute falsehood will seldom i castor e confidence I might of course still tell the Colonel of my misfortune and less c him to infer that it it had happened after our interview, but the poodle was fast becoming cold and stiff, and they would most probably suspect the healthiest the occurrence And then Lilian would seem that I had told a string of falsehoods to her uncle over the dead body of their idolised Bingo-an act no doubt, of abominable desecration of unspeakable pro- dainty in her eyes 1 If it would have been difficult before to the veil on her to accept a blood stained hand, it would be impossible after that No, I had burnt my ships, I was cut off for es gift on the str rightful ward course, that one moment of indecision had decided my conduct in spite of me-I must go on with it now and keep up the deception at all hazards It is as bitter I had all day s tried to pi ever we as many of the moral pi niciplis ss Ruth had been instilled mtomeascaiibcconscnicntls retained in this grasping world, and it had been my pride that, roughly speaking I had not of been guilty of an unmistakable f falsehood But henceforth if I meant to a m Liban, that boast must be relinquished for ever I I should have to he now with all my might without limit or scruple to dissemble incessantly, and "wear a mask,' as the poet Bunn beautifully expressed it long ago, ' over my hollow heart I felt all this keenly-I did not think it was light-but what was I to do ' After thinking all this out sores carefully, I decided that my only course was to bury the poor animal where he fell and say nothing about it With some vague idea of precaution I first took off the silver collar he sore and then hastily rescued him with a garden trowel and succeeded in removing all traces of the disaster I fancy I felt a certain relief in the knowledge that there would now be no necessity to tell his pitiful story and I ask the loss of his neighbour's esteem By and by, I thought, I would pi mt a lose tree over his remains and some day is Lill in and I'm the noontide of our domestic bliss, stood before it affirm ing its creamy luxuriance, I might (perhaps) find courage to confess that the tree and some of that luxury one to the long lost Bingo There was a touch of poetry in this idea that lightened my gloom for the moment I need scarcely say that I did not go round to binding men that evening I was not hardened enough for that yet-my manner might boards mc, and so I very prudently stay ed at home But that night my sleep was broken by frightful tire uns I was perpetually trying to bury a great gaunt poodle which would persist in a rising up through the damp mould is fast as I can ei ed him up Lill in and I were engaged, and we were in church together on Sunday is and the poodle, resisting all attempts to eject him, forbidden banks with sepulchral but it is one we ed fine day, and at the critical moment the poodle leaped between us and swallowed the ring Oi see scene at the wedding breakfast, and Bruno, a ¡,u/¿\\}, 1 lick skeleton with flaming eyes, sat on the c ike and would not allow Lilian to cut it Been the licensee faces seas reproduced in a distorted for in-the tree grew and es very blossom contained a pianist are Bingo, which balked and as I woke I was desperately flying to persuade the Colonel that they were ordinary dog loses I went up to the office next day with my "loamy soil at grass ing my bosom, and s h ites el 1 did the spectre of the funds red ] eedle close before me for two days after that I dined not go near the Cm nos, until at last ones ening after dinner I forced myself to bed, feeling that it was a really not safe to keep away my longer My conscience smote me as I si out in I put on an unconscious easy manner, which was such a dismal failure that its is lucky for me that they were too much engrossed to notice it I never before saw a family so stricken down by a domestic misfortune as the group I found in the dressing room, making a dejected pretense of leading of working We talked it first-and hollow talk it was-on indifferent subjects, till I could bear it no longer, and plunged boldly into danger I don't see the dog I began " I suppose sou-you found him all light the other cases ing, Colonel ' I wondered as I spoke whether they would not notice the break lnmysoice, but they did not " Why, the fact is," said the Colonel heavily. gnawing his gray moustache, "were not heard any thing of him since he side's run off I ' Gone, Mr Weatherhead, gone without a word!' said Mrs Cuiuc plaintively, as if she thought the dog might at least have left an address " I wouldn't have believed it of him, said the Colonel, " it has completely knocked me over. Haven't been so cut up for years-the ungrate ful rascal I ' "Oh, Uncle I pleaded Lilian, "don't talk like that perhaps Bingo couldn't help it perhaps some one has s s shot him I" "shot!" ci led the Colonel angrily By heaven ! if I thought there was a villain on earth capable of shooting that poor inoffensive e dog, I'd- Why should they shoot him, Liban * Tell me that I I I hope you won't let me hear you talk like that again You don't think he's shot, eli, Weatherhead'' I mid-season. forgive me that I thought it highly improbable " He's not dead I" cried Mrs. Currie. " If he were dead I should know it somehow I'm sure I should But I'm certain he's alive. Only last night I had such a beautiful dream about him. I thought he came back to us, Mr. Weatherhead, driving up in a hansom cab, and he was just the same as ever-only he wore blue spectacles, and the shaved part of him was painted a bright red. And I woke up with the joy-so, you know, it's sure to come true !" It will be easily understood what torture conversations like those were to me, and how I hated myself as I sympathised and spoke encouraging words concerning the dog's recovery, when I knew all the time he was lying hid under my garden mould. But I took it as part of my punishment, and bore it all uncomplain- ingly i practice even made me an adept in the art of consolation I believe I really was a great comfort to them. I had hoped that they would soon got over the first bitterness of their loss, and that Bingo would be first replaced and then forgotten in the usual way ; but there seemed no signs of his coming to pass. The poor Colonel was too plainly getting himself ill about it he went pottering about forlornly-advertising, searching, and seeing people, but all of course to no purpose, and it told upon him. He was more like a man whose only son and heir had been stolen, than an Anglo-Indian officer who had lost a poodle. I had to affect the liveliest interest in all his inquiries and expeditions, and to listen to, and echo, the most extravagant eulogies of the departed, and the wear and tear of so much duplicity made me at last almost as ill as the Colonel himself. I could not help seeing that Lilian was not nearly so much impressed by my elaborate con- cern as her relatives and sometimes I detected an incredulous look in her frank brown eyes that made me very uneasy. Little by little a rift widened between us, until at last in despair I determined to know the worst before the time came when it would be hopeless to speak at all I chose a Sunday evening as we were walking across the green from church in the golden dusk,, and then I ventured to speak to her of my love. She heard me to the end, and was evidently very much agitated. At last she murmured that it could not be, unless-no, it never could be now. "Unlesswhat;"I asked. "Lilian-MIssRose- ? blade, something has come between us lately a ' you will tell me what that something is, won't you?" -,.,,. ,. , . i "Do you want to know really?" she said, looking up at me through her tears. "Then I'll tell you : it-it's Bingo !" I started back overwhelmed. Did she know all?. If not, how much did she suspect? I must find out that at once ! " What about Bingo ?" I managed to pronounce, with a dry tongue. "You never Moved him when he was here," she sobbed ; "you know you didn't !" I was relieved to find it was no worse than this. "No," I said candidly, "I did not love Bingo. Bingo didn't love me, Lilian ; he was always looking out for a chance of nipping nie somewhere. Surely you won't quarrel with me for that !" " Not for that," she said " only why do you pretend to be so fond of him now, and so anxious to get him back again ? Uncle John believes you, but I don't. I can see quite well that you wouldn't be glad to find him. You could find him easily if you wanted to 1" "What do you mean, Lilian?" I said hoarsely. " Zions could I find him a" Again I feared the, worst. , | "You're in a Governmentottice,"cried Lilian, "and if you only chose, you could easily gigot Government to find Bingo ! What's the use of Government if it can't do that? Mr. Travers would have found him long ago if I'd asked him !" Lilian had never been so childishly unreasonable as this before, and yet I loved her more madly than ever ; but I did not like this allusion to Travers, a rising barrister, who lived with his sister in a pretty cottage near the station, and had shown symptoms of being attracted by Lilian. He was away on circuit just then, luckily,' but at least even he would have found it a hard task to find Bingo-there was comfort in that "You know that isn't just, Lilian," I observed. " But only tell me what you want me to do ?" " Bub-bub-bring back Bingo !" she said. "Bring back Bingo l"I cried in horror. " But suppose I can't suppose he's out of the country, or-or'dead, what then Lilian?" " I can't help it," she said " but I don't believe he is out of the country or dead." And while I see you pretending to Uncle that you cared awfully about him, and going on doing nothing at all, it makes me think you're not quite quite sincere And I couldn't possibly marry anyone while I thought that of him. And I shall always have that feeling unless you find Bingo !" It was of no use to argue with her I knew Lilian by that time. With her pretty caressing manner she united a latent obstinacy which it was hopeless to attempt to shake. I feared, too, that she was not quite certain as yet whether she cared for me or not, and that this condition of here was an expedient to gain time, I left her with a heavy heart. Unless I proved my worth by bringing back Bingo within a very short time Travers would probably have everything his own way. Anti Minge was dead However, I took heart. I thought that perhaps if I could succeed by my earnest efforts in persuading Lilian that I really was doing all in my power to. recover the poodle, she might relent in time, and dispense with his actual production. . ' So, partly with this object, and partly to appease the remorse which now revived and stung me deeper than before I undertook long and weary pilgrimages after office hours. I spent many pounds in advertisements ; t interviewed dogs of every size, colour, and breed, and of course I took care to keep Lilian informed of each successive failure. But still her heart was not touched, she was firm ; if I went on like that, she told me, I was certain to find Bingo one day-then, but not before, would her doubts be set at rest. [TO BE CONTINUED.! 