On Young Men. YOUNG men are only tolerated for their appearance. A. good-looking, fellow is the Cynosure of a ball-room. An ugly one is condemned to less conspicuous situa? tions. Hence the impudence or conceit of the one: the humility or sourness of the, other. The partiality of woman for young men of " presentable " exterior, has put a spurious value upon good looks. Youth considers that " appearances " must be kept up. It is not sufficient that his nails are clean, but his chin must be kept as smooth as a girl's, pad his coiffure parted to a hair. So long as he can display his graces youth is content to live. Place him in the bush among gum-troes and shepherds; and he at once grumbles at the miseries of existence. It is useles to point out to him that he is leading a life of more or less utility. The quality.6f his wool, or the weight of his beasts, are powerless to. console his wasted attractions. You may preach philosophy id him by the hour, you may assure him of the milUons of flowers that blush unseen, you may ask him whether a lily is more beautiful in a lady's boudoir than upon its native bank, but no objurgatory phrases can corn-' pensate him for his wonted flattery. To win honeyed words of praise youth applies cosmetiques, or frizzles on a cricket field, or blisters in a boat, or perspires in a polka, or commits any eccentricity that will satisfy his consciousness of admiration. Time was; when conversation covered the defects of physiognomy, and education poverty of station. The hideous Wilkes won more hearts than the immaculate Chesterfield. Dr. Johnson's ponderous periods have outlived the luxuries of Fox and the splendours of the- Regency. But the art of talk has. perished, Latin and Greek quotations are considered an impertineneo. A well balanced sentence is become pedantic and trouble some. Monosyllabic impudence, a well-turned eye, and a well-curled moustache hive taken the place of interloquial polish; and- diamond studs; are more showy than brains.. Our young men see no necessity in school learning. They prefer '.the science of "shanghais" to the "ingenuous Aits/', and at a very early age could graduate well in after-dinneir stories, and strong-flavoured cig&rs;» They are quite content to be useless, solong their powers or their beauty. Thoy will leave the govern ment of the world, its mechanical inventions, and its literature to plodding ugliness. * They are content, for the wave of a woman's fan, to sink their manhood into dreary imbecility, and their ambition into preco cious vanity. * Any portraits of men of mark will bear out thia statement-. I SEE De Stage has been taking up the Native Police Question in the Pall Mall Qazetie. He is evidently still a Queenslander at heart. At any rate he ought to know something about the "atrocity" business after so many years in the back-tracks. * * * A New YORK editor has got hold of a ghost with five witnessos. This jocund spirit has evidently read Joseph Cooke's lectures. It is at any rate judicious enough to provide corroboration of its corroborees. *. # . IT is consoling to know that foreigner^ now recog nise an English man of-war as " British soil." The materials used now-a-daysin ship-building are so very cosmopolitan that there was some danger of a British quarter-deck being considered no man's land-except the captain's. . * . . ON Sunday last, a country squire visited one of our leading churches, and on entering, deposited his hat on the seat immediately behind him. During the service, he noticed that arperson in this seat removed the hat to a more secure place under the seat. At the conclusion of the service, our country gent, on looking for hiB hat, was unable to see it, but found that an old worn and greasy headgear was left in it's place. It is needless to remark the occupant of that back seat went out before the collection was taken and the c. g. has decided to put his hat in front of him when he next visits a metropolitan church. 