? KNOCKNAGOW; OB, THE SOMES OF TIPPEBARY. BY 0. J. KIOKHAM. CHAPTER LIl— (Continued.) TmJfl eaeonraged, Trueboy leaped into the TfltJaeEcu B ^ the bnU ho re. SfcTjS-ai and still, pretending not "Grapple Mm, Trueboy!' cried the Carriok- man, dropping upon one knee as if he were going to take aim with a rifle at the b n £Se him, Trueboy!' repeated the two boys, dropping upon their knees, too, ^esharp hootera waiting the order to fire. There was a moment of breathless silence, and Traeboy looked about him m all Motions, evidently at a loss and having no idea of what he was expected to grapple. 'Grapple him, Trueboy!' repeated the Camck-man, savagely. Trueboy looked about him quite wildly now but could not make up his mind who or what the 'him' was meant to apply to ; till glancing upwards, some object overhead caught his attention, and Trueboy commsnoed barking furiously at it The eyes of the spectators were turned in the same direction, and there was a load roar of laughter when Tommy Lahy .discovered in the tree looking at first-surprised and then defiffhted at finding himself the object of their attention. Tommy laughed down at the open mouths below him, and for a moment theCarrick-man and his dog were forgotten. But the Carriok-man rushed at Trueboy, and, seizing him by the throat, knocked him down and stamped his foot upon him. Boy No. 1 then danced on Trueboy ; and boy No. 2 went and did likewise. Then boy One struok boy Two with his olenched fist in the right eye; and both boys were immediately ' in grips,' and fought fiercely for five minutes to relieve their feelings. The Oarrick-man pulled Trueboy into the ring again, and hallooed him at the bull; but Trueboy again wheeled rouud, and barked furiously at Tommy tiahy in the tree. ' He don't undherstand,' said the Carriokman; 'but wait till I bring him close to his head, an' ye'U see something.' He threw a leg over Trueboy, as if he were going to have a ride, and seized him by the neok with both hands with a view to wheeling him round, when the bull quietly advanced to the en<| . of his rope, and gave the Oarrick-mati .a playful touch of his bora updl(t the coafc-t^ls ; which so astonished th£ Odnfick-man thjit he cleared Trueboy's head at a bound; as if he were playing at frog-leaps with him, falling flat upon his face and hands some three yards beyond him. At this Trueboy, as if conscious of his disgrace, rushed over his prostrate master and up the side of the pit, uttering a dismal howl; and soampered off over ditches and hedges, as if a score of old kettles were tied to his tail; and was never seen or heard of afterwards—save that a gaunt hound was ipmetimes observed prowling among the rocks in tbe loneliest recesses of the mountains like the ghost of the last Irish wolf; and it was conjectured by some that this unhappy animal was the Carrick- man's dog, Trueboy. The Carrick-man himself pulled his hat over his eyes, and walked away without a word or a look to any one, followed by the two boys wiping the bitter tears of vexation and disappointment from their noses, and, it is to be feared, with the seeds of scepticism and misanthropy sown in their youig bosoms. TOM Cuddehy's * Venom.* wag next led into the arena. We will spare the-reader a detailed description of how she acquitted herself. It was admitted on all hands that Venom was ' blood to the eyes;" but still she never once ' took a right hoult,' And there was something so vioious, and viperish, andspitfiryin her mode of attack,, that when, at last, she was carried awaymaimed and bleeding, no one was sorry for her. 'Well, now,' says Wat Murphy, ' are ye all satisfied? Oris there any wan else ths^t wants to thry his dog ? It there is, say the word; for I'm in no hurryin life* Down, Danger!' There was no one else to be accommodated ; and Danger's jniuzle waatakenofi. Danger walkejj^jlowly towards the bull, Jigging his tail licking, his lips, as if, ™i intentions were quite amicable. Bat the J?" saw that he had a formidable foe before nun now, and with his head 1>eat dowp and ™ eyes rolling—no longer, looking the mere Plebeian animal he hud seemed before, b'ut a :: real lordly bull—prepared to receivehim. tlere again we shrink from attempting a minute description of the exciting, but, We ""t revolting encounter between 'Danger' and the stout-hearted little bull. Euoughto W »hat, m spite of his gallaut efforts to eing neroe assailant from him,- or pin Mm to g u? r t ° n ° d - he was pulled uponhis knees at jast and held there ap if his nose were in an, Vy Z, c ?" Then he plunged forward once Wore, and tried to shake his Toe from him'bf wagging him along the ground. But alii* dof? oln I n g to the poor brutoVnose ^i"?t. gr !" r there - Then'the Wretched bull rawed his head in the air, and uttered a low? BS* tt0an,aa a ii a '*«y heart were stooV^^1^0wmtm pr^sentjaflemei SteSJf. IT?®™ watching so eagerly. ' ; 7? Mr. fflk 'Yes, Wat,' added PhU Lahy, solemnly, loosen his hoult.' Wat Murphy advanced, and, scientifically ressing his thumb upon the dog's windpipe, aited quietly till want of breath forced him o gasp, and then Wat snatched him quickly p in his arms, and carried him off, the dog eeping his eyes fixed sullenly upon the poor ull, who dropped down, sobbing, upon tbe round, his rough coat all wet and dabbled ith the sweat of his agony. ' I think we had better start for home,' aid the doctor. ' Yes, I think BO,* returned Mr. Lowe, who ad kept behind a clump of bushes, as if he elt rather ashamed of being seen at such a lace. As they were turning away, a roaring, ouder than any bull's, startled them; and n looking up to the place whence it proeeded, they beheld, to their amazement, ory Hanly ' punishing' Mr. Beresford Pener most severely. Beresford retreated backards as Lory continued to ' plant' the right nd left alternately upon his mouth and nose, ntil he got his back to the tall ash tree, a. ough of which Tommy Lahy had converted nto a reserved seat, from which he could enoy the spectacle in the pit below with ease nd dignity. This proved a most injudioious ove on Mr. Pender's part, for Lory struck igher, about the eyes and forehead, and at very blow Tommy Lahy distinctly felt the hock as Beresford's poll came in contaot with the tree. Oh ! oh ! oh-o-o-o '.' roared Mr. Beresford Pender, working his elbows up and down like wings, and lifting, now one leg, now the other, as if he insanely hoped to defend his face with his knees. At last a well-aimed blow so completely shut up one of his visual organs, that Mr. Beresford Pender dropped down upon his knees, his face buried in both hands, and loudly proclaimed three several times, to all whom it might concern, that his ' eye was out.' At this stage Darby Ruadh came to his master's assistance. Here, get up,' said Darby Ruadh, seizing him by the oullar. Beresford did stand up, and clapping his hand over one eye, and finding that, after all, he was able to see Darby Ruadh and several other objects, both near and in the distance, with the other, became reassured, and muttered, ' No surrender !' To account for this little episode, it should be mentioned that Mr. Pender, after Lory's impertinent allusion to ' his grandmother,' mounted his horse and started in pursuit; and Lory, finding himself suddenly collared ana ' arrested in the Queen's name,' and seeing that his captor was Mr. Beresford Peuder, at once shook himself free, and brought the knuckles of his right hand into contact with the bridge of Mr. Beresford Pender's nose, which immediately produced the bellowing that so surprised Mr. Lowe and the doctor. Bob Lloyd walked deliberately up the side of the pit and shook Lory vigorously by the hand. ' I think I gave him enough of it,' Lory observed. ' Ay, faith,' returned Mr. Lloyd. ' Nice work to see a gentleman', encouraging the violation of the law,' muttered Mr. Beresford Pender. ' Hold your tongue, you whelp,' retorted Bob Lloyd, ' or I'll give you a greater cutting than ever your father gave a hound.' ' Bailiffs about your house'.' he muttered again—but so as to be heard only by those who stood close to him—in allusion to Mr. Lloyd's occasional difficulties with his oreditors, when even Jer's ingenuity could not ward off an execution, and Tom Ryan and most of the other tenants had their rents paid in advanoe. Here Tommy Lahy came sliding down the tree with considerable rapidity of motion; and, without in the least intending it, came with a very violent bump straight upon Mr. Beresford Pender's head. This mysterious assault brought him down upon his marrowbones again, and caused him to roar louder than ever. And, what added considerably to the mirth of the spectators, Tommy Lahy seemed to have been quite, as frightened by the shook as Mr. Pender, and remained olinging to the tree at the spot where his descent had been so unexpectedly stopped short, staring over his shoulder, with his eyes,wide open, till his father advanced, and, gripping him firmly by the oorduroys, dragged him down, by main force. Mr. Bob Lloyd shook hands with Tommy Lfthv also, and gave him a sixpence—to Tommy's utter amazement, for he oonld not see what he had done to deserve it. And then Mr. Lloyd insisted that Lory Hanly should mount behind him on his grey hunter and ride home with him—an honour that not only made his peace with Rose for having escaped to the bull-bait, contrary to her express inj unctions, but so puffed lip that young lady with oonsequence. that ^°bnny Wilson, the bank olerk, was received quite caldiy the next time he called, notwithstanding his mew 'Albert chain' and'silk umbrella. And : that • same' evening, when Kathleen was drawing tbe pony's rein at Maurice Kearney's,gate, Rose tossed her head and said*, ' Don't mind,' and they drove on out stopping. But all this did not prtv/ant Lory from having his reyenge for being obliged to wear Joe Rusgel's hat at the hull- Bait ; and he deliberately made up his mind, ito eit, by accident, the very first favourable opportunity, upon Rose's new bonnet—the one with the feathers^and «make a pancake efeifc?! :..„•-., • • '--^'i Jjoty hpw found himself finite a popular <a«u»<>ter, and was greeted with looks and imfe- of" admiration where*#! .}>•., went, i :-RpgS fypdeupfciin particular,beowpe Mr hope of having ft quiet set-to with mr. Lory some fine evening in the grove, while Bobby was left to roam at will among Miss Hanly's flower-beds. For Barney dearly loved the man or boy who would fight him; and his implacable enmity towards Father M'Mahon's servant was solely owing to the faot that that unaccommodating individual could never, for love or money, be induced to knock him down. Wat Murphy kept his purchase of the bull a secret from his customers, and even satisfied some of them that the flesh of that animal was by far the primest beef he had ever killed in his life before. But Mies Lloyd found him out; and arraying herself in her lavender silk dress, 6allied forth to denounce him for selling such meat ' to the gentry,' and to proclaim his wickedness all over the town. Wat took her abuse rather coolly, however, and even put some rude questions i to her on the subject of her complaint. But her harangue threatening to be oflonger duration than he thought agreeable, Wat quietly opened the back door, and the •white bull-dog quietly walked in. And Miss Lloyd seeing the white bull-dog looking up into her face, lost her speech and her breath, and the use of her limbs, and dropped down helplessly upon Wat Murphy's block, thathappened to bo behind her, thereby ruining the lavender silk dress for ever. When she had recovered somewhat, Wat Murphy politely offered to wipe the grease and blood off the silk dress with a coarse cloth, but Miss Lloyd declined his services. 'Let rue scrape it wud the knife at any rate,' said Wat sorrowfully. But Miss Lloyd gathered up her skirts and ran home, creating great astonishment along the street—men, women, and children crowding to every door to look after her; and frightening her mother and sisters—who at first thought she was dangerously wounded —almost out of their lives. CHAPTER LIII. THE .HUIlIiINGr IU TIIE KILN-FIELD. CAPTAIN FRENCH THROWS THE SLEDGE AGAINST MAT THE THRASHER. BARNEY IN TROUBLE. FATHER M'MAIIOK'B ' PROUD WALE;.' ' What a pity it is,' said Mrs. Kearney, ' that Mr. Lowe is not a Catholic. 'Pon my word he's good enough to be one. And 'tis often my Uncle Dan Baid the same of his uncle.' G-race, who sat with Mr. Kearney on one side of tbe car, laughed as she turned quickly round and looked at Mavv, who was with her mother on the other side. They were returning from last Mass, and Mr. Lowe stood outside the door to band the ladies off the car. ' I wonder Richard would be making such a fool of himself about that Katlileeu Hanly,' continued Mrs. Kearney. ' Walking by the side of their old phaeton all the way from Kilthubber, instead of driving home with Hugh in the gig, and leaving poor Mr. Lowe by himself all the morning.' ' Where is Wattletoes ?' Mr. Kearney called out as he got off the car. This was his day to be at first Mass,' Mrs. Kearney observed, 'and he ought to be at home an hour ago.' 'He wasn't at first Mass, then,' said the dairymaid, who ran out on hearing her master's voice, and who had a grudge against Barney for a reason of her own. ' He spent his mornin' at Kit Cummins's, card-playin' wud the lads.' Mrs. Kearney raised her hands in horror and amazement at this damning proof of Barney's wickedness. Running after balladsingers, peep-shows, and Punches-and-Judys, were mere venial offences compared with losing Mass on Sunday; and spending tbe time with ' the lads' deepened the offence to the darkest hue of guilt. A certain little club or fraternity, of whom one Andy Dooly (alias Andy Meeawe) was the leader and oracle, who frequented Kit Cummins's, were universally known as 'the lads' or 'the school,' and with them, we grieve to say, Barney was tempted to spend the morning, sitting upon a skillet, and playing ' scoobeen, upon the bottom of Kit Cummins's wash-tub, which was turned upside down for the purpose. Barney, however, was hurrying home early enough to escape detection, counting his coppers on the way, when, in an evil hour, he espied Brummagem (who, owing to early impressions, could never be persuaded that anything more was required to keep holy the Sabbath day than washing his face in the pool in the quarry, and drying it with his cap) placing a small stone on the smooth part of the road, and, after moving backwards half a dozen yards, pitching a penny at it. Barney pitched a penny at the ' bob' too. It, required a critical eye to judge which was the better pitch ; but Brummagem, taking a bit of iron hoop from his pocket, used it a^ a rule, making it plain that his- penny was the eighth of an inch nearer to the 'bob. This Barney admitted by a nod of assent in reply tj> a look from Brunlmagem. The hopeful youth then W® a halfpenny on the bit of hoop apd held it towards Barney, who placed another halfpenny beside it; and Brummagem, after . c ' . -.j-— Ih* iv/inii Innlr' liar movement ' heads,' and Brummagem pocketed them in silence, and pitched again. So the pitohing and tossing went on wifh varying luck till Tom Maher announced to Bamoy. that the family were hompfromMaas 'thiahour,'. and that the fnjstwg) found out feoff £f*rpey had beep « morning. , „ \- /: , , . 'Begob, I'm done for pow or ever,' exclaimed Barney. And he began to d ^ * VWi himself whether it wae to his mol abin above Glounamuokadhee, or to hiselations near Ballydunmore, he had better ly to escape Mrs. Kearney's wrath. But the roll of the big drum reminded im of the great hurling matoh that was to ome off in the kiln-field that day, and of he pledge-throwing between Mat Donovan nd Captain French, and of the' high- gates' and ' hell-and-heaven;' and, above all, of Peg Brady, whom Barney pronounced to bo ' tuppence a pound before any girl in the parish'—and a kiss from whom, he assured Tom Maher in confidence, was ' eating and drinking;' and Barney was a happy man once more! ' Begob, Tom,* he exclaimed, his eyes glistening with delight, ' there'll be po show but all the b'ys an' girls we'll have in the kiln-field to-day. Look up thowar's Boher- ™gga. The road is blaeb wud 'em.' " Tn Twill " 11 ha be " a great ™getherin',' tWm r returned Tom Maher. ' Do you think will Mat bate IhB captain ?' Barney asked, anxiouslv. 'I' 1 rather we'd lose the hurlin' than have M t bet at the sledge.' ' There's no danger, wud the help nv od,' Tom replied, ' though Phil Lahy is naisy. An' the captain is a powerful mm. never see such a pair uv arms. An' Tom oherty tells me ho never stopped praotisin' or the last week. But, never you fear, but at ')1 open his eye for him. An' we'er urty sure uv the hurlin', too, as we have om Doherty. I never knew Tom to fail on pint. He says he'll depind upon Miss ary to get his pardon for him from Father arroll, as he had to stale away at the first ight, an' he's afeard Father Carroll couldn't ind any wan to serve Mass. An' Miss Mary promised, for she's as anxious about the hurlin' as any uv us.' This was quite true; and when Tom Doherty told her how, every evening', when he went to water Father Carroll's horse to the weir, he was sure to see Captain French in the Priest's Walk, with his coat off, throwing a sledge ' for the bare life,' and that he'd give ' a twenty-pound note' to beat Mat Donovan, Mary beoame quite nervous lest the laurels were at last about to be snatched from Mat Donovan's brows. ' What is it in that letter,' Grace asked, ' that brings that happy look into your eyes? This is the third time you have read it within the past half hour; and you always look so glad.' Mr. Lowe had remarked, too, that he had never seen her look so animated—though it was the last day of his stay! ' Read it yourself,' said Mary, offering her the letter—which was from her sister Anne. ' I read it before, and couldn't see anything to account for your delight. It scarcely can be this piece of news about Arthur O'Connor.' [To be continued.) 