ARMIDALE. April! 9. :CIRCUIT COTIRT.--The results of the cases tried last .wcok : yon have learnt hy telegram. '1'ho list wis a small, but a '£ neavy one, and twice did it fall to tho lot of Judsre lanes to pronounce sentence of death. In tho caso of irilbrn Nott the verdict of guilty was accompanied by a strong recom mendation to niercy, and it is generally thought that two or three years' imprisonment with bo tho result of the verdict. Mr. Buchanan was not bnppy in his defence. ' Easy is the descent from tho nublime to the ridiculous. Quite ns easy as that of Mount Avernus, and David ' descended. Ho went too fnr in holding np the girl's deed as a praiseworthy one, nnd when ne told tho jury how ho could fancy tho auge!s in Heaven looking on and quietly npplanding nobody was surprised at Sir George Innes piilhughmiup with around turn. When he wimued up nguiu and told the jury that he believed that theoifenco wo read of in tho Uible against the Holy Ghost, which is unpardonable, was seduction of young girls, he was again unfortunate, flic man (jooi'go Uusbourne, for tho cold- blooded murder of tho Chinaman, will certainly be hanged. J.iaiiT.-Everybody wants t o seo the town lighted ; the difficulty is to decido how'to do it. lt -would bo a feathor in our cap to_ introduce electricity up hero, but as nobody knows anything about it, and tho borough council evinco no anxiety to learn, tho electric echemo will probably end in "gas." THE PünstONDS.-Mr. Redmond wants tho Town Hall to lecture in, nnd very likely he will get it-not because wo have any love for Mr. Kodmond, but because thcro is a general impression that ho is likely to do least as an agi tator by being let alone. Whether ho gets the ball or not a great many peoplo will go to hear what ho has to say. Perhaps ho will get somo money froni his sympathetic, countrymen here, who aro protty numerous, but uot a great deal. POSTAL.-Wo have got tho night delivery, fe; which thcro has been a bit of a strugglo, aiid are now content. Tho .' telegraph office will havo next to keep open a bit longer ' of ¡ni evening, and then there will be nothing left to growl about; . ?; fcV'WEATHün.-^Winter hits set in early. Frosts and fires aro flrnily established, 