COUNTRY NEWS. [BY TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) HAMILTON, THURSDAY. The weekly half holiday system was inaugurated to-day, and but for the execrable weather, the proceedings could not have failed to be brilliantly successful. Towards 3 o'clock, the town being gaily decorated with bunting, a procession of volunteer firemen, knights in armour, minstrels, gay cavaliers attired in costly operatic costumes, clowns, harlequins, was, formed opposite the town hall, and headed by the Volunteer Fire Brigade band, with banners waving, marched towards the Friendly Societies' Reserve, where it had been proposed to play a football match in costume. Before the party could reach the ground, however, the rain came down in torrents. Nevertheless they persisted, and between elie heavy showers of rain and hail, endeavoured to play as arranged. They might almost as well have sought to amuse themselves in a millpond, a great portion of the ground being under water. After making themselves thoroughly uncomfortable, the large crowd and the performers, who had so pluckily braved the elements for two hours or more, returned to town drenched to the skin. In the evening a mixed performance was given at the town-hall. HORSHAM, THURSDAY. At the General Sessions to-day, before his Honour Judge Trench, Frederick Boswell and Charles Russel were sentenced to 18 months and six months respectively for horse-stealing. MALDON. THURSDAY. A few nights ago Mrs. Miller was returning home, and, whilst waiting for afrieudntustreet corner, was passed by a young man, who, after going past her a few yards, returned, knocked her down, and struck her, giving her two black eyes and inflicting other injuries. Before leaving, he told her he thought he had given her enough. On reaching home she informed her friends, who at once communicated with the polite, but, as she could not give any description of the person who assaulted her, the matter remained a mystery. Reports had for some time past been current that ghosts have been seen in the neighbourhood of the place where the assault took place, and the following morning a young man who delivers milk in the neighbourhood appeared as usual, but with a bandaged and helpless hand, and informed his customers that he had been fighting with the ghost. This morning, on hearing that Mrs. Miller's case was in the hands of the police, he at once paid a visit to the sufferer, and on finding that she was really the ghost he had attacked, he offered a most abject apology. It is not known whether this has been accepted. MOOROOPNA, THURSDAY. An adjourned group meeting of the district farmers' unions was held in Shepparton to-day, The subjects discussed were malting in bond, valuation on landed properties, the railway tariff, c The attendance was large. The following resolutions were carried : , " 1. That this meeting. endorses the sentiments of the various clubs and unions in to malting barley in bond, and that the "Ago " and " Loader" are writing against the iiirmliuT Interest by advocating that malt line' In bond be allowed. 2. That the unions of the district be requested to co-operate in carrying on the (lo vernment the reduction of railway freight on the North- Eastern line. 3. That the present system of valuation on landed property is a tax on industry, and that the Governments urged that the value of land irrespective of improvements, be the basis of assessment" SMYTHESDALE, THURSDAY. On Tuesday a carter named Knight picked up a lump of gold worth about £09 in the bush, between Calico Flat and Haddon. ; A stabbing case occurred at the Chinese camp, Haddon, last night. A young European woman named Elizabeth Thompson hit her paramour with a sharp instrument just above the right ear, the wound bleeding excessively. She appeared at the Smythesdale Police Court in custody this morning, and was remanded until Tuesday. SHEPPARTON, THURSDAY. The annual horse parade in connexion with the Shepparton and Lower Goulburn Valley Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held to-day under the most favourable circumstances. The attendance was very large, and the exhibits quite as numerous and of a better class than last year. After the parade some of the horses were put up for sale, but were all passed in, the reserves being too high for bidders. The St. Arnaud Mercury says that the reservoir repairs are nearly completed, and the water is now being allowed to increase in depth. The town surveyor considers that the leakage was caused by defective material. 