South Australia. I Adelaide, February 6. Mw. Reid, the wife of a publican, died to-day of burns received through her little daughter, while carrying a lighted candle, accidentally igniting her dress. On our back page will be found an in- j te resting article on Australian Champagne of especial interest to Boma vignerons. Also an account of the Teut Hill calamity, and other news worth perusaL ] Ox Saturday afternoon and evening last, we pasted on the board outside the Western Star office tbe progress of the match between the English and Brisbane cricketers. We intend in future whenever an event of par ticular importance is about to be decided to adopt a similar course. The election of three aldermen took place yesterday. There was little excitement, and the result, as follows, was declared by the town crier shortly after 5 o'clock:— Moore, 140 ; Roach, 136; Bourne, 136; 56\. The three first mentioned have consequently been duly elected. Wb have a long letter from Mr. J. P. Molouy, which is supposed to be a reply to our remarks arient his charge against contractors orders. The letter com mences as follows:—"It is, as you say, extraordinary for an editor to himself use an open column, but it is still more extraor dinary for an editor to be " got at" so com pletely as you have been since your publica tion of my letter as to, after gently patting me on the back in your footnote to that letter, to belabor me with so heavy a stick m your very next issue. _'l trust, as your principles do not recognise unfairness, you will allow roe a reply, which I assure you shall be my last, on this subject at least." Any remarks aoncerning ourselves we do not mind publishing, bnt having narrowly escaped a libel action once before we do not care about publishing a mere repetition of statements which have been already em phatically denied. If Mr. Molony will 6nd any paper willing to publish the remainder of his second letter we will return him the manuscript, bnt it is absurd to think that "an open column" is a vehicle for direct charges, gross insinuation, and libellous accusations. Mr. TV. J. Morlet, of the Courier and Qtieenslander, is in Roma as special reporter during the present Ministerial trip. Mr. Morley has travelled north, south, east, and west with all creeds and factions without contamination. He was shipwrecked once in coming up from Sydney, and instead of being in the least dismayed turned round aud asked the captain of the vessel, while waves were tossing over the ship, whether he could get " a binnacle lamp and a dry place to write copy on, ae he wanted to telegraph an immediate account." Morley travels about because he is a good accident maker, aud he has been heard to remark whenever a happy catastrophe occurred, " Don't I wish I was in it I" He is a champion banquet man, but there is a. fellow in Roma who has attended some thousahda with him and never seen him wider the'table', yet. Tab crioket match in Brisbane has', closed as everyone with one eye open, predicted. The English team have not only won'but to use an American term they have " mashed" the Globe hotel eighteen. Such an al>surd and prejudiced selection of men was never known. The Waldegrave cricket club them selves could play the'Brisbane eighteen and thrash them easily. In their first innings Bligh'a team made 265. In their first attempt the eighteen made 62, and 49 in their second, The mother country thus won by one innings and 154 runs. The highest score a Queensland man made was 10 not out, and in the two innings a dozen round O's were counted. We never recognised the eighteen as a representative te^ra, always looked on tbe match as a force, and are sorry that we are right. Furthermore we object to the Queensland Cricket Associa tion assuming that title from henceforth' Globe hotel cricket coterie Albertstcum Stanleys-cum-Carltons, is about the proper designation. They seem to forget that the ie§ul$ of the match will be telegraphed throughout the Australian colonies, to Eng* land, and to America. A sorry figure they have iqa'Je us cut, and all because hoys whose fathers subscribed £5 were iucluded in the team. Brisbane is the cricketing world of Queensland, and the much maligned Ipswich has beaten her over and over again. Not a single player was pijt in on merit, except AVeapue, local prejudice pioked tho team, and local prejudice has deservedly been igi*omiuiously defeated. Ivq Bligh'a team mqy have scored a victory here but they have not beaten Queensland, and they IBUat blame Brisbane for tile emission, Oca telegrams convey the inte^ence that the office of our contemporary the &. George Standard hag been burned down. We exceedingly regret to learn of tbw. Xt>e present proprietors have only recently pur chased the property, and althongh insured they can scarcely be covered to the lull extent. Delay ig uuavftjdable and we trost j that the patrons of the journal will offer all; assistance in order to lessen the loes sus tained. - '""1 The present visit o| the Ministers to Bnnaa has resulted in a settlement as to where the experimental farm will be placed. Mr. Pink, curator of the Brisbane Botanical gardens who came up with the party left yesterday morning in order to ohoose a site Dear Yeulba. Nothing definite has yet been arrived at but we sincerly hope that an alteration will 8e made as thousands of pounds depend upon proving the Koma Boil to be equal to that of any other vine-growing country in the world. We like sport, and appreciate a good shot, lmt do not consider anyone a sportsman who kills game during the close season. The close season for dacks commenced on the first of February and ends on the 30th April. It is unfair to those "who observe the season for others .to break in npon it, and by reck less shooting destroy chances of good sport" at the proper time. We just give a hint in time to avoid future unpleasantness. The excuse of "wallaby" is not good enoogh 2 we' ascertain a deliberate case of duck shooting daring the close season. This is no personal matter but affects many who have spoken to us about it daring the past few days. The Shield Telegraph (Q says:—*' lie style of the' new Law Courts is impressively symbolical of the Btate of English law. The exterior is lofty of mien, aosfeie of aspect, and has in the'majesty of itB mere massive il ess a certain grim and gloomy grandeur. The idea of it might have been caaght in a young architect's dream of the sort of pal ace, half prison, half fortress, that would have suited some burly baron of Brobdig nagg. The interior is a vast labyrinth imper fectly lighted, and in this respect also the edifice well symbolises the law; for it is easier for a novice to find his way into it than to find his way out. The money that built' the place constitutes of itself a pathetic memorial of the ways of- British Law ; for the millions expended in constructing the frowning edifice were all made op of on claimed leavings that had accumulated in Chancery ana Bankruptcy Courts. How many broken hearts, how many ruined lives, how many wrecked ventures, how many liti gationsfought out on the Kilkenny cat prin ciple, are represented in the towering masses of stone 'Which now face with severe dignity the Strand. In another respect Mr. Street's great work resembles the law. It requirrs to be mapped and codified so that a simple man may not lose his way in it. Possibly there was a spice of Dantean satire in Mr. Street's conception of the morose magnifi cence suitable for the huge building which was to be paid for with the money of suitors who had vanished to ghost-land before their suits were ended." Concerning the murder of Constable Dwyer, a correspondent writes to the Courier from Taroom under date 29th January:— " On the 25th September last Mr. Anderson, of Kinnoul, whilst riding home on the Euroomba-road, was murderously assaulted by an aboriginal named Toby, and only es- caped by his horse bolting with him. As soon as he could leave his family in safety he came into Taroom and caused a warrant to be issued for Toby's arrest. This Toby is a very strong and powerful man, for many years a source of great trouble and fear to many in this district, but it has been found impossible to catch him. On the 26th Jan- uary Senior-constable Wright and Constable Dwyer, accompanied by a black tracker, came on him at daybreak sear Jundah sta- tion. He was then coming from a waterhole to his camp, the police coming in the oppo- site direction. They rode quietly up and asked his name; he replied, "My name Toby." On this, Constable Dwyer rushed from behind Wright and seized him. In the struggle that ensued, Dwyer's revolver dropped, and Toby literally buried his toma- hawk in Dwyer's skull; not, however, before Wright had lodged two balls in Toby's body, at about 3ft. distance. Toby then turned on Wright, whom he struck at with his tomahawk, which Wright evaded, and emptied his revolver into Toby, who then threw his nulla nulla, slightly wounding Wright and after a short pause fell dead. Dwyer lived about half an hoar; his body was carried to Juandah station, and buried after a magisterial inanity had been held by Mr. C. J. Royds, J.P. Verdict found that Constable Dwyer was, in the exercise of his duties as a constable, whilst trying to arrest Toby, feloniously and brutally murdered hy the said Toby, and that Toby's death was a case of justifiable homicide. Constable Wil- liam Dwyer was a native of Ireland, has been with us about three years, and gained the esteem of most people here as a most zealous officer in the discharge of his duties. He leaves a widow enciente and one child to deplore their loss. The difficulties in the way of Senior-constable Wright, and the pluck required to arrest a scoundrel of this type can only be appreciated by those who know the hundreds of miles of scrub here and the description of blacks referred to." The following charge was brought against a man named Simeon Full in the Central Police Court Sydney "That on the 22nd January, in George-street, he did sell to certain persons enclosed packets which con tained goods, and others of which contained money, the aid packets being sold by chance and such sale beinsfor the benefit of the said defendant, and not for the purpose of raising ^unds in aid of;any eleemosynary or charitable institution of a public charaoW." Afpector Anderson stated, was a copy of an information held good in a similar caw by the Supreme Court. It is certainly rather a strangely-expressed charge, and one which M It means anything, implies that an unlaw! rul act m a private individual becomes & legal and proper act when used for a public charitable purpose. That is to say, the siu of the street vagabond is the lawful and praiseworthy act of the daintly-dressed maiden at the bazaar. The offender pleaded ignorance, apd was fined £1, the mafistSe J ? Sai!llj e, solemnly informing him that he had rendered himself liable to a penalty of £100. 10 a ne2° oT KA^?f?IN^.ENT -and Short Wheesane, Couchs. and of testimonials can be L°fUlcod to prove the power possessed liv hese corrective remedies iu cases of asthma^ osrsk t£E of ,mP?wlt,«» which are the fonnda 