DIOCESE OF ARMIDALE. His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Torroggiani, on Sunday, the 4th after Pentecost, visited Ben Lomond and administered the Sacrament of Con firmation to twenty-seven candidates of ages varying from fourteen to sixty years; several of them being converts who had been instructed and received into the Church by Father M'Cabe, whose indefatigable zeal in gathering the scattered sheep into the true fold is really wonderful. The Catholics of Ben Lomond consist chiefly of rail way labourers on the Great Northern line, who are clustered together in hubs and tents on this, the loftiest region of the New England table-land, 5,600 feet above sea-level. The Saturday' s journey to this remote part of the diocese was not accom plished without difficulty, the main road even being in an appalling state of mud and ruts; but diverging from this, the latter part of the drive was through a wild and tractless country, and it required all the skill of Dean O'Connor's prac tical hand to steer horse and buggy safely over fallen trees and through gullies of mud and water whose depth could only be discovered by an experience painful and perilous both to man and beast. All dangers were, however, soon for- gotten as the Bishop and their faithful pastor came within range of their warm-hearted Irish flock. First one and then another horseman or horsewoman emerged from the shadows of the sur rounding bush until quite a cavalcade was collected to escort the Bishop and his companion to the encampment. The next morning at 9 o'clock, the Bishop offered up the Holy Sacrifice in the small iron building that serves as a chapel, and the greater part of the congregation received Holy Communion from his hands. At 11 o'clock Dean O'Connor said a second Mass, and the Bishop preached an eloquent sermon on the gospel of the Sunday. The scene, on that wild and desolate mountain, with the congregation of rapt listeners, amid the intense stillness, of that lonely spot, not inaptly brought before the mind of those present the scene by the Lake of Gen nesareth amid the wild hills of Judea where more than 1800 years ago, and over 16,000 miles away, the disciples gathered round the feet of their Divine Master and heard from His own blessed lips the self-same words read out to these disciples by the pastor, whom the same divine Lord, still living and teaching in His church, had appointed over them. After Mass, the Bishop administered the sacrament of Confirmation to the candidates whom the zealous priests of the Armidale district had for some time been prepar ing for the holy rite. After the ceremony, the Bishop addressed those who had received it in a few earnest and affectionate words, reminding them of the great privilege that had been con ferred upon them in being made living temples of the Holy Ghost, and exhorting them to keep their bodies and souls pure and stainless for this marvellous indwelling of the Most High. Before separating, the generous Catholics of Ben Lomond presented their Bishop with a purse of sovereigns and the following address :— 'May it please your Lordship — We, the Ca tholics of Ben Lomond, in wishing you a hearty welcome to this isolated portion of your pastoral charge, desire to express to you our deep grati tude for the sacrifice you must have made, and the inconvenience to which you must have sub jected yourself, in coming to visit us with the rest of your scattered flock. We have often admired the wonderful energy and indomitable zeal with which your mis sionary career with Australia has been characterized. We have noted with pride and pleasure your ardent desire to visit every portion even the most remote of your vast diocese, and like your divine Lord and Master, to do good wherever you set your foot. Your efforts on behalf of Catholic Education have elicited the praise and admiration not only of your own people, but also of other denominations. You seem determined that the work of 'the great Parkes' shall not destroy the faith of your 'little ones' or prove 'a death blow to your clergy!' Sincerely thanking you for your goodness in coming to visit us, we pray that the Giver of all good gifts may shower abundent blessings on your Lordship and grant you a long and happy life here and eternal happiness here after. Begging your acceptance of the ac companying purse of sovereigns, we remain your faithful children. Signed on behalf of the Ca tholics of Ben Lomond, Patrick J. M'Kenna.' The Bishop made a suitable reply, thanking all present for their kind word of welcome and at tachment and for their generous gift, and expres sed at the same time the pleasure it had given him to visit them and to witness their love and devotion to their holy religion. 