How uthen'Cag sCrowned. [PALL MALL, B?UDOET ?6TH APRIL,] ... -"As: the coronation is one ofbhe most brilliant ceremonies in the world, the following escription of it(from a R?asiaa source)may be.:aread_ 'with interest :-.The great ceremony has al w ays beed ~peforiiihed c'ith' church` of the Holy Assumpfio, w Iiith t .waits.I of., the Kremlin.. at Mocoi. ~Phe great Kremlin is a octagon :plot: of ground.of.many :acres 'on ahigh' eleva-' tiohn, srrounded : by high. walls "and' fortifications, a n?lortaiis 'for Crro6w' palaces 'three catteiral. , the ...... . had Governor's residence, a university, and a numberof monasteriesitnd niiinneries. The appearance of itlleKremlin is'very,. striking, as the walls are white, tWe fortifications eme.Ild green,the entrances rpg 'tinted, and thl e root's of the. cathe dials gilded, the whole forming awwon derful combination T"h' e coronation procession begins to form ait the; ~ lcavar barracks, four. miles. distan fromthe Kgremlin- , . ':-7 Early ir,thea day ,appointed for the ceremony- sixty-heraldsi -mounted -on rem-colored horses1'and commanded by a master of ceremonies appear before. the gates of the <barracks and blowa" salvo, upon: which; the. colonel of the: regiment .appears .and asks what tlie'" want io him. "The, zarommands, thee follow me ,is-the answer, and tlih gates are thrown open, and the regi ment,-which- has- been- expecting-the suiimons':gallops 'utiand follows the heralds.i' The heralds then proceed to_ thebarracks ofthe Lancers,-' here 'the same thing' takies~place, :then' to' ttei university, then to" the aOdrlieal of St Nicholas, "wheriei the- clery join the procession, then' tthe law courts, where the judges ?Fll.in. .then to: the headquarters of ;?the ??iarsials of the' nobility,.the staff officers, the several professions, the goveruorsid the piefectsc the deputations from every part of 'theW empire, the: trade guilds, d&., each body joining at-a separate place,-and all being summoned by the% heiralds, as in the first case. The, procession goes- on swellin' until it reaches enormous pro portions, so much -s tlhat w1eathe head. of it arrives at:the Kremlin the trail is still at the other-e eind of the towni Arrivipngat' St:- Demetrius gate they flnd'it closed. The heralds then blow their" rumpetf f,-and the commander of the citadel aippeai a'nd dean~'s what they want, towhieh the crowd.-repies, ",The,:Czar." : " And what for I"askks the commander... "To crown him the most powerful of the powerful," is the, reply;", andn the gates fly. open. The Metropolitans of Moscow, Kazan, Novgorod, and Kieff here head the pro ceision, and, with the deputations frdm every part of the empire, they advance to tlie palace_andform in front of it. These deputations consist of~-Russians, Roumanians, Kirghiz, Chinese, Mingre: lians,. Bashkirs, Poles,,. Georgians, Circassians, Calmucks, Armenians, Turkomans, Tartars,. , Esquimaux, .,Afghans, Bulgarians, Laplanders, Mon golians,Finns, Persians and Bokharians, all in their respective natural costumes. The 'Metropolitins then advance and call upow;the Czar .to come forward, upon whic. he app ars atthepontico~ dressa-'iii-ii-h uniform o, sa colonel of the Imperial Guardswit?h the Empress, dre?sed as aaL Russian- peasait,'on ohis ar'..: The instant the.depatatiobusare.. k 1 , as ' ginki 1. presen'cedthey knsh y hezarwhat they: want of himo, 'the ,Metropoliian of, Myco:pile 'that thave beta: sen from £ ,g rc i ,- see t.uir bear anointgqda,,gi~e vt; y can return to their homes and assure those who sent th4m that.iohe Ozar v~ii-ily thatLord's proceeall d to th9e d ral:;;oiHeaol? Asumptioq, ,theu andt-r,,zatinsa ,:walkidg ",betwl ee the. bishops and,the deputations, d. . a.; ,,· ..,rnf atiithe chlurc~.llthp . za r;and his - wife are shown to ordinary thrones near +those of the bishops;, and: the, special :bservice immediately bginus. After the firstlesson is reid the metro politans conductdthe Emperor and .Em press to a canopy of scarlet velvet, richly embroidered.in gold,the .princi pal,.figure, being:,the double-headed Russian eagle.:. Under the canopy isl an elevated platform upon which': re 'the listorical ':th~rone of the'Ci Vladimir Monomachus and an ordinary arm- chair.for the.Empress, also a:" table upon which.ar tlihe sceptre and crown' of Constantines Monomaclis, a sword, and :t mantle of ermine. .The nobles IIow advfance, fromthe soiih uf the :Cathedral and surrounding.the platform-, draw their: swords and place theni attheli feeit of the Czar The Biho j of Kazn I thena sks.i the" mpergr_?n a loud'voicei if he is:a, true;believer, to whichilhe replies' by .readin" the T. ords ' Praer and?,:the r;Apostles Cied " ??.of' ,the 1 Gieek " Church,:" The Bishop :nexti :If there be any of ,youhere'p'resent kno`wing :an .' impediment-..for' .,which a tAltexander, son of,;Alexandler .(or: other'' f name);, shonld" not:be :rowned by the grace of: God; Emperor anid Auitocrat of aill the iRussianii s o' Moscow, '' If Kieff, of Vladimiro atNovgorod,; Czar of i Kazan,, ofsAQtrakhan,: of}Poland, of 1 Siberia, of Kherson-Taurida, of Gronsi; Gosandar of Pakoff; Grand: Dike:of Smrolensk, of Lithuania, of ,olhynia, of :Podoliak;, and of :iFinland ; Prince of ? Esthonia, <"of Livonia; . of, Cour land, of Semaig-alia, of the Sramo ."de'of Bielastok, of Corelis, of Foei, of :ngor ?of. Perm, of.::iatka, of Bulgaria, and of other countries ; Mas ter anid Grand Duke" of 'th~e Lower Couniitries i Novgorod, of Tchernioff, of Rizan,. of Polotak,. of Rostoff, of t Jaroslaff; of; Bieloserak, of Oudork, obf t Obdorsk; of Kondisk, : of Vitels~ , ?of Mstilaff, and of all the countriesof the north; Masteri: Absolute of :Iversk, .of Kastalnisk, of Kebairdinsk' and ofthe territory .of .Armenia , Sovereign of Moiuntaisn Princesof Tcherkasc, MIas- i ter.of Turkeistan?i Heir Presumiptide of Noray and Duke oflSleswick-Hol , stein, of Stormarne,otfDithmarse; and'of Oldenburg, let him' cams forward, now; in thename'of the Holy Trinity and show what; the impediment is, or let I imn remaindumb for ever ! . :This is repeated three" times, and upon no objection being raisedl h'e iys bi" hand upon ?ie head of, the Czar,' who immediately kneels. At : this c point the Metropolitan of Mosiow' takes tlhoemantlee of` ermine from the table I and throws it ,over f the kheeling Czar, saying,: " Cover and protect thy people: as this robe covers and protects `theie; t the Emperor replying,;"I will, - ..w., t I will, God.helping,"and Iwssin, the prelate's hand. ':The Bishop of Novgorod now places. the sceptre in tlie Czar's lda rthis, 7wither the da? thou? art? unjust ;. the answer. being, ' Be itso ; after which the Bishop of Kiefft places the crown'i upon the FEmpe?.r's head. A t .this point. tl e Empress kneels beside her husband,.who partly covers her with the cloak of ermine; and also hbldsihis 'crwn above her head for a few secos without, however, placing it upon her i The "Ciar and' Czarina ieinaii in pryer,, for sve'ral" minmutes. aiid, a dleadly sil"ence, ,; and the r instant tthey. rse to.their feet bishops; nobles' depu-p tations, clergy, and all presient kneel to The cry isitaken up by the hundreds of thousends who are outside, the heralds sound their'trumpeg?, guns aie. freid and bells are rung.. The Czar com mande the people toise, andi ' agan surroutied h'b.the.nobles;, ho-,receive their:.swords .baclk from the: Imperial hands, the: Emperor sayisng, "t isf.j thy. ::countryas,+ to:` whc ,the, noble., •replies ; A"?nd my Czar's M.esssis argain: resumed,, and', the oEmperor proceeds alone..to, the altar, passing through'. the Golden Gates of., the 'conostasimi, which ;are closed behind him`,'th hiding hi from view. Here after partaking of the Holy communion; the Metropblitan of Moscow anoints his beau; temiples, e dyeilidsips, notrils, ears, breasts anid hands,' sayi? "Behold: the~.salrof li? Hioly Ghost my it keep: theel ever?,holy." .:,The' Gates- -of :the Iconostasini ate re-opened; the Czar:ap-I peari:beforiethemari and is hailed with shoutfs't Thou srt verily by the Lord anoiated." The Empress advaices tdo the sanctuary,, and kneepti to'hei: r ld r ho bids hlier se, a;i d : theyj walk out of .l:he: cethea?ra arm in arm.. At the door:is a gided charoiot, drawn by twelve white horsesj into "whiesh the'i enter,' the princes, othlibermembers ofthie.~T .peri? d family, foreign. monarchs guests &c.;, entering other State chariots. . ::The pro cession again::forms .as -it did on ap proaching the: Kremhlin, arid' ;?ith its nwi additiions, moves.slo?l y th?itdgh the gad'iydec;rated; town. According to,anold custom, the 'Czari's criage; instead of being guarded by troops,'is suirroubnded by one: hundred' maidens belonging to the, best Rus n famnilies, all dressed iii. white and holiday .gar lands of floweras. Court balls arid re eptions begin in the oevening andilast for a fortnight, after which the court re turns to Petersburg. 