THE LATE LORD FREDERICK CAVENDISH. (fhom the times.) The Bradford Cemetery Company nave ju6t com pleted, on behalf of the tenantry of the Duke f Devonshire on the Bolton Abbey estates, a me- . morial of the late Lord Frederick Cavendish. Tho c oss, which is carved from the fine whito frees'one obtained at Bolton wood qna'ries, has beeu erected from designs prepared by Messrs. Mawsoo, nrcbi- tecs, of Bradford. It consists of five pieces — namely, a base about 7ft. square and 2ft. thick formed of one solid block, a pedertal about 4ft Gin. high by 4ft. sqaare, an ornamental shaft, tbo cross 'proper, and a cap or finial, and now that tbe dif ferent portions have bei n pat together tbe design is seen to be very harmonious and effective. The cross nnd 6haft are very richly carved with tho carious interlacing patterns peculiar to ltunia re mains, this portion of the work having be u per formed by Messrs Farmer and Brindl- y, tbe Bcu p- tors, of London, who did the carving and fi.ures on the exterior of the B adford town-hall. On the pedestal is tbe following inscription in Kuuic text: — To tbe Belovt d Memory of Lord Frederick Charles Cavendisb, Son of William, Seveuth Duke of Devonshire, and of Blanche Georgina, his wife, Brn November 80, 1836. He went out as Chief Secretary to Ireland " Full of Love to that country, " Fall of hope for her future, " Full of capaoity to render her service," And wasmurdered in the Fhcenix-park, Dublin, Within 12 hours of his arriva1, May 6, 1882. " The Lord grant thee thy heart's desire, An l fulfil all thy mind" " The text of tbe inscription was decided upon by Lady F. Cavtndish, the widow of tho deceased .nobleman, and Lady Eenrtoo, his sister, while the 11 -es quoted are words used by Mr Gladstone in communicating tbe -mrowfut news of the assassins tiou to tbe Houbb of Comm ns on tlie Monday after its occurrence. The cross is to be ereoted ou its pcrmaoent site at Bolton Abbey, tbe place selected being at the edge of tbe Abbey burial-ground in a .romantic spot, beneath the shade of one of the magnificent sycamore trees for whicli the Abbey is famous. '-Down in the Dark. — In the lower levels of the : Oomstock mines — particularly those long abandoned or unused — are seen many wonderful growths of different kinds of fnugi. Some of these are of great size, almost filling up drifts, aud Been by tbe dim light of a candle loo > 1 ke sheeted ghosts. Down lielow in" tne dark these growths seem to strive to imitate the forms of things seen on the surface. In one of our mines was once found an imitation of a fancifully- carved meerschaum pipe, stem and all, eo perfect that it wenld easily be mistaken for the genuine article if not taken in the hand and closbly examined. Some of the funui r- st-mblo the horns of animals, and are from Iwo feet to a yard in , length, while others might puss for petr fi d devil fish. — Virginia Enterprise. A " John Brown Memorial Fund" is nbnn'-- to lie started among the Scuta iu London. . Sir Erasmus Wilson is at the head of tlie movement. 