THE SCRAP ALBUM. (OrrcN to Casual CoNTitinirroi-s.) ? Wollongong Agricultural Socioty annual moot ing, this ovoninc. Upwards of 4J inchos of rain was registered at tho Wollongong Tolograph Oflico during tho lato downpour. ? Five por cont. Intorest paid by tho Building Socioty for tho first yoar, 0 por cont, for tho socond, nnd 7 per cont. for last year ; with ovory prospoct of 8 por cont. for tho prosont yoar. Not- bad. Tho Camden Show hna been postponod until Wednesday and Thursday noxt, iu conscquonco of tho woathor, ' Turpontine' writes that ho hopos Mr. Lovoday don't intend any 'dyimmito' pranks whon ho says ho won't lot tho namo ' Shorbrooko' rest in peaco on tho Bulli Mountain country. Bulli railway mooting postponod until noxt Tuesday evening, in conseqnenco of tho rain. Tea mooting nnd soiroo connoctod with St. Augustine's, Bulli, postponod until Wednesday ovoning noxt, owing to bad woathor and roads. 'Stipend' writes as follows: — 'Itappoarsto mo and others that a cortnin gentleman, while holding forth at tho Tompnranco Hall, tho othor ovoning, was suffering from tho '' mountain in labour' complaint, lio is roportod to havo mado a great deal out of some parties paying £15 a yoar for tho support of thoir clergyman. Cortainly such partios deserve credit, but thero is nothing extraordinary about tho Presbyterians having paid somo £1200 within tho last tow years, exclusive of stipend monoy, considering that ovory Prosbytorian from Coal Cliff to Mount Torry is supposed to con tributo for that purposo. If thero is to beany ' blowing' over that kind of thing hero, tlio » os lcyans of Wollongong and tho Church of England pcoplo of Bulli might say somothing about tho cost of thoir now churches.' It is said, "The King of Spain, with twenty thousand men, marched up the hill, and then marched down again." Whitton has gone up the hill to Bottle Forest with the Illawarra Railway line, but cannot got down again.—"Bluegum." If ' It ia tho pace that kills' (writes ' Querist'), how do Corporation and Govornmont workmen manage to last so long 1 ' Greenhorn' cannot understand why tho pub licans aro so anxious about tho now Licensing Act, as thoy novor troublo thomsolvea about tho law, oxcopt to ovado it (unless it suits- them). They think moro of tho (prophets) proJiU. 'Loyalty' suggests that tho approaching Quoen's Birthday should bo colobratod in a man ner worthy of tho occasion. If our worthy Mayor would tako tlio matter in hand. It would bo an accomplished fact, Sports by day, fireworks at night, &c.;, ad libitum. ' Nanticus' thinks it would be much bottor and moro bonoficial to tho public, if Mayor Franklin would apply his onorgy and influence to getting tho harbor cnlargod and permanently improved, instead of planking over tho spaco south of the jotty, which (in his opinion) would only acconi modato tlio I. S. N. Co. and a fow la-di-da podos trians ' Paterfamilias' advisos tho Truant Inspootor to cast his not occasionally at tho wharf, whoro lie would frequently socuro a good haul of ' wags,' ospecially on tho arrival of a strango vessel, Attention is callod to Tattorsall's Consultation on tho Quoou's Birthday Cup, whicli will bo drawn ou an early dato. Early application is necessary to secure tickots, as it is filling up rapidly. ' Quiz' is anxious to know whether or not tho Bulli Progress Committeo has ' given up the ghost.' If so, ho suggests that tho funeral obsequies bo carriod out on an imposing scalo, and that tho officers of tho Wollongong Committeo bo invited to act as pall-boarers. In tlio Assombly, on Tuesday, tho Wollongong Gas Company's Bill was read a socoud timo, and passod through committoo with a vorbal amend ment. Mr. Howitt, a Victorian P.M. , goe3 to Boga, to a blackfollows' corroborco, to obtain material for a work ho 13 preparing on native ethnology. At Mr. Bate's salo, at Fairy Meadow, on Wed nesday, by Mr. Biggar, milk cows changod hands at somothing like ' old times' prices, ono reaching £13, several going abovo £10, and none loss than £5 15s. Tho sentence of doatli passod upon MilbraNott, for murdering hor quondam lovor, has boon com muted to imprisonment for fivo years. Judging by tho Postmostor-Gonoral's advertise ment in this issue, tho namo Shorbrooko appears to bo officially signod, soalod, and dolivorod in regard to tho Bulli Mountain sottlomont. It was reported yesterday that butter had boon loworod to Is. 3d. in Sydney, in order to counter act shipmonts of that article coming from New Zealand. Tho ' Herald' says that although Mr. Stuart is generally a cautions man, ho did not manifest duo caution in speaking shout tho Bechot caso. Tho cost of tho lato small-pox troublo to tho Government amounted to £84,000. Of this Dr. Caffin received £1000, Dr. Cluno, £2515, and Dr. Fouoart, £G40. , A lad iu Sydney was finod £5 for letting ou crackers in a stroot— a caution to Quoon's birtli night loyalists. At his mooting at Tonterfield, Mr. Redmond noticed Sir Henry Parkos's loyal address motion in tho Assombly, and attackod the mover, ex plaining away from his (Mr. Rodmond's) stand point sovoral of tho accusations mado against tho Irish Land League by Sir Honry. Ho said that, on his return to Sydney, ho would givo an address specially dovoted to Sir Henry's speech iu moving his resolutions. Tho Kendall Memorial Fund now amounts to upwards of £1000. Tho rooont concert at the Univorsity Hall in aid of the fund realised £170. Two garrotters deluded a man into a dark lano in Sydnoy a fow nights ago, and thoro robbed him of some monoy thoy bocamo awaro of his having on him. An olectric light company is boing formed at Goolong. Gonoral and Mrs, Booth, the founders of tlio Salvation Army, intend to visit Australia. Of 439 passengers brought to these colonios by tho Oriont on her prosont trip, 107 wars for Ade laido, 108 for Melbourno, and 224 for Syduey. This looks well for New South Wales. Tho imports through tho Albury Custom House for tho past quarter amounted to £88,024, and the oxports to £57,704. Tho dutio3 collected by this colony wore £5402. Tho Kiama atono stoamor Pioneer wont ashore south of Botany on Tuesday night— all hands savod. Captain Lopez, who swam ashore to Bondi not long sinco from anothor stono boat, was inastor of tho Pionoor. Mr. Fletcher, M.P., has agreod to pay tho Co operative minors the increased pricos asked for. A seam of coal and a bed of opals aro roportod to havo boon discovered on tho Richmond. Queensland is to float a loan of £3,000,000. On Sunday night somo navvies took possession of a wine shop seven miles from Glon Iunes, and hold it for somo timo. A free fight onsuod, during' which ono man was badly stabbod in tho arm, and had to bo carried to tho hospital. Sir Charlos Gavan Duffy now publishes a sequel to his ' Young Ireland,' being an account of the four years of Irish history from 1S-15 to 1849. A man who, at Sydnoy, crossed tho lino of firo at a shooting gallery, tho othor day, was killed by boing shot in the oyo by a pea gun. 10 years ago, or boforo tho discovory of tho mine thoro (says tho ' Echo'), Cobar was all white upon tho map - a sandy desert, a watorloss wasto. Now Cobar claims a placa iu our maps and geo graphies as a city. It has 3000 inhabitants and no water— no rivor, crook, or woll. A hundred miloB south of tho Darling and 200 north of tho Lach lau, it lies midway ill tho first wildorness of Aus tralia that by-and-by will bocomo all garden. A coal-mining agent in Molbourno has vanished, and with him £1000 bolonging to tho Messrs. Browu, of Nowcastlo. At Adolaido, a young man, against whom thero ; wove several convictions, was sentenced to seven I voars' imprisonment for stealing an ovorcoat valued ? at £1 15s, - 20,000 Ions of coal wero exported from N ' 0 castle last week. | . At Newcastle, on Saturday nieht «.,» .. 5 junction of Waratah and Folly ?oads n , - named James Cook, a gardoiior at Ti^lio'n in? was stopped by two men, who dram-ud him n„ ! Ins cart, and half throttlod him. Tliov roU° bu8h°f nU hiS CaSh' 'nd th°' dec«'npcd into the Tho Wallsond Coal Company havo resolved t„ pay the extra prices on yardage and small coal do mantled by tho miners. A girl, 17 years of ago, namod Louisa Weint-ar. tuon, whilst walking bare-footed in tho mi ll hor residonco, Tigho's Ilill, Nuwcastlo, a fortnich sinco, ran a splintor into hor foot between tho bir. too and tho instep. In spito of skill sho oxniml from tho results on Sunday, hor sutFeriii™ luivin„ been intonso sinco the accident 0 Mr. Redmond said, at Tontorfield, thathosym pathisod vory much with the pcoplo of that oloctorato upon their unfortunate position in luv. ing Sir Honry Parkos as their representative. ^ Tho Globo Colliery, at Nowcastlo, hits ticcoM to tho demands of tlio minors about prices, A Mrs. Holland, in Sydnoy, is accused of lwv. ing poured hot soup upon her daughter of oloven ; years, and 'sitting' upon her several times. Tho child was taken to tho hospital on Tuesday. ! Dyspopsia, bilionsnoss, nervousness, and miser. ! ablonoss all cured with flop Bitters. See. ! Tho four-mastod Aberdeen clipper Port Jackson 1 loft Sydnoy last wool; with tho largest cnr»o ever I shipped from tho colony— 4500 tons-inc!mlin« i tho following item a 331S b.les t-f wool, 27 bala i of cotton, 1733 casks tallow, 40U0 casks meats ! 1118 bags copra, 100 bags e.itton seed, 42li ha»3 animal charcoal, 2120 bags chromo ore, Gl-10 ba°a wheat, 400 cakes copper, 100 bales loathcr, 75 bales ([ino pieces, 13 casks arrowroot, 7 casks mint sweopincs, 4 bales hair, 210 bans antimony ore 10 hawsors, 23 sails, 19 drums, -» cu-k.--, 252 tiai paraffin wax, 13/ tons sludc, and tivo packets sundries. Tho Govcrnmonts of this colony and Victorii aro to givo a grand banquet at Albnry on tlio con. noction of tho two lines of railway, A man was finod £5 in Melbourne for assaulting a momber of the Salvation Army at his own house. Tho ' Australasian' has sont a reporter to Amorica to report upon agriculture in thut ccun try for tho bonofit of farmers in Australia. ! Two cats, tied together by their tails, tvere put I into a Church noar Geelong, ono night notions I ngo. Passers by, on hearing tho pussy row in tlio I Church, thought tho choir wero practising, SI Rather hard on tho choir. 