DILUTED HOME RULE IN IRELAND. Mr. Redmond since his first appearance on the Australian stage has largely diluted the original spirit of his addresses. The dilution has been gradual. The water has been added in larger and larger quan tities until the flavour has now almost vanished, and there is not left a propor tion of alcohol sufficient to intoxicate a suckling patriot. Sweet are the uses of adversity. The pompous and passionate appeals for Irish national self-government have dwindled down in the Opera House of Sydney to a meek demand for such a local nominis umbra in Dublin, as may be compared to a vestry meeting or a muni cipal council, to be called indeed a parlia ment, but to be overshadowed by the superior power of the Imperial Parlia ment controlling it ; allowing it to play at ruling, to prance and curvet like a well- mastered horse whose mouth is still held with bit and bridle. This was scarcely what Mr. Parnell, Mr. Davitt, Mr. W. Redmond and the rest have been bawling about, posing as patriots for ; and this is but a poor substitute for the grand idea expressed by the words so often spoken, " No power on earth is competent to make laws for Ireland but the King, Lords, and Commons of Ireland." The fact is Mr. Redmond, and it is to be hoped Mr. Parnell likewise sees that the game is up, and seeks to hide defeat by speaking of lesser matters with milder breath. It is an old artifice. When O'Connell's great agitation was proving ineffectual for a repeal of the union, we began to be treated to some suggestions of a "federal union," very like that now hinted by Mr. Redmond. On which an outspoken Re pealer exclaimed, " fiddheral — fidle-dee- dee. Fiddheral is no more to repeal than, as you may say, weak punch is to strong whisky." The idea broached by Mr. Redmond now is simply that one patented by Mr. Justin McCarthy. The Imperial Parlia ment, being overwhelmed with imperial work, is unable fully to attend to smaller mattera, whether in England, Ireland, or Scotland, which might better regulate local . affairs, and so relieve the supreme legislature. Something of this nature has received Mr. Gladstone's tacit approval. His son, Mr. Herbert Glodstone, has ex pressed himself openly in its favour. It is generally felt as a necessity that some thing must be done to relieve the House of Commons of work which it cannot overtake—which impedes it in its duty towards . higher work. The premier has enunciated his ideas under the title of "county government." Mr. Redmond has more than once alluded to this as a proof that Mr. Gladstone was after all of his opinion, and this recent lecture, on self- government sets forth Home Rule in such a puny form that one can mis take it for the proposition of Mr. Glad stone. In this case we have no doubt Mr. Redmond will see his aspirations ful filled. If the premier can accomplish county government for mere local busi ness he will. Both in Great Britain and in Ireland, county affairs as well ' as city affairs in municipalities will liave to be transacted by locally elected men ; and a system of decentralization adopted. And this is the thing for which all the big words about " the. sword "—". hereditary bondsmen " - — " alien parliaments "—the " hoof of a foreign despot"— and all the cruel and murderous agitation, have been howled and perpetrated ; and this is the ' end for which Ae- purses of the deluded Paddies and Biddies have been'' emptied" ' of their hard-earned wages. For shame, Mr. Redmond ! Do you not know well that this kind of hothe rule, both for Eng land and Ireland was sure of being carried, out, dhd that your agitation and einbar-! rassment of Government were the only- obstacles to its consummation ? You only want, you say/ 'that your' country shall be treated like- an English- county- endowed ' with a few shire Vestries ;f6r attending ;to roads/ bridges, "gaols, and hospitals : the Imperial Parliameut as it is now, supreme and controlling jail; 1 Did Biddy's , wages: go for this ? , " I; bad rather be a dog. and . bay the moon than such. a home ruler.". . .; But as more than this it is impossible that: Great , Britain ;and'( most intelligent Irishman can ever concede ; it is well that v Mr. Redmond is content to cease , crying for the moon; and he would truly serve his country if he turned his gift of eloquence to that wiser purpose of convincing his fellow-countrymen and persuading them to peace, industry, and order; without which they must always suffer and Ireland, be impoverished. The President of the Mel bourne Jewish Synagogue.-— Notwithstanding the special Jewish laws against usury it always has been and still re mains the besetting sin of the Jewish com munity, extraordinary oases of the plucking of pigeons by Jewish hawks have recently been in the Mel bourne law courts, and we have mention- - ed .the outrageous interest charged by Hebrew money lenders and demanded with the deter-: tnination.and vindictiveness ;of , a Shy lock. . Mr. Marks Herman, the President of the Great, Synagogue at Melbourne, is one of these hawks, and his extraordinary transactions have happily received a 'shewing op' in an insolvency case in which he claimed as a cre ditor. The Jewish Herald thus speaks its opinion of the usurer, Mr. Herman We we in hopes of that gentleman's good taste dictating to him the course which, under the circumstances, he should have taken. These hopes however, have not been verified, and it is now our painful duty to submit, that a man who charges something like 1200 per cent, inte rest per annum on money lent may be neither better nor worse than a good many others, whether Jew or Gentile ; but that such a one is most decidedly not the man who, in our opinion, should be the president of a Jewish synagogue. That Mr. Herman Jias done this is clear from his own evidence in the witness box »_Mr. Herman should at once be igno- miniously ousted from his high position in the synagogue. If such sins be condoned Gentiles will become very careful of dealing with the chosen people, and the profits of the Jews who are essentially a mercantile people will suffer ; that is not giving a very exalted reason, but it is a practical one that will ap peal strongly to such as Mr. Herman. To others the law is clear, let them act upon it. If a few more such cases were discovered, we should have an undesirable repetition in: Australia of the Russian Anti-Jewish riots. An angry people would put a poll-tax on Jews ns well as Chinamen. Dr. Pusey's Gliost Story .—From, the Rock we clip the following :—" ! was," says. the rev. Doctor (Busey), V passing down a somewhat crowded street in Oxford when I was surprised to perceive; at my elbow a man whom I believed too, ill at the time to leave his ; bed. / He said ' Dr. Pusey, 1 have been burning in hell the last hour for that lie I told you.' " The ;lie, it was understood by his hearers, had been told ; : in the Confessional. " I turned roinid," the Doctor went on to say, <|.tp,a8k,an)explanation,.but-the people pressed upon me, and I jlost sight of the figure of- the man who. accostod me. , In great surprise I hastened; , to ; his, residence, and learnt at the door that .he, had; been dead about: an, hour /". Such a ghost Btory as this eclipses anything told by the spiritualists.. St: Paul describes the character of a certain order ; of teachers " who were to arise "in the -last days, " " the perilous times" on which ,we have long since entered. They were to have "a form of god liness, but denying its power.; thoy.werc to creep into houses, and dead captive silly! women ; and they shall turn away the ears of the people from the truth, and shall be turned, into fables." The picture seems to have been! drawn for some of the, leading teachers of.tho present generation, to one of whom it is. pro posed, by professedly sensible lay and cleri cal members of , the. English. Church, to erect a substantial 'and significant testimonial.;.;: 0, ' tempora l meres \ Perilous v times, .indeed, when such Teachers fare, thus ( held in Higli'j re- putei!an'd that, to6,''by some 'of ..our :grave and reverend fathers, in God ! What' next ? '''Saintly dirt'.-— In the Christian Weekly the following is said to ,'be! taken from , the Freeman:— "With a singular malignant perversity, Romish theologians caricature the teachings of our Lord in many ways, not the least in regard to poverty. Their instructions tends' to unthriftiness." They have raised to the honour of Bainthood lazy vagrants. A dirty loafing beggar covered with vermin has been regarded as being more holy than the industrious peasant who " lived a clean active life doing his duty. The glorification of laziness, filth, and ponuriousness in the recent beatification of Benoit Labre, for example, cannot but have' its influence. And is not a want of dislike of laziness, dirt, and beggnry one of the chief curses' of Ireland? NiTcountry can prosper in which an ridmira- ti oh of wan t of thri f t atbu n d s. In this the Romish Church .has been one. of the chief fountains of her ills." j:ii , A Violet Ribbon Army.— The latest proposal for promotion : of .temperance is one which aims at the establishment- of a Violet Ribbon Army-an organisation specially designed to put a. stop to the practice of taking " nips'.' by persons engaged in com mercial pursuits. The members are to pledge themselves never to take any kind of intoxi cating liquor in, public houses or dining- . rooms.." Electing Idiots as a Political Protest.— The Council of Malta, which consists of eight nominees of the .Govern ment and eight elected by, the natives,, has recently been dissolved by the Governor, two members in succession having been returned by local election who were in receipt of parochial relief, and mentally disqualified besides. The Maltese arc said to have adopted this somewhat singular mode of re cording their desire to have a civil rather tlian a military Governor, as at present. ' The Pope declares for tlie strongest side. — Is it because the Pope has found that the British Law lias its foot firmly on the neck of the diabolical con spiracy among his faithful people in Ireland that lie has come out so strongly, though so late in censuring Dr. Croke ? ordering Romish Bishops to abstain from ' intermeddlihg in politics (a gentle way of putting it), and pro hibiting his priestB from promoting the 'testi monial to Mr. Parnell?.', or has Mr. Gladstone bought, him over on :the''sly, through Mr. Errin'gton whose recent-visits to the Vatican lie denied weio, official ? This' declaration of His Holiness is a . nasty jar" for Mr. Redmond. Howevor it be the Pope has delayed too long. , If he could do any good bo should have .long ago declared for law: and order and not waited until Law was everywhere victorious; and had re-established Order. Now a crowd of 10,000 persons papists and sym- patlnscis with the cold blooded : murderer could assemble, ilie aol/ateSj take off their hats out of respect to the assassin ahd go away without creating a disturbance. No thanks to ' his holiness' for that. But the Romish Church had trained those 10,000 who sympathised with the man who hacked Lord Cavendish to pieces with a knife because he endeavoured to protect Mr. Biirlce with an umbrella and for that she is responsible. The blood of murdered and murderers is upon lier bead. Irish Assassins and the Land League Funds.-Mr. R. T. Lattey, in a communication to the Times , encloses a copy of a letter written in the month of May last by a caretaker of his in Ireland, describing an attempt just made to assassinate him, and how he had shot one of the would-be assassins, who . was in consequence taken red-handed in his crime. Mr. Lattey adds : — " In the month of December last this would be assassin was convicted for the offence and sentenced for life. I am credibly informed that from the date of imprisonment to the date of conviction the prisoner received £1 per week from the Land League funds ; the cost of the defence came from the same source. I know this to be of many similiar cases proving the use made of Land League funds." Yet people give the Redmonds money. All Insult — St. James's Chronicle states that a writer in the Tablet mentions, that a Dublin Society entitled the "Reformed Romanist Priest's Society" has sent an earnest religious address to every Roman Catholic priest in Ireland. He considers the sending of .such a letter an insult, and, then, in a triily persecuting spirit adds : — "There are yet, and. please God ever wil he, in Ireland brave Catholic henrts and stout Catholic arms which would ..have beaten quicker and tingled to tb e palms from will to punishthom who dared toinsult, their loved pastors." Now, as theTablet is largely read in Ireland, this looks very much like inciting the mob to use physicnl. violence against- the; officials ; of the Reformed Romanist Priest's Protection Society." !TIie Petition of the Jesuits.— The Goncral of the Jesuits, Peter Beckx, has petitioned the Pope in favour of the canonisa tion of the so-called ." English Martyrs" ; "the more so" he writes,, " as amongstthese invincible martyrs figure not a few of our Society, whoso, memory is still in. benedic tion." Some of.the Jesuit : " Martyrs" thus referred to by the General, of the Jesuits, had they lived, in our time, would probably have been;: in high office among the "Irish In- vineiblps." Burial .rites refused at Tain- Worth.— A resident of Tarn worth writes to us under date the 9tli inst., that "in Tam- worth, last week, Patrick Duffy formerly of the police force, at Tamworth was found dead J in hi8,bed.,.i . A , jury found that he dierl from natural , causes; , When tnkon to the burial ground .and, pinned -, beside the grave the priest ordered the coffin to be lowered into the grave and .then, walked away. . The; friends, of the deceased wished to know, why he was not going to read the funeral service, and allithe answer they;.got was cover him up ' ; Tliere . are various rumours; afloat about the reason why the priest refused ; one is ho had not attended chapel and confession lately ; another,, that lie had been ; of intemperate habits ; tlio-1 nat I hoard was that a Piotestant Bible was found in his box which of course would he an tinpnrdonnble sin ; so poor Pat was buried like a dog although respected by all who knew him." Oxford no longer liigli.— Archdeacon Denison presided on December 6, at Taunton ah a meeting in favour of the Pnsey .memorial, and a fund was started in connection with the London fund. , He said, in; the course of a long speech, that the motto of ,, tho , Oxford University was " Dominus illuminatio mea, ;" but this could be said of Oxford no longer, nor was iGod. the light-of the English Universities. ; Oxford had dragged down the motto and trampled it under her feet. This movement, he , added, would develop into: something that would produce a barrier against the wave of scepticism, in- differehtism, and. infidelity, which was sweep- ing over the land. . When he was in Christ Church ho was voted a Fellow of Oriel — fifty four years ago. At that timosixteen clergymen and two laymen held the fellowships,; but no\v, there was not a single fellowship held by a clergyman. Mr. D. J. Wllltwam.— This ac complished musjeian and choirmaster has recently returned from England and resumed his old place as organist and choirmaster of St. Matthias's Church, Paddington. The ex cellent choir, of which he maybe said to have, been the. founder' has been, greatly revived under, his very skilful training. There is no choir. by which the chanting of the psalms is so, .intelligently, and devotionally sung, and there is none superior to it in the other, musi cal portion of.tho, service. ; A great -portion of this, effect is no doubt duo to the unusually, good quality of the material of which; his voluntary choir is composed ; but good mate rial is only utilised by the good artist, and Mr. Whitwam is the true artist. We may now, .expect; that lie will settle permanently in Sydney. . .. . , Tlie Geography of tlie Nuns. — Nuns uro brought out hereto teach thoR. C. children, and it was thought a great grievance that they should have been examined like any, other teachers as to their, qualifications. To bo a nun, should be a sufficient qualification. But. Sister. Mary Augustina and Sister Mary, Gonzague are hero just now appealing for, funds for their charities in Canada and in their numerous advertisements they assure us that, Canada ; is separated from New South Wales by the vast Atlanticl Does this extra ordinary error arise from the fact that; .the programme, was drawn up in England and serves for all the work, and that there is not knowledge enough to adapt it to this part of the world. The Lecture in the Opera House. — Scarcely any one wbb on the platform at Mr. Redmond's lecture on Home Rule. Most of those mentioned in the Herald report were really in the body of the Hall, and even there the hoi polloi constituted the whole. There were two or three Papal members of the Assembly of no mark. The representatives of the Irish race were conspicuous by their absence. They seemed to say with Horace about the danger ous bull — " Habet fwnum in cornu, longe fugit." The Jubilee. — The Congregational- ists are celebrating the jubilee of the intro duction of their denomination into Australia,, which is directed by Congregational Union of N. S. W. Saturday is to be the children's flower-service day whose ceremonies are to be ordered by the Sunday School Union, and tlioy are also to have their children addressed on Sunday. Conferences, communions, break fasts, missions, and brotherly greetings and deliberations fill up the rest of the time, and we hope the ministers and delegates will re turn to their homes like giants refreshed with out wine. The Three Magistrates at Orange. — Since our laBt the correspon dence between the Premier and Messrs. Dal- ton, Casey, and Burke has been published. Why it was delayed is Mr. Stuart's secret. All three very lamely tried to show that what they meant by " foreign senate," as applied to, the High Court of Parliament, in their ad dress, to Mr. Redmond was quite innocent and worthy of magistrates. They were however dismissed. Even Redmond himself after wards found fault with the expression. Mr. Redmond's Chairman.— If anybody whose eye alights upon this' will send us the name and religion and if possible trade or profession of any gentleman that presided atany one of Mr. Redmond's meetings, we will be much obliged. - Wo are-anxious to get a list of those chairman, . because Mr. Red mond says that most of them were Protestants and we don't believe it. We thank those gentle7 men that have already sent nsin names. As yet we have not heard of eveu one Protestant, though there, possibly have been some, but tho beginning of our list seems to bear us out in our suspicion, that in, this matter as. in greater matters the agitator is too fond of fiction. Picture of the lateRev. John McGibboil, LL.D.— A' handsome oil painting; by Mr. Gladstone Eyre, of tlie great Protestant-champion, is on view in tlie win dow of Mr. John Sands, George-street. The picture was painted to the order , of tho Orange Institution of New South. Wales :ahd is to be hung up in the Protestant Hall, Cas- tlernngh-street. The picture is a very faith ful likeness. , \- Redmond in Goulburu. — A telegram, to the, Evening News\B,ayB that. Mr. J. E; Redmond arrived -at Goulburn on; Wed nesday. His. reception .and- the subsequent proceedings were extremely tame. , The meet ing was not crowded. A large number , of Irishmen came into town from the surround ing districts. A curiousrcircumstnnceiin con nection with the affair was the fact that the corpse of a. member of the Goulburn Orange Lodge was brought up for., interment by the same train which conveyed Mr; Redmond to Goulburn, and was mot by a body of Orange men at the station. 