SYDNEY TOPICS. ii (or A COnOesrONDENT.) Having recently returned from Sydney or after -a sojourn there of ncarly two years, h I have been much struck with the calm that' has come over matters political in al that colony of lato. Iot a move has been sw made on the political chessboard worth al chronicling on a par with the stirring b events of twelve months or so ago. I refer to the Milburn Creek scandal, and n the mock trial of the principal actors that b resulted from it; the cashiering of Mr. Baker from the House, and the North al Shore revelations as to the land sale to 0: members and their friends, and the ox- ie citenont and surprise mcused by the ex- tr posuro then made, that put even the w tricks of the heathen Chines in the u shade. But, one has only to lift the A politicalcurtain to see that there are new actors on the stage, the moving spirit of nc the past being dead, or well nigh dead, c, at least jfor a time, though he has the happy knack of appearing ghost-like from oa behind the scene when leabt expected, to H stir the political caldron once again. I d, refer to that adroit and able staten-. man Sir Henry ,.Parkes. You cc will remember the shuffle of the N cards that took place over the Milburn tl Crook bsilness, when the butter was 0t likely to come out of the stirabout, by that case being brought before the House, re and how 'very euddenly the health of this re wily politician failed, which necessitated ol by medical advice an immediate trip to of England to restore the balance of power, £ and how Isis twin brother of Victorian t< cabbage garden notoriety, Sir John, took , up the political pack to deal his hand, and right well lIe did it, for they managed to b divide the honours between them while E Sir fIenry, for the good of his health and I country combined, adroitly slipped off a home with the trump cisred of the winning it suit sip his sloeve tb pay his on'oxpensoo: t, Clever Sir Henry, there is no doubt about his ability,- for his he not worked ] his way up from the lowest rundle of the f, ladder to the highest pinnacle of e power by' sheer dint of perseverance; o and having played his part well, and t the dream of hi life at last accom plished, it was meet that lee should go home to show the rising generation I what may be done by a clever man in. the colonies, and to tell his experiences. But like many clever nen he has a weak inas for " blow"-a common 'complaint with colonial politicane, whose creed t seems to be eeumnced up in that one word. a And so it camp to piss, that before leaving for-England he, at a dinner given in his honour, gave no uncertain sound on that head in a speech that he made referring to the history of the past, and the parc he had taken in it; and again in 'foreshadowing the future on his return, how lee intended to snake Sydney a praise upon earth, and at last wound sep a grandiloquent speech in praise of himself, by stating how proud lee was of the 'eposition lee -had gained, and that 'he would not change places even with the first INapoleon (see speeolh in Sydney llHemld): Bravo, Sir Henry, stick to your - creed I And so he did, for on arrival In the old country, his speechos on all oc casione were one continuous "blow." Even if he-had only to address a charity ochool hin text was sure to be,. "Look at ieee, and see what I have done 'and be come, and any one of you may attain the same excellence." But the climax of his' self laudation aned "blow" was reached when, at Willits's Rooms, at a dinner given in his honour, presided over by the Duke of Edinburgh, he had the audacity to tell the company that England could not teach the colonies anything, when Lord Kimberley, amidst the chuckle of old colonists then present, quietly snubbed hiin for his check, onao of whoen has since given a history of tIe speech, and the impression it made, and how he murdered the King'a English ; as also on n subsequent occasion in speaking to her Majesty, when I sup poee he had outstripped one of Ilia flights of imagination, she quietly and 'satirically observed "Indeed l Sir Henry" with a strong asperation which collapsed the Premier, and brought out those criticising lines the outcome of Lord Kimberley's. quiet but telling little snub, and which he is said to have composed. They run thus :- ' t IVilUaa'a foomea. Sir Henry Parkes, who Napoleon would vie, Te ]l ftoes blowing htiu trumpet at elieeor sky leigh,-' In frming the wide world in a'very great -speeuche, That nething her colonies old England could Steach. 1let cheory old Kieshorlo, en quiet and olow, i Saei, "Parkhin, my friene e'erkeremeeemeber, donehie't blewee, If you only consider you'rq eet one of the vcrowd, , And t'weoeld look eeech more modost, if you'd 0 not telkee loed. SYee're a very luse fellow, of that thior's no is eoeebt, fBet teour dictions defoctive, and' therefore den t speouti- ' '-~. C ; \- Don't murder king's English, and so furiously sa rave, If you are P Prime Minister be modest and grave. It will it on your shoulders with much better grace; Keer your blow' my dear follow till back in your place.'~ Parke felt the robuff, aidnover replied Like a cubthatisoulfe'd or a follow thot's liod, Whiee oil the old coloisots oheckled and said, " That's oone foyou, Parkes, you can hang dowon your leoad ; For check you're proverbial, of that we all know, ;i ,. Likowiso tleatynur learoiog en very so, so. But woahnl gn5vo yoee credet'foe mere comnmon snose s, Ansed tat for good manners. you'd at least jeail lien hence.: .. !,.; Soawhose youseo asked with hie Grace hern to dino, Itas nots as e outlierass du should But simply as Parkes-Mr. Psrken, you must know And not for the pleasure of hearing you heblowe l"' But how the mighty are fallen subse quent events will show, for qlhortly after this obelition ofpatriotin fooling; on the part of the noble statesman, he returned to theibosone of his ,old constituenpy in Sydney, only to be ignominiously and ungenerously rejected; and by the change of Milsnistry that followed, he lost the high and coveted position of Premieri and has lately returned to England, not with the flourish of trumpetsn as before, but quietly and unostentationsly, and perhaps a wiser, if a sadder man. By this time he ought to. know what it in to tresat ,to, a generous publin for past services in matters political,, but still on his return I should not be at all surprised to 'seeo'another shuffle oi the cards,"asd another division of the honours.o. For come to the front again Sir Henry will in due time, when it is to be hoped he will have learnt the wisdoss of moderating the amount and quality of his " blow" in the future.s. Woetbury, Sept 25.' 