AN AUSTRALIAN ELECTION. We have here a seriep of humorous sketches, depicting a few of the incidents that prevail during a general election, and the artist has delineated them well. When walls and hoardings bristle with appeals to vote for Smith, Brown, or Jones, space frv flia V»t11 J 1 _ > , w mo id ujl Burnt; luuuicuo, ami logeaious are rne devices to obtain it. The gentleman in the sketch has no scruples about finding room for his bills by posting them over those of a candidate on the opposite side, and no doubt chuckles at his ingenuity. An uncontested seat is a privilege that has just been accorded to a dozen members of the new Parliament, and the subject of our sketch views the position "frith great complacency. Not so his next neighbor, who is treating a beery-looking elector, and explaining that his friendship for him is of a type that can never die out. The popular and unpopular candidates view matters from widely different aspects, but it is creditable to the electors that, up to the present, the contests have all been conducted with de corum, and ',< scenes" have been very few. t Able «like both in the council and the field, this great rebel leader has been a thorn in the side of the anti-Maori party since he was sixteen years' old. Elec tro-biologists certify that the whole human family have a certain amount of affinity, or repulsion towards each other, as the case may be. In my case, I confess I felt drawn with friendly feelings to this young chief feelings which in the course of events, I found weremutual. Hecould speak English fluently, and, without the least reserve, proffered to give me all the information in his power with reference to his people. After saluting us, the King enquired if we had brought him any tobacco, and receiving a reply in the gative, became sulky, and handed us over to the Prime Minister without further ceremony. Marupij otherwise Ben Cable, the First Minister of State at the Court of Potatau II, wasarunawiy sailor from one of the war ships previously stationed on the coast, and had made his way into the Waikato country, married a Maori woman, and had settled down on the land he had received with her, and so became a naturalized Maori, and a Kingite. ' The Premier had a jolly- looking face, tanned to the color of mahogany, iron-grey whiskers, which met under his skin like a coil of rope, a good-humored face on the whole, crowning a muscular, thick-set frame, wrapped in jacket and trousers of micka flax. He was seated on a rum cask, with a newspaper which he had been reading to his royal master. Ben Cable greeted my companion warmly, yet with a certain sly and pretended gravity only assumed for the nonce. To me he bowed stiffly, spoke a moment with Potatau, and then invited us to his house by the river bank.. Clear of the King's whare, it was wonderful to note what a sudden change came came over the face and the manner of the hon. Marupe. He stopped short in his walk, and striking poor Pat an unmerciful whack on the head, burst into a hearty guffaw, in which he was quickly joined by the dwarf. The conduct of the Pre mier and Pat puzzled me rather, but I soon became aware that this was not the first meeting between Cable and my companion. By their conversa tion it appeared that Maori Pat had been henchman to Potatau some time previously, and had given offence to that monarch by drinking his rum, and, moreover, had added insult to injury by defeating him at a running-high- jump, and proposing a game of fisticuffs, as a bon bon afterwards The dwarf had been disgraced and sent away 'from Court, as many a courtier has' been before him, and condemned to eternal banishmant, and so the matter might have stood but for the Kings obsti nacy in deciding to take a trip to Auckland, where — he being fond of good liquor, and in the absence of his guards — fell among thieves, but was fortunately rescued by the disgraced henchman, McBlathigan, who took up the tipsy monarch on his back, and carried him to a public-house at hand, where King and subject held high carousal for several days, until the royal coffers were drained to the uttermost farthing. The residence of the chief officer of State was situated on a rising knoll over looking the stream, and sheltered by a belt of kauri pine. The building was a one-storied cottage, containing five large rooms, with windows, doors, fireplaces, and a wide verandah front and rear. The edifice was far superior to any building in the Maori city, and Ben Cable had evidently had his eye to com fort and convenience in its erection. The ground in front ot the house had been fenced in, and planted with fruit-trees, flowers, and vegetables, which gave the place the appearance of an English home ; but the idea went no further than the threshold of the dwelling. Withiu there appeared a strange, odd mixture of the savage and the civilized elements at war with each other ; there were chairs, but no one sat on them, because it seemed much more comfortable to squat on the floor. Tables were put to other uses than those I have been accustomed' to see them. Bedding, which, according to one's notions of health, should be aired and kept clean, was here taken possession of by sundry curs, whose sole use seemed to lay in their sagacity for sniffing a joint, or finding out the cosiest place whereon to repose their ugly bodies. Even the bedding served a double duty, inasmuch as the blankets did duty for overcoats to the Prime Minister's guests, who rolled themselves up under his verandah to smoke and talk. Mrs. Cable — not a bad-looking Maori, by the way — was in her des habille, of course, not expecting strangers, and at the moment we entered was doing battle with a sow and a litter of young pigs, who had attempted to eat the din ner. The lady expressed her pleasure at seeing us, and bustled about after her fashion to make us comfortable, which she partly succeeded in doing, spite of her dirty hands and. dirtier dress, for I may mention that the majority of the Maori women, as well as the men, have a strong aversion to soap and water. It struck me that our friend Ben Cable was doing his utmost to populate the metropolis witn a new race of beings, not Pakehas, nor yet wholly Maoris. I counted no less than ten half-bloods, the progeny 'of my host and hostess, from the wee toddler, running about without a stitch of clothing on him, to the tall, handsome girl of eighteen, who affected the manners of a grand lady. I was well aware that alliance, more or less, of a ma trimonial character, between white men and Maori women were not uncommon at one time in New Zealand. Long before regular colonization was begun, whal ing and sealing partic- frequented the coast, and run away seamen, escaped convicts, traders, and adventurers of all kinds from the other colonies had settled in vari ous parts of the country. Most of these men, whether they existed as mere loafers ia the community, or en- gaged intrude with the natives, made themselves at home amongst them, and, in the absence of their own country women, mated with the Maori girls. Hence the number of half-castes to be met with in the town, and elsewhere. Ben Cabless family were handsome children, one and all. The complexion of the girls vary from the olive or dark brunette of the gipsy face, to the fresh red and white of the English, while the boys were stout-limbed young rogues, as dirty and as active as monkeys. Myra, the eldest daughter, was decidedly attractive in personal charms. The magnificence of her glossy raven hair was due to her Maori blood, but the thin aquiline nose and the shapely figure were the gifts of another race. Mentally, Miss Cable was very defective. The Premier, her father, having been debarred from the ad vantages of education, decided that Myra at least should have the benefit of a course of study at Madame Gerrad's Seminary at Auckland, but at the end jof the month was sent home again in disgrace, having quarrelled with her companions, and elided by committing a serious assault upon the sacred person of Madame Gerard her self, for which pugilistic feat Ben Cable had to. pay a fine of £20. I had not been in the place two hours before the young Amazon challenged me to a trial at rifle practice, our target being a large Kauri pine-tree in the rear of the house, and on which some native genius had drawn a rough outline of an Imperial soldier, head downwards. It is needless to state that I accepted the challenge, and was ignonimously defeated by my fair opponent, who laughed at my chagrin, and tempted me to race her on the river in canoes. This was only jumping out of the frying-pan iuto the fire, but my gallantry forbade me de clining the contest. The Prime Minister's household turned out en masse to witness the race, which would have terminated in my certain discomfiture, but for an accident caused through my ignorance in the art of paddling. ' The canoes used were very narrow ones, and only sufficiently large to hold one person. The start was very even, and I managed very well for some short time to hold my own ; but in my eagerness to outstrip my opponent I ran foul of her, or her canoe rather, and up set it. The girl went down like a crowbar, while her skiff whirled away with the tide down the stream. There was a strong current of over five miles an hour running at this point of -the Waikato, and, when half- blood came to the surface, she was some considerable distance to leeward of the place where I was watching f>r her appearance. The first glance £ caught of her frightened face and great staring black eyes convinced me that the art of swimming had not been acquired among her other accomplishments. Throwing myself out of my canoe, a few vigorous strokes brought me to her side, and entwining my hand in her long hair, I soon brought her to terra firma. Shaking herself like a poodle, the half-caste turned upon me with flashing eyes, and said, savagely, " Only wait until I take off my wet clothes, and I'll thrash you within an inch of your life for upsetting my canoe." Chapter III. — Maori Vengeance. The Chief Minister of the Maori King I found to be a capital fellow. He quartered me at his house during my sojourn at Te Raupa, and arranged a series of games and sports in my honor.- I felt grateful for his hospitality, inasmuch as the Minister's domicile was far superior to .the whares of the Maoris, which latter, by-the-way, are great in the way of certain domestic animals, vulgarly termed fleas. The characteristics of the Maori are manifold, but for cool, deliberate cruelty and stubborn hatred, no one in this world can surpass them. Writers and travellers who have visited the country are unanimous in the opinion that these traits are among the most prominent in the character of this peculiar race ; indeed, according to my experience, there is no stronger feeling in the bosom of the New Ze.a- lander than retaliation. Let a Maori fancy himself wronged, and his predominant idea is revenge. To him it is a secondary consideration whether revenge is taken on the head of the real culprit or otherwise, but retalia tion there must be. Sometimes an act of kindness on the part of the offender will avert punishment in his case, but only to be executed on some innocent person. At this stage I cannot better illustrate, this promi nent feature of the race than by jotting here the details of a tragedy which is a matter of history, and which was witnessed by Cable in his earlier connection with the Waikato Tribe. The Right Honorable Benjamin Cable said : — " Ten miles south of the hapu of Te Apora, on the Patea River, lived one Roger Gordon, a settler, withhis wife and five children. He was a steady, sober, and careful man, who, by his industry, had saved money and purchased land for farming purposes on the pleasant banks of the Petea. When the war broke out at W anganui, Gordon, at the solicitation of the com mander of the local forces, supplied the men with fresh rations from his farm. After the capture of the Pah, Te Apora hearing that the settler had rendered assis tance to his enemies, and still smarting under a crush ing defeat, resolved to slay Gordon and his lamily. For this purpose he assembled forty of his warriors,' armed with rifle and tomahawk one moonlight night and embarked them in two war canoes. The rebel' chieftain took me with him— why I conld never thoroughly comprehend, unless it was that he desired me to witness how he could take vengeance on the Pakeha, or perchance because he thought I might lie useful to him in the commission of his bloody act. The warriors paddled steadily and silently down the river, arriving opposite the little settlement of Roger Gor don a little before midnight. The house stood some distance from the bank of the river, and the settler and his family had retired to rest. Te Apora leaped ashore, and making fast the canoes, ordered his men to follow him to a large shed or barn, in the rear of the building. Here the Maoris made a fire, and squatting themselves down in a circle round it, held consultation as to the most silent and speedy mode of putting the sKepingand unconscious inmates of the dwelling-house to death, and of sacking the farm afterwards. Young Goulon, a boy of twelve years of age, first heard a noise in the barn. Silently rising and putting on his clothes he got out of his bedroom window and crept stealthily up to the shed. To return and awaken his father and mother, and briefly tell them what he had seen did not take the little fellow many minutes to accomplish. The poor settler was almost paralysed with dread and anxiety on account of his little ones. But Mrs. Gordon, with a presence of mind and courage worthy of a Spartan dame, com manded him to throw open the front door and accompany her into the storeroom. Here were stowed away among other things a bale of colored blankets, which had been received from Wellington in anticipation of the harvest, it being a usual custom for farmers to supply the men in their employ with these commodities. Assisted by her husband, Mrs. Gordon trundled the bale into the barn amidst the assembled warriors, who sat as stolid and immovable as images of stone. With trembling fingers the courageous lady ripped open the bale, and without speaking a. word laid a blanket at the feet of each of the Maoris round the fire. When she had com pleted the circle there remained three blankets. These she placed before the Chief. Still the savages remained as mute and as silent as if they had been asleep, never even moving their eyes in the direction of what was going forward, yet watching everything that was done, even to the most minute particular. The settler's wife, after distributing the blankets, left the building, but returned immediately with a plate containing fine salt. She approached Te Apora, who was sitting at the head of the circle, and held the salt before him. The Maori turned his dark bloodshot eyes upon the bowed form of the woman, then on the salt, and finally they wandered to the settler, who by this time was surrounded by the children. For the space of some minutes there was a deep silence, which seemed lengthened out in my ex pectant imaginat ion to a lifetime. Then the Chief rose to his feet, and accepting the salt from the hands of Mrs. Gordon, took a pinch and ate it. He handed the plate to his cotnp mions, who in turn followed his ex ample, and gathering up the blankets at their feet the whole band left the place as quietly as they had come, and proceeded to their canoes." With the quiet and harmless termination of the affair at the settlement I had hoped that our expedition was over, and that we should return to the papu. I was mistaken, The tribute of the blankets had doubtless saved Gordon and his family, but I had yet to learn that some other less fortunate Pakeha must be sacrificed. For several miles the rebels paddled swiftly down the stream, the Chief occasionally speaking in a low guttural tone, the warriors answering him in hoarse monosyllables. Rounding a bend in the river we came suddenly upon a solitary dwelling situated on a. cliff overlooking the water. The Maoris ceased paddling, and suffered the ainoesto glide within the shadow of a clump of trees, at a point that jutted out under the lee of the high embankment. A range of steps cut out of the rock led to the grounds above, on which stood the house. Silently, yet swiftly the rebels crept up the em bankment, like so many evil spirits in the darkness. The place seemed as silent as a wilderness, save that at intervals there came upon the ear the solemn cry of the wild toho or the kini shrieking for its mate. The rebels, who appeared to be well acquainted with the premises, got over the fence into the garden in front of the house. Under the trees they held a short c- nsulta- tion in whispers, after which the rebel chief divided his men into two parties, directing one to watch the river and the rear of the house at the same time while the others attempted to force open the front door. There was ample light lor me to observe that it was a large two-storied house, built of stone, with outhouses and stables attached, a well laid-out orchard of trees, and all the surroundings of some wealthy farmer. Te Apora and his men tried to force open the massive door, but it resisted all their efforts. Baffled in their attempt to gain an entrance by this means, one of the rebels handed his rifle to a companion, and essayed to scale the wall by means of a tough creeper, so as to gain an en trance by one of the windows. The cunning savage with consummate skill, and in perfect silence, reached the upper story, and had his hand upom the ledge of the window, when unexpectedly there was a flash, followed instantly by a loud report, and the Maori fell headlong from his perch a corpse. The whole affair was so sud den that the rebels were taken completely by surprise. The hody of the daring Maori had scarcely touched the ground before the window from where he fell was thrown open, and an elderly man appeared in his nightdress with a revolver jn his hand. " What do ye want, ye pack of robbers ?" exclaimed he, fiercely looking out on the savages below. " Open door," said Te Apora, in his low guttural tone. " Open the door, you scoundrel ; what for ? This house and this land are mine, bought and paid for, every stone and every rood of it. Open the door indeed ; try it, that's all, and I. swear I'll put a bullet-hole through some of ye, as sure as my name's Tom Camden. t' There was a manly, resolute ring in the tone of old Camden's voice which sent a thrill of pleasure through my frame. " Will Pakeha open door ?" again demanded the Chief, hoarsely. " Here is my answer, you soon of Beelzebub,'' and again the revolver belched forth its deadly messenger, the bullet striking a rebel near the Chief, and killing him on the spot. In a moment a dozen rifles were levelled at the win dow, then a volley followed, which shattered the glass and the framework into a thousand fragments. But old Camden was not hurt. Amid the. battering at the door by the infuriated rebels his voice could be heard calling to some other person within the place. Vain was his summons, and utterly useless bis determined defence, for what could two men do against forty ? It was a forlorn hope. Yct> with that dogged bulldog courage inherent in the Anglo-Saxon race, the old man seemed resolved to fight it out to the death. With a loud crash the massive door at length gave way, and the savages, yelling with rage, and triumph, rushed into the house. There was a broad staircase leading from the hall to the uyper portion of the dwell ing. At the head of the stair stood Camden, like a lion at bay, a revolver in each hand. Te Apora had one hand on the stair rail, but drew back at the resolute at titude oi the farmer. " Once more I ask what do you want here ?" said he, placing his back to the wall. " The Chief replied — 11 The Pakeha robs the Maori of his land, and murders him at leisure. Why should not the Maori follow the example of the. pakeha, and rob who he can ?" " I have never wronged one of ye in my life," answered the old man. "Tut, the Pakehas are one race," responded Te Apora, briefly. " My warriors desire the blood of the Pakeha, in exchange lor the lives of two whom he has slain. Let him throw aside his guns, and submit to the will of Te Apora." " I decline to have further parley with you ; you and your tribe are a lazy, plundering horde, whom neither murder nor robbery can satisfy. Your will means des truction and ruin here, but you shall fight for it." " The Pakeha is but one, we are many ; let him think " said the Chief, quietly. " No, I know your bloody purpose," cried the old man, vehemently. " Were there twice your number I would not yield without an effort for my life. Stand back." A tall savage, less patientthan his companions, sprang like a panther up the stair ; but a shot from Camden's revolver hit him full in the throat, and lie rolled back ward dead. This was but the beginning of the end. Like a pack of hounds the Maoris bounded forward and overpowered their victim and disarmed him. vVith blows and imprecations they dragged him down stairs. In l is desperation he clung tenaciously to the rails, and in spite of all the efforts of his murderers they could not unloose his hands, when some savage more cruel than the rest drew his maripi (knife), and severed the unfortunate farmer's fingers from his hands. They bound up the maimed limb in mockery and led Camden into the dining-room. The long dining-tablc was reared on end, and the ruffiaus bound their victim to it with a stout cord. " Will the Pakha ask Te Apora for his life," ques tioned the Chief, with a sneer. " No ; Te Apora is a murderer, and therefore he loves murder. Yet, let the Chief remember this scene when the bayonets of the Pakehas are at the throats of his race, and fires consume their hapus. Complete your work, the Pakeha does not fear you." The old man spoke no more. He. was hoisted bodily upward with the table and placed against the wall, while his murderers, retreating to the fuither end of the room, commenced a diabolical game of ball practice at their human target. Chapter IV. I have no vnpity. The rubs aud joltings of this lovely world has pretty well eased me of any particles of self-sufficiency I may have 'imbibed with my mother's milk. Prom the first hour of my entre t-v the domicile of Ben Cable I saw that his handsome, amiable daughter had set her line to angle for me. As a rulee half- bloods of New Zealand are quiet and retiring inv dispo sition, but to my astonishment J. found Myra Cable quite the opposite in this respect. Since the unfortu nate Contretemps on the river, wherein I had played the the part of a farcical hero, the lady had taken me under her especial charge. During my sojourn in many lands I had learnt a few modes of making love, hut for straightforward, vigorous, and original billing, the Prime Minister's daughter was the chef-dceuvre. Here is .an illustration. One evening we (Myra and I) had wandered away by the river arm-in-arm. It was a beautiful moonlight nighl, almost as clear as day. Suddenly the girl stopped, and taking me by both my arms, fixed her large black eyes upon my face. " Frank, do you love me ?" she said, briefly, but in a rather cold and hard tone of voice. The question was so sudden and unexpected that I could not reply at the moment. " Because," she continued, w.thout waiting for my answer, " I love you — love, you more than I can tell you." " Why, Myra, this is not leap year ?" cried I, recover ing myself. " I care not what year it is," she answered, in the same measured tone, and with a strange light in her look. " It has seemed ypars to me since you came here. Answer my question." " F — n-allv — I like you very much, Myra, but——." " Like ! Nay, that is no reply," she crfod, with vehemenence. " I am determined that you shall love me or " " Or what. ivl iss Cable ?" " I will kill you" she n turned slowly, and without moving a muscle of her face. I burst out laughing at her Here was courting with a vengeance.. My love or my life. That was it. " Oil, you may laugh," she said, after a pause. " I have heard my father say that his countrymen are most cruel where they seem most mirthful. 80 it is with you. Do you think I have not courage to kill you ?" I felt inclined to roar out afresh at her question, hut, looking down at her, I saw that she was in terrible earnest. "Myra, you are half a Pakeha," I answered, in a grave way, so that she might not mistake my words. " These people about you here, are ignorant, but you have been to school, and know many things that they can never know. If the Chief Remi wants a wife he selects whom he pleases from his tribe, and if the lady demurs, he will use force. Among the Pakehas it is different. Love does not come to us at our bidding, neither will it depart from us with a word." " Love, has come to me like a thief," she murmured, in a low tone. " I am sorry," I answered, soothingly. " By-and-by perchance, Myra may see some, handsome, fellow mere worthy and more suitable for a husband than I am. Re member, I am almost a stranger to you, and a guest beneath your father's roof." " You are like, a beautiful devil that has come and taken the light out of my life," she cried, stamping her foot on the. ground in a fierce mood. " Before you came here I was happy. Now, I do not care that, if you throw me headforemost into the river." "Pooh, girl; you are beside yourself, over what, after all, may be only a passing fancy." " Fancy ?" she echoed, her great eyes ablaze ; " you shall see," and without another word she left me to make my way back again to the settlement aloi e. I was fairly puzzled what to do under the circum stances. The girl was handsome enough for a young Gipsy Queen. She was tolerably educated, and one of the best female monies (especially of the human voice) that I had heard in my life. This I had good cause to remember later on. Fortunately for me, at this critical juncture, an adventure betel me which, for a time, relieved me of my fair persecutor. It was at the close of a long and stubborn day's pig-hunting, in com pany with Rewi and others, that I chanced to outstrip my companions in chase of a huge boar. I was so pre occupied with the excitement of the sport that I did not notice that I was alone, and that the dusk of evening was gathering round me. When I did discover the fact I began to make a sound like the cry of the pelw — a signal to my companions ; hut to my surprise and chagrin there was no response. A? ain and again I made the ravines ring with the call, but with no better success. I was tired with the hunt, and very hungry, having tasted nothing in the way of eatables since morn ing ; but I felt that my best plan would be to push on, and try and find the party returning home before dark ness set in. At that time I had no idea that a search would be made for me by the young chief and his men, but so it transpired afterwards. Had I remained sta tionery in one place, no doubt they would have found me ; but I had an idea that I could find the settlement of the King very well by myself — like the presumptuous puppy that I am. Darkness came on apace, and I ascended the side of a deep ravine. Scrambling to the top, I sat down and fo.lt for my comforter, in the shape of a short, black cutty, which, by the way, had consumed some score pounds weight of tobacco. But I discovered that I had not the ghost of a match wherewith to light it. " The deuce fall foul of that ugly boar," I muttered between my teeth. " No food, and my pipe useless for the want of a lucifer. Nil desperandum. I'll push 011 ; better to keep moving. I'm on the right track." It happened I wasn't though. Striding haphazard over the loose stones and boulders, I made headway up one ridge and down another, until the perspiration began to stand on me in huge drops. At the termination of a couple of hours I found myself entering a tall forest of Kauri pines, which I did not remcrnbcr to have noticed in our route during the hunt. It was quite dark now, but theie was sufficient light for me to trace my steps ; yet the further 1 went, the more dense be came th- scrub, until I was fain to sit down and rest. I began to despair of finding my way now in the gloom of night. My face and hands were torn with the sharp thorns and prickles of the stunted cawrie and ti-tree, and by the same process my clothing had become well ven tilated to the keev night wind. I felt I would have ex changed a £5-notc for just one single wax match at that moment. Porclian it was as well I had none with me. Matters that seem \o our short-sighted reason a mis fortune, often turn out, in the long run to our advantage. I had been seated in the shelter of one of the grand Kauri pines for about an hour, when I became aware of a low, strange noise in my vicinity. At first it sounded like the wind amongst the brushwood ; but anon, as 1 intently listened, I distinguished the voices of men talking loudly. My first impulse was to give forth the cry of the pelw, under the impression that my friends were near ; but foreign travel had taught me caution. I therefore crawled upon my hands and knees in the direction of the sounds, and presently came upon a scene that made nie feel anything but comfortable. Within a small clearing, ringed in by a thick belt of trees, I saw a large fire. Around it in a circle were squatted about fifty Maoris, talking and gesticulating in a fierce manner, peculiar to the Maori when roused to anger. They were all armed, and one fellow of Herculean proportions, who seemed to hold authority over the remainder, was standing in the centre of the ring leaning on his rifle. This savage was almost nude, and had his body painted in a grotesque fashion, with white paint and red ochre ; his head being adorned by a crimson shawl. 1 had only been six weeks in the hapu of the King- ites ; but under the tuition of Myra 1 had gathered a smattering of the Maori language sufficiently to enable me to comprehend the purport of what these savages were saying. The gist of it was briefly this : — Ralf Hey wood, asea captain, owned a large house and a fine estate somewhere in the vicinity. Ben Cable had men tioned this gentleman's name to me as residing some 32 miles further up the river on a grant of fine pasture land purchased from the King, under whose protection he lived. The place occupied by the returned mariner was called ' Fern Cliff,' and was considered the station par excellence on the Waikato River. Here, then, I dis covered that these men before me were part of a robber tribe of Maoris known as Te Liuri, the banditti of New Zealand, who are now, and ever have been, a scourge and a plague to both peaceful Maori and Pakeha. The purport of' their visit was briefly to plunder Captain Heywood's house at Fern Cliff. Crouched here listening to them I was enabled to gather and put together their whole plan of attack. The visit of these wretches to the station meant more than plunder — it meant murder — old, cruel murder; for I bad heard them spoken of even by their own race with a shudder of horror. I would have given all I possessed in the world to have warned Rewi of the presence of these marauders. But how was it to be done ? Even bad I known the way to the Settlement, how was I to bring succour in time ? The attack was to be made on Fern Cliff on the fol lowing morning, and in the meantime three scouts were ordered by Tutara, the leader of the party, to proceed, to the station at once and reconnoitre, with orders to re turn before dawn, and report progress. As 1 heard this order given, an idea suddenly flashed across me. I determined to dog the heels of the scouts, discover Fern- cliff, and warn the inmates of their danger. Before I had time to clearly fix this decision in my mind the three savages leapt out of the circle and began their journey. Luckily they passed within five paces of my concealment without discovering me. Rising gently from my posture, I followed cautiously in their footsteps. My eyes had grow accustomed to the night, and I could discern them very well. I felt no fear, so far as my own personal safety was concerned. I was armed with a double-barreled rifle, also a revolver, both of which I had taken the precaution to load ere I started on my way back to the hapu. For a long time I hovered at the rear of the scouts, who moved at a rat tling pace. Once or twice I imagined they had dis covered me, but soon found they had paused to be certain of the route. Chapter Y. It was very fatiguing, and a great draw upon my staying powers to keep pace with the Maori scouts. Their pace was neither slow nor gentle, but a rasping, swinging gait, peculiar to these people, ancl by which the slowest of them can manage to get over five or six English miles an hour for days together, when on the war track and foraging expeditions. It was at a moment when I began to entertain serious doubts as to my ability to keep the Maoris in view, when I was re lieved by a sudden halt 011 their part. The spot was a high cliff or ridge, overlooking a ravine which had been thickly wooded on either side, but ithe axe of the settler had thinned the giant Kauris, leaving a noble park-like valley, at the upper end of which there loomed out the gables of a large house. There were lights twinkling at the windows, and the sounds of voices could be heard. The moon had risen an hour previously, and by its light I could discern several out-houses, stables, sheds, and a host of other indications which bespoke the well-to-do settler. The picture was beautiful in its calm repose and stillness, viewed beneath the glow of the moon. However soon the black storm of human passion might lower and burst over the peaceful scene, the stars sparkled, and the moon shone in undisturbed tranquility. The scouts did not leave me much time for cogitation. Taking a circuitous route, but in a more cautious way than hitherto, they approached the house by the garden, the latter having a high fence on one side, with a broad creek on the oilier. Here, within rifle shot of the dwell ing of Captain Hey wood, the Maories sat down by the banks' of the stream to rest ere proceeding to reconnoitre the place. - It was useless my dogging the scouts ai XS- knew that these warriors would have t 