SALE TURF CLUB WINTER MEETING. (BY OUR OWN REPORTER) SALE, Thursday. President, Hon. W. Pearson, M.L.C.; vice president, Mr, W. li. Power ; treasurer, Mr. M L. Patterson J stewards, Messrs. Pearson, Power, Carroll, Campbell, and Smith ; judge and handicapper, Mr. O. Vowles ; starter, Mr. W. E. Power: secretary, Mr. A. A. McMillan. The first venture of a winter meeting at Sale has scarcely met with the success that the promoters anticipated in the all-important matter of racing. The entries were fairly encouraging, it is true, but the acceptances unfortunately were out of all proportion, and attenuated (fields consequently could only be expected for the jumping events, the only ray of hope vouchsafed last night on arrival of the Melbourne train being the news that a dozen horses were on the spot for the Hat race. The metropolitan division went up in good strength by the last ordinary train on Wednesday, some hitch having occurred in the arrangement for a special on the morning of the races. A general holiday was proclaimed in Sale, but the country people did not roll up strongly, and so the attendance was far short of expecta- tions? in fact, the stand was only half-filled during the afternoon. The course was in capital condition, despite the fact of the long spell of dry weather in the Gipps Land district, and a spring sun was all in favour of those who were present for a simple afternoon's outdoor enjoyment. Before the commencement of business, the members of the Melbourne ring entered a mild protest against their being charged a sovereign, us they pleaded the payment of £2 on the occasion of the last meeting was expected to clear them for the year. However, there was nothing to do but grumble and pay, in order to ply the avocation. Customers were few and far between, indeed, the book makers were out of all proportion. Four horses were coloured for the Hurdle Race, and the whole went to the post, with Millers the favourite, though Rattler was not without supporters. The race was a very uninteresting affair, Devilshoof's only chance being at the turn for home, where he got on terms with Miller ¡ but, as usual, took it into his head to go as he liked, and the favourite accordingly landed with no trouble. A protest was lodged against the winner for jostling Devilshoof after leaving the straight The stewards carefully considered the matter, with the result that they declined to interfere with the judge's verdict. As before stated, there was the respectable held of 12 for the Winter Handicap, the absentee of the original " baker's dozen " being Quality, who had been inadvertently entered as a three-year-old. Wagering, there it was little or none ; Iron Hand and Allander carrying most money, whilst Transferred was only backed by his owner to win £00. The last-named, however, was the only one it in so soon as the run for home was begun, and he won very easily from Allander, who got the best of Mameluke, after the latter had shown the way to the turn. Alliinder won a race over the same distance and with the same weight of the last Sale meeting. On the whole it was a good race, included in it being some fair class horses, whilst the time Was excellent, Friendless : won the Selling Race in a corner, and was subsequently bought by Mr. Foulsham for £31, which gave the club a clear bonus of 20 guineas. For the Steeplechase the whole of tho half dozen acceptors sported silk, and Coomolo was made favourite. The affair, however, was characterised by a succession of mishaps to everything behind Moon light and Mr. Power's old gelding, the former of whom looked the winner all over till he fell at the last jump, thus leaving Coometc to trot in alone, or, more correctly speaking, hobble in, as the poor brute smashed his near eastern at the third last obstacle, and yet struggled on gamely to the end. It is rarely one sees a climax of this kind, even in a steeplechase, for one up to live of the starters were rendered hors de combat, and the actual winner came in on three legs. Ashton. the rider of Speculator, was picked up with a dislocated thigh. The last event on the card ended in a walkover for Byron, neither Prince or And Right opposing him. This brought a very an interesting meetings we except the Hat race to a close at half-past four. HANDICAP HURDLE RACE". Of 2 sovs. each., with 70 sovs. added. About two miles. Mr. M. Griran's c g Miller, by Planet, 0 yrs, 6st. 7lb. (Mcdonald) 1 Messrs. J. and 11. James's b g Devilshoof, 4 yrs, 11st. 10lb. (Elkin's 2 Hon. W. Pearson's o f Tattlor, 4 yrs, 9st. 8lb, (Ashton).¡1 , Mr. G. Ellis's b m Miss Laura, aged, 9st. (William son) 0 settings to 4 agst Miller, 7 to 4 agst Tattler, and 5 to 2 agst Devilshoof. The favourite jumped off with the lead at the first attempt, and took his horses along at a slow pace. Tattlor refused at the first hurdle, but was soon set going. Miller entered the straight, attended by Miss Laura, with Devilshoof close up. The trio took close order in a few strides, and lumped the next and the stand hurdles abreast, Rattler going on at a wide interval. Down the side Miss Laura fell, but was re mounted, and the favourite and Devilshoof run together, Rattler lying next. out of it. Nochangooo purred along the back, but making the home turn Miller and a couple of lengths' lead, when Kilduff roused up Devilshoof. However, the brute swerved right across the course at the turn, and though brought round, he could never reach the favour to, who won by four lengths. Rattler was a bad third. Time. 4in. Oils. A protest was entered against the winner on account of Jostling Devilshoof, but the stewards, after duly considering the matter, ' dismissed the objection. WINTER HANDICAP, Of It Sovs, each, with 100 sovs. added. One mile. Mr. 15. Week's b o Tmiisforrod, by Maribyrnong Lady Elizabeth, 3 yrs, 6st. 8lb. (King).. .. 1 Mr. H. G. Glimsford's o o Allander, 3 yrs, 9st. 2lb. (Londonelly) 2 Mr. H. Connolly's b h Matnoluko, aged, 7st 7lb. (Gains Mr. T, Jones's tor of The Ghost, 6 yrs, 10st. 2lb. (Hatty) 0 . Hon. W. Pearson's b f Taper, 4 yrs, 8st Mil. (Cupitt) 0 Mr. J. King's g g Phantom, 6 yrs; 8st. 4lb. (Ruby) 0 Hon. W. Pearson's b g Iron Hand, -4 yrs, 8st. 2lb. ; (lowered Mr. T. P. O'Brien's br h Westbury, 6 yrs, 8st. (Burton's Mr. J. lil ürades bro- Tantnllser, 4 yrs, 7st, 61. (Croker) 0 Mr. 0. Fleming's c g Forlorn, 3 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (Sandow).. ... 0 Mr. G. Ellis's b of Norfolk, 4 yrs, (Jat. 121. (Wil ; Hamson Mr. A. F. Bradshaw's o of Yellow Hammer, 2 yrs, 9 st. 7lb. (Farrell).... 0 llettliig.?1 to 1 each agst Allander- and Iron Hand, The reach agst The Ghost, Transferred, and West ' bury. ""cure delay occurred before the Hag toll, and there were several breaks away, At length the lot were despatched In straggling order, Norfolk getting by far the worst of it. Transferred wins the first to make play; but, being steadied, Mameluke went to the front, and led Transferred, The Ghost, Allender, and Forlorn a clear two lengths, Iron Hand being close up. ; Mameluke continued to hold his own up to the home turn, where King came with Transferred on the inside, and Allawlor, in the centre of the course, also being lot out, Mameluke was successively passed by the pair, Transferred ultimately winning with the utmost case by three lengths, whilst a good length separated Allander from Mnmcluke, close up to whom was Westbury and Forlorn, Norfolk long last the whole of the way. Time, 1m. -11s, SELLING HURDLE RACE, Of 10s. each, with 40 sovs. added. About . . mile and a half. Mr. J. carried 6st. 8lb. Pettingell to 1 on Friendless. The favourite led past the stand, with Orphan of his heels, and kept it up to the back of the course, where he increased the gap. At the last jump in the straight Orphan got on terms with Mr. Power's gold ing, who, hoWever, shook him off, and won in a suit by a length and a half. Time, am. 7. The winner was sold to Mr. Foulsham for £31. WATTIiB STEEPLECHASE. Of 3 Sovs, each, with 100 sovs. added. About two miles and a half. Mr. W. E. Power's g g Coonieto, by Patchwork, aged. 11st. 4lb. (Scobie) . Mr. J. M. Grace's br g Moonlight, 0 yrs, 6st. 7lb., carried 6st. 10lb. (Mill) . Mr. C. Fleming's b g Shamrock, aged, list, 5lb. (Cree) Mr Shrimpton's br g Goldtop, D yrs, 6st. 10lb. (Kiiiiuny. to Hon. W. Pearson's br g Speculator, 0 yrs, 6st. 7lb. (Ashton's Mr. E. J. Crooke's his or br g Skyscraper, aged, 9st. 7lb. (M'heod). 0 Betting 2 to 1 agst Coomutu, 3 to 1 agst Goldtop. I to 1 merit Shamrock and Speculator, and 7 to 1 agst Moonlight. Goldtop got best away, and ran round at the first jump, Moonlight then taking up the running. Sky scraper was the next to get settled, first of all banking, and then falling at the second attempt. Moonlight showed the way down the bank with a long lead between him self and shamrock, Come to lying next, and Speculator at his heels. Moonlight entered the straight a score lengths in, front of Shamrock, next to whom was the favourite and Speculator, the latter hitting Speculator disused of, Ash-on, by, ,xVer being sul,sc,|uei,tly picked up with his thigh E' Cooniete was now the only one left In trust i Moonlight, and was making up his lost (heavily when he struck the oat hours but two. III S come! down, but Sooblo cleverly recovered the old Ireland and he follows! Moonlight at a long as to the last leap where the latter came, to grief. Oopinoto Sion came away in a canter But broke into a trot, and eventually pulled se"5 the post, with his near fore foot broken, the gilK old fellow having thus gamely struggled on a Kit cripple for over half a mile. No time was seen. SELLING STAKES, I Of 1 sov. each, with 80 sovs. added. Six furlongs ' Mr. E A. Johnson-Doe's br g Byron. bl- Mrs. works? La Favorita, 6yrs, 7st. 3lb. ? wo; 