SNE LTj 01 MID OFF THE STARE: Br B. H. BUE TON. Pulisthed by arragr.ent roith Harper, and Brothers, -ewT Yor: k. CHAPTER XX. EOBEeR. HEEDIS Jnyonng maidens, like 1eosa nitnd, sleep as the children do, sweetly and soundly, and rise radiant as the summer morning. More thoughtful maidens, however young they be, occasionally spend the long lonely hours of the night con sidering. yell eagerly sought the longed-for solitude of her little chamber in the evening of thai long day, the trorning of which had been Phcebe Miller's last. Ko word had been spoken by Jaec in the awful presence of the dead ; and Kell had hnrried from it the moment she reahsEd that her aid was no longer aeonired. On the stairs she met Sally, to whom she whispered the news. The ballet girl's merry face length -ened considerably, bni she neither changed colour nor wept. ' Don't yoa take on so, Miss Trevor,' she said quietly. ' Yo're not a bit used to these sort of things, I can see, and they upset yon. I're had a deal of trouble in my time, though no one would think it to see and hear me; and I've had to do with sickness, and death too. So I'm both able and wil ling to look after all that's wanted here now for the poor soul. Jack Clifford will help for the money part, of course, and the rest I can do. So you make haste and get away home, Miss Trevor, for I declare you look like a ghost yourself. So Kell went her way, and through outthe long afternoon and evening she resolutely put the thought of that ter rible deathbed aside; but at night every word, every loclk, every move ment of poor Ophelia's recurred to her with cruel distinctness. '.She made me swear it;' that was the ever.recur ring thought in her mind, and how was she to put her heart into the acting of her new part at the theatre to-mor row while this remembrance was haui2ting and tormentingher ? A new part, Roberta Ashworth; a cart Fanny Dale had never done justice to, because she was thinking of other things, and had not taken the trouble to concentrate her ideas on the subject in hand. That was the reason of Fanny's failure. Now that so un expected, so promising a chance of promotion had come to her-- ell- should she also allow it to escape with out profiting by it? She was pacing her narrow little chamber as that thought occurred to her, and so occurring, startled and roused her. What would father think of her if she lost the golden opportu nity so suddenly -given her, and for which even he had appeared both grateful and glad ? She had learned the lines of Ro berta's part the very night on which Mr. Blenkinsop had first whispered that mysterious hint about promotion in her ear ; and she had continued to watch Fanny Dale with unflagging attention since. But she never said a word about the precious intimation the manager had given her, either in or out of the theatre. The wisdom of John Hael s constant teaching about the silence which is discretion, and the error of troubling other people with business not im mediately concerning them had suf ficiently impressed Nell to render her very cautions in all her commnnica tions; and she accepted Mrs. Powell's message as given in confidence. Thus it ieally was intended. Nell had been quite long enough in the theatre by this time to find out that all was not coulkur de rose there, as had been her childish impression. The narrow horizon of the Sphere was but a boundary line of a miniature world, in which wealth and poverty, lazy vice and honest industry, jostle one another much as they do in the great world beyond. Modest reserve was voted pride or " tickupishness;" concentrraed attention to duty and work was sneered at as priggish ; absti nence was unsociable; necessary econ omy, miserly; and success, however well deserved, brought enemies in its train. These things Nell had already learned by personal experience; but? they bad in nowise disheartened her. \ She longed more than ever to arrive at that stage in the theatrical careeri when an actress's position secures her i immunity from the companionship of1 those lesser stars with whom a modest girl would never willingly associate. With 'the ladies' who required per petual stimulants-threepennyworth .of whiskey or brandy or gin-to keep them 'up 'o the mark,' and whose language was as fery as their bever age, 'Nell Tievor could not possibly have any sympathy; but for those who went about their duties steadily, soberly, with a good heart and will, she had the tenderest feelings of pro fes.ional kinship. Many a neat gar. ii--nt, cewn ,Ay her swif clever neeile \--many a cup of beef-tea, cooked on the little gas-tdove in Alpha-street was brought surreptitiously to the theatre, and handed to the good girl who worked hard for the weekly sti pend which helped to keep the family ygoir-g ' at home; the family in this cuee c ti,?:ing of five or six children, a bedridden mother, and a dunken fathtr, who was far worse than none. Theae were the circumstances with which experience must sooner or later acquaint all who are intimately con u.ected with theatrical life; and 1Nell, in her quie: observant way, strove to profihby all -iaa saw and heard. Her goal b-as ever before her, and Jaek alone had hitherto interfered ambitiin. J3 It ev.-n his honeyed worke had not obliterated the fact that promotion might come to her; and. though she did not talk about this welcome possibility, sheduly strove to prepare herself for it. She studied and rehearsed the words and movemenis of Roberta's part with much care and elaboration whenever she had an op. portunity. This constant practice soon Iauilisrised her with the charac t"r in which she already felt quite at home off the stage; the difficulty would be to act is naturally before an cnlience. ' They will expect me to be quite perfect at rehearsal to-morrow, of course,' she thought, flushing hotly as she realsed the coming ordeal. ' Mr. Blenkinsop gave me such very early notice of my chance that he has a right to find me prepared now; and! the least I can do is to prove that I have deserved his good opinion and that of kind Mrs. Powell too. I wied go through all the scenes very care fully again to-night, and I -will think of nothing, of nothing but my work : then things are sure to go right. I have fathr's word for that." But even at the remembrance of her father, who was away at Silverbeach, flashed through her mind, she felt Stempted to let her fancy roam to the sumptuous apartments, the terraced gardens, the shell lined paths, where Jack and ' No,' she cried, suddenly springing from her bed, on the side of which she had been sitting, ' I will not think about anything but my part.' And Vith this ;urpose in view, she hastily dragged the chest of drawers away from the wall, took the crabbed looking glass down from its nail, set it up against the water-jug, and placed the iong.wicled candle in front of it. These preparations for her final re hearsal completed, she commenced to recite her lines itt audible tones, and studied the varying expression of her face with as earnest a srutiny, and as concentrated a desire to do justice to her little part, as ever animated any actress who loves her workand desires to excel in it. The bare iwalls o01 me litula aiuc, tii inrid gleam of the tallow candle, that terrifying deathbed scene, the inex plicable conduct of Jack, all her past troubles, all her present surroundings. were soon entirely forgotten, as indeed was the existence of kaNell Trevor. This smiling maiden, with dancing eyes and brightly flushed cheess, whose soft dark hair was hanging in curling masses over her shoulders, whosoe lips were uttering pretty. and meloaious words-this was Roberta Ashworch, the rustic ingenue of the play, the country- bred sister of Miss Ashworth, the heiress (Miss Dalgleiah), and the thorn in the flesh of pompus Mrs. D'Almayne (Mrs. Blenkinsop), who played the part of adventurous widow and tyrannical anun most efilcientiy. Fanny Dale had made restic simpli city into a giggling hoyden. Kell believed that this part might be played with tenderness and sprightly humor. In her opinion girlish high spirits reed not necessarily degenerate into loud laughter and rough gestures; nor did it seem likely that the pompus aunt would submit to the intentional im p?rtinence of a brazen sbrill-voiced hoyden; though it was not improbable that the innocent home-thrests of a simple maiden, who -aid stinging words without comprehending their deeper meaning, would have to be en dured by her senior. (To be C'ontinued 