CRICKET CHATTER. [BY SQUARE LEO.] [Secretaries of Cricket Clubs who desire the publication of Saturday's matches in this newspaper are requested to forward same not later than eleven o'clock every Monday morning to ensure insertion in Tuesday's edition. Notices of matches to come should not be sent later than ten o'clock every Thursday morning for Friday's issue.] PORTS V. PIONEERS. This association match, played on the Alberton Oval on the 17th, was a thoroughly enjoyable one. The weather was splendid splendid, the pitch played well, the teams were in good fettle, and each side played cricket—not selfishness. The Ports were the first to bat, and began steadily to Kelly and Skinner's bowline. The first few wickets did not cost many runs, the fielding of the Pioneers being excellent. Blair was the first to make a stand, scorine 18 excellently, Urlwin also batted splendidly, making 24 by thorough cricket, Sadler and Stopps also got into double figures, the total <if the innings being 99. Kelly and Skinner each bowled well, the former getting 7 for 32,'and the latter 4 for 40. The Pioneers introduced a new man in the person of George Williams, a colt from the Albert Centrals. He bowled exeellfenHy, though lie should try a little variation of pitch now and then. His average was 2 for 20. The fielding was good, excepting that the wicketkeeper missed a couple of fairly easy chances. The pioneers started batting with Watson and Raven who began well, Mattinson and Urlwin each bowling well, Urlwin began grandly, bowling 3 successive maidens for a wicket, the fourth over giving 1 run. He then changed himself, rather unwisely perhaps. Altogether seven bowlers were tried, 4 getting 1 wicket each. Urlwin had by far the best average, getting for 23. The feature of the day however, was Kelly's beautiful hatting, he made 30 without giving a ghost of a chance. Williams batted as well as lie bowled, and was caught off a grand hit by Francis for 11. Jarvis showed good form too, after his first two or three runs, and totalled 11. Excitement ran high as the Pioneer score neared the Ports' total. Time also was getting nearly up and the batsmen were getting fewer and fewer. To- wards the close the excitement was getting tremendous. The last two or three Pioneers hurried in as quickly as possible so as to lose no time. The hurry, however, had its disadvantages for the batsmen. The score was raised to 96 when the last man went in. Four runs to get and only three minutes to get them in. Two of the runs were got and in trying a third the tenth man was run out, leaving the Ports winners by one run. The Ports fielded well and deserved their victory. No fewer than four men were run out, 2 on each side, the last men out each being run out. As usual, Watson's longstopping was grand. The most exciting match for years. Saturday the 24th being one of the days set apart for Association Matches, a match has been arranged between the married and single members of the Association picked from the various clubs. The teams are as follows :—Married—J. Sidoli, A. Dewar, A. Wain (Port Centrals), A. Francis, E. Mattinson (Ports), A. Brock, A. McWilliams, R. Turpenny, J. Litchfield (Woodville), G. Skinner, E. Jamieson, J. Lane, J. M. Watson (Pioneers). Single—R. Roy, E. Raven, A. C. Mitchell (Port Centrals), F A. Howell, E. Urlwin (Port), F. A. Fletcher, W. Bigg (Woodvilles), A. J. Bleechmore, Millard (Semaphore Wanderers), J. Mophett, A. Mattinson, G. Burge (Queen snd Alberts). 