PORTING NOTES. , .there hag been very little sporting I (luring paat week, but nevertheless there j as. ;oine speculation anent the forth coming ,)V an(j Melbourne Cup. Warwick, ) -yclu^> vjjY Color are still the favorites, aud almost \j00k js UOw tilled with these horses, ta.|n tiol,ijles witli otliers. 5 to 1 is i laid string,ut a])0tlt Warwick and Archie, ' 11 n \ about Off Color for j the Derby. pUv>licatio\\\ of the weights is : anxiously l\\(j forwal.j to by many, who preier waiting tjien to put on their money. Hundreds t 0 stm Ojj-Ol.e,j about Messrs. V°°Pel; a"n "side's nominations for the Water oo Uip .^100 to I) lias V? I?.. .Messrs. McCulloch and G. Hills uommatid j io-day the \n.ja A\mateur Turf Club Races take place (jallif5eit] anJ the horses engaged havebeeLra0(.jn^ the attention of sporting and bettdj^ fgr svme ,}ayg j,asfc. lhe Ladies ibracelet valued | at; iluO, brings out fieU of rl5 hol.SCS) Wclcome .Tuck being j.]l0 top with heaviest . weight, flat. 1211). ; 10f aueh a Urge field, backers find it a dilhttask to pick one, and consequently very 1, inig;ni2s3 ia doing. Hundred to seven on t;o](j llas been' offered. Amongst those few badTnc^nhinn Ver dure, Transferred, Pork The Ghost, Marma luke, and Cassiopea. Tiac(. w;u |)U an open one, and an outsider may,e a chance 0f taking the lead past the post. Tout Cella" tips Tichborne or Josephine, \^.t tllu Amlmlasian tipster fancies King Char an(i the Leader Chuckster. The next prii,ai event is the Open Steeplechase, and Vai,r the winner of the Beudigo Steeplechase, isJ. faucy of about half-a-dozen metropolitan pritipsters. There are three other events on ther0<rramme, and of the three the Victoria Golc,Up ;s the most important. In this Abdallah the fvovite. Should the weather be fine, thais every likeli hood of the Amateur Club haw a jleasant day's sport. ° There appears to lie a difficult kuttten the Sale and Geclong Jockey Club tin former club having arranged their meetin fo|tlie '2nd of August and Geelong for the -Itl otUigust. Both clubs complain, and propety '■o, that they will have small fields owing to io?s being unable to travel from Sale to Geeloi'on the day which intervenes. At present fc'e is a deadlock, neither side beiug williuga alter their dates. The Tasmanian Racing Club are einvoriug to have thu totalisator legalised by sir Par liament. It is reported that the Cterbury Jockey Club last year paid away ,070 in shares,and received £2,S3S from the fclisator. This instrument should be iutroduo" by the Bendigo Jockey Club. 'flic wrestling match between rofessor Miller and Edward Blackburn (of Ewhawk), which was to have taken place to-C, is off, owing to a hitch in the arratigemenjf terms. Miller wished to wrestle in the "mil style, whilst Blackburn prefers the Cumberid style. Referring to Professor Miller's hand,inch was severely hurt in the late glove ejest, the Sportsman states that Dr. Fitzgeralianced it on Saturday. It is lucky for Miller tt Black burn did not cover the iilOl) deposit; Friday, as Dr. Fitzgerald's opinion was that,hi Miller wrestled to-day, ho would in all probiity have lost part of his hand. William Farman haa challenged'rofessor Miller to a glove contest, under the lrquis of Queensberry's rules. Rinnan spaol with Christie at the Professor's benefit givdecently in Melbourne. As yet nothing delinittas been decided upon. Another six days' walking match as been arranged between William Edwards,he Aus tralian champion, and Daniel O'Lry, the American champion. This will be a third and final match between these two pestriaiis. The stakes are £'250 aside, and the inch will commence on the 0th July, in the liubition building in Melbourne, if it can be tained, Either man not covering -loO miles sin forfeit iiis share of the last two days' gatenoncy. Already £100 deposit has been put up After this match Edwards will leave for Amjca. On Monday last, Frank Robertson ;4 John Applett, met at Bourke, in a race i £100 aside, 100 yards, and the former won bj. yard. Time—lu.Jrsees. : The line pedestrian, George Sowardyho is alleged to have done 100 yards in y.fse^ died at Burkenhead, England, on the 10th oApril, in his Glith year. Seward was one of ie beat runners in England, aud his record is gen as 100 yards in 9.}seC3. (but somethinainder lOsecs. by the time-keeper's watch"), liyards in 1 Usees.; 200 yards in liHsecs. ; .ml a quarter of a mile in 'IDsecs. L. 15. Mya ran 000 yards in lmin. 15 3-f>th sees, in Jierica in April last, but his best tit is said to be lmin. 11 2-5th sees., the bfc on record. Ho is known as the Americaiillyer, aud has challenged to run the English chapiou, George, three matches at 1,000 ;ards, ! ,'200 yards, and three quarters of a milo The final arrangements have not yet been comyited. Professor Miller's supporters are stij dis satisfied over the stake money and bets, ai one writer in this week's Sportsman accuses "(iller I of having thrown over his backers. George Fordham, the celebrated E^lish i jockey mount, should always he backed fo the ' One Thousand Guinea Stakes, for his w'l on Hauteur was the sixth consecutive win of:,hat race. Some riding extraordinary is given bjthe London Sportsman, as will be seen fromthe following :—From the 26th of March totheilth of May, inclusive George Fordliam and C. Vbod had won 32 races each, whilst Fred. Areheriad ridden 31 races. At one time during the w.ek ending 11th May, the three crack riders ru< a dead heat, with 2S wins each. i TIPS FOii TO-DAY'S RACES. The following are the fancies of the diilermt tipsters for to-day's Caulfield meeting :— Ski.li.vg Rack. Fkdehai. Australian*.— Halifax, Nymph, Boatman. Australasian.—Nymph, Boatman. Li-iAUKii.—Nymph. Hubdles. Fkdkhal Australian.—Miller, Black Prince, Triplet or Stormbird. Australasian".—Musidora or Stormbird. Lkadkii.—Buzza, Bendigo or Triplet. Sportsman*.— Stormbird or Musidora. Victoria Goli> Cup. Federal.—Abdallah, Baronet, Yerlo. Australasian*.—Don Silva, Black Jacket. Leader.—Magic, Abdallah, Black Jacket. Sportsman*.—Abdallah or Acteon. Open* Steeplechase. Federal.—Vaulter, li!ack Jacket, Magi, or Alhambra. Australasian*.—Vaulter, Euchre, Alhrnbra. Leader.— Vaulter, Alhambra, or Black Jacket. Sportsman*.—Vaulter or Magic. Ladies' Trophy. Australasian*.—King Charles, Her lajesty, or Queen Elizabeth. Leader.—Chuckster, Bar One, or Sfj•.ireeti. Sportsman*.—Tichborne or Josephiu. 