FICNICING IN STRANGE PLACEB. (Concluded.) Breakfast over, amidst n fair amount of dawllng and pleasant talk. We formed n party, and, With a guide, explored the dry,(?) cave( which consisted of many largo vnnlts, soma opening out of each other, somo oonncetcd Dy .narrow rugged dark passages — once or twico a crevice obovo lot us boo a gleam of daylight. In almost , ovoiy placo no either had to cross our friend tho stream, or heard its' rnBhing waters in .'soma un seen direction. ;. This took' us about' an hour, when we . nc.ro advised to retire to 'our tents and .pat on tho various old things we had brought with us in preparation tor our exaureion to the caves, par excellence, and indeed a quccr-lboking party, is was, that somo hnlf-nn-liour later started,- oandlcs in hand, on what we wero warned would -be a, wet expedition. Every dovico of old hat, borrowed . boots, dresses , composed often of portions of two or threo, was. tho rulo with- the ladies, whilst the dilapidated condition of tho_ gentlemen provoked , much laughter, and witticisms at oooh other's oxpenso! were rapidly interchanged. On thon for.somo 80O. yards through the Imsli, when wo reached a stream running rapieffy between two vory high ragged banks, oovorcd . with treo , ferns, myrtle, ti-trce,. and. other,, foliage bonding down to tho water, tho hugo rooks covered with many varieties of forns and.wild flowor- ihg . plants. ' With tho. aid of sticks and n littlo help yto gradually scrambled down- to tho bed.of tha stream; crossed it by means' of rooky stepping-stone's, and found ourselves at 'tho.' mouth, of a yawning cavo, whioh,- for blackness -and; size, might, havo boon tho mouth ,of tbo. inforngi. regions i.thoinsolVcs;. Wo shivered nt tho vory look of it, but beingtold to take our last look at tho bright sunnyiday,. we bravely, turned in following our guido, who mcroly stoppad, to light his oandie, passing it along tho lino tiH o:wiuding string of. filter ing lights dosoribed tlio path , of our party. Soon oven, tho fliokor. of daylight in the back ward distance. was lost sight of. , Then camo iho first plungo into.tlip cold pitch-dark .water as many exohimations and groans testified, a; terrible ordeal) .and onr. long uncomfortable walk had really commenced. Through wind ing narrow passages and galleries, opbning often into hugo rooms of .many shapes ana sizes, wo can|o at.longth to. what, seemed; the end, ,A steep-looking rook. faced us, but, to. our surprise,, up wont tha guido in a most off hand manner, and peering more closely through, tho., darkness,- wo, discovered, ono more of thoso yawning months whioh seemed to greet us at almost evqry turn. With soino help from our.mon folk— one nbnvn rnnnhtrm down and pno below literally hoisting ua up, wo managed at -last . to find ourselves in .a second sorios pf ppves. Wo. had, to wado for soma timo. up thp bed of, tho, stream, till- a larger opeping brought ue to tho shores-'of what .appeared, a. small i trfily inland lake! Our guide plunged.in, and nothing remained bat to follow .him, closely;, as :sorao , parts were, said to Bp dangoroumy deep. In, in, past our waists in, thp most deathly, cold wator. Afany woro tlio scrcams from. tho girls, ond acolam'aUons .from tho sterner portion,' but as Kingsloy sayB, ;; good times . and bad ; timessoon come tp nn ond.'.', ;And our shiver ing party opcopreora stood on.- tbo rooks, shaking themselves with groans and sighs Iifyi so many rats. ,,.Oh 1 tho bedraggled,' woo- begono appearance, wo all made, increased by. 'tho sand wo now met clinging fast to every available inch. Wo had- not, however, any -timo to bowaii ourselves,, for we were Iniriicd on, Bomo' "of the piirty.; being plroady' far in udvaiico, to. tho stalaotito cavo- 'dbino- shaped and covered with lliosb beautiful for mations of nil sizes." By going tho atioks whioh some "of our party provided, wo' suc ceeded irt knocking olf. many, but tho 'ipoat beautiful always fell into tho waters' beneath, and lioro forever lost to us. '.I hiust say'tho ruthless destrubtibn- of various pleasure par ties hnd gono fap to destroy the beatify of this grand, old cavo. In one passngo wo pll put otit our lights 'tb fiiid root piid.walid covered with glow-worms, liko littlb diamond stars glistening, .'-in ' Vcatfercd - prbfilsio'fl, and "re- lioving Bomowh'at'; 'that, '''dhrkhoss'' ' that' could bo felt," bringing forcibly to miii'il ; the p\\(l Bcrijitural phrase of.' J,4 outor fiarhncsB," A stranga weird feeling tiiily it' v/ris — Pur last experienco of cold water being deep ' enough, ! wo voted for lionie, ond turning another 'way,, arrived onco again at what appieavcd a'hlaiik Avail,, but this' time our guldp WCnt down oil all. fours, we of courso hacrto follow in tho 'saiiie way, actually on ' olir hands, ' dragging oiir bodioB after us. Wo Pooh returned to ouv old vouto, walking quickly, till'ii'. glimmer'1 In the distance showed up the welcome 'daylight/ and, alas-1 thp very diffnient aspoot of tlip,. party who' had entered : eouie two lioiu's previously. A' «liurn''wnlk'' soon brought 'ftf to tho tents wlfcio' thoso iyho lm'd not joine'd, our party liad. hot coffee ready few uu — wel- eomo, onough it was tpo. ' That,' tlio quick dressing, ond a sharp walk ordered at onco by our ehapcrono, and tha doctors prevented any of ns taking cold as .might otlicrwiao have been the esse alter our. ioy bath. Thede eaves, however tamely I have, described tlicm; are indeed worth visiting— tho feeling of awe/ being in tho heart of the earth/ tlio Vhugb .rocks, vast looms, uhutferahio darkness," tho fairy, or rather gnome-like splendour of tlio stalaotito dome are among the nntorgottcn things of. a lifetime. . ... . I must describe ono moro obnrming mpoti which we visited' aftor ''dinner that ddy. As , usual wo . divided . forcos, some . of- tho gontlo.. men went fishing np the stream. ' I may re mark; en pitssanf, a liny spocimen of the finny ;tribe, measuring about half an" inoli, ; was .handed in triumph to me; es the proceeds of sovcraV hours devotion to Isaak'Weltoh's art. " They say" fish of several kinds : are to' bo found in those .waters, but my knowledge on this point is eonfined to hearsay. Two 'or three others, students of the National Gallery, disappeared on sketching expodltianj, whioh,' may bo, will furnish one day to' your readers, ' descriptions more graphic than any word- Sainting bould bo. Most of tho others won- erad in twos and threes round' tho basb; of tho hill whoso ncquaintanco wo had made so early in the day. - Oh we walked over 'anvcra rises, revelling once' end1 Again in delicious glimpses of cool fern gullies, till wo reaohed the object of our walk, a rmturnl bridge of "part of ' one of tbo gullies. Wo looked down some eighty foot, and of course nothing would satisfy the mast adventurous spirits but clipping, sliding,' Jumping, or shyly wait ing for the favored helping hond'of tho day to rcaoli the bottom. Once down.it was dell, clouti, the waving graceful ferns, the fairy-like undergrowth of moro delicate ones, the tiny stream rippling over (ha honlders and falling in miriiio cascades bver a broken treo, filled us all with a ; sensation ' of, happy delight not easily- described, presently broken by thb fragment of n merry catch takon up end eung in many tones, till tho warning cry . o! approaohing ' ten hour from Uadamb Prud ence, othenriso knovra as Mrs. ; Bpoonirtgton, who, anxioas to snstain hor now dignity, re-: maincd on the bridge; gazing'with a benign matronly ey'o at those foolish yonng tilings below. So after marching orders nothing re-' maincd but tho diffiimlty of scrambling. up, accomplished at laat amidst much . laughter and loss of breath, and thus reluctantly we turned tentwards onco more, bnt tho lingering of tho various couples mentioned beforo thooccssioncd a small adventure, kopt quiet at time and only divulged to a favoured fowl ' Wo had arrived at tho upper end of our wild gully; whioh, 'indobd, bccamo wild and rugged in the extreme, bat a mania 'for ferns had by this timo sot in. So down wo were again over roolts and fallen trees, and having gained our spoils foand most of tlio party had, as the Americans say, "mode traoks," we hurried on. But seeing two of onr friends" who had been apparently oblivious of time/',' way; and all else, had not yet turned up, : we waited with some considerable patience for; almost an honr. A prolonged coOoy, in a very wrong direction, showed our ttuant pair 'had really lost their way, and glad enough thoy. were to rcaeh as, for they had wondered in a' circle all the time, and most humbly begged us not to speak of their littlo adventure on account of tho 'chaff.' Tea' fairly over, I tuougut to enjoy a quiec, solitary uour m our dry cave listening fri the gathering twilight, to the nor of the waters, end watching tho dusky figures playing games on tba green ontsido, bnt scarcely had I perched myself In a dim comer than tho lost pair appeared, and sitting down ' evidently . began meditating entirely to their own- content. Thoy were soon followed by a second and third pair, none of whom on entering polrbOivcd tho others, and finally the engaged pair; who we afterwards learnt had been studying botany, and 'hod been invisible to all since' dinner. At length a bell rang calling tho scattered members in. Bugs wero spread' beneath the trecs, wraps brought out, and tho sorcral groups proceeded to sing eaoh other down in the most edifying fashion. . Songs, .choruses, batches, duets,; trios, 'hymns, "followed one another in rapid succession till nearly 10 o'clock, when tho snpper boll anuouncod ' tho nsual cake and1 sandwiches; All gathered round the camp fires, when ghost s tories of tho kno'st 'alarming nature add cothib songs of every description were again tho order of tho day, -or 'rather night;' in ' opitb of tho; many reminders- from onr '.kind ohnpeftmo 'of tho lateness of the hour. : However, at last -tho "good-nights'! ' hod - been" spoken quiokly, lightly; tenderly, reluetsntly, according to' the fancies of ths company, and wo all turned in to in-'good night's rest uftor the' excitements and 'fatigdea of oho of tho -most pleasing days. Tho noxt morning 1 a 'warm" discussion ensued between tho party who wanted to "gat home and thb party who wanted to get up the mountains. The former eventually carried tha day.' In a chert' timo. all was bustle and. business. Wo mado e lair start plc-nlced at' the "Needles" hp which wo had time to blimb, and arrived at our journey's ond about six o'olock in tho evening, with many regrets that ono of the most enjoyable' trips wo had over made had at last, 'as is tho nature of ' all things, eomo to an end, ; Of the' many folks gsthercd from all parts of the world, it is not likely that six of thorn will oomo togather again, bat in tho tnomorlbs of nil it must remain ono of the most, plcosant days of a most pleasnnt summer. ; If then my friends I have succeeded in ' giving you a few minute's diversion from tho busy moments of lifo,- if somo will wish to soo for themselves tbo bdauty,- wildneSs, 'and mysterious wind ings of tho glorious old oaves;' and succeed in forming ihsif such a pleasant party ' as ours/ I shall not liavo taken 1 up my pon in vain, and' maybe; at somo : future time, I may endeavour to draw their attontibn.to' ono or two spots unknown; 'but well worth' viaitinc in our own colony. ' ' Oiimm Cnozmn.' 