THE CONTRIBUTOR. AMATEURS ON THE STAGE. When the showman in the play complains that his proceeds are nil, owing to the com petition of amateurs, and expresses his con viction that to secure satisfactory receipts he must turn amateur himself, he may be de livering himself somewhat extravagantly, yet at bottom he is touching a by no meaus imaginary evil. Amongst us, indeed, this evil has not yet grown to such a height as it has in older cominuniti s. Nor is this un accountable. In a new country there is no leisure class, strictly so called. It is only after the hard work has been done and the necessities of life secured that we can afford to turn our attention to '.he luxuries. But of late years there has beeu a uoticeable tendency on the part of those who have nothing better to do, or who, though they ba-;e some thing better to do, <tu uot do it, to rush upon the stage and exhibit themselves to an admiring audience. We do not wish to criticise the acting of our Adelaide amateurs. We have seen p'ays represented by amateurs here which were the means of bringing into public notice actors who, considering their preparation and instruction, would do credit to any society of amateurs. We have also had painful experience of actors whose sole qualification for appearing was that they were bold enough to do execrably what none of their associates would do at all. Bat laying aside all criticism, granting even that Ade laide amateurs are as good as professionals (as we have heard their more ardent sup porters alleging), it has yet to be shown that the practice of amateurs acting is intrinsically good. Its admirers point to the large amount of good it has done. They tell us to look at the returns it has secured for charitable insti tutions, so (far exceeding the average results from bazaars, Church fairs, &o.; That young men and women, sometimes of a high position in society, will sacrifice their leisure and privacy for the purpose of helping some struggling charity will be noted as a desirable feature. And the practice will farther gain praise amongst some from the fact that by this means young men are induced to conquer their nervousness and fit themselves for a subsequent active participation, in legal or legislative assemblies. ' One-sided political economists (a .large class, by-the way) are pltosed to find that amateur acting increases the trade of dressmakers, milliners, and hair dressers. We cannot call to mind any further defences of the craze; and, indeed, these mentioned are generally considered convincing. There is but one thing necessary to the completion of the argument that amateur acting is n good thing for Bociety because it lends a hand to benevolent institutions and fosters a charitable feeling in the breasts of the amateur actors. This one thing, how ever, is somewhat important. ' We do not wish to use impolite language of our own, so would refer our readers to a passage in a certain Book which has gained a high reputa tion amongst all, and Borne followers as well. Is there not something said about sounding trumpets before almsgiving, and are not those who go through this musical exercise called by a rather ugly name ? Somehow or another we do not invariably repose unlimited confidence in the loudest speaker. And so if a man gets up and says, "Behold, I sacrifice my privacy and time for the purpose of benefiting my fellow-mortals," we are apt —it may not be one of the best impulses of what Sergeant Buzfuz calls our imperfect 1 nature—to consider whether there is not something behind all this show and pother. Charity has got many sins to cover already, any to the unprejudiced observer it seems very hard that she should be required to spread her beautiful, if at Borne places ragged, cloak over irrepressible vanity. It is time to use plain language. We run a chance of being inundated, as older com munities have been, by the ruthless hordes of amateurs. If they are to appear in public let them throw away all excuses and become amenable to honest criticism. They demand money from those who would see them; they must not be surprised or hurt if now and then they get a straightforward verdict. Let them come before the public on their own bottom, not stifling criticism by the reiterated asser tion of their amateurishness; let their pieces be respectably mounted and perfectly known; there can be no greater insult to an audience than ignorance of the words. Thus much is necessary; bat not less so is this—they must know how to act. Amateurs never will be lieve that it is not sufficient excuse for walk ing, or rather stumbling, through a play to say that they are amateurs. Why, this is the very head and front of their offending. They either can act, or they cannot act. If they can act we have nothing to say against them —they are geniuses. But if they cannot act, why do ttfiey come and impose on the public, taking its money aud trying its patience? ThiB is the point of view from which the public looks at amateurishness. The pro fession look at it from another. Nor should this be wondered at. When the Reverend Tartuge Boanerges thunders from the pulpit of Lambeth Chapel, wheu Professor Binks, M.D., Loud., walks down town arm-in-arm with Dr. Charlatan Quack, we may expect to see Henry Irving playing the Ghost to our fellow- colonist Mr. Blank's Hamlet. But it . is hardly fair to expeot it before the millen nium ; for the stage is now very different indeed from what it was when it was com posed of "rogues and vagabonds." Here and there we may find " modern instances" of a state of things which has long since passed away. In the ranks of the theatrical profession are to be found, men of high character and attainments, inferior to none in other walks of life; and so long as any value is attached to virtue, talent, and self-sacrifice, in the high roll of noble women will be found inscribed the names of many actresses, representing many parts on the mimic stage—from the heroine to the ballet girl. Indeed, it muBtseem sometimes strange to the theatrical artist that his profession is defended from charges which are net even laid against other professions. He must at times be almost inclined to resent what he must consider patronage. What, then, can the artist who has spent perhaps years of study at his profession, who has seen the best actors of his time, and learnt his business in the school of experience—what can he think when he sees the conceited upstart, who has devoted his leisure time for as many weeks as he has years to the study of a part, calmly thrust himself on the public and demand a hearing ? True, he cannot demand a hearing ou his own account alone; he cannot submit himself to public judgment and criticism aB the professional actor must; but, pleading charity and amateurishness as his excuses, lie expects to be heard for his bad speaking. Is not sueh a state of things calculated togivethetrueartist a low opinion of his judges? and will that uot cause him to diminish liis efforts ? bay, might it not even tend to depreciate in his sight the real nobility of his art? We have no wish, nor is there any need, to pronounce a panegyric on the stage and actors of the present day. It is no diminution of their praise to say that neither is perfect — there would be audience if both were. Rut, next to the I Press, the stage is the great educator of | the world. It has long survived its connec tion with the Church—but one bond remains I to be burst before it is freed from State | control. When at last it is alone amenable to its proper judge—public opinion—it will | rifted wit" be a power gifted with immense potentiali ties, appealing to all classes and conditions | of men. One other point remains to be noticed. It is not likely that for some time to. come the amateurish inclinations of our fellow-colonists I will interfere with the actn&l; livelihood of realactors. Bnt yet it is by no means an over drawn picture which Miss Florence Marryat draws in a recent novel of capable actors re-1 d uced to enforced idleness by amateurs taking their places on the boards. If it were possible that such a state of things should occur amongst ns, we should earnestly recommend amateurs to read " Facing the Footlights," so that they may clearly see how their desire for notoriety and admiration works mischief which they little dream of. Such a con tingency is, however, from the natnre of things impossible in Adelaide for many years, at any rate. The chief danger now is a depreciation of the standard of excellence. From this would spring many evils. 