SOWN iDITIONl VICTORIAN CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. ST. PATRICK'S BBANCH. The usual weekly meeting of the above branch was held in St. Patrick's schoolroom on Thursday evening, the 4th inst. ; the president, Bro. J. Keys, in the chair. The report of the proceedings of the branch for the past half- year was read by the secretary, Bro. Letcher. It showed that the branch bad made very good progress since the beginning of the half-year, there being at present ninety-five members on the roll. The report was unanimously adopted. The chairman, and several other members, congratulated the secretary on the able manner in which lie had carried out his duties during his term of office. After the usual routine business, recitations were given by Bros. Shortill and Phillips, and Bro. O'Keeffe contributed a vocal selection. The meeting terminated with prayer. MKLBOTJBNE BEANCH. The usual weekly meeting of this branch was held on Wednesday evening. In the absence of the past president, Mr. G. Doyle was voted to the chair. The half-yearly report, as read, was adopted, and the reading of the librarian's report was deferred to next Wednesday night. The chair was then taken by the president for the ensuing halfyear, Mr. F. Edwards, who thanked the members for the position in which he was placed. The following letters were read:—From the Rev. Prior Butler, acknowledging receipt":of cheque for £100, being proceeds of the lecture delivered some ehort time since, under the auspices of the Bociety, and thanking the members for the warm interest they had taken in the matter. From'Mr. A. Burrows, of Sandridge, asking for copy of rules, which request -was oomplied with. Four nominations for membership were received. The Journal for the month was read by its editor, Mr. F. J. Fogarty:—Editorial, "Conduct of our Members," by Mr. P. J. Doyle; "Hanks of Tarn Spun by an Old Colonist," by J. S.; "A Vindication of the Terpsichorean Art," by Rory ; " American Eloquence,'" a selection by J. S.; "Our Present Government," by P. J. Doyle; " How to Speak Plainly," by Janus; " Carious Epitaphs," "by J. S.; and " Much About Nothing," by P. O'Hanlon. Owing to the soarcity of time discussion on the articles was deferred to next Wednesday night. The meeting then terminated in the usual form with prayer. BBTJNSWICK AJFD COBTJEO BBANCH. The above branch held its meeting in the Brunswick Mechanics' Institute on Thursday, 4th inst.; the president, Bro. Phillips, ii the chair. The secretary was instructed to invite the other branches, and strangers, on the 18th inst., when Bro. J. F. Hogan, the district president, will deliver a lecture on Longfellow. The editor then read the Magazine, which contained, besides the editorial, " A Colonial Ghost," by Warrigal. "The Nation and its Founders," No. 1, by P. C.; " The Editor at Work," by Old Tom Squarefaoe; "Chained Lightning," by Dynamo; and "The Blacksmith," by Vulcan. 