MISCELLANEOUS. Evidence from all sides shows that the dis tress in the Northern and Western districts of Ireland is increasing day by day, and yet the Government remain passive. Letters from respected clergymen before whoso eyes people are starving, and appeals from boards of gaurdians who £now well what sufferings are being borne by the poor creatures within their jurisdiction, have had no practical effect as yet in milking tho Government come to the rescue. Captain French, formerly a resident rrmais tratb for the county Kildare, is a gallant gentleman, and a, worthy son. Caught in (ho act of violently assaulting 'his father, he turned on the policeman, Pat G-iffia, with a dagger-knife. He also armed himself with a knuckle-duster, and threatened to do for the policeman on some future occasion. In a retired officer and resident magistrate this was only a trivial offence. He was bound, on his own recognisance, to keep the peace. Twenty years would be the penalty of this conduct if he were a mere Irishman menacing the life o.f a policeman, or some other loyal ist. The Lord Mayor's Day in Dublin was marked by no extraordinary incident. At the banquet in the evening the ' hero of Merv,' Edmund O' Donovan, wis among the guests, and was one oE the speakers. Since the prosecution for stopping hunts men, numerous farmers are posting notices to trespassers, with the warning that, him! ing gent'emen will be prosecuted if they dis regard the proclamation. This i.- their leaal right, and by this means tho farmers can nut a stop to the fellows who think they can ride roughshod over people as well as lands. Only two months' imprisonment for beum out of his house after nine o'clock ! Under the British Constitution, it was a mild punishment for M»\ Kelly, ex- suspect, Mul lingar. The Curfew must b« no dead letter in this country. For the better government of. Siberia, Russia ought; to take a leaf or two out of. the British law books. The National League continues to pursue its work. A meeting of the organizing com mittee was held at the offices, 39 Upper Sackville-street, recently, at which a resolu tion was passed affiliating a large number of country branches, and the sum of £833 granted, under a deed of assignment by Dr. Michael Barry, of. Brighton, for the benelit oE the Home Ilule League or ' any kindred organization,' 'was handed over to the trea surer. What screams issue from the Protestant Government Press when bands play in the streets on Sunday. But the Government see no Saboath-breaking in posting tyrannical proclamations on the Sabbath morning. They give no notice that a meeting is to be sup pressed until Sunday. Those who groaned the Lord Lieutenant were captured and put in the dock, from which they were sent to gaol. But his Excel lency felt the shame of that prosecution, and ordered the prisoners to be released. Mr. O'Donnell's speech at Bray on this subject appears to havo had the effect of making Earl Spencer anxious to get out of an ugly position. Lord Colin Campbell, son of the Duke, thinks that the great want of the Highlands is. not the land for the people, but more post offices, telegraph wires, &c.; A year oj.1 two ago his lordship thought the great grievance of his country was the probable disappear ance of the national costume and the national tartans. Someone retorted that there was little use in preserving the garb if there were not Highlanders to wear it, a condition of things which might be soon looked for if the policy of Lord Colin and hig father were permitted to continue in operation. At a meeting at Hastingdon on January 15, Mr. Michael Davitt said in the course of his address there :— ' It was quite true that crimes and outrages had occurred in Ireland during the past three years, which had caused the English people to speak unkindly words of him. He could say, in reference to these outrages, that their origin could be traced and their source discovered in that system of monopoly against which he had been stirring since the agitation commenced. Was it to be supposed for one moment that n people like theirs, a Christian and moral people, could be guilty of these agrarian crimes, unless some cause existed in the country which prompted them to fall back upon feelings of vindictiveness? He did not want it to be understood that he was palliat ing those crimes, because he had never ceased to denounce them as a Christian, as an Irish man, and as a Land Leaguer. Now. what had the Land League done for Ireland ? Had it accomplished any good for the people P He replied that the Land League had done a great deal for the peasantry of Ireland, but the work would not be completed until Iriah landlordism was legislatively abolished. Although Irish rackrents had been reduced some four or five millions annually through the work of the Land Leaeue, a still greater benefit had been conferred upon his country through the efforts ol that organization.' A soldier has been tried by court- martial at Lenmore Barracks, Galvvay, for having left bis post while on duty outside the gaol, alleging that ho saw the ghost of Myles Joyce, which frightened him away. His story was disbelieved, and ho was sentenced to 12 month;;' imprisonment. The authorities are convinced that the knives found some months ago near the rear of tho house of one of. the men arrested on ' January 13, are those used in tho Phcenix Park assassinations, for they lit exactly the cuts in the clothes ol Lord Frederick Caven dish and Mr, Burke, The city of. Limerick was virtually in a state of seige on the night of January 15. Large bodies of police, armed with rifles and revolvers, partrolled the principal thorough faros. Two men were arrested, but no arms were found upon them. Mr. Pdruell's estate has been the scene of another popular demonstration. Several hundred people assembled with bands to plough his land, and a large stubble field adjoining his demesne was ploughed up very quickly, over 200 ploughs being engaged, while in a field of 51 acres at Garrymore 80 ploughs were employed. 