Tm: first thing a man takes in this life is milk ; the last is his bier. SyuirtE-" Where are ye goin' wid tho pig. Pat?" Pat-"Ah t that's jost what I can't tell, yer bonner." Squire-" Why not ?' Pat " Sure the haste 'nd hear me ! It's harrd work gittin' him along anyhow." WHEN arc you going to make me that pair of new hoots I ordered ?" asked Gae de Smith of his shoemaker. " When you pay for the last pair I made for you." *' Whew ! I can't wait so long as that !" AT TITE BANK.-Cashier-" Excuse me, madam, hut your accouut is rather over- drawn." Mrs. Maltravcrs (whose husband is off on business, and has left her a cheque- book)-"Oh, Mr. Cashier 1 that can't be possible. I've got lots of cheques left yet." A PRETENDED ghost made its appearance in a country town the other night, and acei dently ran against a bull-dog. The result of tho encounter established beyond all donbt that there was nothing superstitious about tho dog. " THERE is nothing like settling down," said thc retired merchant confidently to a neigh- bour. When I gave up business, I settled down, and found I bad quite a fortune. If I had settled up 1 Bhould not have had a farthing." WHAT marry your deceased wife's sister ? On general priuciplcs one of a family is about all a man can stand up under. Besides, it most always happens that your deceased wife's sister marricB before your deceased wife had a chance to. MRS. RAMSBOTTOM likes the entertainment nt the fisheries. She says the Foreien Thingummyjigian Band plays beautifully. " I like to see them," said Mrs. K.," in full unicorn, when they're dressed in Prussian Bine and wear a regular Gorman Pickletuh helmet. " INDIGNANT Cabby (who has got his bare fare)-"'nw amito keep a wife and family on pay like this ?" Bland Fare-"My good man, thc subject of improvident marriages is one which has puzzled not yon nor me only." (Exit Cabby, using blessings.)-London Fun. j "I wisn I was on a desert island," exclaimed Mrs. A., who had boon annoyed by gossiping neighbours ; " I wish I was ou a desert island where therr» wouldn't be any- body to talk about you." " Bot, my dear," replied Mr. A., " yon must remember there wouldn't be anybody tn talk about either." Mrs. A. said she hadn't thought of that, and concluded that a desert island might not be so pleasant after all. As some lady visitors were going through a peniteniary, under the escort of the super intendent, they came to a room in which three women were sewing. "Dear mo," one nf the' visitors whispered, " what vicious-looking creatures ! Pray what are they herc for ?' " Because they have no other home-this is nur »ittinj! room, and they are my wife and daughters," blandly answered the tuper intendent, 