A HISTORICAL G01OS Toe Tuileries had him ghost, and it was a local, not a family spirit. This is a nice and important difference, and the want of due attention to it has sometimes led to difficul ties. A friend of the writer, who had taken chambers in Lincoln's-inn on the express understanding that they were haunted, was disgusted to find that the ghost disappeared with the late occupant. He was in the nature of personal property it appears, whereas the new tenant thought that the use of him was included in the purchase of the fixtures-that he was "in the walls," in fact, with other visitants of the midnight hour. The Red Man of the Tuileries, on the contrary, has appeared all through the history of the building, though in the stirring time before the Revolution he was naturally sore often on duty. He used to be seen at dead of night leaning in a sombre fashion with folded arms over the staireases, or at one of the great windows overlooking Paris. A few dlays before the 10th August, Marie Antoinette's women rushed into her apartment to tell her that they had just seen him in the guard-room during the absence of the guard. He looked stedfastly at them with a face of unutterable woe. He was last seen during the Commune. The old watch man who had charge of the building was going his rounds one night, when he became aware of a scarlet-clad tigure in the gloom skulkmg behind one of the pillars. He made for it, but it seemed to pass round the pillar and dis appear. He looked about everywhere, but there was nothing. The old man had his own reasons for thinking that he might have been deceived on this occasion; so he took nothing after dinner but coffee next night before making his rounds, yet there was the Red Mlan again. This time he was leaning meditatively on his arm, and looking down on Paris. The atchman shouted at him; he turned round, faced him with the same look of icy woe, and disappeared. The old man ran for help. late as it was, and they made a thorough search of the place, They did find something red; their search ended in a suave qui pele, as they saw the first glare of the incendiary fire that was to reduce the Palace of the Tuileries to a heap of mruine. 