A. SEA QUEEN Br. AV. Clabk Russell. Author op "The Wkrciv of the Grosvenor, ' " A Sailor's Sweetheart," " An Ocean Free Lance," &c.;, &c.; Chapter XXVIII.— The Shadow ovDanger. Well, this incident was but an adventure of the deep, and, having related it, I will say no more about it, though it left ' such an im pression upon my mind that;, to this moment, I seo tho wreck and her crew as plainly as when I beheld them from tho deck of tho Aurora. I come now to stuff of a different fibre — to our own shipwreck, indeed, aud to tho dreadful and astonishing perils wo en countered, until our deliverance from all the misfortunes which befel us in the Aurora, and after wo had quitted her. The hurricane, as you kn'jw, terminating in a sternly gale of wind, blew us along, under reefed topsails, all that day and night, giving us a famous run in the twenty-four hours, for besides the speed of the barque, wo had the impulse of the seas, which, catching us so rhythmically that you might have counted, say, twenty between the riso and fall of the vessel's counter, without being one over or under for a dozen times together, ran us forward almost as fast as tho wind itself with every heave, so that, although tho wind failed us at about ten o'clock next morning, yet, when Richard catr.e to calculate his observations at noon, he fouud that our run since twelve o'clock ou the preceding day was a little over 286 marine miles, or a full 12 knots an hour. AVo then had a short spell of cahn ; but, at about two in the afternoon, there came a light nil from tho eastward, which, freshening up, drew into tlio north-east, and within an hour of tho first of tho puff we had tho Trados strong on tho beam, royals set, aud a foretop- mast-studuing-sail out, aud the barque loaning down with dry decks, and the hot yellow sun- shino sparkling' in her mast aud on the brass- work and the glass, whilst tho foam sped away from under our counter, and danced in a line of snow upon a sea as bright and beautifully blue as the soft heavens over which the Trade clouds were sweeping in scattered wool-white shapes. If all had hecn well with us aboard thero would have beep but little to complain of as regards tho weather so far. The hurricane . was indeed frightful ; but wo had come through it unharmed, and it did us good by leaving a gale behind, which blew us fairly into the trades. AVe had made a fast run, and Rieliard talked of fetching Sierra Leone early in Alarch. But uot only the behavior of tho men, but the circumstance of the mate being imprisoned in liis cabin, cast a gloom upon us which was not to be cleared away by prosperous breozes and swift sailing. I speak of myself particu larly. . I was never easy in the cabin, either when alono or with Richard. If over I was disposed to laugh my merri ment was immediately checked by the reflec tion that the mate was locked up in that berth just over against us, and would hear me. Thero was no freedom. AAre had to converse iu low voices, and the idea that MivHgeuii could hear all that was said acted with such constraint . upon my husband, that I would, again and again, cuteh him about to speak, and then stopping and considering well what lie was going to say before uttering it. Talking to him in our berth on one occa sion, I said, " AVhy not see the mate, lecture him well, and offer his freedom and a promise of forgiveness if lie will go to his work again dutifully, and withhold all sympathy from the men." "It's too late," he replied. " AVhy, we shall be arriving at Sierra Leone presently. Besides, I don't forgive liim. He ib a rascal, aud I'll have him dealt with as he deserves." "Then, cau't you get him out of the cabin," said I. " The odiouB steward made it uncom fortable cnongb before ; but, now that the mate is boxed up like a spy in a cupboard, listening to all we say, it is positively unbear able." ' AVhere can I put him, Jess ? In the hold ? It's full of coaL In the forecastle ? There's nothing he and the men would like better? In the lazaretto, where there is no light and no air, and whero any rats the Aurora may have shipped at Sunderland would be very glad to welcome him ?" " Have you seen him since he has been under look and key ?" I asked. "No," he answered, "and I don't want to see him." " How do you know that he is properly fed or that he may uot be ill ?" "AVhy," said he, laughing, " by his keeping quiet. If anything were amiss in that way he'd soon make his wants known. Those 'longshore scowbanks are not a diffident body of people." As you now see, it could not be helped. My husband had chosen to lock up his mate for the reasons you have read, and there was no other place but bis own berth to confine him in. But tlio thought that he was there, listening— im prisoned by my husband, who eould release him if he chose, hating us so that the very sound'of our voices would be detestable to him — made the cabin quite intolerable. I only- used it for meals ; for, when I was not on deck, I occupied the little spare berth, and Eewed or read in it, and I never passed through the cabin without feeling as though there was a ghost at my heels. It was a great pity, for it was a pleasant little cabin. AVhen tho suushine lay on the open skylight, it was full of radiance that rippled in tiny billows upon the polished bulk heads ; tbe windsail kept it breezy, aud there wu3 room to move about ; whereas the sleep ing berth was small and close, lighted by a bull's eye, and ventilated by a little scuttle that was, fortunately, to windward in the Trades, so that I was able to keep it open, for had it been to leeward, the sweltering atmo sphere, caused by the fierce suu beating upon the deck overhead, would have rendered the box of a place uninhabitable. Meanwhile there were no more open acts of mutiny among the men — I mean, there were no more collisions between my husband and his crew — though one very nearly happened two days after we had sighted tho Danish wreck, by Dan Cock, the mulatto, who was in the port watch, that -my husband now had charge of, saucily answering some order that was given him. He stood just beforo the main hatch, and my husband went up to him and told him to repeat what he had said. Richard afterwards told me that he was in the temper to have strangled the colored man, and Don Cock probably wit nessed this intention in his face, for, shrinking away, he said lie didn't want to be impudent — he was willing to do his work — and so my husband left him. This was very for tunate, for had Richard struck the mac, the others would certainly have rushed in to de fend him, and I dare not think what deeds of violence must have followed ; for, if ever men were possessed by the devil, the Aurora's crew were ; indeed, our forecastle was iike a house filled with inflammable goods : the least spark would have set the seamen on fire. But though there was no open revolt, yet, as the timo went past, Richard's anxiety- deepened, insomuch that, over and over again, he would lie awake a whole watch below, weary a3 auy man could well be, yot too nervous and apprehensive to close his eyes. He was full of forebodings, though unable to give shape to his fears. - On the day preceding tbe dreadful trouble, tbe relation of which 1 am about to enter on, he came below, after keeping the deck four hours.' aud sitting down at the table in our berth, leaned his faco on hiB hand without looking at me. " AVhat particularly troubles you, Richard?" I asked him. " Have the crew been worrying you again ?" . "Not more than they usually do," said he. "How glad I shall bo when we make our port, Jess ! I feel to be growing light headed for tbe want of sleep." " You should take things a little moro easily," said I. " So long as tho men keep their muttering3 to themselves, and do the ship's work, we may say that all's well." " AVhy, yes, we may say that," he replied. " It's tho 'feeling myself to bo alone amongst theso ruffians — tho man who ought to be at my side, helping ine, locked up — and tho seoond mate more friendly with the crew than over Heron was — it's theso things whioh make mo anxions. But it's the lot of every shipmaster to be anxious. Don't let my manner weigh with you, doar. You'ro quite right to soy that whilst things go on as they are, all's well." "Ay, Richard," said I ; "but your anxiety is not of the ordinary kind. You have mis- givinfTs which make no part of the usual sea life. I wish you would talk to me unreservedly. First, any shirking or glossing-over of your troubles only ends, in leaving me gloomier; and, next, if you do not take me into the very heart of your confidence, what opinion can you have of me as a wife ?" "Indeed, Jess," said he, smiling at my warmth, " I talk to you as I would talk to no other human being lu this world. Since you will have all that's in my mind, I'll answer that my opinion of the 'men is so low— they have shown such an utter want of principle and honesty in their conduct — that I believe them eapablo of any crime that can be imagined. To be afloat with such men, and to have von with me among them, is surely enough to account for my manner." " But do you think they mean to do a mis chief ?" said I. "No," he answered; "I won't say that. Ely anxiety lies in my thinking them capable of doing us a mischief. " But, suppose them resolved, Riobard, what form could their mischief take " I can't answer that," said he. " I do not know. But there are many forms." " AVill you name one ?" I exclaimed. " Mo," he replied, "I won't name even one. I'm not going to fill your head with horrors." " But they must have some sense of the law," said I. They may play, as it were, round the brink, where they can he defiant and safe too ; but they are not likely to do anything' to risk their necks." " There's no use in theorising about them," said he, speaking as though he felt the subject ought to be dropped, for my sate. " Tliore is nothing more exceptional than' to find a whole ship's company turn upon their captain, even when they have substantial reasons for muti nying ; for thero are always one or two cautious or honest men who will hang back and refuse to come into so awkward and dangerous a muddle as a mutiny. But here is a whole crew mutinying without cause. There is no hang ing back ; they all pull together, and the mates aro with them. I have thoroughly overhauled my conduct, but can find nothing to justify their behavior. I am no bully ; I havo en deavored to treat them considerately. AVhen I reprimanded Mr. Heron, I spoke quietly. There is no cursing and swearing ; no bounc ing in me. Tho provisions are good. The hands who profess to be incompetent are as able as the others of whom no complaint is made ; and though I will not deny that the crew is,: on tbo.wbolo, small, considering the vessel's tonnage, thero are enough seamen to work her, and the number is up to the average. Therefore their grumbling and mutinying merely means that thoy aro a gang of unprincipled vagabonds — as if tho forecastle of a dozen ships had been searched for its most growling loafers to furnish out a complement for this vessel. Ashore these men would be pickpockets, thimbleriggors, the scum of the rogueries which haunt the east end streets of London, and hang about police courts and racecourses. .They - have brought- their principles to sea, and call themselves sailors. But I am no easier in their company for that. They feel themselves a long way off from the law out here, and I must watch them closely, Jess, until I can get the police aboard." There was not a word of this that could he contrudicted. However, he had said as much as be intended, and would answer no more questions, believing he had gone too far already, and that it would end in my think ing that the men were only waiting for an opportunity to mnrder us both. AVoll, the next day the trade winds that had swept us nobly down to tho parallel where we then were failed us, though wo were still to the north of the equatorial latitudes, where they usually terminate — that is, when you are sailing south in the North Atlantic. Whether this was owing to our being well to the eastwards I cannot say ; but if there be any foundation in tho theories of the people who have written explanations about these trade winds, then the vast hot continent of Africa lias much to do with the capriciousness of the breezes, gales and torna does which are encountered by vessels when they get within a few hundred miles of thoso broiling coasts. It was the hottest day we had yet had. The morning temperature was not so extreme, because the lingering wind kept the . deck cool under the little awning that was spread aft ; but after dinner, that is, at about half, past two, it was simply roasting. Suffocating as the cabin was, it was as bad on deck. In the sun whatever the hand touched burnt the flesh as though it were hot iron. The pitch in the plauk seams was as soft as putty. A kind of bluish haze floated upon the decks, like the vaporous exhalation that hovers over marshy soil early in tlio morning. There was a faint swell upon tho sea, but the water was like polished steel — of that very color indeed ; an ashen grey, shot with a bluish light — not the merest film of a catspaw darkened it, not the least wrinkle or fibre of mo tion tarnished the breathless quicksilver of the huge, faintly breathing circle. The heavens were stainless, too ; a deep, most beautifully tender, African blue, a wonderful concave of glorious azure that kept the loveli- ness of its surpassing hue down to the water line, where, I havo observed iu northern climes, the finest blue will lighten until it becomes very nearly wJiito. Almost overhead stood the sun, a burning fiery eye ; one would have said the orb was a gigantic magnifying glass, in which was concentrated the heat of flaming luminaries. The barque gently leaned with the swell, but I took notice of a certain parched aspect aloft, a baked and dusty thin ness iu the appearance of the canvas, whose white cloths shone with the brilliancy of chalk, and a worn look in the running gear, and even in portions of the standing rigging, such as old rope has. About 50 feet.distant, on the port quarter, was a black, leaf shaped object forking out of a grey oily surface, aud motionless as we were. I thought it was a bottle at first, but looking at i t again, and seeing that it was not a bottle, nor indeed anything resembling the waifs ono meets at sea, I called Richard's at tention to it, and asked him what it was. " AVhy," said he, giving the thing a careless look, "it's the dorsal fin of a shark, Jess. I'll bring him under the counter, where you will be able to see the beast, if you can endure the sun for a minute." He called to tho steward to hand him up an empty bottle, and going to the taffraii threw it overboard. The bottlo made a little splash and the black and gleaming fin advanced swiftly through the water, looking very much like tiie back of a negro's hand, with the fingers together. Tho refraction of the light soon rendered the fish discernible, and a mon strous creatnrc lie was, a full 15 feet. If I vividly remember him it is because, no doubt, I saw iiim on a day I am never likely to forget. His back, which was just uuder the surface of tho water, was as black as if it had been newly coated with tar. Tiicrc was uot a point of him that had not a chilling deadliness of suggestion in it, from the shovel shaped snout to the long malignant barbed tail, the upper barb shooting out and curling up far beyond the other. " Did any man ever see a more ferocious looking brute !" exclaimed Richard, gazing with real awe at the monster, for ho bad never supposed the fin he had lightly glanced at be longed to such a fish as this. The shark floated up to the bottle and smelt it, giving it a little shove with liis square nose, as if to test its nutritive qualities or its flavor ; meanwhile casting up its bright and evil eyes at us witli so much of horrible sagacity in tho expression of them, that I instinctively caught hold of Richard's arm and shrank hack. "Look, Jessie!" cried my hnsband, "dash my buttons if he's not going to bolt the bottlo !" and peering over, sure enough I saw the fearful creature slowly turn over, until his bell-, colored like the inside of a mussel shell, gleamed under tho water ; his huge jaws opened, disclosing a tremendous battery of teeth, and the bottle disappeared. " After that," exclaimed my husband, " I'll believe anything Jack chooses to tell me abont what's found inside a shark." The fish rolled ovor again, and the black fin came to the surface, but ho now stayed under the counter, peering upwards as if asking for another bottle. Michael Craig, an able seaman, was at the wheel, but though a shark is always an object of curiosity, oven to an old sailor, and though Craig could have seen the fish by stepping back without letting go of the wheel, I observed that ho nevor so much as turned his head whilst Richard and I were looking at tho shark and talking about it, a circumstance than which I know nothing hotter to give you an idea of the sullen, sulky deportment of the men, and how thoy stood off, bo to speak, from my husband, as though ho wero a tyrant, and had found them a hun dred reasons for hating tliein. Tho calm lasted through tho whole after noon. The heat of tho sun was so fierce that the imago of the poets when he speaks of the very deep rotting, seemed to be realised as I cast my eye over the boundless, breathless, thick and stagnant ocean ; and it was with a feeling of real gratitude that I saw the roasting orb — a globe of blood red fire— sinking behind' tho sea, kindling under him in the water long crimson flames, which waved with tho swell, and filled ono side of tho firmament with a haze of dark gold light, in which tho horizon van ished as though a fog wero there. AVhen the sun was gone the night soon came down, for there was but tho briefest pause of twilight, and thon the air. fell cool, though the decks kept their heat for a long time in spite of the dew, which lay so thick that tlio starlight crusted tho bulwarks and portions of the planking and tho skylight and companion as though they had been powdered with diamond dust. 