Melbourne. July 1. The annual collection for His Holiness the Pope was made to-day in the Boman Catholic 1 churches. A fire occurred last night in North Mel* ' bourne. The Advertiser newspaper office was ' destroyed. Amongst the property destroyed ! was the Bev. D. Macdonald's translation of the Bible into the New Hebrides language. 1 A fire occurred in a house in Specimen Gully, near Castlemaine on Saturday. Mrs. Turnbull, tbe wife of the occupier, wrs burned to death and beyond recognition. The house was des troyed. It is supposed that the deceased, who is subject to fits, set fire to lier dress. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club held their meeting at Caulfield on Saturday. The weather was fine and the attendance good. Selling Bace —Castaway, 1 ; Halifax, 2 ; Wliisper, 3. Han dicap Hurdle Bace— Buki, 1; Triplet, 2: Miller, 3. Victoria Gold Cup — Black Jackal, 1 ; Abdallab, 2 ? Zerlo, 3. Won by three lengths. Time, 4 mins. 52 sees. Ladies' Trophy— Ghost, 1 ; Teddington, 2 ; Transferred 3\. Steeplechase— 'General Jackson, 1 ; Vaulter, 2 ; NapoleOn, 3. The inquest on the murdered Chinaman, Ab Young, was resumed. The girl Emma ThomaB has been released from custody on the applioa tioq of the police. Tbe Government analyst deposed that marks closely resembling human blood existed on a razor found on a Chinaman named Ah Get, who is in custody. Kate Delabunty, a domestic servant, has been sentenced to three months' imprisonment without the option of a fine for assaulting her mistress. Henry Wiiley has been committed for tritfl for the manslaughter of his wife «t Mandon. Edwards and O'Leary begin a six day's walk ing match here on July 16 for £250 a side. The hon. 0. H. Brpmby summoned by a o&b;* driver to the Police Ooutf for 2s. fare; was ordered to pay the amount, with IBs. ooitf. —A number of bakers and grocers have been fined for Belling bread without weighing it, Henry Darcy, manager of the Asbestos fac tory, has been arrested for stealing 50 bags of asbestos valued at £300. July 2. Serious charges of favoritism, neglect, and dishonesty, have been made against Steel, tbe foreman of the railway workshops at Newport. Mr. James Allison, the .well-known theatrical manager, was presented with a gold locket and an Uluminated^apdrfs*, previous to his depar ture for EnglaiidT whither he roes to secure theatrical novelties Tor Australia. The revenue returns are issued. Tbe total revenue for the quarter is £1,362,296. The railways, 'customs, and excise show an increase. 