Corrrspondenrf. WESTWOOD CHUBCH. TO THE EDITOR OF THE CAPBTOQRCTAir. Sib, — I write at considerable length, as I intend thiB letter as a reply, not only to your correspondents of the 8th instant, (which is the Jut issue of your journal to blind), but also to whatever might have been puhlished since, or possibly will be is future ; whether signed anonyznonsly, or nonymously. Even the infidel sometimes speak of God. The devil alone finds constant occupation in mischief-making. Mr. ' Westwood, my base calumniator, after having made two cowardly assassin-like attacks on me from behind tile hedge, would ootr tell me not to fear him, that he meant no barm, and wi!l not hurt me. To try and kill the body is highly criminal. To attempt to blast one's -*'ra'W sod reputation, which are dearer than life itself, is still worse. I candidly admit, I am somewhat; frightened of Mr. ' Westwood's Ghost' It presents a most hideous spectacle, and I am sure a faithful likeness of himself, were he to come from behind the lense. Evidently he is Dot satisfied with a good t.hrmfrjpg by means of moral force, and argument He pretends he is anxious for a physical display, and for once truthfully inform* ise t&ere; is no necessity to carry firearms to protect myself from him, and his bludgeons. Let him not deceive himself. Nature has supplied me with arms sufficiently strong to protect myself from him, and his bludgeons, were he a plucky, straightforward, honourable man, and not the miserable, sheltered, dastardly coward he is. He admits he cannot hurt me. Where, then, was tbe wisdom ol another trial ? He knows my position is inaccessible and unassailable and that he cannot inoculate me with poison from bis javelins. He is right in saying thry strike me only to get blunted ; and as action asd reaction are equal but is opposite /jrectjons, they rebound wMi equal velocity, and stay himself by the other end. The trrth is invulnerable ; you cannot hurt it, mD^h les- kill it ; neither can it admit of change, for it is one. Error, on the other hand, is unsteady, wavering, fluctuates with every wind, for it is many, being a tie from th;j beginning. Mr. Westwood will not quota any more Scripture. What a pity ! He sees it is on necessary, as {knew all about that advice be gave me in his last, and practised it even jo Westwood. He could, however, quote passages proving the inimrtiee of my act, while admitting it to be Uwfel, bottwooH not accept his private interpretation. Alas! for tbe poor Scripture. It is*e«»y3£ig, way. thwg. or nothing, madded brmanyto Brit then- r^cuUr fandes and idiosyaeraaiea. It a quoted now-a-days in justification of crimes that it was intended to stamp out. I am sure be is a great adsnicer of tbe new-born edition, although Jib may require another offiipring before he dies. I beg bis pardon. Has be not got one of his own rearing? - 'Private interpretation,' tbe light of ' which he very appropriately says I will not walk in or even Admit ! Why should I do either? Private interpretation is the bastard child of religion from the beginning, existing, at least from the time that EngUan statute law declared tile child Elizabeth illegitimate, and her motiier'a marriage auH and void, down to the present day. The same Gods that afterwards legitimised her for the throne, and later still canonised her for Heaven, bv the same process, declared private interpretation, which might be called her fitat bom, and most prolific spiritual son, beir to the Kingdom of Heaven. Now, if private interpretation of the Scriptures is tbe way to Heaven, will Mr. Westwood come forth and iaform the public of what uae is it to the hundreds of thousands of Protestants wbo cannot read. Would be despatch all tint crowd of every age below ? If «o, would they recognise his voice to be that of tiie good Shepherd! They would rather charge him with not caring for his sheep. Soon they would perceive that lie was a wolf in sheep's clothing, dissipating tiie herd, and that he had entered the Sanctuary not by the door, as the Pastor doee, bat through the window. He is partly to be excused, however. His&Btl; overcame him, and he bad no key, neither would he know it, if you were to put it into bisSst. What, then, for tie illiterate? Are they already condemned? To use a vul garism, perhaps he would gammon to teach them. Would not that destroy the idol of the private spirit altogether? Have they not as good a right to see for themselves as he has ? He coold not deny them the privilege be thinks to be the inalienable right of every one. That would be setting aside the advice he gave me, viz., 'Do unto others etc' If, tben, the Scripture is the sole role of faith, how are tbe ignorant to get at it, except by inspiration ? I fear that is too good to be true. Few would believe that at any time, especially in thia very material age qf ours. I will leave the lliterate themselves to answer that question. Had your correepondenis lived in any a&ta; age, they would be in as small a minority as they are to-day. A few words, now, concerning the litmitp with regard to the private interpretation of Scripture. The New Testament was sot written, much less compiled, for some time after Christ. How could even the literate of those days interpret a text which was not in existence ? Printing was not invented aatfl the twelfth century. Before that time there were only very few copies of tie sacred text, in proportion to tbe wi^mun, more especially during the first centuries. What use, then, was private interpretation to the literate tiinnnands who never saw the Bible. If the writer is as Englishman, Irishman, or (I was going to add) even a Cosmopolitan, he must either consign all bis ancestors of the Augus tinian or Patrician type to the flames, for not having exercised their private judgment on a book few of them, to say the least, ever uw ; or hand them over to the keeping of the ancient Church. Mr. Westwood must think the consequences are dreadful in either ewe. With him it is only a distinction without ai difference. However, he dare not judge them, for thereby he would condemn himself, and have his eon] perpetually seared mth nd hot iroit^. Let him rather cftorftabjy hapt +*«*? bis g.g. &c;, mamas and papaa learned and un learned, who lived from the fifth, to the twelfth century, got on very fairly after all, with little or no oenpture, in tne bosom of tbe old church, ever oew ; and are now enjoying the ae&erial; air, with nothing to mar their happiness, ex cept the loss of a prodiga] son. He is now in a dilemma, hobbled even tighter than my friend in your contemporary, tbe A ram ; there being no possible outlet, were he anything bat a 'phantom.' Again, i£ the Scripture is the sole rule of faith, strange our Saviour never told any of tbe Evangelists, or even the Apostle of the Gentiles to write a single word— stranger still it is, Se never wrote a single wurd Himself, with tbe exception of a scribble the woman taken in adultery What +*»?*- scribble was no one knows ; probably the sins of the Pharisees. Perhaps Mr. Westwood would treat us with another of hU Scripture proofs, and enlighten us with a discourse, taking for Ub text, Our Lord's scribble on £ sand. 1 will act as chairman iE he has no ob jection. How do tne enlightened private mterpretating readers of the Scripture act nowadays with such unfortunates ? Does not the immaculate law itself, grant a divorce, and unmercifully condemn her, and that very often, on the evidence of a consort, who either drove her to rum, or ewore away her character, hav ing loved another better, as Henry did; al though tbe Scripture says a man ie bound by the yoke as long as his wife lives, consequently le should first see her consigned to the tomb before be leads another to the altar. Now, sup posing tor » moment the Scripture to be tbe sole rale of faith it cannot be a complete one, assozne of the inspired works are lost which learned Protestants must admit. Mr. Westwood has not been very successful with his Scripture lessons. I have taken every solid inch of ground from under his feet, and tossed him over on the rotten, cratches of Cosmopolitan. * Were be not a gbost there would not be a bone touching a uone in him by this time It reminds me of a weuel hunt in a pigeon box, no sooner have yon ferreted him out of one hole than be is into another, spitting fin every stride. ^ ^' As to the Commandment*, be would wipe out the precious decade, as he has done with the Scripture, wen they written on paper; «nd not in .characters deeply embedded in ?tone. Bad he lived at another tune and place, and knew to whom they were girasu and where deposited, he would break them mts ballast, coold he but hide his treacberou hammer. So much for Mr. Westwood, in as far u he is disconnected with 'Cosmo- politan ' wbo now occupies my attention. Cosmopolitan, as his name implies Is only a weathercock, and a very unreliable one. He is nobody's child, and the country that lost delusive right to him is best off. like a true sportsman he has destroyed many of his friends retreats, stopped many of his borrows, that death should take place outride the covert Heretofore I innocently thought I had succeeded in ear-marking his friend, but it appears ^ was mistaken ; and he deserved it as mnctf as the larrikin who provoked 'St Peter.' I woold now have lopped off both, bnt he is only a 'Chimera;' yon cannot grapple with him. It reminds me of what Professor Pepper says of himself and his ghost. ' Am I here, said he, or am I there.' I would thank him ranch for the comparison with the great Peter, bnt I coald not aspire to such unique dignity, especially as the throne is filled. Our ideas evidently coincide in essentials concerning Peter, bat I suppose he will not admit there could be any one to represent him in this material age of ours. Although Peter is dead, and Christ promised to remain with him, and his Church, even to the end of the world— how then can Christ be said to be with Peter, except through his successors? Our Lord gave Peter toe keys of the Kingdom of Heaven. His duty was therefore to unlock the treasury and, feed the lambs, also the sheep. Did not our Lard make ample provision for the flocks of every generation? Who pastures them now as Peter is dead ? Have the keys disappeared with him? or did the rust eat them up? as the moths could not. The troth is they did not belong to him, he was only their custodian in his day, and could not keep them at death, even if he tried. He cannot admit that they are lost if he expects salvation. By doing so he would bar Heaven against bis bouI— where then is Peter? where are the keys? He could Bee both but the light destroys him. He cannot even admit of it, and save his idol ' private interpretation.' Teaching, as I have already shown, completely destroys that fanci ful deity. So far I have criticised and judged your correspondents, on their own platform, confining my remarks to the margin of their letters, on which I based my arguments. So much being said of Peter I will now, by way of innovation, introduce the renowned St. Paul to the subject, and prove from his own example that it is not a very great crime to lead a angle life. If be is consistent he ought to leave people judge for themselves. I take for granted that he admits St. Paul to be a really good valiant man, though unmarried, a cir cumstance, when duly considered, did not hamper him very much in the discharge of bia manifold onerous duties. It rather gave him time to tend the more assiduously to his flocks. The conviction tiiat the lineal deseai dants would not be uneasy about him, braced that hero with courage to put bis heart in his work, for should he fall as he eventually did, there would be no widow bet one, no off spring bet hers, the Chorea and her children, to mourn his loss. This great champion of Christianity seeing that his mortal career was nigh closed, acknowledged death, and chal lenged it by saying, 'My coarse is run, I have fought the good fight, I have kept the faith, as for the rest there remains a crown, etc Can any of these things be said of your defunct correspondents? They should have inserted in their will, that their epitaphs be written, here lie the remains of two cowards slain in battle, being vanquished in an ignoble cause. The funeral obsequies of the twin ghoeta being now over, I gladly divert my attention to something tangible, and propose the test I promised in your issue of Wednes day. Should the agitators donbt the accuracy of my statements, and have the courage of their convictions, let them wire the agent at Singapore. The message must be sent through the Acting- Agent, for I would not entrust it to Mr. 'Westwood,' as I have already con clusively proved him to have manipulated a message from heaven. Perhaps Mr. ' West wood M would now take me to be a successor of St. Paul, as his twin- brother did of St. Peter. Should the agent state contrary to what I have eaid, I am ready to pay for the message, also the reply. This will test to what extent my veracity is questioned — I pause for a reply. I am, Sir. etc., James Coherford. Springeore, March, 13, 1883. 