THE TENANT OF THE CEDASS. 'To be let, furnished, by the month or year, The Cedars, a pretty rustic cottage, delightfully situated in Banstone Park, Berkshire, with right of fishing in the trout stream. For particnlars, apply to Mr. Newton, House Agent, Beading.' This advertisement arrested my atten tion as I, Percival Wilford, barrister- at- law, glanced over the columns of the Times one August morning, ten or twelve years ago. Itseemed like an answer to the question I had been deliberating as I sat at break fast in my dull Temple chambers — namely, where should I spend the Long Vacation t I had reached that sedate period of life when one begins to realise that' there is no joy but calm,' and my ideal of a holiday retreat was some qaiet, leafy nook where I could read and dream, and ' go a fishing,' and forget for a time that such things as briefs existed. I may add that I had only my own taBtes to consult in the matter, having the mis fortune (to which I am perfectly resigned) to be a bachelor. 1 made a note of the advertisement, and resolved to ran down to the place next day and see whether it answered to its attractive description. Accordingly, on the following afternoon I took train to Beading, and walked thence to the villiage of Banstone, which con sisted of one long, op-hill street, begin ning with a blacksmith's forge and ending with a barn. Midway between them stood an inn : The Golden Sheaf. Feeling somewhat fatigned by a five-mile walk along dusty country roads, I turned into this hostelry to refresh myself with a glass of ale, and enquire my way. The landlord, a red-faced burly man, in shirt- sleeves and a white apron, seemed puzzled by my question. ' The Cedars !' he repeated ; ' oh — I understand, sir. You mean the little thatched honse in the park. We call it Banstone's Folly.'" Why " Folly 1'" I queried. ' Well, sir, because it's a fanciful sort of place, and was bnilt for a whim. Sir Richard Banstone, the father of the present baronet, designed it himself when a young man, and used to shut himself up there to scribble poetry. Since bis death it has been let from time to lime, but not often. Such a lonesome, out-of-the-way place don't snit everyone.' ' I fancy it will jnst suit me,' I re marked. My host scanned me curiously as he set down the glass at my elbow. ' Perhaps you're in the poetical line yourself Bir ?' he suggested. I laughed and assured him that my 'line' was nothing half so agreeable 1 and, when I had finished, paid for my modest refreshment, and set off hopefully on my way. It led through the village and along the high road, and in about ten minutes I came to the ivy-covered park wall, which was pleasantly shaded by trees. Presently I fonnd myself opposite the lodge-gates, my enmmons at which was answered by a neat, comely woman or middle-age, to whom I explained my errand, and exhibited my credentials in the shape of the house-agent's card. ' The cottage is right on the other side of the park, sir, close to the stream,' she J ssid, as she admitted me. ' I'm sorry 1 1 can't show yon the way, but Foster's out, I and I've no one to leave. However, you I can't mis3 it if yon keep to that path,' I pointing to one which branched off to the I right of the main avenne. ' There's a man I living in charge who will show you over | the house. 1 1 ' Has it been long unlet V I enquired. I ' Nigh upon three years. The last tenant only lived there six months — a lady named Lestelle.' ' That ie a French name V ' Ves, sir, she was French, and had been a singer, I believe.' ' Lestelle,' I repeated thoughtfully ; ' was it Ldonie Lestelle, I wonder, who tookthe town by storm a few seasons ago t But that is hardly probable.' \- rvnat was soe use, sin my companion enquired, looking interested. 'Young and pretty ?' j ' More than pretty. She had one of the loveliest faces I ever saw, and a voice that matched it.' ' It mast be the same,' Mrs. Foster exclaimed ; ' that's jnst her description. A beautiful young lady she was, and so gentle and sweet-spoken it was a pleasure j to serve her.' I ' But what bronght her to The Cedars f I I questioned. ' When she disappeared j from London society abont fonr years I ago, it was snpposed she had returned to I France. Was she living alone V j ' Qaite alone, except for the servants — I an elderly woman who did the housework, I ana a man named unaerwooa wno attended to the garden and went on errands. It's him that's been liviog in charge of the house for the last two years. He used to be one of the under-gardeners j at the Hall, but was dismissed because he was always quarrelling with the other men. A sullen, ill-conditioned fellow he is — though I ought not to say so, perhaps, as he's a cripple and deformed,' she added, with compunction. ' He has a bard life of it.' I ' Hew came Mademoiselle Lestelle to I take him into her service P I ' It was out of kindness, sir, because J no oue else would employ him. Her j patience and sweetness conquered even 1 him. I believed he worshipped the I ground she trod upon, and he was like I one frantic when she was — when she I died.' . I started. ' What — is she dead F I asked. My companion looked at me in surprise. ' Didn't you know, air 1 Did you never hear 1 'I have heard nothing of her since she gave np her profession. What was the tause of her death I' Before she could reply the sound of j ahorse approaching rapidly up the road made her plance towards the gates. It's Sir Philip,' she eaid, hurriedly, and ran forward to open them. I The baronet was a tall, distinguished- j I <oking man, of two or three and thirty, j with handsome, haughty features, bold J -we. eyes, ana lull rea upg nan siouen '"1 a sweeping moustache A striking face, but scarcely an attractive one Toere was something at once hard and fteiisaa! abont it that repelled me He I was mounted on a handsome chestnut I mate, whose panting, foam-flecked sides I showed that she had been -merdleSelyj fidden. Apparently the erertase had not 1 improved her owner's temper. ' Slight as J was the delay in admittihg him, he abased j tb> woman for keejdo|biu lie was riding on when, perceiving me, he drew rein. The gentleman has called to aes the cottage, Mrs. Foster explained. What cottage P he asked, absently. 1 The Cedars, Sir Philip." He slightly nodded, and acknowledging my aalnte by touching the brim of Ms hat with his wMp, jerked the bridle, and rode on np the avenne, followed by bis dogs. Mrs. Foster looked after her master's retreating figure with no great favour. ' Ho needn't have sworn at me,' she muttered, resentfully. I was as qnick as I could be. Bat he's in one of his moods to-day, and makes everyone enfier for it Ah — I wouldn't be in my lady's shoes for all ber grandeur. They've only been married a couple of years, but already ' A significant shake, of the head finished the sentences ' Who was Lady Banstone F I asked. ' She was the daughter and heiress of Mr. Goldney, the great banker. She's a nice lady, bnt no beauty, and several years older than Sir Philip. It's pretty well known that he married her for her money, being over head and ears in debt, thanks to his But X really beg your pardoD, sir,' she broke off becoming suddenly conscious of her indiscretion. ' I ought not to detain you with my gossip. If Underwood is not indoors, you'll find him somewhere io the garden — reading, most likely. He's quite a scholar, in his way. Good afternoon, sir, and a pleasant walk.' I nodded to her, and went my way down the path she had indicated, which traversed the whole width of the park ; wiudiog acroBS sonny glades, and ferny hollows, and under the shade of ' imme- morial elme,' between whose branches I caught glimpses of the Hall, a stately modern building In the Italian style. At length emerging from a young oak plantation, I came unexpectedly upon the stream — which at this point was both broad and deep — and on the slope of the opposite bank stood The Cedars. It was a picturesque rustic pavillion, with a high, thatched roof, whose over hanging ledge, eapported on pillars, formed a verandah, on to which the lower windows opened. Behind it the trees clustered closely, and the garden in the front sloped to the edge of the stream, which was spanned by a light rnetic bridge. I crossed It, and passed I through a wicket gate into the garden, which was in beautiful order ; the I parterres a mass of brilliant bloom, the I grass plot like green velvet I It was not till I was close to the home I that I perceived the figure of the custo- I dian who was seated in the verandah. I He was a, man from thirty-five to forty, j with ragged strongly- marked features, and melancholy dark eyes. His figure, I though mis-shapen, was vigorous and muscular, snd there was a look of sup pressed power about Mm which suggested hidden reserves of force, both mental and physical. I had ample time to make these observations, for he did not eeem to notice my approach, not did he reply when I addressed him. There was a book in his hand, a well- worn volome of Shakespeare, bat he was not reading. He sat in a listening attitude, with his head upraised and lips apart; his foot gently beating the gronnd, as if in time to mnsic. Involun tarily I listened, too, bnt heard nothing except the lonely mnrmur of the breeze, and the distant forlorn note of the wood- pigeon. At length I touched his arm. He sprang to bis feet staring at me with vague alarm. ' I am sorry I startled yon, bnt you did | not hear me speak,' I said- " Willi I yon ' ' How long have yon been watching I me F he interrupted, brusquely. 1 1 have bnt this moment come,' I re turned, ' I wish to look over the honse.' He hesitated ; and seemed half in clined to refdse me admission, bnt think ing better of it, nodded, and limped on neiore me to tne aoor, drawing DacK to allow me to pass in. I found myself in a small tiled entrance hall, with doors on either hand. He threw open the one to the left, and ushered me into a dusky, low room, furnished in a style of qnaint simplicity, which snited the character of the house. ' This is what they rail Sir Richard's study,' he explained. "The parlour across the ball is the same size bnt better furnished. I can't ehow it to yon for the door's locked, and — I've mislaid the key. Hie hesitation convinced me that he was telling an untruth ; for some reason of his own he did not wish me to see the room. However, I only said quietly : I i husk i nociceu war sue winnow was I open ; we can go in that way." I He reluctantly followed me, and stood I outside as I entered through the loDg I window, which opened, like a door, upon the verandah. The rooom in which I found myself was as great a contrast to the one I had jnst quitted as conld well be imagined. With its polished floor and panelled walls; its light bat elegant furniture, its crowd of dainty ornaments, and general look of airy brightness, it might have been transported bodily from a Parasian ' Appartement' But I noticed with surprise that it seemed to have been recently occupied by a lady. There were fresh flowers in the vases ; music ou the open piano; books on the table, and a work-basket, with a strip of embroidery. J which seemed just to have been thrown j down. I hastily drew back and tabled I to my companion. J I 'I understood that the honse was I unoccupied,' I said. 'Why did you not tell I me ' There is no one here except myself,' he interrupted. 'Then, to whom do these belong F I enquired pointing to the books and mnsic. 'To no one in particular. They did belong to a lady wbo lived here for ' a time three years ago, bnt she'e dead.' ' You mean Mademoiselle Lestelle F He nodded, slowly passing his hand ravuu Itia fnra)i«u1 - ' Bat how came they to' Wleft heref Did no one claim them, after her death — no friend or relative f I. 'She had no near relations, and f-w friends in this country. I have fae-rd j her aay that she would leave n v «nr . regret ber. Bat she -, he mattered. l iooked athim curiously r ' SCmethingin his fac th» - ; . > 'Yon, at least, will not soon forget her, I am sore F I said, after a panse. His Upa curved in a smile half sad, half bitter. I have not so many friends that I can afford to forget one. I suppose I may claim the dog's virtue — fidelity, if no other. I know that I would gladly have died upon her grave,' he added, in a low tone of suppressed but passionate feeling which was a revelation to me. The next moment, however, he broke into a short laugh. ' You may well look astonished to hear snch a romantic sentiment from 'Caliban, ' as Sir Phillip calls me. Sounds grotesque from my lips, doesn't it, sir V 'Yon need not fear ridicole from me,' I said quietly. 'I understand your feeling, and respect it.' He gave me a half-incredulous look, as if sympathy were something new to Mm. Then his face changed and softened, and with a qnick impnlsive movement he pnt out his hand. ' Thank yon, sir — that's kindly spoken,' he said, earnestly. ' I'm sorry I told yon that falsehood abont the key — for it was a falsehood. I have it in my pocket. — Bnt — bnt this room, where she spent so many honrs, is sacred to me ; so sacred, that it seems sacrilege for a stranger to enter it." He paused, look ing ronnd reverently, as if it were indeed a sanctuary, I have kept it jnst as it was when — when last she nsed it,' he continued, in a low dreamy tone, speaking to himself more than to me. 'I can almost fancy I see ber bending over her book, or sing ing softly to herself as she worked. What a voice she had! It seemed to draw the heart ont of my body. She used to let me sit in the verandah when she was ringing, and she'd talk to me between whiles in her pretty broken English. She'd always a word and a smile for " Jacques," as she called me — always as gentle and courteous she was as if I'd been her friend and equal, instead of her servant Ah! She was the sweetest sonl that ever ' Hie voice broke ; be hastily turned his head aside. 'I've got her portrait — the last she had taken, if yon wonid like to see it,' he resumed, alter a moment, and took it from a worn leather pocket-book. It was the vignette photograph of a lovely girl of one or two and twenty, with a delicate, spiritual face, framed in cloudy dark hair; a sweet sorrowful mouth, and soft stead fast dark eyes. ' It is very like her,' was my comment ' Ah — you knew her J' be questioned, eagerly. ' No, but T have beard her sing more than once. Her face had not this sorrow- fol look when I saw her last What was her tronble, I wonder i Did Bhe ever speak of her past life F 'No — yes. She sometimes talked of her childhood, when her parents were living. ' Bat not of her later years ? She did not tell you why she gave up her pro- fession F She was not likely to take me into her confidence,' he rejoined, evasively, and added, as if to avoid farther ques tions : ' Perhaps yon would like to see the other rooms now V And without waiting for my reply, he crossed the hail and led the way upstairs. Before my tour of inspection was over, I had resolved to become the temporary tenant of The Cedars. Underwood received the announcement of my decision in silence. ' I suppose I shall have to tarn oat when yon take possession P he eaid at last, glancing at me half-wistfnlly. -nut uuiess yon are aisincunea so re main as my servant,' I replied. ' I shall be only too glad to stay, sir, and I'll do my best to please yon,' he ; responded. ' I don't know whether yon intend to bring a woman-servant with yon ; bnt, if not, I dare say Mrs. Foster, at the lodge, conld recommend one.' ' I will speak to ber on my way back; and yon may expect to see me this day week ' I dipped a coin into his hand, and we parted. XL A week later 1 fonnd myself once more "entering the gates of Banstone Park; having left my ' traps' to be sent after me from Beading. The evening was grey, moist, and cool. Bain had fallen in the morning, and the air was still charged with the eweet pastoral scent of wet earth and grass. 'Autumn's fiery finger' had not yet touched the leaves, and the woodB wore a green as fresh and rich as if the month had been Jane instead of August. To come straight from the dost and turmoil of town to these sylvan aolitndeB was almost use using transported to another planet. The walk was so pleasant that I was half sorry when it was over, and I saw before me the solitary pavilion, with the woods behind it, and the stream at its feet. I was received at the door by Mrs, Foster and a pleasant, fresh-faced young woman, whom she introduced as her niece. ' Martha can t be spared from borne altogether, sir,' she explained, 'bnt abe'll be here early every morning, mid I. think you'll find her a good cook. She's given the honse a thorough cleaning, all but the drawing-room. Underwood . has fastened the window and locked the door, and won't let her set foot in it. I really think the man is going out of bis mind,' she continued, following me into the stndv, where the cloth was laid for my solitary dinner. 'Just look at him now, rir. She pouted through the window to where the gardener was standing in the ride-walk; He-had paused in the act of pruning a rose-bush, and seemed to be listening intently to some sound pro ceeding from the lower end of the walk. 'He'll stand in that way for ten minntee together, listening to nothing, she whispered. ' It gives me a creepy feeling to look at him. People do say that the cottage is haunted, and that he j ' Nonsense !' I interrupted ; ' he ib evidently aabject to some delusion. Have yon «>iv idea what it is ' Sh- shook ber bead, and wan il . m -ju' i-t, thoughtfully '.Hr never b«en t->s earn- m : til ? Wrndfil iff-" three yp«n , T -VI - -i . i. -,1v. Wh . -r s o. e I i : -;jf "TlsSf- 'I - M arf»niiVntol in T-ftM|iflilll ' What 1' I exclaimed, in horror. ' Do yon mean to say that ehe was marderpd f ' 'In this very honse; on the night ofthe first of September; three years ago.' Good heavens ! — By whom J' ' That is a mystery to this hour. She was in the habit of sitting up rather late to practice her mnsic, and that night Underwood, who was in bed, bnt not asleep, noticed that she broke off suddenly in the middle of a song. He thought it strange, and ofter waiting a few moments, threw on his clothes, and harried down stairs. He found the poor young lady lying in a pool of ber own blood — dead. She had been stabbed in the back as she sat at the piano. The murderer, whoever it was, had had time to get clear away, and has never been traced from that day to this." ' What was supposed to be the motive of the crime I — robbery F 'No, nothing was stolen ; that's the mysterious part of it. Yon may think that Sir Philip was dreadfully shocked at such a thing happening on his estate. He himself offered a reward for inform ation, but ' ' Was no one suspected at the time V I interrupted. My companion hesitated. ' Well — one person was, sir.' ' Who was that F She pointed to the gardener. I looked at her incredulously. 'Impossible!' I exclaimed. 'Under wood — who was so devotedly attached to her 1' ' Many people think he has madness in Mb blood, she whispered ; 'and it's well known that madmen often tarn against the very person they love best when in their right senseB. You see we have onlv his own account of what took place that night, for the boose-keeper neither saw nor heard anything. The foot-printe may have been a cunning device to avert suspicion. Heaven for bid that I should accuse him wrongfully,' she added in conclusion, ' bnt everyone has notioed that since it happened, he has been like a man bewitched.' When ehe had left the room I stood for a moment watching the gardener ; then opened the window, and crossed the lawn to his side. He Btood in the same attitude, with a rapt, ecstatic look on his face, as if he were listening to the 'mnsic of the spheres.' He turned towards me as I approached, but did not appear to recognise me till I spoke. ' Day-dreaming again, Underwood F I said. ' It eeema to be a haMt of yours P He passed his band over Ms forehead, as if to rouBe himself, and pushed back hie cap. 'Avery stupid one. I most try to cure myself of it,' he replied with a constrained Bmile. ' What were yon listening to just now ? I asked point-blank. He resumed hia task, and made no reply. 'Why will yon not tell me F ' Because, if I did, yon wonld think me mad.' Delusion ie not necessarily a sign of insanity,' I said after a moment's pauBe. 'Your delusion — if yon have one — may arise from disordered nerves, or ' '1 have no delusion,' he interrupted. 'My Benses are quickened to hear a sound I which is inaudible to others — that's alL' ' What is the sound V I persisted ; bnt again there was no reply. I changed the subject. ' I hear that you have the key of the drawing-room ; please to give it me.' He took it from his pocket at once, and banded it to me, mattering some thing abont not wishiog the things to be meddled with.' 'Nothing need Be moved, fori don't intend to ubb that room,' I replied ; ' bat I shoald prefer to keep the key.' He looked np quickly. Ah ! they have told yoo, I see.' ' Yes, I have been told what happened there,' I assented, looking Mm fail in the fece. He met my eyes steadily, his lips curving in a slow, sardonic smile. ' Perhaps yon know that I was sus- pectea oi tne crime r Unjustly, lam sure,' Implied, speak ing my conviction ; for I conld detect no Bhadow of gnilty consciousness in the man's face : only bitterness and melan choly. ' How can yon be snre of it ! I may be a madman and a murderer for all yon know to the contrary,' he retorted with a short, brusque langb. Then, with one of his sadden changes of manner, be threw down his knife, and turned upon me al most fiercely. ' Does a man destroy what he adores S I worshipped her — I would have died for her. And it was me — me ! they ac cused of taking her innocent life. Fools that they were 1' nt.1, : . l ei - j . _ , « xvu » poooivuauo gesture ui niH cicUCQeu hands he turned from me and limped hurriedly away down the path. I saw no more of him that evening, bnt he oc cupied a large share of iny thoughts, both then -and in the days which followed. His presence seemed to add to the un canny sort of fascination which thp place possessed for. me — something which at once repelled and attracted my imagina- - Hon. Yet if the place were haunted, it seemed hannted by nothing more terrible than the gracious memory of its late tenant, which pervaded eveiy room, like a lingering echo, or a sweet faint perfume, giving it a melancholy and mysterious charm. A fortnight passed away in uneventfiil tranquillity. I took long walks in the pleasant Berkshire lanes ; angled in the stream, Ionnged in the garden, and spent quiet evenings with my books. I had Been nothing more of my land lord (a circumstance which I hardly re gretted), and my only connection with the outer world was through my cheerful and obliging little maid, who bronght my letters and papers every morning, J and regaled me with scraps of village gossip. I should thoroughly have enjoyed this ' lotos-sating' existence bnt for the feeling of languor and depres- ' sion which clung to me. For the first time in my life I was conscious of ' nervi-s.' I felt restless and ill-at-ease, and my sl"-p wa distorted by troubled 'ream from w'lich I w-ike. 'iii the dead j-a-'-j t= 1 -niddie of "or sight, trembling iii' n.-m-ldSM f-ar. <» : ;i| »!-'. I ;'td started a wake ' ! - -n, . ending it :iy -'f ti sleep j « ci«r,«nd ' « low. The -i : ; . f-e !u-iou had i ' -1 -tars, and i Ixt 'J-? h e 4m 4ir«MDf «Ull iht fbhfrwy park beyond. The murmur of running water, scarcely heard by day, was | dis tinctly audible in the silence, and nowjand then a languid breeze charged with; the aromatic odoor which the sleeping earth breathes forth, jnst stirred the leaves and died away. Was it in the magical Still ness of snch a night at this, I wondered, that IiSonie Lestelle had eung her last song — that song which was never finished i Her face rose np before me with strange distinctness, and I seemed to be listening once more to the clear riltery sweet toneB of her exqnirite voice, which had a tender thrill, like the wooing note of a dove. I recollected that when last I heard her sing — it was a private concert at Lady A— — — 'e — ehe had chosen Beethoven's ' Per pieth non dirmi addio!' The words hannted me, their musical syllables setting themselves to the murmur of the breeze and the ripple of the stream. I do not know how long I had been sitting thns when I was ronsed from, my reverie by another sound, coming from the room beneath — the key af which had oeen in my possession since ine aay oi my arrival. It did not at once arrest my attention bnt stole upon me so gradually that I conld not have told at what mo ment I-first heard it. I turned from.the window and listened. Was I dreaming I asked myself bewilderedly, or did I bear the faint sweet tones of a woman's voice ringing the very song which hannted my memory ! I started to my feet, and tor a moment stood transfixed, paralysed, by a fear such as I had never before experienced. Recovering myself by an effort I took np the night lamp and left the room. I coielesaly dscended the stairs, crossed the little tiled entrance hall, and paused outside the door of the closed room. My heart beat fast and quick and a creeping chill stirred the roots of my hair as I stood in the hash of the sleeping honse, listening — to what ? The voice of L&onie; Lestelle. Faint and aerial as the notes af an xEolean harp ; near, yet distant ; sweet beyond words, bnt unutterably sad, it thrilled through the silence, breathing with tender, passionate entreaty : — " Ah, per pieti non dirmi addio !' I for got to feel afraid ; I forgot even to wonder, as I listened with suspended breath to those entrancing notes, and when they ceased I stood, as if spell bound, longing to hear more of the sweet unearthly music. At length, when the silence had lasted some moments, I ventured to open the door. The room was dark and empty, the piano closed. As I stood on the threshold looking round I felt a touch on my arm, and turning with a start, fonnd Underwood at my side. He had been watching me noperceived. He beckoned me into the other room and closed the door before he epoke. His face was flushed ; his eyes glittering with excite ment, and a strange sort of triumph. ' Yon have heard it at last !' he breathed. Yon know now that the sonnd is no ' delusion.' It is her voice that follows me night and day. Oh, my lady, my queen,' he broke off, ' why do you hannt me ? What is it yon want of me i If you would but speak instead of mock ing me with those sweet piteous songs of yours 1 He sank on to a chair near the table, burying hia face in his hands. I set down the lamp and took a seat at bis side. ' When did you first hear it V I asked involuntarily speaking in a whisper. He looked up pushing back the disordered hair from his forehead. \- xxasc summer, ine nrsc time it was but a faint thin sonnd, like a distant echo, but every day it grew clearer and nearer, seeming to float in the air around me. It is not only in the house that I hear it, but out of doors in broad day light as if she were flitting abont the garden singing to herself as she nsed to do. Sometimes she calls me — 'Jacques, Jacques !' aud ber sweet, low laugh fldiindR no fllnne that. T oonV. haln fnrninw half expecting to see her at my side.' I shuddered. ' I wonder yon have kept your senses !' I exclaimed. Do you think I am afraid of it ? No her voice is still to me what it always was, the sweetest sound on this side of heaven. It is only in spring and summer, during the months she lived here, that I hear it,' be continued. 'It ceases at midnight on the first of September ; breaking off in the middle of a snnir — the very song she was singing when — it happened.' I glanced at bis face, and something I saw there confirmed a suspicion which had already occurred to me. ' Underwood,' I said suddenly, leaning forward with mv arms on the table : can yon honestly assure me that you do not know or suspect who took her life i' He looked at me fixedly a momeut, then answered, in a tone of curious com posure : ' I have known all along.' I drew back, and stared at him. ' Then why in heaven's name did yon not speak at the time ?' aa -J aarB ncio wawu ujr a JMUUIIBC. ' Given to whom ? Who bound you to silence V ' She did, with her last breath, that fatal night, when I fonnd her, lying in -the moonlight, with her lite ebbing away from the cruel wound. She saw in my face that I guessed who had struck tile blow, and with all the strength that was left in her she implored —commanded me never to telL It was her husband — for one was marnea, inouga tne woria aia not know it. I have kept the secret so far, but I feel that if Idon't share it with someone, I shall go mad in earnest It is eating my heart away. I dare not break my vow, bnt yon shall know the truth.' " ' From whom f How shall I know it — and when i' He rose and pushed back hie chair, pointed over his shoulder and then bent Ms lips to my ear. ' Watch with me in that room on the night of the first of September, and yon shall learn the secret' Before I could speak - again he was gone. m. The last week of August was stormy and wet Summer took flight hurriedly, scared by the wild.gales and heavy nun which stripped the branches and laid the flowers low- The .green arcades .'of the' park were dank and dripping ; the ennny glades forlorn the - avenues , Carpeted I with, fallen leaves, and . the . tittle river, transformed from a stream to a tprrent, had overflowed lts bjankH, inundating the I-.-. fog away the hand-rails, and some plarikB of Jthe bridge. . ' The tempestnons weather culminated on the first of Semptember. 'Fromdawn till dark the wind blew add the rain fell ' as if they would neverweary butinspite of Both, I.was abroad-all Abe .afternoon, being in a restless, excited mood which' wonld not aUow me to - remain between four-walls. \- The' light of a stormy sunset was fading intdidiirit when I returned ihronghjthe park, tired apd wet,-after a long tramp through unity country ' i lanes. -iAs I emerged . from the y 'plantation which - bordered the stream, I was surprised to see; Sir Philip Banstone, who was standing on the bank, near the bridge. Buttoned up in his ulster he leaned against a smoking, in serene lodifference to wind and rain, with a large black retriever at his feet. The dog started np as I approached, barking violently, and Sir Philip turned. Ah ! good evening, Mr. — a — Wilford,' he said, coming towards me. 1 Atrial weather, isn't it 1 Bnt I see yon defy tne elements, like myself.' T bm tinul nf n ha inner inrinnra ' T : nr. plained. ' I should think so ; yon must : be bored to extinction in that dnll hole, with no company but your own.' ' I am fond of my own company,' 1 said, -smiling. - 1 1 am never-bored -when alone.' Heglancedat me withlangnidcnriosity. 'Really, ffin— I can't. say. as much. I think in yonr place I should be ready to fraternise with Underwood — bear as he is — in default of other sooiety.' 'Underwood and I are very good friends. Sir Philip. I find he improves on acquaintance.' There is room for improvement,' was hie comment, ' By the way,' he continued, knocking the ash from his cigar, 'I shoald very mnch like to know whether he is the sathor of an absurd report which has only lately reached my ears — that The Cedars is hannted. It struck me that it might be an ingenious device of his to keep tenants away.' I shook my head. I am quite sore that he has never told — I mean that be has never spread snch a report.'- He turned and looked at ma ' Yon seem to think there is some truth in it,' he rexarked. I felt no inclination to take Mm into my confidence, and stooped to stroke his dog without replying. 'Am I to conriude from your silence that yon do V he persisted . with an ironical smila ' Come; Mr, Wilford, yon don't mean to tell me that yon, a man of the world, and a lawyer to boot, actually believe in ghosts f ' I hesitated a moment, then looked np. 'I. believe in the evidence of my own senses,' I Baid quietly. ' Yon excite my cariosity,' he sneered. ' What uncanny thing have yon seen, I wonder P ' I have eeen nothing ; it ie a sound which hannte the housa' -A sound ; he repeated, with a quick change of tone. ' What sort of sound V 'A voice,' I said, slowly. 'The voice of the ill -feted girl -who met her death be neath its roof.' The cigar fell from his hand. ' Good heavens !' ' he breathed. ' What do yon mean f It is not ' ' Yes, Sir Philip ; it is tbe voice of L£onle Lestelle. I have heardher singing as plainly as I heard you speak jnst then.' He looked at me blankly, the colour fading from his face, and his dark eyes dilating till they seemed all pupil. Recovering himself, however, he stooped to pick np bis cigar, and burst into a DwIUIUl laugu. 'Preposterous! you must, have been dreaming, or else it is some trick of Underwood's.' ' Could Underwood imitate such a voice as hers i Besides — he has heard it him self It has haunted Mm for tbe last two years.' Sir Philip drew in Ms lips, and was silent a moment. ' That is strange,' he said , at length. 1 Whv shoald ft hannt. him nf all people, unless — 1 he glanced at me signi ficantly — « unless there is some founda tion for the suspicion which still clioga to him." 'I am quite sure there Is none,' I answered, warmly. ' Other people do not share your con viction,' was his reply. ' It is because no one iu the neighbourhood would give him the shelter of a roof that I have allowed him to remain at the cottage. However. he will soon have to find fresh quarters, for I am determined to have the house pulled down. Haunted or not, it is a gloomy, ill-omened place.' And, indeed, it looked 80 at this moment, with the shadows of the stormy twilight gathering around it, and a white mist rising, wraith-like, from the stream. He stared at. it . moodily, pulling the long ends of Ms moustache. ' Where did you hear the — the sound he asked, after a pause. ' In what part of the honse P ' In the room where the tragedy oc curred.' He shivered slightly, and threw away liis holf.fl m nlrorl fioup '"The probability is that you had been thinking of that horrible ' affur, and', imagination did the rest As to Under wood, everyone knows he -is half- mad. : Anyhow, yon will oblige 'me by keeping, the story to yonrself. I will wish yon good evening now,' he continued, glanc ing at his" watch ; 'or, rather, good-bye; for I am going abroad in a few days, and shall probably not see yon again. JoLe bowea witnoac onenng me his band, whistled to his dog, arid walked away. Dusk deepened into dark, and the wind instead of subsiding, seemed to in crease in violence as the night advanced. The fierce, fitful gusts came sweeping down upon the honse; as if bent on un roofing it ; now swelling to a roar which made the walls -vibrate, then dying away in a long eerie wail. Towairds midnight the rain ceased, and the clouds, rent and scattered by the wind, drifted apart like fragments of a torn veil, leaving a space of clev, violet-dark sky, in which the) moon rode serenely. Her-light touched the brimming stream with silver, and flecked the lawn, with fantastic shadows of the tossing trees, giving something of wild poetry to thescehe.1 Underwood and I were In the second hour of onr strange vigil; which so fer, had been uninterrupted. I rat near tbe window ; my cqmpanion on ja low chair at the farther end iff the room,"his elbows on his knees, Me forehead resting on liis bands.; both of tis silent and motionless; The idcm irim unlighted, and butii door I «sd window trere abut. The utmraphsra was close and heavy, and at length, feehng suffocated, I rose and opened ithe long vrindo jidmitting a rash of chill, dampaiiT Fstoofl for a moment looking ont at the wild night, and as I glanced towards the .bridge, I- thought I distinguished a man's figure in the act of crossing it — a figure .which, even at . that distance, eeemed-femiliar. And yet — what conld bring';' Sir Philip -to the place at this untimely hour? I. was still straining my eyes through the shadows, when a movement of' my companion made me turn .hastily from the window. The -moonlight showed me that he ' had riseD, and -Btood, grasping the hack of his chair, gazing with a look of awe-strnck expecta tion towards the door. My heart began to throb with the-same mysterious dread which I had experi enced before. As I held my breath to listen, a front rustling sonnd strnck my ear, like the raft frou-fron' of a woman's -dress It crossed the room from the door to the piano, passing close to me — so close, that I involuntarily drew back, thrilling in every nerve. Then -there was a cause, filled bv wailing wind and.rnshing water, then — . near to us, yet immeasurably distant, like a divine echo from another world, the solemn, spiritual voice arose. This time both words and music were English, and there was a ring of passion- ate pain in its tone which "bronght the tears to my eyes as I listened. All the anguish of a breaking heart seemed to find expression in 'The Song of Love and Death.' " Sweet is true love, tho' given in vain, in vain ; And sweet is death, who puts an end to pain : I know not which is sweeter, no, nocL" In the interval after the first verse I caught the sound of footsteps approaching np the gravel walk, and presently a figure appeared at the window, darkly ontlined against the moonlit background, I had not been mistaken ; it was Sir Philip. Underwood, whose head was turned towards the piano, did not notice, the visitor, nor did the latter appear to perceive that tbe room was occupied. After a momenta hesitation, he poshed back the lace curtains and noiselessly entered — or was abont to enter ; bnt, in the .very, act of cro3siug the threshold, he Stopped short and recoiled, for at the same moment the rang was resumed : "Love, art thou sweet? then bitter death must be : Love, thou art bitter 1 sweet u doath to me. Oh Love, if death be sweeter " There was. a sadden break; a qnick, short, gasping cry. Involuntarily I glanoed towards .the watcher at the window. He stood as if tnrned to stone, and his feoe, livid in the moonlight, looked like a mask of fear. There was a silence of several mo ments — silence within and without, for the fitfnl. wind was hashed. The voice eank to a broken, Inarticulate murmur, and died away in a long, shuddering sigh. Then all was etilL After a moment. Underwood passed bis band over bis eyes,' then turned to speak to me But at the same instant he caught sight ot air Jrniup, ana, witn a hoarse cry of mingled rage and triumph, sprang for wards to the window, and seized him by the throat ' Villain 1 traitor ! murderer !' he uttered, in a breathless 'tone of concen trated passion. ' I have spared you too long. By heaven, you shall not escape me now V Startled by the unexpected attack, Sir Philip staggered backwards and wou'd have fallen, if he bad not caught at one of tbe rustic pillars of the verandah. Recovering himself, however, be shook off his assailant, and casting a wild, panic- stricken glance around, darted a- nrnoa tnA laatn Tho nx1nr>«w vsvoo » " "i AUB gaiucuai UUIIIOU in pursuit, and I mechanically followed, feeling as if all the events of the night were part of a wild and troubled dream. Iu spite of his lameness, Underwood gained on the other, and was close behind him when he reached the gate. Sir Philip quickened his pace and harried over the bridge. But when half-way across it, hi 8 foot caught in one of the loose planks : he stumbled, out out his hand blindly in search of the missing rail, lost liis balance, and fell headlong into the deepest part of tbe stream. I attend s cry of dismay, and dashed on to the bridge, where Underwood was standing, his dark hair disordered by the wind, staring . blankly down at the spot where the baronet had disappeared. The latter rose to the surface some yards below the bridge, straggling help lessly against the headstrong current. The moonlight gleamed for a moment on his white.&ce;, showing the look of terror, and aognish imprinted on it — a look which faanats me stilL ' Underwood !' he gasped ; 'yon can swim— help 1 rave me.' For all reply, the gardener deliberately folded his arms, looking down at him with a dreadful smile. 'Surely you will not let him drown before your eyes !' I exclaimed ; re member, vengeance is not yours. Save him ' 'Notif l could do it by lifting a finger,, was his stern reply. T Rn.vd Tin mnrfl naiysaivino f.tiaf words wonld have no more effect on Mm than tbe wind which was raving above onr heads. I turned, and was harrying - away, in the faint hope of being able to give aid from; -the bank, when, without otherwise changing his position, he pat ont a hand and- grasped my wrist, holding it as in a vice. 'Stay where yon are,' he said, in a stern imperative undertone. It is jnst <iiubu uo ouuiuu pcilou- - a tua iui a iiie i But even as the words passed his lips, his grasp " suddenly relaxed ; he dropped my wrist . and stepped back a pace from me. Glancing at his face I raw in it a change so extraordinary that it arrested my attention even in the midst of my excitement He was gating intently at something which was visible to himself alone, for to me there seemed only air and moonlight .What did he see? What was it that bronght that look of mingled awe and rapture to his .dark face, transfiguring every feature ! He gazed steadily for a moment; then bowed Ms head as if in as sent. 'So be it, dear angel,' he whispered ; i win ao yonr maaiog — it it is not too lata' With ont another word he threw off hia contend plnngedinto the stream. A few vigorous strokes brought him to the spot where the baronet had sunk for a second timaHe dived, and presently reappeared 'supporting him with one muscular arm, while with the other he strnck out for the bink. -But " hie .movements were ioded hElt FMli who dung to Mm with the convulsive energy of a drowning \ mini. . ' If yon value your life, loose my arms ! How can ' I B'wim hampered like this P I heard Underwood cry, as the swift current swept . them on past a turn of -the stream. ' I hnrried along the bank, bnt it wra some moments before I caught j eight of them agaip. The gardener was still struggling in a desperate but in effectual effort - to shake off the - frantic f clasp which was dragging them' both under water. i. As I stood watching them with breath- j less anxiety, a passing cloud veiled the r moon, and for a moment blotted out the | scene. In that brief interval of darkness t a -wild despairing cry rose above the rush- ing of the river and the roaring of the j wind. When the moon looked forth j- again they had sank to rise no more. j The bodies of the two men, still closely ! locked together, were fonnd, entangled in ' water-weeds, some yards lower down the j stream. The account I gave of the accident was confirmed by the condition j of the bridge, and my statement that j Underwood had perished in endeavouring j so. save uis master, causeu a complete i -revulsion of feeling towards die gardener, who had' been shunned as a criminal duringhie life-time, wra honoured aB a j hero after Ms death. j What brought Sir. Philip to the cottage that night remained a mystery to all but myself. Immediately after the inquest I returned to town, feeling no inclination" > to remain in a place hannted by snch terrible associations, I have never re visited Banstone, nor nntil now have I ever disclosed what I know concerning the beautiful but ill-feted tenant of The Cedars. 