THB lináeáttq Ceñirle. TEE F AHME ES' ADVOCATE. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8, 188S. THE Pitt-Town people are bent upon having a railway; ana, it may be asked, why should they not? Well, a good many reasons can be adduced, no doubt, why they should, and a great many more why they should not. As far as personal con venience is concerned, a railway to every man's door would be a most excellent thing -even though it did not pay the cost of oil and cotton waste-and at present we do not see that n line to Pitt-Town would con tribute anything more than indebtedness to the public exchequer. It is fashionable to clamour for railways now-a-days, whether there be a probability of their paying or not-the assumption being that peoples' convenience should be studied before euch common-place affairs as ways and means. Country meifibers of Parliament, country newspapers, and country people generally, oppose, tooth and nail, any attempt to con struct a railway through Sydney- a rail way that would pay haudsonily, and benefit oountry folk as much as city folk-while they petition and interview a Minister until, in a state of mind bordering on madness, he grants their modest request, and con sents to spend a lot of money upon a concern that is quite unnecessary, and which will only help to stop progress in another direction. After people get their light railways, they all at once discover that the locomotive injures trade, and leaves most of those who lived by horse-traffic without employment. We have heard this cry as regards Windsor; and even now, the Camden people say that their light railway or tram- line, or whatever Jackass affair it is, hos been the means of the knocking off of five hundred horses-that is, five hun dred horses were employed on that road to dojthe carrying work of the district more than is required now. This, of course, applies equally as wei', and on a much larger scale, where a railway is constructed between two important towns-say Orange and Forbes, or Mudgee and Wellington, but with this difference, that there is every prospect of the line paying for the cost of construction, while the email tram-line of four or five miles presents no such hopeful features. There ia a far more important principle at stake in this matter ; and it is, that the construction of a light railway on either side of the Hawkesbury is a stroke of very bad policy, inasmuch aB it would bo play ing into the hands of a Government whoso policy is to ignore the existence of rivers that should be made and kept navigable. Where there is a river, which can by a fair outlay of capital and a very small modicum of engineering skill, be rendered navigable, it is, in our opinion, a suicidal and wasteful policy to construct a railway parallel to its general course ; and we contend, a« we have before, that there are no engineering difficulties in the way of making the Hawkesbury an open highway for all the traffic of the valley ; and as for the cost, we contend that if £50,000 were required, it would not be excessive, when we consider the wealth of the district, and what loss of property, and even life, may be averted by the Uiver being treated in an intelligent manner. The maintenance of a navigable stream means the permanent good of the whole district, and not one section only, as the light lines to Sackville or to Pitt-Town mean ; nnd Windsor, not Pitt-Town, is, or should be, undoubtedly, the legitimate hoad of the navigation ; and even though it may be difficult to maintain an open channel to Windsor Bridge, it cannot be shown that any such difficulty exists in carrying all tho produce of the river up South Creek to Fitzroy Bridge. However, no serious at tempt has ever been made to mako the Hawkesbury River what it ought to be, and until there hos, and it has been clearly demonstrated to us by practical men, that there is no help for it-that the river, as a natural highway, is irretrievably damned, «ve shall hold fast to our own opinion. As for the dredge-that was such a ridiculous farce, that even those who swore by it, blush when they are reminded of its so-called failure. Leaving Windsor out of the question; and supposing that the poor old town is virtually cooked-as some seem to wish it to be-without the river traffic, even then we fail to see that Fitt-Town has a ghost of a chanco of becoming the head of the navigation of the Hawkesbury. Minister WRIGHT said-and truly said- that "the lower part of the river could be served by the line now in course of construction." Of course it could, and not only the lower part of the river, but as high as Pitt-Town ; for instead of boats coming up the river with their cargoes they could go down and send their produce to Sydney by the line from Peat's Ferry to market, until such time it may be deemed expedient to connect the Northern line with the Bichmond, Kurrajong and Wallerawang line, by a line across country from Peat's Ferry to Mulgrave-which linc, while being highly advantageous to Newcastle people, should also suit our Pitt-Town friends, as it would, no doubt, come pretty near them. But as this is looking a long way ahead, the moBt sensible thing we -that is all of us in the Hawkesbury Valley- can do, is to make up our minds to the fact that the river is not the dead-and-gone old ditch some people would make it out to be ; and that it is in the interest« of all to see that auch a {rood natura] highway is not neglected and ruined because it happens not to suit the policy of any Government to keep river traffic open to compete with their railways. As we have before said, when it has been shown that the Hawkesbury cannot be made navigable to Windsor Bridge, we shall be glad to join the Pitt-Towners in any movement made to get a district railway that shall ba available aa mach for one as for the other, and which should, undoubtedly, be constructed on their side of the river; but they may rest assured that we shall not lend ourselves to any tight railway or tram-line scheme, which will have the effect of closing the river traffic, and so leave the chief town in the district ont in the cold. If people think it is necessary to form a new centre, and that Pitt-Town should be that centre, let them fire away ; but they may rest assured we shall never fire a shot in that direction or trim our sails to catch that breeze. We trust that is plain enough for everybody to understand ; and it must be remembered that we stand on a broad platform in this matter, having no turn to serve, other than the general welfare of the whole district, quite irrespective of any political clique or party. 