Imminent THE rp.0TE8TANT PRAYER- BOOK. A REVISION of great importance is about to take place, and the revisers in this instance will dare to lay profane hands on the Book of Common Prayer, which was drawn up, printed and published with royal authority, and, was on the same authority, commanded to be used in all the churches of the realm British. This is indeed an age of progress, and not less In spiritual than In temporal affairs. In the former, as in the latter, development is constant and rapid, and what it will bring the seots to no one cares to predict, as their movements are very uncertain. The Universe says:—"Just as we anticipated—just as we foretold only a few weeks back. The rovision of the Protestant Bible is to be followed by the revision of the Protestant Prayer-book. The Bible has been altered so as to suit the palates of modern doubtero and disbelievers, and the Book of Common Prayer must, of oourse, be subjected to the B&me; destructive prooess. AQ address has been published calling upon the members of the widelydisunited Church of England to demand such a revision of the formularies of that Church as will effectually destroy all its remaining Christian peculiarities. The instigators of this address declare that, if the alterations in the Prayer-book, whioh they recommend are not carried out, the downfall of the Church of England cannot be averted. England existed and was prosperous and happy long before the "Reformation" mania was heard of. It is more than probable (hat she will survive the threatened downfall, and become more thoroughly Chris* tian than ever." To keep up the dignity of the Established Church of England, the new Prayer-book should also have royal authority for all it contained, and, as a consequence, her Majesty will have an opportunity of signalising her reign by the performance of an important act as head and defender of the faith, and thus far, altered though the times are, she will be on a level with that Stuart predecessor of hers whose imprimatur is on the Prayer-book which is T> be •condemned. But what will the Biui.itisfcs say to this ? As they alik* scout her supremacy and that of the Pope, and only reoognise the supremacy of an Archbishop of Canterbury, whose theology and letters they reject, they are not likely- to view this new reform movement with much gravity or reBpect. In the Book of Common Prayer they had something to stand on, inasmuch as a little Catholic doctrine and ritual was preserved in it, but the change contemplated will rob them of that justification, and by the later royal authority they will be condemned at aU points. When these things come to pass it will go hard with these poor people. They will lose all right to confession and absolution, all merit for fasting, and they will be liable to inhibition if they do hot accept Gehenna without a definition, and give up hell and eternal punishment as a vulgar error irreconcilable with modern enlightenment, good taste, and manners. SCOTCH AND IRISH SOLDIERS. IT is said in the Some News that "Scotland ia indignant at the slight cast upon the Highland Brigade by Sir Garnet Wolseley in selecting the Royal Irish Regiment for especial mention in his telegraphic account of the fighting at Tel-el-Kebir." We should be sorry to cast any reflection on the bravery of Scotchmen, and it would neither surprise nor hurt us to hear that on any particular occasion they had signally displayed that quality. As soldiers In the English army they have certainly stronger incentives than the IriBh to fight with Intrepidity, and< they need not fear that .in any comparison between the two -nationalities made at the Horse Guards they would suffer. But whilst conceding \- all that they deserve, we can see no good Jreaaon for the complaint in this instance, -«nd must therefore attribute it to a feeling whioh we cannot admire, and should 4>e sorry to imitate. The paper from •''whifth we have quoted, for some reason •HOT other, fans the flame of jealousy in the 'Scotch mind, but fails alike to justify it or to wither the laurels the Irish soldiers gained. It sayB :— All the faots show that the brunt of the fighting fell upon the Sootoh Brigade, and: that, so far as the number of oasualties canbe , taken as-a proof of valour, the Royal Irish i/Sid not disnhguiwh themselves anymore than . several other regimente of whosepart in the 'histiph nothing hafe been heard; Reference a pimmary of the losses in the various "regiments, fanning-.-tits Highland Brigade —hows that the Black^Watoh had eleven killed and forty-two wounded; the Cameronians, 'fourteen MUed and forty-five Wounded; High- °6even^iroiinded; Gtorfon Highlanders, killed and thirty wounded; and the Sutherland Highlanders three wounded Now the two Irish regiments engaged had only five killed and forty-nine wounded, BO that, excepting the /Sutherland Highlanders, thej had fewer casualties than any single Sootck regiment. In his detailed despatch Sir Gurnet certainly gave the Highland Brigade the credit they deserved, but he did not in the least qualify what he had previously telegraphed regarding the Irishmen, so that some bitterness still remains. North of the Tweed the Press haB protested against the manner in which the services of their countrymen were overlooked, and in one paper a statistical return has been published showing that in the Crimean war the losses of the Scotch regiments were greater than those Of England or Ireland in proportion to the population of the three countries. As we have admitted the gallantry of Scotch troops, it cannot be said that we are actuated by unworthy prejudices in declining to accept these explanations. The conditions are numerous under which greater losses could not be accepted as proofs of surpassing bravery. The nature of the service might have much to do with it, also the circumstances under which the attack was made or sustained. The number of the opposing foroe, their position, or the duration , of the engagement, would also count for something in the calculation. Again, if on equal terms a comparison were made between two regiments, it might have happened that one with superior physical powers more readily overpowered the enemy, fend so sustained much Idas loss thati the other regiment which was not so strong in that respect. The number of ; casualties go for nothing as a factor in the comparison, and if the Scotch have nothing else to ustify their insinuation of favouritism, they had better, for their wn credit, have never made it. If no mention had been made of the conspicuous part the Irish soldiers played, the liisb .would not have been wounded by thaF silence, nor would they have displayed the slightest jealousy or annoyance if their English and Scotch comrades had been praised ever so ighly. Nor would it have occurred to them that the bravery characteristic of their race had been wanting on the ccasion. Their reputation lb too well stablished to be injured by trifles. His Grace. the Arch- OKTJELTY TO bishop of Cashel, ae- ANIMAL8. lusted by humane feelings worthy of his sacred character and exalted position, respectfully suggested that her Majesty should remonstrate with her English subjects on their cruel tr fo animals. In that respect matters v„ t \ bad when the suggestion waB made, and they have ? ln ? 8 gone from bad to wors8 - Take, for nc 'r e t e 0rueltie8 ' perpetrated in J 0Vfimbe ? r T > with reference to which the Nation says:— The latest return of the London Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals shows that the work cif cruelly illtreating dumb animals in England continues to be pursued with unabated vigour. It tells of no leas than 370 oonviotions having been obtained under Martin's Act in that'country last month by the exertions of the officers of the society alone and without the aid of the police; and amongst the offences thus brought under the cognisaboe of the legal tlribiirials were such brutal pnesas dockiidg the tail of a horse, breaking the tail' of a o6w, beating and stabbing calves, burying pigs alive, and throwing a dog on a fire, The worst of it {s that even the energetic Motion oi the London Royal Society seems to have no'eftect whatever in putting a stop to those "fine old English customs." "It is only when outrages on dumb animals occur in Ireland, Or in any other foreign country, that the British want such crimes put down with a strong' hand. In these remarks our Dublin ''contemporary displays a slight feeling of resentment, such as the philanthropist 'should not entertain. On higher grounds than as a vindication the shocking revelation should receive the anxious consideration of every humanitarian and Christian. It does not justify houghiujf in Ireland that pigs are burled alive in England* and live dogs ore there thrown on the fifce. It tells in the one case, as in the othef; that in the midst 'of civilisation, and where the aids of religion are. numerous, and at every one's door, there pre people more barbarous and cruel in their natures than unredeemed savages. It is necessary in this case that we should get nd of national prejudices, 'abjure hypocrisy, audlay the festeringtsores bare'to view, truthfully -with regard to their number and th^ blackness of their character; and that we should then where it is mosfcneeied. lhat is the order of proceeding to whifch every true lmmanitarian wolSf leel 'him- • Prompted, ajtf if England, as should be : the oase,, waa ihe first to iecdTO ns attentionthat of MB elawjlrab-' men rtotrtd really have no just ^ounds! iLSwfe'iv Though weiotoaelves aeeply'regtet that a lew cases of hough-; tag 4id o6Cttr in Irfeland wheh'lfce people there were under th% i exbltcimbnt' of a great national movement, and classes were bitterly at war with eaoh other, and should be sorry to hear of a repetition of these outrages, we could not, with justioe, object to England receiving the earliest attention of the humanitarians and of the press. Her greater necessities establish a broad and strong claim, in thO way of which no mere national considerations should be allowed to stand. We, at least, are above all considerations of the kind. We readily acknowledge England's prior and weightier claims in matters of this kind. IN another THE HIBERNI A.N - AUS- column we TRALASIAN CATHOLIC publish a document signed BENEFIT SOCIETY. by the pffioers of the Walpawa branch of the society in New Zealand, complaining of the treatment that branch has received from the Executive Directory. From this and similar complaints which have appeared in our columns it Is very evident that there is a wide-spread dissatisfaction with the oondUct of the officers of this portion of the society. As no reply has been made to these complaints, it may be fairly assumed that they are not groundless, and that the officers have really been negligent in conducting the affairB of the society. Instead of extending its usefulness, as they might have done had they given proper attention to their duties, they have, through their default in that respect, impeded its progress. On the case as stated their conduct does certainly seem most reprehensible, for there is strong evidence from several independent sources that the affairs of the society have been conducted in a very IOOBB manner indeed. The members of the society are not free from blame for permitting its rules to have been violated or ignored, as must have been the case in many instances. ': There are grounds for more than a suspicion that personal friendship has prevailed, to the detriment of the society. Another serious question the society will have to face daring the present year is its financial position. The Friendly Societies Act provides that every five years a valuation of the asBets and liabilities of each society registered under the Act shall be made by a proper valuator. ThiB Valuation of the Hibernian-Australasian Catholic Benefit Society's assets will have to be made this year, and the report of the valuer is anxiouBly awaited by the thinking portion of its members. If the members as a whole wish that the society should oocupy a sound and high position, they Bhould take more interest in its working, and not allow any officer to make it his convenience. Above all, they should see that the laws are carried out in a strictly impartial manner, and not allow these to be over-ridden on any plea whatever. If the officers see that the members are indifferent they become indifferent, and then inevitably follow he irregularities of which complaint Is once again made in the protest to which we refer. ME. PATTERSON and THE NEW the faction into whose SOUTH WALES arms he has thrown ELECTIONS. himself, from high patriotic motives, have something to learn from the general elections in New South Wales. To profit fully from the lesson these teach, the Orangemen of Victoria iand their fugleman sfaonld first of all give a few moments' calm consideration to th'6 position their brethren in the sititer colony occupied, and to the power they exercised In political and olvio matters. . They should next reflect upon the means by which that Influence was acquirea and exeroised, and thoroughly realise to themselves that bigotry and Intolerance were the motive power, andthat the machinery may be fitly described as ways that were both dark and dirty. ' Then, if our Victorian Orangemen aire not as obtuse as other fanatics, they may derive much profit from the defeat of Parkes, Renwlck, Watson, and Forster, and from the return of Oliffe and O'Connor for South and West Sydney respectively at the head' of the polL We have no wish to rub salt into the green wounds of Patterson: and Co. of the Protestant Hall, and it is therefore for theinformatlonof ourreaders that we go into a few particulars on the subject. Parkes' and Ills oolleagdfes fought; on the Orange ticket, and the Pceklerj himself would nofc hbve beenT&ttttied;! for Tenterfield in a' ftfrfighfc The electors were. /Mbdn by aarprlse, and through that' trick the Kiama ghost man ;go£;, fs3at; ; Oliffe and O'Connor, who V weiie. ^Amphantly *e turned - for metro^Utan; ,0O^Ut^e&oles;," are CathoUos. w^ibvrftqg^ther, four of 1 the defeat^,:illi!M!gydim ...MS without eats. Gatholios ©either^ $id nor .could , do •HUB,!: aCbeelaughterwas the work -of; Liberal Protestant8, who ware sick and tired of Orange «ggresnon«rad dictation. jtWae thewguit®f'm'.reaction in the' pnblife aiind" «gpinst-tlie truoulence ! and bigotry of an intolerant faction who would, if not crushed, keep the community divided into hostile camps and would be the means of poisoning the political atmosphere and corrupting pub-* lie life. Honest liberal men, who could not but confess to themselves that Rome had no more to do with Australian politics than the inhabitants of the moon and who reBpected their fellow-men for good qualities regardless of the altar at which they knelt, revolted at the tyranny the Orange Lodge was exercising, and swept it and its bigotry before them at the general eleotibns in New South Wales. Liberal Protestants in Victoria are quite capable of doing exactly the same thing. 