TALES & SKETCHES. NO FICTION. In tlie ciirriht number of Macmillan s Maga tine; under tlie above, title, appears, the l""0.*-;. Ins singular narrative' ty a cler^nian. of the ';-.'Chufch of England; for whose bona jW« ;the .''editor'vouchee:— . , v .. ■ Karlv in January, 1S79, clerical duty; called' ' • me into the' north-west of England. In. the (midst of a heavy fall of snow, my. family and I '' took'possessiop of the official residencc prbnded1 'iforus/. , It was an old stone house of one story ; " roofed,'.in part with ancient stono slabs, in part I ' with modern slates, and standing'.io a garden .bare of trees. A wide'passage ran back, from / ' the entrance towards the kitchen, where there *'were two doors; the one leading into the yard, the other into the larder, which was, in .fact, a .roomy cellar at the foot of a flight of very old '' stone steps. The Ave bedrooms all opened on 1 a square landing.. 'How about the roof?11 asked of the man in '- charge.- ; 'All right, sir;everything has been carefully . sees to; and, when the thaw comes, l'Jl warrant you'll not be troubled, anyihing to matter.' ' ; In a few days we had shaken down; and the verdict on bur new homo was/ 'Not grand, but .'decidedly cosy.' A tall, solid; fleshy, rosy young woman had • undertaken to be our one servant. Sparing of words was she, but not sparing of work. ^ ; 1 , .' * The incarnation of stupidity and stolidity,' said my son Primus. 'The Tery thing for us,' said his mother. ; This girl's name being Still well, soon became .'corrupted into Stillwater; or, for short, Still. : It was splendid skating weather. Tlie low lving meadows were flooded to the depth of a u foot or more, and one glided along over acres ' of smooth, green transparent icc. Every day r we sallied forth, my three bojs, their sister aud I, to take our fiU of enjoyment in this icy paradise; coming back to bask all the evening ' before the bright golden sunshine and the silvery ashes of a north country c^al fire. My wife has the weak habit of going to 'tuck up * her boys after they are in bed. One night, their voices soucded so angry, that she ran up in haste, to see what was wrong. On entering . the room, she found the two elder boys, sitting .'up in. bed, hurling injurious and derisive ''epithets at some person or persons unknown, • ' Heb me just find out who you are," and you'll get such a jolly good licking as you'lL re* ' member,' announced Primus, gsrip© wrathfullj "at the ceiling. / _ ; { ** 'Oh, you blooming idiot! T wish I'd your " boots." I'd throw them at your head. -J Be off J \l*m taking a'eight at you,' shouted*.Hccundus, 'hose and fingers iip, turned in' this .same, direc ;tion:;f' . ' . ■ , : | 'Areyou botif' mad?* inquired the stern. maternal voice.1' ' 1.'-* ./ I 'It's thst fe low, - mother,' that" I told yoi 'about/ He's on the roof again/ Just listen t<J the row he makes.' . • t 'Nonsense,' said his mother; but/she .stood listening fpr.some time. j 'Oh, you coward!' " .; j r 'Ah, you funk!* procetded from the'two -beds. Not a sound above. j * ' I have heard no row on the roof,' remarked ' mother, with dignifled emphasis; and,. having' • performed the usual ceremony, she departed; • and came and told me of the whole affair, con-: • eluding with, 'I wonder if it can he rats' I. 1 Not a doubt of it/ \- • Next morning the boys were fnll of . their! noefcornd visitor; and declared that/no sooner, -had'-the drawing-room door shut,' than 'the; scrambling and trampling begau'agaio; '" j • ' History tells'of a certain cat who Svbre top ; boots/but I never heard of ra's adopting' the fashion,'I remarked. : • i/'-'NaU,'father! why we know the,sound'of ■ them well enough. And they run between the ceiling and the roof. But this isnnmistakedble •boots, with plenty of h ibniil# in them/ too/ on! the outeide of the roof. Wo expected everjl -moment to see the fellow's legs come through! I •plaster and all. I think I may be permitted to' ■ • speak with authority on the subject of boots! • and roofs in conjunction' . • > , • - ; * He certainly mighty for he had perambulated • the roofs of all the outhouses at S- , to the! . great detriment of tiles asd slates.. / * j i' ' Well, then,* continued Primus, with the air; of an adept. ' I am so sure it was a boy of my •size in hob-nailed boots, that I feci as if I had; • seen them. I could swear to them.' • i \- "*.Come out and have a lo>k,' .was my reply. ' There lay the white mantle, • smooth and! glistening in the sunshine, and untrodden by so much as the foot of a torn cat. • ) The boys looked at each other in amazement': • I don't carc,' said Secandns, defiantly, 'I Ehall always believe it was a boy.' . j '• ' JVa tfie rummieit thing I erer knew,' • slowly remarked Primus. ' ' If Boots csmes again, tlie only thing you' have to do is to wish him a good-night, and' to' corer up your ears,' was my recommendation. ' That evening, just as we were about to begin' pnyers. we were all startled by some tremen-; dous blow# on the cellar door. My wife, think-) ing there mnit be some one at the bade door, told Stillwater to go and see who could be! knock'ngin that outrageous way. I he girl did not stir. After a moment she; said, ' It's the cellar door.' . — . 'Impossible?' said her mistre^, 'go quickly' and see what It i#.' We heard the unlocking and rclocking of the yard dow. When the girl came back, she said' there waa ro one there; Presently; while ) was reading) tlitfre'came more loud blows, aa if itrcck. by a-h-avy fist, and unmistaVeably against the cellar door. When prayers were endexl, we went to make, acquaintance with our mysterious c%pijvo« On : opening t he door, there" was nothing to he seen I hut tlie flight? of steps. My wife ar.d I exchanged glances which said j very plainly, 'A sweetheart' So, as the youth appeared shy, I gire hiui en encouraging in;' Vitition to dome forth an'd.show. Himself. "No reply. , ■{ . f I ♦; / -'I'ain determined to ^hdw who'-youkare, said I, nobly pluffgtng'into'tke abyss, the boys at my liecls. . Nothing whatever to be seon^nnd nofc'ft corner -in" which * any tiling bigger -than a r mouse cbuld,;bide.The-Window? '^3t""was !tightly'!clos^ Jup for^tbo 'xrinterV'^arid'was, : besides,*- blocked with snow.' wasr certainly myetiQcd; bub-'I sent' the young ones1 to bed iriih an assurance'tiiat irind,; in an'old hotisq, "was capablo bf-making the"moat extraordinary noUes;.1 and/in illustration? wc"all *' in'turn shook the door; not, however; producing "any* thing like the previous effect. Vl i"* *>x- 'il } *• 'It must have'.been at the'hack'door/ said 'my. wife, with a searching loik1 at Stillwater? j | No; it's the cellar <jpof thkfc does it,* replied ; tlie girl?,:vJ 1 : 'How ean'it make that noise of itself ?'*' \- *1 don't know.*'- *; '' 1 '5 jir'Didyou ever hear it before?*''- j1' 4 ' Yes; this evenhig, when Mi?s'was at the : piano.' • r M* s « ; VTe decided that we must.watch Stillwater." ; : - - In the course of the higlit, we" were awokbby the* agreeable sound. of 'Drip) drip; drip,' in one corner of the. room.: My wife rpiit a basin beneath, with a towel init, to deaden the sound. 4 Presently 4 drip/ drip,' again,*, just outside the door/ which we always kept open;':\ l! r r ? ' There's a sudden thaw, and we're in for it,' sridT, 'Let's go' to sleep?-' It won't hurt the floorcloth;* : ' ; -v ' . Butthere was nogoing to sleep; for the drip came faster than over, until it: increased to' a lifcTe stream; There were no matches'ur the room; but I managed to find my batlf;and to set'it, with a blanket inside it, und-r* tlie spot whence tlie sound came. ; £ "" ' - . '*. When? at breakfast, I .-announced the sad news of the s-dden thaw, there was a" chorus of exclamations; '"Why 1 everything is'as hard as iron,' Ac.,' Ac."' 1 1 Tlie mother; meanwhile,: was directing her handmaiden; to dry up the water*.which had comb in during "the night? The" girl-stored. VTben she earn* into the room again, ?hbr mistress ajkedher what she had done with the wet blanket, " She stared'more expressively, and was mute. r : . - -..'y*^ : 'Don'tyou understand ?' ' v • 5 >T;: " Vi J * \ .'Yes, mi'am.'But there is no' wot blanket; and no water to wipe up.' \:Z: -Upstairs went mistress'and sezrant; and,'in two'minutes, back came my "wife, looting quite bewildered.* • ' ' -r ' ' ; *-* * 'There*s not a trace of water anywhere,' said she' and yet;? after you were ?asleep,T heard it drip fast upon the counterpane/ just at, my feet'1* '"■ * * '/* : 7, - ; j * Our delighted offspring settled it that mother .had been (Ire'amingf and *Primus irreverently I hinted that! hod generously lent my' both; ih order to escape my morning's shudder. . • ' I * When'Teitius was* being tucked up that nighty he asked, * Who '.was - that person who came and looked at mc! after1 I 'was^in bed?1 "■T r" ■ \ - * 'Stillwater, I suppose.'?*' ; • •' OH! no; - It was an old woman?: and she had a funny cap on? ' You dreamed lier, dear? . r •, p j ' But I hadn't been' to'jleep. "'Aiid I turned my. head to the wall,' and* when I looked for bcr again she bad gone, away? ' . *5 ' . * ~ .' '• ^ You mustliave been half 'asleepT'" Now go to sleep quile; and finish the drcaai? v ; '/ The next higlit Primus'began— ; : Mother, I'wish you would tell that old party not* to1 come into' hiy room* without knock ing? I Iiad just1 got into* bed, 'happened "to glance across to the drawers, and there'site stood coolly looking 'afc me. I was disgusted? ind turned^my back 'upon her. Presently;11 looked out of the toil of mj cjc,t6slic what she was dom?; but slie'd cut.' ~v": '.You don't kiiow who'it was ?' * ' ' No. She look *d like one of the charwoman —Boots's mother,'! dare say. These people are cool enough for anything*? ? My wife ctlled to Stillwater, to ask if * Mrs? ;Brown cr Mrs." Jones had been in that evening; ihe Was answered that no oho Had been?1 'Then you must have been.half asleep, 'ilthbugh'rjqa did not .know it; and 3iavo: drcimtd?" r 'Yes?' I "suppose so. But it 'seemed vcry reaL At anyrate, I'm half asleep now,' mur mured Primus. * Night after night wc wora roused by the voice of this or that child Their mother always went to them, and always found them deeping peacefully;. though,' a minute before, there, had been sobbing and Tuoaning. It was bitterly cold ard I persuaded her not to go at the first call. ' Thou there was whimpe'ing on the stair3. ^ ' . One.night, .we had both been lying awake fer some time, listening to what seemed like cautious steps, first on the landing, and then in "our own room itso'f. Wc liad tried to per suade ourselves tliat it might be mice But no; there were distinct steps, as of apersbn walking. Yet, though wo followed the sound with our eyes, we jaw nothing. Suddenly, there was » howl of anguish, like the cry of a large animal in pain. It thrilled us with horror, for it came trora our daughters' room, though it was not possible for it to be their voices. When we riached their bedside, they were calmly sleep ing ; and were not even roused bv our entrance with the light. ^ I made quiet observations next day, both inside and outside the house. ' • If you }>lcase, mn'am. mny I have iny sister to sleep with ine?1 said Stillwater to her mis tresx ' Are you afraid to sleep alone ?' 4 No I'ui not afraid.' 'Then why do you wish it?' ' No answer- only a very eirne*t look. : 1 Why, Stillwell, you look as if you had seeD a ghost,' said her mistress, laughingly. • Vcs, ma'am, I have? she replied, very quietly. ' . 'An! what did it look like?' 'IikcMrs.'X—, just as she was of after noon*? Come, corac! she ought to have been all in white, you know? No. slie was not in wliito. .She had, on tho samo sort of cap she always wore, andtlio sauio | dress and wliilo apron.' . ' I liopoTon asked her whntsho .wonted. . '< No.fina'a'ai; I,lay still and looked atjhor« I and.tKen I sat up. aiid looked at hor hard; anfl I nrcscntly I could not(seother.._. ■ '■ i \- • ' It was no douht a dream, and yon will pro bably never have sucli.another.' ' • N6,1 am'suro'it,wis not adrcaiu.. Besides, I have Men her twico .before, when I was, walk in® about.',v '• "* Out of doors ....i t^ •' • No, mi'u'rn ;,ih" the house,. ,Ono. afternoon, {owirds dualc, slio' camo. and looked,at ,mo thrduffh'the windo^./ I; wondered;how.;riie :could be there, and I lookedat ;her .for a , good little time.*,'V 5 i' . ''Andttieu And tlien siio-Vas. .there.And .Iwcnt to tlio window and looked /out,, but, ahor was was the,;USO of agoing'to :the window, Vrhon youknew'sbe .was.dead X' don't know. 8lio looked just as if stie.wa's alive. •Thoothertimo, I was kneoling down on tlio rug, making your fire burn up.She passed straight before, me.' -J ' ■%\\*Oh! nonsense./.. She would baro,set. fire to her clothes? . "V,';'.'' ' She looked injured, but quietly persisted— ' She did, hia'am.. She passed straight bo fcwecnine and the fire.', .. .1 • » : 'llow could alio do that ?.; ;Heally, Still, for a sensible young, woman,;'you are very full of fancies? '.r. , • v;-v:^ 'It was ,not a fancy, either of-tlio times, ma'am, I did soo her, I did indoed. I hope you'will believe ine.V • . S. . « ' Yes j I cjuite beliovo thatyoutliink you saw >Irs%X—. ' You may ; have your ;sister to sleep with you.' - ; Now it is riot a pleasant thing, for ! any .man, still less for one of iny profession, to. confess that.ho has felt; 1 creppy.V on/account of certain inexplicable sounds. / But, asthis is a perfectly true account,.T am .compelled to. acknowledge that it happened to me again and again, during the.'.time, of; my;'dwelling in tlio Old .Lodge, And I also declare that my/wife and,.I . were perfectly well in health; and that we had never before been the victims, of. similar, .terrors. Furthermore, though we spoke, of the noises^ we,: at first, ,abstained, from mentioning ;our sensations to each othor. • • ; "• After an;hour's sleop, .I would be;aroused; as if at tlici command of some .person, .unseen , indeed, but cortiinly in the room.. Then a I smell something, ray, a marble, weuld.be gently dropped, more than onco, on the carpet, close at. my bedsidosometimes on the floor cloth, 1 just outside the open door. Then the marble 1 would bo gently ro led on the, boards of tho room, and up against tho skirting board. ' It was an immense relief when, one night, we | encountered each other's eyes as we lay listen- 1 ing, and both made a clean breast of our terrors Yes, nothing short of that word will do.' "We agreed tlist the first sufferer should wake' the other. But my wifo found it not always possible to carry out this determination; • • What did you hear ?' I asked hor onco.' j ' Tho chest of drawers was dragged over the floor,' she replied. 'lam thankful -you spoke to me, for I have for some time been* trying to wako you, but was not allowed.- In fact, I have been kept perfectly motionless.' * • '' j I had heard precisely tbe same sound, yet th? 'drawers did not appear to have been actually moved. The sounds were so distinct tha'-'-we always connected them with somo special article. Now it was the chair or the towel-horse tlmt was inovcd. 'Now, it was the loud snapping of a thick stick in the hall.: Nqw, it was a -.viohnt blow on the hall table, struck , as if with my own walking stick, which I remembered to. have left there, and which I found there in tho morning- Ooce, the heaviest bookr on my writing table appeared to1 be dropped, as if from the height of a man, on the 'floor-cloth in the hall. Then a smaller one#. I always * myr self shut the doors of tlio 100ms leading: into thehalL • : * , * " . - Of course, I trie 1 in. every way to account for tho mystery ;'bufr, aftcra time, I could only resign myself to lio awake and wonder. ?Iho nights wcro bitterly cold. On one occasion, when there liad been a persistent dropping of nuts in a corner of the room, I jumped., up in! desperation, and field tbe light' close to tho spot. In a second, the sound was behind me I whisked round, but—tapping to the right of me, tapping to left of me, tapping in every direction, without a seconds intermission. No saoner did 'X look towards one spot than the dropping of nuts was at tho other end of the room. It was as if some mischievous elf were enjoying himself at my expense. Our boys had gone to spend a day or two with some friends; and their mother, not liking the look of the empty room; had clonal the door in passing; giviug it a push, to make sure that it was fast. Thatjiight /wb heard tbo door shut with a tremendous bang. Even hod it been left open, there was no wind to move it. ' Another night, when we had been awakened in the usual way, there was uu agreeable variety in the entertainment. A delicate ilute-liko sound proceeded from tho closed dining room. Again and again, a distinct and long sustained musical note, as of some small pipe. Then tlio fifth of that note, then tho octave, repeated many times j then the seventh a»ul octave, orcr and uvcrnguin. Wo were greatly puzzled. Tlio piano \m not in that room. And tho sound certainly suggested a wind instrument of sweet tone. I went down early next morning, and founcl to my surprise, a concertina lying on a table. I lifted the handle, and there came forth a long drawn note, the very note 1 had beard in the nicht. My wife called oultoiiK1 from upstairs, 4 That's it! that's it! What is it-?' Without attempting to disentangle her epcech, I field up the conccrtinu. *0h! that is i'hiVa. He mu«t have left it behind. . But it was the very uote ; there is no doubt of it.' We locked the tiling up in its box, and put it inside a bookcaseand next night., wo wors treated to a repetition of the musical notes, only rauflled,. J- r'i . "ii ItjWas not only during .tho- night that .the' .■noises.were heard.*For.'insiunco; I was, rest ing, by.thofading.aftornoon light, .when n chair on,tho. other side of the room seemed to he re : uioved.from its' place; .so, that I - instinctively turned my hoad.to eeo who had, entered the .room. i: Again, I was'about,,to-go down tlio cellar.steps, in the afternoon, when I hoard .a heavy pickling pan dragged along tho atone floor below;,- I quife thought some one was down thoro; .'but, ns usual, thore was' no one ,to bo seen, and the pan was in its place. ■ , , , .: At oleven o'clock a.m.. my wife and Still wero on tlio.: landing. The girl was. telling her mistress that sho had heard Mrs. X —-'s Toico the evening- before. Hor'mistrcss told her she I was giving way to. fancies. . ,. ■ j ...: i VBut.Mary Jones hoard it too. : Sho had just brought in the oggs, aod.stood listening to tlio . singing in tho drawing room. Then I hoard Mrs.X-——'s angry voice again, on tho stairs, | .and Alary said, " Who's shouting ? "r I said I | didn't know, and she said, "It miist be tho missis. Lor! how angry slio is to holler like that. dDoesn't she like 'em to sing? " ': i,r - In an old house like this,' began myiwife, ' there*may be many.noiecs caused by— ..Suddenly, a noiso, as if a sbowor of small pieces of the ceiling came down sharply on tlio floor cloth, caused mistress and maid to start back in affright, and involuntarily to look up. There was not a crack to be som Then tho two pnirs of eyes searched the floor in every direction; theirownerscautiouslyslandingwitl. in the shelter of two doorways, ffot a morsel'of any kind could thoy discover. . ' What was that, ma'am ?' inquired Stillwater, ; fixing her slcopy gaze on her mistress. r-,)i 'I cannot tell,' was the only. reply, that occurred to that intelligent lady. r > One morning, the postbrought'me orders' to ■ ' more on.' J ustcud of > grumbling, I hailed them with delight. For wo seldom got a decent night's > rest, and my wife's. nerves were" begin ning to bo weakened by the constant > strain upon them.. • y. -l . ■ n ,;:The Old Lodge had beon for - yeara in the charge, of Mrs. X—r—, who bad homo tbo character of a highly respectable old lady, with the drawbacks of being, somewhat, misan thropical nnd very avaricious. • I am perfectly aware of tho ridiculo with which stories of this nature arc generally re ceived. I can only repeat that I bovo related ah absolutely truo experience, for which I am utterly unable to account. I havo no theory on the subject. I have have always felt a strong distaste for so-called Spiritualism. I perceive the inconsequence and oven childishness of, my story; and yet it will alwajs remain to. tho storyteller a serious fact. 