Sftetcfoer. IN THE DEATH STATION. FBOH THE EE COLLECTIONS OF A 6IBEEIAN FTJOITIVE. I sin lived four years as exile in Siberia, "in the vQlajge of Balachoa, when one night the oppprtomty came to escape with the horse and sleigh belonging to the inspector of the exiles, I flew out of the village and all night long through solitary plains of snow without stopping. As dawn approached I saw a village on my right, but fearing recognition and capture I went an across the endless wastes of snoft, after pausing down in a ravine to feed my horse and strengthen myself with brandy. On I, jvent, the whole day without having seen a Bingle human being. Toward night my horse grew weary and soon could only walk. At last he stood still, . panting heavily. I was uneasy, for I feared if I remained quiet there on the plain, I might be Hurprised either by wolves or by the innumerable tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, *,! did' not know in what direction I had '^•aaeyed dnrfng the last lours, for I might \ateTfrproachod the place I started from, xor Ssaoincas iu any case, I drew out two revMveriV also stolen from our inspector, cnWrgbd each barrel with ball and laid them bot«> before me. After my horse had stood awhile and eaten snow/ he showed readiness to proceed. But whither 1' I did not know, and left it to the horse to go where he would. As soon as he felt this loose rein he turned at once to tbe left and wait off in a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darker till at last I could scarcely see a step before me. But the horse seemed to trooe something, for be pointed, his ears continually and looked steadily before him. I also was watchful, and standing np in the sleigh, gazed straight ahead- But I saw and heard nothing, and was about to ait down again when I suddenly perceived a point of light in the distance. My hirsealso saw it and trotted faster forward. Ibis.light might come from a farmhoooe window, bot it might also came from a fire built by wanderers in the snowy desert. "Be it what it may," laaid to myself, " most, get root of this nncertain situation thotigh iaHinwiflirobbeiw." a f b r p d t s i c e b d t in • the picture presented to my view. But this scene was so frightful that my biood curdled in my. .veins, ;iny'Jiair ^ose on end and a cold sweathroke put on tpf broy. , The whcJeinteriorof t|ie bnilding was fillec with stnpk? rtuch rose frotna bnrniqg pile of logs in" tha «entre. ,BoBn^ this iSre sat three men whose -faces had a fantastic look in the red glow, of the Are,. Near %.hurth, in the looBe boards if Jhe.&jor.; a.gtjeat opening was, visible, from iiimen, one alter another, soon cami <oat, and L each bore a stiflened human corpse 1 ' The bodies were wrapped only in linen, and were ^ chalk-whito from frost. The hpareis wpre peasants' dress, and. 'were robust fallows witn rotigh, jqpulsive faoei. Two of the men sitting round the fir® were Pressed in city ^clothes, while the third appeared like a .batcher;' Jne wore ;a blue apron, had . his sleeves rblled^up.flnd held,,a great knife in his hand. When the six peasants, entered with their dreadful burden, the three stepped back from the fire, «nd the Bix oorpBes were put in their place, erect roUBd the pile of logs like candles 1 •while _. . gathered. I distinguished among them tpur men, a,woman and. a hoy.. -One of the male' corpses had ft heard of extraordinary length. When the bodiww^re somewhat thawed they were taken by the peasants from the fire and laid on the floor on the outspread linen.' At the game, moment the "butcher" went np to the corpses with'his great knife and thrust it deep in. the abdomen of the one nearest him. • I could not explain to myself the meaning of this whole soene. I simply stared, and saw how with almost indifference the "butcher" ripped open the abdomen, iook oat the inaides, carved, divided, and showed to the city dressed men, and then tbrnst again into the body belonging to ^ them.. I had often m my life witnessed terrible events, hut what I saw .'here went beyond all human conception, It seemed to be that all this was more alantasy.of my wearied brain thana jBSlity. ^ 'remembered.how authors of horrible tales .after presenting attain of imossible, unhealed of oocurrenoes and exniting the reader's cariosity to the highest degree, uddenly broke cB urath the simple sentence: I walked np,.'the bright sunshine, etc. 11 What appened in romances might be in reality. ' ubbed my eyes, looked, tried to collect my houghts, no vain 11 did not sleep, I saw, I ieard,I breathed 1 Before me the wall of the awful building, blackened by the eternal storms; near me my tethered horse, and my sleigh; all about me a "boundless waste of snow; above me the sullen, clonded Siberianheavens. What should I do? I thought to myself. Should I fly? But where? Or should I penetrate into the honse and shoot down these desecrators of the dead? Terrified, bennmbed, I stood thereJialf dead and did not'blow what to decide apon. At lastlconcluded te abandon this onlocky post of observation. I wanted to • steel softly to my sleigh again and run np and down, but my feet refused to serve me. I tried to scream opt; my voice died in my throat. An impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts, paralyzed my will. I already began to donbt the correctness of my judgment. I oonld not understand who I was, who these dreadful people were, w'hat was the object of •heir terrible doings. Finally the moment came, tiie one moment in my life when I began to believe in a supernatural world, in ghosts or mystic sorcery. But this moment did not lBBt long. Tlien, as I, so perpkxed,mused and stared wi thin, Isuddenly felt someone from behind seize me by my fur collar and roar fearfolly at me. Xiike a'bn&en; straw I dropped Ithout a sound and knew no more that h&ppehed-tp;^ne. ; When I recovered my conscioumess and opened ,my eyes, I lay in the snow while the two men in city dptbas rubbed my forehead with Bnow and tried to revive and encourage me. : " Touare frightonad, my friend," one of them saidto me. "Do "not fear; wewill donotbing to you. We are doctors and here only in the discharge of our duty." "YCB—bat the corpses." I could scarcely utter the words. " The corpses, brother," one of the men replied, "are of the peasants in this region who died of cholera, and here in the Death Station we have dissected them.' By accident you witnessed the most repugnant work of our office, finch a soen$. is offensive to anyone, but most so to those who have never before eehit. If it is agreeable to you to travel with, s to the next post-station, it will give ns great leasure," .concluded the amiable doctor. But I thanked him for his invitation, leaded a pressing business journey, climbed hen with thc assistance of both dootors into ty sleigh, and rode swift as, an arrow off and way. I breathed freely when I felt myself lone again on the plains, but I was long ^ gitated by what I had.seen in the Jjonely eath Station. . In Siberia sudden deaths frequently occur, ut there in each a case they may not inter he body withont its inspection by the police nd a post mortem examination by physicians; ut thenumber of doctors in Sibepaia insuffiient, so, between the solitary "villages soalled Death Stations are erected, to which the dead are brought and placed in cold cellars uilt for.Jthem, remaining there till a polioe and medical commission arrives and examines them. Then, only, are they separately conveyed to their lonely burial places and inerred. Thus I was the involuntary witness of aucb judicial post mortem, ana I shudder even ow when I recall that night during my flight rom Siberia.—.From the German. 