THE WESLEIAN, CONFERENCE. ftainiY, JuNuiayse." Notices of MoUon.-!. By the Bev. J. NICHOLSON —"That the Conference regrets that gambling .bv means of the totaliiaior is sanctioned by law, anil that thee'ilsof gambling are liable to be increased thereby; and records its protest against legalised gambling, and resolves to support any movement which may be Initiated fur the repeal of existing legal sanctions to the use of tlie totalizator." By the Rev. C. LANE—" That In the opinion of this Conference it is desirable that some form or ticket be provided for the recognition of children who are tooyoungfoTadmissiontofull membership." 3. ily the Rev. 6. S. MONCHIF.fk, when Question LV (Chftrch property) Is under consideration—" I'hat, In consequence of the dilapidated condition of the Mission lloose at Palmereton, it is desirable to make a connexional effort to erect a new one, and that a committee be aopointed to take the necessary steps to secure this object, and also to conserve tlift tMlnl »itArrab>.nf UinChncch in Hie Nortiieru reference to tbe interests of the Wesleyan Church need to refer to its mineral wealth or jarrah forest. 'Jlic population, aocordlng to tbe last census, was 20,705, divided thus-Malea, 17,002: females 1£,G40. During the past eleven years the increiSLhad been 4,92a. The population in the chief city, Perth, and the other towns of Western Australia, and the number of members of the Wesleyau Methodist Church, and attendants on pubhc worship, were :— ™,v.«>v. Attendants Church Perth 6,041 Fremantlc .. .. 3.Ml Albany .. .. l.tm GemJiiton .. .. Ull York 767 Bunbury .. .. 6S3 SO .. 1,617 S.0S4 .. 1/JST 1,'ILI .. 034 1,001 There were about 20 Kptscopalian clergymon, 14 Ri- msn Catholic, 7 Wesleyan, 2 Congregational, and 1 I'resbyterlnn. Not in a boastful spirit, but as matters of fact which tbe Conference ought to know, he stated that In tho Western Australian District a sum of over £10,000 had been expended in erections, independently or the smaller Church, during the past eighteen years, lie had only to add that about tho year 1807 they bugan to raise money for the Foreign Missions, and from that year to the present tho annual amount raised had steadily incroased, so that last year £138 2s. 3d. was mined as regular missionary income, and in addition Western Australia sent £23 towanls liquidating the debt of the parent Society, and £S to Rev. George Brown turd Fiji Missions. This year the Missionary money rais.d would equal tbe amount raised la«t year for regular income. They had onl> a debt of about £300 due ou the Wesleyan Manse, Northampton, and about £03 duo on tbe FreuianUe Church, lately enlarged and reopened. Re wished to bear testimony, as the Superintendent of the Perth Circuit, to the fidelity and earnestness of his colleagues, and expressed his deep regret at the illness of tile Chairman nt tbe District (ttev. W. Lowe) who hail, with liituself, borne much of the labour and responsibility of the work in Western Australia, lie closed by stating that he should gladly return to labour amongst his kiud and longtiied friends In Western Australia. Mr. POI'E expressed his gratification with Mr. Laurance's address, and the lien. J. COLTON and otbeis acknowledged tbe value of tbe inforuiation ipsrtcd. " ' "" ' equivalent to a formal vote of,thanks. CNRKO! LOAN ITM). The Bon. J. CABR presented the balance-shoot for tbe past year, which was adopted. The total assets of the fund are £6,400, which is lent to various trusts without Interest, and tba increase of tt* fund during the year is A donation of £60. to replace a loan made to a tnist which had collapsed, had beeu mode by the lYeasurer (Hon. J. Carr), and £71 collected from the tnists by tbe Rev. S. Knight. Cordial thanks were voted to these gentlemen. 1 he usual aopointmcnts of Treasurer and Auditors were made, and the regulations reaffirmed without alteration. A request waa made by the Port Pine Circuit to allow of a connexional appeal on behalf of the Port Pirie Church and parsonage by the Bev. C. n. Goldsmith, tit&tec; ents were made as to the Injurious erlecta of a succession of bad harvest* on the Church finances, and tlie necessity of some special assistance being rendered. The application was grunted. The Bev. J. B. STEPHEN SON read tho balancesheets of the Book Delrtt and the Christian Waklij mil/ Methvdut Journal, which were adopted. It was explained that though both tbo Book Depfit and tbe papBr were under thi management of the same committee, the accounts were keptseuamte in order that the financial condition of eacli department lllieht be clearly ascertained. The report of the iu t-ii it.. , . — ..r»li,, D.nV l.... incressed, and the outstanding book-debts considerably reduced. Several members of the Conference referred to the value of the paper as a connexiou.il organ and the general ability with which it wtfl conducted. A resolution was adopted .infirining tllu 0ctii.li of tlie committee, and commending the paper to tllu members of the Church. TDK I1ID1.K IN SCHOOLS. Air. D. NOCK moved thu niulion standing in hi* name in favour of the Bible being read in M It schools during srhool hours. He referred to the strious anil disastrous results of withholding tinpriln-iples of the Bible from tho education of the children. It was objected by some that this would be the entering wedge lor State aid to religion. With that vil'W ho did not at all agree. The platform i>f the ^ ietiiriau lA-aguo did not include ;i-,ylliiiig nt the kind, nor did the Society ostalilMlod in Sjoiitli Amtntlii. Tlniuch the bitile, according to tlie prt-i-ent Act, might he read before school In if both Mr r.lmlstone and Mr.I< otei- ! rove that there was uo real difficulty in having t.he flible read as lie di-HR-il. The objection was ollly tLi'urctii-ul. He felt it to he most offensive in the sMitof (Jod that tills one bonk, tin: f.nin.Htion of all hue inotalitv. t-hould lie practically exi-hnliM from State tcho'uis. The llev. C. II. tinUKMITit seiomleil, slut urged that the spirit of the ancient principle, wliieh required i-hifiheii to lie trained in Ihe knowledge and fear ol (iod, was still in i-xis. tence. The rnopt important purl of education ifiull with the moral seiitiuients, and the Ifilile was the only fouiiilntion fi r Mich teaching. lie hoped i.lie time would sot'ii come when tbe existing tiliit mi stem would lie removed. The Itov J. Nlrliol.- lid Ihev should all agree that the llilde ivust]i,< liatii.n he cautious how tliev « ed the foimatio; lla'l wituusse.'l tU. 1 inocesF, and thesad ltnihsof llic oxrlusimi of Humble from the schools in Victoria. lie Miuio.i t., thut fuct wnspaitlv duutlie growth of Sanikin sin. ; li- iM was a bi-nutifiil iilusti-iiti unity ot L'hrstianity. ltesi •lio differed from him, lie vet f.iun i il difficult to ulHlcri-tanil ttiur nttuude, m new of rNresponsibiUlies laid upjn tlii'in when they OJIJIOSI il the reading of the Uihle iu state si-hools. Tho liev. W. T. CAlllKIt opposed the motion, ilo dep-ecateil the spirit assumed towards those who thought witli him. He revered and believed iu the power of the Bible, but objected to any deiiartui-o from tlie piint-iple of let mid lit think. Protestantism w.is in favour of liberty and opposed to coercion. Ho held that the programme of tho Bible in Schools fc'ociely Involvou Wtate aid to religion. Kupertkiilly there was tomelhing very attractivo In liviunini; the power of the State to bear in this direction, princh'les were all very well, hut, as Mr. Joseph Ccoii had said, they must not let their principles carry them over Niagara. There was a coercive element in the programme, because any child withdrawn from tho Scripture lesson was put to sonic secular task. The proposed legislation was opposed to tho genius of Australian life. BritlBli freedom in Australia was fr.or than In England, and should not 1 e Interfered with. The practical solution of the difficulty was for tliom to do their best to teach Biule truth, as they found opportunity in tbe way Uiat some earnest people had dune. Tlie Rev. J. Au.tlN supported the motion. Was such Bible teaching right ? Ihe historical value of the book was sufficient answer. Was it expedient? Ho said it was, that tbe needB of the children of irreligious parents might be met, because to avofd it did not meet the oue of Roman Cathulics and others who objected to religion, for the maintenance of the mural stamina of the nation, and because of tbe numbers of parents who htd signified their wishes in that direction. Mr. WATT said liberty to enjoy tho privilege* of Bible r-aillnc and Instruction hail been purchased by tbe best blood of their anresUira, and the withdrawal of it by Taillament was a serious wrong. Mf. ClIAt'l'LU, replying to the Bev. W. T. Carter, said his arguments did the vers thing to which he objected, ioi they were illustrations of following principles over Kiagar*. TOeyoIl wished tbe youth of the land-to be bronght np In otm&ly;, aim Bible troths presented to (he minds of the young at suM time or other, whether In the -schools or not About the only trustworthy .muree, and the great standard of morality, was IbeBlble. lheWtateinculcation of momllty WM a •wry different thing from Mate aid to denominationalitm. Theai great truths were sot the shibboleths of any or all of the Churches. In opposing this Mr. Carter allowed the principle of no slate aid to rellgli n to amy him over Niagara. The question of freedom also must be taken with ltmttatfon<. Tdey were not free to he (prompt w Ininroha. Oompulsion'was out upon pdrenta In a gi ven district to rrud their children to a particular sohool. Freedom •to such cues was wlthdiaim, and «o the prindpVo Insisted on could be carried too tar. Here again devotion to liberty carried Mr. Carter over Niagara. As to the suggested renrady.h had beeu tried In Eniiond, where ttm oMUIttons were tar more f »voutabK aid -jHtte eyetem had failed, whUe toe pment plah mi ftactwdlng. He doubted whether ministers g#«tallye«ld muOMfally cany oat the pin. With .all reroect be -that the sdiooluosten not Wtttrfitted for UHi work of teKhing. Tbe attentates at the Bible lessons he conducted a Ktrognwlve act for them to fell back on a tT'tcm that had failed and been abandoned. The Ber. B. H. Buiitta said that of all tbe ghosts that trouble men that ol Mate aid to religion was abont lbs biggest, ugliest, and most bodiless. Morality ™ inseparable from ChrUtlanlty. and could not be tanght apart from the Bible. Though some so taught fonnd their way Into erims and so lata prUon, Il did not prove that th» teaching waa valueless. But for it very many morei would have followed. Somomsslers were said to be unfit to clva a Blblelessou, and U so ther had better he cashiered forthwith. Tbe Bev. O. W. PATCIICLU whoM speech has since acquired a melancholy Interest, commenced by saying that the tiuw •bad taaen tbe work of education -4n hand, and DPnopoliced all the time ol the children. lie referred to tho derivation of tbe term "educate," and Mid It meant a drawing out of tbe powers tbatthcchlMren possessed. This a-purely secular system could not accomplish. It jlealt With only one-curt ot the nature and that the tMst-Important.' It devoloneU the in slliictunl facaJtlas but left the morel nature entirely uotsMbed. BtubasadutaUontrunMeanrilyininm' tie advocated tbe Introduction e system. Ho urged In support ot the motion that it was tbe expressed wiab ot tbe parents in Soutb Australia, who bad voted 9 to 1 In favour Of it' As to tbe permission to road tbe Bible now In the Act it was a dead letter, tnd the time specified did not suit. It was said that the Sundayschools might supply the lack of service, but. statistics otthe nunloer ct children attending day and Sabbath schools respectively proved that not the half of them belonged to the Utter. He did not "be'leve that there was any d'fficulty In teaching either the great historical lessons of the Bible or tbe moral law which it contained. It would be a sad thing it the Ton Commandments were not Inculcated upon tbo young, for they were the true sanctions of morality. Ho had been glad to hear so luany speeches on the subjoct, and most ot them on the same slde^for at the last Coarerence he was tbe only speaker. There was then a majority of two-anda half to one in favour of the motion, but this time he hoped all would he convinced of its ptopriety and it would be carried unanimously. Towards the close of his speech, Mr. Pjtchell's voice became weak, and he Bat down Bomewhat abruptly, but it did not excite any apprehension. A brie] conversation took place as to whether the debate should go on. as the sneaking was almost exclusively on one aide. Mr. Mii.UM.nlN pressed to he heard, and tho PRESIDENT said they would then take the vote unless there was any opponent of the motion. After Mr. MILLIXGTOS had spoken in support ol the motion, it was about to be put, when the Rev. It S. CASELY said, ns the Itev. J. B. Stephenson, who with himself intended to voto ou the other side, had been compelled to leave, he wished to Btate why tbey disagreed with it. Ho regarded it an a form of State aid to religion, to which he objected, and he thought the present arrangements in the Act should not be disturbed. While Mr. Casely wis continuing his remarks the Itev. <1\. W. Patcholl was seen to sink partly from his chair. The Rev. H. T. Burgess, who sat next, supported him for a few moments, and then, with tho Itevs. C. T. Newman anil S. Knight, carried hlin to the open air. It was at onco seen that tho seizure was of a most serious ctnracter, and tho Conference broke up In alarm. Medical aid w-as obtained at once, but the symptoms grew rapidly w orse. Tho afflicted minister was catried into one of the vestries, where Dr. O'Connor, Dr. Henry, and subsequently Dr. Stirling were in attendance. After a brief interval the Pltl:. smtNT requested tbe members ol the Conference to reassemble in tho Church and engage in prayer. This was continued until it was pronounced that thu seizure was manifestly fiLt.ll, and even then groups of ministers and lay gentlemen gathered in various places to pray for the wife and children of the departing minister. Tho scene was ono of extraordinary solemnity, which reached its climax when tlie announcement was made that all w-as over, which occurred in less than an hour from tho time w hen Mr. l'atchell concluded his speech. EVENING SESSION. It hns been arranged fop a ministerial session of the Conference to be held in tho evening to complete the third reading of tbe stations. Tbe ministers assembled at ludl- past 0, and it waa immediately agreed that the business coulil not be proceeded with. Part of a hymn commencing "Why do we mourn departing friends" waa sung, and pmyer offered. It was resolved that a message of condoli nee he telegraphed to Mm. Patchell and family. The President of tbe Conference was requested to preach a funeral sermon in the Piile-streot Church on Sunday evening; and the Bev. R. S. Casely to prepare an obituary notioo. Some other funeral arrangements were made, and tbe Coufercnee adjourned. 