Published evory Saturday Morning. SATOJRDAY, MARCH 24. Ehe rapidly revolving wheels of Time has : once more brought to lis the anniversary of 1 an event which marks an era in the world's ' history, acknowledged to be: of ;the utmost : importance in a spiritual-sense ,to mankind ? -an event, which -through' all the viccissi ' tudes and revolutionary changes of: nearly J nineteen centuriesihas; retained' its mighty influence over.the sons of men, and not only ; has it retained that significance and power ? which it held* in its primeval days, but it has yearly, gathered force and effectiveness i in converting mankind to the belief; that an ! all-sufficient sacrifice was offered on Mount ! Oalvary_for his redemption from the gloom .lof unconsoling Paganism by which 'lib" was then enshrouded, raising him to that pin nacle^of eminenco < for which [he was in tended, though wherouuto', 'by his own mis doings lie .miserably foiled, to attain, lintil such atonement .' was made on his behalf. ;r The;lapse.of almost a .score of centuries lias * " only"tended to add to-that mighty event' a . .more-, benign and soul-inspiring ' influence ; over the minds of!men-an influence which' asserts to him of Christian spirit that there ' is a something beyond the mere routine of . live and worldliness to liye,for(; that he lias 1 " aucliarge' to keep," and an immortal iin ,; terest to, care for. To all who have had the "- good fortune to be born 'ueath a Christian sky,, and reared in Christian'homes, the sea son periodically suggests ' the thought of de votion, though not unmixed with the thought i, of,; pleasure and. retirement 'from worldly affairs. It is not a time in which, man; is required to follow, as it ..were, the ancient custom of attiring in sack clotli and - sitting in -ashes,f though the remembrances of Him j whose agony and subsequent death in.G-eth Yoraane's garden reclaimed erring mankind from the chaos of superstition and sin, and the penalty . which, awaited him for thus transgressing, should' prompt him to devote a pdrti6n"of the season to devotional exer cises, and call him from the turmoil of life's business and cares. He should realise the faot that the story of the Gross, and passion is not merely traditional, or that its divine efficacy with respect to' human salvation, lis but tho workings of fancy upheld by an ob stinate section of mankind, aud quite devoid, of the power ascribed to : it, but li6 < should regard it as a great reality, which,: Wire 'it . not', the march of ages would, have quite pb: literated from the thoughts of men, especi ally in this scientific and educated age, by. ovidenco rational aud. couclusivo, but 'such has jiofc been'accomplished, despite the ' en deavours of men'of soienco and ; learning to, prove.their objections, and 'thus tho - world : to-day rojoices in the belief that anf atono mont was offered for every, transgressor at that tinie.wlion the veil of,the tomple was rent in twain from the top to the : bottom," when that God-man said, ? " It is finished'," and yielded up the ghost. - ' ' ' . ?" . # #/, v* ;,. ,?, , Apart irom tho religious observances of the- Bascer season; which are only applied to ; a portion' of the term, a time is sot for ro ' creation and: pleasure.' It givos an oppoiv tunity to all to retire for a brief period from the drudgery and' monotony of life, to seek tho enjoyment of tho country, or the gaities of the city; it affords occasion for; friends to assemble round tho family hearth to inter change tho greetings which follow, ^be re meoting of long dissevered kith or l:ih,' like Christmas, tho portion ot the season . set' apart for other than religious rites givos tlie idea of indulgence in invigorating amuse ments, which unchains tho mind from tlie droariuoss of business and work-a-day life, and fits humanity' for furthor action and usefulness in whatever sphere he may occupy in tho groat labor mart. We may thereforo rojoico that our religion oxtonds to'< ,118 such enjoyable privileges; forming as a pro ,ivious writer liaB romarkod " an oaBis in the desert of life," and we heartily wish our readers ploasaut Eastor Holidays, aud, too, that tho momorios which will horoaffcor; bo connected with tliom, will bo of a ldncl assooiatod with all pleasures aud mingled with nothing akin to regret. ;: 