Mall Kews. A soldier baa been tried by court-martial at Lenmorc Barrack;, Galway, for having left his post while ou duty outside the gaol, alleging that he saw the ghost of Myles Joyoe, which frightened biin away. His story was disbelieved, and he was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. The authorities are convinced that the knives found some months ago near the rear of the house of one of the men arrested on January 13, are those used in the Pbosnix Park assassinations, for they fit exactly the width of the cuts in the clothes of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke. Mr. Parnell's estate haB been the scene of another popular demonstration. Several hundred people assembled with bands to plough his land, and a large stubble field ad joining his demense was ploughed, up very quickly, over 200 ploughs being engaged, while in a field of 21 acres at Oarrymore 80 ploughs were employed. TEE number of public-houses in Copenhagen is to be reduced from 1350 to 300. No showily dressed girl is to be allowed to stand behind a drinking-bar to fascinate youth of the other sex. Landlords are forbidden to serve out drink to any person under the influence of drink. A drunken person is to be conveyed to his own dwelling in a cab or covered carriage, at the expense of the landlord in whose house be took tlio last drink. Did you over think, asks a I'aris paper, how maDy male and femslo ancestors were required to bring you into tlic world F First, it was nocossary you shouldhavoa fatherandmother that makes two human beings. Each of them must also have a father and mother-that makes four human beings. Each of those four must huvo had a fatnor and mother-that makes eight human beings. So on we go buck for Bfty-six generations, which briogs us only to the time of Jesus Christ. The calculation thus shows that 139,235,017,689,534,076 births must havo taken place in order to bring you into tho world-you, who read these lines. At a distanco of 314 miles east of San Fran cisco the Southern Pacific Railway, crossing the Sierra Nevada Bango, ascends a grade of 120ft. per mile. Early on the morning of January 20 an express with sixty passengers paused upon the summit to disengage an extra locomotive. The air-brakes being thus released, and a strong gale blowing, something gave the initial backward impetus, and before anything could be done to arrest tho progress of the train it had attained uncontrollable velocity. After running for four miles, two sleeping coaches left the track and were thrown downanenbank ment, a height of 15ft. Three other care fell over upon the ruins, which, with the dead and injured persons in them, were soon a blaz ing msss. The survivors state that thoy saw seventeen persons consumed. Several are miss ing. Tho remainder of the train was stopped safely after running for aix miles. HOBKIBLE Discovsnr AT A PABCSL OFFICE. -On the 11th of December, a rough- looking common deal box, about 2 feet long, 18 inohes high, and about 18 or 20 inohes in breadth, waB received at a general shop in the Com bridge-heath Road, which is a receiving-house of Messrs. Carter, Pattenon, and Company, railway and general carriers, and was in the ordinary courso forwarded to the chief office in Gknwell-road, to be thence sent (o its destination. It was addreued as follows: ' Mrs. Green, No. 81, Abbey-road, St. John's Wood, N.W." The carman in that neigh bourhood not being able to ttnd " Mri. Green," returnod the box to the chief office, where it remained in the care of Mr. Allen, tho mana ger, until January 18, Noticing that a dis agreeable smell oamo from the package, he ordered it to be opened, when he found it to contain a young girl's body far advanced in decomposition. Mr. Allen at once went to the police station, where he saw Acting-Inspector William Davis, 2 G.R., to whom he related what had been discovered. Inspector Davis despatched Sergeant Briars for Dr. Yarrow, the divisional surgeon, and the remains were taken to the mortuary. Dr. Tarrow pro nounced the body to be that of a girl between 13 and 14 years of age. It measured 4 feet in length, and was that of a fnir-Iiaired child, good looking, and with excellput teeth, but rather thin. It was a matter of wonder to all who saw it hotr it had boon squeezed into so small a space. The body of tho girl thus discovered is said to resemble in many parti culars that of the girl who has been so long missing from West Ham, and for wlnse re covery rewards hare been offered. A new style of church service is to be cstab-1 lished in London by an Anglican Archdeacon, the loading features in which consist of a surpliced ohoir of 60 persons, assisted by 100 other voices and a full band of brass and stringed instruments. COMPENSATION FOR AORAHIAK OUTBAGES IK IBELAKD.-'The clauscB of tho Crimes Act, which onablc tho relatives of murdered porsons and others who have suffered from agrarian outrages to apply for compensation, arc taken advantage of with very good effect in many diatricts. The levy of the amounts awarded for compensation is felt to bo a severe penalty for crime, and tho lesson it teaches is not likely to bo forgotten. Pre sentment sessions aro also being held in different places, under the ordiuary law, for tho purpose of awarding compensation for malicious injury to property. CffBiors ADVENTURE IN A CRIIraET.-A rather queer adventure (says Iho Cardiff MatT) befell n boy in Newtown on Monday. The roofs of some houses ware undorgoing repair. After tho shades of night bad fallen and the workmen hud gone home, a boy espied alaader leaning against one of the bouses by which the workmen had reached the roof. The urchin being of a rather mischievous turn of mind, gathered n pocketful of stones, and, biB face beaming with joy, he quietly mounted the Udder, and clambered up the roof of Iho house which he knew to be occupied by an old woman. After ninny slips he at longth reached his goal, which was no other than the chimney. But thoro he found anothor obstacle in bis way. Before hi could throw a einglo etone down tho chimney he would have to climb op to the top of the brickwork. By much exertion hs overcame this difficulty. Ho balanced his body nicely on the top. Now for the fan. A stone he threw with all hia might down the chimney, and fairly chuckled with gUe. When <o ! sad to relate, his enthusiasm carried him too far, and lie overbalanced, and fell down tho chimney bead foremost. The domestic fun nol had not been recently swept, and things wont pretty smoothly with tho unluoky orcllin till ho came to the bottom, when, fo avoid the Arc, he grazed his face and fell on the barsof the grate. Tho venerable occupier of the house was at the fireside reading ti newspaper by tho candle-light. Hor feelings on Boeing a live black object clolhod in soot bounding on the hearth out of tho chimney may be better im agined than described, oho afterwards said ber impression at the time was that one of the old gentleman's imps had come after her. "While she screamed for help the black visitor disap peared through tho door. Two girls expired at Glossop, England, some what mysteriously lately. It subsequently I ranspircd that the girls, who were servants to a Congregational minister, succumbed to the fumes proceeding from n pipe which was let into the walls of their bedroom, and thence carried for heating purposes into the adjoining church. It is stated, and on the very best authority, that within the twelre years that have passed einee Did(en's death no less* than 4,389,000 volumes of liis works have been sold in England alone. A young lidy in the States has started an action for six thousand dollars beeauso she was not pronounced to be tlie most beautiful woman in tie world. A priie to this extent was offered for a nineteenth century Venus, and the lady differs in ber estimation of her charms from the judges who refused to award it to ber A man having liad £65 etolen from him. received a note with £25, saying," I etoled your money. Remorse naws at my oonsliens, and I send some of it baok. When remorse naws again, I'll send you gome more." EXECUTION or MCRDERBRS.-The two men Thomas Higgins and Michael Plynn, who were convicted of the murder of the Huddys, Lord Ardiiaun's bailiffs, were cxecnted on January 17, in GaWay Gaol. Patriot Higgins who was first tried and condemned, was exe cuted on Monday. It is a circumstance not unworthy of notice and anggeativa of hope for the country, that no sympathy with the prisoners was shown by the people. At 10 minutes to 7 o'clock the Ber. Mr. Gre*van, Roman Catholic Chaplain, arrived in the gaol I Bnd celebrated BUM. Dr. Kincaid, the sur geon of the goal, arrived shortly afterwards, i and subsequently the sub- sheriff. Thomas Higgins, the younger of the two men, aged about 29 years, was the _ first to enter tho conrtyard, whioli he did with a firm light step, between two wardens. Marwood came imme. diatelv behind him. Plynn, the aecond con vict followed. He also walked firmly, bnt bis demeanor was not as determined as that of ' Higgins. Both men repeated audibly the . prayers recited by the chaplain. On reaching another yard in which the scaffold had been erected, Higgins quiokly ascended the*flieht of ateps leading to (he platform, and in a Few minutes the executioner's preparations were completed. The two men seemed to die almost immediately. I There can be no donbt that the Bibbon movement-mostly blue-baa lain hold of very large numbers of . people throughout the country. A man's temperance faith maybe very weak when he dons the bine ribbon, but the very act of wearing that badge strengthens it, and so through tho use of the symbol, which is in itself * mark of weakness, many frail men and women are helped upward into a new moral strength. Thus the Bine 1 Ribbon, and the organisation which it binds together by aympathy, have tw> strong points in their favor. As tho Timet pats it, "©is weak are helped by the strong, or by the shoer forco of fellowship and members; and « new point of honoar comes to take tho place of a consoienco that had boon found too MgUft for use." An exceedingly valuable collection of onto graphs was recently disposed of in Paris, which included, amongst other remarkable items, the letter written by Pope Gregory XIII. to Charles IX. in order to dissipate the last aorup les of the Kingabout the massacre of BtBartbb . lomew. " The war waged against heresy,' says the Pope, " is a holy war, and it must be put . sued for the glory of God, in order to extirpate those sad heresies whioh disturb your kingdom. I send you, to show how important the matter is, my present legate a latere." A REMARKABLE DEAL IS WHIST.-Yester day afternoon, at the Ouvier Club house (the Cincinnati Commercial of 2tth December last relates) Clay Culbertson. Jerry Kfcrstea, Alexander Starbuok, and E. G. Webster entered into a game of whist. After the first hand bad been played, Mr. Webster, whose turn it was to deal, took the cards, shuffled them, and after they had been cot by Mr. Kiersted, dealt. Each player, ashe arranged his cards, appeared to be ubouruig under some unusual excitement. Mr. Crn bertspn, whose turn it waa to play, and who generally is very prompt in plaoing his cart on the table, delayed the play until Mr. Bta*. buck broke the ominous silence which pre vailed by exclaiming, "Gentlemen, I have the most remarkable whist band I ever held. I hold thirteen hearts." " And I, remarked Mr. Culbertson, " hold equally as remarkable a hand. I have thirteen spades. " And l, nervously e&icL; fclr. Baerated, .'' fi diamonds." "Of course, I hold the thirteen trumps," quiokly chimed in the dealer, Mr. Webster. To say the pUyers were unduly excited an export of the hands but feebly expresses their mental condition at the time. Tue conversation that ensued relative to this unexpected event in whist among the players and members, as thev dropped in during the afternoon, was decidedly, animated. Ho one had ever lipard of holding such band, in whist. A case occurred in a Bostoncluba rear or so ago. "hoT » P1®^ h?ld t"l£jec,n trumps, and also a similar case in a Now Tork club, but aside from these two no one could report even such hands as these. A I'BIEST named Luigi (Jalimberti, residing at Milan, Italy, is said to have discovert! toe means of photography in natural the process for enlarging snohpho^wpUo productions to life sua. Another to have been invented by him rives what he calls phosphorescent pictures, visible Th? priLSt is so hampered 5T experiments thus far have been made at the expcnBO of and for the benefit of a few personal friends. . , . AUEUARKABUE instance (says tho Colonic* and Mio) of the beneficial influence of tropical storms h«8 just occurred in tho Phmnpine Islands. Tho population of Manilla was wing decimated by choW, when, at tho ond October, a tremendous hurricane swept over tho island, almost entirely destroying thei town. In less than an hour from the DOfmT®?^,°hnBt, of the storm not a single case of ohrtom has occurrod and not one has been J* island rince. Wo are accustomed to regard wmmm which they occasion. 