VICTORIA RACING CLUB. Winter Steeplechase Meeting. | (FBOil OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday, 21st July. Tile above race-meeting came off to day nnder very favorable auspices, the weather, notwithstanding its usual un certainty at this time of the yoar, proving on the present occasion bright and fine, and, in fact, all that could be desired for out-of-door enjoyment. As a natural consequence of this agreeable state of tilings, a very considerable concourse of spectators gathered at the course, and although the members of the fair sei were conspicuous rather by their absence than otherwise, the Grand-stand was not entirely ungraced by that element. His Excellency the Governor, whose love of the turf is well-known, arrived early in the day, and remained until after the lost race but one. The various events were well contested, but a sad accident in the Grand National Steeplechase, by which Archibald M'Innis, a well-known and skilful jockey, lost his life, occurred to mar the pleasure of the spectators. The horse Chrysalis, which was being ridden by the unfortunate man at the time, fell in jumping a stone wall, coming down with his rider under him, and literally crushing out the poor fel low's life. Tho following were the events :— Maiden- Hurdle Race, a sweepstake of 5 sovs. each, £1 10s forfeit, with 150 added. Weight for age. About 2 miles. The second horse to receive 25 sovs. and the third 10 sovs. out of the stake. S. G. Cook's b g Tho Joker, 4yrs (Batty) ..1 H. Levin's b m Belle Brandon, 5yrs (Cree)' ... 2 Robertson and Wagner's br li Ontario, 4yra (Corrigin) . ... 3 The following also started :— Lottie, Tattler, aud Sinking Fund. Betting: 5 to 4 on Ontario, 5 to 2 agst The Joker, 5 to 1 agst Bello Brandon. Time, 4min. 35aec. Maiden Steeplechase, a sweepstako of 5 sovs. each, £1 10s ft., with 150 added. For 4yrs old and upwards that have never won a steeplechase. The second horse to recoivo 25 sovs. aud the third 10 sovs. ont of the stake. Weight for ago. About 2 miles and a quarter. O. Fleming's b g Shamrock, aged (Cree) 1 Hon. W. Pearson's br g Speculator, Gyrs (Ashtou) ... 2 G. Glasscock's b g Hope, Gyrs (Kilduff)... 3 The other starters wore: Glenara, Hail Royal, and Hailstorm. Betting : 2 to 1 agst Hope, 3 to 1 agst Glenara. 4 to 1 agst Speculator. Time, GtniD. lOscc. Grand National Hurdle Race.—A han dicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs each, 3ft, with 300 added. The second horse to recoive 50 sovs, and the third 25 sovs, out of the stakes ; about three miles. D. Foster's b g Dizzy, 4yrs, 9at 41b (Batty) . ... 1 D. S. Wallace's bg Rhesus, aged, list 91b (King) ... 2 S. G. (look's b g Basilisk, aged, lOst 21b (Oree) ... 3 The remainder of tlio field coosisted of Lotliair, Buzzor, Trumpeter, Triplet, Pros pect, Barivon, and Sparke. Bettiug : 2 to 1 agst Prospect, 4 to 1 agst Sparke, 5 to 1 agst Dizzy, G to 1 agst Lothair. The favorite led over the first two hurdles, with all the others well up, and there was not much change till the abbatoirs were attained, when Sparke got into the van and led gallantly for a whole round with Basilisk, Prospett, Rhesus, Dizzy, and Barivon following in that order. Shortly before reaching the straight Sparke fell back beaten, and Dizzy came up with a grand rush, passed all his horses and won hard-held by three lengths. Time, 5min. 4SWcs. Grand National Steeplechase, a handicap sweepstakes of 15 sovs each, 4ft., with 400 added. The second horse to receive 50 sovs and the third 25 sovs out of the stake. About three miles. T. \V. Phillip's b g Blackthorn, Gyrs, lOst 121b (Kilduff) G. Russell's eh g Sailor, aged, lOst 101b (M'Gowan) ... 2 J. G. Reed ns bl g Black Jaokot, 5yrs, lOst 31b (King) ... 3 The other starters were Trumpeter, Vaulter, Harper, Thompson (late Hubbub), Chrysalis, Obadiali, Lizette (late Jenny Moore), Australian Court (late Stag), and Mariner. Bettiug : 5 to 2 agst Sailor, 5 to 1 agst Lizetto and Black Jacket, 100 to 15 agst Chrysalis and Obadiali, 10 to 1 agst Black thorn. After a good start Obadiali, Australian Court, Black Jacket, and Lizette, were the first in succession over the earlier fences, after which Australian Court assumed tlio lead, with Lizotte, Sailor anil Trumpeter well up. Amongst the foremost horses there was not much change for the next half mile, but after that stage Obadiah, Lizette, Australian Court,and one or two others dropped out, leaving the race chiefly to be decided between the three placed horses, Black thorn winning cleverly by three lengths, with Trumpeter fourth. Time, 7raiu. 17iseo. After this race hail been decided, and the weighing in had been concluded, a rumor was heard to the effect that Archibald M Tunis, tho rider of Chrysalis, had been killed at the stonewall at the back of the course, and on inquiry the statement proved to be but too correct. Tho horse fell with the jockey underneath. It was thought at first that M'lnnis was only stunned. Ho was carried iuto the casualty room, where lie was attended by Dr. James, and another medical mas, who happened to be present, hut it was found that life was extinct. This sad event cast a gloom over what was otherwise a most enjoyable afternoon's amusement. Selling Hurdle Race.—A sweepstake of ' 3 eovs each, 1 ft., with 100 added. Weight for age. Winner to be sold for £50. Two miles. J. Layton's ch g Wild Harry, aged (Carey) ... 1 R. Batty's b g Stormbiril, aged (Hall) ... 2 J. M'Grade's hi g Black Prince, aged (Kelly) ... 3 The only other starters wero Sunlight, Black Prince, and Stormbird. Betting s 2 to 1 agst Wild Harry and Sun light, 3 to 1 agst Stormbird. Time, 3min SSlsec. The winner was bought by Mr Norman Wilson for 50 guineas. Flat Raoe.—A handicap of 5 sovs. each, £1 | 10s ft., with 150 added. For 3yrs old and upwards. Lowest weight to bo not less than 7st. One mile. W. Bailey's ch f Virago, * 3yrs, 7at 8lb (M'Gowan) ... 1 A. M'Donalil's br g Bounio Bee, Gyrs, 8st 41b (HMbb) ... 2 T. Jones' eh h The Ghost, 5yrs, 9it 121b (Batty) ... 3 The trio beat a large field of competitors, after a good contest finished in lmin 45jsec. This event brought the programme to a close in time to allow of the spectators reaching town by daylight. 