1 " Rip V an W inkle," . . Comic opera,, in ;three acts, by Henri 1 Meilhac; Phillippe .Gille; and i Farnie ;' lttiis'c By Robert Planquette, had its first presentation to the world 1 at the Comedy Theatre, London, on , the 14th of October, 1882,- and it may be noted as somewhat singular that ; 1 though written by a foreigner, it had , its initial performance in the " Me- tropolis of the World " ere its pro- i duction in any other part of the world.. , . . The work possesses all the elements. of a theatrical success. . The story by i Washington Irving, first appeared in , his Sketch Book in 1819. There have been many . dramatic versions of the i play. Notably. to Australians, is the - one presented by Mr. Joseph Jefferson at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, i on the 31st of March, 1862, and since then at divers times by Mr. J. L. 1 Hall, the late Stuart O'Brien and last, I but not least, Mr. J. C. Williamson./ The play was first dramatised and ' produced in America— the most I famous versions being those presented by the late J. H Hackett, one by a ' Mr. Kerr, and the other by, the well- I known dramatist, Bayle Bernard. Then came the version by Charles Burke, which was brought out in 1 849 ' ( at the Arch-street Theatre, Philadel phia — Burke himself playing 'Rip with' I Jefferson as. the inn-keeper. 'This . adaption was afterwards used for a' long time by Jefferson but was, at l last, re-written and re- constructed by Dion Boucicault, and produced by Jefferson in Australia as above, and i subsequently at the London Adelphi Theatre on Sept. 4, 1865. Jefferson's performance is, no doubt, well re- i membered, and unquestionably meri ted the enconium passed upon it by America's poet-critic as having " ri- i pened into unquestionable, unassail able, auspicious and beneficent perma nence." Intheopening actof the opera, i We find Dip's wife, Gretchen, anxious ly waiting her husband's return from his unknown trip. When the light- hearted fellow arrives, he is joyously welcomed by Gretqhⅈ hut ultimately he leaves for the mountains to escape arrest on a charge of treason brought by his enemy and his wife's former lover, Derrick Von Slou3. He also has an object in. visiting the hills to discover the treasure said to have been hidden by Oapt. Hendrik Hudson and his crew. So ends the first act. In the second,- the mole villagers, with Niok Vedder, the inn-keeper, and the Burgomaster, follow Dip for the apparent purpose of arresting him but really to help'towards his escape. With the object of aiding him, Katrina, Vedder' a daughter, and Gretchen, Dip's wife, accompanied by the girls of the Sleepy Hollow, also go after him. .Gretchen meets and tries to persuades him to accompany her,; but Derrick ap proaching, Rip hides, and Gretchen, fearing for her husband's fife, pretends to make love to the rascally lawyer, - and thus gets him away. Dip is now left alone' and begins his experience with the ghosts of Hudson's crew. This act is the strongest in the piece. He is surrounded by the goblin crew of Hendrik Hudson, and the drink which sends him off into his sleep of twenty years is given him by a fay. Tljo soenery jn this act — on the E reduction of the opera at the Mel- ourne Opera House — from the pencil and brush of Mr. Harry Grist, will bo something.marvellous. When, in the third act, Dip awakens, the village has increased to an important town and all things have changed. Gretchen is dead, but in her place is her daughter, Alice, now grown into a , handsome woman. Dip is dazed and ' , amazed, and the pathetic recognition between father and. daughter, is ef fected through JJip'smging an old song which he had taught his baby child » ,, and which serves to prove his identity, \ and brings the opera, one of the very ( best of its class, to a satisfactory and happy conclusion. On its production ( in London, the principal parts— there / are '-over 'forty- filled in its perfor- mance — were thus sustained : — ( Hip. Van Winkle, . Mr. Fred. .Leslie ; .Derrick / Von Sloue,- Mr. W. ,S. Peritloy ;Petcr Von ' Dunk, Mr.Louls Kallelier' ; ; Diedrich Knicker- ( bocker, Mr. E.Willmore ; Nick Vedder , Mr. ." Lionel Brough ; Orelcken, Miss Violet Camel- / .on ; Katrina, Miss Sadie Martiuot ; Sara, Miss :01ara Graham ; / Jacintha, . Miss Constance / Lewis ; Little Bardcase, Miss Madge Milton ; ' i?a«s,_lliss' Effle Mason ; Little Alice, MIsb / Alice Vioat; Tom Tit, Miss Rose Moncriegg. N Sppn "after the first presentation of , tfief'.Mrorfe'.afr'the .-Comedy Theatre, London, Miss Martiuot seceded and ( was" succeeded in the r61e of Katrina , by.Mdlle. Camille; Dubois who made her initial appearance iii Australia, at < 'the . Opera. House, Melbourne, under -the management of- the late W . S. / Lyster, as Adcle, in the opera, " Die i Fladermaus," Feb. . 5, '1878. The . lady was then on her honeymoon trip ' with her husband, the heir presump- ( tive to the Earldom of - Hardwicke. ' Shortly after their return to Europe, ( he. obtained a divorce from- his wife, / and she once more returned to the j stage. To return- to the promised ( presentation of "Rip Van Winkle " / on the Melbourne stage, the music is : very excellent, the melodies are often ( original but always bright and spark- > ling and well fitted to the situation, and as, in the. composer's former; work ( (" Les Cloches d'e . Corneville,") tune- > ful and ear-tingling. The orchestra-; " tion, which is an essential feature, is' < exceedingly effective. From the man- , ner and style it. is intended to.- E reduce .it at the Opera House ( ere,, a secured success may almost be j voted a ' moral " oertainty. ' W.H.W. .( 