Bv a resolution of the House it Las been decided to withdraw from sale, except bv conditional purchase, . all hinds other than town nnd suburban. Tliis, of course, prevents the Bega Tem porary Commons from being put to the 1.™,™,. Tl.o nvnn„cn r.t c„..unn 1..J already been incurred ; the lands are looI;cd on as of exceptional value ; and a good haul for the Treasury was an ticipated. That the sale is a pet one with the Government, we may gather from the fact that Mr. Adams, the Surveyor General, visited the district some fifteen months ago specially to enquire into tlie value before fixing tlie upset prices. J In order to make it possibly now to bring these lands to the hammer, tbe Government, under proclamation dated 2nd April, declare the Crown Lands embi.iced within (he boundaries of tbe Bega Populal ion Reserve as 'a site for the extension to the ruburban lands of Bega.' This removes all objections to j l.lie dNposnl of the lands, and no d3ubt an early aniKuincement will be made of the t:a'c, of the whole, or of a consider able portion of the seven thousand acres now under the control of the Jiega Commons Trustees. V.Te ii nc ahvuys huld that the pro ' jjivsk of the town is in a measure re tarded by ill'.' 1 1 1 lt tip of so cvli.n sive an i:iv:i : ami tliaf-. as much of it. fonii;; n*!ii'l' tu liie JJ'iddorks of Lii'Mi'is ol ml ; lands, the to«'ii« J -] «in ii'ii, i-'-ally iv m, iniicli ailvan- | t.a^.1 fr. -iii t !;«? I't'^iif cm ([.'jiMstnre .st/ick I on these lami.v ft is h.ii'-l to prevnnl I the men v, il.lt lu-isf. i»ia;,ev ('rom I liiuM, lain!. 1 ».i MMiie leslricMi'iis shniiid j lie thrum, in i 1 1 :?- wna'-l prevent liu-jro . 1-i i:.;i -ei-.iie.! i,y prejseut adju oent lifi!d-'ix. ;nnl si preienting the possibility of a iiir.iilie.rtf new residents Kvw'.iv.g Vbemsclvvs witliin an t'.\sy distance of tho town. A suggestion with this view was made bv Air. Thomas Hawuxson, we believe 'o the Surveyor- General. Jlis idea was to put np altxu nate bloeUs at the first sale, and this suggestion is well worth con sideration. But before the sale, steps should be taken to secure an addition to the Per manent Common. \V« bare only as permanent reserve, 5 GO acres to the south of the town, and this, it is held, can he lopped oil' as the Govenuneut desire; 200 acres as a Rite for a lunatic asylum ; and the Recreation Reserve on tbe Tarraganda side. We need that the People's Park should be secured ; a site for the Agricultural Society should be granted j and the Hospital site should be set apart. These on the lands north west of tbe town, in the corner between Messrs. Gleeson's and Wood's properties. There is also need for, say, one thousand acres as a Per manent Reservation to the west- of the town, nnd about three hundred acres on the Tarraganda side. The fault that Bega lias committed in past vearp should not be repeated. The residents here in old days let the whole of the town lands slip a«'uy, and we see tho evil effect of their carelessness every day. Let us not sit still and see tbe whole of the Reserves pass atv-.vy into private hands. Wolumla School op Auts.— Tho formal opening fixod for Tuesday next, when tho programme, postponod from last month, will bo earned thiough. The order of the day will be dinner, addrossos, aud ball to follow. Our correspondent will doubtless furnish particulars as to the time for oaeh event as a guido to visitors from a distance. The Weatjieii. — Thundorstonn nnd heavy fall of rain on Monday morning seems to have been general throughout tho country. Hero nice steady rain foil nearly all tho day on Monday, and tho old grass is brightened up. If tlio frosts hold off until the middle of next month, there will bo a good addition to tlie winter's stock of food. Meringlo School. — No start yet with tho much-neodod building, and tho young sters will liavo to put tbrougli another ?winter in the miserable littlo hovel that has so long dono duty as a school homo. On enquiry we learn that Mr. Malcolm, tho contractor, is waiting for tho working plans, and these plans aro said to have been sont on many woeks ago, hut havo not yet reached their destination. Post Office Crush. — Notwithstand ing the oasomont brouglit about by tbe letter delivory tho delivery window at tho post oflico is still rushed. When is tho now building to be commenced is a question that is often asked, but ivo nevor hear any satisfactory reply to tho query. Tho last we heard of it was that Mr. John Malcolm's tender had been accepted, but who has the plans, or where is tlio delay, tho public is at a loss to know. Milddrn- Ciikhk Swindle. — Mr. E. A. Baker, late Minister for Lauds, who was expelled from the Assembly for his share in this questionable transaction, seeks to have the resolution of the House, declar ing hiui unfit to hold a seat, rescinded. His case was ably put before the House the other evening by Mr. Edmunds, a risius barrister, in an address of two hour's duration. The remarks of Mr. Edmunds were applauded by the spectators, when the Speaker ordered tlio galleries to be cleared. The debate was adjourned for a fortnight. 'Those Heifers.'—' We soo no need to publish ' A Brooder's' lottor. Mr. Hammond cannot havo been under the impression that when wo referred to a singlo hoifor of Mr. J. Otton's we com pared it with his as for tlio dairy pen prixe. Onr reference road clearly enough that, in our judgment, ' the beast was good enough to go for tho 'best, lieifer ' prize. We did not read tho letter referred to, and therefore cannot see tho drift of the suggestion that the porson who prowled round the pens in the moon light with his hat off could bo easily dis tinguished by the effect of the moon's rays ou tho top of his head. Town and Country Journal. — We find an able and exhaustive report of the show, the work, evidently, of the Agri cultural Kditor, Mr. Shepherd, inarecent number of this journal. The ' Haven ' last week furnishes several sketches. The pavilion is brought out in its superlative ugliness, hut it must be remembered that i it is only the impossibility of gfetting a right to the ground that has kept the committee from erecting a proper build ing long ago. The ring sltetch will hardly bear scrutiny, and one man, the one with the legs — if such au individual exists — has I grounds for an action for libel against tho sketcher. Cheese tasting is well bit off, I and there is some fun thrown into two little cuts, ' oblivious to admiration,' and ' first prize.' Match. — A race for £20 a-side came off on the racecourse, on Saturday last, between Mr.,R. Sharpe's Kaffir and Mr. R. McCarthy's Love Not. About a hun dred persons viBited the course, aud the skeleton of tbe stand was laden with men who thought they could see the race from their elevated position, but tho corn proved too high, aud the start and finish were all that could be seen of the run. Kaffir was slightly the iavorite, but hip condition was bad. A good start was effected, nnd after waiting for some time, during which someone facetiously re marked that ' the horses had perhaps gone into the corn for a feed,' the pair were seen coming down the straight, the mare slightly iu tlie lead ; but Ned McGrade, who piloted Kaffir, brought him up and won by about half a length. C. Momscurodc Love Not. The race was one mile. Orit Steam Tji.uie. — A general im pression seems to prevail that the socond boat has been taken off. This is in con seijucuco of thoro being no boat last Saturday, but tho matter was fully ex plained in tlio manager's telegram to us, the reason given being that tho Kame ruka was detained for repairs. From what wo hear tho trade is now consider ably more than one boat can manage, although, 'perhaps, hardly enough for two; and it is not likely that tho second boat will bo withdrawn, at least, until the wiuter months. It is thought that with a drogher nt Bermagui sufficient trado could be secured to keep the second boat regularly employed. We can safely say tint unless the I. S. N. Co. gives some attention to the neglected Port of J}er lnai;ui some other shipowners will take uii the trade, and then the mouoply of Tatlua and Merimbuln may be infringed on. It. is not likely that liermugui will lo1 1 it go a-liejririnir. A ' ,;i of 1 1 1 1 'ti . in which contagious suli stance* wore - r i . f 1 1 1 - I MV I] Sr*nt In J .fir! V ; Ycninn-H -j.r-: nut, wife of. the WocretavT ot | S'.-.te fur the Hume DjpurUicut. This* ne- j d- isn i- genially utt.ibatjd to Fenian agency. Puv.SttYTKKUN Pic-Nic. — The clsiWvoii attending tlie Presbyterian school were treated to a picnic on tlio Reserve, oil Friday last. There was a larj;e attendance, wa are informed, and all seemed to thoroughly enjoy tho day's outing. The ladies of tho congregation, with their usual liberality, provided the eatables. Towamiu SenooL. — A correspondent asks — 'What is the reason of tho delay with the Towainba School ? A longiimo since it was promised that tho laud should bo fenced so that children from a distance would bo able to put their horses in a seouro place for tho day. In consorpionco of this want eight or ten children liavo to stay Jnway. Over two months ago wo | heard that tho erection of new buildings would be at once undertaken, and that tho matter was iu tho hands of tho architect of tlio department, but surely he doos not need all that time to plan out a building similar to hundreds already erected in tho country. Tlie delay is not only in jurious to the children, but it is unfair to the toachor. No man can be expected to take a prido m his school, having to con duct it in such unfit premises, aud, more over, the additional number that would attend, if tho new building was up, aud tho ground fenced, would onablo the school to obtain a higher classification for attendance. I write iu overy way satis fied with Mr. Smith, my only dosire is to see him provided with proper promises.' Politics axu Finance. — A Sydney correspondent says : — ' Tho House is in a state of effervescence to-night re Baker's vindication ; I don't think much willcomo of it. Taylor is as bumptious as over, nnd ho has marked his disapproval of Stuart's demand for explanation about tho ;15 drunken members by shifting his scat from tho Government cross-bonchos to immediately behind tho leader of the Opposition. McElhono is a quieter man than he used to bo, and not so assiduous in his attention to Parliamentary duties. Copolaud looks 'quite cliopfallen,' but it is whispered that during recess, whan tho orthodox uiuo days' wonder is over, ho will bo reinstated ; sonio very good au thorities assort that ho will bo, and I would not ho surprised. Stuart working wheeler and leader nt tho same timo looks queer on any aer ussumpuuu. iwo or three big failures in Sydney aro reported as imminent, one for £1(10, 000 — judging from recent bank statistics a severo mone tary crisis is impending. Tho rato of in debtedness to banks now is over £,')0 per head of population ; during the crisis of 187S it was only £24 ; while thoro is over a million loss coin aud bullion now than thoro was thou.' Ca;.*delo. — Our correspondent writes : — 'A largo, representative and:intluenti»l mooting was held hero on Friday last, to inaugurate a niovomont to present a tes timonial to Mr. J. Davis, for his courtesy and obliging domoanour to tlioso who luid business transactions with him iu his capacity as Land Agont during tho past tliirtoon years in Bega. Tho prosenco of a groat number of selectors at tho mooting certainly bears testimony to tho esteem in which Mr. Davis is held by that body. Tho chairman, and tho proposers and seconders o£ the various resolutions woro nearly all selectors. Tho cliair was taken by P. Heffernan, Esq., who warmly oulo gized the conduct of Mr. Davis in liis treat ment of selectors. Mossrs. Keys, John J. Collins, and soveral other old residents spoke in a similar strain — a resolution was proposed that tho testimonial tako tlio shape of a purse of sovereigns. A subscription list was accordingly oponod, and about £60 was subscribed. From the warm manner in which tho matter lias boon taken up, by tho selectors es pecially, I believe tho affair will prove a great success.' A Fortune in Grass. — Repeated re ferences are made to the grass right of the Show ground, as if it woro a splendid station, and a magnificent property to hold. Woll tho facts aro these: — When tho land was fenced and put in ordor, tenders were called for renting tho land. An offer ofjsomo amount yearly was about to bo accepted, when tlie question of right occurred to the committee, and, on legal advice being obtained, it was found that their rights were almost nil, and that any person iu possession might defy thorn. Under these circumstances it was decided that the then secretary bo appointed cus todian of the ground. Any member had always a right to put in his liorse, and in some instances pigs were sent in. The late secretary never charged a farthing for any grass right, and for any public gather ing, unless a charge for admission at the gate was made, tho use of tho ground was always granted froe of chai-go. Malico may prompt a question of this assertion, but the Into secretary is prepared to pay £10 to tho hospital for overy shilling lie over received for grass, or any othor pur pose, for tho use of tho ground, provided tho accusor agrees to forfeit a like sum in tho event of failing in proof. If tho gift of a ghost of a cheese now and then, or tho presentation of a stray pumpkin ispay j enough for a secretary, why pay ton per cent for the work ? The late secretary doos not desire to blow his own trumpet, but he would ask isitseemly to constantly blackguard one who, at personal iuoon vcnionco aud actual loss, conducted the affairs of the Society at a time when tlie funds would not permit of payment to a salaried officer. This is all we shall say on this subject. Fiiom the Old Woni.n. — Among tbe many specifics introduced to the public for tlie cure ot dyspepsia, indigestion, derangements of various kinds, and as a general family medicine, none havo met with such genuine appreciation as Hop Bitters. Introduced to this country but a comparitively short time since, to meet the great demand for a pure, safe aud perfect family medicine, tlioy have rapidly increased in favor, until they are without question tho most popular and valuable medicine Known. Its world-wide renown is not due to the advertising it has received ; it is famous by reason of its inherent virtues. It docs nil that is claimed lor it. It discharges its curative powers without any of the evil cJTccts of other bitters or medicine, being perfectly safe and harmless for the most frail woman, smallest child, and weakest invalid to use. l'e\v are the homes indeed where the groat discovery has not already ljecn hailed as a deliverer and welcomed as a friend. It does what others aitect to do. Composed of simple materials, it is a marvel of delicate and successful combination. Nothing is wanting. Every ingredient goes straight to the marl; at which it is aimed, and never fails. Pleasant to the palate, agreeable to tbe stomach, and thoroughly effective as a cure it has won for itself the confidence of all. — The Tit n'.'x. London. 0 Great comet seen as late as 2nd March. A tragical scene was cnacted in the court house of s:. Louis Oil Februarys. One Parker, a man of evil reputation, was awaiting trial for murder, bis wife being present in court. Before his ease was culled, Parker retired, with the permission of the authorities, and accompanied liy his wife, to a private room, on p7etn-.n:-? of conmHing his lawyers. A few minutes later tlie court was startled by the report of a pistol, immediately succeeded by a second rrvlo-.io'i. With the tir=t shot Parker !: vl killed his wife, and wi'b the sec-aid hi :i e!f. In V-t h cn«ft3 wis inst.infaiiicuus. Tnc murder and suicide had been planned husband and wife, the pistol iieing supplied by Parker's sister. The li:»'l:o ; were removed from IV' courthouse amidst great popular excitement. 