',; ' ; ECBtOES OP MELBOURNE '?: ' f By The Ghost. 1 ?' ; ''?? Sept. 21.' Mea ? culpd, mea culpa, med maxima; culpa. I have placed a wrong date at the: head of one of my missives, and thus laid' myself' and' the Launceston Examiner open to the' grave charge of Sabbath breaking. Perhaps the world at large may forgive me, but I am sadly afraid my critic will look upon my sin' as; unpardonable ; and, between ourselves, if he may be fairly judged by the tone of his letter, I cannot reckon much upon his chanty. By the way, is not this the greatest of virtues ? Does it not cover, as with a' mantle, a multitude of pecadilloes ? Does it think evil ? Does it level accusations of fraud and untruthfulhess at all and sundry ? 'The Ghost's' echoes concooted in Patterson-street, Launceston, forsooth ! Ah ! if my censor could only have heard the cheers that greetedthe Rev. Charles Strong when that gentleman rose to address the meeting held in the Mel bourne Town Hall to inaugurate the Working Men's Club, they would have dispelled much of the bitter bile of ' personal malignity,' to borrow a phrase of Sir Charles Duffy's, which runs through his ? epiBtle, and have, perhaps, brought him over to think with the greater num ber of people here, who believe that one of the worthiest,' most sincere, and hard working ministers in Viotoria has been sacrificed ; to the, narrow vi&ws; of a few bigoted Presbyterians. 'The Ghostly' echoes which, have so roused his saintly ire are, indeed, those , of Victoria's me tropolis.- And they are, moreover, a true repetition of the sounds that greet the attentive' listener to what is,'; going on' jin-the busy world around him; .:Now|' will he credit tho sincerity with which I cry Peccavi ? He should do so at once, at all events if I rightly gauge his large powers of gullability, by the readinesa he has shown to swallow such an absurd surmise as that the 'Echoes' emanated from Patteraou-atreet ! ' Doapito the break in the week's pro ceedings caused by tho adjournment of the Assembly, consequent upon tho death of Mr. M'Grogor, one of the representa tives of Emerald Hill, and the holiday taken for a fortnight by tho Legislative Council, there has been a fair amount of work performed by our legislators. The Malloe Loasing Bill has passed through Committee, and when the Government havo ascertained through their whips what way tho cat is likaly to jump, and have made up their minds to what term they will enlarge the tenure of the B blocks, the measure will be ready for transmission to the Upper House. The Melbourne Tramway Company's Bill has been passed through its filial stages, and now only requires the Governor's assent to become law. The Marriage and Matrimonial Causes Statute Amendment Bill, conjointly with a measure relating to the custody of infants, have also been transmitted to the Council, and the Forfeited Mining Shares Bill and some other minor measures been read a second time. The heart of Mr. Nimmo must also have been made glad by the passing of the long desired Harbour Trust Amendment Bill. But after all there is not much of a clearance of the notice paper, for as fast as one measure dis appears it is replaced by another. The most unsatisfactory feature in the week's proceedings is the statement made by Mr. Gillies in reference to the railway brake question. Thdse who expeoted something definite and explicit; were sadly disappointed. The question as to whether Wood or Westinghouse is to carry the day, is apparently -as far from solution as ever. Is the Ministry 'of all the talents going to perpetrate a' job?; It really looks like it. , , . ? ' The working man ' has, again been trotted out by his kind friends. These philanthropic gentlemen 'consider that the advantages of society club3 should not be exclusively confined' to the ' oligarchs ' and the ' upper ten thou sand.' So tho Anglican Bishop, the Rev. Charles Strong, and a Supreme Court judge, were' induced to mount the platform in company with such trusty and trusted friends of the people as Mr. Berry and Mr. Murphy, and a string of cut and dried resolutions affirming the desirableness of establishing ' Working Men's Clubs' agreed' to - unanimously. Why the advisabloneaa of taking this step had not previously dawned upon the artizans and mechanics of Victoria is somewhat of a mystery. As a rule this section of our population has been fully alive to its own interests, and haa re quired no outside help to assist it in gaining a position which similar classes in other countries may well envy. It is somewhat surprising, therefore, that there were no dissentiente at the Town Hall meeting, and that no voice was raised to tell the well meaning enthusiasts that the 'working men' were perfectly able to band themselves together to look after themselves whenever au'ch action waa desirable, and required no patronage from their ' pastora and masters.' Sin gular to state, although Dr. Moorhouse, Mr. Justice Higinbotham, and the other ' Bwells ' who expatiated so eloquently and gushingly on the benefits of club life all expressed themselves as strong advo cates of the system, they did not suggest that the portals of the Melbourne Club should be thrown open to ' the working man;' In such a democratic country as this, where all men are equal— or if any . thing' Jack is rather better than his master — all men aro 'clubable,' and the suggestion would have been a practical one. ' There has been a rather sensational bank robbery, the shareholders of the Commercial being in this instance the sufferers. How the robber or robbers can. have carried off some seventy pounds weight of bar gold, opening two strong room doors and an iron safe, and again locking them previous to leaving the pre: mises, is just a little myaterious. . How ever, the gold has vanished, and up to the present there is no clue to the light fingered— but withal heavy laden— per- petrators of the offence. ? .Will pur detec tives prove smart enough to. discover the offender? ' \ \ ? Their Honors the Judges have during the week been sitting in their capacity as arbiters of matrimonial quarrels, and have in a number , of cases dissolved the mutual tie. None of the suits, however, with the exception of that of Huckling v. Huckling and Bromfield, possess very much interest. In this one,- however, the position of the plaintiff as a bank manager, and of the -, respondent as a former ward in chancery, add a certain amount of eclat to the proceedings. The deluded husband is now freed from his conjugal liabilities, so far at least as his late wife is concerned; but his children still remain in his charge, and he is now endeavouring to obtain some of \ the fortune of his; peccant spouse to assist in their maintenance. The lady and the gay Lothario— rwho by., the way is some twenty years: younger than ?the faithless wife— after a short residence : in Dunedin have betaken themselves to San Francisco, i the atmosphere of which locality is sup posed to be eminently congenial to per sons in the peouliar position at present occupied by the respondent and corespon dent. Another of the cases which serve to show how small is the dread of conse quences entertained by some persons, has justocourredin Riohmond. Mr. Taylor, whose name was only two or three months ago prominently before the public in con nection with Miss Celestine Frost, and certain1 mal-practicesin regard to this young I lady, is again in trouble. A young girl jf named Florence Blanche Waddilove has* died in the now famous — or infamous — Warman's cottages under most suspicious cjreumstances. The victim is barely sixteen years of age, and was of a most prepossessing appearance. Indications at the post-mortem examination revealed the fact that the poor girl had given birth to a child within a few days of her death. A coronial inquiry has been commenced, and was on Thursday adjourned for a week. It is not likely, however, to result in the committal of the estimable person who has already been arraigned three times before tho Supreme Court, charged with endeavouring by illegal means to limit the increase of the population. It was shown that Florence Waddilove had been tampered with before she took up her abode with Mrs. Taylor, whose par ticular avocation, is likely to... gain. ad-.,'-. ditional publicity from the; pro- ? ceedings. ..:??.;... ,-. .-.? . . The late railway accident at Newhiarkei when a passenger train ran into a^ lot' off cattle trucks, and a number of travellers were, according to their own account, more, and, in the estimation of the ' Government, less hurt, turns' out to have been one of those mishaps for which. ' '' nobody' is to blame. The pointaman and engine driver, both ' committed for' | trial at the inatance of the railway authorities, have been tried and acquitted on a charge of negligence. Defeotive brake' ' power is alleged to have'sole'ly . caused the disaster. The brakes ought, therefore, to be tried. And to those who- ' may say that they have undergone this . ordeal, the reply may be made, 'Try them agaiu, the last trial waB-not a fair one.'. ' '.'? :..;.'''' . ;'.,'.; . ''?'-. JNo change took place in ' the' theatrical.', bill of fare during the week. To-night,; , however, the programme is a new one at all the principal places of amusement. At ? the Royal the Williamsons disappear, and .'' give room to Jenny Lee, who re-appears before a Melbourne audience as 'Jo.' At the Princess the too long played 'Fatinitza' is replaced by 'Prince- ' Methu8alem,' in which a now tenor, Mr. Walshe, who achieved a succis d1 estime as ' Julian Hardy, is again to appear. At the; ' Bijou ' Jealousy' is to give place . to '? ' A. Living Statue,'' and 'at thei Opera- -i House the Montague-Turner ' Operatic Troupe are still' delighting good audiences; ' by', their charming rendering ..',', qt. '? the.' favourite works of both Italian arid ,, , English maistros. ' ? ?? . . '? .. *. .. ? ?? ^ ? -'.- ?' .,...? . .? 