Sftetcber. IN THE DEATH STATION. 7BOM THE BECOUiECTIOKS OF & SXBEBXAS I has lived four years as exile in Siberia, in the village of Baiachca, when one night the opportunity came to escape with the horse and sleigh belonging to the inspector of the exiles. I flew out of the village and all night long through solitary plains of snow without stopping. As dawn approached I saw a village on my right, bat fearing recognition and capture I went on across the endless wastes of snow, after pausing down in a ravine to feed my horse and strengthen myself with brandy. On I went, the whole day without having seen a single human being. Toward night my horse grew weary and soon could only walk. At last he Etood still, panting heavily. I was uneasy, for I feared if I remained quiet there on the plain, I mi^ht be surprised either by wolves or by the innumerable tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, I did not know in what direction I had journeyed -daring the last hoars, for I might have approached the place I started from. For readiness in any case, I drew out two revolvers, also stolen from our inspector, charged each barrel with ball and laid them both before me. After my horse had stood awhile and eatsi Enow, he showed readiness to proceed. But whither? I did not know, and left it to the horse to go where he would. As Boon as he felt the loose rera he turned at once to the left and went off in a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darter tUl at last I could scarcely see a step before me. Bat the horse seemed to trace something, for he pointed his ears continually and looked steadily before him- I also was watchful, and standing up in the sleagb, gazed straight •head. But I saw and beard nothing, and was about to Bit down again sphen i suddenly perceived a point of light in the distance. My horse also aw It and trotted faster forward. This "light might tome from a farmhouse window.but it might also cxine from a fire bo3t Tiy wanderers in the snowy desert. "Be it what it may," I said to myself, " I must get out <& this uncertain situation, though faS in with zoUbexB." Soon afterward I could discern the outline f a great structure which stood alone in the middle of the deBerLaandltrom whose ^ónej was wi^o^^he' isystcf Mj^Shown. I especially struck spŁh the£aoneliness of the 1 buildiigjMidtbe smoke wiuch came from Hie one window.-.; Jfcaid of pong observed,. I lrovejńowly "anCl^uietly op, stopped by the baek wSU of the Strange building, fastened (he horse to a post, threw a heap of hay before him, and then stole cautiously, and noiselessly up to the window whence the light streamed. Accustomed to the darkness, my eyes could at first distinguish nothing of the interior; it was only after some minutes that I realized the picture presented to my view. But tins scene was so frightful that my Wood curdled in my veins, my hair-rose on end and a cold sweat broke out on my brow. The whole interior of the banding was filled with smoke which rose from a burning pile of logs in the centre. Bound this fire sat three men whose faces had a fantastic look in the red glow of the fire. Near the hearth, in the loose boards of the floor, a great opening was visible, from which six men, one after another, soon came out, and each bore a stiffened human corpse ! The bodies were wrapped only in linen, and were chalk-white from frost. The bearers wore peasants' dress, and were robust fellows with rough, repulsive faces. Two of the men sitting round the fire were dressed in city clothes, while the third ap- peared like a butcher; he wore a bine apron, had his sleeves rolled up and hdd a great knife in his hand. When the six peasants entered with their dreadful burden, the three stepped back from the fire, and the six corpses were put in their place, erect round the pile of logs like candles ! It was a horrible sight for me ! The fire glared upon the white forms of the dead, whQe over their heads the black smoke gathered. I distinguished, among them four men, a woman and a boy. One of the male corpses had a beard of extraordinary length. When the bodies were somewhat thawed they were taken by the peasants from the fire and laid on the door on the outspread linen. At the same moment the " butcher" went np to the corpses with his great knife and thrust it deep in the abdomen of the one nearest him. I could not explain to myself the meaning of this whole scene. I simply stared, and saw how with almost indifference the 11 butcher" ripped open the abdomen, took out the insides, carved, divided, and showed to the city dressed men, and then thrust again into the body belonging to them. I had often in my life witnessed terrible events, but what I saw here went beyond all htunan conception. It seemed to be that all this was more a fantasy of my wearied brain than a reality. I remembered how authors of horrible tales after presenting a train of impossible, .unhealed of occurrences and exciting the reader's curiosity to the highest degree, suddenly broke off with the simple sentence : " I walked up, the bright sunshine, etc." What happened in romances might be in .reality. I rubbed my eyes, looked, tried to collect my thoughts, in vain! -I did not sleep, I saw, I heard,I breathed! Before me the wall of the awful building, blackened by the eternal storms; near me my tethered horse, and my sleigh; all about me a boundless waste of snow; above me the sullen, clouded Siberian heavens. What should Ido? I thought to myself. Should I fly? But where ? Or should I penetrate into die house and shoot down these desecrators of the dead ? Terrified, benumbed, I stood there half dead and did not know what to decide npon. At lastl concluded to abandon this unlucky post of observation. I wanted to steel softly to my sleigh again and run up and down, but my feet refused to serve me. I tried to scream out; my voice died in my throat. An impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts, paralyzed my will. I already began to doubt the correctness of my judgment. I could not understand who Iwas, who these dreadful people were, what was the object of their terrible doings. Finally the moment came, the one moment* in my life when I began to believe in a supernatural world, in ghosts or mystic sorcery. Bnt this moment did not last long. Then, as I, so perplexed, mused and stared within, I suddenly felt 6omeone from behind seize me by my fur collar and roar fearfully at me. like a broken straw I dropped without a sound and knew no more that happened to me. When I recovered my consciousness and opened my eyes, 1 lay in the snow while the two men in city clothes rubbed my forehead with snow and tried to revive and encourage me. " Ton are frightened, my friend," one of them said to me. "Do not fear; we will do nothing to you. We are doctors and here only in the discharge of our duty." "Yes—but the corpses." I could ssarcely utter the words. "The corpses, brother," one of the men replied, " are of the peasants in this region who died of cholera, and here in the Death Station we have dissected them. By accident you witnessed the most repugnant work of our office. Such a scene is offensive to anyone, bnt most so to those who have never before seen it. If it is agreeable to you to travd with us to the next post-station, it will give us great pleasure," concluded the amiable doctor. But- I thanked him for his invitation, pleaded a pressing business journey, climbed then with the assistance of both doctors into my sleigh, and rode swift as an arrow off and away. I breathed freely when I felt myself alone again on the plains, but I was long agitated by what I had seen in the Lonely Death Station. In Siberia sudden deaths frequently occur, bat there in such a case they may not inter the body without its inspection by the police and a post mortem examination by physicians; bat the number of doctors in Siberia is insufficient, so, between the solitary villages 60- called Death Stations are erected, to which the dead are brought and placed in cold cellars built for |them, remaining there till a police and medical commission arrives and gTarnimw! them. Then, only, are they separately conveyed to their lonely burial places and interred. Thns I was the involuntary witness of such a judicial post mortem, and I shudder even now when I recall that night daring my flight from Siberia.— From the German. 