jlgdueg Sfouch. (By the Sentinel.) The political quid nunc at present is in a state of complacent imbecility ; the "best infor mer" on public matters know as little as possible; and finally, the Government, with their eloquen- tial henchman, Mr. Dalley, are most probably concerned for the most part, not with the care of certain matured measures which they have ready to lay before Parliament when it meets, but/ on the contrary, await in a painful state of doubt the issue of a difficult problem which they were appointed to solve, but which with certain ponderous variations, they will, when the time comes, again present for the consideration of the concentrated intellectual forco of this colony, as represented by Parliament. Of course, I refer to the Land Question. It may be that this is a cynical view of the position occupied by the pre sent Ministry. But then, it must be taken into account that the people have fed upon promises for such along and. weary time ; also wo should bear in mind that the men now occupied in the herculean task of dealing with certain vital ques tions are no', to put it mildly, the pick of the land, intellectually speaking, and that they follow in tho wake of men, who, whatever may have been their shortcomings, have earned for them selves a great public reputation as leaders of ihe people. But the time is rapidly approaching, when the executive and legislative ability of the Stuart Ministry will be put to a severe test, and until then, argument and speculation may as well be avoided for all the good they are calculated to effect. the glebe election. The election of a candidate for the Glebe elec torate, has terminated in the return of Mr. Chap man. There were three candidates, the other two being Mr. Pntchard, a well- known auction eer, and Mr. Daly, a young man of Hibernian origin and aspiring soul. It was pretty well un derstood that Chapman would be the winning horse, albeit he has not shown as yet any gieat talent for the important position he has been elected to fill, and (hat he is nut likely to startle the public in the course of years to come may be safely piophecied, forasmuch as he happens to have approached very nearly the time of living aluttc-d to human beings ; in other word, if Mr. Chapman, the new member for the Glebe, was ever intended to make a big public figure, he ought to have exhibited some indications of un usual capacity ere this, which, to put it shortly, he has not exhibited. Hut the position may be explained in a few words. The Glebe electors made the best of a bad bargain. Thay had a miserable "choice" at best, and they chose Mr. Chapman. Mr. O'Sullivan, a pushing young man of democratic tastes, was a candidate early in the contest, but wisely withdrew when he found tl at the votes would be split up and les son his chance against more influential men. So far as the successful party is concerned, I do not think that his influence in the coming struggle will extend further than the single vote he has to record. But single vote3will be of great val ue next session, and it will be interesting to ob serve how they are distributed when the political " tug of war" comes on. the " herald " libel case. The Herald libel case has occupied a large sham of public attention, and notwithstanding the verdict of the jury, which of course was considerably influenced by the Judge's summing up, the general feeling appears to be that the Herald has been most unfairly dealt with, and that the freedom of the press, and as a conse quence the liberty of the people is in danger. This ha3 been the public sentiment from the de claration of the verdict, but since that event the action of the Judges sitting as a species of ap peal court, has actually aroused public indigna tion. The proprietors of the Herald applied for a new trial before the Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Fawcett, and Sir George Innes, the lat ter of whom tried the case in which Anderson sued for damages against the Herald. " From tho jump," to use a sporting phrase, it appeared evident that Sir James Martin held very strong views on the matter. He 13 known to have ex pressed decidedly strong opinions on the subject of " newspaper privilege and he was not slow to speak his mind iu this direction when the ap plication was before the Full Court. A new trial was refused, and the Herald proprietary, for publishing certain comments, after the libel case had been heard, were called upon to show «anse jjtvhy they should not bo committed for contempt. And now comes the extraordinary part of the business, which has well nigh ex hausted public patience. The answers to the charge were fully heard, and the court promised to deliver judgment on a certain day, a week afterwards On the arrival of that day, how ever, last Monday, the court was not ready with its judgment, and again postponed the matter till Friday, though for what reason does not ap pear, since their Honors had surely ample time to arrive at a decision. The Daily Telegraph, which, irom a journalistic point of view, has not taken a creditable stand in discussing the principle involved, has at last evinced a spark of the right- feeling and honest indignation, and comments severely on the impropriety and un fairness of such unnecessary delay. And from thiB latter fact alone may be gathered an idea of the state of popular feeling on this decidedly im portant subject. There can be no doubt that the question of amending the libel law of the colony will under any circumstances come be fore Parliament in no uuuiiatakeable manner during next ee«ion. the captain of the pathan. By means of the telegraph your readers will have heard something of the cases brought against the captain of the Patlsan, which, by the waj', brought out those undesirable visitors, the Inviucible3 of infamous. 1 epilation. The charges brought against the captain are in effect that the provisions supplied to the passengers were unfit for human consumption. Of course there has betn a good deal of hard swearing, but some of tho cases have bein decided, and it seems that Ihe passengets had good cause for complaint agaiiiBt the owners of the ves el. One good result of the exposure ha-i been the fact of attention being drawn to the treatment of steer age passengers on ocean going vessels. It was only yesterday that a passenger by one of the New Zealand steamers complained to me of the accommodation in this respect supplied to steer age passengers. The price paid for a passage fiom that colony direct to Sydney, is at the rate of £1 per day ; and yet the food dealt out, in hog-like fashion, is worse than that provided tu nny sixpenny eating house in Melbourne or Sydney. a shocking case. In one of tho Chinese quarters of this city a most deplorable case of depravity ha3 been dis closed. It appears that a young lad having gone away from his home, aud no tidings being heard of him, enquiries were set en foot, and it wa3 discovered that he had been enliced by a girl of his own age, under 12 years, to live with her at Ihe residence of some Chinamen. They were found in a cellar under the premises, both the girl and the boy being in a miserable con dition. Thoy were suffering from an unmen tionable disease, which had made such rapid ad vancement owing to neglect and the unclean nature of the surroundings, that they were in a state of utter decay, and scarcely fit to be touched. The sight presented by these young creatures was most harrowing, andean belter be imagined than described. As a matter of fact, a detailed account of the case would be utterly unfit for publication. The children, for such they are, though old in sin, were removed to the hospiial, and, as yet the only step taken against the owners of the place ha3 been to charge them with keeping dirty premises. But it has transpired that the boy, in answer to questions, stated that the girl who enticed him to her mis erable companionship was simply teaching him what she had been taught by the Chinamen who kept the house iu which they were found. There i3 every reason to fear that this case is only one of many others of a similiar character, yet un discovered in the haunts of our Celestial breth ren. exportation of chinese bones. By a vessel recently from New Zealand, there arrived a shipment of the bones of expired China men, en route for the Celestial Empire. This fact would scarcely be worth mentioning were it not for another unsavory fact that the said bones, not having been properly boiled or scrap ed, retained too much of the dead Chinamen in the flesh ; which decaying, leaked through the boxe3 containing them, aud anm tinted some po tatoes and o!her stores intended for Chris iait consumption. Hence, 011 the fact being made known, the " bone watriors" were put in quar antine, and remained in that state til! to-day. A good many suggestions were made in print as to what should be done with the bones — some writers contending that the unwholesome cargo should be taken out to sea and consigned to the deep for sharks to sharpen their appetites on. The matter has ultimately been arranged, how ever — by the way there was a good deal of mat ter about those bones —by the " consignment" being transhipped, and they are now on their way to Hongkong — a cheerful cargo truly. new journal. A new illustrated weekly paper called " The Jester" has been started in Sydney. It is, of course, a comic production, and 1 was abont to say that in that respect, rivals the " Sydney Punch." This would be a gross libal oh "Punch," which has long ago forsaken the field of comedy, and has set up as a kind of grave-yard organ iu which nothing more frivolous ever appears than a German ghost legend, or sncli stories as " Ga briel Grub's experiences among the Goblins." The first number of " The Jester" looks well, Clint and Mason, two good artistes, are connect ed with it. But — well, I don't wish the pro prietors any harm. There is scarcely room for a paper of i:s class here at present. But we could do with a second morning daily. I mean, of course, something in the shape of a newspaper which would take in Sydney the position occu pied by the " Age" in Melbourne. theatricals. The Theatres are all doing good business. At the Opera House, Mr. Dttnning's Company have been receiving liberal patronage for " Manola," and other pieces. Charming little Jennie Lee has attracted, and still continues to draw crowds to the Theatre Royal, where "Jo," "the Grass hopper," and " The Ticket of Leave Man" have been produced in succession ; and at the Mason ic Hall, the Federal Minislrels open on Saturday next. 