DONALD GRANT. By GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of " Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," c, c. CHAPTER II. FROM the two or three incidents of his journey recorded, my readers may see something of the sort of man Donal now was not very like most of the people they know, but not therefore the less worthy of being known, for though many are called-and come too, in a way-few are chosen The taste of the present age is to hear of the common kind, not the uncommon, but it shall not from me The story of the chosen must be better worth telling than that of the merely called Donal was very queer, some of my readers will think, and I admit it, for the man who regards the affairs of life from any other point than his own leady self must be queer indeed in the eyes of all slaves to their imagined necessities and unquestioned desires It was evening when he drew nigh the point to which he had directed his steps It was a little country town, not very far from a famous seat of learning , there Donal would make inquiry before going further It was not so far from home as to make immediate return a difficult, should any thing happen to render his presence there desirable Also, the hamster of his own parish knew the minister of the town, and had given him a letter of introduc- tion to him The country around had not a few dwellings of distinction in it, and at some one or other of these there might be children a want of a tutor The sun was setting over the bills behind him as he entered the little town At last it looked but like a village, fair on the outskirts through which the king's highway led were but thatched cottages, with here and there a slated house of one story and in attic Presently, however, began to appear houses of larger size, few of them of more than two stones, but most of them looking as if they had a long and not very happy history Allatoncc he found himself in a street, with quaint gables turned to it, gables with car bel steps, or, as they called them, toils stain, with some occult allusion per h lips to the messenger sent out by No iii which never retained in the minds of the children, places- for the lily bud to lost upon '1 here w el of one or two curious grow as s with some attempts at decoration, and one house with two of those pepper pot tunics which Scottish architecture has borrowed from the French chateau The heart of the town consisted of a close built a new street with several short closes and we miss opening out of it-in all of them ancient looking houses in the whole place was not one shop ft out, as it is called after c w el c shops not a few, but then windows were the windows of dwelling houses, as they had all been when the wants of the inhabitants were fewer, and as then upper parts were now Civilisation brings desires, which glow to wants, then to imagined necessities, and so hung on weakness and a facility In those shops one could get as good a supply of the necessities of life as in an great town, and cheaper also You could not get a coat so well cut, and a p m of shoes to fit you so tight with out hurting, as in some huge towns, but you would get first rate work better much than in many places of superior pretensions This was the town of Anchors at least that is the name I choose to give it the streets wore roughly paved with round water-worn stones some so small that Donal was not sorry he had not to walk fat upon them The setting sun sent his shadow before him as he entered the place. He went in the middle of the street looking on this side and that for the hostel to which he had been directed usa pi ice to put up at, and whither he had despatched his chest before leaving home One gloomy building apparently uninhabited, specially attracted his attention for an nive Imitat j tin ill went through his spirit when his eyes last fell upon it. It consisted of three low stones, all the windows defended by iron stanchions The door was studded with great knobs of non and looked as if it had not been opened for years. A little beyond and plains the sun was disappearing behind him, he saw the sign he was in star oh of It swung in front of an old fashioned dingy building, with much for its share of the old w of his look that per Yarded the place The last red rays of the sun fell upon the sign, lighting up a sorely faded coat of arms Its supporters, two red horses on their hind legs, were all of it that could be made out with ease the crest above suggested a skate, but could hardly have been intended for one They were the Morven aims A greedy eyed man stood in the doorway, with his hands in his trousers pockets He looked with contemptuous scrutiny at him of the bare feet approaching his trap He had black hair and black eyes, and his nose looked as if a heavy finger had been set upon the top of its point while it was yet in the condition of clay, and had pressed it downwards so that the nostrils aw oiled wide beyond their base Underneath was a big mouth with a good set of teeth, and a strong upturning chin It was an ambitious and greedy face "A fine day, landlord '" said Donal " Aj, ' answered the man, without changing the posture of one taking his case against his own door-post, or removing his hands from his pockets, but looking Donal up and down in the conscious superiority caused by the undoubted f Trendall of Mammon, and casting his eyes on his bare feet and the trousers folded up to give free play to those laborious extremities, with a look befitting the indication they afford of what was to be gained from their owner " This 'll be the Morven Arms, I'm thinkin' < ' said Donal " It Jackson muckle thought to think that," rain ned the innkeeper. " when there they hung over } or held there " Assard Donal "there's something there -and' it's an ms I doubted, but it's no a* body has the press allege o' a cowshed Indication in heraldry like ycrseV, landlord I'm bound' to confess for what I ken they might be the arms of' one family of ten score " There was but one weapon with which John Gluium was assailable and that was ridicule, with all his Hclf sufficiency he stood in terror of that-and the more covers the ridicule, so long as he suspected it, the more he resented as well as di ended it He stopped into the street, and taking a hand from a pocket, pointed up to his sign " See till " he said. " Dinna ye see the two reid horse *" "Ay," answered Donal, "I see them wool enough, but I'm none the wiser nor glen they w or two a reid w hauls Man," he went on, turning sharp found upon the fellow, "motions caw pablo o' conceived' the extent of my ignorance ' It's as rampant as the reid horse upon j or sign ' I'll yield to nobody at the amount of things I dinna ken !" The man stared at him for a moment. "Is warrant'," he said, "ye ken mair nor you care to let on '" "An' what may that be owes thqhoido'them for a ci ost ' ' asked Donal " It's a base pearl beset," answered the land lord He had not a notion of a hat a base meant, nor yet pearl beset, yet he prided himself on his knowledge of the w or di, "Eli," returned Donal," "I took it for a skate IT "A skate," repeated the landlord, with Ifcndod sneer, and turned towards the house I I was thinkin' to put up at your house the night, given ye could accommodate me at a moveable rate," said Doniil. " dinna- ken," rejoined John Glumm, hesitating, with his back to Donal, between unwillingness to lose a penny and resentment at the supposed badinage, which was in Donal nothing but humorous good faith what was ye ca' reasonable ?" "I wadna crutch a sixpence for my bed; a shilling' I west coast over muckle," answered Donal. " Weel, ninepence, thai>-forycsccmnaowcr come wi' silver. " Na," answered Donal " I'm no that whatever my burden, yon's no hit. The loss of what I had was hardly make me better to run the race set afore mc 1" "You're a queer customer!" said the man, without the ghost of an idea as to Donal's meaning. " I'm no sac queer," rejoined Donal, " but I have lost comm' by the carrier, directed to the Morven Arms. He'll be here in time, doubt less." " We'll sec when it comes," remarked the landlord, implying that the chest was easier for Donal to mention than for the landlord to believe "The worst of is," continued Donal, " that I canna weel shaw mysel' wanting' shine. I had a pair of' my fist, but that's no o' my feet." 'There's sutors anew the soon to make shine for a regiment," said the innkeeper. "It's men's, no makin', I'm in want of'. Whaur does yer minister bide ? Whiiur's the cause, I mean?' " No far, but he's free hand the noo ; and' forty he (lives care about tramps. He winds water muckle and' the likes o' you." The landlord was recovering himself, therefore his insolence. Donal gave a laugh. The thoroughly simple, those content to be what they are, have the less concern about what they seem. The ambitious, who like to be taken for more than they are, may well be annoyed when they are taken for less. "I'm thinkin' ye wadna do muckle for a tramp either 1" he said. "I was not," answered Glumm. "It's the part of an honest man to discountenance a' tins of' lawlessness." " Ye wadna hang the poor creatures, wad ye?" asked Donal. "I wad hang a wheen mair of them nor comes aft to the sudden." " Ye mean well, doubtless ; but give yo was a day to be in want yourself' !" "We'll side till that day comes. But what are you standing' there yawn' for? Do you take me for a gype ? Are you coming in, or are ye no ?" " It's a some could welcome we offer me!" said Douar. It's true I'm tired, but I's just take a luck about afore I make up my mind. A tramp, yo ken, has had to stand' upon' ceremony." " He has to hand a Keevil tongue in's held !" said Glumm. , Donal turned sharp round, but the man was already in the house, and in the act of disappearing down a passage. He turned away and walked further along the street. He had not gone far before he came to a low arched gateway in the middle of a poor-looking house. Within it on one side, sat a little bowed man, cobbling diligently at a boot. The light of the west, where the sun had left behind him a heap of golden refuse and cuttings of rose and purple, shone right in at the archway, and enabled the little short-sighted man to go on after work-hours were naturally over. This was the very man Donal needed ! A respectable shoemaker would have disdained to patch up such a pair of shoes as he carried especially as the owner had none on his feet. Ministry is not the rule of our Christianity. But here was one who doubtless would minister to his needs " It's a bonny night." said Donal. "You may well say that, sir!" replied the cobbler without looking up, for a somewhat critical stitch occupied him. " It's a balmy night." "That's rather a bonny word to putting!" returned Donal; "there's a kin' o' me' all about the place I was hardly have thought balmy! But doubtless that's no the fault of the night? "You're right there also, returned the cobbler; and his use of the conjunction impressed Donal as indicating a tendency to con- tinuity of thought. " But the weather has to do with smelled' the mair or less of, that is. It comes from a tannery no far from here. But it's no an ill smell to them 'advised that; an' ye won't hardly believe me, sir, but I can smell the clover through 't a'. Maybe I'm some pi-cejtidccccd in' favour of' the place, scents' but for the tan pits I couldnt weel drive my trade; but sittin' here this morning' to night 1 get a kind' of' habit of' looking' out for my blessings. To recognise an auld blessing' is 'most better nor to get a new one. A pair of shine weel cobbler's full better nor a pair of' new ones." "Ay ere they," said Donald "but I dinna just see boo yer scemily applies." "Isna getting' on a pair of' allie well kept sermon, at winna nip yer feet nor let in the water, like comin' to ken a blessing' yo has been racing' for months, maybe years, only ye didna ken 't for me? It's a sudden glorification of' the auld shine." As he said this the cobbler lifted a little wizened face and a pair of twinkling eyes to those of the student, revealing a soul as original as his own. He was one of the in- wardly inseparable, outwardly far divided, company of Christian philosophers among whom individuality as well as patience is free to work its perfect work but a God-possessed individuality. In the moment of that glance Donal saw a ripe soul looking out of its tent door, sill but ready to leap abroad in the sunshine of the new life. But the world would think not a straw more of a poor disciple if they saw the Lord sitting talking with him nay, if they heard their talk- for it would not be of the electric light, or of telephones, or of shares, or the opening of new hunting grounds for the manufacturers of the west; it would be only old-fashioned and superstitious, dealing with the roots of being and well-being. But what can money do to console a man with a headache? Donal stood for a moment lost in a sort of eternal regard of the man whom he seemed to have known for a few ages at least, when the cobbler looked up again. "We'll be wantin' a job in' my line, I'm thinking,'" he said, with a kindly mood towards Donal's shoeless feet. " There's smallness of' that," returned Donal. " I had scarce started, but lower far free hand to gang back, when the soles 'are shoe came off, an' I had to tramp it is' none but mine sin. But I dress them on wi' me. no harm' to fa' in wit and o' your profession who was help me." " An' I's warran' yo thanked the Lord, when the sole came off, at ye had been brought up wi' soles o' yer rain as touch's ony leather, an fit for wayfaring' 1" "To tell the truth," answered Donal, I has see many things to be thankful for at it's but small wonder gin I forget some of' them. But you're the right, an' the Lord's name be praise rat he gave me feet fit for ganging' upo' !" Donal took his shoes from where they hung at his back, and, untying the string that bound them, presented the ailing one, with deference of one asking help to the cobbler. " That's what we may ca' (leith !" remarked the cobbler, as he regarded the sorely invalided shoe. Donal caught his meaning. "Ay, (leith it is," he answered, for it's a sair divorce of solo an' body." " It's a some auld farrand joke," said the cobbler, " but the fun until a thing does were not only mair nor the poetry or the growth until 'it." Donal was charmed with his new acquaintance. " Who would dare say there was no provi- ' dence in the loss of my shoe solo?" he remarked to himself. "Here I am In this unknown place, with a friend already !" The cobbler was submitting the shoes, first the sickly, then the comparatively sound one, to a thorough scrutiny, " Yo dinna think them worth mending, I I doubt?" said Donal, with a touch of anxiety in his tone. "I never thought that of' any while the leather would have the stick, replied the cobbler. "But whiles, I confess, Tin jist a wheen troubled to don her to charge for the week. For it's no barely to be considered the time it'll take mc to loot them up. but whether the pair body's like to got enough oot o' them to make it worth their while to pay for a my time waist. I canna tak mair free them nor it'll be worth to them. You see, the water the shine The mair time they take to make them worth anything are'." " But surely you ought to be paid in proportion to your labour." " But in' that case I want whites have to say till a pair body at had no another pair the war' at that same bird aland pair or' shine was no worth money' ; and' that might be a bert a break, an' sair feet forty-two sic that was no, like you not', sir, born wool shed." "But how will you make a living that way ?" said Donal, delighted to hear him. Boots, the master of the trade 'will see to my wages." manwho may that be?" " He was never a cobbler himself', but he was once a bright (carpenter), an' noo he's lifted up to be the head of a the trades, cobblers an' a'. An' there's one thing he cannot hide, and that's pairing' close." He stopped, but Donal held his peace that he might go on, and he did go on. To them at milks least, for rizzons glide, by their member, he gives the best wages which they gang have. Them at make a at they can, he says til them, ' Yo helped yersel help aways nee yer reward. Come as near me, for I canna side." But about that shine o' yours. I dinna wee! ken. They're weel encircle worth doing' the best I can for them ; but the morn's Sunday, an' what have ye to put on ?" "Jiacthing-till my last comes, an' that I doubt wanna be till Monday, or maybe the day after." " And ye wanna be able to gang to the kirk warming' shutter 1" " I'm no that particular about gain' to the kirk j but think you, grant a visit to gang, or glen I thought I was born to gang, I wad side at same 'cause I had nee shine to gang in Wad I ever take it until my head the Lord wad be affronted with bare feet he made himself' ? Eli, the bonny washin' ho gaze at' 'us and bare hands to royal pair of feet-an ac pair of' time making' haste to shed his bride !" The cobbler caught up the worst shoe and began upon it at once. " Yo s' has 't, sir," he said, "given I sit a' night at it And '11 due till the Monday. Yo se' ha 't afore kirk-time, but ye mane come until the house to get it, for the fowls wad be scanners to see me working' upon' the Sabbath day. They dinna understand' at the initiator works Sunday and yesterdayand his Father too !" " You don't think, then, there would be anything wrong in mending a pair of shoes on the Sabbath day ?" " Wrong I in obeying' my master, what is the day as wells as' the days 7 They would fain take it from the Son of' Man, what's the Lord o' it, but they cannot I have that to learn yet ! An' author no learn that I wad going straight to the ill place. Anything rather nor think lOsS Of him whom my soul loveth !" And the cobbler looked up over the old shoe with eyes that flashed. "But then excuse me," said Donal, why should you not hold your face to it, and work openly in the name of your God ! There's something in me that cannot bear even the look of anything underhand." " Long may it be sure wi' ye, sir ! But Dinna ye min' at we're tells neither to du oor gude works afore men to be soon on' them, nor yet to cast our pearls before swine? I count cobbling' your shoes, sir, a far better work nor gain' to the kirk, an' I wadna has 't seen of' men. Gien I was working' for fear of' my men serving', it wad be another thing." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 