A N ECOBNTBIO FISHING EXOUB- SIGN. I All indebted to my friend Grains for the mog^ eccentric day's fishing I ever enjoyed. Grains is a brewer, who determined some ten years ago to become a landed proprietor, and therefore bought an estate in Suffolk; and, when all being ready for bis reception, be took possess'on with his charming and amiable family, I was invited to accompany them on a visit. It was a beautiful place. There was a home park, with tame deer in it ; acres and acres of wood, well stocked with pheasants and rabbits ; and a large pond with swans, and an island and a Chinese summer, house. As our introduction tc all this took plaoe in July, when there was no shooting, as the family were as yet totally unacquainted with tbeir neighbours, and archery parties, picnios, and other social gaieties were therefore in abeyance ; and as the hospitable Grains was anxious to amuse hia gnosis, be naturally thought of a fishing excursion, and sent for his bead keeper. " Oan we bave a day's fishing in tbe lake to-morrow, Williams ?'* be asked. " Certainly, sir," said Williams. " There is a boat, I see; is-it in good re- pair P" " Yes, sir." "That's all right. Then I will give directions for all my tackle to be put in yonr hands, and you oan get everything ready for us." " Very good, sir." " Get some vorms, yon know ; and some Jive bait, «n<J some spinning bait," "Yes, Sir." A' eleven o'clock on the following mornifg the whole paity, consis'ing of the jovial Grains, the kindly Mrs. Grains, their three charming daughters, Fansbawe, of the Admiralty (a g"od fellow, but suffering from Alice—tbe second girl—on tbe brain), and toys'If. went down to t'>e water- side. Grains and tbe keeper took boat, tbe latter rowing slowly about, tbe former throwing a dead dace, arrayed in a bristling panoply of books, in all directions and drawing it in again ; tbe rest of us being entrusted with rods and lines with enormous floats, and live liltle fishes attached tenderly to tempt tbe j 01. But tbe jack were superior to temptation. Lunob time oame without anyone having bad a ghost of a run, so we desisted for a while and pic-nio'd. " No use trying for jaok any more to-day, eh, Williams ?" Eaid Mr. Grains. " No, sir.'' " Well, then, shall we try for peroh ?" " If yon please, Bir." So fresh tackle was distributed, and we dispei sed, taking op various coigns of vantage abiut the banks of tbe lake, Fansbawe and Alice Grains discovering a very likely spot, somewhat secluded, in a clump of trees. We baited with wormB and we baited witb minnows, but with no more success than we had had during the mornii g. Tbe afternoon waned. FanBbawe, indeed, scoured Alioe, and Alioe hooked Fansbawe that summer's day, but no finny prey came to bank. " Come, Williams," said Mr. Grains, as we prepared to go baok to tbe bouse, " are there any fish at all, of any description whatever, in this lake ?'* " I never heard ttll of any, sir," said tbe imperturbable keeper. What Mr. Grains said I did not hear. 