CRICKET CHATTER. [BY LONG STOP.] [Secretaries of Cricket Clubs who desire the publication of Saturday's matches in this newspaper are requested to forward same not later than eleven o'clock every Monday morning to ensure insertion in Tuesday's edition. Notices of matches to come should not be sent later than ten o'clock every Thursday morning for Friday's issue.] The Melbourne team were beaten by the Norwoods on the Kensington Oval on Saturday by nine wickets, pretty easily. The visitors, as most South Australians aiv aware, do not by any means form the strongest eleven that can go into the battle field. Edwards and Dunne are the only two players in thu first eleven of the Melbourne that are over here ; therefore it could only be expected that they would succumb to the play of our crack teams. I certainly think that the M.C.C. should have exercised more judgment in the selection of the team, and not have sent such a poor eleven to play here. I learn that on account of a cup match with South Melbourne — whose forces include Palmer, Blackbam, Cooper, Rosser, Slight and others—the M.C.C. could not spare their best team. Moreover, the races may have kept some away. In the late match with the Norwoods, the Melbournes lost the toss, and were sent in to bat first on Friday on a wicket which was completely- saturated wit h raiu, and all in favor of the bowlers. The visiting team were not at home to the bowling of G. Giffen and were all sent to the right-a-bout for 76 runs, the principal contributor being Evans with a most admirable 23. Evans played correct cricket, and never gave the ghost of a show during his stay at the wickets. Stokes was the second highest scorer with 21, and it can be safely said that it was not made in his best style ; I have seen Stokes bat much better, and am of opinion that the state of the wicket militated greatly against his success. Edwards, when batting well and steadily was out to si good catch off the bowling of Waldren, after just running into a double figure. Giffen's bowling was simply unplayable, his average of 8 wickets for 45 runs speaks for itself. I certainly think t':at Giffen's slow leg break is bis best til e I witnessed his bowling with the Australian l .leven against the Hon. Ivo Bligh's team, and it was his leg break that played sad havoc with the English wickets. The Norwood fielding was not up to the mark, especially that of Rowe, who performed worst of all. The Norwoods on going in to bat fared badly at the start, G. Giffen and Waldron being dismissed in succession off the deliveries of Edwards, the former being easily caughtand bowled, and the latter neatly stamped. Three wickets were got rid of for 8 runs, when W. Giffen came in, and by his tine hitting completely altered the aspect of the game ; and at the time of the drawing of the stumps he was not out with a well played 46. I am informed he was stumped, but the Norwood umpire on being appealed to gave his answer iu the batsman's favor. The match was continued on Saturday, and then brought to a termination, the Norwoods, as aforesaid, coming off victorious. The wicket played much better than on the previous day, and the attendance was pretty fair. The Norwoods closed their first iunings for 117. W. Giffen increased his total to 81 when he was the victim of a clear bowl out by Cotter. Walters innings was marred by three chances albeit his innings was a very finely hit one. Gooden with 13 was the only other batsman who obtained double figures. The Melbourne captain kept Edwards on far too long. The " little un ' would have come off with an excellent average ouly that he bowled for the most part at Giffen. The Melbourne men did not shine particularly well in the field, with the exception <>f Edwards, Dunne, Mainon, and Evans, Cotter bowled fairly, as also did stokes and Neilson. In the second innings of the M.C.C. G. Giffen again trundled finely, and speedily dismissed his adversaries for 70 runs. Stokes and Oakley, scored 15 each, and Dunne 11. The latter played a short, but merry innings, when his career was closed by G. Giffen bowling him with a capital length ball. Stokes aud Oakley, were both put "leg before" when well set. Stokes showed decided improvement in his batting. So long as I have known and witnessed his batting, I _ have never seen him shape more feebly than he did at Giffen on Saturday. He only played about three balls, and was within an ace of being bowled four or five times. Giffen, ultimately secured a 1. b. w. verdict against him, which caused him to return to the pavilion with the dreaded duck s egg to his name. Giffen's analysis was 8 wickets for 42, and a very good one it is. Lucas, bowled very straight and was difficult to score off. J. he Norwoods had 29 runs to get to win, and this number cost them one good wicket, G. Giflen being caught off Edwards for 11. Rowe made 15, not out, very freely. He however should have been stumped when he made 6 off Edwards. 1 hefielding of the M.C.C. was very bad in this inmn-s. W Giffen for his innings, is to be the recipient ot a valuable trophy or prize, aud well he deserves it, for his side may have fared badly but for his fine S °The Melbourne club meet the llindmarsh next Fridav at Kensington Oval, aud will in all probability sustain another defeat I tn.a our visitors will have better weather than they did in the Norwood match. . In the Port Association matches the Semaphore Wanderers are at the top of the tree, they being up to the present an unbeaten club The Wanderers have pWd two matches, and won both, lhe Centrals come second, and then follow the Ports, Pioneers, Woodvilles, and Queen and Albert-.. PORT ASSOCIATION SCORING LIST. Matches Played Won Lost Drawn. Semaphore Wanderers Port Centrals Ports Pioneers Woodvilles Queen and Alberts YOG CAN BB HAPPT if Y-M will stop all VOW^dootoriS yourself and families with expensive,doota» S&K; Sti^^SS-SWfiS 'is Hop Bitten. SM ADVT. 