A HISTORICAL GHOST Tee TuHeries had bis ghost, and it was a local, not a family spirit ThiB is a nice and important difference, and the want of dn« attention to it has sometimes led to difficnVl ties. A friend of the writer, who had taken chambers in Lineoln's-inn on the express understanding that they were haunted, was disgusted to find that tbe ghost disappeared with the late occupant* He was in the nature of personal property it appears, whereas the new tenant thought that the use of him was included in the purchase of tbe fixtures — that he was 'in the walls,'1 in fact, with other visitants of tbe midnight hour. The Bed Mas of the Tufleries, ou the contrary, has appeared all through tbe history of the building, though in the starring time before the Revolution be was naturally more often on duty. He used to be seen at dead of night leaning in a sombre fashion with folded arms over the staircases, or at one of the great windows overlooking; Pnrin. A ft*ar Aa.va hefnra the Iflfch A timed: Marie Antoinette's women rushed into her apartment to tell her that they bad josikseen him in the guard-room during the absence of the guard. He looked stedfastly at them with a face of unutterable woe. He was last eeen during the Commune. The old watch man who had charge of the building was going his rounds one night, when he became aware of a scarlet-clad figure in the gloom ekalktng; behind one of the pillars. He made for it, bat it seemed to pass round the pillar and dis appear. He looked about everywhere, bat there was nothing. The old man had his own reasons for thinking that he might bave been deceived on this occasion ; so he took nothing after dinner but coffee next night before making his rounds, yet there was the Red M.an ig'M'. This time be was leaning meditatively on his arm, and looking down on Paris. The watchman shouted at him ; he turned round, faced him with the same look of icy woe. and disappeared. The old man ran for help, late as it was, and they made a- thorough search of tbe place. They did fiwJ something red ; their search ended in a saaxe qui peut, as they saw the first glare of the incendiary fire that was to reduce thp Palace of the Tuileries to a heap of rains. Dynamite.— The ease with which dynamite may be carried about was (says the PaU Mall Gazette) curiously illustrated in a case which came before the justices at Chester-le- Street, A miner had been to Newcastle and purchased 10 Ib. of dynamite for his blasting, the material being packed in two parcels of 5 Ib. each. Contrary to the bye-laws of the North Eastern Railway Company, he took them into the carriage with him and laid them apon the Beat. At Oateshead another man, who had been purchasing a pair of boots, got into the comDartment and laid his rtarcel hrairie tJwi dreadful dynamite. When he left the train at the next station he took with hjm 51b. of dynamite instead of his new boots. Arrived at his journey's end, the miner madf? the discovery that part of his dynamite had been taken away by mistake, and in great alarm he took up the remaining parcel and hurried to the station master, to whom he was obliged to confess what had happened. The telegraph was pat into operation, and in a few minutes a message was received to the effect that the ?wiwwwg parcel of dynamite was Gale at the other rail way station. The miner was ordered to pay £5 and costs for a breach of the law. To show the harmlessness of dynamite under certain co i ditions, it may be mentioned that a wooden packing case containing 56 Ib. of the explosive: lias been set on fire, the only result being * burst of dynamite flame, without any explo sion at aXL Given ordinary conditions of temperature it may be subjected to severe concussion with equal safely; for bores fiUfM? with dynamite bave beea.£i)rown from great heights without exploding. A dynamite van has been iu a railway collision, and, though the van and boxes containing it were broken, no explosion took place. Compulsory Education.— The New York correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald writes :— After nearly nine years' trial, the local Compulsory Education Act shows some very satisfactory results. This is in spite of. great disadvantages. To begin with, the law itself simply enacts that all children who are not regularly instructed at home shall attend sntoe school at least fourteen weeks in the year. And, then, the means of enforcing even this moderate requirement are very in adequate, consisting merely of the hap-hawd raruule of a few truancy inspectors through the city, who pick up and investigate any likely case. Bat the School Board has done the very best in its power to make the most of the law, such as it is ; and the consequence ib that in the first five years, in spite of an increase of 30 per cent in the population of the city from what was in 1870, the number of children arrested and committed for legal offences in the police courts has decreased to 4341 from 6105 for the last five yean preceding the enactment of the law ? that ia, 1869-1874- At the oU rate there ought to have been 8000 arrests ; as matter of fart, there is only a little more than half «?»* Some other statistics of our schools may be of interest. With a population of 1,250.000, we have 29S Bchools, with 186,51 1 enrolled pupilr 0^ an average attendance of 138,239, and 354*?^ teacher*. The board make one suggestion which is worth notice, although there is no prospect of its speedy adoption. This is that there should be three Bpeci&I; school b established into which non -attendants and habitual truants could be brooeht and sifted, and, as it were, 'sorted.' Those who gave proof of amendment by grtod conduct and regular attendance for three months, should be trans ferred to the regular public schools, while those who, after six months' trial, proved in corrigible, should be sent to a supplementary reformatory echooL Such a system might save many * waif of the streets from drifting into a life of crime or vagabondage. 