At the risk oE being somewhat tedious, we most again eek the directors of the Ballarat Woollen Mill Company why they do not resume work? About 160 males and females are out of employment by reason of this null being n " hung up," and it is within onr know ledge that a large portion of this number is reduced to really serious straits by this circumstance. These unfortunate people are not only " h&id; up," ae the saying goes, bat in some cases they are almost wanting food; nothing but the utmost care, and living on the most limited of bills of fare, enabling them to keep body and eoul together. In the interest of these poor people alone, the mill should be put to work again without any more delay; for it is positively cruel to leave these people in their present condition. But there are others to consider u vdL There are, we believe, 1600 shareholders connected with this mill, some of them rich, some of them moderately well to do, but a great many of them in anything but prosperous circumstances. Yet, all round, these shareholders are finding their shares dwindling down terribly in value by the mill bong closed, which falling-off places them in anything but a cheering position. It is said that ., sh&res; which were saleable at 26s each in the market some two years ago, ate not now worth 68, as an attempt was made to eerenty-five at th&tfigare; last Saturday, bnt it failed to bring oat a buyer. Ail this—160 persons bong out of employment^ and the shares falling away fearfolly in price—is caused by tbe mill being idle, breeding distrust in the mill, and producing a loss of confidence in its future. If there was any p resure on the market necessitating this stoppage, of course die "hanging np " business could be excused, and might be right enough. Bat it is well-known that the mill could go to work again, and do a good paying business. The glut there was in the market is easing off a great deal; and the speed with which Messrs Sabqood, Butler, a n d Nichol are disposing of the tweeds which they lately bought from the mill, at a good profit to themselves, is a proof that the glut is rapidly departing. Besides which, there is a demand for spring goods setting in, and there will Boon be f demand for flannels -and" blankets also, as thB season for the latter' to be in demand by ttw wholeiBale houses . will in a month or two now -he upon as. Why. the- mill should be kept " hung up" in "the face of these sion — irritates and impoverishes "the unfortunate workpeople, and reduces this great balk of the shareholders to the same unenviable condition. It the company was "hard np" there might be some excuse for this step. But'the truth is that the company, financially, is in a splendid state. It now owes only a comparatively email sum of money, "and it lias far more saleable stock on hand than would pay "its liabilities^ leaving all the test, the mill,.; the plant building, te, all to the good of -the venture..' In the light "of |S1 these facts^-why,. in. the name; of all' that £b reasonably"is "die' nulLkept closed 1. Why is. It not set to wpifc again^to the advantage of .4her ^ holdeis/ 'and • CO the benefit of i L unfortunate 160mBles aadlaad^vbo' ctarijD^th^m jg "-k^tSiiBoVjt Afi&ur;^uve.cui' 4o';gadier>ai)_ •ThelSbauSi roemS to like to keep its Ixisinees intensely to Itealf—lie mill 1b h'mag up*' In order to remodel t&e; eW- Sot ^he. staff could be i«- mcSdled, if wg'thing of the -sort he necessary, without keeping die mill shut up. There are a great many people employed in the Phoenix and Union foundries, eo also are there a great many people employed in this office, and in other enterprises in the city and district. Bat we are ^vitc sure none of (he proprietors of these establishments would close them to reorganise their staff They would do all that while work was going on—without ceasing operations, or keeping their employes whom they intended to retain without die means of obtaining sabsistence. So should it be with the Ballarat Woollen Mill. If it be necessary to make changes, those changes shoald be made while work is proceeding, far there is no possible reason why any other course should be adopted in such a matter. The histoiy of this mill daring the last year or two.may well, make "the judicious grieve." About two years ago it was paying dividends, bad pud off all its debts, sold off all its reserved, or unsold, shares^ obtained new machinery nnd buildings with the money, and seemed to have a splendid career before it. Now it is standing still, with 160 of its workpeople on the verge of starvation, and shares unsaleable at any reasonable price in the market. The fanlt of all this change is not the mill itself^ not in the industry, bat is traceable to other causes. Bat it is high time a more healthy state of things supervened. It is high time the mill resumed work, for this step once taken, ali the unlucky difficulties which the last year or two have produced would, let ss hope, disappear. One hundred and sixty impoverished workmen and workwomen, and 1600 bewildered shareholders, want this done; and the board shoald not show itself callous "to this appeal— not refuse to comply with the wish of these people. On the contrary, the board shoald go to work at once with a zest and a will, as all this can be done with credit to itself, and certainly with marked advantage to everybody connected with the venture. THE captain and. officers of the steamship Austral are, no doubt, by this time' well" pleased that the fonnderihg of that vessel in Sydney Harbor gravitated to die old country for settlement. Had it beenfinally dealt within Australia, there is more than a possibility that so generous a view of the cause, or causes, which led up to the catastrophe would not have been taken. In England there, are so many vessels that the loss of one or two excites little or no attention; and only when a real flagrant case ie made out against any of the officers, is anything like punishment inflicted. Here our mercantile marine is scarce; and a sort of Draconian spirit prevails whenever a mishap occurs; the delinquent officers being by no means let down easily. Hence, it was fortanate for those officers concerned that the cause of the dive which the Austral took into. Sydney water was left for the home authorities to deal with, for some of the officers of the ship might not have escaped so well had the Sydney authorities had the complete dealing with the disaster. The judgment of the Board of Trade Court is that the sinking of the Aas-.ral waB doe "to a series of small mistakes, not to any serious act of eglect on the part of those in charge of the vesseland, therefore, the court does not feel itself called upon to interfere with the certificates of the commander and his officers. At the same time, die court is of opinion that the Austral is perfectly stable in every respect, although, in rather a contradictory spirit, the court goes on to " blame the practice of sending vessels to sea before they have been inclined, and their stability has been dnly calculated." Bat if the Austral is perfect in all its parts, whence the necessity of this recommendation in connection with the enquiry into the sinking of that ship? Passing over this point, however, to the best of our recollection, there were five lives lost by the sinking of the Austral at Sydney; and the ghosts of those five human beings are, no doubt, both instructed and appeased by learning that their departure from this sublunary region was due to " a series of small iMbtakes," and that, therefore, none of the officers of the ship are deserving of the least cen sure. It must be instructive and gratifying to those ghosts to learn that leaving ports open in a vessel which had " listed " very uncomfortably before it "drew off" from the wharf to its anchorage in the bay, was "only a small mistake," and that "coaling up" ononesideof a ship which was inthisansteady and unprotected state was a very trivial error. There mast sorely have been a great flatter in ghostland when these deductions were heard, and if at any time the ghosts of the five drowned men have complained that their lives were sacrificed by carelessness somewhere, how penitent most those ghosts be at this moment for giving vent to each a libel and a falsehood ! It was, after all, a very " small mistake" which sent their soule adrift from their bodies; and to make anything else oat of the disjunction was to do a flagrant injustice to those by whose oversight the separation—let as hope, the best for the drowned men—was effected. Some people may marvel over so inconsequential aT verdict to so serious an event But, as it was the Board of Trade.that. took, the matter-in- haac^all this marvelling will be quite oat of place. - For ..who can suppose that the Board of Trade would not feel intense compunction over the loss of these five drowned men, especially when it is borne in mind, how energetic that body was in punishing the senders of "floating coffins" to seain the pre-PLiKsOLL era! The case is not one to joke about, however, bat really of so serious a cast that one cannot help feeling regret that the Sydney Navigation Board had not the power to deal with the sinking of the Austral in every one of its phases, to the exclusion of the Board of Trade altogether from the affair. For then Bome one, or more, of the officers " would have found the result very different to what it is now; and if there is any truth in the reports of the occurrence which afjieared at this end of the world when the sinking took place, no <»ae.£an say 'that there would have been justice done by the 'difference: fc-circumstances .go to prove that 'somewhere <» jittle iSiQe before the vessel went downj .and <ihe- tBspcnuible individual,w iri&vidQa;^if |herB were mote than one, «ingiht Whavebeenfoundont, and "pnnished for 'fch& negligence he, or they, displayed—a- negligence . having each terribly fatal issaes. - Thishas not been done by-the London -court, for a verdict has been retained ,i>f. a most " miserable and trifling sort—a verdict which is neither fair to the dead nor the living. This is how the result appears to as; and we don't think there will be many people who will -attempt to quarrel with us over this conviction. A vessel proved by competent authorities to be " perfectly stable in every respect" should not go down when riding at anchor in a calm stream. This, however, is what the Austral did; and, in spite of the verdict of the Iiondon court, somebody must be greatly to blame for tbe occurrence. At a meeting of the City Council yesterday a letter waa read from the secretary to the Camperdown Railway Leagne, asking the council to decide on the best roate for tbe railway extension from Scandale. Practically this means for the councQ. to decide whether it would use its influence for tbe Camperdown or the CoLac route. Cssneillor Ciaxtoo proposed that steps ehoold be taken to cany oat the decision of the last joint meeting by tbe (Sty and Town Conncile, and that tiie question shonld be reconsidered aod decided by the two councils in conference, and he moved accordingly. Tbe anyor thought in view of the fact that the Town Council had already declared in favor of one route it would be useless to have a conference cm the subject. The cooncOlara generally agreed with the mayor, and Councillor Oaxton'a motion was not seconded, and as he withdrew it he remarked that the council ought to take some action in the matter, or it would seem that the City Council was afraid to declare one way or the other. The council decided to leave the 'question still in abeyaDce. We regret to learn that Mrs Thonton, aa old Ballarat resident since 1853, died yesterday, after an illsesB of a few days, from inflammation of the lungs. The October sittings of tbe Ballarat County Court were commenced yesterday morning in-the Court House, Lydiard street, before his Honor Judge TreDch. The whole of the nod el ended and some of tbe defended cases were disposed of, and at half-past three o'clock the court adjourned till ten o'clock this morning. The sudden death of a child at Redan was reported to the police yesterday. Mrs J; Tarrant, a resident of Market street, noticed her child gasping for hreath. On her taking it in her arms the child, which was only four weeks old, died. The coroner did not coneider an inquest necessary, and gave the order for bonaL " As anticipated, Mr Courts' motion relative to neglectful and drunken mothers receiving relief from the asylum, created a very great deal of lively discussion at the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee last evening. The motion read, "That at the next meeting a return be furnished by the secretary for the following meeting of the number of children receiving relief belonging to mothers who do not discharge their duties properly towards them, -with a view of having them cared for in the Orphan Asylum." Mr Oootts delivered an exhaustive and evidently carefully-prepared speech in support of his views. At i'ne close he produced a number of letters from visitors to recipients of relief in the country, which showed that there was a number of drunken mothers who did not take proper care of their children receiving relief from the institution, and in the opinion of the visitors the children would be better cared for in ah orphan aeylnm. Mayor Ferguson seconded the motion, though with regret. Several members of committee enquired why the cases of drunken mothers had not come before the committee, and argued that it showed clearly that the country visitors were not doing their duty, and that the appointment of a subcommittee was necessary" to institute enquiries. Nearly every member of committee spoke on one side or the other. Some did cot see much wrong in allowing children to bring the rations to their mothers, others thinking that it tended to pauperise them. On one side it was argued that it would be much better for the children to be sent to an orphanage and be properly trained, and on the other that it was heartless to separata children from their mothers. Mr Graber particularly referred to the latter point; and drew a picture of a loving mother and her children, illustrating it by pointing oat the way in which a hen protected its chickens. During the discussion there were numerous points of order raised. Mr Carey moved an amendment—"That aa there was full power in the rules to deal with all such cases as had been referred to, the committee proceed to the nert question." Mr J. Phillips seconded the amendment. The president delivered a few remarks, in which he endeavored to show that the Benevolent Asylum was well-conducted, that its laws were correct, and that although a case of a drunken mother might come under the notice of tbe committee once or.twice in a year, provided proper steps were taken and enquiries made, there would be little or no imposition on the institution. A vote was then feA", and five voted for tbe amendment and seven for the motion. The motion was therefore carried. It is considered unlikely that any action will now be' taken against the dispenser of liquor at the last meeting of the Liedertaf el, as it is thought that the boy who sold the spiritB to Sergeant Garden acted without authority in so doing. It would appear that the authorities are disposed to look upon the manner in which liquor is fnrnished to the audience at these concerts as not illegal. There has been an escape of gas for some little time past at the comer of East and Victoria streets, and yestesday, while the workmen were engaged in excavating for the g»spipe, a lighted match waa accidentally dropped in. To the surprise of the workmen and spectators the road literally took fire and biased up until the escaped gas wu all consumed. The City Council has resolved to adopt tbe means recommended by the Lake and Gardens committee for the destruction of dogs found in the gardens. Poison is to be the chief agent usei, but the council's employes are to be instructed to destroy dogs found in the gardens by every available means. People with valuable canine pets will find it wise to leave their favorites at home when they -visit the gardens, as dogs have done so much damage at the garden? that stringent measures have been found necessary to protect the flower .beds, the live Btock, 4c., from their depredations. George Grimes, who made a haul of brandy, schnapps, and milk punch from Mr Durante bar at the Western railway station, oa Thursday last, was brought before the city bench yesterday, - and remanded till today. The Beaufort Police'Court was opened yesterday, and adjourned by the clerk until the 22nd instant, owing to the absence of ihestipendary magistrate, Mr Thomson, and the non-attendance of "the local justices. There are three resident magistrates in the township, and wrtfe the exception of Mr Prentice very little attention ie paid to court business by the other two gentlemen. This is very. annoying to those attending court, either as plaintiff or defendant, who do not hesitate to express their feelings, not loudly, bat deeply, "as it is a pity that gentlemen could not be appointed who would-appreciate. the honor of being a J.P., and who would attend to tbe daties of their position. An interesting establishment in the way of sample-rooms is the -show-rooms of Messrs Patterson; Lung, and Brace, in Start street, which the firm opened some eighteen months ago for the convenience-of their customers resident in Ballarat and the surrounding district. The rooms contain a miniature. of the immense stock kept by the firm in their Melbourne bouses, and display a wonderful variety of goods indicating the character and stamp of the manufactures sold by these importers. Tbe rooms are two in number, the one originally opened not been found spacious enough to the purposes it was designed to serve. In the front, the large .room, there is a very comprehensive display qf fancy goods, laoes of all kinds, real aniiimitation^mantles, gloves, frillings, end«eufs^- -3jbe.sbow of feathers and artificialjOowen^ thougfa nDt as extensive just now as it eenerailyia, contains some very beautiful goods. A large assortment "of cat tweed patterns iaftlso on o.view in thisdepartment; andof ribbons buttons and ties there ualmostaninfimtevaoety. The second -room contains * snmber of ^valuable silks and • sarins, and Manchester • 'lines. The most noticeable~item in the rooms just now/perhaps, is the assortment of summer hate for ladies, m which There are many very pretty ^styles, including the new jockey ahapes; , 4be*'Eowe!m (a ^modification of t'he (Qatasboro), the French sailor, Hsay II., iheiiew poke, and the new flop -hata. Some of- these hats are so elegant that their popularity is assured, and of manufactures in ' colored straws there ate several styles which must command attention. The advantage to local buyers of having these sample rooms eo near at hand must be very great, asd it is to be hoped that the firm has gained from the experiments as much benefitas tbe buyers have, iknne idea of the immense besijiess of the firm will be gained from tbe fast that these sample rooms—which are only fer the convenience of wholesale buyers, and through, whicfc so retail business of any kind is transacted — contain several thousand pounds' worth oT goods. The firm's courteous local representative is Mr W. H. Sewell, who bas hul charge cf these roans almost from the day they were opened. Constable Barrett, of the Town policc force, has bee» doing valuable dnty recently in the way of ridding the streets of the town of vagrant cattle. The result .of his labors was seen yesterday, when a number of owners of cows which bad been fonnd wandering in the streets appeared at the Town Police Court. The prosecuting constable explained that assisnw complain2B had been made recently, hence tbe actions. Mr Long, J.P., chairman of the bench, remarked that it was perfectly disgraceful to see the way in which owners of cattle allowed their animals to rove about and damage gardens which had cost many hours of labor. One of the defendants, is reply to the charge, said " his was not a cow, but a heifer." Heifer or cow it made no difference, and a fine of 5a and 2s 6d costs was inflicted in each case. In considering the mayor's report concerning the stoppage of the objectionable pertion of tbe Sunday parade of the Ballarat contingent of the Salvation Army, -Councillor Little, at the meeting of the eoundl yesterday, desired that the prompt action the Rev. Mr Horsley, the head of the army in this colony, had taken to meet the wish of the council shonld be recognised. He said that prior to the mayor seeing Mr Horsley, that rev. gentleman came to Ballarat immediately he heard that the flag and band portion of the procession were considered so undesirable, and gave insbnetions that they shoald be suppressed. When Mr Horsley saw the mayor the desired action had been taken, so that it was not due to the interview men- tioned in the mayor's report, but to the readiness of the head of the army here to meet the council in the matter. The mayor objected to m»bing any alteration in his re* port on the subject, stating that bat for the action taken by the council doubtless the flag and music would bave been 'features of the Sunday proces«ion_6till,_ Six devotees to the shrine of Baochua, roused from sweet repose 1 on the roads in Ballarat North, Ballarat South, andtheCity^ were dealt with at the City Police Court yesterday. > — Anniversary services in connection with the Ballarat United Town Mission-were preached to crowded congregations on Sunday morning and evening, in the Mission Hall, by the Rev. J. M'Neil, B.A. The collections, in aid of the sostentation fond, amounted to £14 15s 8d. It was derided by the Benevolent Asylum committee last evening to refund £3 17s 6d, collected by Boninyong residents, for tbe purpose of providing an old British sailor named Riming ton, admitted from the borough, with luxuries, such as beer, tobacco, and butter. Mr OJ3ie first suggested that the secretary shoald arrange that the old fellow should fget Is -or Is 6i, say every Thursday, for the purpose of procuring him luxuries as desired by the collectors of the money. Mr Fitzgerald supported this view, and thought a drop of beer would do an old British sailor, over seventy years of age, good. The Rev, Mr Henderson remarked that it would form a very dangerous precedent, and he did not think there shonld be one rule for one man, and another for another, even should friends Interfere. Mr Oddie then moved that the money be refunded. This was seconded by Mr Lewis, supported by Mr Graber, and carried unanimously. The usual monthly meeting of the Painters' Union was held on Friday evening; the presidentoccupyingthechair,andabouiforty members present. After several minor matters had been disposed of five persons were proposed for membership. Four were elected, and the election of tbe other postponed tor farther consideration. It was also resolved that a summons meeting be held every six months, and those members absenting themeelvee without apology be fined Is. The sub-committee appointed last meeting reported favorably as to the success of the approaching concert, and a strong committee was formed to carry oat the Gime. Nominations of the officers for the pnwning term were received, and after a vote of thanks to the chair the meeting closed. The anniversary tea meeting in connection with Neil Street Wesleyan Church was held last evening, and induced an excellent gathering, aboqt 130 ladies and gentlemen being present. The tea was provided very satisfactorily by Mr M'K.enzie, of Bridge street, and amongst the ladiee who presided at the tables, were—Mesdames Oxbrow, Philp, Cargeeg, Pearca, Wills, and others. A public meeting was afterwards held in the church; Mr J. Letcher in the chair. The treasurer, Mr R. Webb, read the annual financial statement, which showed that £272 ISb 5d had been received during the year, or about £100 over and above expenditure. The finances were therefore satisfactory, and £50 was promised during the evening, to enable the trustees to reduce the "debt upon the church by £250. The Revs. Bickford, Turner, Stuart, Adamson, and other gentlemen delivered able and eloquent addresses, and the evening's enjoyment was enhanced by selections from the choir, under the leadership of Mr Reid, with Miss Reid accompanying as organiBt. The presbytery of Ballarat holds its usual monthly meeting to-morrow at Beaufort. The occasion is an interesting one, the presbytery meeting as they do in honor of the thirtieth anniversary of the pastorate of the Rev. Alexander Adam, M.A., the much esteemed minister of Beaufort and Lexton, in connection with which a soiree is to be held in the evening. Another important matter which is to come before the presbytery is the nomination of two professors to fill the chairs of systematic theology and apologetics in the theological hall of the Presbyterian Church. For the sake of tbose interested, we may state that the presbytery meets in tiie afternoon, at two o'clock. Mr W. N. Lansley has just completed a very handsomely engrossed and illuminated address, which the Maryborough Council intends to- present to Sergeant Fahey, who has been promoted from Maryborough to Sandhurst. The following is the notice-paper for the monthly meeting of the Hospital committee on Wednesday evening:—To receive report of house committee; to receive auditor's report for quarter ending 30th September; to. pay monthly accounts; to appoint two members of house committee in place of Messrs A. Hunter and Alex. White, who retire by rotation, but are eligble for reflection; to receive report of sub-committee re alteration of roles for honorary professional stall The present (says the Telegraph) mast be a good time for contractors. On all hands are to be seen works of almost every description in progress, and the result is that when tenders are now invited they are almost invariably a long way in excess of the estimates, contractors evidently bring' masters of the situation. The Railway Department has, for some time past; been compelled in many cases to postpone works, for this very reason, one of the most notable instances being in connection with the proposed improvements to the Wodonga railway station. The tenders received for the work were so excessive that they had to be laid aside, and instructions have been issued to modify the~ proposed improvements, eo that they may be carried out at something like a reasonable figure. This is a new style for a judge to go on circuit. The Age . etytz—"Mr Justice Williams arrived in Belfast on Saturday morning on a hicycle." The Argus learns that the treasurer of St. Patrick's Cathedral building fund has received' a donation at 300 fiorina front His Imperial Majesty the Emperor of Austria. Tbe Premier {says the Age) has for some weeks past been in constant communication with the Governments of neighboring colonies, completing arrangements for the intercolonial convention to i>e faeld in-Sydsey for the discussion of - the' questions of federation and. annexatioh of Ihelslahda of "tiie Pacific. It has now . been ^determined that the convention shall be opened-on Wednesday, the S8th November. ExccedingfyiBsaflMiory'accoraitB (says tho jtr^ua) -4»abii^v^1)^.reoetv£d from the fuming distrirmi ibf Sontii- Auafaalia. The prospecta of the-hsrvsst are good, a high average yield'brahg5*niiofpate£ Hay- making is in fall-swing. Bakers (writes the M. A. Mailt hara on several'occasions been blamed for sending out bread deficient in weight, but they are Sot theonlytradtsaien wlfo ^mit^rs in their own favor. Recently fio'ur was re- ceived in Castlemaine from two respectable millers in the outlying districts, and on the bags being weighed, in the one lot bags wot found 7 lb short, and in the other 41b. In a circular issued by Gibbs, Bright, _ . and Ct7.-, of Sydney, it is stated that it bas come withw | thpir their own knowledge k-nr.wlMtap tli«t that firmr fiour from no less than fonr highly respectable millers had, during the week ending September, been deficient in weight to the extent of 1 ton in a little over 33 tons floor. There thus seems to be great carelessness, to use a mild term, on the part of millers in both this and the neighboring colony. Some butter recently offered for sale to a shopkeeper was_ an ounce ebort in the pound, so he declined being a parchaser or a vendor of it. Housekeepers may be prudently on tbe alert in testing the Weights of articles tbey purchase, F»"rng that respectable firms are liable to err in sending out goods of short weight. The rumors {says the Herald) which have been circulated as to Mr Justice Hij ~ botham'a intends*? resignation of his jaa_ ship a order to assume the editorial cfasir of a daily newspaperman tolerably far fetched, if not absolutely dcvcid of a foundation of fact of s»y sort to base them on. The newspaper with which Mr Higinbotham's name has been chiefly connected bas not as yet burst into- existence, acd however much its proprietary might like Mr Hi gin bot ham's se^ vices, it is very doubtfoiif even £3©0Oa yea^ which is said to go with the appointment, would be suScientiy tempting. The twenty-fifth annual meeting (says the World) of Tne Maryboroagh German Association was held on Saturday evening, when Mr A. Lowensteio, who has taken a great interest in the society since its formation, was presented with an elegant silver inketand as a token of esteem. A public meeting of men {says the Age employed at tbe Govemmen t. railway works was held in Sydney on Saturday nigbt to consider the advisability of txrjzmg on the Government the necessity of having all work in connection with rolling stock done in the Government workshops, instead of, as hitherto, milling lor tenders, and.having cer- tain work done by private firms, besoiatioos were passed in accordance with the object of the meeting, and a deputation was appointed to wait on the Minister of Pablic Works, aod urge upon him the views "of the The. total raet (says the -4rjn»)' to .the Railway Department of the Hawthorn collision in December last has been ascertained to be £118,022. Of tfiis sum, £90,272 Was paid to claimants; the lawexpenaesamounted to £19,397; and the medical fees to £7648. Owing to the weather the annual meeting of theCorindhapand Eokewood Turf dab has been postponed till Saturday evening next, when it will be held at Thomas' hotel, Corindhap, at half-past feven. Tbe anniversary soiree in connection with St. John's Sabbath schools, Peel and Urqu? hart streets, will take place ~ this evening in the Peel street hall, and be followed by a service of song, entitled "The True Light," by the children and choir. Tea will commence at half-past six o'clock, and the concert at a quarter to eight. Tbe monthly meeting of the "Scone Men's Friendly Society is called for this evening, at eight o'clock, at Christ Church schoolcm. A special meeting of the Bootmakers' Union will be held at the Alfred Hall this evening at eight o'clock, to meet delegates from the "Melbourne union. All members jtre requested to attend. A meeting of Mr Thomson's friends and supporters will be held this evening at eight o'clock, at the Societies' Hall, Macarthur street. A special general meeting of the Wendouree Rowing Club will be held at the Nag's Head hotel this evening at eight o'clock, tot the election of officers, and arranging for opening the season. The subcommittee will meet at a quarter to eight. The entries for the M.LA. Union competition will close to-day. The drawing for the first scratch fours of the season in connection with the Ballarat City Rowing Qub will take place at Brophy's hotel next Thuisday evening, at eight o'clock. The annual supper c-f the Hand of Friend- ship Lodge, G.U.O.O.F., will take place at the Royal Standard hotel, Doveton street, d on Wednesday evening, at eight o'clock. t It will be seen by advertisement that the p monthly general meeting of the Master Tradesmen's Mutual Protection Association will be held this evening at the office of the association, Commercial Chambers, Lydiard street. A special general meeting of the Princess Alexandra Lodge, I.O.G.T., will take place this evening, at half- past seven. A special meeting of the first twenty of the Ballarat Wanderers Football CSub will be held at Blackburn's American hotel next Wednesday, at eight o'clock. The Rev. R. Philp will lecture on "Courtship and marriage," in the Bungaree Springs Wesleyan Chnrch next Wednesday evening. 