\- HOW TBE CZAR.IS CBOWSED. (Pall -IToC Budget, eth April.) As'the coronation is "one of the most brilliant cereniDniea' in the world, the following description of it {from a Russian ionrce) may be read with interest:—The great ceremony has always been performed in the Church of the Holy Assumption, within the walls of the Kremlin, at Moscow. The great Kremlin .is an octagon plot of 'ground of many acres, on a high elevation, surrounded by high walls and fortifications, and contains four Crown palaces, three cathedrals, the headquarters of the Imperial Guards, the Governor's residence, a university, and a number of monasteries and nunneries. The appearance of the Ktemlin-is very striking, as the walls are white, the fortiScationB emerald green, the entrances rose tinted, and the roofs of tbe cathedrals gilded, the whole forming a wonderful combination. The coronation procession begins to form at the cavalry barracks, fonr miles distant from the Kremlin. Barly in tbe day appointed for the oorcmony, sixty heralds, mounted on cream - colored horses, and commanded by a master of ceremonies, appear before the gates of the barracks and blow a salvo, upjn which the colonel of tlie regiment appears, and asks what they want of biou "The Cbarcommands thee follow me," ia the answer, and the gates are thrown open and the regiment, which has been expecting the summons, gallops out and follows the heralds. The heralds then proceed to to the barracks of the Lmeers. where the same thing takes place, then to the University, then to the Cathedral of St. Nicholas, where the dergj join the procession; then to the law court?, where the judges fall in; then to the head-qnartera of the marshals of the nobility, the ataff officers, tha several professions, the governorg, tha prefects, the deputations from every part of the empire, the trade guilds, Sea., each body joining at a separate place; and all being summoned by the heralds, as in the first case. The procession goes on-swelling until it reaches esormoua proportions, ao mnchaa that when the head of it arrives at the .Kremlin, the toil u still at the other end of .the town. Arriving at St. Demetrius' gate, they find it closed. The heralds then blow their trumpets, and the -command of the citsdel appears, and demands . -what they want, to "which the crowd replies, "The Cm." "And what -for!* 1 asks the commaniler. "To crown him the most powerful of the powerful," is the reply, and the gates fly open. The Metropolitans of Moscow, Kazan, Novgorod, and Kieff hero head the procession, and, with the deputations from every part of the empire, they advance to tbe palace and form in front of it. These deputations consist of Russians, Rsnmanisna, Kirghiz, Chinese, Mingrelians, Bashkirs, Poles, Georgians, Circassians, Gahnncks, Armenians, Turkomans, Tartan, Esquimaux, Afghans, Bulgarians, Laplanders) Mongolians) Finns, Persians, and Boktuuians, aU in their respective national costumes. The Metropolitans then advance and call Upon the Czar to come forward, upon which he appears at the portico, dressed in tin uniform of a colonel of the Imperial Guards, with the Empress, dressed as a Russian psasaut, on hi* arm. The instant tbe deputations are aware of the Imperial preseace they kneel,, and, being askod by the Oar what they want they ifant of%im, the Metropolitan of Moscow replies that they hstfe b<»n sent fron far and wife to see their "Csar anointed, ao that they can return ts their homes ana aware thw» who sent tkem that the Curte verily tbe lord's anoieted, and that ttey asay obey wone bat hitt. Thence all proceed to the Cathedral <5f tke Holy Assumption, theCbar and Czarina miking between tho bishops «nd the ^pitatioas.- Arriving at the church, the Caar«nd his wife areskown to ordinary thrones near those £ the bishops, and tbe sptcial service immediately begins. After the first lesson is Bad the Metropolitans con&ict; the Emperor wad Empress to k canopyftf scarlet velvet mhly embroidered in gold, the principal figcre being tte 'double-beaded Russian eagle. Under this canopy is «n elevated plaScrm npon which -are tho "historical throne -df the Czar Wadittir Moannagua and an oiCinaty armchair for tbe 93rapreas, also a table npon •Which aro the sceptre and snm of C»- *aotinea Moscssahus,aBwoFd,«eid a mantle Pennine. 3&e; noblesnowadnncefrom the 'south of the •cathedral, and, aomranding the platform, d«w their swords ssd place them *t tiie feetof the Czar. * The Bishop ofKsam then asks ttie-femperor in a lend voice if he tra true fesfcever, to which he replies by reading tfceliord'a Prayer aad the Apostles' Creed vf-the Greek Church. The bishop next-aays^—ilf there be any of you here pre- sent Jbuowuig -any impediment for which Alexander,-eon of Alexander (or other name), 'should not be «crowned by*the grace of God, Emperor -and Antocrat of All the Rossiao, of Moscow,: {if. KiefS, of Vladimjr, of Novgorod; Gzar -«E'Ka2an, of Astrakhan, of Poland, of Siberia, of "Kherson-Tan rid a, of Grousi; Gosondar of Pakbff; Grand Dnke of Suokosk, -Of ''Ijitbaasia, of Volhynis, of Podolia, and of tFialand; ; Prince of Esthonia, of Livonia, Of'Conriand, cf Jemigalfa, of the Samsyedes, of Bielostok, -of Corelia, of Fo-r, of llngor, of!Perm, of Viatka, of Bulgaria, and -of other countries; Master and Grand Dokeidf-tbeiLawerCnintciea of Novgorod, at Tchernig<Br. of- Sisxan, of Polotsk, of ttovtoff, of .Uarmrfaff, ot Bieloserak, of Oadork, of Obdonk, «f Ksndisk, of Vitesk. of Mstihdf; asd of all the countries of the "'North; Master Absolute of Ivertk. of Kastalnisk, of Kebudinsk, and of the territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain -Piincesof rr<^erica»k; Master of Tarkeetan, Htir"Pre«unptiv» of Norway, and Duke of 'Steswiak-Halatein. of Stonnarner .of I»ith- <nasse,«nd nf Oldenburg, let him comeforward now.tin ti» name of tin Holy Trinity, and -show t the impediment la, or let him mnsin dumb for ever! This is repeated three times, and npon no objection being Faisedybe laya his hand npon the head of the Gzar. mho immediately knoela. At this point the Metropolitan of Moscow takea the mantle of ermine from the table and throws it over |be.kn*«UngCz%r. saying, "Cover "and protefet-tliy .people as this robe covers and protorts thee;': we the mnperor Emperor replying, replying,I "I will, will. will,S m -r will. « God • hdpio2." 'lelping." and. ani kMsmJ knsmfe the Bishop of Novgorod now placaa -thoseeptre In the Czar's band, Baying, , •" May ithine hand v^bich - holds this wither the diy thbn art nnjnst;'" the answer bang, "Se rtao;" after which the Bishop cJ Kieif places^he.crown opon the Emperor's head. At this {Kiiat the lintpreSs kneels bssideher bushezul, *eho partly covers her with the: ^s^sf snniiM, and .also holds his crowp anOreJuir.'JiBBd fora few se^onds, without, however, placing it' npon her head.' Tie Cgaraad-Or*rina rsinain in prayer forseveri! niioutasanud a deadly ailenof, and the instant tiiey rise to their feet bishops, nobles] depata!ion», clargy, and all present fenoel to them ahoutftig, -•'•iLMg liveJtheCiwf ' Tha cry is tsbii n f by tie hundreds of thousands' who are mtsid& 'the heralds sound tbnr trnmpit*, guns are Ccad, and bells are bine. The Czareommsnd*tfee"peo(>le to rise, and is again surrounded by tiu-nobl^, who.recaive tn^r awflfda .^back Croin " the Irapeljal liahda, da 1Sm|ieror' B^ii%, **lt is thy <wuijtrt3B, :M to vlnchtbenoblc replies, "Ai)d my0zir's" Utnii again resumed, abd 'theKmpcror proeeeibalone to She altar, phasing through the Golden Gates of the Iconustasini, wiuch are closed behind him," thns hiding him from vww.' Here, after partaking ot the Uoly Communion, the Metropolitan of Moscow anoints his bead, temples, eyelids, lips, nqa- triia, ears, breasts, and hands, saying—"Behold the seal of the Uoly Ghost; may it keep thee ever holy." Toe Gates of ^19 I-ianos- Isiini are re-op inid, tlie Czir appasn before them, and is halted with sbouts of, "T^hou art veray ^ ^ e liwd 'anointed. 1 ' - The Enadvamiou toiche'souictiiary, and kneels r4pjrd,'i^ho tiids her'rise^ and they walk ont ofthe cathedral arm in arm. At the door, in gilded chariot, drawn fcy twelve white horses, into , which ..they ..enter, the: priooes, other mombeta of the Imperial family, .foreign jnonsrehs, gnestsi'.-&a.a; entcring . other State -chariots. The procesuoa again forms as it jdid oh approaching the ! Kremlin, and, frith its new addnions, mores •lowly, .thrat^h the gaily decorated town. According; to an old custom, the -Czar's carriage, instead of being guarded hy troops, u: •ammnded hy one hundred -nwdeni'btlonglng to flu jbest-Soasiaa fimifiea,' till dre^tSl in white and holiday garlands ofL ttowerBi" Conrt bills snd twepaons begin in the evehwg. and last for aTortu-ghr, itftw irhsch the J wurt retard to Si Petoslm'g. 