POINTS. (The Queen.) Is it not commonly said that we all have a mean point, a weak point, and a mad one in our character, and that the best of us are only better than the bad and not absolutely good and positively noble all through ? That famous yuletide chambre who lurks in the ante-room of every life-he to whom the most illustrious master is never a here could say strange things of everyone, and he would and, were entirely faithful biographies to be written, the world, which believes in homogeneity of qualities, would read with amazement of meannesses and weaknesses which make that which looks like pure Pentelicou marble, without a flaw or a stain, nothing better than a mass of " breccia," where porphyry jostles sandstone and lapis lazuli is side by side with granite, and alabaster and onyx make a smooth surface with seaside pebbles and fossilised clay mud. Who is brave all through 1 who generous! who faithful ? who strong ? No one. The man who will march up to the cannon's mouth with a cheer, and lead the forlorn hope with a song, will not face his wife when in a temper will not refuse his friend a loan which he ought not to afford-will not dismiss a poor devil of a clerk whose bread is in his work, and whose work is not worth his bread. He has courage enough to give away his own life for the sake of duty or a cause ; but he has not courage enough to undergo the poisoned shafts of an angry woman's tongue ; not courage enough to see his friend go down to destruction when by his own loss he can withhold him nor yet has he courage enough to consign an inefficient servant to the certain starvation which awaits him were he to be turned out of his employ, unfit as he is for this or any other. That is his weakness, his form of cowardice, that flaw in material which makes the marble only "pudding-stone" after all! Or take him who has moral courage enough to do that which is wisest and therefore that which is right, no matter who has to suffer: to him it is the principle that has to be vindicated, not the person who has to be considered, and he would walk over his father's body were it in the way of his duty. But he would not walk past that house which is said to be haunted, unless, indeed, that too were in the way of his duty, and he had to show his loyalty by his courage and he trembles like an aspen leaf when he thinks he hears the spirits moving the furniture about his rooms and sending him other world congratulations by means of them and raps. Brave to martyrdom morally, physically lie is timid as a hare and braced to unbending steel on the side of duty, he is all to pieces on that of superstition. He, too, is an instance of the weakness of strength and the odd amalgam that jostling qualities create in the mind. You are generous and open-handed to a fault. You will never live to be-not rich that is not to be thought of !- but even comfortably off", because of your ridiculous habit of giving to all who want and of spending your substance in making others happy. And yet-your private valet sees you heard all the bits of string and packing paper which may come to you as if they were gold and silver and you will break your nails, and waste half-an-hour of your valuable time, in trying to undo the knots which secure a parcel of books rather than cut the Gordian difficulty and sacrifice a yard and a half of twine. With reams of paper in your library drawers, you save the unwritten half-sheet of the notes sent by your friends even the blank faces of the written halves-for memoranda and rough copy. If you were asked you would give away half a year out of your stock without a second thought ; but for yourself you put yourself to the inconvenience of keeping a lot of misfitting half-sheets sprawling about your table, and to the comparative annoyance of writing your first thoughts on un- equal lengths, rather than take of those stores which at the best represent only a few shillings saved by your thrift. But this is your little meanness, your little bit of stinginess, in the midst of a life of rather exceptional " giving." Another instance of the same kind of odd stinginess, set like a lump of clay in the midst of precious marbles, was to be found in the " dislike to see wine wasted " characteristic of a certain lady of good means and generous habits once known to us. She used to give dinner parties where everything was en regie according to the fashion of the day, but the instant the gentlemen had left the dining-room she used to slip downstairs and empty into the de- canters all the heel taps remaining in the glasses and what was the worst part of the transaction, she emptied them finds- criminately port, sherry, and claret all " roomed out-into the first decanter that came handy, without the smallest idea that she was committing a crime against her future guests which could not be too severely condemned. Many such strange veins of meanness traversing a nature of instinctive generosity may be found in life by those who look for them ; but they are chiefly found in public benefactors-the people who make large donations, accompanied by a blare of trumpets in the public Press, and who thus build their own monuments during their lifetime, and enjoy the commendations usually reserved for the dead, who cannot hear them. They are so accustomed to have all they do in the way of generosity proclaimed to the public, and praised by the public, that they think it waste of time and force to do good in secret, no man knowing. Hence, they not only refuse to give of their substance, save in this semi royal and official way, but they even condescend to mean- nesses which no one of fewer pretensions and truer generosity would dream of commiting. Instances of this will occur to all of our readers who know anything of the private lives of some of our greatest public benefactors. "We need not put the dots to the is ; common report and general knowledge will su pilly them ; but the fact is a curious one in human nature, and to be verified at all four corners. A notably resolute, determined, and self-willed character offers the very ideal of strength-strength, indeed, running into hardness and self-will trenching on brutality. Where is his price 1 Not in money ; not in fear ; nor yet in affection ; nor yet in social ambition. He has pith enough to withstand all these. Offer him place and power, shower on him caresses or threaten him with penalties, and he is inexorable. You might as well seek to soften granite by dropping on it evening dew, But, flatter him judiciously, and you have found the weak place in his armour and hold him in your hand. Agree with him in the beginning. Tell him that his views are entirely right, his proposed action entirely wise just in fact, what you would expect from him, He is wisely stern, righteously irate ; his firmness is courage, his opposition faithful testifying. Go with him all the way and then gently, tenderly, tentatively lead him to look at the other side. Put it to him as a, mere hypothesis which it is only common sense to examine, _ Of course there is nothing in it but it is a hypothesis like any other, and worth examination. Then clear the ground bit by bit, inch by inch, always leading him along with you by crafty appeals to his reasonable- ness and power of" sound judgment, and you have landed him at last where you would that he should stand. But this kind of thing is, of all human manipulations, the most difficult; and, delicate, and' needs the largest amount of savoir faire and tact. It is the one weakness of the strong man. He cannot resist the flattery which appeals to his better judgment in such nice gradations of agreement and praise, for the sake of argument passing on to another view which, by discussion," seems to commend itself to the mind yet more than the former, and of which he therefore-so wise and good as he is-cannot fail to see the value. This is his hook, line, and net ; herewith he is caught, played, and landed. His brother's weak point may be found in his affections. He can resist anything but the well-being to be sacrificed, the damage to be done to his dearest, should be per- severe in the way which he has marked out for himself, and made clear to his conscience is the way of duty. No flattery touches him, however skilfully administered ; no social ambition for himself has any power. Offer him the Garter, and he would not stoop to look at the blue riband, which other men would give half their souls to win ; offer him wealth, and fame, and all the fleshpots of Egypt, filled to the brim and running over, and he would prefer his Spartan black broth and blacker bread rather than swerve a hair's breadth from the line of probity and rectitude. But show him the future sufferings of his wife and children ; paint the anguish of the mother whose offspring have to be sacrificed for an idea ; dwell on the life-long disadvantages to the boys for the want of a good education, on the trials of the girls who will have to fight for themselves in life, no one aiding -and he is done for. He will bow his knee to Baal rather than bring this trouble on those dear heads the care of which he persuades himself is his chief duty and he forsakes his flag and betrays his cause rather than that his sons and daughters should go into the desert of social ruin with him. Judge gently of him even when he stands confessed the renegade who could not bear that strain. His love was the line of cleavage, and his constancy broke at that point. If we have weak points and mean points, what can be said of the mad ones ? Is it not one of the rarest things in the world to find a thoroughly healthy brain in every particular. The intellect may be clear and sharp, but does there not lurk in some secret corner of almost all of us an improvable superstition an excess of faith over knowledge ? All the people who believe in the ubiquity and universal social and official infiltration of the Jesuits are not fit for the lunatic asylum ; nor are all those who believe in the intentional wickedness of Governments ; nor those who see every- where the traces of secret poisoning. Nor are those who hold that we are the lost Ten Tribes necessarily mad ; nor those who accept as proved and patent the prophecies said to be recorded in the stones of the Great Pyramid. Yet, when these things are discussed and ventilated by those of us who are not in the same stream of thought, they seem to be the veriest moonshine ever talked and the minds which hold them seem to us as if they must necessarily be so far, insane. And yet these justify their faith to themselves, and make what is mad- ness to us science to themselves. Do we not all know people, with solid brains enough, who yet believe in luck in dreams, in fore- shadowing of future events by omens and presentiments ? Which of us is free from every vestige of superstition from the thirteenth at table to the howling of a dog beneath the windows of the sick from belief in ghosts, in spirit-rapping, in fortune telling, to the spilling of stiff and the beginning of a journey on a Friday ? Most of his own to some little thread of what is substantially madness, in that it is a belief only and not in fact-a superstition and not part of a science capable of proof and demon- stable by analysis. So it is, and the weaknesses of strength are to be found everywhere, like the worm casts in the garden, and slate mixed up with again in the slab of variegated breccia. 