PINS. Cum grafio salis. Ono scarcely knows whethor to laugh, get ] indignantly ungry, or go mud over the wonderful effusion invented by some in genious people, and printed in the Australian I of Saturday last. I can but laugh at the 1 idea of a homily on Church matters coming from the quarter it did-that is, if it did come from that quarter, which I a'ii at liberty to think as I pleaso about. Well, I may just as well laugh at the lot of it, for there's nothing particular to got mad about. Of course I know all about this want of "Christiancharity" among religionists; and I havo yet to learn that one section possesses it in a much larger degree than another though in this ca se, to oppose the Australian lender to any section of Christian dogmatists, as being a cut from ono Christian body to another, would be a misnomer, unless it be that ( hvistianity is tho last now fake on tho tupis in Thompson's Square. After all, I shouldn't wonder if it is, for though a leopard cannot chaage his spots, or a tiger his Btripes, stray specimens of humanity can, and do whon^ it suits them, change everything but their hearts-which never change; that portion of their anatomy is always one colour-black. Anyway, it is plain to be seen that a prophot has arisen among us; and when the proseut aldo, thsvjgh crotchetty, gentleman who runs the Protestant Standard feels inclined to ride in a fiery chariot, hie mantle might fall in «race fnl folds nrntind the shoulders of the Windsor Elisha-that is, if the said Elisha, sinco h's conversion, b~'not above clothing himself in cast off rai l eut. It ii not worth while going into details-though I could, very casilv. if I cióos?, " a tale unfold" that would make each Christian mnn in the com munity wince-aye, hide his head for vety shame at the dodges nf men, who d .re atpi e to thc name ca rmon t > all who piofcss to believe in the founder nf their creed. Hut what is the gi ol? the contera] tibie' mind th t i< me in enough to nttac-k n niinis'er of relig i n b.-canse he hulda aloof fran n pnr:y he helii'vrs not in, by acvusini; him of avail ins himself of the nfhrtory funds lo muk' up his Bti'end, and upbraiding himself for tiling lodders into his hoiu<, is mean enough to turn Egyptian and lay stripes upon his f. I ow He" nw. T don't always agree with the Rev. .Mr. Stretton-it ii not natural tl at I should ; that dies not prevent m', however, from saying what 1 think nf tht stupid rgmiro'e that has he a laboriously concocted for the Thompson's Square CliurcV man. If Mr. Stretton h,is boen gui'ty ol preaching doc ri ne at vuriance with th article» «ni ordinances of hit «Kuren, or ; hil conduct lins not been brooming Mint of a teacher among men ; or lie hxt been drunkev, or « brawler, impraoli him by all means' suoli a.man is not fit to occupy the pns'tiun lie holds. But to "get át" á-min hycharg. lng him with turning the parsonage into a board and lodging bouss is "so ludicrously unique, that one has only to "consider a little to see what trouble bil detractors bad to find eren the smallest peg whereon tn - hang a grievance, although, this gentleman's offence U palpable enougli to jnen of the world who are capable of seeing through glasses that are innocent cf party-colour. The Rev F. W. Stretton, with all Iris faults- however great or numerous they m»y be, would become as clean as if he had been washed in the-well, never mind what, it is no use introducing theological nursery rhymes-were he only to wear in his button bole, a different coloured nosegay-a sunflower, or a dandelion, or how would a marigold do t I think it would be about the correct shade, and would look very nice for a miuister of '. peace and goodwill," - and-extremely striving. Well, well, it is certainly fuiiny that it should be considered infra dig for a -clergyman to accommodate a few gentlemen friends, without being accused of sliding into the position of a boarding house keeper. Ai.yway, better a bosrd and lodging house than a den of thieves and vaga bonds. 'Tis as I said a week or two ago ¡ great ohanges are about to take pince ; volcanoes, earthquakes, tidd waves, waves of infidelity, fíathurst Sentinel motilities, and Thompson's Square theology, is about enough to make any decent man give up the ghost in sHeer disgust. Why, fun can be got out of a missionary, even. This is the way Missionary Benjamin Danks writes from Port Hunter, as reported in the IVeeMy Advocate : " It would not do for me to tell all I see, and all we have to put up with, on these trips. There is here, as elsewhere, A pestilence that walketh in darkness; while the 'odour'-caused, so says Lylor, ' by the evaporation Irom the human skin,' and whioh differs in kind accord ing to the races from which it is evaporated is here in a marked degree ; and when a crowd of admiring natives get round one to see him ' feed"-the same as white child ren do around the lion's cage in the Zoo-the ' odour' of this (»articular race is anything but eau de cologne, and does nor even aid digestion -in fact, it is good for nothing, uni ess a man wants an emetic. The other day I happened to turn round, and saw a man preparing my food. He had occasion to clean my plate, and the proper towel not being quite tn hand, he took an old woollen scarf, which had not been washed for months, and wiped it with that. I liked that man. It was very kind of him to luke off IIÍB scarf and clo that kind office fur me. I said nothing, not even thanked him, but carefully cleaned my own plate before sitting down to dinner. But I liad a yet further manifestation of human dis interestedness and self-sacrifice on that same day, for on turning suddenly round, I saw a man wipe my plate on the lowest part of his shir', even the tail. I could not think of letting that p iss, so gave full expression to my gratitude." I should like to have heard Mr. Danks' "expression of gratitude." m uchl y ; it is just possible that it was evi'n more Mark Twaiitisli than Int {Dantes') *' song of the shirt." AsiíoDioi. 