THE CORONATION CEREMONY. Moscow, May 27. On Tuesday the new Czar and his Imperial Consort made their public entry into their ancient capital, and reached the great palace of the Kremlin amidst the plaudits of the people, luey did not take up their abode there, but departed the same evening for a en.all palace on the Sparrow Hills to the south-west of Moscow. This spot on the Sparrow Hills lives in history. It was here that the French army after months of march ing and lighting first caught sight of the city which was now to become its prey. The story runs, and we may well believe it, that the enthusiasm' of the French 011 beholding Moscow was boundless, and that cheer after cheer rent the air and fell upon the ears of the retreating Russian soldiers. The sight was grateful to their eyes, though ominous flames were already breaking forth in the doomed city. There was a sequel to the story. The invading army was no less doomed than the city they were taking, and the 857 cannon arranged in the Square of the Kremlin belonged at one time to the various countries who sent their sons to swell Napoleon's army. The Czar has retired to this palace to pass the time in medita tion and in religious observances, aud he cannot but recall this page of his country's history. At the commencement of a new reign, which may be one of the most critical in the history of the country, it would not be wise to neglect the teachings of the past. It was with mighty throes that the new order of things in France issued out of the old. While the Czar remains in devotional retirement, the movement and excitement n the city moderates down. The flags still cover the houses, and Mongeeks still pro menade the streets in their holiday attire, and preparations continue to be made for the illumination, which will be on an ex tensive scale, butthcieisa want of stirring incident. On Wednesday the banner of the Empire is consecrated, and the Czar swears to follow faithfully in the steps of his ancestors, and to guard the sacred traditions which the banner represents. The ceremony takes place in one of the halls of the paiace, and so far as the public is concerned it is private. On three following days the proclamation of the coronation is made in various parts of the city by the heralds. A squadron of Chevalier Guards, six milk- white horses with magnificent cloths, upon which the arms of the Empire are emblazoned, the heralds, the official who reads the proclamation, a general, Prince Mirsky, and then another squadron of the Horse Guards, form the procession which passes through the city and makes known to the faithtul subjects that the Czar is about to crown himself. The crowd receives the intelligence with loud acclamation and then scrambles for the illuminated vellum sheets upon which the proclamation is written, aud which arc thrown to the lieges. Few copies issue out of the crowd entire: they are gifts from his Czar, and Ivan is satisfied evea if he obtains a very small morsel of one. The crowd soon dwindles away, knt a pretaste is had of the push, and the jostling, and the noise, and the heat, and the smells insepar able from a loyal and enthusiastic throng of thickly dresBed and heavily booted Mon geeks. Yesterday evening the Czar and Czirina, after attending divine service in the chapel in the palace, drove into Moscow and took up their abode in the palace of the Kremlin for the solemn ceremony. The newspapers, which are under the control of the censor when tbey are not official, announce that their Imperial Majesties were pleased to drive without auy escort, so great was their confi dence in the love and loyalty of the people. The Court assembled at an early hour this morning to take up the places assigned for the ceremony of the coronation. I may say at once that I did not see the act of coronation. This took place in the Cathedral of the Assumption, and was witnessed by ouly one English correspondent, the gentleman who represented the Times. The Russian Government have treated correspondents here with marked favour. I sav this in regard to the treatment of others rather than myself, for all my applications to the Government officials on 'behalf of Aus tralia have been met with refusals (sometiues cold and sometimes curt), because, they siy, I arrived too late to be recognised. It is the first time, I understand, that a foreigner, not an Ambassador or Court official, has been allowed to witness the ceremony. At the last coronation the famous letter of Dr. Russell was not written alter such favourable opportunity which the five correspondents belonging „to different nationalities enjoyed to-day. The Russian Government reemed thus to recognise ambassadors from the foreign Press,., and this is perhaps the first time it | has done so, May I> be excused fromV mentioning a small book of lettera; published: hfcan eye- witness Of the last copobation? The author ofJtbe3e letters, hh'wfeVeri'Was ipo representative of the Press,: but a'German General attending the Crown Prince, and he wrote bis thoughts upon the occasion to his future wife. It was the famonS CouniMoltke. The insignia of the Czar was placed in the great HalTof St Andrew yesterday. It was carried from.the Treasury with much pomp and by a. number of minute ceremonies. ThuB, at;the staircase it wise received by certain officials, and at the entrance to certain halls by others^ and so on till the Hall of St. Andrew Vfaa reached, for it is here that the throne is placed. The Hall of St. Andrew is a lofty chamber hung with bine, the colour of the ribbon of the Order, and is very mag nificent . Bells commenced to ring this morning at 7 o'clock, and a salvo of guns was fired. This was a warning to thoBo whose official duties required them to be present At half-past 7 they assembled. Those who were merely permitted to see the procession and were not required to take part in it gathered at 8. The Corps' Diplomatique were requested to be at their poBts at half-past 8. And now commenced the trial of patience. The splendidly arrayed officials of every grade are at their'assigned positions. There they are required to remain for two tedious hours, in a confined space, till the Czar is pleased to show " the light of his eyes." The Erevision for privileged spectators is very raited, and astill more, limited advantage is taken of what is provided. Perhaps enough tickets have been prepared to fill all the seats, but it is very unlikely that they have been issued, for plenty of room can be found for one's hat ars well as one's self. ■In the different rooms of the palace the troops and others who take part m the pro cession have been collected. After religious service had been celebrated, the procession of the Heir-Apparent issues from the palace and passes round the courtyard to the Cathe dral. The buildings concerned in the cere mony of the coronation are arranged in a hollow square, so that the palace and the tower of Ivan Veliki occupy the east and west aides respectively, while the Cathedral of the Assumption lies to the north, and the two other Cathedrals to the south. On each side of WembelikisfTowers, that is to say on the side towards the courtyard, and on that towards the wide plain of the Kremlin, wooden erections have been raised for spectators, and it is to these that reference has already been made. It is now after 10 o'clock, The Cathedral of the Assumption has received the proces sion of the Heir-apparent, and expectation is becoming eager, for the time for the Czar to approach is drawing nearer. The weather has been very changeable. Warm sunshine is followed by the gloom of dark heavy clouds, and again by rain. The great mass of spectators in the open squares to the north and to the east stands quietly waiting. Now and then a swaying can be observed as the blue-coated gendarmes urge their horses among the crowd, but otherwise the dense compact mass stands firmly and silently in its rain-exposed situation. The great gun, the Czar Piishka, stands at a corner, and is covered by the more eager or fortunate, who have gained that vantage ground at an early hour. A red-shirted Mongeek, smoking a long wooden pipe, and a boy, who seems more proud of his position than comfortable in it, sit in the bore of the gun, and wait. The Imperial cortige cannot be hurried, what ever may be the number of people waiting. About half-past 10 the ringing of bells and the firing of cannon announce that the Emperor has started from the palace. The head of another of those gorgeous, yet almost unceasing processions, is approaching. From the Chevalier Guards who lead to the other detachment of Chevalier Guards who come in front of the Imperial insignia there is a long string of various representatives from municipal, legal, educational, and other Corporations. A magnificent baldochim, very high and very long, is borne by thirty-two aides-de camp-general, and under them the Czar walks, followed by the Czarina. They enter the Cathedral of the Assumption, and are hid from the eyes of the vulgar throng. Two hours pass away before they again emerge and continue the procession to the other Cathedrals and the palace; and by this time they are crowned and anointed for the high offices which they fill. But let us return to the ceremony in the Cathedral. When the Emperor or Czar—these words have become synonymous, the latter being Russian, while the former obtains when the French language is used to describe, the ceremonies—when the Emperor or Czar enters the Cathedral he wears the uniform of a general, with the ribbon of St. Andrew over his right shoulder. He sees of the table the point of the imastusis, the Imperial regalia which he will presently assume. There they lie—crown, sceptre, globe, mantle, standard, seal. They are all ready for his use, but he cannot take them till he has proved his sin cerity. The Metropolitan Bishop of Novgorod now stands forward and challenges the Czar to recite the orthodox faith of the Russo-Greek rite, and the Czar takes the book and obeys. At the conclusion of this reading the Metro politan gives the Czar his benediction, and the reading of the Evangel commences. This laEts a considerable time. After the reading is finished the Emperor lays aside the ribbon of his Order, that of St. Andrew, and commands the Metropolitan to bring the Imperial mantle. The Metro politan obeys, and the Emperor puts it on, and afterwards assumes the collar of the Order of St. Andrew set with diamonds. As these are put on the Metropolitan says, " In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, amen." The Emperor calls for his crown. It is brought, and he takes it from the Metropoli tan and puts it on his head. Next he de mands the sceptre and globe, and having received them he Beats himself on his throne. He new calls for the Empress that she may share his glory. She obeys, and kneels before him on a velvet cushion. He touches her forehead with his own crown, and then re places it on hisownhead. Calling for her crown it is brought, and he places it upon her head. She is now to share the weight of the Empire with him, and this new and closer marriage is solemnized with a kiss; and the ladies of the Court are moved, while the veterans of many battles are not uninfluenced by the tender scene. He places the Empress on the throne by bis side, and the Archdeacon pronounces the words—" Domine salvum fat Insperatorum, Domine salvum fae Imptra irirem, ad multos annos." The choir repeats these words three times. The solemn act of coronation is completed, and the bells proclaim the joyous fact to the multitude, whose cheering blends with the salvo of 101 guns. It is a moving sight to witness the enthu siasm of the crowds outside as they cheer and cheer again, and throw np their daps .with delight.' It is'a sight te bereMembered, But eyelwitn esSes say thai; the Sight within the'; Cathedral WaS ..not less touching hud impressive. The Emperor and Empress .are in their I Imperial 'robes, and thecrownflOn : their prows become datoltng as the ravs 01 the feu'n I ateSl'through the windows pi fchb, towers' on the roOL The brightness ;ol the crowns, the great diamonds and huee.rubies, is almost overpowering And then theGfrand' Dukes, old and yOnng, of the same flesh and' blood as their Czar, come and offer their'1, congratulations, and seem, to renew, their: oaths of jallegiance to Berve him to the death. It is a sight of a lifetime, and those whp have' witnessed it declare that it can never'pass from their memory. . . And nbw the Emperor leads the Empress' forward! to the holy doors of the iconosta&is.; or altar Screen, which is ablaze with sacred pictures.' adorned with jewels and gbld( and then he; is anointed by the Metropolitans. The Empress likewise receives this unction. Yet one more ceremony. The Emperor goes within the ho'y gates and np to the altar, where, in his priestly office, an equal of the Metropolitans, he celebrates with them the Sacrament of the Mass. The Empress remains outside, but the elements— or rather the bread, or what was bread, for transubBtantiation is the orthodox doctrine —is brought to her, for women communicate in one kind only. This closes the ceremony, and the procession issues from the Cathedral amidst deafening cheers, the ringingof bells, and the firing of guns. The Emperor marches under his baldacluno before the crowds assembled in the plain or square of the Eremlio. He returns to the palace, and a banquet is partaken of in a room which, is literally filled with golden plate. But this banquet, as well as the room of the palace, and also the illuminations which are now going on—the cheers of the people are ringing in my ears—deserve a more detailed descrip tion than can be given at the end of this letter. 