ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. This Noit Guinea annexation business teems to bo getting nitlxm mixed'as additional light mb thrown 011 it from different quarters. I gets thrown begin to think thnt spirits or animal magnet iim or electro-biology, psychology, or something of that kind has been employed to carry it out For instance, at tho latterond of March wo wero all taken hy surpriio on thiaaido to learn that tho Governmcntof Qiico'nslaisd had sent a despatch to theSecretary of State for tho Colonics offering to snn'X Now Guinea- at its, own expense, and watch orer its interests on bolialf of tho Crown while tho'' Imperial - 'authorities': thouglit the matter over'and decided/upon what should ' be done With the now acquisition permanently. A few days later wo wero all startled still more by learning that the Queensland GoTornment had on second tlioughts decided to annex' the island at once without waiting for a reply to the despatch which had just been forwarded. This/ recollect, was at the latter end of March. . But. en the 20th February, which would bo fire weeks earlier, a papor" called the' Export, pub lished nt Berlin, " Landgrhftcn St rase 10," as we learn from 'the imprint, contained (the fol lowing announcement- ■ Justnow wobavo recoivo& from.ih<0 most reliable authority the information, that England is enerseti. catlv nrjfin? tho annexation of Now Guinea by Queens Itnd. : ' ' r ■ ' ' ' 1 "*'•'* Now, how did that ndw# got to Berlin five weeks before it was thought' of here ? _ Still further in corroboration1 of .this German 'news is the" announcement, raado a, few days ago, to- the effect that Mr. rBomilly, deputy, commissioner under the Pacific Islanders Act, left Xondon in March by the Carthago, being entrusted with a commission to proceed by a mnnof«war from Sjdneylo.annex. ,New Guineaofficially," as; Sir Joseph -Porter! would, say I 1 How :do you account for that ?. -.The moro I: puzzle over tho matter the more difficult it seems to explain it all in any reasonable, logical manner. A Berlin newspaper announced, on authority, on the 20th of February, that Great Britain was urging on Queensland to annex Hew Guinea ; four or five weeks later it occurs all at once to tho Premier of Queensland that it would not be a bad ides; topersuado the Imperial Government to annex the island, and offer to bear , the expense until, permanent arrangements aro made. - - Thinking orer the matter more fully lie becomes so im pressed with tlio excellence of the idea that bo says to himself "Bang my buttons if we won't annex.it at' oncd and not wait for the consent of the old lady at homo "—or words to that effect. At the same moment of time Lord Derby, above all men in the world, says^ "Bang me if I don't start off Komilly at once to annex New' Guinea;" or, words to that effect —and packs him off. inetantcr. Is it not mar vellous? ., The twelfth clauio controversy seems to have worn itself out. Sir Thomas has given in to Griffith, Wienliolt, and'Newton. Three to ono, mindyou,is toomuclr odds, and therefore there is no particular discredit attaching to the -Premier for only coming off second best in such a contest. Ihe most rcuiArkublo thing about it is that no* body of the slightest weight and influence came to his assistance. Ho is fondly cherishing the idea that ho has tho country cnthusiatically with him in this Transcontinental scheme, and affirms that with tho exception of Wienholt and a fow Melbourne men whohave recently paid very long figures for Queensland runs which will bc intersected by . tins railway, and Griffith •nd iris mob who opposo it for poli tical purposes solely, and will bo ready enough to advocate it themselves when they get into power, if that ever hupponv wluoh is very improbable indeed—I say the Premier cherishes the idea, and indcod asserts that all tho intelligent men are on his side. Yet, never amnn jack of them put pen to paper to help him fight this battle over tho twelfth clause, nor the still more important battle with Wionholt on the general question. This is anotacr queer tlr'ng—don't you think? But something has coino out of the t welfth clause discussion. Something to rejoico the hoart of every patriotic Queenslunder. Something fcr every man who happens to bo in debt to ponder carefully, to rend, mark, learn, anrl inwardly digest, so to speak, as it will bo of inriduuble importnnco to him. There has been a collateral discussion on the indebtedness of the colony, and the other day a writer under the signuturo of '* A.B.O.," proved as plain as a pike*stHff that, although we huve actually borrovfod £13,125,280, and are paying at the ralo of about four and a-half per cent, per annum interest on that amount, yet properly considered, our public debt is only £3,170,491; I have not time or space-here to show how tho problem is worked out and • the thing explained, * bub'tlioro it i*. Now that is tho stylo.'/of exposition that takes my fancy. I do not happen to he heavily in debt mjBolf, for; a' simple- but all-sufficient reason which it is nob necessary to explain; but I can well understand tho joy of heart which would como to a man who owed fay £100,000 to havo it oxpluined to him, aud demonstrated to his croditors that in reality the net value of his debt was only a tritlo over £60,000. And, of course the same principles apply to little debts as to big once, and.to debts owed by individuals just the same us to tlicso owed by States. . I call this one of the grandest dis coveries of the ago. This shows the advantage of the twelfth clause in a new light. If there had been no • twelfth clause there would have been no dircussion on the indebtedness of the I colony^ and no letter by " A.B.C " demonstrate | ing! by iucontrovcrlible argument,. that this colony really and truly owes-37! per cent less tlmnwe have ull hitherto been led to | bolieve. ' lam uotanenterprising man myself. Mucbctli would have observed of roe as he is reported to have said to the ghost of Banquo, "Thou liast no speculation in those eyc3 which thou dost glaro with"—-if I had happened to glare on him, which .I am . not in the habit of doing, unless somebody - says aggravating things t> mo - asks me to pvy a second time when I happen to have lost the receipt for the first paymcit, or something of that kind. Thore are numerous ways of making money— honestly and reputably too—that would never occur to mo. The following from & Queens: land paper just to hand—the Mart/borough Chronicle, if I do not'mistakc—is one of the modes of making a good cheque which I should not have .thought of if I had eat and cudgoiled niy brains for a century : — One of tho musicians who came to Australia with the "Austrian Band'' has engage! in aver/ novel entorpriso for tho public amnsemcDt. Ho is return- J ins to Austria, with forty live kangaroos, and it said lias already cancel a preliminary announcement j to bo made in Vienna of a grand kangaroo hunt, to be } held undor tbo patronago and in tho presence of the j of. I no Empress, who is passionately fond of ilio chase. Only to think of that now* 1 It is just as likely as not that t he Austrian bindsman may riso to fame and fortune by those forty livo kangaroos if he lias the luck to got thenr to Vienna alive aud kicking, as the saying is, and the Empress and her courtiers happen to fancy the sport, which is; very likely indeed. Poor Artemus Ward's real live kangaroo was "anamoosing cuss "—so bo.- said again and again in the accounts of his show, which,' if true, is a suffi cient proof. that his particular marsupial was an exceptional specimen—very exceptional. So far as my personal experience of kangaroos goes the only amusing featuro about them is when they prefer somebody else's green oats to your own—which is very rarely the case if y rnr divid ing fenceisonly a two- rail one.andyoudon'tbap pen to haTe a good kangaroo dog. But, in the matter of hunting themin the technical sense of the term—I don't know any animal living that can stand more hunting on horseback than n lieulthy adult Kangaroo who has no faniiiy ties to impede his movomcnt, and ,who has ascer tained before hand where he can make for to be out of the reach of dogs, horses, ond their riders.1 Any huntsman or hnntswotuan— if the term is allowable-who runs down u kangaroo under the above conditions, and secures his tail, is entitled to more credit than he (or she) could get by ndozeu or a score foxes' "brushes.". This is where the Austrian bandsman will show his skill and judgment— or thocontrary. When ho gels to Vienna with his kangaroos he must give them a fair chance ; let them fully fako in the situation, as the saying is, and realise where their city of refuge really is-and then any ono of them will give the Empress oF Austria as much riding after as she cares for before it is caught out of bounds. The lofty /intellectual pedce'al from which some self-styled " freethinkers" look down upon tho livings and doings of benighted believers in Christianity is no doubt the re* son'why the latter appear so small, potty, and insignificant. Min now* must look exceedingly stnaii tojho txitons who.condescend to notice tliem, and ono can imagine philosophers like Herbert Spencer, Prtfessor Huxley, Malhew Arnold, and men of thai stamp, looking down with contempt, ir.t. unmixed with pity, upon the disjointed, irra tional notions respecting religion, polities, aiul social relations which make up the ethics of the aborigines of some little far off South Sea Island only just discovered. But tho mighty intellects of the type of freethinkers to whom I allude in particular, if not sufficiently acute to enable them to perceive that the term by which thoy love to designate themselves, if it havo any real meaning, must mean tho assertion of the inalienable right of freedom of thought, and freedom of expressing that thought, and living up to it, or down to it, as the ruse may be, providing, of course, that this dors nof trench upon the equal rights of all \ others in the same respect. If ibis be j bo, then surely. a~. Win or woman is or ought to be as free to think and spent from the Christian point of view, as they arc' frro to think from any other. Acd thia being conceded, where does the scorn l"*1 con tempt come in which these champions of i.-e thought are bo ready to. hurl at on j one who professes to be religious in tho common acceptation of tlic term? One might be led to suppose that professed and professing free thinkers would bo those above all others who were ready and willing to exercise the widest toleration to all opinion honestly and conscien tiously held. • liot. so, .however, with the majority. They claim the right to think for themselves and come to their own conclusions, bufcpraclically they donotconcede the same right to others und respect the conclusions honestly come to, unless they happen to bo tho ssme as their own. This is where I think, these free thinkers arc inconsistent. What ground have they for assuming that freedom of thought fully'exerciaed leads inevitably-to a rejection of all religious belief, except such as can be got out of spirit- rapping, table-turning, and so called messages from the . spirit world, which mostly turn out to be either untrue, nrsleading, i silly, or merely wonderful tricks and conjur ing feats, or the result of natural causes not yet; fully aicerlained and tabulated ? If the i freethinkers to whom X allude would think it | over freely it is likely enough they would come ; to tho conclusion that the Christian religion, after all, is not so very much more irrational, I superstitious, and degrading than spiritualism [ as expounded by the advanced scientists. 