NOTES BY SILVERPEN; The Salvation Army — or the ''Salva tioners,' as we hear them called by some of their admirers — have been prevented from practising their grotesque, comic illustrations and exhortations in the city of Bombay, — and justly, too, I consider. Their uncouth mouthing of the sacred name of Jesus are offensive and mischiev ous. Some of their songs and refrains, like their harangues, are diametrically opposed to the teaching of our divine and blessed Redeemer when on earth, and it is surprising that professing Christians and even ministers of the gospel join in them. Here is one refrain : — ' If you can't get in at the golden gate, get over the garden wall.' Thus it is implied that one can obtain admission into the mansions above by stealth. But our Saviour said; ' I. am the way, the truth, and the life : no man conieth to the Father but by me.' Again, *' He that entereth not by the door, but climbeth some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.' I am not on for sermonising, nor is this the place for it ; but this is the place for expression of opinions, that others may judge of their value and correctness, and think matters out. I rather fancy that those persons who view this army as that spoken of in holy writ as coming in the last days are doomed to woeful disap pointment. * * #? Mr. Parnell is aggrieved. He con siders that he has been unjustly assailed, and undeservedly lectured. The un iiappy crowd of malcontents he heads will ever be so. They are always agitat ing, disputing, rebelling, and plotting: as one grievance dies, or wears itself out, another is got ready. Because a few daring Fenians in America raise their arms and voices against old England, many persons have lulled themselves into the idea that the stars and stripes are ready at any moment to strike a blow at England on behalf of Ireland. How foolish ! Such persons must remember that all nations are well represented in America, and that in itself is a guarantee for peace. How sad to hear educated men say that ' it is a pity they don't at once assassinate the informer, Carey.' Here we see the real feeling. But these men don't think or meditate on a matter ; they act on the impulse of the moment. One thing is certain. Parnell can't clear himself, and the House condemns him, discrediting his statements when placed in juxtaposition with his actions. Poverty and Suffering. — 'I was drag ged down with debt, poverty, and suffering for years, caused by a sick family and large bills for doctoring, which did them no good. I was completely discouraged, until one year ago, by the advice of my pastor, I procured Hop Bitters and commenced their use, and in one month we were all well, and none of us have seen a sick day since ; and I want to say to all poor men, you can keep your families well a year with Hop Bitters for less than one doctor's visit will cost. I know it.' —A Working Man. Eead. Valuable Discovery fob the Hair.— If your hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, uso ' The Mexican Hair Renewer,' for it will positively restore in every case Grey or White Hair to its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most ' Restorers.' It makes tho hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of tho hair on bald spots, where *.he glands are not decayed. Ask your chemist fcr ' The Mexican Hair Rknewer,' sold by chemists and perfumers everywhere at 3/6 # bottle. Wholesale depot removed to 33, Farring ?flon-road, London. Pi.oriline!— Foh tiik -Tki'/i'H ani- Bueatii.— A few 'hops of the liquid* 'Floriline' sprinkled on a wet tooth brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly «leiinw!s the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens tthu gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gjves to the teeth »i peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful frag_rance to the bueaih. It removeR all unpleasant odour arisingfrom decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. ' The Fragrant T?lori line, being composed in part of honey and sweet herb3, ia delicious to the tante, and tho greatent toilet discovery of the age. Price 2/6, of nil ohemiats and perfumers, Wholesale depOt removed to 3J, Forringdon-rcmd, Lon. Tank iron Post-office.— The following ; letter has been received: — 'General Post- | office. Sydney, 7th March, 1883.— Sir,— In rot'erence to your communication of tho 26fch ultimo, relative to the construction of an under- ground tank at the post and telegraph office, Oootamundra, I am directed to inform you that the matter has been referred to the Works Department, and as soon as a reply is received, a further communication will be addressed to you. — I have, &c;, S. H. Lamuton, Secretary. — Fred. Pinkstoue, Esq., Secretary Vigilance Committee, Coota mundra.' PjtoinTiuioM wdeh LiOEis'sixu Act. — We have been requested to publish the following clause of the Licensing Act No. 2. which bears on private persons who luay assist inebriates to obtain drink in spite of a prohibition : — ' 34. Whenever such Court i or Justices shall in the execution of the j forogoing powers have prohibited the sale of liquor to any inebriate if any other person shall with a knowledge of such prohibition give sell purchase or procure for or on behalf of such inobriato or for his use any jSuch liquor such person shall upon convic tion for every ouch offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding £5.' Rain. — Nice steady rain fell at Yammatree, Burra, and Cooluc on Tuesday night, 27th ult. The heat is very much reduced. More rain threatening. Mitta Mitta and Cooba had nice showers, too ; and at Bongongolong a nice fall occurred on the same night. Accident. — An accident, happily un attended by any vory serious result, happened to Mr. and Mrs. Foley, of Well's Flat, Burra, on Sunday last. They were seated in a springcart, in which was also a bag of flour, and as they were going down an incline in the vicinity of M'Callum's selection the off. wheel came in contact with and ran along the top of a dead log, capsizing the cart. Fortunately no injury was done to the vehicle, horse, or harness. Mr. Foley escaped free, but Mrs. Foley received a few slight bruises. Gundagai Slate.— The Times reports : — As the contractor for the new Bank of New South Wales is desirous of using South Gun dagai slates for looting purposes, he has sent samples of the slates to the architect in Sydney. The opinion of Mr. Lindsey. is that the local slates are superior to Welsh productions. How a Man Acts when he Upsets an Inkstand. — A man may be cool as an icicle under extraordinary circumstances of danger or excitement ; he may preserve an even mind when a ghost comes into his room at midnight; he may assume command and act nobly and well when the ship is sinking ; but let that man, let any man, upset his inkstand, and he springs to his feet, makes a desperate grasp for the inkstand, and knocks it half way across the table, claws after his papers, and swoops them through the sable puddle to save them, tears his white silk handkerchief from his pocket and mops up the ink with it, and after he has smeared the table, his hands, and his lavender trousers with ink, as far a8 it could be made to go, discovers that early in the engage ment he knocked tho inkstand clear off the table, and it has been draining its life-iuk away all that time in the centre of the only light figure in the pattern of the carpet. Then he wonders why a man always makes a fool of himself when he upsets a bottle of ink. He doesn't know why. No body knows 'why. But every time it is so. If you don't believe it, try it. — Burlington Haiokeye. Adelina Patti. — Says Byrne's Dramatic News: — 'The habits of Madame Patti are very simple, and one day is ap exact repro duction of another. She rises usually at midday, and takes a French dejeuner a la fourchette at 1 o'clock. She usually eats a bird and a little salad, driaks diluted claret and a tiny cup of black coffee. At 2 her carriage is brought up to the door, and she and Sig. Nicolini take a drive through the park on the boulevard, returning punctually at 3'30. She then practises a little, and at 5 takes a short nap, sometimes going out to dinner at 7 ; bub as a rule, on those days when she does not.-sing, she prefers dining in her rooms alone with Sig. Nicolini. She is fond of dominoes and checkers ; and thus the evening whiles away until 11, when after a light supper sho goes to bed. On the days when she sings she rises as usual at 12, and eats a heavier breakfast than usual at 1. She drinks a whole bottle of Chateau Lafite. She never, under any circumstances, touches champagne. Then comes the drive, and at 4 o'clock she goes to bed, sleeping until 7. People are posted about the rooms to prevent any noiso being made, so that when sho is wakened she feels quite refreshed. She then dresses for the fiist act of whatever part she appears in, and practises her voice for half an hour while walking round the room. During the toilette Sig. Nicolini goes to the piano and warms himself up by practising a pleine voix. Before starting for the theatre Mme. Patti drinks a large glass of brandy and soda allowing the gas to evaporate. This is the reason she does not drink champagne. She believes the gas hurts her voice. During, a performance M'rne. Patti takes nothing whatever, and when it is over feels greatly exhausted, for she lias eaten nothing since one o'clock. The suppers after her performance are always her heaviest meals, and very naturally, a, roast chioken or partridge, with half a bottle of Lafite, generally compose tho meal. She objects to made dishes and rich soup. It is almost unnecessary to say that Sig. Nicolini's habits and taste are precisely the same as those of Mme. Patti, and that his delicate attentions to her wants and taste insure as inuoh as anything tho continuance of the romance of their lives.' Mr. J. Stinson's wheat harvest at Blayney is reported to show 40 bushels to tho acre, and another's as high as 50, Sale of Land.— Mr. Kobfc. Little, the butcher, has purchased,* at £5 an acre, the paddocks of 40 acres known as Gregory's farm on the Temora road just beyond M'Gowan's lane. Water at Junelv- The Wagga Adver tiser learns from a trustworthy source that the Government sinker at Junee came upon water on Saturday last, at a depth of 75ft., , and that in a short space of time tho water had risen u'Oft. The sinker believes that when he has gone a littler deeper an un limited supply can be tapped. This intelli gence is ol' importance to Wagga Wagga, inasmuch us tin agitation has been going °on i seeking thy transfer of sheds from Junee to ; Waggn Wugga on account of the water difli 1 culty. The discovery of so necessary an ! elementmu.si- dissipate all hopes as to the I accomplishment of a proposed change which | is so much espoused by the workmen them selves. Tin-: Guenmll Electorate.— A large meeting was hold at Grenfeli on Monday night to secure the return of Mr. James Watson, in the event of Mr. Vaughn's seat being declared vacant. Mr. W. J. Watson attended and explained the cause of his brother's absence. Mr. Whelau is also a candidate, and visited Grenfeli on Saturday. Mr. J. A. Greene has announced his inten tion of contesting the election. Other can didates spoken of are Mr. J. B. Donkin, Mr. John Bridge, and Mr. M'Elhone. The hope is expressed that sufficient time will be al lowed for the proper conduct of the election, as upon the last occasion the romote places in the largo electorate were virtually dis franchised through the way the election was hurried through. Rush to Marsdens. —News is to hand that the prospectors who have been search ing for payable alluvial ground in the dis trict near Marsdens, which lies within the auriferous line of country continuing from Temora, have been so far successful in their efforts as to warrant them in hoisting tho 'red flag,' the signal of having struck payable ground. If this turns out to be true, it will furnish an additional argument in favour of the efforts being made here and elsewhere to try and induce the Government to offer the means of settling this country. Messrs. O'Brien and party are the pros pectors. The prospectors obtained about 4gr. to the dish, the sinking being 30ft. There is a scarcity of water, and on .this ac count warning is given against a rush. But it is little use giving any such warning. Men do not like fro lose the chance of getting a good thing. The quickest route to the field should be via Cootamundi;a, Temora, and Barmedman, on account of the regu larity of the coaching. The field lies be tween Barmedman and Marsdens, and is about 30 or 40 miles north of the former place. There are roads also from Grenfeli and Young. Railway prom Murrumburrah. — At Cowra, the railway from Blayuey 'to Mur rumburrah is causing some agitation at present. A public meeting was held on Monday, when it was resolved to send a deputation to Sydney to co-operate with the members for tho district, who now seem to think it is doubtful whether the present Government will sanction the construction of the line. A large and enthusiastic meeting was held on Tuesday afternoon at Carcoar. A number of residents from different parts of the^ district were present. The first resolution passed was, — ' That in view of an early prorogation of Parliament, and of the House remaining in recess some months, this meeting should strongly urge upon the Minister for Works the desirability of a plan and specifications of the proposed line from Blayney to Murrumburrah as far as its com pletion from Blayney being laid upon the table of the House in time for approval be fore such prorogation.' The meeting then decided that the following form a deputation to wait on the Minister for Works, viz., the Mayor, Mr. M'Killop, Mr. Burke, and Mr. Henry Glasson. The speeches of Messrs. Garland and Glasson were most strongly condemnatory of the action of the late Government ia starting the line from Mur rumburrah instead of from Blayney, at a point nearly 90 miles nearer to Sydney. Another meeting ou the subject is to be held at Blayney on Wednesday night to appoint another deputation. Much excitement re specting this question prevails throughout the whole district, owing to rumours of an agitation at Grenfeli to annul the past action of Parliament approving of this line. Tumbaiujmba Timber. — Soine specimens of rare wood, (says the Wagga Advertiser J are open to inspection at Mr. David Cop land's, which were brought from Tum barumba a few days since by Mr. Rogers, of Forest Hill. One class, the mountain ash, is an easy splitting wood, and adapted for various uses, while the urabbi, another sort, is of great value, having been hitherto im ported from America and Europe for coach building purposes. What with gold, agri-' culture, pastoral operations, and the rich ness of the forests, a railway from- Wagga Wagga to Tumbarumba should be con structed as early as possible. With the de velopment of a trade in timber, for which there is a largo demand, a line to Tumba rumba should prove a payable concern. How to Get Sick. — Expose yourself day and night, eat too much without exercise, work too hard without rest^ doctor all the time, take all the vile nostrums advertised, and then you will want to know. Thkoat Affections and Hoarsen kss.~A11 suffering from irritation of tho throat and hoarseness will be agree ably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of ' Brown's Bronchial Troches.' These famous 'lozenges' are now sold by most respectable chemists m this country nt 1/lJ $ box. People troubled with a 'hacking cough,' a ' slight cold,' or bronchial affec tions, cannjt try them too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in serious Pulmonary a.iid Abthmatic affections. See that the words 'Brown's Bronchial Troches' are on the Government stamp around eiush box.— Prepared by John I. Bnows and Sons, Bos ton, U.S. Eiuopo/.u depOt removed to 39, Farringdou road, London, \ ? 