LAW COURTS. SUPREME COURT—CRIMINAL SITTINGS. Tuesday, June 19, [Before Mr, Justice Boucaufc.] THE BUKFORD NUISANCE CASE. In this case the Crown Solicitor (Hon, C. Mann, Q.C.) applied to the judge to enter the verdict given by the jury as one of guilty. He contended that it amounted to a finding of guilty. Mr. J. H, Symon, Q.C., opposed the application. His Honor said he did not intend to hear the point argued then. He would take a note of Mr. Symon's points, and reserve a case for the consideration of the Full Court. Mr. Symon said that on the finding of the jury he should contend that a verdict of not guilty should be entered. He quoted from Archibald on the point of special verdicts. After a short discussion, His Honor said the verdict was open to three constructions—fir3t, that it was one of guilty; secondly, that it was one of not guilty; thirdly, that on the verdict there should be a new trial. He intended to enter a verdict of guilty, as he thought the findiEg amounted to that, but would reserve a case for the con sideration of the Supreme Court on all points raised, including Mr. Bundey's argument on the construction of the Sewers Act. Mr. Symon said the defendants would come up for judgment when called upon. His Honor ordered them to be bound over in their own recognizances of £59. THE LINKLATER LIBEL CASE. Frederick Ilarvie Linklatcr, solicitor, was charged with publishing a malicious libel on Moss Samuel Solomon in the Cawler Bunyip, in March last. Mr. W. V. Smith, with Mr. Matthews, appeared for the defendant. The alleged libel wa3 as follows :—" Some considerable time ago in the days when pira tical opera-bouffe was all the rage at the Theate Royal, and leg3 and champagne used occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a daring, but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable deter mination of ' sheeing somethings for notings ma tear.5 With this end in vie w the gentle man (?) in question, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of finger nails, attained an airy and advantageous position on the roof of Mr. Macdonald5s stabling, from which vantage - ground he had an uninterrupted view of the uudraped window of the room wherein certain undraped young ladies were in the habit of noctur nally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight until in an ill starred moment a brother tom-cat uplifted his voice in a minor key at his elbow! The sound attracted the attention of a more than usually undraped nymph, and a terrific scream announced to the hapless in truder that his dazzling shirt-front and glit tering diamond studs had been 'spotted!5 Vainly he strove to make his way to terra firma! Unnerved and gasping he hung by a waterspout and finger-tips, from which perilous position he was rescued by the stage manager and property-man. But hi3 troubles had only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too! They took him to their dressing-room, and having plenti fnllv him wif.h rlirfcv waf.or rlAfr.lTr fully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their ready powder-puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion, the old man raised his eyes and his hands, and exclaimed, " Holy Moses! ish dat a ghost or a rollingpin? . . . Now you would hardly credit it, but this young gentle man is a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with gentlemen. Of course, after the above narrative every one will know what for.55 Witnesses were ordered out of court. The Hon. C. Mann, Q.C., in opening the case, said the defendant was charged with having written a false and malicious libel about Mr. Moss Samuel Solomon who was at the time and wa3 now a member of the Volunteer Force. And about the time of the publication of the libel he had applied for a commission in the force and gone up for his examination, which he subsequently passed with a view of being appointed an officer of the force. About that time the paragraph appeared in the Bunyip of March 23, 1SS3. The jury had heard the libel read in the information. - If the jury did notthink the written matter libellous it would, as His Honor would tell them, then be their duty to acquit the prisoner. The learned counsel, after describing the nature of a libel, said the jury would see that it was not at all necessary to constitute a libel that a man should be accused of crime only. Anything that tended to make him ridiculous or that held him up to ridicule or contempt in the eyes of ri^ht- seeing men was a libel. And the writer of a libel wa3 liable to prosecution and punishment by fine or imprisonment. In that particular case, Mr. Solomon, who was a Jew, was in the Volun teer Force—and there were only four of the Jewish persuasion in the force—and Colonel Downes would be called to prove that Mr. Solomon was the person referred to in the objectionable paragraph. That would not be denied, for, as a matter of fact, defendant had pleaded the truth by saying that Mr. Solomon was not only the person referred to in the paragraph, bat that the paragraph was true. If the paragraph dia not hold up to ridicule tlie person referred to, ho (the learned counsel) did not know what was libel. If any man could have such exceed ingly low ideas as to climb up to a window to see a lot of women in a state of nudity or semi- nudity, such a man would certainly be a cur and unfit to mix with gentlemen. The defendant undertook to prove the truth of his assertions. But a libellous statement, if true, was still a libel. He (the learned counsel) would confine himself to the simple issue as to whether the paragraph were true or not. Mr. Solomon himself would go into the witness-box and swear that it wa3 absolutely untrue; and a lot of other wit nesses wouldbe examined who would alsos wear that Mr. Solomon was not the man. If Mr. Solomon were guilty of the conduct attri tinted to him the jury would acquit the defendant, but if be were not they could properly bring in a verdict of guilty, for hs, the learned counsel, need hardly tell them that it was one thing to write in the strain of that paragraph and another to come into court and atte not to justify what had been written, and to repeat that what had been written wa.3 true in substance and in fact. The following evi dence w as then called:— Michael John Stapleton, a bootmaker, residing in Gawler, proved purchasing a copy of the Bunyip in which the libel appeared. William JBarnet, proprietor of the Gawler Bunyip, said ho was printer and editor of the paper. The defendant was the writer of the article complained of. Cross-examined by Mr. Smith—Had had some considerable ex perience as a pressman. Knew nothing of the prosecutor. Edwin John Cox, solicitor, proved the receipt of the following letter which was put in" Victoria Chambers, Flinders-street, April 5, 1SS3. Messrs. Wadey & Cox, solicitors. Dear sirs—in answer to your letter of to-day, I beg leave to correct your statement that I made a conditional offer on behalf of Mr. Barneb to give up the name of his correspondent. The con dition inserted in my letter was no more than the one implied in your own letter of the 27fch, viz., that if Mr. Barnet disclosed the name of his correspondent he would he freed from the proceeding which you threatened if he did not do so, My embodiment of that condition was so superfluous that I now dispense with its repe tition, and as Mr. Barnet's attorney comply with your original request, for which com pliance you extended the time in your inter view with me and Mr. Mathews; and I therefore announce to you that the town correspondent of the JBunyip who writes under the name of " Pelts," and who wrote the article of March 23, is myself; and I beg leave to add that an account of the occurrence in the rear of the theatre was published in the Bulletin some two years ago, and Mr. Solomon, your client, was there named as the hero. I desire to also add that I myself witnessed the whole affair, in cluding the punishmeut inflicted by the ladies,"and was an amused spectator of its ghostly result. If your client, animated after two years by a sudden access of self-respect, is so ill-advised as to proceed I shall have no hesitation in proving the above facts, and that your client has admitted them. And I have no hesitation in saying from my know ledge of the army and volunteers (in a distin guished corps in which I have served) that it was a matter of the highest importance to the force and to the public that respectable citi zens who undertake to defend their country should not have such an officer appointed to lead them in the field without the force and the public being both made well aware of it. —Yours truly, Fred. H. Linklater." Moss Samuel Solomon, the prosecutor, said he was of the Jewish persuasion, and was a sergeant in the B battery of Port Adelaide Artillery. There were other Jews in the artillery. In March last had applied for a lieutenancy, and was going in for an ex amination. The libel in " Town Talk" of the Bunyip applied to him and was wholly incor rect. Cross-examined by Mr. Smith, First saw the paragraph complained of on the Tuesday following Easter Monday. Wrote to Mr. Stapleton to buy a copy of the paper. Got the loan of a Bunyip from the Register oifice. Asked for the paper because he had heard about the article. Major Solomon told him about it. Would not swear that other officers in the service did not tell him about it. Was not chaffed about the article though he would not swear he was.not. Had been joked about something similar, viz,, as to getting on a roof ana looking at unclothed girls dressing themselves. Had been joked about it for two years, but not constantly. Might have been chaffed about it fifty times. Bead an article in the Bulletin. Was never told that that article referred to him. Never thought it was meant for him. Sergeant Lillywmte had chaffed him about it, but could not say he had done so often. Witness complained to him about the chaffing. George William Stacey was a brother officer, and had chaffed him about the article. Was joked in his presence about looking at girls dressing ana being powdered for it. Some times half a dozen or so persons were present when he was chaffed. Never did anything to justify Sergeant Stacey in saying he (witness) glorified in having been guilty of the accusation. Was written to and told that he would not be made an officer unless he could clear himself of tie imputation contained in the Bunyip. Would swear he was not on the roof as wa3 described. Was never nearer McDonald's stables than the stage door. Had been near the stables. Did not remember anyone named Elliot. Never told anyone he had been on the roof. Had told brother officers he had known " the six officers " in the " Tambour Major." Never boasted that he had been improperly intimate with them. Knew one of the girls, named Lena Carey, but would not say that he had not boasted of having had an improper intimacy with her. Mr. Mann thought this sort of cross examination should be stopped. It had nothing to do with- the issue, and for all reasons it should be excluded. His Honor did not see what it had to do with the issue. Witness continued—Had been called the "B Battery Bam," but was only called that by one person. Never boasted of having had improper intimacy with any of the Tambour Major girls. The joking about the roof busi ness had gone on for the last two years. Had never glorified in it. Mrs. Fow wrote a letter to him at his request. She was one of the six officers, and was then known as Miss Harris—Did not know whether he did so before or after the article appeared in the Bunyip. Said in the Police Court that from the description given to him of the persen on the roof he thought it was a man named Isaacs. Suggested hi3 name to Mrs. Ford. Did not remember the article in the Bulletin being read more than once in the Military Club room. Was aware when he gave the names of the two Isanc3 in the Police Court that they were both out of the colony. By the Judge—Was never on the roof, and would swear the article, if refering to him, was false. Wore slight side whiskers when the Tambour troupe was in Adelaide. (Left Sitting.) 