Ladies' Page. Gipsy's Notes. Randwick. THE oommittee of the Literary and Debating Asac oiation thought a few golden ooina would be acoeptabl to the School of Arts, and knowing from practica experience moat folk decline to give something fo " nothing, put their heads together, and calling in al the looa! talent, arranged a programme for the 26th ... " oonsisting of mnsical and literary parts, requestei Mr. J. See, M.L.A., to preside, and a very fair nun: " ber of half-orowns was given in exchange. A oonph of clever pianistes contributed one duet and t Bolo each. "When the tide comes in," b.an tifully rendered by a popular cantatrice, whose second selection was, "Roberto, tu ohe adoro" \--equally charming as to vooalisation ; bat 1 oouldnothelp wishing that Roberto were dead, so that no more young ladies may tell their senti menta with regard to him. " True to [the Last " showed off the mellow tonea of a young auctioneer's voice, and his brother-in-law waroled sweetly about " Olivia," but \ enunciation was not quite as distinct as could be . wished. "Shamus O'Brien" was resuscitated, but with so capable a reciter one oould but welcome the broth of a boy. A young lady, well known in the mnsioal world, gave all the trills and cadenzas in the ." Wood Nymph's Call" most distinctly andpower , fully, and a couple of comic songs with a solo Here upon my vessel's deck," brought the first part to the seoond. Tn this poor Mr. Pickwiok was worried again by that designing Bardell woman. Mr. W. Bethune made an axcellan'f: Jastioa Stanleigh, Sergeant Buzluzz Îuite as good by Mr. W. S. Gale, Mr. '. T. Gray, Sergeant Snnbbin ; , Messrs. W. > Bradley, Nathaniel Winkle ; P. Lowe, Parker ; 0. Pearoe, Sam Weller; P. W. H. Péaroe, Elizabeth Cluppins; and Mr. Little, Clerk of the Court, made up the rest ' of the oast. Cobar. Bather more spinstors than bache lórs wore entertained by tho latter at a ball on the 26th. ' A capable 'musician's efforts were supplemented. . by three |extras, given Iby a Sydney , lady who woroj white grenadine, satin and cardinal, and was reckoned amongst the best dancers. The mem- ber's pretty daughter was much ad- mired in black velvet. The same material with cardinal added thereto, made Miss Adams equally attractive. Miss Hobrin in pale blue satin, Miss Jones in blue and cream, Miss Paoey in blue, Miss Sparkes incream and , blue, were calculated to inorease the listof Benodiots ; and black and cardi- nal upon a married lady, mado other . fellows envy Mr. Barton. Dancing was kept up till nearly 3. ' Double Bay Regatta. The steamship Emu, on Saturday 27th, oarriod the City Band (or a por- tion, thereof under Mr. S. Hodge, * director) and a large number of pas ? sengers from Circular Quay, past pic- turesque Elizabeth Bay and Darling ' Point, whose villa grounds, arrayed in spring glory, looked their very ¿loveli- est to Double Bay, there took on board another instalment of summer gar menta and their wearers, and grace- fully steamed out to deep water, drop ned anchor, and the business of the dav began. Gentlemen in black and yellow, red'and white, and blue and white nautioal snits, posed them ; Bel ves in various picturesque attitudes as their barques floated or flew, aooording to the wind, which upon this oooaBion was very variable indeed, render- ing yachting anything but idle work. Rowing boats manned by emulous youths bobbed about ; and a number of frolicsome spirits, knowing that regattas ? are at times tinotured with monotony, kindly did " their best to liven matters. By some mys . terious means eight or nine of these young fel v 'lows had possessed themselves of a lifeboat. Themselves they arrayed in brilliant attire, ?' bell-topper hats (rather ancient), striped ooa'js, and ' knees embellished with brilliant fleoks of colour 1 crimson, greon, and black ; a bright green sunshade, and one of snowy white (both of diminutivo dimen Bions) kept the snn from the most delicate complexions; ' wild flowers wreathed their hats and their ship ; a tin can, bucket, and dipper were amongst tho cargo, and when things became very dull the two latter r' were brought into action in a sousing match, while upon the former time was kept to vocal melodies. ; Even tho sun was doterminod that uniformity should not bo oppressive; so evory now and then . his Solship retired behind dark banks of olouds, sending huge rain drops in his placo ' and within fivo minutes reappearing in mostbeamine; Btyle. Tho wind, touched by tho same capricious 3 mood, waa at one time warm and another cool, and \- yet again went off duty altogether. Music, how- ever, was always tho same-very pretty : and plenty <r to take up one's attontion in tho human way made the afternoon very lively. Several dainty white ' dresses were displayed ; Mrs. J. Doyle had ono, and the deep brown eyes of her sister (Mrs. Anslow) were '? ínatohod to a flhado by a velvet Tam o' Shanter cap and toilette. Two Misses Macintosh wore pretty blue . and pink chock drosses. Miss Dunnioliffo, green cash- mere skirt and check redingate. A trim figure lookod nice in grey zephyr cloth, with cardinal ribbons and a hat large enough for two was lined with white muslin and buttercups. Mrs. Wyatt wore navy blue satin with cardinal sparingly introduced. Mrs. W. ? Trickett, deep blue satin with boadod passementerie. v Blaok Bilk costume beneath a large Leghorn straw ' hat and cream feathers was very becoming. Soft grey costume and rodingato in company with a blaok straw sailor hat very neat and pretty. Madame Marius's Concert. . - The audience in the Protestant Hall on Monday '. (29th) was fashionable, pretty, and oxtonsive. Tho . oene^lciare could not complain of want of ^sympathy or appreciation, so far as her renditions went ; . bouquets and baskets of flowers were handed to her at eaoh appearance, and no end of applause given. "He shall feed his flock " (Messiah), suited her voice and Btylo excellently, and she was obliged to repeat a portion. Signora Eabris's illness prevented , her from taking part in the duet, from ' ' Sappho," so ' Madame substituted a saucy little ballad, " A Sum- mer Shower," and later Pinsati's "If," both of whioh were expressively given, so far as . melody went, but, many of the words were inaudible. " Schubert's Serenade " suited her Btyle better. A voice of power and compass well trained "is that of Madame Marius, though one or two man- nerisms, suoh as projecting the lower jaw, and again Curling and extending the upper lip, interfere rather seriously with the quality of her tones. Madame Charbonnet-Kellerman played " Chopin's Seherzo " in B flat minor and " Dinorah Waltz " with her ao« oustomed briUianoy and sweetness ; for the latter her re-appearance was demanded. Mr. T. H. Ramford took part with Madame M. in a duet from " Sata¿ nella," and contributed likewise ia sonorous and powerful tones " The Wanderer" and "The Baft." Laura Creek Station Hospitalities, A kangaroo drive organised by a number of gentle men in the Bundarra district gave them a couple of days' sport and the pursued rather more excitement than they oared about. The owner of the station, Mr. J. GK Baker, followed up this diversion with a picnic in honour of Miss Jessie's 12th birthday, that young lady wearing sky blue Bateen, with copious adornments of lace, hat and parasol to match, and looking therein Tery charming. Cricket and oroquet gave occupation to those invited. At the latter game were seen a tall merry maid, in blaok oashmere, over dress of pale grey Bilk and gipsy hat, whose brim shel, tered a cluster of cloth of gold roses, and a dark girl in oream sateen with crimson becomingly intro- duced were especially admired. In the evening a dance was given at "Hillsborough House," preceded ¡ by a substantial banquet in a large marquee. Loyal j toasts and congratulations to tho lady of 12 and her parents followed, and then dancing upon a floor like j glass to capital music wont on till daylight. Here amongst tho charming were a blonde in sky blue sateen lane and ribbons, a debutante in Bnowy white, and a lively lassie in white and mauve with white aster wreath. On the Tapis. A Bolioitor at Young, and a wealthy Melbourne j gentleman relative of a celebrated titled novelist each asked a oortain query of oertain young ladies, were happy in receiving Bindiar answers, and, the family erróle of .a late official assignée will be .in a few months diminished by two. j ,. Concert. . "j < j :i Miss Annis Roberts, a youthful Australian pianiste, is to give a ooncert in the Protestant Hall, on Monday, 12th inst., under distinguished patronage. ? Sprint? Millinery. Figure 1 shows one of the newesthats-white straw crown, blaok or navy blue brim, circled by gathered folds of velvet, and furnished with ostrioh tips. To tall large faoed women this is most becoming. Small figures and faces would be lost beneath its glories. No. 2 is another popular style lined with black velvot or dark Batin. The high crown is embellished usually with four bands of narrow velvet, front deoked with rosettes of some bright ribbon with lace. Spring Fashions. Zephyr cloths, so called from their light and cool texture, are largely used at present for making up into dainty toilettes. Grey-blue-pink and fawn oolours with embroidered bands for trimming most popular. Nun's veiling in all tho cool tints remain in favour, and summer beiges have their patrons. Chocks and plaids look very well in washing mate- rials when the toilottos aro carefully made up ; but ordinary dressmakers seem to find a difficulty in arranging tho design satisfactorily. In Buch a caso it is safer to let the skirt be of plaid and overdress of plain material. Fashionable hoad gear is Bhown in the illustration. Narrow bands of velvet adorn the crown ; such bands, by the way, aro extensively employed for trimming nun's veiling and beige dresses. And returning to hats and bonnets, strings for the latter are no longor wide, but consist of two or throe narrow longths, which are gathered in a knot under tho loft oar. Bachelors' Picnic. After a series of enjoyable dances in Neod's Rooms, the committee of tho Bachelors' Assembly finished up with a picnic to Tennyson, last Saturday, when the girls wore their largest hats and lightest dresses, and dancing in the pavilion to excellent muBio formed tho chief amusement. To Correspondents. A Borneo-A correspondent writes to say he can supply you with Bilk worms (it is too late in "the season for eggs) at 5s per 100. His name and address await you at this office. A Subscriber-Ono of the blapk satin dresses can be covered with crimson plush hearts ; and the wearer, with a tiara upon her head, may call herself " Queen of Hearts." The second, dotted with stars and spangles, will do for "Night." Alliara of stars, orescent moon in the centre, and floating blaok gauze veil, studded with stars on the head and wand in the hand. The third, with bands of scarlet crimson oap and croupier's rake, will suffice for Rouge et noir. Peterken (Patagonia)-January 19, 1868, fell on Sunday. (2.) Five feet three is the medium height for boys of 16. (3.) Materials for good hand; rather sohoolboyish and unformed as yet. t Mountain Daisy-Bride and bridegroom sit Bide by Bide. (2.) She and her bridesmaids wear tho wreaths and veils at table, but of ooùrse not over the face. (3.) Down the centre of table. (4.) At the corners, and disposed between other viands. . Sub Rosa (Willow Tree)-"Ahn's First Frenol Tutor" will serve for you to begin with. (2.) Bead' ing writing from dictation, arithmetic questions aa far as proportion and practice, grammar parsing and analysis, elementary portions of geography. Salaries range from ¿848 to JÈ140 per annum, accord ing to classification. (3.) Have you tried wearing old kid j, gloves at night P (4.) Writing fair, but spelling very defeotive. Am afraid you would not pass the orthographical test. Lover (Galargumbun)-Address each other by the Christian name. (2.) Dispense with the Mr. unless she intends"to oall him to acoount ; then it is more impressive than *' Tom." Amy-(I'.) Not this season. (2.) Nb j the effect would not be good. A plain material should be used for skirt, an I oheoked for the bodice and panniers. The flowered material will look nice over navy blue sateen. Beatrice1-Yours received. Thanks for future proffers. Blue Bose-(1.) Never met or heard of auoh a flower. (2.) Navy blue, prune, garnet, blaok with red, cream and cardinal. (3.) Carmen, Night, Rouge et Noir, Azuoena, and Stella (Tambour Major). (4.) Send your Ghost Story to the editor, who wÜl give you an opinion thereon. Rosebud (Spring Field)-Blaok and red, white and red, dark brown and creamy, navy blue. A Reader-Better not alter tho costume, but In troduoe sprays of orimson flowers about the Bkirt, a neoklet of the* same, and wreath for evening wear. (2.) Yea. (3.) Have seen the eyes touched up as you suggest, bat did not like the cffoot. GIPSYÍ « '> Communications for " Gipsy" may be addressed care bf Editor " T. and 0. Journal." Social items Especially welcome. t - 