Stciiliaiiotis. “ Nay, darling; nay my bonny girl, Set free each biossom-prisoncd curl, Lay those white clusters down; Let silken snood with raaidon grace Hold back the ringlets from thy face, But not that starry crown. “ Or let some simpler blossom twine Upon thy forehead, daughter mino, . Blush rose or lily, white ; Or let a simple stripg of pearls Gleam girlishly among thy curls, Upon this festive night. “ But take those waxen bloom3 away, Ah, darling 1 thoughts I cannot stay Spring in my wakened heart; Pass on, my sweetest, out of sight, Tako thou thy fill of young dolight, While I sit here apart." I hear her flutter down the stair, I hear the chariot wheels that bear From mo my peerless maid ; Now, wherefore should it wake to-night, That ghost of dead-and-gono delight I thought for ever laid ? The air is heavy with perfume, Out-breathed from that white mas3 of bloom My child laid gently down; Ah me I an old-time sprrow stirs 1 I see on curls as bright as hers A stephanotis crown. Across dark memory's time-worn track A vision of that face comes back That won my boyish heart; My wife, the mother of my ohild, What waves of sorrow wide and wild Have set us twain apart. Yet fleBh of flesh, and bone of bone, She was to me belovod alono Of all earth's womankind j She ruled me with supreme command; I put my honor in her hand, Love made me wholly blind. I kept her from the world apart, I wore her in my inmost hoart A pure and perfect pearl; Ah me I I doted over-muoh, I never thought that shame could touch The mother of my girl; Eve ’scaped not sin in Paradise, And shall her daughters be moro wise ? The tale is common now; Through flowery downward paths beguiled, The mother wandered from her child, The wife forgot her vow. Yet on that night of bitter woo She stayed to kiss her child, I know, For by the littlo bod I found a waxen-potalled flower, Torn, haply, in that parting hour, From her bright drooping head. Now if tho green grass waves above Her grave, or if that guilty love Still solaces her life, I know not, I may never know, Timo oannot bridgo tho floods that flow ’Twixt mo and my lost wife. Poace, peace, my heart; be calm, be strong, The child retrieves tho mother's wrong, Life holds new hopes for thee; The white flowers perish in the flame— So may the past with all its shame Die evermore for me 1 —ah tnc Year Hound, 