STANDARD POETRY. r?rhe Morning of Christ's Nativity. [.John 'Mwrox, - 1608-1GV4]. I. This is the month, and this the happy morn, Wherein the Son of Heaven's'Etelmal Sing, ' Of wedded Maid andYirgin Motherwort), Our great redemption from above did bring; For so the holy cages-once did sing, That he onr deadly forfeit should release, \- And with his'Fathcr work us a perpetual peace. -II. That glorious form, thaf light unsufferable, And that far-beaming blaze of majesty, Wherewith he-wont at- Heaven's high -cowicii table To sit the midst of Trinal Unity, He laid aside; aud, here with us to be, Forsook the courts of"everlasting day, Atid chose-with us a darksome house of mortal clay. IIL Say, Heavenly Muse, shall not* thy sacred" vein Afford a present to'-the Infarit-Grod? Hast thou no verse, no hymn, or solemn-strain, To welcome hitn to this his new abode, Now while the heaven, by the sun's team untrod, Hath took no print -of- the approaching light, And all the-spangled host keep -watch in' squad rons-bright? -IV. See, how from far," upon the "eastern road, The star-led wisards haste with odours sweet; Q run, prevent tin m with thjd humble ode, And lay it lowly at his blessed feet; - Have'-thou the honour-first thy Lord- to greet, And join thy voice unto the Angel quire, From out bis secret altar touch'd with liallow'd \--fire. THE IIYMN. 'L ' It was the winter wild, While the heaven-born child All meanly wrapt in the rude manger lies: Nature, in awe to him, Hod doff'd her gaudy trim, With her great Master so-to sympathize: ' It was no season then for her To wanton with the sun her lusty paramour. II Only whir speeches fair She woos the gentle air To hide her guilty front with innocent snow-: And 011 her naked shame, Pollute with sinfuTbL-mie, The saintly veil of maiden white to throw; Confounded, that her Maker's eyes Should look so near upon her foul deformities. III. But he, her fears to cease, • Sent down the meek-ev'd Peace; She, crown'd with olive green, came softly sliding I)own through the turning sphere, His ready harbinger, With turtle wing the amorous clouds dividing; And, waving wide her inyrlie vvand, She strikes an universaL pence "through sea and land. IV. No war, or battle's sound, 'Whs beard the world around : The idle spear and sh:eld-wereThigh up hung; The hooked chariot stood Unsiaiu'd with hostile blood ; The trumpet spake not to the armed throng; And kings sat still with awful eye, ■As if they surely knew their sovran-Lord was by. Hul peaceful was'the night, Wherein the Prince of light His reign of peace upon the earth began.: The winds with wonder whist, Sinn, t ily the waters kist, Vhispeting new joys to the mild ocean, Who now hath quite forgot to rave, While birds of calm sit brooding on the charmed wave. VI. The stars, witli deep amaze, : Stand fix'd in stedfast gaze, Pending one way their precious influence; And will not take their flight, For all the morning light, Or Lucifer that often warn'd them thence-; Put in their glimmering orbs did..glow, Until their Lord himself bespake, an'd-bid them g° VII. And, though the shady gloom Had given day her room, The sun himself withheld his wonted speed, And hid his head for shame, As bis inferior flame The new en lightened -world no more should need : Tie saw a greater sun appear Than his bright throne, or burning axletrec, could hear. VTTL The shepherds on the lawn, Or e'er the point of dawn, Sal simply chatting in a rustic row; Full little thought they then, Thai Ihe mighty Pan Was kindly come to livewith them below.; Perhaps their loves, or else their- slieep, Was all that did their silly thoughts so busy keep. IX. i' hen such musick sweet heir hearts and ears did greet As never was by mortal linger strook; T f • v i i :ely - wa rhled voice Answering the stringed noise, And all their souls in blissful rapture:took: The air. such pleasure loth to lose, \\\ ith thousand echoes still prolongs each'-heavea lv close. Xi-.ture that heard such sound, JB'-uealh the hollow round '"if Cynthia's seat, the aery region thrilling, >'< tv was almost "w on To think her part wag done, And that her reign had here its'last fuTSliing; '- he kiu-w such harmony alone O.uJd hold all Heaven and Berth in liagpier union. XI. \t last surrounds their sight A globe of circular light, That with long beams the -shunefae'd -night array'd ; The In-lined Cherubim, And sworded Seraphim Are seen in -glittc,..ig ranks with wings dis played, rping in loud and solemn quire, •A it h ut'e; sjressive notes, to Heaven's new-born Jleir. XII. Tieb musick (as 'tis said) i't tore was never made, lint when of old the sons of morning sung, \V i i i !'-■<: 1 ie ■ C rea tor .great ills constellations set, And the well-balanced world on liinges'hung; And e st the dark foundations deep, And b d the weltering waves their oozy channel keel. XML -Ting out, ye crystal spheres. Once blees our haman ears, if ye have power to toueli our-senses so j And let your silver chime Move in melodious time ; And 1.1 the bass of Heaven's deep organ blow; And, with your ninefold harmony, .Make up full consortto the.&ngelifck; symphony. XIV. For, if such holy song .Enwrap oirrTaucy long, . I Time will rollback, andfetch the age of gold; Ami speck c 1 Vanity A'ili siukeii coon and die, And'.l'ipfous Sili will melt from eartldy.-tnourld^ AeI Hell itsell' will pass away, A,.d leave her do'.orous mansions to the peering dav. XV. Tea, Truth and Justice then "Will down n tnr i to men, Orb'u in ■•..i.ibow; and, like glories wearing, ■Merry v. ill - t between, Th on'd in ceiestiai sbeeu, t'. iih radiant feet the tissued clouds down steering; Arid Heaven, as at some festival, TV ill open wide the gates of her high palace halL XVI. Hut wisest Fate says uo, This tiuut not yet, he so, 'V/- B&be;^yet lies in smiling infancy, That on the bitter cross Must redeem otir^losB ; So both hfmeelf and us to glorify : Yet'-first, to those yehain'd in sleep, The wakeful trump of doom must thunder through ' the deep; XVII. With such a horrid clang As on Mount Sinai rang, While the red fire and smouldering clouds out brake The aged efcrfcli aghast, With'terrour of thet blast, Shall from the surface to the center shake ; When at the world's last session, The dreadful judge in middle air shall spread his ■ throne. YVIII. And then at last our-hliss Full and perfect is, But now begins; for, from this Ireppy day, The-old-Dragon, under ground In straiter limits "bound, Not half so Gar easts his usurped sway ; And, wroth to see his kingdom fail, Swindges -the scafy horronr of his folded tail. XIX. Tiie oracles are dumb, No voiceof hideous hum •Buns through the arched roof in words decciv Apollofyrora his shrine Oan no more divine, "Willi hollow shriek the steep-of Delphos leav No nighily trance, or breathed spell. Inspires the paie-ey'd priest'frohi 'the prophetic •cell. XX. The lonely mountains o'er, And the resounding shore, A voice of weeping heard end loud lenient; From haunted spring and dale, Edg'd with poplar pale, The parting -Genius is with sighing sent; With :flower-in woven tresses torn The Nymphs in twiliglrt shade of tangled thiekets mourn. XXI. In consecrated earth, And on the holy-earth, The Lars and Leinuros moan with midnight plaint; In urns, and altars round, A dreerend dying sound Affrights tire Fiatncns at tlicir service quaint; And the eliill marble seems to sweat, While each .peculiar Power foregoes his wonted serif.. yxic. Peor and Baalim Forsake their temples dim, With that t wice-batter'd God of Palestine; Vnid-tnooned Aslitaroth ; -Heaven's queen anti-mother both, Now sits not girt with tapers' holy shrine; The Libyck Hammon shrinks his horn, In fain rhe Tyrian maids their wounded Tbatn muz mourn. XXIII. 'And sullen Moloch, fled, Hath left in shadows-dread His burning idol all of blaokost hue; In vi i i with cymbals' ring They i-all the grisly-king, >I-n dismal dance -about the furnace blue: The'bruiish Gods of Nile as fast., Isis, and Orus, and the dog Anubis, haste. XXIV. Nor is Osiris seen In Menipliian grove or green, Trampling the unshower'd grass with lowings loud : Nor can lie be at -vest Within his secret chest; Nought but profoundest hell can he his shroud; In vain with timbrell'd anthems dark The sablc-stoled sorcere e hear bis worsliipt ark. XXV. He feels -from iTuda'-s land Tbe dreaded Infant's hand, The rays of Bethlehem '-blind -his dusky cyn; Nor all the gods beside Longer dare abide, Not Typhon huge ending in snaky twine; Our Babe, to show bis Godhead true, Can in his swaddling bands controul the damned crew. XXVI. So,'wlien the sun in -hetl, Curlain'd -with cloudy red, Pillows his chin upon an orient wave, The flocking shadows pale Troop to the infernal jail, Each fetter'd ghost slips t o Ilk several grave; And the yellow-skirted IFayes 'Fly after the -night-steeds, leaving their moon loved maze. XXVIL But see, the Virgin blest Halh laid her Babe to rest; Time is, eur tedious song shoriid -here have ending"; Heaven's youngest-teemed-star H*«th fixed her polish'd car Her sleeping Lord with handmaid lamp attend ing: And all about the courtly stable Brighl-baroess'd. Angels sit in order serviceable. 