HOLLY AND MISTLET0;. Mr. E. D. Marqunnd delivered himself as follows on Holly and Mistletoo — holly as necessary to Christmas as plum pudding, and mistletoo nsed ia "justification of certain mysterious rites and ceremonies of untold antiquity." (Laughter.) The name " holly " seems intimately connected with " holy," and tho tree is said to symbolise resurrection, or perhaps more correctly, from its evergreen- ness, immortality. Its use iu the decoration of churches, although of great antiquity, would seem to be of pagan origin, and is by some thus explained :— Tho Romans dedicated tho holly to Saturn and used it largely in tho decorations for his festival, which was held about Christmas tide. The early Christians worshipping in secret, and in fear and trembl ing, decked their water with holly in order to ' avoid detection and punishment. In Argylo- shire there is a prophecy that when a par ticular holly tree near Invorary ceases to exist, and when certain other things come to pass (some of whieli have already come to pass), "then shall all tho Argyle Campbells be destroyed, excepting so I many as shall escape upon a- crooked ' aud lame white horse." And it is stated j on trustworthy authority that some yoars ago the roots of the particular j tree were exposed nnd loosened by tho ; tide, and it was in danger of falling, but tho grandfather of the present Duke of : Argyle insisted on an awkward bend ' being mado in the line of public road to ' avoid tho necessity of cutting it down. ' Near Dalston, in Northumberland, there is a thick holly bush consisting of several tree. close together, and it is said to have served as a post office for the passage of letters between the rebels and their friends during the troubled time of 1715 and 1745. In ancient times branches of holly wero fastened to houses to defend them from lightning and as a protection against the witchcraft. As to the mistletoe, Mr, Marquand said, al though commonly supposed to be dependent up on the oak, it is rarely found upon that tree, hut more generally by far "upon tho applo. It was held very sacred by the ancient Britons, who gathered it with solemn cere monies, cutting it with golden sickles, and never allowing it to touch or fall to the ground. The priests distributed pieces of it among the people as chirms against diseases and witchcraft. Tradition says that somehow Devonshire incurred tho anger of the 1 Druids, who cursed it and forbade tho ' mlstiotoa ever to grow there. Whether Com- wail was included In thia terrible anathoma ho i could not say, but certainly miatletoo is not ! native of that country, although it has been ' planted and is, he believed, now growing 1 within a very few miles of Penzance. The ' etymology of the word is uncertain, hut the ' most likoly derivation is from an Anglo- Saxon word signifying "different twl» or branch " from the parasitism of the plant. Tho lerrendarv lore connsrl.il win. is varied and extensive, tho earliest notice of tho plant being found in tho Prose Jidda, tho sacred book of tho religion of Odin and Thor the legend being that "of the death of Baldur who was killod by a dart mado of mistle- toe. A remnant of this legend is still extant In North Germany to thia very dav, where it is believed that a man provided with a piece of mistletoe can never be wounded, whilst his own weapons cannot fail to lako effect. In Hoistoin it ia believed that anyone holding a piece of mistletoe in his hand will havo the power of seeing spectres— a very healthy and invigorating sort of second sight. (Laughter.) There is, continued Mr. Marqaand, one pleasing custom, which although of un- known antiquity, still remains in active operation and unabated vigor. It shows no signs of waning, nor is It desirable that it should, for it is a great and important factor in ail Christmas festivities. The orh'in of the custom is veiled in ohsenrity, hut a sprig of mistletoe justifies tho performance of a cere mony, the description of whieli must on this occasion bo dispensed with. Doubtless it is a rello of heathendom, but doubtless it is also one which the world "will not willingly lot die." (Laughter.) After noticing that mistletoe ia the only evergreen tho use of which is forbidden In .church de coration, Mr, Marquand concluded, "Wo think to ourselves how Btnngo It must bo in Australia to hare gardon parties' anil picnics at Christmas under a broiling sun. Whatever amount of enjoyment there must bo. it hardly realises our idea of a merry Christmas time. After all give us Old England with its frost and snow, or, If wo cannot get that, oven with its rain alii slush— for we can draw close to the , tire and tell ghost atorio3 to tho rising genera tion, whilst above the whistling of tho storm comes a strange sound of shuffling feet, and then wo suddenly remember that a big bunch or mistletoe is hanging iu Wie ball. — Cornish Telegraph. 