I THE POMEEROY DRAMATIC COMPACT. ' HAMLET.' The Mechanics' Institute was crowded to excess long before the curtain rose last evening, the occasion being the production of Sliakespeai,:s masterpiece, ''Hamlet,' with Miss Poineroy as the Prince of Denmark. The cast of the piece was a veiy strong one, and despite the veiy limited -stags it went excellentlv well throughout. The general effect of this fine tragedy was greatly enhanced by the richness of the drosses, some of which were veiy effective. The cos tume of Miss Pomeroy was in itself a study, and this, combined with her: splendid declamatory power and fine : physique, enabled her to look the character, as well as to exact it. Miss ?Poineroy gained a triumphant success last ! evening in her very difficult role. In the scene with Ophelia, as well as Hamlet's famous soliloquy, and again in the duel ling scene, Miss Pomeroy fairly astounded her audience. Since the days of Brooke and Stark no Hamlet has ever equalled ?Miss ? Pomeroy'a in Tasmania. As Ophelia Miss Branton played her part in a queenly manner, though a little , stagey at times. Mr Arthur Elliott, in the dual character of Laertes and First Player, wasf excellent. His elocution was perfect, and he studied his character, the performance of - which enraptured his audience. -As the Ghost Mr F. C. Appleton played with caution, yet with power, and was very impressive and duly solemn. Mr W. Charles Hall, as Claudius, was also veiy good, -and the same must be said of Mr Joyce in -his fine part ofPolonious. Mr Harry' Leston, as Rosencrantz, and the First Gravedigger, was immensely successful, especially in the latter part, his sepulchral voice adding materially to his true acting. . Mr Kennedy, as the Second Gravedigger, is also worthy of r)raiBe, and the same must; be said of Mr Gerald^ Horatio. Miss Florrie Lewis, as the Actress, played her part faithfully and with good effect, while as the Queen of Denmark, Miss Blanche Lewis must be credited with a successful pourtrayal of her role. The minor parts of the piece were ably filled by members of the Com pany in a manner which reflected credit on all of them, if we except a little devia tion and knowledge of the parts allotted them. Hamlet will ba repeated again this evening. 