11EL10I0 US SERVICES. CllAt.MKHs' Church,—Divine servico was con ducted in this church by tho Rev. T. K. Ick yes terday. lti tho evening tho reverend gentleman delivered the !)th lecture of Ilia series on important cities of tho bible, selecting for his subject "Athens, or Christianity's conflict with ancient philosophy." A largo congregation was present, and tho lecturo proved of an intoroting and in structive character. Tho text upon which tho reverend lecturer based his remarks was Acts, 17th chapter, verso LStli. Tho revorend guntloman commenced by remarking that although Athens did not como largely or prominently under notice in reading of tho operations of God's sorvants, yet tho position which it occupied in the ancient world and tho striking character of the conllict botwoen early Christianity and heathen philosophy, as depicted in the 17th chapter of tho Acts of the Apostles, entitled it to the earnest consideration of tho biblical student. Tho Apostlo being driven by persecution from Thessalonica took refuge in Athens, and it was during his stay there that ho delivered tho eloquent address which was under consideration. Oil his ariival ill this famous city, tho eyo of Creeco, and tho pride of the ancient world, ho became strongly impressed by tho superstition prevailing, as evidenced by the countless temples, .statues, ami altars erected to tho various deities whom tho Athenians held in reverence. Whether or not ho had previously intended to preach the gospel in Athens is not known, nor is it decided whether ho was not obliged in defence of his person to deliver the famous oration 011 Mars llill. In passing along the great way loading from tho Piraeus to the city, his eyo would bo met continually by temples and statues of the Athenian gods, and on the aropagus where ho delivered his address stood the temple of Mars, and n large statue of '• Athene," the goddess of wisdom, |holding a glittering spoar which was visible at a great dis tance at sea. The two ehiof sects with whom tho aposllo came into contact were tho Epicureans and Stoics. Tho former, who corresponded to tho materialists or atheists of the present day, lived only for the present life, and endeavored to ex tract as much enjoyment as possible out of their present existence. The Stoics protended to an in ititForenec in regard to pain and pleasuro in life, and worshipped person, and wero in fact tho pantheists of to-day. Paul's address was at once clever and eloquent, and calculated to impress itself strongly on tho minds of his hearers, and it must be remembered that lie was woll qualified by education and training to deliver tho tidings of Christianity to the learned men of Athens. Ho did not set forth a now god. Such a claim put forward by any man in Athens at the time was punishable with death. While passing through the Agora ho had amongst many othors noticed an altar dedicated to thy "Unknown Clod," and taking advantage of this circumstance he preached to tho sages of Athens, Christ and tho resurrection. To any candid observor it was apparent that Paul had throughout tho best of tho case, but he felt it was absolutely necessary to preach the resurrection, but what he could not forbear to mention, his hearers could not listen to. Tho Epicureans treated him and his doctrines with scorn and con tempt. Tho Stoics said, "We will hear thoo again of this matter." There woro a faw who becamo converts to tho now religion, but the majority wero unconvinced, and tho ultimate work of tho church accomplished in tlmt city is unknown. But tho very spirit of tho Stoics and lipicnrians against which tho apostles had to contend was rife at tho present day, and it was against thoso who preferred darkness to light that Christians were to strive and preach with earnestness Christ and Him crucified. Some men who woro per mitted to occupy Christian pulpits endeavored to evade and hold back the doctrino of the resur rection, but it was a vital clement of tho Christian faith, and Christians should ever boar in mind the words of the apostle, "If Christ bo not risen, then is wir preaching vaiu, and your faith is also vain." St. Anuhkw's Church.—.Last evening JUr. Nisli delivered tho first of a series of lectures on " The Divinity of Christ." Ho selected as his toxt Matthew, 10th chapter, 13th verse; tho words: " Whom do men say that I, tlio Son of Man, am?" The remarks of tho lecturer woro chiefly confined to showing tho human side of Christ's life; that lie was in reality what lie claimed to bo—" the Son nf Man," an expression which to Jewish oars meant the " Messiah"; that ho was subject to tho same temptations—to feelings of hunger and thirst, feelings of [lain, joy, ;'.ml love as other men; that He had strong social sympathies, enjoying tlio company of His friends, and eating and drinking with thorn at their social gatherings, and at their private houses. That He was really flesh of nnr flesh, and bene of our bone, is ovidonced by His being sub ject to f.'itigno like other men, and requiring rest, and by the fact that Ho could be felt and handled; and when His body was wounded and bruised and cut, the injuries presented the same appearances, and were attended with tho same results as in othor human bodies. In the next division of his dis course, Dr. Nish considered the question, " Whom do men in our day say He was and is?" He said there were three classes of modern thinkers, the first holding that Christ was a moro man, or that while subject to all the laws of nature, in His moral excellence He might bo con sidered a divino man. The second class aclcnow leged that He ovis ted before His human birth, that God through Him created tho world, and as such creation therefore should bo worshipped, but that He was not to bo acknowledged as God. The third class, which includod all tho Christian churches, acknowledged both His luniian and ilivino character, that Ho was not only a real human being, having a human body and son], but that lie was also the only begotten Son of God, and equal with God. 3Jr. Sish intimated that his next lecture would deal moro particularly with the divine side of Christ's character. Congregational Chukoh.—The Rev. S. I. Green otliciated yesterday, it being the 25th anniversary of the church. In the morning there w.m a largo attendance. The rev. gentleman took his text from Acts, 1st chapter, 8th verse, " But ye shall receive power, after that tho Holy Ghost -.a come upon you,and yo shall bo witnesses unto me, both in Jerusalem and in n.11 .Tudea, and in Samaria, and unto tho uttermost parts of tho earth." The preaehor said that these woro tho last words spokeu by Joans Christ to His disciples, and tho latter had evidently taken a groat hold of llioin, and were nover tired of repeating thorn. What Christ moant by those words was that the disciples should bear witness of this Gospel, and by so doing call the Attention of men to God, His truth and King dom. Many Christians made a mistake by bearing witness to tho preachers under whom they sat, and the denominations to which they balongod. Jesus Christ had said that " Ye chajl bo witnesses unto me." Ho had heard children speaking of the high qualities of tlieir earthly jfi rents ; and if they did not wear their mantles awi follow in their footsteps, they would bo a Tmrdtti and a disgrace. The best testimony children conld bear, the highest gratitude they could confar on their earthly parents would be by reproducing them in their daily livos. This was also tho best way in which they could bear testi mony of Christ. The preacher then referred to tito man who had been born blind; but whose ■sight Christ Tiad restored. How—when he was brought before the Sanhedrin and questioned—in spite of all remonstrances to mako him testify otherwise, lie bore witness of his being healed by Christ. Tins is the work which Christ wanted )is to do. Jesus Christ is not a hard task mastor, mid ho did not send us to work without providing the necessary material. Christ has said, " Yo shall receive power from on high; ye shall bo baptised with the Holy Ghost." Peter, timid •John, tiuiid James, had gono forth on tho great mission to which Christ had called them. The rev. gentleman finished an able discourso by asking them to givo praise to God on this their 25th ■anniversary; and in his strength to walk uprightly, and bear testimony of Christ in a right royal ihsnner in their every day life. In the evening the iaivio preacher discoursed, basing his remarks •on the 1st Chronicles, 20th chapter, Stli verse. 'Che anniversary will be further celebrated by a 4ea and public meeting on Wednesday evening. 