iBIGHBS THE BttfWSU JlTOOTBSSION. My name is Buskers— Humphrey Bidon, of Whahgdale Scar. I am organ-blower at St. Simoh, of "Whangdalfi ; I have been bkiwmrman wad boy -for eixty-ftree yeaze come neit Christmas Day.; I am still blow- iog. I shall blow on tDl ' pegged out-' The Beverend Sextos Tye was vioar of my toureh a good many yrars. . I mind him, a ytrangtsh man when be first oame, a little wisp of a man, wiry and washed out, an old" fashioned land of fellow, as perky as a pea cock, as absent-minded as an owl/arid with as much blood in him as in a full-sized frog. I can't ray I took to him first — I am not quite oertain that I ever took to him, and I know he never took to me. I think he was always a bit eonoeited, too, aud i can't bear conceited people. When Mr. Tyke was elose on fifty years of age, and was getting mora absent-minded, but more generally interfering than ordinary, he took it into his head to marry Mary Purkis, daughter of Porkis the solicitor at Taxby. She was thirty years younger than he, if toe was a day. Everybody said at Wh&ngdale; Scar that it would not turn out a happy match. She was very pretty when she came, and very full of fan, always laughing and showing every tooth in her head, and raze hHe teeth she had. I must say I liked Mrs. Y?yke. I ha vent liked many people in my time, but I got to like her a good deal — not all at once, but by degrees as it might be, and as toa got to -understand me, and to see that I was cot exactly like the zert of the Whaagdslfi Scarlet, but waa bit above my station. 1 wonder, Bickers, you did cot go to London when you were a young man,' toe said once to me; -'you might have got on well. In toe world with your general know ledge/ I had teen mentioning one or two Utile matters connected wito the toureh which I thought might be altered with advantage. Yes, ma'am ; that's true enough, mayhap. Bnt I never cared to turn my back on Whacgdale Scar/ Well, that's very kind of yoa, Humphrey/ toe said, smiling. 'And we should have missed your blowing very much/ I blow with expression— though I say it myself — I think, Mrs. Tyke, T blow wito expression.' 4 £ woold not have any one else blow for me except you, Bickers. X couldn't trust them/ You are very good to say so/ 'And if you can spare me an hour now— ' To be sure, ma'am— to be sure.' Then away we would go to toe organ-loft — though this was not my regular business er what I was paid for/ and though I might have made up my mind beforehand to do a little gardening that day — and Mrs. Tyke would play away for hours. Not that Mrs. Tyke had anything to do with toe organ at the Sunday services, or at any services, but ;it was always necessary for Mrs. Tyke to be prepared for what might happen to the regular man engaged. I can't ray that toe ever completely mastered toe instrument or that toe hymns did not wobble a good deal, but she was fond of thfiorgan,&ndI; helped her all I could. What I did, I did into my heart m it— never once in all my life did 3EIet toe wind out and leave the organist in Ihs lurch, male or female, or whoever it might be prestding at the inrtruzosnt. . \- wen, organises wens ana oame prewy regularly, nobody stopping long, and Mrs. Tyke kept up her practice, and was pretty Well prepared, and I kept blowing calmly. Mrs. Tyfce by degrees became the motinr of three pretty children, two girls and a boy, and the boy thai tiresome ! And when toa was about eight-a&d-tweuty; years of age or so, you would have thought that she wasn't two months older than when she married old Tyke, so young and pretty did she keep. And her husband, the vicar, whom we ah called ' Old Tyke,' was looking remarkably aged ; never did a man's hair get so quickly grey, and turn from grey to white as Iris did, and as for the lines about his poor thin fare, I should ray he had a thousand of them. And he grew uncommonly absent too, and as for listening to a single word while yon were talking to him, or while I might be talking to him on business even, it was not in him to attend to yoa. They were a happy couple, at least we all thought to and I don't think ' we could be for out in our calculations, they living right among is all, and Mrs. Jodsan and myself having often a talk together at tea-time about them both. ' You'll take a cup of tea before you go/ Mrs. Tyke would always ray, when I was bringing round the keys of the church ; 'you'll find Mrs. Jcdson down stairs/ And it was this taking tea with Mrs. Jods on, and Gr&vett;, the parlour maid, too, and Susan Chapman, general help, which wounded Mrs. Bickers'e feelings, and made her acrimonious, although glad enough to hear the news from Tyke's, if there was any news to bring. ' They're as happy as two tattle doves in a cage' — Mrs. Jodson always railed item ' textiles'— ' I have never known master put out of temper ever so Utile a bit.' 'He's very cool and calm always,' I replied. And she's that fond of him, Mr. Bickere.' . 'Yes, it's wonderful, that/ 'Why's it wonderful V toe asked, quite snappishly. I don't see, candidly and privately speak ing; 16s. Jodson, what there is to be so fond of/ I explained, He's a good man, as in duty bound, being the vicar of Whangdsfo j Scar ; text, as be never rays a word out of his ! pulpit (and all he says in it isn't up to much, j except to make you sleepy), where does he j get his love from ?' j Ah1 you nevtr Uked Mr. Tyke,' said Mrs. ! Jodson, with a sigh. He's an angel/ \ 1 So's Mrs. Tyke/ I answered. ! Wdl, if two angels can't ait down and ! agree together without tearing each other's eyee out, who can?' So we did not oome to any words about it, j though there was a want of sympathy in Mr! ' T-yke toward me that was not like an angel's! t and I couldn't bear it. Mrs. Bickers hit the 1 right nail on the head one day when Mm said he wanted rousing, and toat was juat It. But what was to rouse a man with plenty of xnoney and a nioe wife, and everybody else thinking he was everybody at Whangdale ram? into toe village. Iw«so<mref2 - anytiste, far one, and m were a good aLe mote. The choir, of 0oarse,ww roused t£ gora ite nothing), and two of toe . dreadfully opjiish pe)le, basaM_w$a4ll told him to mind his own business, an B( tefl them ihat toey were raging fiat. forth# knew bitter. They were as flat at ever the? could be, hut my opinion was not although I had as much to do withtfe musical portion of toe service as any Jack of them, goodness knows. Alfred Msrson was toe new organist, and tost is why br and toe choir came in colUrioa wito each other. He had answered the advertisement In the Taxby Standard, had oome from London In hot haste, as though £40 a year was a consideration' him and Whangdale Scar a place to live and die in. Certainly to die in, if one could not get used to hills and vslieya. a liberal Ripply of rain water, and a population just ever 309 souls or thereabouts at toat time. It was soon settled between Alfred M&r;&on; and the viear, and Mr. Marson went to lodga ! at Eggieton's, the millerfe. There I v&g; introduced to him ; a nice, long-legged, high, shouldered, fine, free-apd-saay, sharp-nosed, sharp -chinned man he was, with a skin the colour of a lemon and a mouEtache long enough to make you eiek. ' Oh, you're the blower, are you V he said to me, in a way I did not like. ' Aren't yon too cfld to Be pottering over a bellows now?' 'No, sir, I am not too old/ I answered, derisively. I should have thought yoa were/ he added. 'But yoa do live to unaccountable ages in tins part of toe world. Why, you don't give the young ones a chance to step into yonr shore/ he added, laughing at me. There's nobody waiting to step into my shoes/ I said, not moving a muscle 0! mj face. I was not going to laugh at any of his jokes— if they were jokes, or if there had been anything that I could see to laugh si, which there wasn't. 'Lucky old man I And so living on without the nasty feeling of somaone waiting round toe corner for you, eh, Biekers V ' fa there anybody waiting round the corner for you ?' I asked. « Oh, no/ he said. « Tm a ne'er-do-well, and my living or dying will not m&ke; any difference to toe crowd outside. I am waiting —that Is, If I am doing anything, which I shouldn't like to swear I am.' You have come to play the organ, haven't you? ' To be sore. And now toddle awsv, old Shaky-legs, and open toe loft for me m come round to the nhniyftt in five minutes' time.' ' Yery good.' I went away at toe rode fellow's suggetoos, and I heard him say to GUra Egsleton, ihe miller's daughter, who had stood listening and simpering and making herself silly : That's a crab-apple kind of old cuss, isn't he?' ' He's not ae nice an old man as he might be,' the minx said back, too. 4 He doesn't mind his own business, and he think the church belongs to him/ In five minutes' time, Alfred Marson'? Ipsg legs brought Mm into the oxgan-loft, and Mr. Tyke earns up into the gallery to exchange a few words with him, as he had seen hirapaa from toe vicarage windows half a minute ago. Mr. Marson stood with his hands is his poekets looking very critically at the organ. 'It's an old one, rare old one/ he said. And a wary fine one, Mr. Marson : tks best in the whole country,' raid Mr. Tyke. 1 You'll find an account of the organ in — 1 'Yes, I dare say I shall/ he said, tiiiiig down before it. 'Now, Bickers, look alive, toere'su good man. We don't want you at toiswide of toe instrument, at any rate' I went round to my post, not hurrying myself, you may be pretty certain, after such a remark as that, and presently be played. And I may as well ray at once, to show flirt my prejudice against the individual did not warp my judgment against the player, that I had never heard each music from that organ, or believed that it was in it. He played like one horn to it, and the notes swelled forth and went rolling along the great groined roof and bozsicg through the aisles in a fine, grand fashion — thanks to me, a littie perhaps, for I never blew better ia my. life- I had to show Mm that 4 the old case' was op to the mark, at any rate. He was not fond of society, unless it was his own. He was fond of long walks, of scaling the big hills, of fishing in tee deep streams which ran through the valley, aoa whether walking, climbing, or fishing he appeared to te always in hot haste. Tf ere was a want of repose about bim which tried me sorely, and as he had taken a strong fancy to organ practice, when the winter time came on he almost worried me into an early grave by ordering me at ail times and seasons to be ready for him, Sometimes he would be at the church before me, and then he would show his temper, bring a bad- tempered young man, and use such language as would set my hairs bolt upright an my head with horror, and as only half a crown would mollify. Here, he would say, I didn't mexn te swear at you, but you are an aggravating old idiot, you know/ And then toe money would follow, and we got on together pretty amicably for the remainder of thcliay. He played brat , at -these -practice times,,1 think, though Suod&y; he showed off -bit, particularly before toe sermon, with hia flourishes and variations, -until Mr. Ty6 would forget that he was waiting to preach, and go off in the pulpit into one of hfe thoughtful fits, which would last long afU-r Mr. Marson had fmiwhad; and the cougreg tion were all np at him and wondering when he would begin, and Mr. Tyke signalling to her land and husband with bf fon, and trying to catch his eye. „ , It began to be whispered about Whang«te Scar, where we were pretty quick at whisper- teg, that Alfred Marson was going to many CUr Eggleton. When it got to Alfred Marson 's ears tbt c had set flown Clara Eggleton as his he aid not lau. and blush ; he scowled hte ademon. and said he would pull fee note J®8 jackanapes who mixed bis nam? wife here, and that it wa« an infernal rfaayone, rtmour ftbout. f. v.._ ->:-' v.,V-l 1 It isn't to to the g«l, Biok«rB,5 lis faidi to woi after A €r® deal ofcr ss questioning, 1 fts if I had .had a great deal to do jw& j it and he was tbitohs/tor.hnilqfc/ piitl 0boold I want- with a trife/ a; pwdess, -devil- niay-oare follow, with £40 .a year ds organist 1 foHveupon?' ; I : «lg that all tliamoneyyou'veget?' II asked dubiously. V I 1 Why, confound you---/ Then he j stopped and glared down upon inc. /Yes — j it is all/ he added. . - j Well, it ain't much. But doesn't Clara I go a bit of dressmaking at tithes, and . that would help with ' / If I didn't think yon would fall to hits, Bickers, I would shake the infernal nonsense out of you I' cried the organist; 'I'm net going to marry Clara Eggleton; I'm not going to. marry anybody; I'm much more likely to pitch myself into her father's mill-stream than I am to ask her father's consent to marry such a- — such a girl as she is/ he added, after a pause. 1 What's the matter with her ?' 'Nothing ; she's a good girl, and a clever girl, hut she wouldn't do for my wife, Bickers — oh, no 1 4 Do you mind my telling her that ?' leu net >vuat yuu tutc— »a you wouia ao l without my permission, I don't doubt,' he | cried paBBionately ; 4 but if you take my I advice you'll give that prating tongue of yours a rest. | 'I never talk of what doesn't concern me.' | 4 Oh, shot up !' and away stalked Alfred | Marson in a tremendous rage, one hand in | his pocket and the other tagging away at his | moustache, a habit he had when much | excited. | I did not know what to think after this ; nobody knew what to think. Joe Eggleton, I a passionate old man, did not know what to thiuk either, but told me it was all my fault that the' talk had got about, and for two pins he would give me a good thrashing. I should have liked to see him do it. I think he would have met with his match if he had laid one of his gonty fingers upon me. But he vt as more violent in his language than Marson, ana i am sure poor uiara came in for her fair share of it. It was in the winter time, when we had almost got used to the idea that they two were going to be married, and were only anxious to keep quiet over it, that the truth oozed out. It oozed out in my direction, too, which was singular. I was waiting for Mr. Marson at the church gates. He had told me he should do an early practice, and as he had made such a tremendous fuss about my being five minutes late last week, I was before my time. I had lighted up the organ-loft with two candles ; j I had lighted another in the church; I had lighted a fourth at the side of the organ I where I did my blowing, and then I had gone I to the church doors in the darkness and the cold to see if there was any sign of him. I remember all this as well as possible. I remember looking up at the sky, where the stars were Btill shining, and wondering if it oould be really six o'clock, and why he could I not have practised at seven, or eight, or nine, | Considering he had all the day before him, and I nothing todo from morning to night at Whang- 1 dale Soar. I remember, too, that I got tired | and cold standing at the church door, and | crept at last shivering into the nearest pew, | in a corner of which I curled myself, and went to Sleep. And I remember this more I plainly and more clearly than anything else, I that when I opened my eyes again, whloh I j did with a start some minutes afterward, j there were voices very close to me, and the j darkness was stilt thick about the church and iu the open air beyond St Simon's doors. ' I don't know where he is. In the organ loft, most likely,' I heard Alfred Marson say. 1 But are you sure of this?' 1 One can't, be sure of anything with old Bickers. Qe ought to have been abut up in an asylum long ago.' | 4 Don't say that,' she said, 4 fori-—. Hark 1' I There was a long pause, and certainly a voice in the organ-loft upstairs, as of some one moving or stumbling over something. i 4 There he is at his post,' said Marson, 4 like a true blower.' I 4 1 will leave you now. I. ought not to have eame. Oh. what is the nse of mv : coming to speak to you, of my making exouees to study, practise, see the children, anything, so that I may deceive his honesty j and abase his faith ! Oh! my God 1' wailed forth a woman's voice I knew so well, and | there was such, a terrible earnestness in it too; 'what is the nse— what is the use of it?' 4 It's charity, Mary— is it not charity to 1 me?' 1 4 No, duplicity to him.' 'It is kindness to a man deceived,' he answered, gloomily — 4 to the man who built his trust in you, who looked forward to you, whom you said you loved with all your heart,' 'Don't reproach me, Alf — I can bear any thing but your reproaches.' ' Do you deserve them ?' - 4 Ah, yes, perhaps I do. But they told me you had gone abroad, then that you were _ in London and very wild and reckless, keeping bad company.' 4 That's true. I was driven wild,' he inter rupted — 4 driven mad !' 4 They said you had never really cared for me. And then I married.' - 4 And jilted the poor music master for the vicar of Whangdale Scar. Ah, well, it s an eld story. But I am here again ; you oannot send me away without telling your husband the reason.' 4 You must go,' she entreated. 4 With you, perhaps ; otherwise I shall die. Yes, by God !' he added fiercely, 4 1 shall die here else.' 4 Alf, Alf, you frighten me. 4 You cannot console me by a few words on the sly, like this, a few words of pity, of sorrow for your own duplicity, or by talking of the time that will heal my woundB and teach me to forget you. I say I love you — I Bay 4 1 will hear no more — spare me ! There was the rustle of a dress by me, and all waB Vfry silent and still for an instant and then came deep breathing, short and quick, of the man left standing within a hair's breadth of me. 8he had run away, and he made no. effort to stop her. What a story this was M Si Mnan'..-V<TOiknglat I j j ® 1 t0i tVmk Otti--tb dwell to myself" 0BljV with 6 heftP ol:tiaia all Suddenly heijrought ' my heart into my j mouth by Wling 4 JBickera !>t |he fop of his ungs. If he had fired off /a' cannon in my I be could npk xhdyfe startled me more; fx? a"hoogh 1 eliS off tW cushioned seat to j the floor of fcheew, ! did not' answer him He probably would 4ave killed me to preserve his secret. ; i ..kkers, you fool, where are you?' he c&llea-ont; again ; then he -went striding up the aisle without waiting for ihy reply, and 1 1 stole out of my paw after him. I was in the gallery as soon as he had passed into the organ loft, and when he.oalled a Ihird time, 1 1 replied; . .. 4 Is that you, sir ? Late, sir, ain't you?' 4 Where have you been?' 4 1 fell asleep waiting for you in the pew. It's very cold this morning, 4 Yes, too cold to play, he answered. 4 Shut up the place again. I shall not practise till the afternoon.' 4 Very well.' | . Then away he -stole at a great pace oat of I the churoh, and I thought what a trouble I had had for nothing, until I bore in mind what a deal I had learned, and thoughLwhat a pity it all was. I was very sorry —no one ever guessed how really and truly sorry I was. It had struck me I had grown a little too old to care for anything or J anybody very much, -and that I took all trouble, especially ether people's trouble, j with a wonderful amount of coolness. What happened or what was happening about me had grown easy work to listen to, | but tbis was so much out of the common, | and so little guessed at until now, that for | days I was all of a shake, not. knowing what to do, and yet pretty sure that I ought to be doing something. Yes, to me it was a pity, and an awful pity. The vicar's wife was so nice and kind and gentle and good a woman, and this man was such a scamp ! I couldn't think of any word more suitable for him, and I wa ? so sure and certain he was nothing better. j What if he had been in love with her, j ever so much in love, when she was a lawyer's daughter down in Taxby ? That wax all | over now, and a blessed good job it was he had never married her. I did hot know what to do, but I had made up my mind to stop it somehow. I thought at last I would tell Sextos Tyke. I was sure it would rouse him, and he wanted rousing, everybody said. He had ambled on so dreamily all his life, trusting everybody and taking it f r granted that he was being trusted in return, and he might as well have had a torpedo in his organ loft on Sundays j as Alfred Marson. | I Marson was an impostor— he had come to ! I Whangdale Scar to play the fool with Mrs. j Tyke, or make a fool of her, if it lay in his | power. This was his scheme— his revenge — I RTir) ft dIaa. miflAriiUfl. oM.fAflhlon. ierrihlfl revenge ft would be, unless I put the vicar on I his guard, as sorely in duty bound it was my place to do. And yet what would come of it I to her? I thought, as I waited for the vicar one day in the churchyard, and fancied I should catch him there in time. Was I quite wise in telling each a cool blooded customer as he was ? Would he even listen ? Supposing they were to laugh at me— his wife and Alfred Marson — ana say my brain had turned, might he not believe them, and , look me in a mad-house? One or two in Whangdale Soar had told me to my very face that I was 4 balmy/ just because my opinions had not agreed with theirs, and here might be a proof of it. I I had to think it out again even on a tomb- | stone ; and I was thinking hard, too, when Mrs. Tyke crossed the churchyard, coming from the valley side, and leading her eldest ; girl by the hand. She was very pale ; I thought I had never seen her looking so white and ill as that. 4 Goodmorning, Bickers,' she said in her old cheerful accents, though ; 4 taking advantage, I see, of the little sunshine we get in Whang dale now/ 4 Yes, ma'am/ 1 said, touching my hat re- |epectf ally, as usual. I 4 Atg von well? Pretty well, ma'am— pretty well in body, | that is.' | Not in mind, then?' she asked quickly, 1 and looking at me very hard ; 4 Ah ! that's the worst of 8ll, is it not? What oan I do j to help you, Bickers ?' j 4 I've been a- wondering if you would help me,' I muttered. 4 Why, of course I would.' j 4 Grxtyon would say I had -no right to j I interfere, tfast-itain't no business of mine, I and will only i jeime Into trouble.' | Sbe had stopped; and was now regarding me earnestly, perhaps already with a faint I suspicion that I had, in some way or other, I got an inkling of what was going on— going on, poor young wife, inHer troubled, aching, j tortured little heart. 4 You will have to tell me more before I | can advise,' she answered very slowly. I I 4 1 can't tell you now, Mrs. Tyke,' I said. I j 4 Why not ?' j j I did not answer all at once. I took a | long breath and then I- looked at the child, j 1 4 How she grows! doesn't she?' I said; 1 4 what a help a child must be to a mother, to | give her strength like, to be a comfort always, when things are wrong at home or one's not quite satisfied. I often thing Mrs. ittcsers and I would have been a happier couple if she bad had a dozen or so of these.' 4 Has your wife Mabel, dear, there's papa coming along the village. Bun and tell him I am waiting for him here,' she said. Mabel sped away toward her father. He was coming down the middle of the road, his hands crossed behind him and his gaze directed steadily toward the pebbles in his way. He might have been counting how many there were between Eggleton's mill and home, he was so interested in the stones upon tbs roadway. 4 What have you tell me,' she . asked quickly, 4apd that a child has no right to listen to ? What has any one been saying ?' \- No one has been saying anything. 4 Then what ' For no one knows hut me.' /Knows what, Bickers? What do you think you know? You may be mistaken— ..... - —I , - _ , - ,-tlirfl . I |-| ,j-| y.. p. you are very likely to be mistaken la/ahy/ 4 "thing/ she said impatiently, and withnllthe blood dancing backward and forward in .her face/. >' " ,r> j 4 1 have been a little bit mistaken in you, lady,' X said very Calmly cow, though my old .heart was beating fast enough, tas Mr. Tyke is, I fancy. But I'm not mistaken in think ing' that it Would be much the best for you and him it Mr. Marson was to go away from j here.' j 4 Bickers, yoiidare to'think — — ' 4 1 dare to know, ma'am. I don't think,' I answered, as she paused; . 4 What —what do you know against me V she cried. 4 As heaven is my judge, you have no right even to think there is any harm in me, or what I do.' I 4 No, ma'am, but it may ba coming to harm. And rather than it should, I'd tell the vicar all I I knew at once ; or I'd kill Alfred Marson like a rat, if I were strong enough to do it. | And,' I added, I would rather do that.' I 4 You are a terrible old man/ she said, I with a shudder ; 'a man of awful thoughts j and fancies, and I cannot listen to you.' | 4 1 don't want you to listen, ma'am, any longer,' I said ; 4 1 want you to send Mm away. He will go for you ; he will go when j he -kinks Whangdale Scar is about to talk of this I eannct make such a suggestion to him.' j 4 If he has not cleared out of this place be- 1 fore another week, it will reach the vicar's | ears, I am pretty certain ; and the vicar's j little children, perhaps, for children pick up a lot of news they would be better without,' | I said. She turned red and white again at j I this. I knew to speak of the children would | I startle her, and it did. The vicar was not j j far from us now. ' j | 'Trust me,' she said suddenly, and then I I went out of the churchyard and along the I j road to meet her husband ; and I noticed j I that she did not walk as firmly and Bteadily | as she was in the habit of doing, but tottered just a little. I did not wait for the vicar ; I went home. I was late to dinner, and Mrs. I Bickers said I had been gossiping "with Mrs. I Jodson, and that I ought to foe ashamed of j myself at my age, which I wasn't. | The next day I had expeeted Alfred Marson would seud me a message to be in the church j in the evening — it was Friday, and he always praotised on a Friday night— but I heard 1 nothing from him. Later on I was told he got up early and started for a long walk, | I taking the miller's dog with him ; later on 1 I still, when it was dark, I thought I would | walk over to the church and make quite snre I was not wanted, and he was not waiting. He was not waiting, bnt a woman was, and cowering away in the shadows of the porch, thinking that my old eyes would I not see her, as if they were not as strong as ever — so far as distance was concerned— as if any of my faculties were failing me 1 | Gould the vicar's wife have stolen out to I wait for him there; by appointment, too ? To pat him on his gaard against me, perhaps to | make him a bitter foe of mine, and one who | could Mil me if he liked, and if he thought i mv being verv silent was the onlv wav to make things safe. It was a woman hiding in the shadows there, at any rate, and I i advanced toward her. 8be did not steal out and run away aeross the churchyard, as I thought she would ; she kept very still, although seeming to go further and further back into the dark door- 1 way, as if— I thought at least— she was pre- paring for a spring. A spring at me— J perhaps it was Mrs. Tyke, who would have weighty reasons for watching for me — for silencing me by some snre blow. 4 1 stopped a few feet at the porch and said: 4 Who's hiding there? Come out. I see you well enough.' - And then there oame out slowly and. lingeringly — Clara Eggleton What are you a-doing here, Clara?' I asked ; 4 this isn't a place for you just now.' ' 4 Isn't it holy enough?' she asked, witb an uncomfortable little laugh; 'could I have r been found in a better place, except there?' she said, pointing to the churchyard. 4 And that's where I should like to be.' 4 You needn't talk like that. There's plenty of time, girl — it will come.' / 4 Oh 1 but not soon enough.' j I 4 You're in a harry, you are.' Y | 4 Where's Mr. Marson?' she inquired snannishlv. 4 1 don't know.' 4 | 4 Why is he not practising to-night? Why I has he been away all day, and who has he | been with? That's what I want to know. That's what I will know !' she cried. | 4 Steady, Clara, steady. What's the matter with you?' I inquired; 'and what's Alfred Marson got to do with you?' | 4 Oh, nothing,' she replied ; 4 he's too fine and grand a gentleman for old Joe Eggleton's daughter— though he made pretence he wasn't once. He would have liked me to think he was head-over -heels in love with me j if I had been fool enough to trust him. But | I wasn't. I did not care for him when I knew what game-he was after here— not III! hated him then — I wished he was dead— and I was dead — and she was dead. Ob, yes — she, | first of the lot of them 1' 4 She — who?' 4 Oh, don't ask any questions. Yoa're an old man, hat you don't know half the wicked ness there Is in the world— half the awful j wickedness there is in Whangdale Scar. Not you— artful old fox as they say you are. And 'where's she gone?' she cried again. « WhnV' 1 'Alfred Marson. Has he gone to meet a finer woman than I am — one who loves bim ever so much better ? Are tbey going to plan how to get away, as they have been doing? If he has — if he has,' she shrieked, 4 it will be the worse for both of them, as God's my living judge J I won't spare either — see if I do. You, Humphrey Bickers, bear that in mind forever.' 4 If I did not know you better, Clara, I should think you had been drinking/ I remarked. 4 Should yon ? 4 Won't yon tell me what's the matter? What do yon want to say to Alfred MArson ? Why are you waiting for him here ?' I wont tell yon. I wont trust anybody. I haven't anybody who cares for me, and I'll do as I like and act as I like, mark that. Yon won't have to wait long for the truth ; It will be all over the village ; ah 1 and a long way past the village, too. I'll spare nobody 1 I And with this last outcry she went on, daughter ; and I.nofcioed that she did not go on along the highroad, bnt. turned away towards the river, tike the desperate girl she was that night. Iwent home with my brain in a whirl. | Then was Clara Eggleton in" love with the organist, too, and considering herself a. slighted woman, aad-so a woman very ripe for mleahief? She would keep no secret — She would . tell the vioar all that she, watchful and jealous, had discovered for herself, and then the tragedy would begin. I had better tell her all I knew, and take counsel with her how to foil Marson ; perhaps she would have I cooled down by the time she had reached J home ; and she and I could ta'k it over quietly. At all events, I might give her a | hint that I was not so much in the dark as I she fancied I was.' | She could get home more quickly by the | river; she would be home before me, I thought, bnt she was not. I waited half aa | hoar talking to Eggleton ; all a waste of time, | for he was always muddied after dark ; and then I gave up the attempt and went home to Mrs. Bickers, thinking that another day | would not matter much to anybody. Bat it cua.- - The next day I knew that something bad 1 happened in the night at Whangdale Scar. I believe I knew it had happened before I saw the first scared faee that morning, for h | dog had been yelping in the distance all night, and I woke up with the creeps awful. | Mrs. Bickers said I was quite cheerful until I got into the high road, and that this was all I my fancy afterward ; but then Mrs. Bickers | was always aggravating. I know I had a j foreboding, and well I might have bad, con- side ring the goings-on of Clara Eggleton and how she flared about the churchyard. And | when 1 looked up the village street, I guessdd my foreboding had come true. It was raining hard, but the people were all standing about : bareheaded as if it was summer time, and the women were making more noise than 'the | men and flinging up their arms and trying all I at once to tell what had occurred. And what had occurred ? Ah 1 I knew soon enough. The first one I who oame to me was Spinks, a poor, frightened tailor, with his hair on end. He told me I that Alfred Marson had been found dead in | the river, with Eggleton's dog howling on the bank, as he'd been howling hour after hbur, 1 with people who had heard him in the village ; wondering what was the matter, just as Iliad j done, not thinking whose animal it was, :and fancying someone was about to peg out some- I where and the dog knew all about it, as dogs do — as this one certainly did, having Been Alfred Marson die, having been his com panion all the day, andliaving come in at the death, as 1 may say, sure enough. They had taken Marson's body ont of the river and carried it to Eggleton's, where Clara was | crying and shrieking over it like a mad thing. The people at the post-office said they oonld | hear her plainly, and they were a good half- mile from the mill if they were half a yard. I There was a tremendous stir in Whangdale 1 Scar, von mav be sure, for we were criiiet folk, and never had a 4 good case' before within the memory of man. Nothing in the shape of a sensation had been with ns for nigh on thirty years, and then a tourist fell off the Grey Tor, and disappointed all of us by only breaMng' his leg, and going away next morning in a oart ; but .this was real downright murder , not a flo'ubt of it. They I might try to make it out an acoident ; that he had slipped "in the dark and fallen in- slipped, unfortunately, where the banks were fifteen feet above the river "and where the river was broken by great boulders, which split the stream into cascade and waterfall — | but I knew better, though I am old enough to | hold my tongue. I can't say I had much | sympathy withIfrcd'lISmii's-gTSdden drop from UfejJkrT had never liked the niSBt and | I I had jargen a witness to the .harm he wifehed , | to do jtnd meant to do if possible. He wo$ld | hays' made Bhipwreckpf-a peaml home, and j I, for one, was not sorry he w&Wgqne.; M 4 1 think it served him rigSV "I mutterpd# jas I took my turn to look - at him— all Whangdale Scar went into tiMiih&iler;'s house'; - | rank and file, to look at lil-ahd Clara | Eggleton glanced up at onbe asd shook her fist at me — actually shook hertfl£t, a8 if I had no right to my own opinion -ofl the matter, I although I had certainly not intended anyone to hear me. \ I was twenty yards from the door, when | she oame after me and gripped me by the arm, startling me dreadfully, as I had pot | heard her sneaking up.bakmd. It was. the night time again. I don't like looking at dead ones in the day;, they're much too yellow and staring foi me at my age now ; j but with a light upon them they are rather j interesting ; I don't know why, but they | are. . | 4 Humphrey, Humphrey Bickers 1' Clara Eggleton said suddenly in my ears, 4 1 have | got a word or two to say to you.' 4 Save us ! how you made me jump !' | 4 1 believe yon killed foim — do you hear?' she hissed forth spitefully ; 4 you always | hated him, and you were out late last night, j You came to the mill late, 4 To see you. And you were out later Btill, j Clara.' 4 Ah 1 1 was. What's that to do with it ?' You forget. - 4 Why did vou say It served him right ?' she cried. 4 How dare you say it, you terrible old wretch ! What harm had he ever done to you?' . 4 To me— nothing. But I can't be sorry for one blackguard the less, Clara.' 4 You knew all, then !' 4 Didn't you tell me yourself last night ?' 4 Oh, last night was such a long time ago,' she whispered, 4 and so much has happened since ! But you knew it all before, sbe added. 4 1 knew he was making love to the parson's wife— yes.' 4 And you killed him, Humphrey— you were always sly and malicious and cruel. And,' she exclaimed, 4 I'll have the law of you ! And if you did not kill him, she did — for she was last night in the valley.' 4 Good Lord 1 you don't say that ?' 4 1 saw her myself — going to meet him. It was all a planned thing they should meet.' 4 Did you watch her ?' 4 1 tried,' she answered gloomily; 4 but I missed her.' i 4 Clara Eggleton', I said, 4 youhad better go l baek home, and keep a still tongue in your bead—I sha'n't say anytMiig m "wksstfFfriSr tbfe me. But yon— if you are not /very caxefol, Clara— may come quick to the gallows.' 4 1 may! I who loved tom eo; who would have died for him at any moment— If' she raved again. . ' 4 You forget what you told me last night In the church porch,' I reminded her. 4 What did I say ?' she answered evasively; 4 1 was half mad— quite mad— I don't remember.1 ; 4 You wished he was dead— and you said if he had gone to meet young Mrs. Tyke it would be the worse for both of them, and you would not spare either of the two. I did not say that— oh 1 I did not say that; Humphrey— did C ?' . _ 4 More than that,' I added, 4 you said I shouldn't have to wait for the truth long, it would be soon over the village, and past the ! village, too. You were a wild woman, Clara. 4 As well I might be,' she said sadly; 4 but i Heaven knows I did not know what I was I saying.' . . 4 1 hope you knew what you were doing, and — God forgive you if you didnt.' 4 Oh, yes, I see now, you would put it Ml on me.' 4 Not for worlds. But I know you killed Alfred Marson. And I don't know.' I added. 4 that I blame you. I'll think that over presently.' 4 My God !' She stopped as if struck into stone, and I went homeward to think it over, as I had promised. And I did not blame her much-; had I been the judge to try her, I should have let.her off. For she had loved this man, and he wonld have led her wrong bad it been in I his power, I daresay, for all his nonsense | with the other one. A regular bad man; there are plenty about, I dare say, who get on better I than Marson the organist, who was always a clumsy fellow, with all his cleverness/ : And the other one ! She was not seen in the village, she did not quit the parsonage till after the inquest and the verdict of acciden tal death had been recorded— what more -natural than that a man should lose hie. footing in the dark, and slip from a steep I bank into a mountain stream ? They said at the parson's house that she was lying very ill, and doctors from London had been sent for. 1 1 saw the vioar every day ; be did not seem distressed in mind about bis wife, bnt talked calmly of church matters with me, and of the new organist who was coming. In Alfred Marson's place. And when they buried I Alfred Marson in the churchyard, the vioar | read the service more impressively than I should ever have given him credit for doing, I he being an awful reader at most mes, and worse at the prayers and lessons than his' sermons. He was thinking of his wire all the | time, I believe— for she was on his mind, for | all his being so quiet about it ; perhaps, she | had raved of Alfred Marson in her delirium, and he had guessed the truth of it. For he said to me very quietly: 4 We shall never have such an organist as that Marson — as poor Marson,' he added by way of correction, I 1 \Ta m;« J Dl Uj olla j 4 Mrs. Tyke's illness I put Sown to Marson's | death,' he said thoughtfully ; 4 it was a great shook to her. She liked Marson— he was a bit of a gentleman.' A bit— perhaps.' 4 You didn't like him, Biekers ?' 1 No, sir ; I can't say as I did.' 4 Well, we mast not think ill of him now, if we can help it,' said Mr. Tyke. ' And h was an excellent organist ; Mrs. Tyke was j never tired of listening to him,1 4 Very likely not.' 4 Used to come at all kinds of odd times when he was practising and hide about the church and listen to his play ing evpn, aho tells me now. Did you ever see her, Biokere ?' I 4 Once, sir ; that's all.' 4 Only once ? She was there ft great tn&ny; times, she says. . Oh l and, by the way,' she has expressed, a wish to see yon. I had nearly forgotten that,' he said. | 4 To see me, sir ?' ( 4 Yes ; very odd that is, but it Is so ?' | 4 Bless my heart I to see me now ? Dearee me.' 1 « And the doctor says she must he kept 1? very quiet, and not see anybody but me and rthe' nurse,' he continued ; 4 and we have told her, just to deceive her a little, that y6u 1 hftVA crone to London on business. Bickers.' 4 Very good, sir.' 4 1 -hate deception— I can't forgive decep tion in any form, as a rule — but tbls ls a matter of Hfe and death.' 4 Yes, sir.' 4 And she cannot possibly want to see you in reality, oan she ?' . 4 1 don't see why she shoold,' I answered, thoughtfully. 4 No ; it's too ridiculous,' he murmured, as he went away. 4 To me, it's a very had sign of mental weakness.' I did not look upon it in that light. , I thought there might be even a reason w£y his wife would like to see me, especially if she were going to peg out, as I thought she was — as everybody thought she was very shortly after that, for she grew worse and worse, and more doctors eame from London to- shake their heads over her and pronounce her case hopeless. They were all full of . her illness hi the village, for we all liked her very much ; had been, all . indebted to her for her sympathy, and the poorer . ones for her charitable help. No one but myself associated the death of Alfred Marson with her illness, but l felt I sure myself his death would be the cause of hers. And I took good care that ho one else should know it, not even Mrs. Biekers. Presently, to my amazement, and much more to Mrs. Biokers's amazement, Mrs. Jodson | suddenly oame Into oiir cottage. | ' Well, of all the effrontery——' Mrs. Bickers had begun to say; Mrs. Bickers being | naturally quick when Mru Jodson was the | Bubjeot. But lbs. J. dashed into the | explanation and a shower of tears and sobs together. 4 You're wanted at the vicarage, Humphrey j — you must come — she will see you. - 4 Who will see him ?' asked Mn. Biekers ; 4 why can't you leave htm alone betweim you | all? And if you call my old n»n Humphrey again I'll ' . 4 My mhtress wants to see hfoii v She's dying— oh! I'm &fraia;"dMVdjsng/l wait, Bickere,bn£ come on.' And away dashed Mrs. Jodson agaicu Mrs. Bickers nearly recovered the ure nf hw hmbs "V;: " v-: Bifvv bed. -fc."-" r-: ' Whatever canH5BB. Tylre want to wee yon Ip;; Viboutr - . v !: , «m tell you when I come back,' I said— R J « ulT never ttfd herv I never told n ffving J:f.. soul tifi this flay, anffnow if a off my mind; if although tin fee fast iff us h&ve; peggpff ©nt |g:<: ; ' ' be vappri opsod Md away. That's |j understood between zne and you, sir— you, iv v fee new vicar of this place. I weht to the parsonage. I was toown into a house whore everything seemed muffled. I caught right of Mr. Tyke in his stuffy, and 1 '' / saw trim looking at me as I went upstairs, ;v-r although he did not. leave his seat to say : v -'Good evening. I was toown into a dimly- lighted bedroom, where fay Mrs. Tyke — oh 1 /V; so white and tiiin — and where a noree was \- wafiehiiig. F 'Oh, here he is at fast,' fire faint voice ' I . Said from the bed. Plse go away — please ; ' all of you to go away — you have promised me. \- You do not forget feat it's a promise.' > 'Very well, ma'am. Should yon want i- anyfeh,' said fee nurse, looking at me very altentivriy, pleare ring the belL' > When I was loft alone - with her, .toe seooBea me so oome ctose io tne oeasiae. l don't tiixnk I should have known hex had I met her in tire village. 'What a time you have been away in \- London 1' she said, reproachfully. No— yes, ma'am. A long time it seems, I daresay. To nre — yes,' toe replied, ' because I thought you were net coming back — that yon had run away — escaped.' Escaped !' I answered. 'Bickers,' she said, almost imploringly, yon did not kill him, did you ?' I knew whom toe meant, and what was on her mind, poor lady. 'No, Mrs. Tyke, I never touched him,' I answered back. 'You said, if you were strong enough to do it, you would kfll him like a rat. You add it. Bickers, cm my soul you did,' she ex claimed. 'There, there, good lady, don't get excited over me. I never had the chance, if I have ever had tire wish.' 1 Will you put your hand upon the Bible there, and toy, so help you God, you sever lolled All Maroon— will you?' she said, ecgerly. I walked toward a little Bible, handsomely hound in a violet velvet cover, fee Bible which fee used to take to church with her, and put my wrinkled hand very firmly on it. 'So help me God, I never killed Alf Mar- son,' I said very clearly and without a quiver in my voice. Sire drew a deep breath of relief. I con eogfad — so verygfad and happy now,' toe murmured. 'Thank you, Bickers; I believe you ; I am sure you fell tire truth. He died by accident, then, poor fellow— poor fellow! I did not tell her of Clara Eggleton. I was very earmm ot ner. sne mogoaeg me to come dose to her ssde again. «X think- you saved me, Bickers,' toe whispered ; I think yon did, talking of my little children ; for, though I loved torn very much, I loved them more, I found; and I told him if would kOlme for them to know, when they grew np, what a bad moths they had had. . He understood me, and we said good-fye fto good— farever end for good. It Was on that Very night he died. _' You were— there, then?' 'Yes. He-Would neve: have played again at church had he lived; He was going away tor my sake. - ' He had killed himself, I fended now; hut 1 would not trouble her with feat now, though ire had said he might. 1 My pooriiusband has never dreamed of ' tire wicked thoughts I have had and have left behind me, heaven be thanked,' toe said; 'and he never will. You will keep my secret, Bickers, and so one rise will dream of it. And presently getting stronger, as I hope I Bhall — as I will, for his sate, if I can now — L shall be so different a woman, and make hirq Bo much ' happier.' Go, now, and — ' sire paused awhile for breath, then said : ' Anc take that Bible with yon, few my sake. For your own, too. To remember this night by. As a keepsake, if you will, from the old mirirett, toould toe die. Good-night. Call I stole from tire room, Bible in hand, and on tire landing place outside found Mr, Tyke waiting. I thought s Was hfa ghost at first, he looktodresdfoL 'What did she want to say to you?' he asked in a hoarse whisper; 'T have been trying to listen, but T have hot heard a word. I can't fell you, sir. I have promised not to telL' 'Tut, tot,' he said, drawing me fnrthor away, 'I found out everything — everything , about Mareon and her, though toe never ' gaessed l did, and I never said a word to her. I knew she was a wife always to be trusted. And I always knew you knew | £ was in the urgan-lofe that winter morniDg.' 'Good Lord!' ' And, few thai Lord's sake, what did pH» BBjr ; HIP guiniiuiijt xuere wnaii ue no more mystery. 'What did toe say ?' I faplfl tire violet-bound Bible out to him- 1 shall never forget how he glazed at it and . stepped hack. ' " WUL you put your hand upon the Bible thert and swear , so help you God, you never killed Alfred Marson ?" — that's what toe said, sir.' But he had not heard me to the end; he had rushed at me and put hfa hand over my : mouth. Huto! bufel She will hear you! he cried. Twin not take an oath like that — I : - will not. What made you — you think— I did i-- vft? I did not answer then. I saw it all now, | . from beginning to end — the lot of it. | 'Iknowyon did it, Mr. Tyk®. I answered ? back in his ear, ( but I shall never tell.' " Ytfa was watching me, thro ? And you—' ' if; He could not go on. 'Thank you, thank t you, Bickers, for keeping it quiet ; for sparing "ff n me. Then be shook hands with me for the third time in my life, and motioned me to go. I was going away, when he called me back fi':' ' again. \--f - . 'What did she want with you?' he eaiff L ggain. ' You have not told me now,' < fi 1' To ato il l had kiite&Jum; ; to mato me , < Ahl yas, laee. I hadtiiouit it all out, mid it seemed to m&thenf; headdedin a lower vffiisper etill, (featit would be jretter tor the i ebahnV sake— and tiie motirer's-uid mine, tfaat e shomldtoo / And fab went?' 'Godhrip mo— yes,' benmttoed. The nnree came flifaing np fee stairs, sad Zooked from him to me as If toe doubted one oUns. Good night, rir, I said, in a loud tone. 'I hope to see tire mistress up by feirmas time,' And it was a lucky wish, far I did see her better and stronger faefbre they left Whang- dale Scar and 'went to live abroad, where hie died almost as soon as he got there, Fro been told. ? 'Biank you, Bickers, thank you, he answered loudlv back, sod in his own old tone of voice ; 'and good night to you — F. W. Bgbessoh, in Belgrama, 