VICTORIA RACING CLUB SPRING MEETING. i THE MELBOURNE CUP DAY. A-, BY TELEGRAPHJ (FROM OtJll SPECIAL IiXrOIfrthS.} MELBOURNE, TüíspAT The event of the year has come again and gone The Cup Race is over. Melbourne has been emptied of population, and the Flemington course has presented a scene the like of which cannot be paralleled all the world over, all the circumstances considered. Last night, at 10 o'clock, the wind changed into the south-west and we hoped for a bright morrow, but in the morning it had gone round again to the north. This heavens were overcast, the dust was curling on the roads, Buapioiously, and there seemed reason to fear that Mr. Ellery's advice to us all to take umbrellas and overcoats to the races would be justified by results, for all that it made no difference as to numbers in the attendance to-day, and it is probable that on no previous occasion has the throng been greater ; but the forebodings about the weather had had the effect of alarming a good many? of the ladies to the extent of persuading them to look up something in the way of dress that would not spoil Others had hidden their finery is capacious wrappers, which they did not remove until the wind again changed, as it did at 3 o'clock, and then they suddenly blossomed like flower that unfold their petals only when the sun shines The general effect of the meteorological prediction, however, was to produce a somewhat sombre and almost shabby effect. There were many beautiful dresses, it is true, but beautiful dresses were not the rule. You could not help somehow identifying the dresses with the wearers. Taking them by hazard as they showed themselves, you could hardly help fancifully comparing them to other things, Thus you would see a field oil primroses fenced in with carnations, a flock of dust floating among clouds of soft lace, a tablet or drab oddly relieved with patches of narrow ribbon, as if railway tickets of divers colours had been spread upon! a stone floor ; and atrocity of green plaid intensified with blue patches struggling among black velvet, blended,'' with ill-assorted flowers, topped with an ill-fitting brown bonnet, and surmounted with a fiercely road parasol, which throw a lurid light upon an unhappy face ; a wholly white figure fractured with a black belt ( a sweet face and noble figure completely draped in grey, silk, fitting close ; another stately figure, but solemn face, wrapped in undefined blue of some soft material, and having but a single Power to break the prevailing tone ; a dress of creamy silk shaded by a chintz N parasol, a chocolate satin gown valanced with cornice fringe, a black silk skirt flashing with bugles and ruched with sunflower leaves a pale face shaded by a parasol, composed, as it might be, of clippings of Oscar Wilde's lectures ; a mountain of flesh, wrapped in plum colour satin, having many projections; another mount tain of female humanity, covered with brown silk, and having severe eyes, tempered by a piece he.; a merry face at the end of a brown sister a pyramid of woman, yellow satin at the base, a white silk bonnets at the apex, and a middle one of breezy blue; another woman pyramid, whose apex was laces whose one was represented by a red velvet jacket, and, whose case was solemn black ; a formation of which the upper stratum was dark green velvet, the next lower deposit pink chintz silk, and the lowest deposit of all Bonio sullen red stuff ; a statue in steel blue Bisby with a glint of primrose in the skirt ; a fiery face self' off with a very brown silk gown, made hotter still with some kind of red bronze trimming ; an attenuated form in half mourning, tempered with withered flowers i 83 cheerful face over a figured blue satin robe, softened with creamy lace ; a heavenly face smiling out of a cloud; of delicate grey muslin ; a figure that suggested a blue pedestal supporting a whole basket of flowers ; another. pedestal all drab, but in contrast with a crimson face a sickly woman in sickly yellow silk, which hung limp about her limbs ; a ghostly face topping a figure in the most funereal of black ; a huge woman in black satin, meandered with much drab ribbon ; an amazing solidity of flesh in voluminous blue soft silk; another large creature in navy blue satin, topped with a green army brella ; a sample of black and gold as if it had been rigidly ruled with a square ; an elongation of grimness in dull black, and veiled in rusty red ; a face broader than long, matched by a figure of the same kind in pink and black silk; a dissatisfied face at the summit of a robe of figured red velvet ; a pleasant little girl all in blue, including the shoes and. stockings, giving one the agreeable impression of coolness ; another little girl, all lace and gentleness ; a third shapely little girl with a primrose frock, black, silk stockings, and black satin shoes ; two elegant girls in soft blue, gummed with a single red flower ; o* winsome face and a lissom figure, sets off with white silk and a blue flower a stately figure in pink silk, with tender contrasting red ribbons ; a winning _aoe(/' under a salmon- coloured parasol, and a skim milk gown to match ; a thin face and a highly developed nose at the end of a cluster of red, white, and blue silk ; a basis of black, with a confusing relief of inharmonious flowers ; a dissatisfied face set in a huge bonnet loaded with violets ; a suspicious face over a robe of sickly pink darkness, in a long loose ulster or grey alpaca is an elegant woman in complete blacks with the single relief of a heavy gold necklet is a sweet vulgarism in red velvet, trimmed with a whole hopeful of various coloured ribbons ; another Bulgarian, equally Sweet in faded brown satin flooded with a very consignment of lace ; a conservatory of flowers in pink ellis vases j a happy-looking woman, representing every known colour, and several colours that are unknown; a comfortable old party in useful black silk, topped with, an alarming white feather ; a tall girl, in a primroses gown, with a black hat trimmed with marigolds ; ft staring face out of a heap of staring blue, a cheap; kaleidoscope ; a pretty brunette, in a dark red gowns with a sailor hat and a pepper-and-salt parasol; 4 gloomy face, in striped pink silk ; a solemn form, in black satin, with a gold necklace and a brick-red, parasol; a thoughtful woman, in unrelieved black ; $ lilac robe, a black hat trimmed with yellow and red flowers, and enormous brown gauntlet gloves, large blue eyes set in soft grey, the eyes being by far the, . most considerable item in the costume ; a mass of purple, with white glass head trimmings, a blue, jacket, and a sunflower an eye-glass in a sea of brown silk ; a bronze figure crowned with ecru lace ; a dress suggestive of a mixture of milk and red pepper; an entire black costume with a white necktie ; a gown of green, and a hat all salad ; a drab frock, with a hat of hundreds and thousands ; a field of snow, with sales of raw beef ; a pretty girl, with a rustic but not vulgar air in a white frock, and a simple straw hat ; a thunderstorm of black, with lurid streaks in the weather gleam ; a comely ghost in grey ; a black gown of soft satin tempered with red poppies ; a brilliantly handsome woman, with a history, wearing a dress compounded of many colours and divers materials, but also artistically blended as to produce a wondrous and lustrous whole-in fact, a dress and a woman to dream of an crept figtAWJii stool blue figured silk, harmonised with bootlace and a' parasol of quaint design ; black rose topped with a proposerons parasol, seemingly made out of striped red and black stockings. The parasols did not, as in former years, display much invention. It seemed as if the pretty parasols had mostly been left at home in favour of umbrellas. Necessarily the improvements which. have been effected since last year attracted much attention. Everything that can minister to comfort and. convenience has been introduced, The crowd, as a matter of course, prevented anybody who had not come provided with luncheon from eating or drinking with entire satisfaction, for the tables were littered and the counters wore sloppy, but with such a rush these sources of objection could not well be obviated, Every- body was thoro-that is to say, everybody at all notable-and among these was our own Maggie Moore, in quiet black silk, with a single rose to relieve it and she was accompanied by her pretty sister-in-law, Mrs. James Moore, in ruby velvet with gold brocade, The Governor, of course, could not come, in consequence of the death of his daughter ; but as he has several Governors visiting him at present, they came, and were received loyally as his substitutes. The utmost order prevailed. The regulations were perfect, and they were perfectly carried out, for the secretary, Mr. Byron Moore, is a marvellous man, and thinks of everything, never sparing himself, and if he lives a few years longer he will make this racecourse and these races such an institution that it will be the most wonderful thing in all our wonderful history. Altogether the Cup Day of 1883 will be remembered among the best of the Cup Days. About the grandest hurdle race Hold that O.Ver faced. a flag in Australia went to the post for the Hurdle Race and after a grandly ridden and effective race. Ringwood, who was a firm favourite at 2 to 1, having more pace than the others, drew away at the distance, and won easily at the end. Basilisk, ridden by Kil- duf!, fell when running well, at the abattoirs, but neither horse nor rider was hurt. In the absence of King's Own, Lord Exeter, and Paraffine, The Broker was made favourite, and won cleverly, He represented South Australia, but was bred at Tocal by Mr. Reynolds, and n by Goldsbrough from Melody, by the B irb. A pretty useful lot started for the Railway Stakes, for which he was in Britain demand that is to 1 was laid on him, and after a Tabletop had made the running to the distance, the favourite cut him down, and won with very little to spare by a length from Tabletop, who ran a good horse. Considering that Boolka had 'a 1 1 lb. penalty, which brought his weight up to KM., he ran a great horse. Twenty-nine went to the post for the Cup, and after Archie and Linda laid out but I the running at a wonderful pace, the great weight told on the former, and Aide-de-Camp and Com- motion appeared at the front, attended by Martini Henry, who was well ridden by Williamson. Martini Henry ran past them in the straight, and won by two lengths. First Demon and Aide-de-Camp wished fourth and fifth, and thou carne Sardius. Nerrickor, who rode Le Grand, states that he was pulling him out of the saddle until half a mile from home, when he suddenly stopped racing. Archie's running miller has great weight move, his Derby running to be wrong, and confirms Huxley's so-called error of ju lamont, for it should be remembered But to-day he carried 1 - lb. more that the winner, and that he was at the front for a mile and a half. Martini-Henry was bred in New Zealand, and was purchased by the Hon. James White for 1200 guineas, and his double victory, as well as that of Iolanthe in the Maribyrnong Plate, must be highly gratifying to his owner, Mr. White, and his trainer, Fennelly. ITo is by Musket from Silvia, the dam of Goldsbrough and Robin Hood. His stable companion. Despot, nearly fell when passing the stand, and pulled up very limit'. Had it not been for this accident, Mr. White's horses with" fair to have been first and second. Martini-Henry started first favourite at 5 to 1. The following is an account of each race - HlitDLr Kapi - about 2 miles Mr H Larkin's showers in t r! i nee still 1 1 1 M. 1 Car a light. line It um) den tin Jib (Guilford) 2 at G Hill's Venation !)-> "all ((in turn) 8 "Mr s Cook's In our last (a miner) 0 "Ikharii Robertson unit Winner 5 Onions, 10st 12lb (GIhss Cock) 0 Mr fe Cit)V««i-lI«U May 10th civilians) 0 Mr 1 Jon.-'lnpki first So (Mil) I) Mr W a small- Dizzy but "li (Hotel .. <"> Mr A W. ni.li* Mills lost -the 'M ( clean) 0 "Mr A Hiowi.'-LiiIvCi matter is 1211 He like) 0 Mr I narflliiinn'-.Giiiibtii.'i-t Jib (Kellett) 0 Betting 2 to 1 v Ringwood, 1 >o 1 v Derby, 10 to 1 A. ,n> other A splendid start was effect, ed, and Ringwood, Lady. Hampden, Onfurto und Mu' ijoi, fori their field iivrYtho first hurdle, title others following- 1 w Iv and whipped in by the Joker Mntidor thin She is a! 11th a Inn', mind In his, followed by those iibovcinetiiii i I to th' m statue to the straight, when Hiemlisk link up in running and led past the third and to the ir mile of the came of wheelhouse issued by M tudor late li and 11 i, Atrititnn and king wood 'the lot fell on to us till half a mile from home, when Basilisk for!, unit Rings of m mil 1 is It standing were left at the front, attended by write it is a d Mntuhir skin. wool drow unity at the distance and won (easily lit the end b) Bayer InngtbR leaving, Ilinipdon f) belt Atrittitnu by a "bold for nee mid pi nee, M it is it vi is half a 1 tight oil third, neither cime'lriplnt, Gambler Till), and Lady Canning ton Time, 2 minutes 10 seconds Five I__-nSingto\ St lull, for avarice olds, five fur- long«»-colt* Sat lb fillies Sit Mr 1 farmers'-, IhollioUi, by GolcUbioi girl Born Melody (Quinn) I Mr R Mollison C lnlkuI (Loneloiiclclly) 2 Lt J M ilmn s Ant incite 1 Mr F Ub Hedley's Sirocco (G ilntfoith) 0 Mr R Howie's Senhouse (Macgowan) 0 Mr For eaters Gipps at V winning (Gough) 0 Mr T Brown's The June (Nicholson) 0 Mr F. Bradshaw 9 Zenith (Aspin ill) 0 Betting 2 to 1 v The Brother and Falkirk, 4 to 6 to 4 v any other. After half the distance had been travelled The Broker ran to the front, and, holding his own, won about three lengths from Ttilkirk, who was two lengths in front of Antoinette, and after them came Sirocco, brothers and ParalMino, with Zenith a bad last Time, 4 minutes 3 seconds Rain at Somerset mile Mr F DaMr_ticMUi, by Dr Byron from Lady, 8st (Huges) 1 Mr M Jacobs' Tabletop 8st (Nioliolition) 2 Mr D S to nil ice Their Sgt (O Action) 3 Mr N Hall's Pall Mall 0 t 21 (Colley ) 0 Albury, 9st 2lb (Connors I 0 I Mr F Wilson's Senor 8t (M Greene) 0 Jr M Branch's him in 8st (Hoare) 0 Mr S Miller's Boolka at (Cuevl n Mr H Aliretl'sMltltlliinuili Bt (chantant 0 Mr J Long's ^ carry, 8st (Iluvton) 0 Betting 6 to 4 on Ike, 1 to by Signor, A lo I bar two The word was given to an indifferent start, Boolka and Ike getting first away As soon as they settle down Tabletop was taken to the front and he led the four lengths past the abattoirs and after the pair came Senor, Books I, and C inn in a bunch Ike caught Tabletop at the half distance and beat him cleverly by a length, while Boolka raining with a rush was only beaten three lengths by Cups for third place and four lengths from them came Signor P is well, Albanians Vergy were the latest Time, 1 minute 49 seconds for Melbourne Ceres miles Hon James White s Martini Henry by "Mrs kt from Silver I 7st 5lb (Vii unison) 1 Mr T Barnfield s East Mater by Fireworks from The Gem 8st (E M Grace) 2 Hon W Pearson W Cameron n, by Panic from Evening fatal lOst lb (Trahan) Mr W Gannon s Sweetly bills i 9st 2lb (coming) 0 Mr Vf Bailey s Stockwell 8 t 10s (G "ban) 0 Mr J Mnv< sTkeGr-n Sot 111 delivery) 0 Mr W Hill E C inmmulln 8st 10lb (Colley) 0 Mr A T S n art 3 br c Vrcl to Sat 3lb (Gouirli) 0 Mr D H V illicr-iCiliii St lb (0 once) 0 Mr W Pearson's 11 relict 8st P very 0 Mr E DeMeätrcsMci has st (sales) 0 Mr E Weeks Poll 000 uit n) 0 Mr S Barnard 11 k is to i ci st 10lb (Bowes) 0 Mr S Cook's Vale cv t 1918 (KobcitHon) 0 Mr J Stewart «K!i-«!nlc st 8lb (Strickland) 0 Mr H James a santa Club at lib (Unlker) 0 Mr H Bowler s M feel Camp st lb (Gainsforth.) 0 Mr J Whittingham W Clapp past lib (Cracknell) 0 Mr T Staines on 3 Recovery 7st (T Kelsh) 0 Mr Vf Branch s I needed it (Mo c) 0 Mr C Frost C K h I n or 7 t (Thornton) 0 Hon J H bite a Despot 7st (relish 0 Mr 1 Mai on sale by r t PUt (Iiellah) 0 Mr J li IlllrtWiboSiirltia ft I lib (C Ilutclitns) 0 Mr J Wilson 8 I In li r t 40lb (rails) 0 Mr J M Kenzie s I a 11 c i Mnv i n c fist 616 (Bair) 0 Mr W Gordon W B s 11 C t Sir (I li itching) 0 Mr D) S Wallace 3 Le Grand fit jib (Reinecker) 0 Mr J Monde a First Demon 8st 12lbs (A cholson) 0 Betting : 6 to 4 against Martini-Henri ; 6 to 1 each against Claptrap und Despot ; 10 to 1 against Calms and Le Grand; 12 to 1 each agAinst Aide-de- Camp, sardine, Nicholls, and Dick Ilatteraick ; 20 to 1 each against Archie and Commotion ; 100 to 3 rash against First "Water and Santa Claus ; 100 to 2 any other. After a trifling delay, Mr. Watson lowered his flag. The HBnenso field seemed to leave in one line. "When they got close enough to be noticed Dukedom was seen at the front, with a slight advantage of Archie, Magnet, and Claptrap and as they came on Claptrap got his head in front, and led past the stand. Archie, Linda, Magnet. Aide-de-Camp, j Martini-Henry (who tripped and nearly fell), First Demon, and First Water following in a great bunch. Claptrap was ousted of the turn, and Archie, taking up the running, led Linda half a length past the bridge, Chptrnp, Aide de-Camp, and Dukedom coming next, clear of Martini-Henry,' Despot, Commotion, first Demon, and Lesbia. Still forcing the pace, Linda and Archie led their field along the back of the course aud.ontotho abattoirs, where they were two lengths in front of Aide-de- Camp, Martini Henty, and Dukedom, next to which could be foan Despot, Commotion, First Demon. First Water, and Sin dips. Linda and Archie. the latter of which had run a great horse under the weight, now began to time, and when half a mile from home Allesio Cump got his head in front, while Caima held a good position on the extreme outside. Aide-de-Camp was now left at the front, but Commotion was hard upon him, and a little further on the Champion Race winner challenged and beat him in a few FttMen. A great roar from the bill declared that the top weight had his field in trouble, but it over all too soon, for no sooner Were their heads fairly turned for home than Martini ' Henry dashed upon the inside, and assumed the command, while First Water, in the centre, tugun to come through his horses very fast. The Derby winner refused to be caught, i and Williamson, sitting; down on him for fear of being caught napping, handed him a clever winner by two lengths. First "Water on whom M'Grade rode a great race, beat ' Commotion by three- parts of a length for second place, will then eating First Demon Airte-de- Ctuni). Massenet, Ko covery, Archie, and Nicholas. Time, 3 minutes 30 seconds. The following are the winners of the Melbourne Cup - "ir M Inner Silt Arro At eight st lb Richer riches Binker IS! til intern l*>ijj[loi above the Hub 1 IniVV hillier relief e Win in Mindle lout live Until the Qiutck Don To ii I select IV follow in his ears Che til C it must Dunwell G may I times is I've ice 11 in Germany must 5 7 19 3 40 I8M'Miiitln-Ilcnii_ till, DAULINO bTAKll-lJ to Mr I -c '5 The action by Bethnal Green "st 'Jas (Robertson) 1 Ml 1 Union's A, Rockdale. Tel Mr [Colley) to, Mr I 1 its minister the late lib (Benton) 3 Mr J Thomas b m "Miss sales "at 129 (Robertson) 0 Betting 6 to 4 on Ph intoni 3 to 1 against Stockdale Vu main event at the Front The moment the flag fell, and d spite Co Im'shird riding on telltale was never caught, river noaeiBilv June, 2 minutes has seconds 1st s William Tell William Tell Boltililo Muscovado Wol ston She Her cries New carried on in the Hills New Warrior P Hill New Wturloi less i W Ikin's Lucifer liulvltttk Ice on Clubs 1 in M Either (imp) inattention Miiuliiinoiur liuiiVliiHIiidiiip ^ attendant Jim Durban Cunnii A man Musket Tin "is a Ylvn SivkLs-1 mile in I lie Mes ub Olive, ball e i m-! office, St 211) (Hill) 1 li I l huti-ieU'-i unions to "Hi (1 nails!)) 2 lion in l'e«r-nn'< Iiiinlmnd ist rib (silks) 3 vi o M 1) i AM a courtship Hit 111 (1) easily in) of Mr I find my von Mueller! Sir kills (Rawlings) 0 Mr W Rillie in - \ till 8st 10lb (M di nie) 0 Mr I Martin j i U i lb St lb IStmiell) 0 Hon W Lennon s tout -la i 16 -In (I nui) 0 -il 1 lifeless h lucerne si 'In (VI Captain) C W Lindley 2 Miitiomi 7st Mr (Hills) 0 J Paterson' He had inamorata is' Iib (Hobson) 0 Mr J A letter has- s IionnittMCi 7 at the (Cracknell) 0 Mr J Clarke's) more it (Ncniektr) U Mr S Mahon's 1 of Keltie s soo fu 12th (holso) I) Mr W flour 2 lb ) he. ii (i Jib (0 Williams) 0 "Mr MiUei'sPiilliii.on Blb (Oli s) 0 Mr 1) s W nil leads him in, (He 7lb (Meliolson) .. 2 Mr J Mills who We open it "In (Gough) 0 M U I fell ill and visit ice I t "'b 0 Mr Holm clear run of (Chu-) n I lie I at all n, G i Ib 0 Captain lliunis White H, G it 7lb of A good start was made the most use of by Pailloroo and and Co stories by li a fairly settled into their places ChlorH to tie up the re army;, followed by King's bon and ?\VutMi¡r* with Peveril elliptic in front r ml Before (he gluttons were re third Wotunpi und Prodi j ii had taken the place of the leaders, though hurT pi Obs el b Ghlonsund Pearl before his" i mill was ever, V. e on a had had enough of it and Churns even home life with the li id cloth she held to the distance when II has come firelight on (her for trial and I am home a length in front of Chloris with frilled thin Ihetiiim is minister Peveril and "stately, still Uli May last Fine 1 minute I set free ads the river lost heavily on the day the C up was the fastest ever run, at I O imiunlinn's in get ing third under 10st lib via- a brilliant performance 