CORRESPONDENCE ' A Debtor' baa not sent his name. 'Thompson's Ghost'— Ifyonwillwriteinyourown name we will publish your letter ; but unless accom panied with your name your statements would mrrr no weight, and will not help to the true solution of the question. ' Semaphorean' wishes to express his thanks to the Railway Department for many mercies. 'The latest addition to the stock is the privilege of losing a train and exercising a few choice adjectives which might otherwise be unheard, through the nonring ing of the bell five minutes before the starting Of the train. He suggests that a day should beset apart during the Christmas holidays as a thanks giving day, when the large company of delighted passengers should assemble to praise the depart ment for its wonderful ability to draw unto Itself public attention.' 'Citizen' writes:— 'Once more I appeal to the authorities— police or municipal— to put a stop to the hideous disturbance the quiet folk3 of North Adelaide are subjected to on Sundays by the self styled Christian Mission. Any person interrupting or annoying in any way a dozen or two of these people during their service is liable to a fine of £5 and yet half a dozen of them, by means of brazen instruments and drum, are allowed to put a atoo to the devotions of a congregation of 500 or 600 people Surely this state of things cannot long be tolerated.' ' W. A. Horn' writes :-'? Will you kindly enter tain a plea on behalf of the trees which fringe the King William- road ? The so-called tree ' guards' are absurdly small, and the guys are fixed so low down as to allow the stem of the tree, when moved by the wind, to collide with the points of the pickets. Up to date the pickets have had fully six to four the best of the encounter. The trees I believe to be plane ; but the neglect, I am certain is plainer. Verb, sap.' . - ' A Lover of Fairplay' asks why it is the South Australian Cricketing Association have refosei the unior team who aro going to Melbourne a prae- i tice pitch on the Adelaide Oval when they offered j to pay for it. He writes— ' Is it because they aie - afraid they might eclipse the last brilliant score our seniors made in the 'intercolonial match in Mel bourne? How do they expect senior cricket to im prove when they do not encourage the juniors T ' H. G., Dry Creek.'— We shall not be able to use the verses. ' J. Hains.'— Yes, he could go alone, but he could not make it the suit bis partner turned down. 'Goods Clerk.'— Yours is not a grievance we could give publicity to through onr open columns. Communicate with the Commissioner. ' Fisherman.'— The places you mention being outside the city bounds, you would not require a licence. 'J. L,'— The Bill has not yet been passed, several amendments made by the Council having to be submitted to the House of Assembly. 'The Business Manager for Miss Lee' writes :— 'While thanking 'Young Man of the Name of Gappy' for his kind intentions in calling attention to the apparently small attendance at your leading theatre during Miss Jennie Lee's first week's par fonnances of her world-famed character Jo, I, as Miss Lee's Manager, wish to correct yonr corre spondent in one respect. I must say, for the sake of the Adelaide public, and luckily for us, he has considerably understated the attendance.' Another correspondent writes laying the blame on the weather. Certainly this is not the most suitable time of the year for indoor performance?. We cannot admit any more correspondence on the subject in our open columns. ' J. Moorhonse' writes :—' In yonr issue to-day I was pleased to see a paragraph stating that two iguanas had been caught eating & hare. I hope they were not interfered with. I should think it w onld be wise if our rulers would preserve iguanas (large ones). I have seen them eat a rabbit; they will kill opossums and rabbits. I consider the ranges in the North are kept clear (a very great deal) of rabbits, for not many rabbits are to be found in timber country where iguanas are plentiful. I hope to see iguanas preserved as rabbit destroyers.' 