ODD NOTES. BY A BOHEMIAN. I SHOtrra have enjoyed tho meeting at ! Qeliam last night week, at; which the Minister for Lands gave an .account of liis stewardship to the electors of the Darling Downs, the rail' way. navvies employed in* tho. vicinity,/and ' anybody olso who thought well, to attend. It ris ulways a pleasuro to listcn to Perkins when I lie is. properly .charged bofpro- lie attempts I to -go off,:;.,and:,judging -from the report .of his - speech ' in the Toowooinba papers I conclude that ho was in full war-paint and feathers' at Gehnm. The easy off-hand manner in which ho hit out air round, and disposed of his foes oiio by one, is un interest* j ipg study for the young politician. I'erkins j explanation .. oftho, manner , in which Muoro got the timber reserves leaves no more ' to be said on that score. If anybody bring3 that 1 matter up again in Parliament he willdescrve the ! inevitable fato" that awaits him. Munro has secured tlio 800 acres right enough, because, as hid luck would hive it, or good luck, according to Ihe.pointof yiow from whicliyouregardit, the petitions against the exchange did not reach the Minister for Lands until toolatc. Butthefactof this 800 acres of the.mosb valuable portion'of the GighCelds Timber Reserve having been given to Mr. Duncan :Muvro in exchange for a bit of land at Crowsnesl is a clear proof of tho earnest desire the Minister for. Xands has to settle the;' land upon vtlio" people/ providing they be the right, sort, even when, he cannot succeed in settling the people upon' the land. Mr. Munro will now bo able to secure a reason able price;for;hi3 sawn. timber- in and around Xoowoomba, as all foars .of.successful compe tition are for ever at ah end ; and if - anybody else, of tho right sort,'of course, wants to do the same in ,;his own neighbourhood—Perkins says'; he .will only bo. too' glad to. assist him/ Indeed he invited .the persons present at his meeting to go and do the same, and import! valuable machinery to utilize the timber now j going to waste. Of course nobody thought of taking him'at his word. Still, "that was not' his/fault. He proved, his impartiality . by | oifering to treat all alike—as far as the timber reserves of the colony would hold out. After that explanation it is quite clear that the Minister for Lands was as public-spirited and disinterested in Munro's land exchange as he 1 was with his own on the Herbert Hirer last year. In fact,* the more closely yon look into the administration of the public lands by Per kins, tho more clearly do you perceive that no one has any cause to complain of the treatment 1 lid lias received, unless it be some poor insignifi* | i cant fool who believes in the Opposition. , "What more would you have of a Minister for I ' Lands?- ■- *" j I Thootherdaylnoticedthattliehoardinground tho new QueenslaudNtttiorol Hank building, now ' in course of erection at the corner of Queen and I Creek streets,-is stack over with placards show ing the pawnbroker's well-known sign, with tho announcement "money lent.'* I ,think it is quite premature, and in wretched bad taste, to i make this announcement thus early. The : building is not half completed as yet, I and why'begin to tout for customers iu ibis vulgar stylo ? Of . course we all. know nioncv is lent at every bank, providing the credit of the borrower is good and he offers adequate collateral security ; but other banks \ do not announce their business in this style, j The only way I cdn.account for it is that the j Queensland National Bank contemplate adding ' tlie pawnbroking business to their ordinary routine as soon as tho new building is ready fo? occupation—establishing a sort of Mon( de Ticfe of'tho French or Belgian type, so as to scoop in ilic bulk of the labouring class who require temporary accommodation' in small sums at times. Persona who have recently returned from the old country assure me that •at the well known 50 Old Broad street you see •" Queensland National Bank" on ono door of tlio range of .ofllccs, on tlio door just opposite you seo "Quccnslund Transcontinental Ruil way Company," and next door you see " Queensland ,rnvestment and LnndMortgigc Company." And the most remarkable thing is that tho directors of the one aro tho directors of the other two for the most part. In directing these several undertakings all that seems .necessary is to draw tho fees for one concern and. then the directors can " rcsolvo themselves," us thoy do in Par liament,. into a meetiug of the directors of the other concorn; do the business/draw tho fees, and thenresolvo themselves into a meeting of tho directors of tho third ono. This is killing three birds with ono stone, besides being a good thing for tho directors. If to this they add tho businoss of a national pawnshop on tho French model, thoy will bo certain to reap! large profits, and thoy would then luivc «o firm I a grip on tho cclony iu every possible direction j that wo could: dispense with Parliament j altogether, and save tho trouble and bother of govorning tlio colony on tho so-called represen tative sytem. Perhaps this is wlmt is meant by 1 tlioso placards showing the three golden balls | on the hoarding of tho now bank, ~ < For the second time a Brisbane jury has given substantial damages against divisional boards for improving the roads under, their jurisdic tion. In the first case the road had been lowered about nine inches at the spot where the accident happened. The person to whom this accident happened, stepped over the improvement by daylight without noticing it, but on returning- after dark abe stepped onto that nine inches of vacant space,under the impression that it was .solid earth, and did not find out her mistake until she had sprained' her ankle or something of the kind for which the Divisional Board was made to pay. But this w&9 nob so great a mis fortune aa that which li&s; befallen the Bulimba Divisional Board. They widened and improved the road at Galloway's Hill, and made it much safer than it has ever been before since it was a road. But a.poor fellow, witha horse that was a notorious jibber, , was thrown down the em bankment at this spot and killed, whereupon an action was broughtagainstthe board for damages, and the jury awarded the widow a larger sum than the hoard collects in rates in the twelvemonth. In what particular way the board could have prevented that horse from/ jibbing ond going orer the embankment at j tbat particular spot was not explained, but there was no doubt that the man was killed) and it was a nice handy way of providing for the widow by making the divisional board stump up to tho tune of £650, inclnding ex penses. The members of the board have been obliged to go to the Colonial Treasurer and borrow on account of the endowment- to meet this expense. The result of this action for damages, opens up a grand prospect for persons. who have accidents on or near divisional board improvements in the metropolitan district—they may depend on a Brisbanejuryawardingfchemcompensation. But it would be as well not to tap this new source of revenue too freely at first, otherwise the divisional boards may "Jack-up",, and let the Government manage the roads/in 'which case there will be no ghost of a chance of getting damages, no matter what accidents may happen Nobody ever thought of suing tte Govern ment for damsges when they fell down an embankment and hurt themselves, nor would they do so if Government had charge of the roads again. If they did, and a jury awarded damages, there is no means of making Government pay. You cannot put the bailiffs into Parliament House to satisfy a judgment of the Supreme Court. For this reason it would bo well for juries to draw it mild in the award ing of damages against divisional boards for accidents tbat they are no more responsible for than they are for disasters at sea. An interesting and instructive little game is being played just now by tbe Borough Council of Sandgate. A very considerable number of Brisbane men own property in Fandgate, for which they pay rates just the same as though they resided there. These Brisbane residents, with a selfishness that is not altogether un natural, prefer to be represented on the Borough Council by men similarly situated. A consider able number of the tradesmen of Sandgate do not think this is the proper thing, lhey main tain that these absentee proprietors are the law ful prey of the resident proprietors, and that no ratepayer, however largely he may contribute to the local revenue, has any right to a voice in the election oflpersons to control the expenditure unless he goes down to Sandgate and spends his money like a gentleman. In the late disputes on this interesting subject, a Sandgate baker, who sided with the absentee ratepayers, has been boycotted by tho publkuns.' Tbey have fill ceased to take a loaf of bread from him, or countenance anyone else in doing it until he re cants. The members of the council, who belong to tho other side, have now adopted re taliatory measures, and are boycotting the Sandgate, publicans, and persuading all their friends to do the same. "When tbey go down to Sandgate to attend to their municipal duties, or for pleasure, or on private business, instead of going to one of the Sand' gate pubs, they take down whatliquorand food they will want, and consume it al fresco, or at some friend's private house. It is a very pretty quarrel as it stands, mind you. IVonder how it will end. It sooms to mo that the poor baker has the worst of it so far, becauso .he is down there all the time. Still, there are some of the local residents who are also on his side, iufiuential ones, too, so that he may yet be able to pull through It would be an awful pity if the Sandgate publicans got licked, because what is the gcod of keepiug a sea-sido pub., unless you can mako bigger and better profits tlian you could in Brisbane or somo inland town, and how are you to make these profits unless you c in make people spend their mooey froely in the place? Baying rates merely is no advantage to the publicans and the like. Near the Hinds station, Lyttelton, Famnel Chesson. :i fireman ou tlie southern express, while firing up, was staadiug with one foot on the engine and tho other on the tenner. Sud denly the couplings parted ond Chesson fell, uod the whole train passed over him, mangHng him dreadfully. His .neck was broken, and his right hand and left foot were cut off. He was singlo, 30 years of age, ond lived at Timaru. < 