AND A GILT. f A Stoby Tbejdblixg on* the Vebge op 'P&ttth.; BY QUIBIJS... . . . CHAPTEE V. ' THAT KEY.' Constable Jeremiah Bouncem — a consequential person, fully alive to bis ovrn merits and the im portant part he had to play as principal witness — fc«-ok the book with i^ich unction, inclined one ear to the coroner's cle- k as he pronounced the oath, made the required solemn reply, and be gan— * On Tuesday morning, at about a quarter-past one, I was on duty in Hyde Park. It was very dark, and the wind blew strongly from the south west. Mv beat is from Prince Albert's statue to the Park-street steps, and I never miss any part of the open grounds in my round. As I had reached the statue xny beat lay through the small path running parallel with Elizabeth-street, from the back of the Supreme Court. Just as I turned into it I heard, not far off, a suppressed Oh ! It ?was not a shriek or loud cry, but appeared more like a muffled sound than anything else; yet it ?was quite audible. It was net the wind. I felt sure of that, and hastened towards the spot whence I believed it had come. I went straight down the side path, and, as I for a moment stood still, listening, I heard footsteps quickly receding towards the cathedral. This spurred me on. I ran as fast as I could, flashing my bull's «ye before me, and thus arrived at the Market street cross, road. I went to the left, and then saw a man lying almost in the middle of the road, some twenty yards from the Market-street en trance to the park. I did not stay to make a close examination, as in slightly lifting the body I became impressed with the belief that life was extinct; but 1 blew a signal on my whistle, to warn my comrades to be on the look out, and ran in the direction I had heard the footsteps take. When I came out in the street opposite the cathedral, all was, however, silent. They had passed away, and, undecided which of the three roads before me might be the right one, I returned to the prostrate man. Another constable presently came up, and then a third and a fourth, when a doctor, living in the neighbourhood, was sent for. The man never moved or spoke. There was a deep wouud iu his left side, and he was quite dead -when I came back. Indeed, he must have been dead when I first, tried to lift him up. He lay in spool of blood, just as he had been struck down; and we discovered, first by the iiehtof our lamps, and later on, by daylight, four distinct imprints of a pair of boots. They were deeply impressed in the mud— two on each side of the place where the body had fallen on its rigit side— and those marks fitted exactly to the boots worn by the prisoner when arrested. The spot was carefully guarded bo as to enable us, if possible, to make such a comparison. It looked as if, during a short struggle, the nrisoner's boots had left thoze marks. A gats lamp within a few yards burned very dimly and unsteadily by reason of the high ?wind. The coat produced is the one worn by deceased. Two button holes are torn, as if it had been violently opened. The inside breast pocKet is torn also, but only to the extent of an inch downwards. In that pocket were found the small memorandum book and the big key produced. The right hand trousers pocket had been turned inside out. The other articles in the possession Of deceased were a silver watch and gold chain, a cambric handkorciiief, a knife, and a pencil case. No money whatsoever, and no purse. The clothes were saturated with blood ; and the coat, vest, and shirt were pierced by a sharp instrument, corresponding in size with the wound. The purse produced was picked up in the morning inside fiie south-western enclosure, 46 yards in a straight line from the place where the murder was com mitted, and Gl from the corner where the two Siain avenues intersect each other. It could without difficulty have been thrown that distance, even by a man running: away, if he turned round trtr a. moment to do it.' After consultation with his client, Mr. Teggeth ' What kind of instrument would inflict such a wound as the one you saw ?' ' A large kiiif e,' was the prompt reply. ' Has any been found ?' ' Has search been made ?' 'Yes.' ' Everywhere in the vicinity ?' 'Yes.' ' You did not arrest the accused ?' ' No. Constable Dizon did.' ' How far was he then from the place where the body lay ?' ' Not very far. At the corner of the Museum. Constable Dixon heard my signal, and caught him, still running fast.' c If the accused had doae this terrible deed — if he had really endeavoured to escape by flight from its consequences — if he had thrown away the purse after having emptied it of its contents ? where are those contents, money or valuables ? Furthermore, where is the knii'e that would tell Buch a fearful tale? You say that four or five constables came up, and doubtless every nook and corner has been ransacked over and over again to find a trace of what you so urgently want — How do you then account for the fact that, notwith standing every step of the accused had been tracked, no &nif; e or other weapon has been dis covered ?' ? I account for it in this way,' answered the wit ness with great deliberation, 'that there may have been two in the business. We believe there were, for other marks than those of his boots were plainly visible.' ? Ah ! Those boots,' resumed Mr. Teggeth, not by any means relishing the explanation. 'Tell me, were the heels or the fore parts deepest im bedded in the mud ?' ' The heels in one place, and the toes in an other ; but in both the full extent of the soles could be distinctly seen.' '? Specify their position in reference to the body.' ♦ On the Market-street side the toes were deepest impressed. Then there was the mark of one boot in the pool of blood on the other side, and close by the body j but this we could not fully identify. About twelve or fifteen inches beyond that there were two dear marks, and both these showed the heels much deeper than the rest/ 'That is to *ay — for we must permit no ob scurity on this point — the former were on that Bide from which, the accused came, and the latter on ttiat towards which he went ?' . ?? - *Yes.' '.Now, you have carefully examined those foot prints. It was your duty to do so, and you did it. But just now you put upon them the con struction that they had been made in the struggle which ended in a cowardly murder ; and, so far from thinking that therein you did your duty, I know that you exceeded it. 'You were not justi fied in assuming anything of the kind, much less to make the assertion to the jury. But, having done so, I require you to answer me this — Is 'it not a much more reasonable supposition than the one you formed that this young man, in the deep darknese, stumbled orer the prostrate body, leav ing the marks of the front parts of his boots, and '' that he then, in the belief that he had fallen across a drunken man, jumped over him, and left the heelmarka on the other side ?' ? ? No reply, The' policeman, with the dogged pertinacity of his class, never to give evidence in favour of an accused if it possibly can be avoided, which is the darkest blot upon their professional character,* looked askance at the Crown lawyer. But he: received no encouragement.- The ques tion could not be opposed, as its objecjt was merely io 'neutralise a former statement. !?$£, ' Do not dilly-dally with a matter eo serious as this,' reproved him Mr. Teggeth, wrinkling bis ' * Any ono who his iad' occasion frequently to be present -u oar courte, both hiph and low, must, admit that this assertion is Irat too well founded. Thc notion seems to be inctainea in policemen thai all suspected persons ought to bosuifcy.^eft if thoyjarc not; for -assuredly as *uoh 00 tfcrv iviost««os regard thorn, and that they Adopt con- siderablc ingenuity tu oJ*siu--c--nTictioii,n--len« vo*etis, the ~rti*5iMifcninln»Iiuidijnarter«ossiona abundantly prove. Thnr nreThowevet, 'not a great deal fetter in England, if ftfeatis* coMoIntiois'aiMi ^S^^S^Sp^-i^^^^^ feMn^enouneodlj UwadigrsituieB ^»t : the jBei&h.;'t&bnjIi; jStiar BovilL after an 'in^rtia^^,^d^nipdjea . awniod^s'lf'tSey tfHcAHo overjihing tentHa'their one prpooaeeSTed notion. vir..th«euilt of tte prisoner. 'brow.' Your -hesitation is only valuable fc? p I ar that it implies the correctness of . bur allevjjnon. But that is not enough. We must have your reply in the depositions. Do you know anything, in the position of those footprints, which is in contradiction to the simple explanation I have given ?' ? * No, I do not.* The response came slowly and unwillingly ; but it could not be allowed to pass on its own merits.' A sting was attached to it. 'Only he ran as if chased by a hundred ghosts, and-V ... ? : ' That will do/ interrupted Mr. Tgggeth. 'We will dispose of that by-and-bye.' {to be continued.) 