RqCrtHAMl'l'ON. MONDAY, JANUARY 29, 1883. THE question of the validity of the pro- ceedings in connection with the late Municipal elections is still open, not- withstanding the severe logic that has been brought into exercise to show their legality. Il is comeiiueii mai, uccauac Alderman Sharples had not been nominated as a candidate till after he had issued the notice for the election, that he was quite entitled to act as Returning Officer till the day of nomina- tion. When the clause in the Local Government Act is looked at, even j cursorily, it will be seen that this isa mistake. It distinctly states that no person shall act as Returning Officer at any election who shall foi»;«« a candidate at such election. The exact words of the clause are :-" no person, who acts as Returning Officer at any election, shall be ot become a candidate for any office at such election." Now the question is did the Mayor (Mr. Sharples) act as Returning Officer at the late election? Unmistakably lie did up till within a few hours of the nomination. The advertisement notifying the election bore his name as Returning Officer. Then did he become a candidate at that election? Unquestionably he did. Again, if the Mayor intending to become a candidate at the election, did, as Returning Officer, notify the election, was such notification legal ? If it were legal Mr. Wakefield's return was legal, and Mr. Sharples' return illegal. If such notice were not legal, then neither Mr. Wakefield nor Mr. Sharples are legally elected. The wording of the clause Of the Act is plain, in that it markedly points out that no person shall become a candidate at an election for which he has acted as Returning Officer ; clearly pointing out that no man having received the nominations of other can- didates, shall himself become a candidate. Now, Did Mr. Sharples do this, or did he not? The advertisement in reference to the election says that--" Nominations close at 4 p.m. on the 24th instant, and the Returning Officer will be in atten- dance from 3 to 4 p.m. of that day to receive them. They may, however, be handed lo him at any time previously with a deposit of ,£$ in nomination of aldermen." Here it is prominently shown that Mr. Sharples could have had the handling of the nominations of other candidates, in direct contravention of the Act, since his name appeared as the Returning Officer at the foot of the advertisement notifying when nominations must bc in his hands ; while he himself became a candidate afterwards. It has been said we must look to the spirit, and not to the letter of the statute. We are quite willing to do ' so, and hold that in spirit the act con- templated the prevention of the very questionable proceeding of which Alder- man Sharples has been guilty-that is, for a person to go on acting as Returning Officer till the last moment, perhaps dealing with the nominations of others, and then himself becoming a candidate. What is the meaning of thc phrase s.hr// heroine, if it be not prohibitory of such a proceeding. The Act provides that the Chairman of a municipality shall bc the returning officer al an election, unless he is "incapable of acting." Now, at the time he signed the official notification of the election. Alderman Sharples was not incapable, but having assumed the position of returning officer he was prevented from becoming a candidate. By bis own act he disquali- fied himself, and the actual Returning Officer in receiving his nomination, made a mistake. Taking this view of Ihe matter, the proceedings were in order and legal as far as Mr. Sharples' nomina- tion, but they were stultified by what took place afterwards. The Town Clerk has power to appoint a returning officer,^^d, when the alder- man appointed by^HEouncil "became incapable or refusea^o act," he was justified in appointing Alderman Williamson. But the latter gentleman issued no notice of the election, and that issued by Alderman Sharples was mullitied by his subsequent action. With reference to the cancelling of Mr. Wakefield's contract-very possibly Mr. Wakefield can cancel his contract and take the legal responsibility-but the question is not, can Mr. Wakefield do this and incur an action at law, but it is, can he thus constitute his own legality as a candidate for election. The Mayor and Mr. Wakefield may have decided to transfer the contract, and thus relieve Mr. Wakefield of his contract under the Council, but to our mind a duly convened meeting of the Aldermen should decide such ancellation, and not the Mayor j and contractor. How can the Council confirm the Mayor's action, seeing that j Mr. Wakefield will then be sitting, and voting on the acceptation of his resigna- tion as a contractor with the municipality. I Besides, if Mr. Wakefield by his own I action could rid himself of his contract, there was no need for him to consult the Mayor at all ; nor is it necessary to get the consent of the Council to the action of the latter. We are quite aware that by section 38, a defective election shall not invalidate proceedings of the Coun- cil ; but that does not relieve the person elected of responsibility of sitting and voting without being competently elected. He may be called upon to show cause under clause 46 " why he should not be ousted of the office." As we contend there was no legal in- timation given of the late election, all the gentlemen returned may be called upon, under a rule of the Supreme Court, to defend their seats. Then again under clause 116 if the Chairman if a Municipality, or Returning Officer, having undertaken so to act, shall be guilty of any negligent act of commission or omission contrary to any of the pro- visions of the part of the Act referring to elections, he shall he liable to a penally not exceeding fifty pounds. Now it is a moot poinl whether both Alderman Sharples and Williamson have not been guilty of negligence-the former in acting for a time as Returning Officer, and then becoming a candidate ; and the latter in receiving Alderman Sharples' nomination,-or, indeed, any of the nominations, without having issued notice of the election. Upon considering the numerous ques- tions raised, we think our readers will share our opinion that there has been culpable carelessness in connection with >U~ I-fT »Wlinn Of co»« it may SUÍt the book of interested persons to say "What is the use of raising a row; whether the councillors be properly elected or not will not invalidate the pro- ceedings of the Council." That is quite true, and we have no objections to the gentlemen supposed to be elected ; but in matters of this kind, we hold it to be of the utmost importance the law should be strictly adhered to. No gentleman, who, so far as he is personally concerned, has acted fairly and honestly, in order to secure the honour of a seat io the Council, should be exposed to an action of " Ouster of Office," through the carelessness of any official. Besides, it will be open to an elector al any time to raise such an action, and cause councillors consider- able trouble and expense. People may scout the idea of such a thing, but gentlemen who give their time and services freely to the performance of public duties, should be protected from the possibility of annoyance. We have no guarantee that this will be the case, if the Local Government Act, is not under- stood and acted on. It is not in any spirit of fault finding, but to secure purity of election, that we have referred to the irregularities noticed. TUE Brisbane Hospital bas lately attracted oonsiderable attention, and tho Committee of Management have decided to put the institu- tion on a proper footing. Being mostly men, seemingly, with exalted ideas of their own wisdom, the metropolitan faculty have hit upon the idea that if the visiting staff of surgeons be placed in authority over the resident surgeon, matters will go along smoothly. Thia system was tried in the Mel- bourne Hospital, and increased the death-rate there beyond the expectations of even thc most sanguine undertaker. Now the Brisbane hospital is about two miles out of the town, and wc will suppose that a serious case nf accident arrives. Thc resident surgeons either soothe thc patient down, scrape a little of thc mud off him if he has been run over, or else let him lie, and messengers are sent off to rally tho honorary medical stall. While these gentle- men, who, it may bc, are attending their private practice, arc being collected from all points of the compase, the patient suffers untold agony, or possibly gives (lp the ghost altogether. If, say, a typhoid case comes in-well, it is necessary that the physi- cian should see the patient at least three times during the first twenty-four hours. This being the case, it is pleasant to think ol an honorary physician driving two miles out ami back from his private residenoe, during a day. Our local hospital is in such a first class and satibfactnry condition, that we eau quite alford to grow funny over the Brisbane one, and offer a little fatherly advice. From a selfish point of view, the lVeas might be prompted to advocate Hie system of placing resident hospital surgeons under tho control of the honorary physicians, because there would be BO much squabbling in the hospitals, and so innny fatal tormina, ti'im ti accident cases. This, it will be seen, would furnish many sensational paragraphs, but it is our pride to rise above pcrsuunl considerations. Thus even thc pros pects of thu eurgoonfl nuarrulliug with each utlwr daily, and frightfully inlurustiii;; deaths occurring frequently, do not CIUIHO US Iq advocate placing tho resilient medical staff under the visiting surgeons. The Brisbane hospital committee advise a trial of tho prac- tice, and so doubt before hag interesting remits may come under notice, ExraAORDiKaRv. though (he statement ?eenie to soma, it-«ornes to na {rom the Superintendent Of the Immigration Dépôt, and therefore should be thoroughly reliable. It is this : That the rate of «ragea offered to Immigrants has risen considerably since the introduction of Kanaka labour. There is hardly any necessity to remark much upon this, the {act is unmistakeable, and should silence those ? thickatidthin opponents of coloured labour. Looking at the question cf employing Coolies on the sugar plantations, it «rill be seen that so long as these men are employed in only such work as white men won't undertake, they must have tho effect of increasing the demand for white labour, lt must bc remembered that, say for picking coffee, white men are unavailable ; the work could not possibily be sufficiently remunera- tive to pay them, and yet leave the planter a fair profit. The same with sugar-it simply would not pay ta employ whito men among tho canes, and we have too much respect for the Bristish workman to ever hope that he would work far thc paltry wages, which can alone be offered for this class of employment. But let us suppose that cheap black labour is em- ployed where white is unavailable, suppose that thuB sugar and coffee plantations prosper, this must necessarily increase the demand for. machinery and appliances, in the construction of which white mechanics are employed. It is au unmistakeable fact that with tho growth of the sugar industry the iron trades have im- proved, and undoubtedly the building trade j would also increase. When Kanakas were first introduced there waa the usual cry out against black labour, but the effect of it has boen to raise white men's wages. When Mr. Brookes defied any one to point him to a pros- perous country where black labour was employed, he forgot lodia, and possibly forgot this country where Kanakas are in service. THE Customs collections at this port from the 22ad to the 27th iastsut iaolusive, amounted to f1026 Us. ii. SOBS nice specimens of the rose-apple were brought to our office on Saturday by Ur. Goebel, ' Silverhill, Mount Hedlow ' Road. They had the odour of roses, and a pleasant taste. The tree, which ÍB now producing a full crop, has been planted five years. OH Saturday afternoon, at North Rockhamp- ton, a hundred yards' foot-race took plaoe between two amateurs, Messrs. A. Boldeman and W. Belfield. Boldeman assumed the lead at the start, was nveer passed, and won oleverly by over a yard. Time, ll secs. Toe early Closing Association has arranged with the Mastodon Minstrel Company for their band to play selections in the Cremorne Gardens, on Wednesday afternoon next. A programme of amusements will be published to-morrow, and the Committee is endeavouring to provide rational enjoyment on the half holiday for thc emancipated employees. A Government Gazette Extraordinary was issued on Wednesday notifying that " Her Majesty the Queen has been graciously pleased to appoint the Honourable Thomas M'IL wraith to be an ordinary member of the second-class, or a Knight Commander, o! the most distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George. NOTWITHSTANDING all that has been said and written about the danger of allowing goats and cattle to wander about tho roads ia the municipality, no remedy for it has yet been put in force. The Inspector of Nuisances seems to be comparatively powerless to prevent it. A case has occurred that we hope will be the meanB of stirring np. our muni- cipal authorities to a sense of their responsi- bility in this matter. At an early hour yesterday morning, a gentleman residing on tho Range was unexpectedly called upon to go for a doctor and a norse. In returning with the latter, and driving smartly of course, the horse and buggy come upon a oow slumbering on tbe road.' There was a sharp collision, the result of. which was the occupants of the vehicle were thrown out, and one of them severely injured. In this case we hope an action will be raised against the members of the Council, as there can be no doubt they, by their negligence, contributed to the accident. SEVERAL antidotes have been proposed for the conversion of our young men from a too fond attachment to fire-water. Matrimony has been suggested but the sinners have replied-" there is none here to marry." This difficulty appears to be the other way round in the northern districts, for the following plaintive appeal is from one of our exchanges: -"Matrimony.-A young lady, age20, wishes to correspond with a gentlemen able to keop a wife comfortably, not over 30. Please enclose photos. Address-"A.B." Post Office, Towns- ville." This is of course a gratuitous advertise- ment, but there being a lady in the caso-well, even newspapermen nave somefeeling. There is something vague about the advertisement, however, for though the lady's age is stated at twenty, it is questionable whether she does not require a young man able to keep a wife over thirty. Mow, there is a difference of having to keep a wife of twenty years and one of thirty. Up to about twenty-five "love in a cottage " sort of existence will suit the lady ; but at about thirty some solid comforts are demanded, and the appetite loses its sylph-lik* and poetical smallness. WHEN Mr. Brookes referred to the treat- ment immigrants receive in Rockhampton, there was no doubt much good ground for his complaint. It appears, however, that ns far as providing suitable food for theBe persons there is some difficulty to be overcome by the Superintendent of the depot. He is not made aware of the precise time when the new- comers may be expected, whian, of course, inconveniences bim greatly. This matter should be attended to, if there is to be any comfort ensured on arrival at Rookhampton. Undoubtedly it is very necessary that during the first evening after landing tho greatest care should be taken to protect the immi- grants from the danger of falling into the hands of unscrupulous persona. Hence the rule of looking the Immigration .Depot, and preventing the egress of the arrivals, or ingress of an indiscriminate mob, is very proper. When this is done, of course no opportunity is afforded such immigrants as have money of purchasing such luxuries as fruit and vege- tables, which they would relish after a long sea voyage. There being nothing to prevent vendors of these articles from selling them through the Depot gate, it may be expected that some enterprising fruiterers will, on occasion, attend. If they do so, the new- comers will appreciate the attention, and the tradesman, no doubt, be well paid. THE limited attendance in the front eeats of the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening last most have convinced the manager of the Mastodon Star Minstrels that tho character of the entertainment on Friday evening did not quite suit the taste of Rockhampton audiences. AB there will be a variety of performances in future, and the errors of the opening night may be avoided, we have no doubt the com- pany «ill draw good houses. The negro minstrel entertainments have lost the attrac- tion which their novelty gave them for a time, but they are still relished as an alterative in amusements. Seldom is it the case, as in the Mastodon troupe, that veri- table negroes are among tho performers, and this fact will interest many. On Saturday evening thc performance was very fair, 'ihr: einging, both comic and senti- mental, wa« full of humour and sentiment, as the pieces rcijuiri;,!. 'Mirri; was »Icnty of go in tho choruses of the former ; ami a nice har- mony aili! Mewling ol voices in those of thc lattur. Thc colloquies were amusing, and |io»s<'iMi"t the 6»ul of wit-brevity. In the socoud part of thc cntcrtaHiniout tue fun was rough st tittles, but it wai uever out of place, and seemed to afford much amusement to a large notion of the audienoe. The Minstrel! aré defer, and Rockhampton people aré not alow toi recognise talent, «o that good homes, ve anticipate, will reward their efforts this week, ? Wi understand that the newly elected Aldermen intend taking their seats at the next ' meeting of the Council, being of opinion that their election is perfectly legal. It has also been considered by some of them that the question of : the validity of their return is a very small matter. ? A MEMORANDUM front the Telegraph Office last night stated all the southern lines were down, and wo are, therefore, without our late telegraphic intelligence. The interruption to communication with the south by wire bas been caused by thunderstorms. Tue supplement to the Queensland Govern- ment Oazetie, issued on Wednesday, the following eales of laud are announced :--On Cth March, at Rockhampton, C town lots in the county of Livingstone, 1 country lot in the parish of Yeppoon, 4 town lots in the county of Plantagenet, 2 suburban lots in the county of Pakington, and 9 suburban lots in the parish of Banana, OH Saturday the weather waa rather hot throughout the early part of the day but in the afternoon a heavy thunderstorm came up and some very desirable rain fell. The lightning was very vivid at times and the thunder loud. Yesterday was slightly warm and iii the evening the sky became overcast considerably, lightning playing around. At night a light shower fell. AT a meeting of the sslection committee, held on Wednesday night (says the Courier) ¡the following team were chosen to play against the English cricketers in Brisbane : - Messrs, Baines, Gowan, R, Dixon, Egan, Gregory, W. Hobbs, Neeson, Nettle, Nesbitt, John Petrie junr., Pratten, P. Roberts, D. Scott, Silvester, Smith, StricV land, Votler, and Wearne.- Emergencies MesBrs. White and Gibson. Umpire-Mr. R. C. Miller. Soorers-Messrs. A. Down and C. Thorne. The uniform of the local team wilt consist of white flannel ehirt and trousers, and white hat with a band of pink and blue ribbon (intertwined). The Government intend to declare Friday, the 2nd February (the day on whioh the match begins), a nubba holiday, and it is hoped that all tho business houses will be closed on that day. \J -JJTHE children of the Orphanage returned irorh their holiday trip to Mackenzie Island by the steamer Fitzroy last Saturday: They were taken by 'buses in attendance from the wharf to their home, and appeared on the way perfectly happy anil Contented. The trip up tho river was a remarkably pleasant one, and all the good things that had been kindly provided for the excursionists were thoroughly appreciated. Too much can hardly be said of the kindness of Oaptain Hunter in the matter; who has shown a great amount of interest in the little unfortunates, several times visiting them during their stay on the island, and exerting himself to Ret donations of eatables for their pleasure. The children looked very hearty, and a little burned with the sun on their return, and no doubt will, for many a long day, re. member their pleasant trip. Mr. Raingér, the Superintendent of the Quarantine Station, waa particularly kind in providing fish during the stay of the little ones, and also kindly allowed them the ase of a boat, which was in oontinuai request, as well as the other one pro- vided by Oaptain Hunter. MESSRS. W. HOWARD SMITH AND SON'S new steamer Moreton berthed at Hie Corpora- tion wharf yesterday afternoon. She left Sydney on Sunday morning, the 21st instant, and arrived at Wewoastle at 5 p.m. Here a oargo of coal was shipped for the Railway Department. She continued her - voyage at 3 a. ui. on 23rd, and anchored in the Fitzroy River on Saturday to await tho tide. She' arrived here at 2 p.m. A southerly wind with high sea prevailed to tho Seal Rocks ; thence to Cape Moreton fresh head winds ; and from the Cape to Keppel Bay thick blinding rain with heavy thunder squalls were encountered. In this rough - weather the ship behaved admirably, and displayed good sea-going qualities. The Moreton ia built somewhat after the style of th» Keilawarra, but, there is more space on deck' aft. She was visited by a large number of persons yesterday who inspeoted her from stem to stern with much interest. We append a description of the steamer whioh is a noteworthy addition to the steam fleet of this port, anil should prove very serviceable and suitable for the trade between N. 8, Wales and the Queensland ports. The Moreton was launched in the beginning.ol August last from the yard of Messrs. W, Walker and Co., of Deptford, and is a' very smart-looking vessel. The best steel is used in the construction of the hull, the dimensions of which are as follow :-181 feet long, 27 feet broad, depth of hold 10 feet 10 inches. This gives a register of 355 tons, with a carrying capacity of over 700 tons. Her engines were made by Bolton and Watts, of Deptford, and are on the compound principle, with all modern improvements. They are of 70 horse- power nominal, and aro expected to drive the ship along at a rate of over 10 knots. During tho voyage from Glasgow the Moreton came along under easy steam, so that no actual test of her steaming powers has yet been hod, though the record of one day's work showed that she had covered 230 miles. She is pro- vided with four steam winches for the out-put and taking in of cargo, and steam is alBo utilised in steering the vessel and for supply- ing the means of ventilation to the saloon and second cabin. Tho latter improvement is a novelty, indeed-the Moreton is the first vessel that has been supplied with the patent apparatus driven by steam for ensuring the thorough ventilation of the berths. Con- sidering the size of the Moreton ber saloon is roomy. It measures 40 feet by 24 feet, and is very chastely fitted up, and painted, light green and gold nicely relieving a white ground, and walnut panels highly polished setting off the whole. Ample provision is made for ventilation, as, in addition to the apparatus referred to the face of the berths is made of jalousies, and there are openings over the tops of the doors to allow of the ingress and egress of air. There is accommodation in the saloon for twenty- four passengers, who will find themselves very comfortably provided for, many of the details in the ship being an improvement on the accommodation usually provided in intercolonial vessels. The second cabin is also a comfortable apartment, and bas room for twenty-four passengers. The officers' and engineers' quarters are amidships, and the crew are accommodated forward. The Moreton has a splendid deck for promenading upon, and, covered with awnings, it will bo anattractivospot for passengers on awarm day. She is commanded by Captain George Andrews, late mate of the Keilawarra, who has received woll-carned promotion in the service. Mr. Murray is chief officer and Mr. A. Jnnner second orScer. Chief Engineer, Mr. J. A. Freiakc ; second engineer, Mr. George Maurice ; third engineer, Mr. G. Garde ; chief steward, Mr. Brown. THERE were no cases foi hearing in the Police Court on Saturday. ALBRECHT FEEZ has just landed, direct from home, 60 cases superior Still and Sparkling Hocks and Moselle (in quarts and pints), equal in quality to the best brands of champagne, and at most moderate prices; also, 100 cases of Morhit's Patent Stopper Lager Beer (in pints). Inspection invited. AUVT. 