COMIC SONGS. (Standard.) FEW inquiries could be propounded so likely to puzzle sages as the question, What it is which gives popularity to comic songs. To some extent it is doubtless, in many cases, the tune ; but many tunes of the most " catchy " sort are written-or more frequently brought to life, for very few comic songs have new airs—and altogether fail to take the public ear. The supposition that comic songs are popular in proportion to the idiocy and vulgarity of their words is at first sight plausible. If anyone will go back over the list of comic songs which a middle-aged man is likely to remember, he will find by what a plentiful lack of wit they have, in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred, been distinguished ; yet their stupidity cannot be set forth as au adequate reason why they have become popular, because many which have not been popular have been equally stupid. Having regard to the modern music-hall " comique '—as it is understood he desires to be called, for so he is advertised-it cannot certainly be any comic force or quaintness instilled into the song by its interpreter. It may be doubted whether the blatant comique, who in the music-hall of to-day shouts out the composi- tion with overpowering vigour, or the silly youth who more or less timidly recites it in decent drawing-room, is the more dis- agreeable object or the two. What must be the mental condition of a young man who will deliberately stand up before his fellow creatures, as young men did not long ago, and yell out invitations to "Come and be a member of the Rollicking Rams," or declare that " Champagne Charlie was his name ?" Yet these two songs must have had an enormous sale, and yielded very large profils to their publishers. At the present day it is said that another idiotic song, known indefinitely as " Tiddy fol lol,", has rivalled former successes. It details the adventures of a personage who " has got ten thousand a year, tiddy fol lol," whatever that affix may signify, and has all the attributes which might be expected to appeal to a popular audience in the Colney Hatch Asylum. There was in the comic songs of a few years ago a more honest vulgarity. The story of " The One-horse Shay" is probably one of the earliest that a man in the prime of life will remember, and this set forth the distress endured by an elderly couple who went to bathe, and whose clothes were floated away by the advancing tide. There was a faint notion of fun in the midst of the coarseness of the adventure, and in the comic songs of to-day there is rarely a sign of fun. The humours of another ditty of the period it was given to few to pierce—the curiously vague com- ment, statement, or reflection, that " Pop goes the Weasel." Perhaps there may have been a meaning in this. Someone knew how and why the weasel popped, and what was to be deduced from such popping ; the balance of British humanity whistled the air or sang the chorus without a sus- picion of its meaning. To this period also belong " The Cork Leg" and "The Steam Arm" narrative songs, the second evidently borrowed from the first. There was a moral in the former. A wealthy merchant, who lived in Rotterdam, was visited one day. when he had " stuffed as full as an egg,'' by a " poor relation who came to beg, but he kicked him out without broaching a keg, and in kicking him out he broke his own leg." The cork leg was the result, and it was so thoroughly wound up one day that the merchant, who did not quite know how to stop it, was unable to control its move- ments. The leg ran away with him, and the legend goes on to state that the man's ghost is still rapidly borne along by the all too perfect mechanical limb. His first cousin, the man with the " Steam Arm," was also the victim of ungovernable machinery. A comic song of about this time was the once familiar " Villikins and his Dinah," which, however, owed its reputation to the effective singing of Robson, the great burlesque actor. She, the Dinah of the legend, was the daughter of a rich merchant, who in London did dwell, and he wanted her to marry a husband of his selection, both gallant and gay. She refused ; to " marry just then she did not feel inclined" was her excuse ; but she was threatened with paternal wrath, and finally was discovered dead in the garden, " a cup of cold poison lay there by her side." villikins swallowed the rest. It used to be Robson's habit when singing this, amid roars of laughter, to pause and pathetically explain that " this was not a comic song." It does not, in truth, seem to have been so ; but Robson made it comic. Later on, at the time of the Exhibition of 1862, came "The Dark Girl Dressed in Blue," one of the first of the narrative songs in which, in the course of many verses, the vocalist describes his adventures in London. The narrator has been very polite to the dark girl dressed in blue, who rewards his courtesy by stealing his purse. This surely is not amusing ; yet the song was sung all over the world, and in spite of the fact that in this case the tune was a very poor one. Since this time, however, songs have gone from bad to worse ; and of late years the matter is only hopeful in view of the accuracy of the proverb that when things get to the worst they mend. Now and again a comedian at some theatre sings what may pass muster as a comic song, and Mr. Corney Grain often introduces a really clever parody—as, for instance, the ballad of the timid yachtsman, who at length screws up his courage to the sticking point, and ventures from Ryde to Southsea Pier, a daring voyage whieh he is afterwards supposed to celebrate lyrically, sup- ported in his general ignorance of seafaring details by the reflection that You can't go wrong in a nautical song, If you say " Yo ho ! heave ho !" But, as a rule, the modern comic song unites to utter inanity a strong vein of the worst sort of coarseness, a fact which certain proprietors of music halls have—usually at the times when they were applying for new licenses from the magistrates—been com- pelled to admit and to deplore. If there were no wit nor humour to be found in other publications the absence of it in comic songs would not be surprising ; but as a rule the only humour in the modern comic song consists in the eccentric fiction of its description as comic. It is anything but what it is called. Some of the nigger songs are quaint, but these seem to be duller than they were. The darkey who in former years described the antics of " Old Joe kicking up behind and before, and the yaller gals a-kicking up behind Old Joe," was wont to introduce a certain element of hilarity into the business which is now found among few troupes of the Christy Minstrels. There was a rattle and merri- ment here, aided, no doubt, by the dance, which was a feature of all nigger songs, for no nigger was supposed to sing—unless indeed the ballad was sentimental—without putting on huge shoes, which sounded resonantly on the boards. Perhaps in " Old Joe," in the brother nigger who was accustomed to "Jump Jim Crow," and in the few well-known compositions of like character, nigger types were exhausted. The negro's delights as expressed in song are somewhat curtailed. He does little more than dance with the "yaller gals." The worst of the decadence of the comic song is that it shows the lamentable taste of that public for which music-hall songs are written. If there were a demand for such things as wit and humour, these would probably be forth- coming. How can a man appreciate these who finds satisfaction in the words—the reader may be spared the quotation-of " Over the Garden Wall "-though here is a merry tune—or "I'll Strike You with a Feather." There used to be a degree of rollicking joyousness about the old songs that went far to make up for rarer qualities. Surely something could be done by the descendants of the men who wrote such songs as " The Leather Bottel," in which the superiority of the leather is upheld over all ; or the hunting song—Warwickshire claims the composition of the lyric—in which the Judge adjourns the court, the barrister rejects cases, the doctor cannot advise, and the clergyman hastens from the performance of a wedding ceremony, each merrily and eagerly declaring, as he turns from Ins ' professional duties, that "We'll all go a-hunting to-day." A new comic song that was not productive of acute melancholy to moderately intelligent hearers would be a distinct novelty. HE was a respectable married man ; rather young-looking, but certainly married ; and after spending part of tho luncheon hour in fruitless inquiries for a "lady help" for his better half, ho retired to the Queen's Park to see how his favourite cricket club were getting on with their practice. He took one of the garden seats at random, scarcely noticing at the time that the other end was occupied by a young lady of something like 12st., whose face revealed that Queensland mosquitoes had but recently welcomed her as a stranger in the land. At length, noticing theso facts, he thought possibly here was the object of his search, and he entered into conversation with her. " Yes ; she had only been a few weeks in the colony. . Three sisters. Mother and father at home," Then, approaching boldly tho object of his inquiries, he asked, "Are you engaged yet? " A soft blush surmounted the pinkness of hcr complexion, and with downcast eyes she con- fessed, "No, sir; I'm not engaged. Sister , Mary's married, and Jemima's got a young man, hut I'm not engaged yet, sir." Her interrogator got up and hurried to his place of business, heaping blessings on the head of imraigration lecturers for "the absurd ideas they put into the heads of the girls."-EN- DYMION. OSCAR WILDE as a critic :-" Sarah Bern- hardt is all moonlight and sunlight combined, exceedingly terrible, magnificently glorious. Bliss Anderson is pure and fearless as a moun- tain daisy ; full of change as a river ; tender, fresh, sparkling, brilliant, superb, placid." SAYS the Pall Mall Gazette :-" The Lord Mayor elect is sadly lacking in the courtesies of his great office. If his conscience compelled him to refuso hospitality to the delegates of the Transvaal, he need not have done so with such violence, notto say brutality, of language." THE Berlin correspondent of the Daily News, telegraphing recently, says:-"At Jena the first performance of the Luther Play by Deorient, representing scenes from the re- former's life, took place with great success, before a crowded audience, including several German princes and the Abbe Liszt." 