GOOD Friday, in the natnral order of things, has returned to ns again, and as the day, which inaugurated that great sacrifice for man, which has concerned, and still concerns, eo many millions of human beings, it is of peculiar interest to all Christians. It symbclise6 a painful and agonising death which befell the Being who preached,and promised, such a splendid herfafter for those who obeyed His mandates, and yielded respect to His precepts; bat it also typifies all that is pleasing, all that is hopeful, to the countless masses which have faith in that sacrifice, and confidence in the bright future which it promises. To these, there are no sufferings, no pain, no agony, to undergo to win the announced toward. Ail they have to do is to believe in Him who endured all this agony, and died, for their sakes; and Paradise is then grasped, without raSr ' Qttatai. anguish preceding that »»Mhly death which, with that hglie? u out the passage mio such beatitude andhappmesB. Who willrefuEe, then, to, regard Good Friday as one of those days in the year peculiarly entitled to sorrowful thoughts on the one hand, but to the deepest and holiest gratitude on the other ? Certainly not the true Christian, who so thoroughly nnderbtends what the words Good Friday mean, and who find, in realising their full effect and import, so much to cheer him, or her, onward through the rough and stormy path of life, and such a gergeous vista- of peace, comfort, and delight opened up to him, or her, when this life is ended. The name of JESUS CHRIST will be strong in all true Christians' thoughts today; and there are reasons numerous enough indeed why this should be the case. As -the SON of GOD,. He suffered much, endured much, and sought trouble in abundance, to extricatefthe haman race from the terrible abyss of Bin into which it had sunk, and from the awful fiat that had gone forth from above against it. As .man, he spoke as never man spoke before or since. His utterances were pearls of wisdom, which astounded the people who beard them, by their profundity and depth, and which generation after generation since have read with delight, and- which generation after generation yet to come will continue to read with the same unalloyed plea sure. For in the whole broad circle of them there is not one single word that can be read without, not ajone spiritual, but also an immense amount of secular, information and benefit bung gathered. They are wisdom concrete and intensified, and indicate the greatness of the utterer, by the superiority of what He had down for both humanity's worldly and spiritual guidance. Nor is this all to justify the faith of .the 'Christian. In the. whole history of the human race, from' the time that history was initiated down to the present day, no human being so pure iu thought, so pure in act, oad.so lofty and grand in ideas, and the giftjof expnes^ag th^ni Bo elegantly and forcibly, can-be found, as the Being who ended his earthly life onjCalfjuy. _fii he died, thuB showii^g how ex- ceptional as haman Tie . was, and how God-like were all his instincts and surroundings. Those who crucified Him would ghrily have turned the current of: public :opinion against Him by pointing out any human weakness he had dhiplaydi, -had he possessed or shown such frailties. Hani enough, indeed, they tried to dothis to placabe die multitude^' and to ease- their coo-: science*. liutHehad been a Man without : guile; He had done ^nothing that could bs tortured into m reproach; -His whole life and all His actions had been so free from impurity and axn that not a word could he eaid against His earthly career, when the Cross had done its deadly work. He stood forth as exempt from all human errors, and (Jin His traducers and cradfiers had; at last to acknowledge. And^so mnst all. acknowledge what their creeds may be, or in what different lights they may regard His appearance-jwfjthis earth, ior neatly nineteen hundred years have now away, and still His fur ame is ffes from - the least attaint, which would certainly not he the case, if He had ever given the slightest possible ground for slander. Whether, then, we regard JESUS CHRIST as a sinless human being, as a philosopher of the highest class, as a reformer of the grandest type, or as the Sox of GOD, .or as all these combined, the verdict must be the same. He was a resident of earth for some thirty-three years, such as no resident ever was before, or no resident has ever been since; and when all hare to admit this, it is hard to understand how by anybody His divinity can be doubted. On this day nearly 1900 years ago, He died the death of a malefactor. He who labored only to do good to man, and only, did good, suffered the most humiliating and agonising of deaths, in fulHIment of the Law and the Prophets. But He was the founder of-a new creed, which, when fairly interpreted, and honestly developed means peace and goodwill to all men here, and eternal happiness hereafter; and the return of the anniversary of the tragedy of Calvary can only, therefore, be regarded with the warmest interest* and with the deepest possible emo.ion. To the Christian there is no more solemn day in the year; an£ may its teachings never suffer the least diminution or efijacement. We have no desire to find fault with anything which the central committee, or the local committees, have agreed upon with regard to what is generally known as the New Australasian Widows' and Orphans' Relief Fund. The matter has been a very difficult one to arrange, owing to the contrary opinions which the subject hap drawn forth, and, therefore,' it would be ungracious, besides being useless, to object, or cavil, now, although there are a few openings in what has been done, to find fault with the arrangements. But we really must say that the delay there has been in affording relief to the widows and orphans is anything but creditable to the committee; and the sooner this delay comes to an end, tbe more reputable it «ill be to those who have in Hand the distribution of the money. As we are informed, not a sixpence of the money raised for these unfortunate people has yet been paid over, the only disbursements yet made being the amounts which were voted to the survivors of the mine disaster to take trip to benefit their health, and to restore their minds to that composed state which was naturally enough very much shattered by the terrible occurrence. Tet according to the latest accounts, the central committee has in hand nearly £15,000, with something like £5000 more to come from the local committees, or £20,115 0s 9 J in all; and the bulk of the first amount has been in possession of the central committee for the last sis weeks at the most moderate computation. Meanwhile, a scheme of distribution has been agreed upon, for it is several weeks now since the central committee adopted the scheme for the purpose, which was laid before it at one of its earlier meetings. Now such delay as this is a little too bad, not only because it shows a want of appreciation of a very delicate matter, but also because it is treating the widows and orphans rather curtly. The widows and -orphans are really in want of assistance, and have been in this want for some little time past; and it is really too bad, in face attempt has been made to remsdy this suffering. To say the least of ,it, this neglect displays a spirit of redtapeism which, however consonant with official minds, is anything but creditable to a committee of business men, who might be reasonably expected to have discharged their duties with more promptitude and consideration. No doubt we shall be told that the subject is in such a fluid state yet, owing to the ignorance of what the Government will give to supplement the fund, and other causes, that the committee is a little "stuck up" to know how to allocate the money which it is intended to give out of the fund to the Creswick sufferers, reserving the rest for general accident purposes. But this plea will "be a very poor one, because the committee has had, as we have said, funds in hand for some time, and, therefore, it could have assisted the widows and orphans to some extent long before this, leaving the more continuous payments to be regulated afterwards, or as the fund developed, or as it became known what would be the total sum, from all sources, of the contributions. Instead of which the committee has sot yet given a sixpence to the widows and orphans; and we can only regard this neglect as . a species of very unkindly indifferentism to their wants; and this feeling is. not weakened in the least by.the resolution come to by .the committee on Wednesday last, to make payments of this sort as from the 1st of March,' because the resolution does not show when the payments are to actually begin, and this is ~ really the crux of the situation. We trust, however, the committee will proceed to aid the sufierers without any more delay, for the money is really required by the widows and orphans concerned. There is plenty of money in hand to follow this, couse; and it will not say much for the benevolent instincts of the com'' mittesif this promptitude is not shown. Kice questions" of interest which the gross amount .-will yields can be dis seel after ihe wolf is tiriven from the doors-of the bereaved ones. - Hut now die widows aqd orphans want monetary hyp;Tmd-in the name of sdl iiiat is rational iet that help be speedily afforded. i There wQl be no publication of The Courier to-morrow morning. In consequence of this annnal custom, we psblihb our usual Saturday's supplement with to-day's issue. Tbis office will close to-day at balf-past ten, and re-open to-morrow mooiingattune o'clock. - The Euter Yolonteer Eacampment is -exjected ; this year to draw together more menders of the Volunteer force titan have the last few. Advices from Queenscliff state that the late rains only hardened the sandy soil on which it is intended to pitch tbe tents, and that the prospects from the cliff are those of fair weather. The site for the encampment is near the- junction of the Geeloog and Dryslsle roads. As*t-Dande> the military operations to be conducted wfflhaveeome relation to proposed plana for I«Rstu>g an invading , force landing on the cant and a«ddug7«o inarch on Melbourne. Tbeiiffisrent corpawill be-disposedon a plan mutOar to that at the laat ^ncunpment, tbe Xlermanent Artillery Corps, -however, ton-, fordog tbe riebt.-wing., It--wili be temembered that at the last encampment the Artilleiy uiloquSo corps exmasedat Queens-; di^ ^rfaile .Ihe main - division of die forces nawncrid at. fiudonsg. The Cavalry Oorpa yesterday went to tbe scepe'of action, theBiUarat and Cressfick contingent leaving Ballarat by a special train, starling at 11 a,m, --ilhe Infantry from this district leaves this morning by special train, starting from o the Western station at 7 a.m., and arriving at Queenscliff at 10 a.m. Tne Ores wick and Ciunea contingent will reach Bil!anit by a special,* tearing Clones at 5.33 &.tn., and Creswick at G a.m. The camp will oE coarse be broken up on Monday afternoon. Their nniforms will pass volunteers only by the special trains to QncCnsclif^ bus on the return journey will pisa them by ordinary trains np to Saturday, 31st March, inclusive. It is expected that about -200 officers and men of the Ballarat Rangers will proceed today to the encampment. JSach member of the Billarat contingent who attends the encampment will receive the sam of 7s for personal expenses. The volunteers" wlio are usable to go to Queenscliff to-day will be glad to learn that, by special arrangement with the Iliilway D^parment, they may go bj the ordinary train on Saturday. Major Sleep, in answer to a request he made to hcad-qnartere, yesterday evening got a telegram announcing that this arran^emebt had been made. _ An extraordinary cass of attempted extortion has come to light at Talbot, the subject of the attempts made being a resident of that town, a Mr Bartlemore, owner of a batter;-, an eccentric individual, and reputed to be exceedingly wealthy. Mr Birtlemore lives alone in a honse adjoining his battery, and about twelve months ago his honse Was broken into one night by a masked robber, who demanded all the money there was in the honse, threatening to kilt tbe owner and barn his'body unless he handed over his cist There were in the honse at the time the turn of £IS in notes and about 1000 oz of gold. MrBartlemore banded over the £1S. said nothing abont the gold, and the rebber, contented with tbe notes, vanished, after expressing many threats of vengeance -if the victim complained to the policc. Mr Barllemore vas satisfied that he got off so cheaply under the circumstances, and made no complaint to the authorities. Some time afterwards he received through the post s letter, citing him to lodge in a certain spot near bis premises the Eum of £50 by a certain time, the signatories promising him if he did not fulfil their injunctions that they would "cut his throat, drag his body to the bus]}, and there bum it." This affectionate epUtle, in which the sender said he was already indebted to the recipient for f 18, was signed, "T Rex, N. B/rae, and J. Fiynn, highwaymen" _ (there was apparently no "& Go." in this firm). Mr Bartlemore made no sign, and after a time he received another letter oT similar import, promising a similar penalty for non-fulfilment of the arrangement tbe writers made. The recipient of the notes bad by this time concluded to pat s stop to the proceedings, and informed the police on what happened. Suspicion rested upon a certain individual whose handwriting and that of these epistles teemed to be identical, but no direct evidence against him was available. Oa Wednesday last Mr Birtlemor^, on going into his battery, found another letter intimating that his life would be short unless he deposited the £50 on a certain old shaft not far from his bouse. In the letter was a bullet, which he was informed was a sample of what the " highwaymen " loaded their rifles with. This letter he duly handed to the police, and, according to advice, he deposited a parcel in the " plant" indicated. Senior- constablc Scullin bid in the ssrnb near the old shaft, and after a long -vigil was rewarded for bis watch by observing an individual go to the old shaft, unearth the parcel, and make ofi. The officer followed and arrested him, and found that his prisoner was the person suspected all along. He took the presumed representative of Messrs Rex, Byrne, and Fiynn, highwaymen, to thB Talbot lock-up, where he gave the name of Robert Citherwood, and was locked np, charged with sending threatening letters. An extraordinary ascideat occurred to the np goods train from Stawell to Ballarat on Wednesday evening, by which the fireman narrowly escaped death. It appears that just after leaving St&well; the engine, drawing nine trucks, was pro-eeding np an incline when the coupling gear between the engine and tender broke. The engine, which had a full head of eteam on at the time, thus darted away, and the fireman was thrown from the engine between the rails. Fortunately he had presence of mind, although much braised by the fall, to lay ps&ectlv; still while the train of trucks passed over him, the impetus of course carrying them some distance np the incline. Scoo, however, the trucks stopped, and commenced a return down the line, bat the gaard, discerning the accident, put down his brakes and brought them to a standstill. The fireman then managed to scramble off eav-ed from following his mate by firmly grasping the handles of his engine, soon polled up, and having returned to the tracks, hitched up and proceeded on his joaraey. Had the driver, as well as the fireman, fallen OS the engine by the shock consequent on the breakage, it is almost certain tbat another catastrophe would have occurred, for the engine would have been nnder no control, and, with full steam GO, would have dashed along nntil an obstruction was encountered. That obstruction would probably have been the down train to Stawell. Yesterday was a very busy day at the Western railway station. Every train, either arriving or departing, carried with it a large number of huliday-seekero, some bent on shooting, others -on fishing excursions, while most* as ciBiial at this time of the year, were on visits to friends and relations. The total number of -departures was 1685, and as the barricade system was in force, the trains were despatched with commendable regularity. Ajb usual when the barricade system is enforced, a great deal of annoyance was caused to residents awaiting friends at the station, and the Voting porter engaged to keep all bnt boua-Jide travellers off the platform had to have all bis wits abont him to resist the interesting pleadings of the manv pretty females who wished to get on to the platform to see their friends away. Oai person, whose nationality was easilv dis coverable fey his utterances, went to, a*ticket clerk, aoa demanded two tickets for "Qunescliff." The clerk, who happens to be a linguist of the first order, complied with the request. Wm. Fisher, aged sixty, was brought before the Town Police Court yesterday, on a charge of wounding, a woman, named Dorptbea Marina Hnie, with a knife, on the 12th instant. There were some ratber Amusing incidents in connection with the case, which arose out of jealousy off the part of Fisher. The stabbing was of a trifling nature, but might have been very serious, judging of the ngly knife used—a butcher's one. Fisher, after the affair, wrote a letter, etating:—' "I hope my ghost will haont her (Snie), tj the day of her daath. My daughter will take all I have got to put me in my grave. Only I Btrack her rib, she would have gone with me." Ihe evidense against Fisher wm clear enough. After an attempt at a weak defence, he was committed to take bis trial at the Ballarat General Sessions, on the 17th April. ^ A report of the evidence appears in our police court column. Yesterday was regular court day at Hie Tow a Polici Chart yet no bench could be obtained until half-pist ten o'clock. ' Mr Williams, J.P., was the only magistrate present at ten o'clock, and a constable was eent to pfoenre a eecond'on^ withont which raril-business cannot be transacted. Ultimately, Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., was pro- •cured from his. shop in Siact street, "tj bis own great inconvenience. Meanwhile, mime- roue Euitors, professional gentlemen. Were ^ kept waiting, and • bitter .compljuuts weremade ori all -sides, amidst en'quiries as to the caUBe of the delay. There is generally a sufficient number of J.P.'s far bjld the court without the presence of the local jnlice magistrate, bnt at holiday times many of the justices of tha p^ace art oat of tbe district, and in view of any such contingency as that of yesterday, arrangement should certainly be made by which^the police, magistrate can alwaya be present in at least one oat of the tvo regidar caart-diyi in the •wejk. Any heavy civil or criminal business generally comes oa on Thursdays at tbe Town Court. Abont ten o'clock cm WeUnesday evening last, • fire, broke out in the kitchen of Hamilton's hotel, Newtown, Scarzdale, and aa it was a wooden building, lined -with -canvas tana paper, t'so flames soon spread, and the whole house was quickly burned down. The owner of the -house, Mr Sharp, the wdlkntfwn coach-proprietor, witb the neighbors, who quickly "came to render assistance, managed to save .most of the bedding aod ; tte win^kwjthe sparks, away frtmi the stables aha coaeh- house, where most of llr Sbarp'e bones and coaches were, eo that the losi was notjto serieos as it inght havc been. " The fire apread eo rapidly that tm boys, who were in bed at the time, only saved one or two articles of clothicg they brought out in their hands; bat hapgiljrnoae tbe inmates were hurt. The building was insured in the Victoria Insurance Company by Mr Rinkin, the Smythesdale agent, bat the loss to the proprietor considerably cxceeds that amount. The origin of the fire is not known, but as the sen-ant had been ironing in the kitchen, where the flames were first seen, it is supposed that tbe lining must have caught in some way, and spread before it was noticed, for vraaa Mtss S&a-rp; had occasion to go down to the kitchen, she found to her astoniebxnent that the room was oa fire. The light of the burning building was plainly visible for a long distance; indeed, the firs was noticed at Rokewood, nearly twenty miles away. The house was first built at Browns in the year 1S53, where it will be remembered by those who recollect Browns in its best days, under the nams of the Black Swan hotel; then it WJS removed to Newtown by the proprietress, Mrs Parker, and the name of the hotel was afterwards changed to Hamilton's, after tbe- proprietor. Thomas Hughes, who has nit been thoroughly sober, it is said, since St. Patrick's Day, was {yesterday arrested by C JOE table Dwyer oa a charge of stealing some articles of wearing apparel from the landlady of the Royal Standard hotel. Cjnstable * Dwyer was informed by a chimney sweep that Hughes had tried to sell the clothes to him, aad he furnished the officer with a description of the vendor. The constable soon came upsn Hughes, and, arresting him on a charge of larceny, lodged him in tbe City lock-up. The stolen articles were found in his possession. When arrested the prisoner was Buffering apparently from delirium tremens. The valuable luggage-of a young lady* named Keirle most nnmistakably went aatray on Saturday last while en route to Ballarat by train. The luggage was placed in the van at Melbourne, and arrived, apparently, all right at Geeloog; but on making application at Ballarat it was found to be missing, aud up to the present the railway officials have failed to find it. This state of things points to neglect on the part of some person. Oa Wednesday la3t, at Egerton, the house of a miner named Charles Hughes was during his temporary absence broken into, and several articles of wearing apparel and £2 odd in cash were stolen from it. The thief got entrance into the iicuse by breaking the padlock fastening the door. ' It was reported to the police yesterday that some clothes, valued at £6, were stolen from the residence of Mr M. Hetherington, miner, of Cambrian Hill, between the " 28 th and the 30th of February." We were unable to obtain any more accurate statement of the time during which the robbery took place, but as the report is signed by a countryman of the famous blunderer, Sir Boyle Roche, it is passible that there is a mistake somewhere in the dates. We present the conundrum in the form in which it appeared to us. It is with great regret we record the death of Mr John Edwards, formerly mayor of Sebastopol, which sad event occurred at Bretonferry, South Wales, about the 2Sth December last. His last words were, "Give me a firm footing, and that will do." The funeral took place cn the 1st January, and (writes a correspondent) " never was snch a sight seen before in Bretonferry. He was buned with military honors, and there was much sympathy shown for the family by rich and poor, he having been so much respected by all." Yesterday being one of the principal feast days of the Roman Catholic Church, tbe altar of the Blessed Sacrament at St. Patrick's Cathedral was decorated in most sumptuous style, which will be continued to- day. On the altar are arranged, in a most artistically profuse manner, candles and Sowers of every available kind, the whole being surmounted by a canopy, on which is inscribed the wordB "O Silutaris Hostia,'.' and from which depends, in gtac-fnl foldB, gold-embroidered lace curtains. The steps to the altar are covered with rich crimson and gold damask cloth. There are upwards cf 230 wax candles arranged on the altar, and when these are lighted—the back ground being scarlet—the scene is truly brilliant. Oa each side from tiie altar to tbe communion mils flowers, shrubs and fruit, tastefully displayed io Coriuthian and Dorio pedestals, jardinieres and other articles of reriu, serve to heighten the efijet. The style of decoration, mostly original, reflects very great credit on the painstaking and ingenious ladies engaged therein. We are requested to mention that many of the beautiful vases, stands, &c.; have been gratuitously lent by tradesmen in the city. The anniversary cf the Weslcyan Church, Ha^dfa. wm conimen-vil nn Smulajr Is V f special services, in the morning and evening, conducted by the Riv. Mr Yoangman, Chinese missionary, there being a fair attendance on both occasions; also, by a tea and public meeting on the following day, which was well patronised. Mr R. Eddy presided at tbe public meeting, in the absence of Mr D. Pender, who was unavoidably away. Addresses were delivered by the Revs. E. O. Knee and Youngman, and Mr John Gilbert. Mr D. Ninnes read the financial report, from which it appeared that a debt of £60, incurred for piiating and otherwise improving the church, had been reduced to £15, and tbat there was £3 15s in hand. Tne Mount Pleasant choir sang several pieces daring the evening, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded them for their kindness—which was proposed by Mr Tasker, and seconded by Mr Dalgleish. Mr Pender proposed, and Mr Goble seconded, a vote of thanks to the speakers, which was well responded to; as was also thanks to the following ladies who bad presided at the tea tables:—Mesdames J. Gilbert, Eddy, Ninnes, Tasker, and J. Richards. • Yesterday evening the museum, la bora tones, and other departments of the School ofMiues were crowded by annmberof ladies, gentlemen, and young people interested in tbe progress of that admirable institution. After inspecting the operations of the pupils in the chemical aad metallurgical depart-, ments, and tbe various scientific instutaents and apparatus, the majority of the' visitors assembled in theJecture-hall to witness the presentation of certificates. Mr Oddie was in the chair, and Mr Bechervaise nas called on to present the testimonials of merit to the snccsssfal candidates who passed the examining board, which he did with some judicious remarks. - First stage chemistry A. H. Mervin, W. T. Gronow, Alexander M"Kay, Stephen Harris, Samuel E. Wills. Sccond stage chemistry—Albert Martin, Sydney Horsley. First stage metallurgy W. T. Gronow, William Riberts, John M. Hogg, Samuel Birrell, O. L. OJden, Thcopbilas Rhys. In the junior chemistry class a special prize of a valuable book was awarded to one of Mr Bmrbidge's pupils, J. Sleeman, only eleven years old, who proved himself the Ijest out of eighty-four pupils. Tais clever and persevering boy is the son of '«r Sleeman, the mining manager of the Wilson's Freehold, aud if the young chemist kefcps on as be going he may yet prove himself to be a Farlday or an Edison. Messrs Lewis, S. Morrison, and the Rev. Joseph TOalktr delivered short aod able addresses, in which they depicted the progress of the institution, which has now some SOOpapils, and appealed to those present to endeavor to extend by every means in their power the advantages -of this grand educational establish meat, _ which is second to nobe iu Victaria, for indeed anything that is not taught there is hardly worth learning. Yesterday was the eighty-sixth anniver- sary of the birthday of tbe German Emp-ror and thefijg at the Ditch'Harry bote!, Main street, was hoisted i|L hoa&r; of®« Imperial Mijes-y. Next Moaiay the Germans resident in BJlatat and district will bold a ejcial gathering in connection With the event. It will interact intending travellers to the old- country to learn by advertisement elsewhere, _ that in order to enter into active competition for second-dasS passengers, the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company have made a reduction in tbe single fare, aryl the exceptionally low reductionequal to more than a third—in second-class return- fires. This company also annoancea that t&ey; intend rover ting to Marseilles n fine of their porte on their homeward voyage. Tius port was the continental terminus ofthe company's line before tbe outbreak of the Fi-anco-Prasaiau war, which necessitated the; diversion of the maiTroute by way of Italy. Passengers for Eirope by tbis compiny'a steamers will have the option of terminating their journey either at Brindui, Ancona, Venice, Trieste Marseilkr, Plymouth, or. London. - Tbe company is now very popular and considerable business is bang done thixragh the Ballarat agency. * ^ ThB Rev. R. Philp, of Ballarat, deUvered' his pjpular lecture op "Love, conrtshin, andmirriags,"at Yendon. traTuesday, 20;h Starch, in aid of the local funds cf the Metfco. diatFree Church. MrD. M. Davies, M.L A., occupied the chair. MrPhilp, in beginning bis lecfeure, said that lie iuuLno intention of tteatiag the subject with lightness or frivolity; while at the same time lie shnMi ber of anecdotes to press ho™ ? Da ®' to say. Ths iectur^ .th£Tea^ "V* 4 chant and masterly manner « tonpoints a 4 of his subj4 saybg^ t V ^ that .nstances of taw^S^1" wanting to-day—such as that sW L° not Saracen Princess, who A'Becket, the Crusader ^rated-G^ • t-rusader, aad , followed him - to London .V kne^ two English words-"GiiW..'^ 1011 . ™ d ? a ,'J' there married founded ths great femily of A'sJS urged the young people pr£sect the solemn subject of iLrriage a h n ^ speculation, and yet not t o ^ f e . ^ tLat marriages were made in Heaven l Eerer use any common sense about it. 't",, to domestic life, the mutual fov^ which is necessary was forciblv £^ *** aud illustrated. The intere tXaTt® f f sustained till the close of the w! wc l }" expressing at its close the fact'that tw'W thoroughly enjoyed it. Votes of Ra-1. tne lecturer, chairman, and choir „ ,0 very well durjug the evening, ^ "™ on the organ by Mrs Smith trith W 1^"® ability), brought the meetingTo a c l S ^ The Buninyong Miners' Ab£ociaticn Jaw to hold sports on feter Monday, « Highland Society's grounds, ^ The amount of pri^-monc-y is £->6 io J the programme are seme new events which have not yet been btfnr! public. As there are some ^ „ the sports no doubt will be the most taming that have been run in the village for some time, and it eiperted tw a large number of the membcrTSTif vapous mining association in Victoria v^l patronise the sports. The foUomng , . the acceptances:—Go-as-you-please—p rf Moyle, A. S^goll, .T R i j D - enD e Easter Handicap—M. M'Grath. D tl-C^ J. M'Grath, A. Stagoll, J. H. Trezte CP Man®, H. Hntchiulon. e ' U F - For many years pat the Bangal farmer, (writes our correspondent) have been pat about by not being able to get tkZ crops threshed nntil Jate in tbe Tms year Mr Birrie's machine, from Cinn over, visited this neighborhood, ailli tT' en-aged by Mesas Griffiths, Green, ami others, and the Bungalitcs took advant!iE7nF it, and at once invited Mr Barrie to visit their district, which invitation he accented and judging from the following results it must have been to him very satisfactorv viz.—Anderson 172 bags, Ferguson OI 4 bam Hollinsworth 70 bags, Lockwood 315 Caisholm 113 bags, Carroll S3 ba-^s Enm 70 bags, A. Romm and Co. 350 bars The work was accomplished to the Satisfaction of all, and an urgent request was mace not to forget the next season. Iu our issue of yesterday a typographic^ error appears in our notice of the tea n,eetine and sacred concert in connection with the Trinity Independent Churcli, which wc row rectify. Instead of the words *' in which he referred to the pastor ss an exalted of Jesus " read—" an exalter of Jesus." ' The following tenders for the publics!'* booth and refreshment booth at theBnninyong Miners' Association sports on Esstsr Monday, were accepted by the committee, viz.:—Publican's bcioth, J. P. Mustow,£oasconfectioner's, J. Sleeman, £1. ' The annuel tea meeting and picnic held oa Friday last in aid of the Waterloo United Protestant Church funds, was not so well attended as on former occasions, but the concert in the evening was well patronised, the school being filled. Mr Laird occupied the chair. At the close a vote of thanka w£& pissed to the ladies, Mesdames Harris aad Robinson, who got up the tables aud also to the singers and choir. We are informed that a challenge has been received by the Hslf.holiday Dnion from the Tradesmen's Crictst Cinh, St Kilda, to play a match in Bilbritou the 13ih proximo. The challenge will be considered at a meeting of the Union, to b: held on Tnesday evening, and, if practicable, to make arrangements. We have received fhis week's Southern Crow, which contains a report of the first part of the Rev. Joseph Cook's one hundred and fifty-tint "Boston Monday lecture," just recently delivered before an enthusiastic audience of 4000 hearers. The Crost has also capital articles on the Salvation Anny by the Bishop of Ballarat and "I.F.H." The latter writer dc-aU pretty sharply with the Pict-ortoji IndtpemfaiU In " J.P.'s" letter in vcstorday'fi issue, it should have been stated that Mr Ling was not aware of the requisition his employes gave to his son, the word "not"' having been inadvertently omitted from the sentence. An intelligent visitor to New Zealand writes:—"Ttiis is the tallest place for credit I've yet been. The whole country, from tbe Government downward?, goes ' on tick.' T thought Victorians were pretty good at raising the wind, but here everyone is master of the art, and the climate is not a bad liacd at it either. I bought a tooth brash the other day, and was surprised at the stare of the shopman when I pat down silver for it. He was evidently "expecting the utual hill at three months. Mind yon, it is a grand country—fine soil, scenery, and climate." The curator of intestate estates has obtained a rule to administer Ihe relate c£ Peter Delre, Egerton, died 2nd February, 1SS3, £73 19s 4d. Miss Alice Rees, who is justly termed the " Australian Queen of Song," will sing tonight in the grand concert and recital at the. Academy of Music. Mr W. J. Hollomy,. who has arranged the entertainment, will give bis popular recitation, "Billy's rose.'.' Mr Charles Holloway will also recite. Misi Essie Jeuycs will give an appropriate reading; and a really excellent concert programme will be rendered by Miss Constance Deorwjn, Miss Fanny Rogers, and Messrs J. W.. Burton, A. Slack, H. A. Doii^iar. P. W.. ll'Nally, and the Orpheus Q ••trteite. Mr • S. Prout will play the cornet obligate to Miss Reea' snlo, " Let the bright Seraphim," and Mr H. West will give the beantifid Ante solo, "The vesper hymn." Mr J. Bailey ii -engaged as solo accompanyist. The Academy orchestra, now so popular, will play severn selections under the leader, Mr F. Eagarde. Such a programme is seldom offered to ths public, and we donbt not that a full bouse will reward Mr W. J. Holloway'senterprise. The novelty of a baby show is announced to take place to-day at the Pavilion, Eastera- Oval, comqicacing at two o'clock, and we understand that over forty mothers have 'entered their progeny for the priz.\ Some ofthe exhibits come from over forty miles away, and considering tbe settled opinion of each fond mother on the beauty and fair proportions of ber own particular babe, ths judges will probably have a lively time of it, particularly if they should wait until after their awaid is declared. The question of the abolition of patronage in the Railway Department (says the Age) has been nnder the consideration of the Minister, but though, no definite action hisbeen takes, indications are not wanting that the matter will be dealt with in a mar.ns satisfactoiy to public opiaion. Mr Gillies has given instructions to the principal beads of . departments to meet and give him * recommendation based on certain general principles wbich he bas himself laid down. This will, it is expected, enable him to mate a regulation which will place more reponaibQity on Ihe beads of departments iu ths matter of appointments. 'When be was previously in office. Mr Gillies (like Mr Patter- son) left it. to tbe beads of departments to make these appointments, and Mr Greene, engineer tf exieting lines, and other responsible officers, bave now been informed that tbis practice will be reverted to, and that the responsibility of appointing officers vill be left to them. Ministers were eng*ce whole of Wednesday (aeys tbe A& ) with tbe psrmaoent heads of the various departments yi revising the departmental estimates. It -is found that the late Government left the finances in a worse state of muddle than was at first supposed. The Treasurer, in fectj, finds himBelf very much embarrassed, and the greatest foresight will require to be exercised in order to again place the finances in a satisfactory state. A telegraphic operator in the employ <£ the PostuDepartmentat Yarrawonga, nameB Arthur Ashmore, was arrested on wanant on Wednesday, on a charge of embezzling s Bum of JES, the money of the Poetmaitar GenataL The accused bas been in tbe service of -the department for about four years. At a special meeting of the committee of the Sandbnnt Fire Brigades demonstration, held on Wednesday ni^it (says the Adtertiaer) a rough -statement of accounts was sannutted by tbe secretary. showing the amonnt (>f expenditure in connection with the aenrKnuftrstion to be £432, and the recap™ £5S5 J Is 3d, laving a balance of something over £150 when some small accounts yet to eome in bave been paid. The recomrnejKUtion of the. jadges that a gold medil » Bafth of Bnninyong, who was • , . the udder race after an exciting (ee>° d c^nsidine, of the Sandhurst r-ntf- "^,, instead of the eilver medal, >'0. 1 ""f .ff.'red for second prize, and that medal should be given to the tte E u.rj^jde, who were third in the H'^flr'.s after "some discussion not entervoting being 4 to 3. Minster of Education (says the Age) '' intcil the following gentlemen as to* , "„fthc .i ipartmental board to inves "'f'The charge* of neglect of daty pro. '-"'i -faioat the head teacher of theMetr- '"'f^e school:-Mr Nicholson, P.M. -i Mr W. Adams (member of the board of advice), and Mr W. C St (h«d master of the Sandhurst Central catt school). .•besring on the duties of hotelkecpera ,;,hVpEblic in the matter of accommoda- •the following case is quoted from the Tr','d «-itl) that he, being the keeper of a b „n inn did unlawfully reinse to admit ^"Xcra'pl. Clerks at Newbnry on 2Sth , ^ icc-^ tn remain and fitav and . j- in his house, notwithstanding that they »-ridv and wiliing and did offer to pay r^e^e. The judge (Baron Hnddleston) a a m»n had a right to go in at any time f-iih- and no hotel keeper had any right t ref to admit him. His lordship quoted S Jjst- ice Coleridge's opinion npon the t that the lateness of the hour was no F W ,J5= and that if the traveller conducted, f? ' jf properly the innkeeper was bound to fait l'.i:n. K'. entually his lotdship said he Jkraciit it talBcient to call npon the de- } aint to enter into recognisances to come j^fc-r judgment when called upon after a ^petition of the offence." The grand autumn show of the Ballaiat Horticaltaral Society will be held on Thnre- ?v anil Friday next, and all entries must 'Q ras<ic before six o'clock on Tuesday craninglac steamer Alert will run from Geelong »j il-lbotime to- day, leaving the former (lUce at S.45 a.m., thus enabling excur- Sonisis by the early train to have a very riesnnt sea voyage to the metropolis. The jaora i'sree are'only 3s for saloon and la fid fjrforo-ci'uiu, and passengers coaling back ,ri]] be t-naWed to catch the last train from (belong. Tie steamer also calls at Portirlirju-n. Ttfions wishing to study the art of "shorti,n j vrili soon have an opportunity of doing ooiA'radvantageous auspices, as Mr Archiiald Reaneiy, late of Glasgow, is about to tjenciisses in that subject in Ballarat. 