MR. J. T. EMBLEY ON SURVEYORS AND SURVEYING IN QUEENSLAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. Sir, In Saturday morning's Courier I read an article headed "Astronomical Check on Bearings in Surveying," by J. T. Embley. I have not a ghost of an idea who the gentleman is, but I don't like, as a professional man, to let his statements go unchallenged. Mr. Embley is evidently a stranger in a strange land, and imbued with strange ideas of surveyors and surveying in this colony; and I hope that I shall not be considered a captious critic, but rather as one anxious to spread correct information. "Good wine needs no bush," and a good surveyor needs no " blowing " to procure employment in this colony. The methods spoken of by Mr. Embley for ascertaining the latitude and true meridian can be found in most scientific works upon astronomy and surveying -- notably General Frome, Chamber's Mathematics, Pro- fessor Rankine, and a host of others. I would stiougl) it commend Mi Linblcv topiocmcthc Hiles md i emulations fi ¡lined foi the guidance of suivt)ois in this colon} He will find a cluisc to the cflect that all sm lev s aie not to be lefuicdto the magnetic mci lilian, but tint Hu ti ne position of new sm vc} s shall benscatamed b) obsination Even suiicyoi knows that taking obsciv itions to tile sun foi tiela milling the mci idian line is fal mole liable to ciioi thm if taken to a stat Mi Embie} tills )ou that sm i ei oi s me not inclined to in commode themselves it night to make sim ob sei Mitions Is lins Mi Lmbley's expeuonce in the liciclibomiug colonies ' I can bindi) bung ni)self to think that Mi Embie) tolls von t'ut an obsenallon to the sun should be obsencd at least tinco boms bofoio noon, nupl)ing that ono taken at tint time is sullicieiit I have no hesitation in stating th it no iiluuici could bo placed upon such au obsin ilion lo asea tain the tino mci lilian bv lhe sun i sei les of obsciv itions should be obsn veil bit«cell the boms of 0 a m nutt 'I n in , an I coi usj c nding iltitutles m the afternoon lo avoid a chance of ciioi in tho obsciv itions the sun s sam diainctei should be obsaied Obsciv itions to stais otcup) less time, and Hu eilculatious mc not neiiil) so volunniioiisiisinthefiiste ise but toeiisuu accu mc) both the sun and st us should be obsencd, tliconeseilesofobsciv itionschcekingthcotheis Besides the Hiles md lelilí itions issued by the nuthoiity of the Sune)oi Genoial of this colon) tosiuic)Ois 1 lecoiniiuiid Mi Linblcv topiocmo two puiipblcls published bv A G Gii"oi), Lsq , G M G , late Suive)oí Geiici il, i elating to latitude and mouth m lines If Mi Liable} is eva employed bac upon woik foi tho Goi a liment lu will find out tint the régulations tue tillite is stuct ni lefeiencc to coi i cet « oi k us in the othei colonies, and I m 1} add that I know that just is much eme is be stoned in gum ding against unsciupulous mai bang emplo)td hacas in the oltlci colonies It is ti ne theie mo c,ood mid bad men to be found in ovei) institution in the woiltl, but Mi I mble) 0U(,ht to considei well befoie ho inilii« Hiu li a lu ñutir ist asset tion about in coircct survejs in this colony. -T am, sir, «ice., A SUltVEYOH. [ Tin most scuous subsidence that has jet happened on Tcmoia (obstives the S/to) is about to talco place within the next few days, and is expected to affect a gleit poition of the Hidden Ti casino and I'olcy's claims at Uppci '1 Linom I he gioimd has been on the move foi the past week, mid the enoi mons picsstuo of tho suiioi incumbent mass niaj bo guessed fiom the fact that last Moutluj 1 ngc 10m 01 12m jil ops weie to some extent dunn into th« haul bottom, composed of clink« is winch ii pick would lundi) touch As might have been expected, the shaicholdeis, lcspccting the waining given them, have let ii id ft otu the daugcious pot tion of the mine, and aie sinking a shaft ahead AVION« st tin mail) anecdotes published ucentlj about («etui d Chun/v, theio is one which lie himself could ucvci i ciato without ixpciienuiigdctp emotion It vi as but a little episodo in his em eel, jet tht intiuoij of it, the Genual was often iienid to saj, iciiiumcd moic hidehblj lived m his mind than otltit nioio hiipoitaut ones A ftw months uftei the signatiut of puicc at Boiilcaux Chan/j was in his scat as de pul) at the Yoi sadd s Ass« mbl), when a messenger infoiiiitd lum that a pot «on taiiustl) lcqiiesttd au nita new about u nuittci of the utmost lmpoi tancc. He went out, and found himself in the picscncc of a gie) hailed, solduilv looking man, dicsscd HI dup mourning "Goncial," said tho latta, after apologising foi distmbmg him, " I lestdt in tho piovinccs I lost ni) son in the dillions of Mans m one of the engage ments which pioccded tho last battle, and, in spito of ni) uiqtuiics, I have been unable to ascot tam w due do feil Ali name," de added, "is a well known one, puliaps jon lecollett mj son Can j ou teil mo wheie he dud ' The Goncial at once iccoginscd the name utteicd, and also that the sou liiquiud aftei had boen taken us a dcsutei and shot bj Ins olden m tho piescnco of the anny Pam ful though it was to loveal the tiutli to tho fathei, Gcneiid Chiuuj did not hesitate, and, with toan in his ojos, dtscilbcd tho wholo cn CHuistaiictH, adding, "It was ni) dut) to mako an example, Monsieui " His companion io maiiicd foi an instant stunned b) the blow , but, rocovcilng himself, ho answeicd (and it was this answci which so stinek the Gonoial w ith admit ation), " Sinco ho had disgiaced himself, you did light, General. Ho is botter dead than dishonoincd. As a parent I niny grieve, but as a Fi enchinan I thank ) ou." ' 