Not Pleased with the Electric light. I'M from the country, where wo burn kerosene oil (which makes a bad smell, if the lamps are not clean and the wioks rightly trimmed) and I've road a bit about electric lights. Ono night, while in town, I went to tho engineers' conversazione (I think that's! what they called it) in the old exhibition bulling, to form an opinion on the olectrio they had there, and I was glad when I got safely out of that sideroom without touching anything, but I studied the lamps that were burning in tho big hall. No wonder the gas was alight as well, or it would have looked awful unearthly. ; I wanted to know what ali those orooked wires were for, looking like a lot of clothes lines, looped and twisted in all sorts of untidy ways. I was told that they could not have the electric light without them, and it was just the same at the railway station (only worse) ; the clothes Unes are looped up any fashion, the lights flicker and jump very strangely. It made mo think I was in weird-land, and I should not have been astonished if a troop of ghosts had marohed out» of tho old cemetery and held a corroboree. It is ridiculous for scientists to have so muoh to say about electricity until they can finish their work pro- perly, and put those ugly v/ires out 'of si«ht. I feel rampageous when I seo them, I feel I wont to hook thom down with my umbrella, and I think I should die if I didnotwrite this letter to you, speaking my mind fully to you on tho subject, soipray excuse your humble servant. ^_._BETTIE IRONBARK. The British war-ship Iron Duke, whioh cost a mil- lion and a quarter of dollars to build, costs nearly a quarter of a million annually to keep at sea. "Count Sawa, of Japan," is toe same on the guests' register of tho Windsor Hotel,New York. The guest is Prince Takohito, tho son of the head of the Arisougawa family of Japan, and a prince of tho Imperial household. Ho is at present travelling in- cognito in America, and is accompanied by Captain Kourooka, of tho Japanese navy. About four years ago, whon Princo Takehito was 16 years of age, he was adopted by tho Emperor of Japan as his son, and ono of tho Imperial palaces was given him as a resi- dence. In 1881 he was sent to the Boyal Naval Academy at Greenwioh, England, and has since that time beon studying there. Last year he made a voyage to the China sea on board of the English war- ship Iron Duke. A inoBt interesting private correspondence between Thackeray and his mother has just been rescued from the curiosity shops by the editor of a leading London magazine. One of the letters was offered to this gen- tleman for £5. He went in search of the person from whom the offer came, and insisted upon knowing how he got possession of the letter. After a little trouble, he learned that the man, who was a dealer in second- hand furniture, had bought an old writing desk whioh belonged to Thaokeray when he lived in Onslow- square. In a drawer of thia writing-desk, looked up, and without a key, the dealer f ound about 100 letters, moat of them written to Thackeray by his mother, and many other interesting private memo- randa. The dealer finally agreed to part with the whole oolleotion for ¿6100, and upon getting posses- sion of them tho editor turned them over to Thackeray's daughter, Mrs, Ritohie. 