The Lover up. a Tree. Well, herc's a situation, For a young man up a tree : With a bull.dog standing under, Looking lovingly at me Il Tread I bi. all tho arts of Cupid; Like a possunm, or a '0oon I What an aspect for a lover,! ' By the dim light of the moon I Came to serenade mo y Julia; Lightly climbed the garden-wall: -' Tuned my guitar 'neath her window, Yonder where the shadows fall: Got as far as " Sleep, my darling,"' When a deep base bow I wow I wow I Oat of tune and time saluted me I hear its echo now. And a snapping close behind me, Warned me a foe was near; So I beat a quick retreat from there, And found a lodgment hero I As I climbed thisa.smooth alanthus, I felt a something tear; Let's see: yes, here's a rent behind:1 I-know how it came there I Plague take the canine creature I Wagging his stiff bob-tail, As though he thought liis narrative " Would finally prevail I But such dogmatio arguments Have no effect on me, And such waggish illustrations With my temper don't agree. Yonder where the snowy curtain] In the mellow moonhlght shines,) Unconscious of my sad mishap, My Julia dear reelines. I would not now for all the world, That abshe should see me hbre, Dangling in this old alanthus, 11 ith a white flag in my rear I . Oh I for a bit of stryohninoa Or a poison of some sort 1 I'd stop the wagging of that tail, And all this canine sport; 'Tis midnight, and I hope if now *A ghost is on the jog, He'll come this way and frighten off This most pugnacious dog. If fairies in the moonlight danuc, " I trust some light carouser Will come and 'play dog' for a whila With this infernal "Dowseri" The merry stars seem laughing In their places up afar, But I am looking downward On a dangerous dog star. When Aotmon looked on Dian, With her naked nymphs around, The angry huntress changod the bold Intruder to a hound, Oh I for the power to change this dog Into a strapping fellow I I'd mount him in a minute, And turn his bark to bellow.. Hark I what is that ?-an old tom cat Around the porch is crawling: Poor Tom I I've a fellow feline For your sad caterwabling I Now Dowser hIears him I ser, be turns I Seek I catch hIim I bite him, Bowser I' Confound the twig I its fastened in The rent within my trowser I Ho's gonel and dog and cat are seen In mad and desperate chase; 'Tie a very proper time, I think, For me to leave this place.) 0 Julia I sleep I sleep sound, my lovel 0 do not wake just yet, To view the rent in my trowsorloons, Made by your canine pet I And if you never waso until My soft guitar you hear. , You'll slumber till old Gabriel's born - Shall break your sleep, my dear I Cnlcnrloon shows the man, as morning shows the day.-Milton. ' 336. 