THE TOURIST. TO AUSTRALIA B7 A MES SAGERIES STEAMER. By Tasma. II. Sc. Denis, the capital of Reunion, which formed our next halting-place, three days' run and three days' toss from the Seychelles, has less local colour than Mahe. Seen from its wild roadstead, for harbour there is none, it is not unlike Hobart. The landing is difficult, and the inhabitants can realise the full force of the words of those who go down to the sea in ships—since the craft lying at anchor beneath are swung up and down as in mid-ocean. When our negro and Arab boat men had rowed us ashore, over long rolling breakers upon which our little boat was swept up and down, as though it had been a piece of drift-wood, we were obliged to admit that the enchantment of distance was necessary to an appreciation of St Denis. Upon close inspection, it turned out to be a decaying French town, as sad as a withered bouquet, or the morning after a night's reveL The houses are built in Australian fashion, with large gardens, and plantations of trees, and verandahs wreathed with scarlet-flower ing creepers—but the feeling of the place is that of a French provincial town, than which nothing can be more depressing, only that here there is a tropical back-ground to warm tire picture, instead of the long straight roads lined with poplars, and the fields divided by ditches, that surround the ville-de-province in France. The streets showed hardly any signs of life. Here and there a lymphatic Creole, with a turban as gay as a parrot's wing, or a bonnet of the Faubourg of St. Denis of five or six years ago. Shoes and stockings were unknown, excepting upon the feet of what Parisian papers would call the," lug life " of the place. The dress of the latter was in variably black, but the young people of colour, of the same station as the Paris grisettes, although they went Bhoeless, dis played as many starched petticoats as a Malay woman of Cape Town. The succes sion of crimped frills that encircled their bare ankles reminded me of the shell of an oyster., Down in tBe tiver we saw more than a hundred washerwomen and washermen beating the linen upon the rocks with broad flat boards like hutter-pata. It was the only sign of active labour we saw. I mistake. In the harbour there was ft' ghastly toil for ever going on—as unproductive and wearisome as the task pf. the DanaideS or of Sisyphus. The harbour is in reality a immature break water, devised for the shelter of small boats, and would soon be choked bythe sand washed in by the great waves fhanwithout. But when I saw it, about whidgqus black heads appeared abo ve this sun These were the criminals tencea, whose dally task i* and carry away in wooden that drifts into the breakw hours a day they, stand up 1 armpits ih the sea, which; weighted like Macbeth's fown into "one red." ' in the work as well It maae^ahugly ocn trast to the free shi^ ^thttwsttl|a to catch the tiravmlimt urtndato convicts at work, ana, to reflect was no freedom and no eaoapefbr a ^^ , was the nearest %f tfawtn 'ttf' ■ mythological hetl th&t; l nater pw^tioe. ■ ^ it wob ttatosfotmUdihto t* . Culottes, at Ifctetime of took back its title of Bourbon with the Re storation. Now it is called Reunion once more, though the inhabitants of Legitimist sympathies prefer its former name. At the time of our visit there was a kind of tem porary reaction against the normal torpor of the community. The bombardment, by Admiral Pierre, of a deserted native village on] the coast of Madagascar had inflamed the military ambition of the citizens of s>t DeniB. and the papers were full of stirring appeals (in academic French verse) to the Creoles to "armervos citoyens," and to re constitute the glory of Reunion by tie appro priation of Madagascar. How this was to be effected, and in what respec the oDera tion was to " reconstitute" the fading glories of the colony was not made very clear, but j the moral of the poem, that France must be 1 op and annexing," it she wanted to save i her prestige, and to prevent England from having [the entire pick of the habitable globe, was very evident. It is the burden of ilie French cry at the present time, and it v as strange to find its far-off echo in this i iistant island. Our next and final halting place be fore reaching Australia was Mauritius, • if which I can hardly say that a forty tight hours' acquaintance, including a survey tit its natural beauties from the most charm ing 8pot in the island, enables me to speak with authority. Still, I may plead as an t xcuse tor narrating my short experience, i bat, excepting for those who have commercial j (lations with Mauritius it is not well known in Australia. Its nearest port of telegraphic t ■< mmunication is Aden, nearly a week's dis mnce by 6teamer, and its only dependable relations with the outer world are carried on t ii rough by the Messageries Maritimes. whose i < >at8 stop once a mouth at Port Louis. It is } 11 quite twelve hours' run from Reunion, which we left at night, so that it was early morning.when'we entered Port Louis, round v. hich the strange mountains of the island tear theircurved and twisted summits. Their nistorted shapes seem to speak of the convul sive throes of their upheaval in a dark vol < ;.nic past, and lend themselves to the legends that have grown around them. Thus a mountain crowned by a colossal knob is vailed the Peter Rot, in memory of an ad miral of that name who succeeded, it is said, in climbing to the top, but. less fortunate than the kings of Spain, who t " Went up a bill, And then came down again," was unable to find his way back, and so died —like Moses—on an eminence. There is an other called the Corps de Garde, whereon— w ith the aid of narrow ed eyes and a little goodwill—yon may discern the gigantic outline of a sleeping warrior, with a casque on his head, and the toes of his military boots turned up—not towards the daisies, but towards the clouds. A vaporous mist veils for the most part the mountains and valleys of Mauritius, and softens to a silvery brightness the strong [ •earns of the tropical son. To this reason 1 ascribe the prevailing tone of the winter foliage, recalling the deep, drill green of an English forest late in the summer, liefore autumn has broken the uniform shade into ; gold. But the atmosphere in which vegeta tion thrives so well is fatal to man, or, rather, man's own folly has rendered it so. Tor many years past the capital of Mauritius, and indeed all the low-lying parts of the island, have been haunted by the influence of | a persistent fever, sometimes instantly fatal, and sometimes intermittent, like the fever and ague of Queensland. Before its occupa tion by the English,who conquered it in 1810, every part of toe island was supposed to be as healthy as some of itstree- crowned heights have since remained, but with English enter I rise came the vigorous clearing of land and destruction of timber, and the goose was killed for the golden eggs in the persons of die unfortunate Mauritians. That, at least, is one of die theories 1 heard advanced lot the appearance of the fever; for, it is argued that by uprooting the forests and buring the hillsides to the torrents, the m habitants became the victims of all die unwholesome emanations of the marshy soil, hitherto arrested by the trees. Mauritius is j now obliged to get her timber from other | countries, and among the picturesque, old l; shioned craft lying at anchor in her har lour there is sure to be found more than <>;e pine-laden brig from Sweden. But it is not only for her wood that she is dependent upon the outer world. Without her regular supplies she would be speedily starved out uiilesB she could live upon the sugar cane. Her beef ootnes from Madagascar, her rice l.om India, and the latter forms the staple n.odof the great majority of the population. In fact, few but people of colour, representing in their skins and costumes all the castes of 1 ridiaj inhabit Port Louis. The old French lamilies, and the English planters and merchants, retreat yearly higher and higher i up the hills, as they are driven back by the | fever. It is like the "trekking" of the Itoera in South Africa. The favourite sanatorium is Curepipe, a mountainous suburb, of which the name im plies restfulness, by connecting it with the peaceful occupation of cleaning one's pipe. In Australia it would be the spot selected for a "campdown" during a day's ride. But the loveliest of all strongholds against fever is' the ' Government-house, known as the R&lnit;, lying 900ft. above the sea; on a sloping eminence, bounded on either side by a deep river-coursed ravine, and set all round by the fanciful mountain summits, as by a crown." My recollections of the Reduit, which 1 owe to the kind and courteous hospitality extended to me by Sir John and Lady Pope Hennessy during our stay m port, are of a charming old house, half French half Indian, standing on an incline, carpeted by vast lawns' of velvety green, over which the tropical shrubs ana shrnblets we cherish in conservatories and drawingrooms elsewhere sh^l hptofasipn of bright colours. The in ' ' 1-Jrof the tropical sun Beemedto blare bm"a certain Bcarlet flower, by which Brthern geraniums would look pale, fOabapel might have borrowed the1 >afent lilac draperies of his Old Testa-1 heroines from the bell-shaped blossom 1 teafp^d the great Verandah pillars. The 1 'he Red nit cover a vast area, s of the " forest primeval,' . prig', nuy have the good fortune to i *■-' a; troop' of monkeys or of deer. ; ry 'opening .yon are Bore to see a fetvof the crenelated mountain je'ibpiiacteristic feature of Mauri-! ' ; jwfv&jr; Will show you thickets ' I strong family likeness to -There is every variety of1 Iptum opt h'te cpw 'rrfcze ; though;,for; join tnrhi? her out keep 'thei* cpWBabhost Sna a fine mUkCy that; Rddultto be eaupfired j iteried systeal^jwt! not; iim atihefbene er the first ekto A treetbkt is very j sk is tbe yacoa or both—long, j hairy foliage. Its fibre—or its fibrous leaf— is woven into sugar-Wgs. and represents the native industry of Mauritius. The jack-tree is another worth remembering. 1 can only compare its fruit to a huge sponge, or cheese dented like a honeycomlC The iKiuibcK> and the banyan-tree grow all over the island. There seems to be no reason why the latter should ever stop. In its entanglement of root and branches one is reminded of the famous Eastern problem of the beginning of the world, which made all things proceed from an egg, but never resolved whether the egg was first in the field, or the fowl that egg, . laid it The island of Mauritius was chosen, as we all know, by Bernardin de St Pierre as a setting for his Paul and Virginia. The inha bitants have adopted these charniingcreationB, and will show you, with all thegood faith in the world, the different haunts of the lover-chil dren. Sir George Bowen, whose imagination was no doubt kindled by the classic senti mentalism of the tale, has consecrated a comer of the grounds' to them, with two running springs, two broken columns, and two Latin inscriptions besides. But a surer ghost of Reduit should be La Bourdonnaye, whose picture, in grey wig, with the small clothes and sword of the last century, painted in the sober manner of David, hangs below, while his spirit, it is said, flits upon occasions through the guest-room overhead. There are many relics of French occupation besides the portraits of the early governors. The pic turesque costume of the native servants, the bare Let, white liveries, and scarlet and gold sashes and turbans are almost reflected in the polished French floor of the vast diniugrooin, and there are suggestions of the influence of the Louis XV. era in the florid carvings of the old mantelpiece. In the depth of winter at Ihduit it is just cold enough to make a great log tire pleasant to look upon, as it throws its warm, red glow into distant corners, and flickers upon the bosoms of immutable Brahmas of bronze—fashioned many cen turies back—or upon the lustrous china of untold age, brought by the present Governor from Japan. Indeed, the chronicles of Reduit might form an interesting pendant to Sir Walter Raieigh in Ireland, a newly-published work, in which Sir John Pope Hennessy deals with Raleigh's career in Ireland from the point of view of th^Tiistorian who has lived in the house of his subject, and dwelt among the influences that surrounded him three centuries ago. Perhaps, however, official responsibilities leave slender space for antiquarian researches at the present time. Though Mauritius is not by any means a large island, being. I believe, between 40 and 50 miles long, and not 30 broad—though it does nor contain more than 350,000 people, of whom by far the greater number are coloured—there are so many different races, religions, languages.interests, and prejudices, that the administration of its affairs must l>e no easy task. It might be seen from the ad dress of welcome to the Governor how much was expected from his rule. The labour question had presented grave difficulties. Since the suppression of slavery all labour is carried on in Mauritius by Indians, who com prise two-thirds of the population, and who earn, I believe, about £1 a week. They are of all castes and all shades, and as they are, for the most part, clad in all their Oriental bravery—with abundant display of ear-rings, nose-rings, lip-rings, toe-rings, bangles, anklets, bracelets, and necklets—they are worth, from an artistic point of view, more than they receive. But from a commercial standpoint they are not worth more, and their claims are becoming a serious difficulty to their employers; and then a number of them refuse to work at all, and degenerate into mere gorgeous vagabonds, starving for rice while their arms are jingling with stiver, and their ears are studded afl over with pre cious stones. Port Louis, as a town, is hardly worthy of its setting in the "summer isle'"—"lying in dark purple spheres of sea." In Australia we should nardly recognise as shops the nonde script stores, filled with a promiscuous assort ment of things so oddly mated that the surest way of obtaining what we wanted was to ask for it where it seemed least likely to be found. The general aspect of the streets did not suggest business in the sense in which we use it There could be no thought of shopping in connexion with the dark, low roofed, ill-arranged magazines, a kind of compound of English, French, and Indian buildings, behind the counters of which strange turbaned heads addressed us in the un familiar tongue known as Creole. Of Creoles, as a race, it would be hard to speak definitely. The term, originally signifying the child of parents foreign to the country in which it is born, is applied in Mauritius to all coloured people indiscriminately. But the Creole language has been classified and brought within grammatical rules. It is, in reality, a kind of slip-shod infantile French, in which, as in all languages, the new significations given in various words are an exposition of the feelings, codes, and understandings of the race that originated them. Creole is full of the influence of slavery on a people that never out-grew its childhood. It is full of half-pronounced words, submissive or servile expressions, and even malapropisfl metaphors. It is like the plantation English of the South- American negroes, but, such as it is, it is the only means of communication between the multifarious races of Mauritius and its dependencies. Even the Chinese, who play quite a different rSle from the one we see them in here, and who represent the respectable burgesses of | the town, must learn to substitute Creole for their native pigeon-English- Amongst the educated classes, who only speak it to their servants, a knowledge of English is assumed. But it doeB not always rest upon fact, as may be proved by the daily papers, in which each language has its say alike. Over the shop doors, or over the strange Indian huts that line the country roads, there is generally'a misspelt list of both French and English words, setting forth the name and calling of { the inmate. But this is' rayely necessary, seeing that most of the trades are carried on out of doors, even to the lathering of a patriarch native by his .barber, No one should'gd to Mauritius without visiting the gardens of Famplemonsses, ah hour's drive from the, port. Theyareamong the wonders of tropical gardens; and whole chapters might he written about the broad avenues rlihj^ \rifh •palms, that riseto a: straight smooth height of 50ft, before break ipg into a'ttoVn of ;ieaves—about the.ihango with its redundant foliage, and tbp nutmeg-; tree, of which the fruit looks like gn apple, l>ut discloses, upon being dpened, a glo&sy; kernel wrapped in a crimabn Web—the buiceof our Housekeeping experience.. And a fetoat deal might be said about the beauty of the place as a whole, apart from any aim at verifying the answers in the "guides to use ful .knowledge" of our school dayB: of the ratines and glades and lavish luxuriance of this i flowery kingdom among gardens. I-, think it iis from this point of view that they ] are inost to be enjoyed, seeing that they cover 7 40 acres of ground, and. as a field for self improvement, become rather formidable. To close my paper with another statement In; figures—for I fear it has been more discursive than practical—I tirni that the exports of ilauritius are represented by something under four millions of pounds yearly, of which the great bulk is sugar, witli a little maruin for ruin, and such tropical spices as vanilla, nut meg. and others, but 1 trust that it will not l>e long before many Australians have seen j the island, as well as the other places I have | descrit^ed. for themselves, and triat the com fort and courtesy experienced on board the new French steamers will bring them speedily into all the repute they deserve. 