THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Thubeday, Juxy 26. The Speaker took the Chair at 3 o'clock. PETITION'S. Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition from the Cor. porationof Glennlg, and Mr. FUBNER, one from the Corporation 01 Moonta, praying for certain amena menta to be made in the Main Roads Bill. l Received. Mr. HOWE presented a petition from thirty-sit residents in the Hundred of Wandearah, praying : that the scrub selectors who ma; surrender their agreements and take twenty-one, years' leases of their land. Listead at 3d. per acre may have a right of purchase at £1 per sere, the annUal rental to be connted-as part' of the purchase-money. Becpivgd gnd read. ADJOURNMENT.-NIR W. MORGAN AND THE ANNEXATION OF THE NEW HEBRIDES. < Mr. Rounsevell, on a "formal motion, called attention to a telegram from Melbourne in the daily papers quoting the opinions of a Melbourne news paper that the attitude of South Australia in with drawing from the otherwise united action of the .colonies with reference to the annexation of New Hebrides was dne to the influence of Sir William Morgan, and he asked the Chief Secretary whether ' there was any truth in this statement The Chief Secretary replied that there was no truth what ever in it MESSAGE FBOM THB GOVERNOR. A message was received from His Excellency the Governor, forwarding "Excesses on votes up to June 30,1383," and recommending an appropriation of the revenue for the purposes therein mentioned. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Clyde) moved— "That the message he printed, and taken into consideration in Committee of Supply," Carried. UESTIONS. It was stated by Ministers—in reply to Mr. Bright, that it is not true, as stated in an English cablegram, that the Agent-Geaeral (Sir Arthur j Blytb) will go to Norway to induce Norwegian emi grants to come to South Australia; in reply to Mr. flAAl Ikr 4lrot- 3tin vannwf In thnf. dovr'a Ps/r»ofes Cogun, that the report in that day's Register with regard to the destitution of newly arrived immigrants end its cause was in great degree an exaggeration: in reply to Mr. W. cd, that the survey for a railway along i the <"'■•■' o of the Military-road wtbb a view of obtai: —g connection with Woodville lias been com C'ed, and that particulars of it will probably be on the table next week; in reply to Mr. Coqlin, that the Engineer-in-Chief inserted a provision respecting Melbourne stone in the specification for the Moiphett-stroet Bridge; that the contract time for the erection of the bndge does not expire until | February, 1884, and that the cause of the delay has been a difficulty in pro .nring stone; that we have suitable stone in oni quarries, but granite would have cost 33 per cent, more than Melbourne blue stone ; that the cash contract price for the Mel bourne stone is about £400; in reply to Mr. Cogi.in, that the question of amending the Real Property Act will be considered in connection with a Bill now being prepared to consolidate and amend the law relating to real property. SUPPLY.—THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The House having gone into Committee of Supply, The TREASURER (Hon. L. Glyde) said — Mr. Fnrner, I am sorry to say that I have not such a pleasant tale to tell this year as I had last year, but I shall try to say what I have to say as fairly and concisely as possible, and anxiously try to avoid any exaggeration on either side. I am quite aware that this colony may be considered to be in rather a critical position, and therefore it behoves the Par liament and myself to be very careful in dealing with the finances of the colony. I shall therefore be more careful than ever in trying to state the position as clearly and briefly as I can, and to avoid painting a picture either from an optimist's or a pessimist's point of view. The Financial Position. We began July 1, 1682, with a credit balance of £87,000, and with a liability in the shape of unex pended balances of £108,000, and we ended the last financial year on June 30 with a debit balance of £76,000 and a liability for unexpended balances of £114,000. Of course it is apparent at a glance that we were worse off at the end of the year than we were at the beginning, and I shall he reminded—of what I have certainly not forgotten—that when I was speaking on the subject last year I stated that the Treasurer of to-day, whoever he might be, would probably have a credit balance of £60,000, and unexpended balances' to the amount of £100,000. (Hear, hear.) So he would have had had it not been for the un expected and remarkable faliing-off in the item of land sales, which failed to realize the estimate by no less a sum than £147,000. Turning to the Ways and Moans—and I have asked the Messenger to lay coplesoftbe Waj sand Means before hon. members— I have no doubt that hon. members will be glad to observe what I now point out, that, leaving out the land sales, tbe other items of revenue have exceeded the estimate by just about £60,000; but, of course, tbe land sales were £147,000 short. Hon. members will observe that to-day I j bave introduced a third column into the Ways and Means, showing at a glance tbe estimated revenue for last year, the actual revenue for last year, and tbe estimated revenne for this coming year. I thought it would be more convenient for hon. members to be able to see all these figures at a glance so as to enable them to follow my remarks, perhaps, as we go along. (Hear, hear.) I tbink, putting aside the particular item of land sales, that we may fairly congratulate ourselves that the other items positively exceed the estimate, although we have had such a remarkably bad year. Customs. I would like to refer to some of the details of the Estimates, and I will commence with the item of Customs. When I brought down my revised Wavs and McanB in October last, I ventured to raise the estimated revenue from Customs from £625 000 to £660,000, and I believe some of my lion, friends warned me that I was a little too sanguine. How ever, I am glad to he able to say that I was just about right, Decause the Customs have realized £668,000. From the Treasurer's point of view that is a very pleasing fact, although from other points of view, to which I shall refer later on, it may not he such a healthy sign. 1 he Hon. J. COLTON—Hear, heir. The TREASURER—Now, on this question of Customs I wish to call the attention of the House to Appendix No. 11, where I bave had set out the figure's relating to our Convention with New South Wales. Hon. members will remember that last year and tbe year before, I believe, there was a good deal of diBCUSBion about this particular ques tion. I pointed out last year that in round numbers I about twelve months ago—tbat is, up to July 11, 1882—we had lost something like £20,000 by the bargain with New Snnth Wales, but I stated tbat it was quite possible that the next six months' work or business might alter these figures considerably. I am very glad now to be able to point out that the six montbB succeeding July 11, 1882, did alter those figures very materially, and if hon. me-niters will refer to Appendix 11 thev will see bow this is set out, for South Australia during that six months actually made a profit on the terms of Convention of £2,761. I bave had tbe figuresmadeupto JulyII this year—tbat is, up to about a week ago—in order to give hon. members an opportunity of thinking about the matter, and of giving tbe Government the benefit of their advice as to wbether it may be advisable to go on with thiB Convention. I would remind hon. mem bers that by tbe agreement made between the two Governments in January, 1881, the Convention ex ter.ds for three years, and will expire next January, and it iB now time for us to consider wbether it will be well to try and renew this on the same terms, and on what other terms it may be possible to do so. Tbe figuresactually bearing on this question in the paper will show that at the present moment, even after the profit made last, we appear to have made —we have made s loss In fact of £16.027—but there is a note attached to that return by the Collector of Customs which I will read" My requests for information to base value of trade with New South Wales over tho Errder made to private persons who used to simply same annually, not having been responded ' to of late years, I am unable to say, with any accuracy, the amount of same, but estimate it to be i about £2,000 per annum, or go much -off loss on Convention shown shove.'' Accordingly, I have fofcen to Mr. Sanderson on this point, and he sayB I take £6,000 off the £16,000 it will be fair, and there is no doubt that we have made a positive loss on this bargain of about £11,000. (Hear, hear.) I may say that when I was in Sydney in February last I spoke to Mr. Stuart and Mr. Dlbbs, the Chief Sec retary and Treasurer of New South Wales, on this very point. Of course I knew the Convention was only lor three years, ard that two years had ex pired, and I gathered from them—at least Mr. Dibbs gave.me to understand that he was not disposed to .renew the Convention with South Australia, on the same terms As before. I dare say, however, that j ■Mr. Dfbbs'e mind was influenced in. that direction by the fact that during the, six months previous to our interview—from July, 1882, January, 1883— there could be no doubt that Sonth'AristraUa'had gained. Mr. Dibbsbad not been long in Office -only about two lOr. three weeks, istid,perhaps, had not become familiar with the'whole thing, and it was only natural that he should nay—No, you are making a profit out of the arrangement, and. I cannot con sent to a renewal on the same terms., Mr. JOHNSON—He wants to dip a little deeper into South Australia's pockets. (Laughter.) The TREASURER—I think these figures will be seenjby Mr. Dibbs, and they Bhow that on the average for two and a half years we have made a certain loss of £11,000; and from enquiry at the Custom House and from one's general knowledgo of what is going on I have no reason to hope that the coming six months will very much alter that position, I shall be glad to hear from hon. members who understand this matter quite as well as 1 do their views.as to whether it would be advisehle to renew the convention with New South Wales. My own impression is that the fairest way to do something would be to try and make an arrangement based on the actual result of the duty that New : South IValea would have' collected on all goods if no convention were in force. By reference to the appendix it will be seen that the total amount of -duty that would have been collected by New South Wales would have teen £103,035, as against £118,000, which we have positively paid to them. I think it may be well for us to consider whether we maynot'tiy to make an arrangement with New South Wales on that basis., (Hear, hear.f I [think it well to mention this question as one of great importance to some of our merchants, and I shall be glad of the opinions of some hon. members on this point. Connected with this matter is the subject of the traffic over the boundary, of which I think Mr. Landaeer knows something. We have had some difficulty in settling with New South Wales over this matter, and this was some thing we dfscnBsed when I was in Sydney in February. The Sydney people seem to think that the convention only extends to the River Murray traffic, but we Bay, and it appears to be plain on the face of it, that it extends to the boundary between the two colonies. However, they do not seem to read it in the same way, and up to the present moment tbey have not acceded to ouif request to place Customs officers on the boundary-line at Thackaringa and the Albert Gold-fields. We have communicated with them two or three times lately, and sent |them elaborate re ports fiom our Customs officers, and I telegraphed to Mr. Dibbs about a week ago, telling him that we had no reply, and that I should be very glad to announce that the Sydney Government had com plied with the request of our Government as to the placing of Customs officers on (the boundary-line. I have had no reply up to the present time, but I hope that that Government will accede to our re quest, which is a perfectly reasonable one. (Hear bear.) Perhaps on this question I may say a word or two about the deputation which waited on me last week,|introduced oy the Hon. J. Colton. They asked the Government to alter the system by which merchants claiming drawbacks upon goods exported to Western Australia and other places could not obtain their money until the actual return of the certificates from the ports to which ths goods were sent, and they therefore pointed out that they were placed at a disadvantage ,as compared with the merchants in Sydney or Melbourne, who can get their drawbacks as soon as the ship is gone away, and save considerable delay and trouble. I was also asked by some of the merchants whether we could apply the same regulation to the trade on the Murray. There I hesitated, and I said I did not suppose the Cnstoms officers would adviBe any thing of this kind. I may say now that the Govern ment have considered the question with regard to the drawbacks on goodB exported by sea to Western Australia and the other colonies, and we will try to meet the views of the deputation on this point. In a few days the special Bill which will be necessary to effect" the alteration will be introduced. With regard to the River Murray trade, we can hardly consent to meet them in the same way. Now, let ine call the attention of hon. members to Appendix 10, which sets out the results of our arrange ment with Victoria about the Border trade. We entered into n somewhat similar arrangement with Victoria to that we bad with New South W ales, and here again I am sorry to have to repeat what I said last year—that South Australia is cer tainly losing money by the arrangement. I pointed outlaBtyeir that we had made an actual loss. I could only Bhow the result of five months' working of tlie arrangement, and stated that we had lost £600. from which might be deducted about £100 received for duties on goods. The return, which is up to June 30, will show hon. members, and convince them, 1 hope, that we have lost during the last year just about £1,000 in consequence of carrying on this arrangement with Victoria. (Hear, hear.) Mr. JOHNSON—Did we ever get the best of it? 1 he TREASURER—No, never. Of course, I happen to be one of the members for one of the South-Eastern districts, and I do not want to do anything contrary to the interests of my own district; but, as the Trea -urer of the colony, I am bound to point out that I doubt very much whether it is worth while to make this arrangement with Victoria. If the tariffs of the colonies were similar it would be a different thing, and 1 should be happy to make an arrangement; but w hen we said an arrangement by wliicu the colony has to pay the heavy duty which Victoria exacts I doubt w hether it will be worth while to continue it. Iiupposethis £1,000 goes into the pockets of the very few storekeepers in the South-East. Mr. HENN1NG—You tare extra railway charges. The TREASURER—That is all taken into con sideration. Railways. Now, I would call attention to the revenue from railways for the last year, and I think we may con gratulate ourselves that the estimated revenue from railways iB exceeded by £10,000. \Ve esti mated last year that we should receivo £477,000, while the actual receipts have reached close upon £487,000, and this notwithstanding the remark ably bad season through which we have passed. I think we may fairl) take credit to ourselves for having not overestimated the traffic on ourrailways. While upon this questiun I will ask hon. members to turn to Appendix No. 20, where the usual state ment appears of the return showing the approximate cost and annual working expenses of and the revenue from railways and tramways. I would call attention to the lines at the bottom. I remem her two years ago, when I was making my financial statement, I wan very pleased to be able to point to a similar return, and show that, by Mr. Hack's statement, we were making something like 3) per cent, over the working expenses of our railways. Now, it is not so much—(Hear, hear)—and, of course, as we push] out our railways into new country we can hardly expect an increased pe-centage of our profits, so to speak. On the contrary, for some time our profit must gradually lessen. (Hear, hear.) Accordingly, if hon. members will look at this re turn they will see that Mr. Pickering, who is now Acting Accountant, makes the return about 2J per cent, above the actual working expenses of the railways, and I Bay that in a young country like this that is not a bad return. (Hear, hear.) Seeing the way in which we have put our shoulders to the wheel, we ought to he satisfied to drive our railways into the country, not for tbo sake of immediate return, but for tlie aike of the great future before us. Land Sales. Now I came to the item of land sales for last year, and here I wish to say a few words. Of course the results ofthe land sales for last year were very disappointing, as, instead of realising £512,000, we oniv received £365,000. To some extent this sadden falliDg-off lias led ns into all our troubles. Mr. TOMKIN SON—Hear, hear. The TREASURER—I wish to say at once, and most firmly, that this is not the fault of the Govern ment. (Oh, oh, and laughter.) Certainly not the fault of the Government. I say the falling-off of £147,000 arose from three reasons. The first of these is the Honse agreeing to the amcdment pro posed by Mr. Bpaglehole last year, wbic.i certainly was not contemplated when I put the figures down at £512,000. By this amendment all the interest payments were swept awav. Of course I am not blaming my hon. friend Mr. Beaglehole, as owing to the strongly expressed opinion of the House the Government accepted the ameudment, aud I do not j wish to exaggerate the effect of the amendment, because up to the present time the effect of the sweeping away of tbe interest is hardly beginning to be felt. I do not suppose that we hare Tost much more up to tbe present moment than say £20,030 by tbe carry ing of this amendment Mr. now E—You have not lost anything. Tbe TREASURER—I am coming to that in a moment We have lost a certain amount of interest already in■ consequence of the passing of this amendment, and the second cause of the falling-off is the natural hesitation of people about going in for purchase of land in consequence of the continual alteration of tbe land laws. (Bear, hear.), Of course the third and crushing cause of the whole thing was \- tbe disastrous failure of the harvest of last year. , Mr. BEAjGLEHQLE— If was. tho surrender ' The TREASURER—T will deal with that'pre sently. In August last, when I brought down the Estimates, I believe wi were all exceedingly san guine as.to the prospects of the season. (No.no; and Bear, hear.) All of us at first were exceedingly sanguine about the season. (No.) My friend Mr. Bowe had not begpn to jcroack then. ■ • Mr. BO WE—Certainly not. The TBE ASURER-We were all looking forward to a twetve-bnshel harvest—{No, no)—and under rhe 1 circumstances Ithinkit is reallywonderful-that we have realized even £365,000. Mr. Beaglehole said the fainhg-off was due to the operation of thesnrT render clauses, but I say that hot a sixpence of this loss .to the revenue is duo to the surrender clauses. It is impossible that itshould be, and/on the con trary, we have received thousands and thousands Of pounds which are included in this £395,000 in con sequence of the operation of the surrender clauses, and if my hoh. friend the Commissioner had not accepted the surrenders as he did we should never have got the money. Mr. FRASER—An easy way of making money. . Mr. BRIGHT—I wish he had not. . Tbe TREASURER—If my hon. friend Mr. Eraser follows this argument he is sufficiently logical to Bee that not a single sixpence of this falling-off is due to the operation of the surrender clauses, and if the Commissioner had not carried out the Act so liberally we should not have had so much. ' ' ; Mr. BRIGHT—I wishhe had not. . The TREASURER—That is quite another ques tion—I am now explaining where we got the money. (Laughter.) Of course I shall be told that I ought to have been conversant with all this, and that when I brought down the revised Ways and Means in 1 October laBt I ought to have altered the figures. Now, I told the House when 1 brought down the Ways and Means that no man could tell whether or not they would be realized so far as the estimated land revenue was concerned by £100,000, and I will ray the same thing with regard to the next estimate. I defy any man to tell to £100,000 what the land sales will realize. We have realized the revenne with only a deficiency of £08,000, as it happens; and in October ElastJ if hon. members will fairly remember the time, everybody was ready and willing to finish off the work as soon as possiblo, and I say it would have been perfectly absnrd then to have come down with any new scheme of taxation. In last October the Honse would only have said that the Government need not trouble themselves, and the figures would have been allowed to-stand. Now, the total revenue for last year was £2,092,000, being j just about £160,000 less than that of the year before, and £98,000 less than the estimate; and this failing off of £98,000 from the estimate is entirely owing to the land 'sales being so much short. Really, looking at the matter fairly and impartially, we cannot be very much disappointed with the result of J last year's work. Expenditure. The total expenditure for last year was £2,225,380 being about £9s,000 more than in tbe previous year, and £76,000 less than the estimate, and leaving £114,000 of unexpended balances. Excesses. The excesses, returns of which I laid on the table just now, amount to £90,242, being very much less than last year, when I had to ask the House to pass excesses to the amount of £163,000. Of course we knew that we bad to be economical and accor dingly kept down tbe expenses as much as we could, andl think we have been successful in bringing them so low as £93,000. The principal excesses I will jost allude to now, and I shall try to explain every single-line afterwards. One of the heaviest I items is that of immigratioi, £18,000. Hon. mem bers will remember when I was speaking on this question last year, and asked tbe Bouse to grant only £25,000 for immigration, I said the Government would not shirk tbe responsibility of spending £10,000, or even £20.000, more than the amount votod if they found the applications were coming in both here and in London from persons who were willing to pay part of the cost of tbe passage in sufficient numbers to justify them. Ac cordingly, the Commissioner of Crown Lands felt called upon to spend £18,000 beyond the £25,000 proposed to be expended last year. Another large item is pensions and re tirirg allowances, which amounts to £10,000 in round numbers—I am speaking in round numbers for the sake of convenience—that is to say, that under the Civil Service Amendment Act a large number of gentlemen chose to take their money and retire from tbe service—a much larger number than tbe Government antici pated. This thing cannot go on for ever; and this drain upon tbe public purse must of course gradu ally cease. Another heavy item of excess is the aid to District Councils, the amount of the excess being about £8,000. This is the sort of tiling that ; must be paid, and the Government took the re sponsibility of this. Railways and Tramways aro credited with an increase of £8,107, Postal and Tele graph Services with £6,700, and tbe Government Printing Office with £6,400. There are other minor items which, of course, we can explain when we ■ cr.me to them in tbe proper place. Now, our actual position on June 80 was that our revenue li l t been £08,000 less than we estimated, and, accordingly, instead of having £50,000 in cash and unexpended balances to the amount of £100,003, I had un expended balances to the amount of £114,030 and a debit balance of £75,900. Of course I need hardly tell hon. members who understand these matters that this £76,000 has been borrowed fioni the Loan Fund pro iem. Population. So much for the past. I now turn to the present, and would ask hon. members to glance with me at 1 the Appendix 13, which shows the usual decennial return of population, imports and exports, and so on. Again, by rather pushing the office we have managed to bring down the figures to June 30, in order to give hon. members an opportunity of seeing pretty well how we stand. First of all, I would aay a word or two about our population, which I was going to say was the most important point of alt, as without population we are nothing. (Hear, hear.) I was disappointed in not being able to an nounce last year that our population had reached 300,000, and 1 am obliged to repeat my disappoint ment, as even now, a year afterwards, I cannot announce that our population has reached the num ber of 300,000 souls. 1 am very sorry to say it, as the population certainly ought to have reached this number and to have turned the corner. (Hear, hear.l^The actual number given in tbe return up to the end of the year, and I believe the figures are correct, is 298,458, being jnst about 9,000 people more than we had twelve months ago. The usual average increase of population by tbe excess of births over deaths is about 26 per cent.; that is a well recognised fact in most civilized countries, and this rate of increase on our population would give about 7,000. Now, the actual number of people introduced at the Govern ment expense, or principally at the Govern ment expense, during the year, was 2,112, so that I am^sorry to have to point ojt that, as fcr as the figures Bhow, very few people have come here at their own exoense. Per haps I may be allowed to say that vesteniay I ob served in the report of the Chamber of Commerce which was published in April last, that Mr. George Boothby, the then Chairman, mentioned that the papulation at tbe end of December, 1SS2, was 299,000. I went to see him to ascertain where he had got his inhumation (rein, because if his figures were correct it would appear as if 2,000 or 3,000 people had slipped away from tbe colony in the meantime. ( \n bor. member—" So tbpv have.") I believe I am cor rect in saying that Mr. lloothby s figures included the aborigines in the colony, while mine do not. Still, the resnit is not very encouraging. Last year I had to lament the fact that only about 400 or 500 people appeared to have come here on their own account during the previous year, but so far as the figures show no one has come here on his own account during the past twelve months; that is to say, that the whole of the increase is accounted for by the excess of birthB over deaths and immigration. Mr. BOWER—More than 900 went away from the colMiy in excess of tbe number who left by water. The TREASURER—That is different from the figures I have. It is, of course, impossible to know exactly how many people aro going backwards and forwards between this and thoatflier colonies over land, so that of course these figures are only I approximate. I nhonld consider myself justlfled in aaylng that in ruund numbers the porra lation of South Anstralb is 800,000. (Hear, hear.) Now, I wish to call attention to this same return of imports and exports. I ventured to make some remarks on this subject last session, and I wish to say a little more about it this year, because I have bad more time to consider the question. My atten. Hon has been called to the question of the balance between imports and exports, and I am confirmed fat the opinion which I ventured to hint at last year that it blnot a good thing—that it is not a sound or healthy sign for a young community like this when the imports very much exceed the exports. (Hear, bear.) If hon. members will look at these figures they will be startled (if they do not know it before, ana probably they do not) by finding that duringthe last financial year we por itively imported two millions worth of goods more than' we exported. (Hear, heard Ton may say that that "was an excep tional year, bat to show the (matter clearly I have taken out the exports for tbelnst three years. - Ebon, membdrs can do the satae thing themselves "in a moment,: and they will find (that during the last three years South Australia has imported three million pounds' .fworth more of goods than we have exported., ' ..... i Mr, BO WEB—Paid for by borrowed money. , The TREASURER—I wish to pat the thinzfafrly and truly before hen. members, and so. I will point out that about' a million or a little more of those importa- have; been Government-goods—railway materials, plant, and so on—which must he -taken from tlrecalculaUon; but still there remains the un doubted fact that South Australia has imported two million pounds worth of gocds during the last three years. I am leaving out the million for Government stores that me have imported. Mr. JOHNSON-*Or required. The raEASUBBB—That I think b anything bnt a sound and healthy sign in a young community like ours.' ■' (Hear, hear.) I know that opinions oilier re garding this point. I am aware that some politic d economists' win say it is a sign oi wealth and pros perity if your imports exceed yonr exports. .< ' Mr. JOHNSON—And so tney are if yon dp not pay for theib. (Laughter.) . The TREASURER—And they poll t to England as an instance; but England is the capitalist of the world—(Heari hear)—afadds quite differently circum stanced from a yonng country. I am also aware that thereb a great deal of soundness in the'proposition I that figures like these may be very fallacious, unless yoa follow the imports ana exports to their destina tion. That b true. I (am an exporter and an im porter myself, and I have some little {practical know ledge—and no doubt plenty of my hon.' friend* aroundtae have as much andmore—but I will say from my own little experience that, with regard to the exports of wool and wheat, the figures qucted at the Customs as their valne at Port Adelaide axe such as the articles realize at home. Mr. HOWE—That is wmse still. The TREASURER—It b a fact, and any exporter will tell you the same thing that during the last three years the Azures given at the Custom House as (he value oi these goods show the value received for them at the sales; therefore these figures are so far reliable. Now then, about the imports. Some of ns know, tro, that when we import goods it is often very difficult to get a profit upon them. (Hear, hear.) Upon the whole the Rhopkeepsrs generally obtain a pretty large profit, and certainly the figures given at the Custom House as the value of the goods at the time of importation are not more than tliey realize. Accordingly we may take these figures as approximately correct, and I venture to say to my friends around me that it shows a very bad state of things when a yonng colony like this, with a mere handful of 300,000 people, imports in three years more than two millions over its exports. I cannot understand the logic of those who take the other Bide. Will anybody say that supposing the figures were re versed—that we had exported two millions more— that we would not have been more prosperous ? (Hear, bear.) It is imnossibie to deny that bet, and 1 cannot understand how some political econo mists try to argue on the other side. I say we are producing too little and spending too much. (Hear, lirar.) That b it in a few words, and I am speaking of individuab generally as well as of the community. I am not now speaking of the development of our puLlic works. That is another question 10 which I will come by and by, bnt on thb particular question I say we are drifting into trouble. Now, with regard to the matter of imports, one of the things which has struck me and other men b why we import bo many articiesiyhich we can produce ourselves. I have taken out oi the Customs retains a few figures relating to articles which I thb \ we might produce by takiqg advantage of our climab ind soil. An bon. member—Protection. The TREASURER—I am not going into the question of heavy protective duties to enable us to try and produce tilings which w;e can import far cheaper, but I am speaking oi the staple produce of Sonth Australia for which we scud to other countries. I have had the follow ing figures picked out, and I will hand them to the Press. During the last three years theso articles have been imported into South Australia, and I venture to say that all of them might and ought to have been produced by ourselves. (Hear, hear.) There is baron, £1,347; hams, £17,383; and butter actually £71,66(1. S Mr. KING—Ton -annot get it here. The TREASURER—Then there is cheese, £81,000; biscuits, £6,000; candies, £98,000. We positively send our tallow 18,000 miles, and then tiring it back again in the shape oi candies made up in sperm or other materials. The Hon. J. COLTON—Is thb return for three years or one? The TREASURER—It b for three years. Tben there is the item—fresh fruits, £34,000. (Oh; dried fruits.) Tea, dried fruits, and brought hero to the very place where they ought to bo made, £103,000 ; potatoes, £90,000—(Hear, hear)—pickles, £24,C00: and for wine positively nearly £100,000—the actual amount b £94,000. I am an importer of wine mysdf. (laughter.) Mr. BASEDOW—Shame. (Laughter.) The TKEASURER—Then to go cn further, there are tweeds and blankets, £340,000. Mr. BEEF—We are going to remedy that. The TREASURER—There is also leather, £61,000. I suppose hon. members will be surprised when I mention the total, and I suppose nearly all the articles I have enumerated might be produced here, more or less. I have left out of thb return many minor articles, and have just picked out those which would strike the eye of any observer who might look into the matter. The total amount is £1,050,844. and i venture to say that at least half that amount might have been Raved to tbe colony and spent among ourselves if tbe people who might produce these things would pay a little more attention to tbe manufacture and growth of these articles. Here we have imported wine to the value of £94,000. Mr. ROUNSEVELL-Wbat a shame. The TREASURER—And we have exported during the same time only £45,000 worth of wine. Mr. HOWE—That is very good; we are improv ing. The TREASURER—I was just going to say that during tbe last of tbe three years we exported wine to tbe valne of nearly £20,000. (Hear, bear.) Mr. FRASER—We are sending away better wine than we are importing. (Hear, hear.) Tbe TREASURER—I was just going to make the same remark—(lniigbter)-that half the wine that comes here and costs £94,000 b not half so good as own. Mr. ROUNSEVELL-Not PreUei's? The TREASURER—Half the wine, I said. Hero is an opportunity lor our fellow- colonists to try and do something for themselves and the good of the community at large. Instead of sending away onr bard money here is tbe proper way to encourage • and develop our industries. The Hon. J. COLTON-Protection. The TREASURER—I say the protection upon these things b the freight from somewhere else — (liear, hear)—it is the protection of our own splendid soil and climate. (Hear, hear.) Is there a finer climate in the world for wine- growing Dan in Sonth Australb? (Hear, hear.) I honestly believe that at this moment —and I have some reason for saying this— some of onr own South Australian wines go home to Europe, are doctored there a little, and are again sold to ns. Mr. FRASER—At double tbe price. (Laughter.) The TREASURER—Tee. I do not know whether hon. members observed in the newspapers a month or so ago a paragraph stating that Sonth Australian wines were becoming quite tne fashion at tbe House of Commons, and that It was quite the thing for members of that House to ask their friends to go to Bellamy's to drink Australian wines. (Hear, bear.) I am not here to advertise m.y particular wine—(laughter)—but, as one who claims to know what a wine ought to be, I say that some of onr Adelaide wines are fit to be placed upon the table of Bny gentleman, and are a great deal better than many of the fiery ports and beastly sherries which some cf us have to drink at the banquets we have to attend. (lAugbter, and Hear. hear.V I sball he extremely glad if the remarks which 1 ha to just now made, ami the figures I have quoted, to shew what wc have imported during the last three years will hare the effect of drawing the attention of some of onr population to the de sirability of giving their attention to the wealth which, go to speak, lies at our feet, if they will only cultivate onr resources. The Adelaide Exhibition. I trust that before the time for the holding of the Adelaide Exhibition comes rohnd the Treasurer of the day, 'Whoever he may he, and I hope it will be myself—ifauyhter)—will not be able to snow a set of Denies like , these.' It is really disgraceful of our colony to say that we had to spend one million, of money on articles which might have been pro-' dnced within a few mi es of onr own dwellings. 1 (Hear, bear.) What are we going to have this Ex hibition fort? Mr. TOMKINSON—Aye, aye 1' (Laughter.) ' The TREASURER—We are going to have it not for the purpose of showing the people who come here What a place this is to send their imports to, bntlpfeBume that we propose holding it Tor the purpose of showing the people Who', visit it what a grandplaco South Australia is to come to and settle in —(Hekr,'hear)—and Secondly, what splendid ez Sorts we have, if they will only bay them, leer, hear.) That is why We are going to hold the Exhibition, and accordingly J hope that we will set to work during the next three yean and show what we can produce in South Australia. (Hear, hear.) Speaking hf 'the Exhibition, 1 regret very much to see that some of our principal men are'sby of having anything to do With it, bdt I hope that they will think a little more over the scheme; because if there is anything which South Australia ought to be unani mous shout it ,is the matter of this Exhibition. (Heart bear.) In connection with this subject,; I may mention an interesting and hot unpleasant fact. In'fooking through the accpUhts of the Loan Fund, I found that we nave an amount of something like £200,000 left out of loans which have ibeen ' previously raised for railway purposes, but which' we can vote for other purposes under a Transfer Loan Bill, something like the one which I brought in two years ago. The Hon. J. COLTON—Is this money In addi tion to what yon then dealttwithf ' ' ' The TREASURES—Yes ; I find that there is a surplus in the case of the Terowie and Pichirichi Railway of about £100,000, which is available for transfer; that upon the Port Augusta and Govern ment Qhms Railway there is about £05,000, which can bo treated in the same way Mr. JOHNSON—Where is it? (Laughter.) The TREASURER—In the Banks. The CHIEF SECRETARY—It is deposited in the Banks. ' ... The TREASURER—Oh, it is quite safe. (Loud laughter.) Then there is £30,000 available from, and voted for, the Narracoorte and Tatiara Railway. 1 am not prepared to-day to lay on the table the actual amounts, bat in a week or two I hope to be abletto do so; but the total is something about £200,000, which will not he wanted for the object for which it was voted, and so it will be available for other purposes as Parliament may direct. I think it is likely we will ask the Honse to sanction this amount being applied for two purposes which I think will at once occur to bon. members. One is for the completion of the new Parliament Houses, for which work we will require £50,000. Only £50,000 has already been voted, and of course, as the contract has been signed for something like £100,000, the amount I have mentioned will be wanted to make np the total sum required. Then there iB £150,000 remaining, which will come in exactly for the purposes of the Exhibition. I am not speaking as a member of the Government at this moment, bat as a Governor of the South Australian Institute. I hope that the suggestion I threw out last year will be carried—that the site of threw out last year will be earned—that the site of the new Exhibition will be fixed at the new Insti tute site, and that Parliament will agree to complete the new Institute in time, for it will form a splendid nucleus to that Exhibition. I believe that question is being considered by some of the .Committees of the Exhibition, and their report is expected to be handed ;to His Excellency the Governor at an early date. I do not know what it will be, bat I see no nann in expressing a wish that they may advise that that site be selected; and I also hope that Par liament will strengthen the hands of the Govern ment, gnd allow them to go on with the work at epee, The Bonded Debt. Speaking of the Loan Fund, I suppose a Budget Speech would not bo complete unless some thing was said about the bonded debt. Tue amount of that debt at this moment is £12,463,400, or just £4210s. per head of the population. I think that twice this session my attention has been called by hon. members to what I said last year to the effect that I thought we might safely go as far as £50 per head in borrowing. I adhere to that opinion. I think we may safely go up to £50 per head, and unless we exceed that we are certainly on the safe Bide. I have beard some political economists lay down this axiom—that in a young country like tins, which of course must borrow money to develop its resources, there will be no great barm so long as the Customs duties will pav the interest on the national debt. That is an important question, and well worthy the consideration of thoughtful men : but I am not prepared at this moment to say whether I entirely assent to the proposition or not, although there is a great deal in it to recommend it to thinking minds. Presuming, however, that it is true we are well within the limits of safety, because in round numbers the interest upon our nationsl debt, nkichlshall ask for by-and-by, is £54?,COO, while tbe revenue from the Customs is £058,000. so we are well within the limits laid down by tbe political economists who believe in tbe axiom I bare referred to. Of course tbe figures I have referred to do not include the loan of last year of £1,438,500, tbe bonds of which are now ) in London in the hands of tbe Agent-General. I would say, after careful consideration, that we do not feel justified in issuing those bonds at SJ per cent., as I hinted last year we might do. Tbe House will remember that the Act woe passed with out the rate of interest being mentioned; bat after carefully considering tbe subject I filled up the bonds at 4 per cent., although there is a good deal to be said in favour of issuing them at the lower rate of 3} per cent. My friend the Hon. Mr. Spence has favoured me with Borne figures and calculations upon this matter, and he points out with great clearness and mathematical accuracy that, supposing we could sell onr 8J per cent, bonds at £92- which we would very likely do—it would without doubt be very much better than disposing of our 4 per cent, bonds at par, because tbe interest saved, if invested at tne same rate of interest, would considerably more than cover the difference of principal received. There is no doubt that upon the amount of a million of loan money something like £35,000 would be positively saved to the colony by the transaction. However, up to the present moment we have not thought fit to make a change lrom the old-established 4 per cent, to S£ per cent. I do not know whether I am expected to say anythiog about the new loan. If I am pressed upon the matter of course I shall have an opportunity of speaking again, and I will be able to make an explanation why tbe loan has .not been floated yet, but I will re spectfully ask hon. members not to discuBs that question unless tbey think it absolutely necessary to do so. We have been warned from time to timo by the best authorities in Loudon that it is unwise to discuss proposed loans in our Parliaments. The loan is not floated yet, and we do not intend to place it on the market just now. Mr. RUUNSKVELL—Tell us when you are going to float it. The TREASURER—That is exactly what I shall not do. (Loud laughter ) Pardon uy speaking in that way, but that is exactly what every Treasurerought to avoid letting ont, became telegrams wiuld be sent home warning the financial brokers of the fact. I believe, I have used the followipg illustration before, but I will employ it again, as I think it is very appropriate. Tbe floatiDg of these loans is something like a game of whist between the ! Treasurer and the Agent- General as partners on the 1 one side, against the Bankers anj the financial brokers as partners on the opposite side, and the less Eaid by onlookers tbe better. (Loud laughter.) The Inscription op stock. I may inform the Bonse of what I believe bas not been publicly stated yet, that we have arranged with Messrs. Glyn & Co. to go on inscribing our stock. Tbe firm inscribed our last stock, and we have agreed that they shall act in the same way with regard to our next loan when it comes out. I am glad to tell the House that since I spoke to hon. members six weeks ego cn this subject I have received information from various quarters, from gentlemen who were able to advise us on the matter, that there is no trnth in the statement that the fact of our having onr bonds inscribed at the Bank of England would make them bring a great deal more. They say that Glyn & Co. Btand A1 in London, and if we bad gone to the Bank of England and had paid the extra price asked for by them we would not have got sixpence more for our stock. I am glad to be able to tell tbe House that, and to know I that we have acted rightly in placing the in scription of our stork in the hands of Messrs. Glyn & Co. I may toll the House that many of the holders ot the older bouds are coiniug to the Agent-General to ask when we - will arrange to inscribe the stock of the old loans. That matter has not been settled yet. It is a large question, became the Government ought not to bapst to any expense in the matter—(Bear, hear)—and we will have to consider what we will do before deciding as to the terms. ! The .Compounded'Putt. ' I may also' mention ' what I believe has .not- been publicly -'stated before. Perhaps some hon. members .notioed about two or three months ago telegrams which mentioned that the Agent-General hail waited upon ' one of the English Ministers abont the reductions |i of the compounded duty npon inscribed 'stock. Z ' will give some explanation npon that matter,' be* | canse it fa rather interesting. I told the House last : yesr, when it passed the Inscribed Stock Bill, that I the compounded date on the stock would be 7s. 6d. 'per cent, under the Imperial Act of 1877.- When I : was in Melbourne some six months ago. Sir Bryan '(PLoghlen called my attention to the fact that the .duty was more than 7s. 6d, per cent-Abat by an .Imperial Act, passed since the. former' measure : fixing that rate . the duty had been j raised to ,12s. fid. per cent, which is rather a . serious matter when you come to mil lions. When I. returned home, I had the <snbject looked into, and we. fonnd that Sir | Bryan was correct—that the dnty had been raised to ' 12s." fid. I telegraphed to Mr. 'Service and Mr. Bibbs at Sydney, askingjf they would join with ns in asking the Imperial Government,to pass a short 1 Act to. remedy this, because the charge seems to > have been made by an oversight, or it is an injustice to the Australian Colonies, as Canada is exempt I from the higher rate. I got Dr. Smith, the Government Draftsman, to draft a memo, on the subject, which I will read to the House. ■ He eaj s—" The Statnte 40 and 41, Victoria, chapter : : 69, 1877, section 3, exempted colonial stock from ; stamp dnty on transfer, on payment by the colony j to inland revenue of 7s. fid. per cent, upon the total i amount of stock inscribed This Act was called the Colonial Stock Act, 1877, and was framed expressly for regulating such Btock, and the duties to be borne in respect of it. But by the Inland Bevenue Act, 1880, section 65, an Act of a general character, this exemption' is taken away and the stamp duty \- on colonial stock is raised to la. 3d. on £10, or 12s. fid. per cent., the amount imposed in the preceding section 68 on municipal stock. Might not this in crease of harden have been made per incuriam! especially as Canada, on which the harden is ex , preBSly imposed by Bection 64, is afterwards remitted to her former rights nnder the Act by the Bevenne Friendly Societies Act 1882, chapter 72, 'section 17. The Government of South Australia ask to have the benefit of a similar correction, or at least to he allowed the like indulgence bb has been extended to Canada, ana to have the composition transfer duly reduced to the 7s. fid. per cent imposed by the Act of 1877." That explains the matter very clearly. The Vic torian Government and the Sydney Government both telegraphed to their Agents-General, and they, with Sir Arthur Blyth. waited npon the Imperial Government and pointed out this grievance under which the Australian Governments laboured through what was probably an oversight, It will be seen that wben we come to deal with millions this extra 6s. per cent, amounts to a great deal of money, and it is well worth our while to ask the home Government to relieve us from it, bat I regret to say that I believe that up to this time the Agents General have not been successful in their exertions. I bave explained this matter fully, and it will be seen that we hare some reason for hoping that the Imperial Government will give way to us, and so considerably relieve us in this matter. Sir Arthur Blyth, in one of his latest despatches, writes that i Messrs. Glyn & Co. have no reason to doabt that they will be able to get the half-crown per cent, stamp duty which we will bave to pay upon the bonds which bave been inscribed returned wben they con tribute the 12s. 6d. per cent, compounded duty, which we will have to pay npon the stock. That will be some hundreds or thousands saved to ns. XHear, hear.) The Estimates of Expenditure. Now, having glanced at the past and the present, let me turn to the future, and say a few words about the Estimates, although I do not intend to go into details with regard to them, because as we go through them in Committee we will be ableto make full explanations about each item. The total amount we ask for is £1,697,413, being about £9,000 lees than the amount voted last year. I will only mention three items, the first being the vote for mam roads. The maintenance allowed for main roads last year was £120,000, but tliis year we propose to ask for only £100,000 in addition to the unexpended balances, which are something very considerable, being no less than £43,000. That meanB that the Boards of Main Hoods will have £143,000 to expend during the present year. The Hon. J. COLTON—What was the amount last year? The TREASURER—You will observe it in the last column of the return. I think the total is about £6,000 If bs than was voted last session, and in these times of economy I feel that the Boards may be very glad indeed that we have been able to provide as much as £100,000 for them. Mr. HAINES—If you had put a little more to our credit it wonldhave been better. The TREASURER—I know this is a great sub ject with Mr- Haines, but I believe in some parts of the colony the Local Boards of Main Roads positively do not know how to spend the money which (is apportioned to them. Mr. HAINES—Who apportions it ? The TREASURER—I don't. Mr. llAINES—The Government? The TREASURER—I dare say that members observe with some degree of interest the line, " Aid to District Councils and Corporations." (Hear, hear.) We have allowed it to stand as before, and when I get a little farther on inmy speech I think hon. members will recognisa the reasons which prompted the Government not to disturb that item at present. In regard to the vote for immigration, we have taken the responsibility of raisii g it from £26,000, voted last year, to £40,000. (Hear, bear.) We have actually spent duiing the year £18,000 in excess of the £26,090 voted. We therefore thought that we should be doing fairly with both parties if we asked for £40,090. Mr. JOHhSON—It is too much. The TREASURER—There can be no doubt that people are ready and willing to come out here and pay their deposits, and therefore I say it would be a pity to shut ourselves up in this vast territory and say that 300,000 people are n population largo enough. . Mr. JOHNSON—1There are hnndreds out of work. The TREASURER—At this moment 1 am aware there is a little pressure. Mr. REUS—It is only temporary. The TREASURER—I believe it is only momen tary, and that in another month it will have passed away. As explained by the Hon. Commissioner of Crown Lands, there is a little difficulty in getting ships oif sometimes, and so they crowd on one another's heels j but that is not the fault of the Government. Mr. COGLIN — Will this money go to briug foreigners btre ? The TREASURER—It will be for British emi grants. 1 will now ask hon. members to turn to Ways and Means. I bave here tried to show at a glance the position of affairs. The first line—the Civil List—is, of course, more than last year, as it includes £2,009 for the talaries of the two Audit Commissioners. The amount is raised f om what it was before to £20,000. I think you will observe, Mr. Furner, that in the third line River Murray Convention is put down at £47,600. I will ask hon. members' attention to this point—that it is put down here, though the conven tion expires next year. Rut if I did not put the total amount here among my expenditure I should bave to take off the £20,000 from the Customs, which I am coming to directly. Then as to the bonded debt, of course I bave to pro vide for 2261,000 more interest there, for we cannot go on lorrowing without paying the interest. Accordingly, hon. members will observe that in round numbers the interest we bave to pay on our bonded debt is £61,000 more than last year. Mr. BEES—Whet is it altogether? The 1 BEASURER—It is £543,786. The total proposed expenditure therefore is £2,349,024, being £124,000 more than was actually spent last year. But I would point out that £72,000 of that is npon public works and railways, which are works of per manent value. Estimated Revenue. Now for a few words about om> estimated revenue. Here I would say I have not altered a single figure sent in by the heads of the departments. 1 thought I would not do so. I have, of course, taken some Eains to ascertain that t liey are tolerably accurate, at I thought I would bring them down just as the departments sent them in, en as to prevint(the idea that I had either pat them up or down to suit'the views of the Government. Customs are set down at (£675,000. On that, I dare say, opinions differ. | We received £058,000 last \ ear, and Mr. Sanderson save be believes we may calculate'dp £676,000 this ' year. ' Mr. JOHNSON—late AfrridMIOmmg. The TREASURER—I say at once I do not expect ' to earn halt that amount in the first half-year up to iDecembei next Between this.and-Christmas will be a dull time. . Mr. JOHNSON—Orders have never been so bad. The TREASURER—I 'am aware the biarket Is glutted: I know it to my Coat, but (.do say that if :we have a really good crop—say ten bushels—we. shall have a roaring trade next •yeuv'itnd here I imay explain what . Mr.'Sanderson has. said—that if ;the Murray Customs Convention is igoing to stop I ,must take off £20,000, as we get about £40,000 in the Sear from it But we have to pay £47,000. Accord igly 1.have left the figures on both sideB as if the convention wms^oingoh, as Bbope we shall be able to make eoine friendly arrangement with New South Wales for the purpose of carrying it on. I may now point out under the head of rents, licences, &e.;, from Crown lands; the 'amount estimated is £103,000, If hon. members will. look ht the details tbey . will see there a ' new ' line. Of course we have taken it for granted that the Crown Lands Bill would pass, and so have reckoned for it on both sides. Hon. members will see that we nnt £6,000 as the probable Tevenue from leases of agri cultural lands in the Scnth-East. Under the same snb-heading, on the other hand, we lost £11,000 for scrub lands, because, of course, the same BUI which provides for the lease of land in the South-East, from which we are to get £8,000, provides that the rent from scrub leases there is abolished, and so we lose about £11,000. Postages and telegraphs show a slight increase, bnt Mr. Todd has gone very care fully into the figures, and says tbey will be realized. In reference to the item ' Miscellaneous I wiU point out that, as I explained last session, it is time to make the Northern' Territory pay up what it owes the general revenue. It then owed £126,000, and we decided to take one fifth of that per annum. I am sorry to say the Territory still owes us one-fourtn of the £25,000 due lor last year, but it win shortly pay It; and I have therefore taken credit for five payments, namely, £31,000. The amount of £40,000 from interest and exchange may appear a large item, but I have no doubt we shall get it. We have already large sains lying at the 1 Banks, and we shaU probably have more before the close of the financial year, and it Will be earning a good interest. Hallways and tramways, £633,000. This appearsa large item 1 The Hon. J. COLTON—Yon will get it The TBEAS UBEB—I am glad to hear the hon. .member say so, as no one In the House knows better i than he what onght to be realized. Mr. Pendleton is sanguine that he wfil realize that amount, and he bases his calculation on a moderate crop—say eight bnshels. If we get ten bushels wn shall earn more; and it is quite time we did. (Hear, hear.) Of conrse, no one can actually foresee what is coming in December, but any reasonable man wUl say that there iB every probability that a cycle of 'bad seasons is over, and that a cycle of good seasons is probably beginning. I am not a sanguine man, as everybody knows. - Mr. HOWE—Tou are improving. (Laughter.) ut I think there is reas The TREASURER—But I think there is reason to hope that the worst is over. (Hear, bear.) The Hon. J. COLTON—What about waterworks? The TREASURER—There is nothing special to be said there. The amount is as nearly as possible the Eame as last year. The Hon. J. COLTON—It onght to produce more. The TREASURES—I have no particular remark j to make in reference to it. That is the'estimate as it is handed in—£60,000. Land Revenue. As Tegards land sales I will call attention to Ap pendix 16, where the sub- estimate is set out, signed by Mr. Jones, the Deputy Surveyor-General. The amount is set down at £316,600. I was anxious not to fall into the same error as last year, of over estimating land sales, and I was particularly doubtful about the item there of £200,000, " com pletion of pnrchase of credit selections." I spoke to both Mr. Jones and Mr. Borrows on that I point, and tbey both assured me I might rely on getting that amount. They said that, supposing every one carried out his contract for completing bis purchase, the amount this year would he two or three times as much. It would he half a million sterling, if not more; and that certainly we could rely on getting tho £200,600. 1 have no doubt of this, and my hon. colleague, the Commissioner of Crown Lanus, wl'l be able to say more on the point, if necessary, afterwaids. Total Revenue. : My total revenue is estimated to yield £2,170,000, or nearly £80,000 more than last year. But we have this debit balance of £70,000 to pull up, and of course the expenses are larger, particularly the bonded debt interest, and so the result appears on the first page of Ways and Means as a debit balance at the end ot June, 1884, of £264,609. That is without the Supplementary Estimates. I have | made enquiries, ana have no reason to suppose that these will be large. We certainly will do all we can to keep tbem down, and I do not think they will exceed £20,000. The CHIEF SECRETARY—£30,000. The TREASUBER-My Chief says £30,000. Per haps it will be well to go between the two and say £26,000, which will increase our estimated debit balance to that extent. I cannot stop here and say this is a satisfactory statement to show to the House —an estimated debit balance of more than a quarter of a million sterling; and we should be unfit for our positions if we bad attempted to do so. Phopcsed Taxation. Accordingly we must ask the House to face the difficult question of taxation; and as we foresaw this, when preparing His Excellency's Speech, we asked him to intimate to the House that increased taxation would be necessary. Now various schemes have been suggested to me as to how to impose taxation in a pleasant way. (Laughter.) I have received many suggestions that one of the bast things would be to impose an excise duty on beer. (Laughter, and Hear, hear.) It is extraordinary to find bow many people think that would be the proper thing; and the fancy duty suggested is always 2d. per gallon, because that is just too Bmall to he subdivided so as to increase the cost of a glass of beer. (Laughter.) It is said that the brewers would be the losers, unless, indeed, tbey deteriorate ! Ibe quality of the bee'. The Hon. J. COLTON—They cannot do that (Laughter.) The TREASURER—Perhaps it would be impos sible—(laughter) -for to put tnore water in it would make it so fearfully nasty that no one would drink J it. That beer tax is very papular in the other colo nies, and, if imposed hero, it migbt bring in about £30,000 a.ycar. However, we must fly at higher game than that; and so I will relieve the minds of I my friends the brewers—we do not proposo to tax | beer this session. (Cries of " Oh!") Then I have 1 (Cries of " Oh!") Then I have had advice from various friends that I should impose a liandEomo licence fee on the Banks, charging each, say £2,000 a year, which would bring in £20,000. But then comes the difficulty—all the Banks in the colony do not rank abbe; what would be a heavy tax on the smaller Banks would be a mere bagatelle to the larger and more wealthy institutions. Accordingly we have dismissed that idea for the present. (Laughter, and Oh!) Then I have been seriously advised to impose a tax on bachelors. (Oh ! and laughter.) It lias been pointed out that there are at least 20,000 available young bachelors in the colony who ought to be married, and who ought to be induced to marry by a tax on them so long as they remained bachelors. The Hon. J. COLTON—They would get married at once. (Laughter.) The TREASURER—It bos bocn Baid that we should thus encourage hi.. . - if thrift, and also lead to an increase of the population—not by immi gration, but by matrimony. They say, "Charge these bachelors as soon as tbey reach twenty-five years of age £1 per bead a year, and make it £1 a year extra for every year till they get married, and you will soon get a lot of money, and an improve ment ,'n +li„ mnralitn nf tho niil.lL. " Tint the 1.1 — „t ment in the morality of the public." But the idea of the Government is to tux luxuries, and I do not con sider celibacy a luxury; accordingly, I dismiss that idea. (Langhter.l The Hon. J, COLTON—You dismiss everything. The TREASURER—Now I am going to be serious. We have been seriously advised to put on a stamp doty. Mr. JOHNSON-No. The TREASURER—I say we have been seriously I advised to do so, and I suppose a reasonable sort of stamp duty, as it prevails in the other colonies, would bring in abont £60,000. But it acts very unequally, and is a great nuisance to business people, and the poorer people feel it more than the rich, and so we hare dismissed that idea. Then we have considered whether we should introduce something like the scheme we introduced two years ago — a property and income tax combined. But wo found that was not quite large enough for the occasion. That might give £60,060, hut we want more than that. Accordingly, we propose to ask you to follow the example of New Zealand, and impose a property tax upon the actual value of all real and personal property in the colony : to the amount of one penny in the' ponnd. (Hear, l bear.) Mr. HO WE—How are yon going to test it f ' The TREASURER—I hope to have ahother op portonlty of going into the details. But I hope hen. : members understand that -we are not going on the annual vaine of the property, bnt upon theactnal value; that Is, one penny in the pound npon every thing in the colony, - teal and personal property, \- from the gentleman b mansion to—— ' "Mr. JOHNSON—Hi8 boote? The TREASURER—Yea, to Ms boots. (Laugh iter.)' We propose to follow Hew Zealand in sayuig that all property uhder £600 shall be free; that iB to say, that a man who has not £800 worth of real and personal property will be tree, from taxation under this Bill, i hope to be able to prove—partly to day, and partly on a future occasion—that our friends in Hew Zealand have by this plan positively solved the problem of the adjustment of the inci dence of taxation about which we have heard so much; and (although the proposition may be rather startling at first) I am convinced that if any thoughtful men consider the question carefully they will see it is a grand and simple scheme. It is ,positively perfect theoretically,,and Hew Zealand has found- it practical and useful, as they have worked it - for: throe or four years, and we shall have the benefit of their experience. As in Hew. Zealand, we propose there shall be an assessment of all real property every three years, and of all personal property every year; and I- hope hon. members will understand tnat the assessment of personal property will be made by the owner. ] There will be no inquisitorial enquiries—no going | into a man's honse and looking at his Bank- book. 1 have written to Hew Zealand on this point, and have received a pamphlet written by Mr. Cromble, . Deputy Tax Commissioner sit Wellington, who has sent me twenty-five copies, which I shall be glad if hon. members will help themselves to as far as they can. I am sorry there is not a copy for each * member: there is one for each district at any rate.' They are exceedingly Interesting, and explain the system well After reading this pamphlet and the 1 Acts of Parliament to which it referred, and talking it over with my colleagues, I began to see it was just about the thing for South Australia. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) Hear, hear. The TREASURER—I wrote to Mr. Crombie a couple of months ago, and I now propose to read two or three short extracts from the letter which he . courteously sent me about a month since. 1 The Hon. J. COLTOH—Who is he i The TBBASUBEB—He is the genUeman charged ' with the administration of the Act in Hew Zealand, , . I put two or three point-blank questions to him, and I telegraphed him a week or two ago asking if I could use his non- officialanswers, and he courteously replied that I could. I may explain that in addition * to—or auxiliary to—this Id. in the pound tax we propose to put a tax 'of 1} per cent, on the ] premiums earned by Insurance Companies. \- The Han. 3. COLTOH—That is cutting both ways. The TREASURER—Hot at all. There will be a provision that a man holding Insurance Company shares will not be taxed on those shares. We are following Hew Zealand in this matter, and upon consideration it will be seen they are correct. I asked Mr. Crombie(1.) " Why cannot persons be trusted to return the value of their property in Fire and Marine Insurance Companies shares as well as in other things, and so get rid of the 80s. tax on premiums ?' He replied "If persons were taxed on their shares, or if the | Companies were taxed on property in thecolony, those Companies not having shareholders in the colony wonld go almost free, and Hew Zealand Companies would pay." Of conrse one realizes the force of that at once. Accordingly I ask hon. members to follow 'New Zealand in this matter in having this special provision in regard to Insurance Companies. I then ashed Mr. Crombie—(2.) " Why are Life Insurance Companies excepted?' His reply was—-'It was considered unfair to tax Life Companies while the Government Life Insurance Department would be free from taxation. It is not improbable that pro vision will be made for taxing the invested funds of Life Companies and of the Government Insurance Office." We have nothing of this kind here, and so tfaatcomplication will bo saved. My thirdquestion was —"What proportion of the total property in Hew Zealand do you calculate as- being held by peisons not worth £6U0 net, and therefore exempted V Mr. Combie's reply was—"No definite answer can be given to this, and at best only an estimate, unsap Sorted by any reliable data, can be hazarded. In larch, 1882, the real and personal property of tax payers, deducting mortgages and debts, amounted to—real £40,000,000, personal £25,000,000. Couipan es real and personal, £17,000,000, in all £83,000,000. I think £20,000,000 would be a full estimate of the property of persons who did not pay tax. This would belong to—say, 100,000 adult males, and to many women and minors who own some property.' I may say here that in case of undervaluing by an owner authority is given to the Government to take over the property at the owner's value, with 10 per cent, interest added. (Laughter.) " This (Mr. Crombie says^has a most salutary effect. The provision has not yet been enforced, but a threat to enforce it has caused owners to increase their value." Then he goes on to say—"An emended form of owners statement has been adopted. It is a great improvementon that formerly used. The results of the recent assessment have not yet been compiled, but sufficient is known to warrant me in stating that there will be a large in crease to personal property. It inay be taken for granted that not a few people who furnish incom plete returns erred through ignorance. I know an instance ot a man omitting a large sum of money on fixed deposit at a Bank under the bona fide im pression that the Bank would pay tax upon it. The worus 'cash at Bank' now in the statement would prevent this occurring. I do not in the least hesitate to say that the pro perty tax is a satisfactory one, and is so regarded from, to nse your expression, both sides—that is, ■ he taxpayer's point of view and the Treasurer's. Many opponents have become converts, and the prompt manner in which the taxis paid is very satisfactory. Of over £150,000, the revenue estimated for 1882-83, only about £4,600 remained unpaid on May 31, and this included suras added from 10 per cent., and many amounts due by trust estates, and by some Companies, in connection with which there were special reasons for not paying promptly. In no case has it been necessary to enforce the penal clauses to compel a person to send in a state ment, and the public have readily com plied with all demands made upon them. People became less anxious as to secresy, and do not t any leakage or improper disclosure. There has not been a complaint or even a hint of secresy havii g been violated." That is a very atisfaetory ropnrt. It is dated Jane 5, 1883. Now New .Zealand began this in 1878, at the rate f a penny in the pound. They found it brought in more money than they wanted, and they reduced it to thr e farthings in the pound; and afterwards to a half penny ; and we all know that Major Atkinson, the Colonial Treasurer, the other day gave notice of motion to have it raised to three farthings in the pound, as more money is now wanted. Mr. Crombie told me that in round numbers the amount received in New Zealand from the halfpenny tax is £158,050. Now I would point out that under this plan absen tees aie reached—(Hear, hear)—because their agents are made to declare and pay for them. Mortgage Companies are rated ; BaukB are rated ; and there is no difficulty in arranging the amount of interest a man has in any land, as that is strictly provided for in the Hew Zealand Act, which was amended in 1881, and is now, I believe, almost perfect. I ask hon. members to look at the Act, and I think we shall be very foolish it we do not avail ourselves of the experience of Hew Zealand, and pass a similar .Act. Oar Bill is now in the draftsman's bands, 'and very nearly ready. Tbe Hon, J. COLTON—What about merchants' stocks and dead -stocks ? The TREASURER—They will have to pay. TheHon. J. CARK—Will the merchant be allowed to deduct his English overdrafts? The TREASURER—That is well provided for in the Hew Zealand Act; in fact, they have provided against all these contingencies. For instance, in cases which I know occur here—where a man may have mortgaged his property to a friend in England, who has no agent here, and who himself sends home the interest, you might imagine that in such a case the English capital wculd escape. But not so. The creditor here will have to act as agent for the purpose of returning he tax here. Of course every one will be called on to send an account of his real and perianal pro perty, from which he will deduct Irs liability; if a mortgagor be will show the name of his mortgagee, and he will ebow whether he has above £559 worth of property. I have canefrdiy gone into the figures to see how tiny will probably come out here in South Australia. Of course we have the Corpora tions' and District Councils' assessments for last year, and they show that the annual assessed value of the real property in the colony was £2,030,003, or rather more. For the sake of clearness say £2.000,000. Opinions may differ as to the actual value ot tbo property assessed at £2,0)0,009, but ' I have multiplied tbe assessment by 20, aud that I think htm. members will ear Is a lair war ol>' ratting at its actual value. That Is, reckoning that . the assessment ia at the rate of fiper centra the annnal value; and I am sure hon. members would not sell their property lor twenty times the amount - itisratedat. I will be bound to say the Hon. John Cotton would not sell Ids place at Hackney for - twenty times what it Is rated at? ■ ' The Hon. J. COLTON—X do not -know what it Is > rated at) The TREASURES—I believe I am about right in * multiplying the annual Value by 20, and, therefore, I estimate -that we have within Corporations ana . District Councils £10,000,000 worth of property. Outside District Councils, as X said last year, we - have about £8,000,000 or £9,000,000. How, the selectors would -have to come In under this proposed Bill, and so there would be £10,000,000, in round numbers, or a total 'of £50,000,000 worth of real property in the colony. X intended-, looking hp what I said two years ago on this subject, . but cannot find it just naw In " Hansard." We calcu- - lated that personal property. Including lire stock, . furniture, money, and stores of 'ail' kinds—in fact, everything that is not real property—was worth £20,000.000, and when I made that statement it was not challenged. -The Hon. J. COLTON—It will be more thaw -. that. The TBEASUBEB—Even taking it at £20,000,000, . and adding it to the £50,000,000 of real property, it would give us a total of real and personal property in the colony of £70,000,000. Now comes the difficult question as to how much of tbis is owned by persona who do not possess £500 net, and' who, therefore, will be exempt Irom this taxation. I have tried to make an approximate calculation, and believe I am pretty close to the mark when X suppose that there are, 60,000 adult males in the colony—I am-not' now counting widows arid..; spinsters, although they will have to pay if they have money—but there are 60,000 mates in the colony who practically own all the property In the coloqy. X - estimate that three- fourths of these* adult males do not possess £600 net worth of property each, but (bat the other one-fourth possess three-fourths of the property in the colony. I believe that calculation 'will be found pretty nearly correct; and. strangely enough, it corre. - sponds very nearly with the results in New Zealand. Accordingly, I take from the £70,000,000 one-fourth, or £17,500,000, and I get £52,500,000. But I muBt - then deduct £600 each for the 16,000' people who are going to pay the tax— because the first £500 will be free from taxation in all cases—and that will give £7,600,000 more to he deducted. The total taxable property will therefore be about £45.000,000, which, at one penny in the - pound, gives £187,000 a year. I deduct 6 per cent, lor the cost of collection during, the first year or two, though it is only 2J per cent, in New Zealand. Then I allow something for friction and what is railed leakage, and so I knock off 10 per cent, more ;■ and that leaves the annual income from the tax at - £160,000. Of this amount about £2,000 or a little more would come from the 1} per cent, proposed to he levied on premiums of fire, marine, and life assu rance Companies. The Hon. J. Cotton asked me just now what alterations we propose on the New Zea land Act. Only two of importance, though we are - adopting it to our own circumstances as well as we can. There is one provision we do not like. Perhaps hon. members saw in the Register the other - day a letter in which it was stated that the people in New Zealand complained of that clause which Mr. Ctombie mentioned nnder which the Govern ment have power to take a man's property at 10 per' cent, over the value he has himself put upon it. We feel that that is a hard proceeding, and we do not - intend to ask Parliament to agree to it. We pro pose to turn the point the other way, and instead of" authorizing the Government to claim the man's property at 10 per cent, above his valuation we say to the man— Yon must either pay on the valua tion we make, or prove that it ought to be reduced.' Hon. members will see the difference, and that this is a reasonable plan, and I have no doubt it will be fonnd a sufficient check. Another alteration we pro- - pose is to make the tax payable once a sear instead of twice a year, as is the law in New Zealand. If a man has to pay on £60,000 it makes no difference to him whether be pays the Commissioner of Taxes in. one cheque of £200 or two cheques of £100 each while it will save the Government a great deal in collection to have it paid once a year—say about - February or March. We propose to follow the example of New Zealand in having two Bills—the larger one to contain all the machinery for assess ment and collection and appointments, and the swearing to secrecy of all officers (as will have to be done); and the smaller Bill to contain a couple of clauses fixing the rate of dnty. In the New Zea land Act the first clause fixes the duty at Id. on all real and personal property, and the next fixes the duty on'insurance preminms at 15 percent. We propose to follow their example, for two reasons. One is that it would hardly be fair to the Legislative Council, for otherwise the Bill would be a Money Bill, and they would have no ripht to alter, whereas in a' Bill of this sort, intro ducing a new system, I think they should have that power. The second reason is that it might be con venient—and probably will be—to alter the shorter Bill from year to year. For after a year or two it is quite on the cards we might find a penny in the - pound too much, or perhaps more might be wanted. There will be the usual exemptions from taxation. Government buildings will be excluded Mr. TENNANT—Will selected land be excluded?' The TBEASUBEB—No I will give an illustra tion. A selector has bought £1,000 worth of land, and paid £200 on it. He will be taxed on the £200,. which is in fact his interest in the land. Mr. HENNING—He wiil never pay up, then. The TBEASUBEB—I dare say this may be startling at the moment; but if bon. members will kindly read this pamphlet and the Acts of Parlia ment bearing on it, and tbe debates in the New Zealand Parliament, tliey will see this plan is a per fectly good, simple, and feasible one. Mr. JOHNSON—How about a rich man who has £1.000 a year, bnt spends it before be gets it? Tbe TBEASUBEB—If a man has no real or personal property be cannot pay taxes on it, but he will pay through the Customs. Tbis plan avoids the difficulty of the income tax by taking it for granted—as it quite true—that the man who has £1,000 a year, and yet Las no real or personal property, roust pay his taxes through tbe Customs. Tbis is a plan which Captain Bagot used to beg me to adopt, and which is now .in force in many of the States of America, and is operating remarkably w ell. No contract by which one person tries to belp another to evade the tax will be valid. Mr. BOUKSEVELL — What about professional incomes ? The TBEASURER—If aman makes £2,000 ayear and spends £2,000 a year lio nays taxes some other way, and he has neither real nor personal property except perhaps bis furniture. If be has £1,000 worth of that he will have to return it and pay on half of it. Mt. BOUNSEVELL—Are yon going to tax his income before he has earned it or afterwards ? The TBEASUBER—I have already explained to my Iron, friend that this Bill will provide that from Jnly 1,1888, there shall be a levy of this penny in the pound, and we shall probably provide that this money shall te paid in one lump sum early next year, in about February or March, so as to avoid tbi difficulty of two collections. iTenture to say that this scheme has solved the problem of the adjustment of the incidence of taxation. I am confident that when our poorer friends understand this fully they will see that it will suit them. Tbe working classes will have nothing whatever to complain of, although I do not propose to take anything at ail off the Customs duties; we cannot afford to take anything off. (Oh !) I have just shown that our deficit will be £270,000, and if we got the £160,000 that we are now asking for we shaU at the end of the year hare abont £100,000 of unexpended balances, which is about tbe usual thing; and the cash balance will be just alout square. I do ask my wealthier friends to consider this fairly, because it is really equitable. (Hear, hear.) These public works-are more for the benefit of the rich than the poor—(Hear, bear)— although I do not forget that they are partly for the benefit of tbe poor men, because it would be impos sible, unless we were borrowing money, for tbe wages to be so liigb. (Hear, hear ) It ia impossible for our wealthier men to get away from the fact Uiat every million we spend in railways is improving the value of the freehold land in the colony, and they onght therefore to bear tho largest aliure of the taxation. Mr. HOWE—They only boar it in proportion. Tbe TBEASURER—Tha is the beauty of this scheme; they do only licar their proportion, as tbe tax is not cumulative. A can with £60,000 will have to send in a cbeqne for £200, and a very lucky man he is to be able to send in such a cheque. I am sure, if the working classes will under stand what we are now proposing, they will see that we are offering them a great boon. It is impossible, at the moment, to throw off any taxa tion ; bnt I say that it is adjusting Die incidence of taxation wben Hie poor man roes his richer neigh bour taxed in something like proportion, and that is wbat wo have been contemliug for for years. I daresay it rill be nossible to throw some of tbe taxation in the future if we raise the amount •contemplated by the present scheme; I daresay we ®hallbe called upon to introducefree education, but jpositivoly wo cannot afford it at present, and cer tainly ndtthis year. Personally. I should enjoy .nothing more than to be able to announce that we -could offer free education. I beliere thoroughly in the principle of free, secular, and compulsory edu cation—(Bear, hear)—and I say that at this moment -we cannot afford it. (Hear, hear.) What it would ■coat I cannot say. but it will be considerably more than £22,000. (Hear, hear.) I Bay I hope hon tin embers will not attempt to shirk this question. I am not exaggerating any of the figures which I bare -quoted to-day. 1 believe I have shown the position main and honestly, and I say Bincerely and honestly tbat.it is impossible to go on without tax tion; I say it is impossible far any man, I do not I -care who takes-my place, to go on without taxation. Mr. ERASER—Sou did not say so two years ago. Ian have changed again. \- The TREASURER—We did not then know any thing about-the sweeping away of the Interest on the -purchase-money of selections, .and of course the •whole of the circumstances are, altered, and it is impossible to go on without taxation. Mr. FRASER—I say so; and I always said so. '.An Hop. Member—But you were wrong then. '^TboTOI?AStrBEE—If our proposals are carried I -«f course Ishall bring down revised Ways and Means, if 1 have an opportunity of doing so, during the last week in October, supposing the House sits so long, 1 and I shall show £11)0,000 additional revenue, .-and a probable deficit of £110,000 or £120,000. I do. j -not pretend, and no man could do it, to wipe off the -whole of this deficit this year, but if the House fol lows the Government in this proposal we shall turn over a new leaf by adopting this fair and equitable 85 stem of taxation, showing our creditors at home that we are ready and willing to tax ourselves„before we go on borrowing more money. 1 Mr. ERASER—That is the idea the Opposition Blw&yB; had. .The TREASURER—I shall be happy to argue •the point, either publicly or privately, with my hon. friend. 1 hope to adopt the usual •course, and as soon as the first Item is passed I shall bring down a resolution embodying these taxation proposals, which I will then, of conrse, be prepared I to explain in detail. I have not attempted to elabo- 1 xate the details now, but will do so afterwards. 'The Bill is in print, and if the House agrees to our taxation resolutions it will be introduced a few days afterwards. At present I content inyself with thanking the House for the ?atient bearing which they have given me. have spoken, under considerable disadvantages, mnch longer than I had intended, and I now con dude by moving the flint item—*' The Legislature, £l&,fiOO 2s. lOd. (Cheers.) Mr. ROUNSEVELL said he supposed the Trea •eurer would have no objection to an adjournment in •order that the House might have an opportunity of considering the proposals which he had brought forward. Mr. WARD said he supposed the Treasurer would follow the system that had been in vogue for eome years past and have his speech printed and copies -circulated amongst hon. members. The TREASURER—Oh, certainly. The House resumed, progress was reported, and I leave was given to sit again on Thursday next. HERGOTT SPRINGS AND PRIMROSE SPRINGS RAILWAY BILL. In Committee. Clause 2. Power to make railway. Mr. ROUNSEVELL moved to strike out the word "Primrose" in line 22 with a view of inserting the word " Strangways," as he believed the con stiuction of the line to that point would be quite sufficient to show the intention of Parliament to prosecute this work. He thought he had a still . stronger reason for adopting this course than he had the other day, after the Budget Speech which the Treasurer had just delivered, and which showed that we need sav.e every thousand pounds \- that we could on interest. He thought the Govern ment might adopt this suggestion, because they | must know that the railway from Strang ___ ilway from Strangways Springs to Primrose Springs could not be made for tthe next three years at least, as it would take that time to extend the line from Hergott Springs to . Strangways Springs. This was quite far enough to . go at present, because interest would have to be Said on the borrowed money from the floating of tie loan. He would most heartily and earnestly support the continuance of this railway until it was -completed, but the distance be had suggested was \- quite far enough to go at present. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) ■said he did not think the course proposed was necessary. The decision of the House had been , given, the whole line had been surveyed, and the estimates had been prepared. This Bill did not -provide for the whole of the line being constructed ■ at once with the expenditure of a single penny of money, and if hon. members were not satisfied with the amount the Government proposed to spend they could cnt it down in the Loan BUI when it •came oil for discussioa This BUI was intended to intimate to the country that the Government in tended to make the whole of this tine. Mr. HENNING thought that if the railway was -constructed at all it should be at least double the length to bridge the dry country through which it tan. To construct a line merely from Hergott -Springs to Strangways Springs would be an ab surdity, because it would terminate in a country with only five and a half inches of rain per year. If there was any argument in the statement that it wculd bridge this dry country it should go as far as i, which would then be in ; -Charlotte Waters, which would then be in pretty good country. | Mr. SYMON did not think that the decision of the House on the second reading of the Bill pre cluded hon members from attempting to give effect to the views which they had enumerated. He was, as he stated during the previous debate, entirely in favour of the making o! this line at the proper time; hut he did not think the finances or the exigencies -of the country wai ranted proceeding with it at present. Ab he could not induce the House to -sanction his views he would support Mr. Bounserell in seeking to contract the tine to half its length. No one but the lion, member for Ontaparinga would suggest that he was inimical to the best interests of the country, or, as had been suggested by the hon. member for Stanley, that he wanted to postpone the work until he could introduce it himself, because he trusted that he would always rise superior to f eelings -of that kind. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that every hon. member would live to see the completion of the Transcontinental line. (The Chief Secretary— " The Bill will be passed in a few minutes,") He lioped it would he a long time before this Bill would be passed, because he did not think that the -Government would ho able to proceed with the -construction of this lino for fire or six years at least. What was the use of expressing an opinion on an -abstract matter? Now was tba time lor the House | to say whether this railway should go to Primrose Springs or to Strangways Springs, and he for one -did not want another discussion on the same subject when the Loan Bill came on tor consideration. Mr. REES did not think that the tine should | terminate at Strangways Springs, because that w-as in the middle of a belt of the driest country in Australia. (Mr. Rounsevell—"Not at all; it has been settled for years.") He would refer hon, members to a map prepared by Mr. Todd the year before last, which would show that the raiufell of this particular belt of country was only five inches. ■(Mr. Rounsevell—" What was it at the Peaks?") He had not identified the Peake, bnt the continua tion of the railway as proposed by the Chief Secre tary would bring railway communication in proxi mity to a belt of country the development of which it was reasonable to expect wonld be attended with great advantages to the colony. We were just now monrning over the state of the finances of this -colony, but we were doing nothing to recuperate them, although it was admitted that railway exten sion into the interior of the country would be attended by very great benefits. Under such circumstances would it not be a fallacious policy to stop in the belt of country of the character pointed out by Mr. Heuning, which would only tend to retard the prosperity of the colony. He quite agreed with Mr. Henning that instead of shortening the line it should be lengthened, and he would therefore support the Government in this matter. The Hon. J. COLTON said he thought Mr. Rounse vell was in error in the steps that he had taken in this matter, and as the c:mplete survey of the tine and the estimates were before hoc. members he did not see why the clause should not be passed as it was. When the proper time came—(Mr. Rounse vell—" There is not the ghost of a chance")—he would support the hon. member in striking out the amount for the shorter line from Strangways Springs to Primrose Springs, and restrict the expen diture to £603,000 for the 102 miles of railway, bat at present he would go with the Government to seek to curtail the expenditure in the Loan BilL Mr. ROUNSEVELL Baid that if the line were carried on to Primrose Springs the Government would propose the borrowing of a further sum of £1,000.000, and the feet of this clause having been I assort woulrt enable them to appeal to this decision of the Houseandthengetit without theslightestilifli culty. With reference to the statements of the hoa. was more rainfall at strangways Springs than at Primrose Springs, and besides this'he believed a line to Stiangways Springs was as orach as was re quired for local requirements. To go only as far as' . Strangways Springs wonld admittedly take three years—a longer time than either the present or the next Government would last. If he stood alone even in this amendment he wonld callfor a division. Mr. COGLIN said he still believed that the North-West line, proposed by the people of Port Augusta, was the one which wonld be most benefi cial for the country, but as the matter had already been arranged, it was waste of time to farther discuss it. The whole of the land through which this line wonld pass was now in the hands of specu lators who .had not stocked their runs, and who were only waiting for the line to increase the valne of their holdings. He would support the amend ment as proposing the lesser of two evils. Mr. HENNING said that although he would vote for the Government on this, particular matter he would follow his own convictions when the Bill went to a division on the third reading. Mr. TOMK1NSON thought it was the duty of the Honse or the Government to eee that the country near this line was properly stocked before farther poshing on the railway. In supporting the amendment he did not withdraw his opposition to the Bill as a whole. After what had fallen from the Treasurer he thought that it was the duty of the Honse to at least take time to con ider the matter. He trusted, therefore, that this measure would not be passed this session. Mr. BRIGHT said he would support the amend* ment, and whether the clause was passed or not it would hot interfere with his voting against the third reading for reasons he had previously stated. By stopping at Strangways Springs it could not be said that they were stopping in a desert, for he believed there was plenty 01 good water there, and to carry the line further wonld pot only he unnecessary bnt a waste of public money, because there was neither stock or anything else that required carrying. He also thought that if anything could be done after the statement of the Treasurer that afternoon to save £600,000 the House was bound to do it. Mr. PLAYFOBD said that on the second reading of the Bill he gave reasons why be would support the measure, but he belie red they were perfectly justified in making the line to Strangways Springs first. (Hear, hear.) There was no hurry to pass the Bill for the whole line, as there would be suf ficient time between the present and the opening of the first portion of the line for the Legislature to discuss and pass a Bill authorizing the construction of the second portion. It should also be borne in mind that during the interval a better route might be found, by which thousands of pounds might be saved. The Hon. J. CABB wonld vote for the clause as it stood. The sooner the construction of the whole line to Pine Creek was enacted the better—(Hear, hear)—and therefore he B&w; no need to cavil about a few miles. Mr. WARD thought that if it was a good thing to extend the line beyond Hergott Springs at all, it sbonld not be stopped short at Strangways Springs. Mr. BAGSTEB would support the clause, as ne did not believe in making the line by piecemeal, especially as the Honse had made up their minds that the line should one day go right through the continent. Mr. SYMON said that if Mr. Ward did not approve of the gauge on which the line was to he constructed be should support the amendment pro posed by Mr. Bounsevell, in the hope that his views might be carried out at some fnture time as re garded the remaining portion of the line. He saw no necessity for passing a Bill to construct the line as far as Primrose Springs if the House was not going to sanction the amount of money necessary to carry it ont. The question of route and gauge would both be complicated by the whole line being voted at once. Mr. JOHNSON moved that the Committee do now divide. The amendment was negatived. Mr. BOUNSEVELL called for a division, which was taken as follows Ayes, 18—The Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Attorney-General, the Treasnrer, the Minister of Education, Hons. J. Carr, .T. Colton, Messrs. Atkinson, Bagster, Beaglehole, Dixson, Howe, Johnston, Moyle, Newland. Bees, Tennant, Whin ham, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Noes, 12 —Messrs. Basedow, Bower, Bright, Bucknall, Coelin, Eraser, Gilbert, Landseer, Play lord, Symon, Tomkinson, and Bounsevell (teller). Majority of 6 for the Ayes. The amendment was negatived. The clause was passed as printed. The House resumed, progress was reported, and leave was given to the Committee to sit again on Tuesday next. PAPER The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. J. C. Bray) laid on the table— Report of the cost of converting the Strathalbyn and Port Victor Tramway into a locomotive rail way. To be printed. ADJOURNMENT. At five minntes to 8 o'clock the lionse adjourned till Tuesday next at 2 o'clock. 