THEE TURF. THE PERTH MEETING, BY YoluICK. The Perth races have been marked by two things which seldom go together---disap. pointments and good racing. Never before weretheresuch a number of good horses with comparatively great extectatins enter ed only to be struck out, while at the same timenever was there better running, or perhaps better sport. Two of the horses from whom the most was expected-Scandal and Milord-went amiss almost at the last moment. Neither of them broke down, but they appear to have so far fallen lame that their owners, though anxious to run them thought it unwise to risk laming them permanently. T'he horse about whom perhaps themost interest was felt, went hopelessly lame before the day of entrance, and caused even more dis.ppointment than the withdrawing of Messrs. Hassal's and Mr. Dempster,s horse s. But there was some capital racing, rendered not the less interest ing to thbse who were not on the wrong side, by more than the usual number of surprises. For the Maiden, contrary to what was ex pected, Mr. Parker, instead of starting Hero and reserving Hermit fr the Town Plate thought the latter good enough to win both, and had the annoyance to see him beaten in both. Never imagi ing that he would run Hermit for the first ot these races, I said it would fdl to Hero or Roseberry, and had Hero gone for it he might have won, but Mr. Parker who, like many other owners. did not know his best horse, and joined with a host of people in considering Roseberry worthless, started Hermit, and Roseberry won. It was an immense sur prise. Roseberry is a new kind of horse to many persons here-aseventeen hands New market horse-a horse whom one f the lar gest breeders in the colony sneered at last year as a "drag horse " and whom those who are accustomed to the shorter and more compact h. rses of the old style cannot im agine winning anything, and when he beat the favorite with ease they could hardly be lieve their eyes, though under Jones' care he was immensely improved in everything but his temper. For the Town Pla te, not hav ing perhaps quite so much faith in Hermit as before his beating by Roseberry, Mr. Parker let Hero go to help him if necessary but at the same time declared to win with the older horse. Rocket was however, as I thought he might be, able to give Heramit a stone. and beat him at the river side, when Hero bad to be brcught to the front and win, which he did in the best style, sweeping past the stand like a grey hound. Roseberry did not start, being re served for the Metropolitan. For the Selling Race only three came to the post, Greyhound and Bishop at 7st. 91bs., and Belle Mahone at 9st. lb. Here again there was a surprise. Greyhound, who was cousidered safe to win, and who would have been the favourite even if he had been carrying top weight, was so completely done ap in the first heat that Belle Mahone, who was giving him 211bhs. and was thought not to have the ghost of a chance, beathim in the two other he ts without difficulty. The Bishop did not start for the second heat, but he did very well in the first, going all the way round with his tail stuck out in true Arab style, and running the wi,,ner very close. The Forrest Cup fell a very easy prize to Low. lander, the Prophet who was lo,'king re markably well, beating the imported horse Fireworks, for whom the distance was too short. The Cup, a pret ty piece of workman. ship, was presented to. the owner of the winning horse by Mr. Alexander Forrest. The Metropolitan which, it will be remem. bered, I gave to Rocket or Hero, was won by the fcrmer. But, as Roseberry was in the humor for running, it was only by a fluke that he or Hero did not win. The rider of Hero-a very little boy-was told to keep ahead. But Roseberry's rider took the same view, and the two went off at score. The consequence was that by the time they had done a mile and a half they were both pumpedout, and Rocket was able to come up and pass them. Hero struggled on gamely to the post and made a good race of it, but could not again get his head in front of the old horse. The Ladies Purse, on the second day, was the least interesting event of the meeting, only three horses starting for it Flying Jim, who appeared to have lost his wings if he ever had any, Rocket and Her. mit. The result was a foregone conclusion, it being perfectly clear that if Rocket could beat Hermit over a two mile course, as he had done the day before, when giving him a stone, he could beat him over the same distance at even weights. Her mit ran very well for the first mile, and a half, when the old horse picked him. up and won by any number of lengths. Flyt ing Jim, who may have been a "' competea horse" on the "other side," but is far, from being a "competent horse" on this side was all but distanced. The first heat of the City Puese was to the astonishment of every one wonb3 Highland Mary, giving 7th to squatter and 211b to Greyhound, either of whom were supposed to be able to give her weight and beat her. She wvas however beaten in the se ond heat by Squatter, after a severe strug gle, and in the third heat had so little left in her that the chesnut won as he pleased. The race for the Queen's Plate was a particularly interesting one, notwithstanding it was pretty clear from previous events that it must fall to Lowlander or Hero. Roseberry was indeed the only other horse who had the slightest chance, and anyone who noticed him walking about waiting for the start with his tail between his legs as if he was sick of the whole affair must have seen that, though he might consent to be ridden round the course, he had no intention of taking any in terest in the proceedings or exerting him self in any way. As for Rocket, he was al to.ether outclassed, but though his owner with very . nod judgment had sent him in for the Ladies' Purse, and probably only let him run for the great Iace to satisfy the public, there were some who fancied him. It was a beautiful race between the old and the young horse, and but for an accident might hve been a very close one. As it was, the stirrup leather of Hero's saddle slipped from its bearings as the horses were coming along tho river side the last time round, and the boy lost his balance and,, eventually fell. This left Lowlander to win with ease, and enabled the Prophet to gain the second place, beating his old antagonist Rocket. The time was remarkably good, being 5m. 56sec., or according to some 5m. 55:ec. The win ner was ridden by McArdle, and not by Games, as inadvertently stated on Thursday. On the whole the meeting was an unusually good one. The arrangements for getting the public to the course by train and boat were as g'.od as circum stances would permit. On the second day especially things were very well mana ged, the Perth Sta ion Master coming an in person with a reversedcngineand train attacb ed to the last train to Guildford, s:- as to take back the people from the course in good tim. andt avoid all bustle. A great many people aailed them of this way of reaching the course, and no doubt many more would do so next year, but it would be far better if the course were neare-r Perth and the line could be found both for the public and fcr the trainers of horses. 