SOCIAL. At a meeting of the Executixe Council the following gentlemen were board appointed a board to establish a State system of technical education in New South Wales : --Mr. Edward Combes, C.E., C.M.G., M.P., president ; Mr. James Barnet, Colonial Architect ; Mr. T. B. Belgrave, LL.D. ; Mr. Owen Blacket, C.E. ; Mr. Andrew Garran, LL.D. ; Mr Archibald Liversidge, F.G.S., professor of chemistry and mineralogy in the University ot Sydney; Mr. Angus Mackay, Mr. R. L. Murray, M.P., Mr. W. G. Murray; Mr J N Oxloy, Mr G F. Poole, Mr II C. Russell, B A , T K A b , Mr Norman Solfe, MICE , the Hon I rofessor Smith, MD, LL D , professor of ex tsenmentil physics in tho University of bydney , Mr lohn butbcrland, M P Mr C S Wilkinson, I G b , F L S , his Honor Mr. Justice Windeyer, Alderman John Young ; end Mr Edward Dowling to bo secretary to the board The Minister for Education received a deputation from Mittagong the other day, who presented a memorial signed by a large number of Protestant and Roman Catholic residents of the district, protesting against the removal of the head teacher from the Mitta- gong Public school. It appears that a deputation from the same township had an interview with Mr. Reid, and urged upon him the necessity of removing the teacher in question, on the ground that he was a Roman Catholic. A communication to the same effect had also been received from the chairman of the local school board, and in neither case was any exception taken to the teacher on the ground of want of care or ability. The Minister informed the present deputation that his decision had already been given on the subject in a letter to the chairman of the board. In that communication Mr. Reid says:—" If a Public school teacher of any creed deliberately makes use of his or her position to present to the minds of the children in the Public schools that sectarian form of religious belief which he or she may profess, the severest punishment should follow, whether that sectarian teaching be Protestant or Catholic And, upon the same principals, so long as Public school teachers keep themselves free from reproach, and do their duty faithfully and well, their creed, whatever it may be, must remain a matter between themselves and their Creator." The Hon G H. Reid, Minister for Public Instruction, pain an official visit on July 14 to the Girls Industrial School at biloela Mr Keid was chown through the whole of the buildings at Biloela (or Cockatoo 1*1 md), and the w irkini, of the sy Blom under which the guda are jrained thirou=hly explained to him lho _irla mav remain at Bilooh until they are l8 years old, but it ia very rarely thit tbev remain till that a0e, as they are eligible for apprenticeship as soon as they ure 12 They can only be apprenticed till they are l8, and after that age thev are suppoaed to be able o take care of themselves 1 hey cannot remua ia the institution after they are l8, but care is taken thit tiny are fairly well provided for elsewhere A half time eihoi\ is carried on in connection with the institution, ead the girls are also instructed in sawing, cookies, and general household work For the latter purpose e ich girl is placed for a year in the house of oueof theoiilcials and trained in general housework, to fit them for the oosiuou of general servant* Hi« Honor Sir Georee Innes had a most important qu lion brought before him on July 21-a motion to make au order nut absolute restraining the bench of magistrates at Newcastle from proceeding further with a conviction of two months against one Thomas Jones, a copper smelter, who entered into au ngreemeut in England to serve the Wallarra Smelting Company, at Non castle, received an advance, and lett his employment before thai advance was worked out Some interesting points were raised by coun- sel. On tee 23rd his Honor refused the application after dnterraining that there was nothing in the point that the Agreements \ahdating Act did not apply, and deciding that a copper- smelter came under the provisions of the Master« and Servants Act as judicially interpreted in the caso Queen v Morryweather His honor said he would lease it open to the legal advisers of Joues to give notice of appeal to the Full Court, but no appeal has been mude An application has been made to tho Government for the purp me of obtaining tho release of tho lunatic Creswell, now a contmee in the Parramatta asylum, with thu object of taking him to England m ordor that ho may bo moro fuliv identified as Arthur Orton, v.boni he is alleged to be lho apt hcants desire to bo informed ssholher tho ««¡eases of transit would have to ht. guaranteed, »nd whether the Go xernmentwould permit an oillcer of the asylum 11 ncconi plny tho lunatic It I« said tho Attorney-General has strongly advised «gainst any »ucb application being aci eded to He has i orated out that tho i] plicition for tho releato of Creswell has been based upon tbo htitenient that ho really is Creswell, Bud on the authority of documents pur- porting to como from members ot tho Crtt>w II I milly m England, and further, that no application for the release of the lunatic has been made by any member of tho Orton faiiulx. Anapplicati n to a Judge of tho buprcmo Court which bas been udiourned tn souio ponod noxt month, will bo resisted bs tha Government, who ara in pot-session of information concerning the lunatic Creswoll from tho time of his arrival m the colony until tho pre6tnt period Messrs G R Stcsens and Co's steamship Nelson arrived on July 12 from Hongkong, having onboard tho «.leiiiant whith was presented by tho lime, of Main to our Zoological Society, lbe elephant, Aihich is abnit 7 feet high, i« eight y ears old, a male, and is m excellent he ilth after its voyage lhere was lately on view nt tbo ofhco of Mr Marshall Bayley, No 10, Ijridgo streut, ii slab of elulo nicasunnpr 6 feet in length, Î feet in sxieltli, aud lj inch in thickness Tho slab was originally 0 feot long and S feet in sildth but It his boon reduced in BI/P to render it inoio portable lho slate was obtained from a considoi iblo urpi ot slat -beunu¿ «fountrv at fcouth Gunangm by Mews \\\ illiam Malchett end parts lue Colonial Secretarv received nomo lune ago from Mr Bonnard, the Ejecutivo bccret-irv lor tho Bouleaux A\ ino Exhibition, his îrptrt on the exhibition, to^cthir svith thn account Bales of tho nuns ubi h ho h id s Id, mid drafts i ii the bvdnoy agent of tho Compton d' Iseomptotor tho uei prO"eedsin euh eise lho ssholoof thu piper« sserofoi Avardcd to Mi J 1 Burns, the ehaumau of tho Nosv bouth Avales commit ti«, vshoiaused a copy of tho report tobe font to every exhibitoi, and tho drafts to bo dehvorcd to tho p irtica for whom thoy wero intended Aanoioferenco «as made in the report to tho incdalBand certificates ass arded, Mr Stuart at the instance of Mr Bums, communicated with the Agent-General on tho Bubiect, nndreceisel last week a teles-ram from Su Saul Samuel to tho effect that tho certificat es would bo furss arded by the next mall, and lb it the medals which had been promised bl tho pmpor authori- ses would bo Pintinvmrdiitely ntter theirreeaipt in I ondoo. Tho whole of thn receipts tor tho drafts buvo beer! deposited at tho office of tho Colonial '-ecretarx, and tho Bum of £1) los, theufltpiYxeedsof samples of ssino sold at Bndcanx, from exhibits of which no account has been received, lins been retained by tbo Government as rho nucleus of a lund tor the bonofit of thn x ignorons of tbn colony There was a great gathering on Julv 26 at the establish- ment of Hudson Brothers Company, Limited, the occasion being the ceremony of opening the company's new works at Clyde, near Granville. A large number of members of both Houses of Parliament, and nearly all the best known mem- bers of the mercantile community were there with their wives and daughters. A capital programme was well carried out. Shortly after 11 o'olock a.m , a long special train left Sydney station, and after calling at several stations en route, ran direct alongside the neat little platform at Clyde. About 600 ladies and gentlemen came by this, and 300 or 400 more arrived by the ordinary trains later. The works presented an appearance of busy life and widely-diffused activity which can be paralleled at, probably,no other establishment in Australia. A small army of men and lads were engaged in different occupations-some doing fitting work, Others joining and planing, and all working with a will. As soon as the visitors arrived thev were served with a light luncheon, and conducted to view tho machinery at work in different departments of the establishment. The inspection occupied a considerable time, there was so much of interest to be looked at. The site of the works consists of 30 acres of land, about 13 miles from Sydney, and near the Granville station. A little after 1 o'clock some of tho mem- bers of the Ministry arrived and the Hon. the Premier was conducted to the engine-house, where, after giving a brief explanation of what he was about to do, he turned a couple of wheels, great pistons began to move and an immense fly-wheel to revolve, and so, amid cheers from many voices, the Union Rolling Stock and Engineer- ing Works were formallv opened. Shortly afterwards a great banquet was served in the woodworking factory on the first floor. It was here, when the guests were all gathered together at scores of tables, that the size of the assemblage could be appreciated and fully recognised. There has been nothing like it in the colony for many years except the famous Albury banquet, the success of which was contri-- buted to by both New South Wales and Victoria. The chair at the banquet was filled by Mr. Henry Hud- son, and with him at the pricipal table sat Hon. Alexander Stuart, Colonial Secretary, Sir John Robertson, Sir Alfred Stephen, and the Hon F. A. Wright, Minister of Works. An offer has been made to the Government of "V letona hy a French inventor to sell for £-000 the patent of a gas, intended for tho destruction of rabbit«, tho rewind to bo paid to hin) on the complete annihilation Of the pest Tho inventor proposes to keep bis patent n secret under the pro- tection ot tho Austiahaa Governments, as he claims that it, might bo used with terrible effect on a body of men in wur ' or in case of revolution. ' The twenty -first anniversary of the pastorate of tho Rev Br Strel, minister of bt Stephen's Pre6bvterisn Church, was celebrated at (ha Protestant Hall on Tidy 19 lhefinnl meeting in connection with tha Congregational Jubileo series of meetings was held on July 11, ut the Pitt street Con¿iegational Church Ihe rtev. Janies Jeffens, LL B , presided 1 be Rev J F Cullen (Jubilee Secre- tary) than m ide a brief progress report on the jubiloo fund Passing over the jubilee fund day, when contributions to the amount of £lo,000 wore paid or promised, he briefly I sketched tho results of the visits made by various deputa- tions to different churches He bad made a calculation of the total subscriptions promised and received, and deduct- ing £6000 for dupltcatM subscriptions, he believed the total j was a little over £30 000 On July Iß a verv interesting meeting was hold in St Andrew's Church of Enghnd schoolroom, Pitt street A te i was provided and partaken of by about 250 Chinamen and also hy a considerable gathering of the friends of the Church of England mission to them in this city After tho social meal, tho Very Rev Bean Cowper tool, the chair A hymn was then sung, of which there was a C hme«o trans- lation in the samo metre, so that a considerable proportion of tho natives of tho Flowcrv Land then present wera able to unite in the singing, and also in other hymns afterwords Iho Rev Canon Moreton was then called upon to address the mi ding Some parts of his ob«erv ations vv ero specially chínese missionary, Mr George Poo Hoo fen Several of ho Christi in Chinese wera also heard, especially tb.e mis tsinnary, who moved a vote thanks to the ladies and gentle- men who had arranged for tho meeting, provided the tea, and in other ways had advanced tho good work m which thev wero engaged A very enthusiastic meeting of drapers assistants and supporters of tho earlv closing movement wns held at the Protestant Hall on July 20. Thora was an sttendanco of about 800, and tha Hon G R Dibbs, Colonial Treasurer, presided Addresses wero delivered by tho chairman, the lion G li Raid, the \erv Rev tho" A icii-General, and others, and a series of resolutions was carried, to tho effect that the phvsical, social, and moral interests of drapers' assistants demanded that tho hours of business should be shortened, in order to afford them timo for recreation and improvement, also, that tho social and dimes! ic conditions ot the people did not require that shops should bo kept open to a lute hour and that the meeting pledged itself to assist in earning into effect the early-closing movement, and in- vited thu community generally to give its hearty co-opera- tion by not «hopping after 60 clock lh<> Rev T Osborne, of the AVeelevan Church, York strict, recently delivered a sormon on Archbishop Vnughan's w ort,, und reviowed some of the doctrines of tho Roman Catholic Church in a toi irant spirit This sermon gavo olfeuce, and certain charges wara lodged against the rev gentleman, which were inquired into by a district meeting 1 he sermon wan preached on April 22, and since that date Ihe maller has occupied a considerable amount of public rétention On the completion of rhe evidence, Mr Osborne addre-sed tha meeting and then withdrew. After careful c msidoration, tho finding of tho district meeting was ii» tiilhws -"Resolved,-1. That after hearing Mr Osbornes frank dcilaration of his belief in the Deity of tha Lord Jcsun Chnst, in His atonement for sin by Hu, death, in the Deity of tho Holy Ghost in tho plenary in- spiration of tho Holy Scriptures, and in tho tfheacy of prayer having heard also his declaration of «in-oro attach- ment to Methodist doctrinen generalh, as embodied in our acknowledged standards, we corQiaíly accept his statement* as full and sutisf ictcrv At the sumo time we regret that his method of presenting these truths is at times so inexact ns to proouco the impression on tha minds of some that ho is erroneous in doctrine 2 In rofcronca to tho sermon de- livered in the "i ork-slreot Church, on Sunday ovaning, April 22, 1883, on Roman Catholicism, wo are convinced that Mr Osborne is sound in the doctrines of Protestantism, as held by the Methodist Church yet, from tho evidence, wo are hntished thut m thu foruior part of his discourse bo was so unguarded m his statemouts ut. to appear to advance doctrines not in harmony with our standards " Mr Buchan 1 honiton, in past yeirs ono ot our most Srominent citi/ens, expired at his residence, Ashfield, on uly 11 For some yeirs past tho da eased _cntlenian was dcoply afflicted in mind, requiring all the attention and devotion of his family, und necessitating almost completa seclusion In his early years he was engaged in squatting pursuits in the west, and particularly interested himself u the breeding of hor»es Abaudonm_f pastoral mutters ho carne many years ago to bvdnov, and opened tho wall known stables m Blii.h-street, und at tha same time failed the very important pisitiou of Secretary to tho Australian Jockev Club, which under his management became the rao«t nourishing institution of the kind in the colonies Buring his residence in Sydney, with characteristic enthusiasm, ho entered with spirit into the Volunteer movement, and was mainly instrumental in forming the Hizh'and Brigada attached to tho force For some years ho filled the position of commanding officer, and only retired from active duty when his health gave way. Charles Sandys Packer, one of the most accomplished musicians Australia has known, died on July 13. He had reached the advanced age of 73 years, being born in Reading, Berkshire, England, in 1810. While very young, Charles Packer envinced such a love and talent for music that his father, himself a musician, placed him at the Royal Academy of Music, where he achieved the highest honours that institution was capable of bestowing, carrying off the best prizes awarded for composition, pianoforte playing, and singing. His masters were: For composition, Dr Crotch, Regius Professor at Oxford, Mozart's pupil Attwood, Bochsa, the great orchestral master, and Weber, the cele- brated composer, and for singing, Crivelli and Veluti. He was selected, when but a youth, to compose an opera for the opening of the new Royal Lyceum Opera House, a building erected in place of one which was destroyed by fire: and his literary coadjutor was Mary Russell Mitford, the authoress of 'Our Village'. The production was a successful one, and enjoved a long run: and Mr Packer's composition was favourably noticed bv the most eminent critics of England, France, and Germany The young composer was favoured by the notice and friendship of such men as Thalberg, Hummel, and Weber: and he was the chosen accompanist of such great singers as Mario, Giulia Grisi, and Lablache. He frequently had the distinction of playing duets with her Majestv Queen Adelaide, consort of William IV, both of them being pupils of Hummel. His first composition was an aria, ' Basta, Basta!' the words being from Metastasio's ' Morto d'Abelle , and when, in 1825, this was performed at a concert given in the Hanover Square Rooms, the Harmonicon, the best journal of the day as regards musical criticism, spoke of it in terms of the highest praise, and predicted a bright future for the composer. His "Crown of Thorns" and ' Song of the Angels' are some lighter efforts, are widely known and as widely admired Mr August Huenerbein has the scores of "David," an oratorio and of many other compositions, which will yet be published, and which will long preserve Charles Packer's name from oblivion. His life was a chequered one. The burial took place at the Waverley Cemetery, and was attended by a large number of musical people and others as mourners, and an immense crowd assembled at the cemetery to witness the ceremonies. The funeral procession was headed by two bands, who play alternately the Dead March in 'Saul', and at the grave site the choir sang; " The Song of the Angels," composed byMr. Packer last Christmas time, then followed the majestic hymn from the Church survice "Nearer, my God, to Thee, ' sung to a tune also composed by Mr.Packer. Mr Genigo Hill, sen. J P , uno of tim oldest residents oftheeolouv aicd on 1'lth July, ut his residence, Burhiuii Hull, burrv Hills ut (ho advanced uga of 8J years Ho was a native ol Sydney, and was widely known and ínllu f-ntiullv connected A short timoneo homet with an acci- dent 111 Crown-stroet, a twin motor coiuinj" into collision with his buggv, and tha concussion thiew him back in the vohicle with considerable foice Sinco that timo ho his beon confined to his 100m, and although, in tho ordinury couiso of nature, tbo old geutlomin could not havo lived much longer, there can be no doubt tho severo sinking bo received tend«! to cnhsidoiaMi husten hu deith. Iioieaves a widow nnd tivo nins and eight daughters, vnth a number ot grano thud ron Ona of his sisters is Ladv Cooper, wifo of Sir Bnniel Coop«, Hart, and anothei is the vufo of Mr. VV Durham, of binçlelrn Of his daughters, three aro nmrnpd Ona ia Mis V Wentworth, aootboi Mr« W. Coopoi, and the third Mrs Janice Hill Ihe Hon. Richard Hill, M L C , is a younger brother of deceased, aud his sons and other relatives are among the bett known of citizens, holding ns thoy do prominent positions in tho conimuniti The Hon. Edward King Cox, M.L.C., died on July 25, at his residence, Fernhill, Mulgoa. He appeared in better than ordinarv health on tho previous Tuesdav morning, and had bean busying himself among tho horses and about the farm at Fernhill. He drove into Penrith at rnidday on Tuesday, and while at the railway station, where he went to see a friend off by the train, he was seizad with a rather severe spasm of the heart of a kind similar to attacks he had experienced on previous occasions, and which had given rise to considerable anxiety. He returned home about two hours afterwards in company with Dr. Brady, who stayed with him some time, and left him to all appearance much better. On the 25th, Mr. Cox got up in apparently good health, and partook of breakfast, but shortly afterwards he was again seized with an attack which ended fatally in a short space of time. Mr. Cox had for some years past been a severe sufferer from rheumatic gout, and his health had been from this cnuse very much impaired. The deceased gentleman was the eldest son of tho late Hon. Edward Cox, and was born about the year 1829 or 1830, at the old Mul- goa Cottage. His mother, who is still living, was a daughter of Captain Brooks, of Denbam- court, Liverpool. After Mr. Cox had completed his education, he took charge for his father of the large sheep stations at Rawdon, near Rylstone, and of other outlying stations on the Namoi, and while in charge of these stations he acquired a very extensive knowledge of the breeding of pure merino sheep. From early life he took great interest in the breed- ing of blood horses and of shorthorn cattle on the Mulgoa estate. In 1852, in company with his younger brother, Dr. J. C. Cox, he visited Europe, and there devoted one or two years to the study of the breedirjg of merino sheep, and to making himself familiar with the principal studs in Eng- land and on the continent. During his stay in Europe he visited many of tho flocks in France, Hungary, and other countries. He returned to the colony in 1855, and assumed charge of his father's extensive stations. At this timo he commenced the formation of a stud of horses and cattle, more paiticularly the former, and on the death of his father he brought together at the old family residence, the Mulgoa Cottage, all the stud stock he had accumulated. Here he located several celebrated sires, such as Yattendon, Lord of Linne, Vespasian, artd Chandos, and only recently he added to his stud tbe celebrated horse Darebin. He always took great pride In his merino sheep, and only a year or two ago, it will be remembered, tho wool from his flocks won the champion prize of the world in Paris. In 1874 Mr. Cox was appointed to a seat in the Legislative Council. . Tho brig John Wesley returned to Sydney on July 7, aftor cruising amongst the South Sea It-lunds for a period of live months. During her cruise she picked up a boat con- taining four men and three, women, natives ot_ Vaveu, which had been blown off the land. Tboy wore in a vsry prostrate and exhausted condition from want of food and exposure, and would probably have perished miserably had they not fallen in with the John Wesley. After they had recovered somewhat they stated that they had left Vavau- for the purpose of attending a private native feast at Habai, where the women intended to take part in the dancing, but lost themrelves when land disappeared from view. The barque Jessie Renwick, from London, with general cargo consigned by Messrs. J. and A. Brown, arrived at Newcastle in charge of the chief officer. He reports that the captain, Robert Souter, disappeared from the vessel on the 11th June. From the statement made by Mr. H. D. 6mith, tho chief officer, it would appear that on the sight of June 11, at about a quarter past 8 o'clock, the latter was conversing with Captain Souter on the quarter-deck, and left him there smoking a cigar. The chief officer then went to bed. He had no suspicion whatever of the captain having gone overboard until breakfast time the next day, when, as Captain Souter did not appear, he was Bent for. As he could cot be found his cabin was oponed and found unoccupied, and his bed had apparently not been slept in that night. Tho man at the wheel last saw the captain descend the companion ladder at a quarter past 10, but after that time he heard no splash, nor saw anything fall over- board. Deceased was a native of Aberdeen, and a very sober man. The barque was going at the rate of nine knots an hour on the night he unaccountably disappeared. The cold weather continues, particularly in the mornings and evenings, but during the day the sun sets in bright and pleasant. Daring the pant week a deal of rain his fallen, principally in the New England district. Reports from Tenterfield and Glen Innes, speak of the fall as being more than usually heavy. Along the Western tableland, however, and in the neighbourhood of the Namoi an unusual dryness has set in, much of the grass having perished, wnh 'ha result that the stock ate somewhat back- ward in condition. From parts of tho South very severe fro«ts an, reported within the« last few days, which will have a disastrous effect on cultivation generally, as also on thelive stock. From the Murrumbidgee district», most encourag- ing accounts of the lambing season are to hand. For the sake of the young stock it is to bo hoped that tho pastuio along the lower part of the Murrumbidgee will rapidly improve. The sheep fair has quito concluded, it having proved the most successful gathering of its kind ever hold in the city. Signor Paslo Giorza gave his farewell concert at the Protestant Ball on Saturday, the 14th July, and the success of it was a fitting termination to tho Australian career of this distinguished musician. Tbo hall is now occupied by the Kennedy family, whose Scottish entertainment ecems to possess perennial charms for Sydney people. At the Opera .House, "Les Manteaux, Noirs" has for week« past been drawing large audiences nightlv. Miss Jennie Leo is doing good btiw'ne*B at the Theatre Royal in " The Grasshopper ;" und Herr Bandmanu and Miss Beaudet have commenced a dramatic season at the Gaiety Theatre. Since our last sum- mary Charles Sandys Packer, a distinguished musician, and Mies Blaccho Stammers (Mrs. Arthur Garner), a clever actress of light comedy and society character, have died. ' At a meeting of tho Executive Council of Queensland on July 17 a memorandam by the Premier on the annexation of New Guinea was adopted, and ordered to be transmitted to her Majesty's Government, and likewise to the Govern mrnlsof all the Australian colonies. This document sets forth tho ground» on which the annexation is justified. It points out that the expenso to be incurred need not be very greif, because the Dutch, who also claim and hold a part of tho island, go to no expense at all. What is needed is that New Guiñe« should not fall into the hands of any foreign powor; and that some recognised authority should be created capable of dealing with lawless adventurers who might establish themselves in tho island. As no difficulty waB experienced In dealing with characters ot this sort who had established themselves in the islands in Torres Straits whon those islands hod by proclamation been brought within the jurisdiction of Queensland, no similar difficulty need bo apprehended if the main land of New Guinea were proclaimed British territory. Tho memorandum justifies tho net of annexation by re- terring to a similar act in the past in Now Zealand, xvhich swas preserved from falling into foreign hands ; and also large portions of territory m America wore won by independent action on tho part or tho colonial authorities, who bad no instructions from the Home Government. It is suggested that if tho alleged difficulty of providing for ths protection and government of tho natix-o races is the rcBl reason for refusing tho Imperial sanction to annexation, it might be overcome by united action on tho part of tho colonies. It was for tho benefit of nil the colonies that Queensland had moved first in the matter, and the necessity of forming a government for New Guinea might a£fotd justification and ground for federal action which ssould lead to federation. At present tho Australian colonies have no means of giving authoritative effect to their wishes except through tho medium of har Majesty's Government, for thoy are not represented in the Parliament which dominates tho whole Empire. Aa thero is co immediate federal work fc> be dono in securing peaceful supremacy for Australian interests ia the adjoining seas, a convention of delegates might be held to discuss tho bast's upon si-btch a Federal Govern- i ment could bo constituted. This was tho form of joint action adopted in Canada before tbo Dominion was con- stituted, and it might lead here to tho formation of a Dominion suitable, to lho circumstances of Australia ; cot I repressing the autonomous Governments of the colonies, but pioviding the means of united action on behalf' of Australian .interests. The memorandum suggphts that, in tho first place, there should be joint representation from all the colonies, urging on her Majesty's Government the con- sideration of thoir determination with regard fo New Guinea ; also inviting the British Government to move in the dtiection of providing a Federal Government for Australasia. The lion. James Service (Premio»- of Victoria) bas bean in communication with tho South Australian Government in reference to the Agent-General ni that colony withdraw- ing fioin co-operation with Victoria on tho annexation quostiou. The lion. J. C. Bray, the Chief Secretary of bouth Australia, has explained that his Government con- sidered the Now Ilvbnde* question should be allowed to rest, after tho alleged agreement entarediuto between Franco | and England. Mr. Service, in reply, stated that he hoped that íouth Aii6tittlia svould yot soo ila way to join with the rest of the colonies in pressing both clainis upon the Im- perial Government, but as yot ho has not beru successful. This refusal on tho part of South Australia complicates matters, The House of .Representativos in Now Zealand has passed u series of resolutions rospeoting tho annexation question to tho following offect :-First, approving of tho action taken by tho Government in the matter hitherto ; socond, that tho Imperial Government should under existing circumstances tako steps to ostublish British rulo over all tho Paoific islands not occupied or protected by nny foreign powor, and occupation of ivbieh islands by a foreign posvor would bo detrimental to the interest« of Australasia ; third, that in tho os'ont of its being mado au absoluto condition that tho Aus- tralasian colonies should contribute a fair proportion of tho cost, it bo nccosBary that tho Importai Government should turuish a statement of thoamount îequircd from each colony before Parliament bo asked to concur in a courso of'proce- dure, peihaps involving serious additional taxation; fourth, that Sir George Grey'e Annexation Bill, with tho above re bolulions embodied, bo passed. In tho dobato on tho nddrcss in reply to the Governor's Speech, members of both Houaeaof tho'Tasmanian Parlia- ment spoko strongly in favour of the Pacific annexations, but showed no disposition to bear the oxponeos. Tasmania will sympathise strongly Avith the federal movement, if not too costly. There is no opposition to the Ministry. F'rom Brisbane we learn that th9 three French convicts from New Caledonia, who mado their escape1 and were arrested three months ago, have confessed themselves to bo convicted criminals. Thoy havo hi'on repeatedly brought up, and romsnded for the production of ox 'dence, and were again brought up at tho Police Court on July 25. The F'rench authorities have benn communicated with, but information has boen recoived that thoy intend to take no steps ra this caee to obtain the extra- dition of tbo prinonors. It is believed that the men cannot therefore legally bo any longer detained in custody. This information is cousidored to bo of so grave a character that tho Government havo telegraphed to the Agent-General to inform the Secretary of State for the Colonies that tho I roach Government refuse to take back thoir criminals from this colony. Tho convicts were again brought'up at the Polico Court on July 26, and were discharged, owing tu there being co evidence brought forward against thom to warrant thoir detention in custody. Our Noumea correspondent writes on July 14:-"The Bruet, war steamer, returned to Noumea on Sunday, the 8th. According to the Xowtlh Caltdtnimne, shs oommu- ' pleated «1th thsD'Eetrees at the New Hébrides, thencw left far Sdafcana. and callad at th« narah «tul of NiW Caltdpajft to telegraph to the Government ; from Brisbane hera, having hjften aide-do- camp of tho Governor in Australia waiting an expected telegraphic despatch from flip French Govern- ment, for tho receipt of which it is supposed the DuplpH is ; delayed, she having been expected here on tho 7th. A com- pany of marine infantry is roady formed bera should the occupation of tho Now Hebrides be decided upon. _'Ihe Dupleix arrived carlyon tho 11th, and with her, it is said, in care of the Governor's aide-de-camp, the expected despatch from tho French Government, a communication of which in the public interest is urged by tho press. Nothing moi o is as yet known hore as to the movements in the New Hebrides of either tho Bruat or tho D'Estross, all roports on the subject being mere biuniises. 8oma startling information is given in the two last issues of the Nco-Caledonie respecting tho expected orrivol here of thousands of récidivistes. These people, it is now known, are to be sent here under a rule of absolute hborty, without tho\\(mitTCstraint~lfi liberte absolute, sans aiicunt'restrtetion -but the rule of liberty in tho territory devoted to tho transportation ; i.e., comments the Neo-Calciknic, tho whole colony is to servo as a cage in which these birds will havo every facility to circulate. The Fiji Times of July 7 remarks:-" No'hing can bs clearer to the colonists in Fiji than the utter futilitv of ex- pecting any amelioration in their condition at tho hand» of the Imperial Government on their own unsupported repre- j sentation. Tbo indications are all to tho contrary cftect. I and tho disposition is apparent to rivet still tighter the I chains of our servitude. The prospect of release entirely ' depends upon tho interest which the powerful Australasian colonies can be induced, by the possession of common sympathies and a natural love of jusfico, to take in the matter. Most gladly will the colonists of Fij'i acquiesce in the proposition of annoxation to either, as an escapa from their present inlolciablo position." Our Norfolk Island correspondent writes ;-" The festi- vities in honour of her Majesty's birthday» wera multi- farious. The chief magistrate had sn officially select dinner party, which was flooded by the advont of tho nautical strangers, the 'select' guests having to take a back seat. However, wbira all were welcome, and, nlthough short of loom, no lack of good things, nothing indeed was left to mar tbn jollity of tho occasion. Tha anniversary of the landing of tho Pitcairncrs on Norfolk Island, Juno 8, was as usual a close holiday. The Bounty business was of coursa repealed, officers and men mustering for duty early in the morning, atlired correctly according to naval standard. After marching about tho town to tho edification of the juveniles and ladies, anchor was dropped alongside the old Bounty's gun, and preparations commenced for tho great event of the day, the cricket match, H.M.S. Bounty v. All-comors. Tbo game was played with perhaps more Spirit than science, and after a tough contest was decided against the tars, much to their chagrin. The boll in the evening was exceptionally well attended. The whaling season is about to commence. Soven boats are ready for launching." A letter from tho New Hebrides, published in Nonmei, speaks of a dry season, two tons of maize per hectare (2i acres), and of tho immense numbers of wild pigs, making cultivation impracticable without pig-proof fences. By one shot at night 30 at least wore put to flight, passing almost between tho ehoofer's legs, who was HO dazed that bo made no second shot. The country is described ns fabulously fertile, well watered, and speciólly ndapted [for growing sugar-cane. An interesting gathering took place in Auckland on the 2nd July. A meeting of officers and men, resident there, who took part in tho Russian war in the Crimea and Baltic, in 1854-5, was held in the Carlton Academy, Hnbson-streot. Captain Handley, who, as cornet in tbo" Scots Greys, led the right troop of that regiment in the heavy brigade charge at Balaklava, where he was wounded, was voted to the chair. Mr. Hazard was appointed secretary, and Captain Birmingham treasurer. In addition to tho fore* poing, the following were also present :-Dr. Boyntun, Messrs. W. Steen. Charles Alfred Bydder, William G. Garrard, Richard Mav, James Forrest, Joseph Pridmore, George Linthwaite, Georpn Laverock, Robert Harrison, Henry William Napper, William Power, Adam Cairns, W. Robertson, W. Bond, and Anderson. The object of the gathering was to maka arrangements for holding an annual dinner and reunion on the anniversary of the fall of Sebastopol, and a committee was appointed to take the necessary steps to carry out that object. As the anniversary of that historical event falls this vear on a Sunday, it was resolved that the dinner should be held on the following Monday, tho 10th of September. The following telegram has been forwarded to the Minister of Education of South Australia hy the Acting Government Resident in the Northern Territory: "Favenc and Crawford anived to-day at D-ily Water«, after examining the country about tho Macartlijr River apross from the Queensland boundary via Nicholson River to Powell's Creek. Creaghs and party arrived nt Catherina Waters, accompanied by his wife. Mr. Favenc, says the trip was niora successful than ho had anticipated, and that his report will be of value to the Northern Territory." Mr. Favenc also telegraphed to the Hon. J. L. Parsons a report to the affect that the Macarthur drains a large extent of good pasture land, which was available for both sheep and cattle. The country travelled over waa suffering soverely from the want, of water. Apparently there had boen no wet season for the last two years. But the country was watered by mogcificent springs independent of the local rainfall. One" spring from the cleft at the edge of the tableland forms a waterfall into a small lake. Tho Mac- arthur ia said to bo a fine river, with broad reaches of water and high banks, whate there ia deep water to tho very algo. A vessel could be loaded and discharged alongsido tho bunks, which run down sheer into deep water for miles. 