WILLIAMSTOWN RACING CLUB MEETING. . The , usual Easter meeting in con n wtiobi with the :Williamstowi Racing Club took c;place on IMioela .R 'Two ipbcial- trains left the Spencer street station convmey iin a large number df visitors ta~iithin a i hort distance of the course, ad: liefore the hour. of stating of thie fist race tbere ,-as a ivery good uittendance-: The day re mained besautifullyt fine until. shortly before the starting of,the -third evenit on the cardi when aiheavy down pour of raim'set in, andclthe weather continued wet for the resmainder of the afternood. The racing errangements were twell carried ~ out; and although the fifelds were not large; the different events were Pell contested,!the finish of the Altona Handicap'being pa?ticu larly interesting" -elow rwe give an acconiit of the racing.- I IFh DICAP HORDLE RACE, of 50 sova. Two Mt. G. Cripps's bm Yarree.. 1 Mr. R. Betty's b g Stormbird- ... ... 2 Mr.. i Jacob's chm Merry Maid :.i: 3 On the fall of the flag. Sto'rmbird ru.shed to the front, and showed the way over the first '-huirdle, 'followed by'. Merry Maid, Yarree,-. and Eros.' In this order they ran along the back, round the turn, and past the stand.' Passing the training stables, Stormbird still held command, and the favourite began to move to the front. At the back, Eros and Merry Maid deprived Stormbird of the lead, but at the turn he came again, the trio rounding. the turn almost abrest, with Yarree apparently ont of it. Entering the straight Merry-Maid led, hut Yarree came with a great rush, and won, all 'out, by half a dozen .lengths frbm Stormbird, with Merry Maid neot. Eros came down at -the last hurdle, but forthnately escaped injury. ' ALZroA HaD?lsnr of 50 soes. Five furlongs Mr. O. Jones's ch g The Ghost ... ..: 1 Mr. J. Wittingham's br f Honors .. Mr. L. Smith's b m Haidee of the Bills ' 3 The start was prolonged to' a weaisome length, and when the flag. finally fell, Honors obtained an advantage of a couple of lengths, while The Ghost was left some distance in the rear. Before going far; however, Haidee of the Hills joined Honoras and The Ghost passed Stationer, and took third place. In this order they rounded the turn into the straight,. where the leaders foolishly ran wide, and Kilby, seeing the opening, whipped The Ghost up on the inside, and an interesting' race ensued up the straight, resulting In favour of The Ghost by a head, Haidee of the Hills being third, and Stationer a bad last. TELEG PHa 'STAKEs, of 50 sovs. Half a mile. Weight for age, Winner to be sold for £50. Selling allowances, 71b. for every £10 reduction in 'price. Mr. JA.. Lang's br h Doctor, ... ... lr: T. Jones's br f Queen'Eliiabeth ... 2 Mr. S. Miller's ch g Kanoota .. ... 2 A protracted delay occurred at the start, owing to Kanoota bolting with his'rider. At length the puartette were despatched to a straggling start, the favourite being first away, followed by Queen Elizabeth and Kanoota, Plato running outside the starting post and losing all chance of. the race. BRonnding the turn, Doctor was well in. front, and, never being headed, won easily from Queen Elizabeth, with Kanoota third. GALO WAY. Srxar. Handicap. of 25 sots; : Five furlongs. For galloways, 3 years old.and upwards, 11 hands 2in. Mr. J. Dallaway os b m Prattle... ..; I Mr, J,'Cripps's b m Villiage Lass ... 2 r.. S. Moore's b m Flying Bee ... - ;:' 3 This race was run jn a heavy shower of raii,' tjie'fiavoiite making all the runni?ng .and winning comfortably hy a length from Village 'Lass; Flying Bee, ontpaced, lat: STEEPLECHASE, Of 50 sove. Two miles. Mr. T. Coffy's ch h Premier, .. .. Mr. B. Howie's bg Breechloader ..... ... 2 Mr. A. F. Bradshaw's b g Ascot ... ... 3 Hector was the quickest on his legs at the start, and made play over the first fence, where. he blundered badly, and nearly came down. Cruiser then assumed command, with Hector, Premier, and Governor following in the order indicated, Ascot and Breechloader bringing up the rear. No alteration in this order was observable as they ran past the stand At the fence at the-turn, Hector ran offi Premier soon ofterwarda went't6 the front, and never being headed; won by a little over- length" ; Bredchloader came with a wet sail at the finish,; and was a good second, Ascot was a bad third, Governor fourth, and Cruiser last. SrATOnD HAlZICAu, of 75 sovs. One mile S...--__»d.A quart.r---.- _ Mr. J. Patterson's bl gBlack Diamond 1' Mr. L. L. Smith's b h Dougaston ... 2 Mr. Whittingham's br f L'Afri ne ... 3 Lapstone obtaioed a trifling advantage' of a proftrte.d start, ua4 led pasut the tand, _ith4 L'Africale,, Balthazar. and Li$d' next, i4 "the others in a cluster. Ronading the turn Black Diamond and Linda siuled" themselvei out.'from the others and rsild ide by side put the tr=ain- tabl anid: alat the back. olel at some ditaince b altbhazar and SLicinds actin u whipper in. Black Diamond maintmined his adantage throughout, and woin omfortably by h i'length from Dooato, who came very fast the finish. L'Afriine was third, Balthsatr foerth, and Lucind last. Next week "B Raw ecruit" intends start ing his series of articlie on the late volunteer 'escsmpeit at QusaMliff, which may be ,look-for inou? ?owi .. ...' '. . I 