'AOTA POBULL ' ? .. Br THE FliANECR. ' Judges ought, abovo all, to remember the conclu sion of tho Bomfui twelve tables, ° Salus'populi swprqma lex,' and to know that laws, except thoy be in order to that end, are hut tilings catiopus, and oracles not well-inspired.' —Bacon. ' It is tho duty of a judge, to consider not only the facts, but the circumstances oi' the case also.' —Ovid. ' A judge ought to weigh well not only what hevmay do, but also what he ought to do.' — Ciceeo. The 'boagle hye' of every journalist, and in fact of .'very man who has tho welfare of the people ah heart is turned to-day on the fair, round form of our gifted Atfcorney-^enoraL Mr. Dalley has already declared he will speedily have a Bill inlroducod to amend our present so-called law of libel. Nothing requires amending more, and no one in our community ia better fitted for the task. As it now stands our libel law is a thing of shrods and patches, and it bearB the widespread reputation of being the very worst that can be found ouf-.aido of the Si-li-ba-boo Islando. It is noithov just to tho people, nor fair to tho judgeea at least fco judges who do not approve of innova tions, and consider- with Bacon that ' a judge's office ia jus dicere, and not jus dare : to interpret; law, and nou to make law.' Taking tho law 'o£ libal just aB it is now, it is perfectly safe to say that there is not a single paper printed ia this colony which does not con» tain in each issue one or more item3 which are quifco firm enough to support a £20,000 cause with comfort — at least to the plaintiff. Not long ago a Dubbo gentleman threatened fco make saattera very oultry for tho local journal because it in advarfcsntly printad the title J.P. after his name. According to the strict letter of tho law hia was a splendid hand. It hold the right and left bower and tho four aceu. All he had to do was to swear tho titlo was unfounded, calculated to bring him into public ridicule, and was tho immediato causo of his being 00 crumpled up in hoalth that a kick from a liorso would knock him dov,'n, and he could seldom sleep except at night time. Thooe pleas would havo v/ipod out fcho Dubbo editor's Oc hi ono act. '. ,' ' Taking up another journal at random — lab us J ' . call it the DaieY DtrsT-BlN — I find undor what is [ facetiously headed ' Society Items,' the follow-; ing plain, undiluted libel — ' Jackie fcho barber plays tho fluto. 5 Tommy make room for your^ Undo ' is kio favourite tune. ' What did Emma buy the 6avto for ? ' Mi passant, thio stylo of information, i regret to oay, ia growing estromoly popular with ninny country journals, and. it ia1 what might be fcermGd the scavenger's imitation' of a liko disgusting style supplied to the First1 Families of England by such mud-headed idiots' ae ' Amiens,' oi the London Society ' Jeames -r- Journal, j Dealing with fche above par. &3 a 40-horse-j power, double-barrelled libel, however, we have,; first of all, the fact that it is not true. ' Jack' the barber ' doeo not play the flute. He simply, spits down one end of it,, Bind then there comes! forth a Borieo of diomai moans that would make even the most gentlo Quaker in the land fii; to jump i up and dance a sand-jig on tha head of his a,r,e(i| mother. Then again, the plaintiff declares tVri*1 is no ouch person . ao Jack the barber about th-\ district. His name is Mr. John K. D. Z. SrnytheJ and he is a duly qualifiod profossab. of the arl [ fconsorial. Sore then wo have two statornontej proved to be untrue, and these or oourao mujtr necoBEjarily afcect the othoro. It io ausorted the chargea were 'made solely in behalf of the! public good j but the next oontence clearly shows' they wore not. They simply apply to. some un-: fcndwn person called Thomas and his uncle. We] are not even told which undo. Thomas may I havo 2000 uncloc by his mother's side, and 1999' by hia father's. Surely the public aro not eup-j posed fco inquire which one out of that immonsej crowd is the peroon for whom the aforesaid Thomas was called upon to provide the desired' ?.: accommodation. Then again, the query is deh-^j, ''-? borately put — ?'What did Emma buy (.he livlnEjylj; for?' Thio is mutter which ia foreign to all ihafO went boforo, and as tho late Lord Lumbevlicid -''j laid down in Nobbs v. Dobbs, 'Any matter whifh .| ?? ? is pi'oved to be foreign to a caoe in point ha') f clearly no connection with it.' It would almo°i i appear that an unfounded charge is even mado, ? or afc least insinuated, against this person Smma. What did she buy the tarts for ? It might bo i argued that she bought them to polt at Jack the barber's head, and by thuo putting a stop for ever to hio yelping in this world, confer a benefit on society at large; but even no, Emma would bp tho benefactor, not the proprietor of the D\ily Dust-bin. This, however, would lead to '.ho criminal prosooution of tho said Emma, aiiri[ poBsibly to civil proceedings being takon by1 Thomas and his 8999 uncles to recover possession \- of Jack the barber's flute, but these matters would [ in no way affect tho public good. There ia a still \ ^ more serious aspect of the case Io be looked ai »,i *? *?- It is this : it is not proved that Emma evec!$: bought the tarts afc all. Ifc io simply an ipse diviifi ' ?? nolcfis volens delmuui i:r ?emens de lunatico inqui-%, vend® statement of the defendant, who probably f ' Intended it as a hint to Emma, as to how she could rid tho world of tho fluto-faking Jack the barber. This, thoreforo, is tho caoe for you rlf^l-, fl ' beats in that judicial sheop-pon to consider '''' There ia no such person as Jack tho harbor. 17 c '''' does not play tho flute. lSrgoy you havo two) false statements made at once, and both aro cA-\ culated to irretrievably ruin Jack tho barber, Tha matter does not°beav on the public good at ' all, but simply concerns an ? individual rn'mod Thomas, and bin probably mythical uncla by hic-! mother's side. Lastly, a base atfcompt at th; [ assassination of Jack tho barber is suggested to ono Smma, who is provod to have no existence ?whatever, so that the barber's life is clearly in * ' tho greatest danger possible. Lastly, again, it i*j '' ' manifestly clear there aro no such poraous living! as Jack tho barber, the person Thomas, his uncle,; '' '' ' the girl Emma, or the tarts ; and therefore you; must find a vordicfc in full for the plaintiff. Uov?| clear to your room, and ruminate in private. The! '.' . ? above is not to bo construed into any reflection [ on our judgos, for they oimply deal with the law|; as it bow standf. It is tho law that requires! ?i ' mending, not our judge:) ; and it would not bat j': very hard to Ltviat thio law round ao that it could ?' La made to suit my summing up in the case of Jack tho barbor. Mr. Dallcy to tho resouo. ^-. ' : The whirligig of Fato brings round sona« ?*,' - . surprising situations during ita mad turns, but few havo been more startling than tho unenviable . ,- , , position in which tho remarkably cautiouo pro ''., '.-.,A prietovs of the oldest metropolitan journal have v / boon euddonly placed through fchoir ono notable ? ? ' attempt to do the Stato oomo doxvIcjo. Of course ? -. ' , they 4iavo tho rather general sympathy of tho : ' ' jpublics but sympathy does not pags ourront when ._?-,,? . the gentlomon of the wig and gown call round tc know what about their littlo bills. By tho v/ay. something very liko an amuBing iucidont turned -?up durisg tho rooenfc trial. Mr. Dai'loy, Q.O.r.- ventured to think tho lato Lord Ohiof Juotico ok,' England (Sir A. Oockburn) was ono of the grealestj :. ( lawyers that ovor adorned the Bench. Thonhej 1; paused for a reply, and it is said our own Shy' j- Tphigd significantly romarkod, ' Well, ho waa a;, ; 'clcvor man,' Mr. Dnrley than of courne: ! did what ho should at firnt— viz., poiutodj ; 'out tkit; whon ho pcoocd hi3 eulogium on the do-j-. ., ''j-3O3od English judge, he o? corn-so meant. ' pre-, j L-Dnt company ozeeptecl.' Then the ' prosont', ,. 'company ' became ouddonly engrossed in husi-j;. ,noss, but a careful oboarvor could dotect on each; : ' Henrned fuco a trace of that kindly omilo which; ' |one generally notaQ on tho countenance of a family ''cat after it has just succeeded in swallowing t;hc! ,' Missis' ' favourite 10 guinea prize caaavy.! 'Judge Paucett, hor/evor, didn't seem to hook on'-' 30 briokly, and &a; our friend fcho only Auotvalian( lorntor, ©avid, poetically obsorved, it was noticed1' bhat -( a wee gestyooro o' in-crea-doolity might be seen ta' creep o'er fcha face o' can-jour.' I have -vice been told this item ia partly true, and, partly otherwise — generally ?. spanking othovwiso,] _t !i I'd like to send it along as it shows that great| natures are ever ready to laud kindred doservinyj ' 'qualities v/hich they flnd in others. Two true! 'masters of a trade do agreo. Now what inj \ .thunder is Judge Fauoott laughing over thiojy ?' time? 1; li ? if? i ? s I ' The lot of a Sydney citizen is not a happy ono, ^ [r jbut he bears hio troubles like a roast lamb. He ^ K bias ever a tear in his eye like a widow's pig ; but s^ [ |she abuses' of ages, though rained incessantly on?^ ^ais devoted ,head, seem to havo no more effect on £ VjJ&n; life than a broad-poultice would havo on tl «'_* j?\jhins of Captftin Oook's old statue. But yester--1 ipsSay Prefesoor Donton told the oitizou tho only : [rfjfirink to keep him alive waa puro water ; but the,; lust as wall addsd that his only food ohould ! i&e; grilled oteak off tho ' Q-reat. Bcnr' or a choope v ^ made out of the Milky Way. One is just ns ao-r cossiblo to tho Sydney cit. as the other, porhupp, - ?ven a little more so. To-day the indefatigable Burton Bradley declares the only way to escape disease, and postpone death, sine die, is to lay up _, season s&ock; of fresh air. But as ho fails to toll us whoro tho present ii-obIi air manufactory lich,| bis information is of no moro use fco us than it isj 'io ouv unfortunate friend, the late Mr. Ootov/ayo.i lOur city io not osactly kept as ov/eot as a nui1 (unless a very musty one io men.nl.) ; and evon mi mro of ouv aristocratic eectiona-ono occasionally, -cto o whiff as loud as a whole Moore Park full of, anld-.vtillcry. Our fresh air is too diluted with1 d'e&h; seworage, Mr. Bradley, and I only know oi 'one place whore a puro breeze can be enjoyed,j 'and that is round Wooliooraooloo during -c flush ' .lime. If it is not pure it is at least strong. I Most of tho Sydney cit.'s misories aro traceable to his City Pathem, and fchis reminds mo, a lottor '-Jias iccently appoarod r.okiag on what date tho Jjpst part of our G?own Hall clock ' stoppod short! jievor to go any mora.' This is a question that ! pzn only bo answered after a long courso of tlilit,nnt antiquarian resoarch. Wot long ago a ilor.fl man was dug up in Goovgo-atroef;, and from uho ])OQit.ion in which ho was found, and uho fact oi; hia having a frying-pan looking! V/ofch in his hand, it was inferred ho was ?jotting this watch by the Town Hall clock .Then he was accidentally run over by the steam roili'i1 and killed, April 1, 1770. This theory, hoover, wa3 completely upoet: by the discovery) !hat Galileo declared tho earth rovolved round ^fche sun even as the big hand moved round the dial plate of that seventh wonder of the world — 'the clock in the Sydney Town Hall. Upon thie( . 'his judges told him he was jus'o as ' crackod' ac the face of the said clock was to say so, and that it ho know anything at all he should have knowD the hands in question -hadn't moved since the dayo of Herodotus, who being an inquisitive sorb of an old roprobabo, broke open tho front platos to jee what happanod to bo inside of them. ?; Baron Mmachausen, who was tho ' spociaiy1 ?! oorrespondent' of his day, howovor, doclares in;-. tkia own simple 3tyle that whilst riding along Si I wild, troeleBfl, uninhabited shoro in tlio midst ol' fi; s blinding fall of snow for the good of his health [ lone night, tho savages pursued him ac; I oldsely that ho had to take to the bunhl 1 lot shelter. B^ midnight liho snow had; | risen something liko 200 foet, end aa ho hacj t »lr«ady trayalled 500 miloa, ho got oft hia hovsfj |andbitohed him to what ho thought wan a ismslij' i»ton«posb. When tho enow thawed next dcy,; y fcho Boron found ho had faatoned hia Arab ufcoacV yto tho top of tho Sydney Town Hnll, and th/1 Arabian in his death atruggleo had kicked the.: bulk of tho costly clock into smithereens. Thic, happened during the claoial period, but I think5' ' If we could only como across aomo of tho private! ) jcorrespondonco of Tub til Ouin, wo would find ihafe skilled mechanic had partly fitfeed up the§| ^lock some millions of years before, and the; J corporation having attempted to work him out :;:;. of hip proper price3 ho declined to carry out ther contrcob. Aoyway, tho exact date o2 the atop-; page oic tho clock must be ostromoly ancient, i because it is not oven within the recollection oi. : Paotor A lion, and ho can not only remember! oyento v/hich happened when Adam wan a boy.' shut bo can also explain all about things that; never happened at all. A postscript to tho letteij , '?which called up the above facts csko, whon in!, fcho niimo of the bald-headed ghost of Finn; ?M'Ooohl will the clock ever go again, but thicj 'conundrum I must leave for our spiritualistic, ' Mends to wrestlo with. A hurdy-gurdy and cv woodon-loggod alien monkey, who fought at the' 'battle of tho Boyno, will bo presented to anyone, {who sends along a correct solution. Thoy say, time waits for no one, but our time is willing to 'wait until the 'Last Man' wishes to sot hie ;i/atch to be well up for the general judgmont. 