SOCIAL CHARACTERISTICS OF THE UNITED STATES. Br ARCHIBALD FOBBES. II. A very interesting phase of Amerioan ' society ' is !ta keen sympathy with tilings artistic Oscar Wilde vent to America with a sham, and self-constituted mission, to infuse into its benighted people the prin» ciples of what he and the paltry filagree-work school of which he is an aocident prate about as ' true art.' He found to his discomfiture that cultured Americans knew a great deal more about the principles of art than he could tell them ; and that they had learned in a school the canons of which inculcated a higher ideal than could be attained by what lavishness soever -« Dnnflninir and lilv defloration, nnifo of what ha na.\\\aci I the ' gaudy, leonine beauty ' of the first vegetable, 1 and the' tender grace ' of the latter. The people I went to hear him as a divertissement, and 'guyed ' I him ruthlessly. The artistic career of America has I been somewhat arduous and chequered. People in a I . new country have to begin at the beginning of things. ? Go out to a bush shanty in the remote region beyond ? Inverell, or into a shepherd's '? humpy ' in Queens I land, and you will find the logs or the bark pasted 9 over with illustrations cut from the Graphic and ? the Illustrated London News. This is simply the 9 eviden oe of the artistic instinct struggling to make ? the little artistic best of very adverse conditions. The 5 Americans began on bad copies of good pictures, and on a rpurJous rubbish with which their ignorance was 3 defrauded. It was by dint of hard-bought experience B that they ripened into fastidious connoisseurs. Let me ? give an instance. I know an old gentleman who lives B in a beautiful house in the picturesque uplands which I overhang the Bhineland-like city of Cincinnati. Many B years ago he made his fortune in dry goods, sold out, B and determined for the reBt of his life to devote him fl self to art. Well, he didn't know anything about art ; ? tut he could learn, couldn't he ? So he went to fl Europe and opened his purse. Of course he got ' stuck '' fl with copious rubbish. But he went to school on the B xubbisb, eo to speak. Nest campaign, it needed a fl higher style of rubbish to take him in ; and in the B course of a long sedulous career of art investment he B has ripened into a connoisseur of admirable taste and B faultless acute ness. The wiliest getter- up of bogie B srt treasures will not now adventure the hopeless B enterprise of throwing dust into the eyes of B the dry goods man. Hie beautiful house, itself an B art treasure because of the varied beauty with which B its interior is inlaid with native American woods, is B an art museum of genuine taste and high intrinsic B value. But if he takes a liking to you, the old gentie B man will reveal to you the steps of the ladder by which B . he has attained to connoisseurship, the milestones in B the arduous costly journey. Here is a room in B the basement crammed with the veriest im B postures — 6ham Etruscan vases, sham china, sham old B masters, sham tapestry, sham everything. Then, B here is another room wherein most things are frauds, B Gutless arrogantly ostentatious frauds. Yet another B room °£ comparative genu ineness, but of comparative B humility also ; representing a new departure into the B xealm of artistic truth, hut penetration only to the out B ljing frontiers of that realm. From this new birth B thi gradus ad Parnassum was severe indeed, but the B upland path, if steep, was straight and well defined; B ' but that path is illustrated in old Prooasco's mansion B by not a few chambers that are the cupboards wherein B are hidden the skeletons of his struggle with art. B The 'millionaire Americans are profuse picture* B buyers, in Europe as well as in America. To any B Australian taking the Pacific mute to or from England, B and having the time to spare during a halt in San B Francisco, the picture galleries of Mr. Charles Crocker B and Governor Leland Standford are readily accessible B en presentation of a card. Mr. Yanderbilt shares B with Professor Holloway, of the pills, the distinction B of being the Me noir of the commissioners charged B with the purchase of pictures for the national galleries B of Europe. Neither Yanderbilt nor Crocker is a con B coisseur ; but they know of what schools they like the B exemplars, and they aim at securing the pick of the ?I Work of these schools. They employ experts to ensure B genuineness, and to make their purchases ; and when B these come along they employ other experts to hang B them to advantage. 'Brutal capital!' exclaims the B ardent yet thrifty connoisseur, with a fierce sneer. B 'Capital,' if you choose, sir ; the dollars are not to be B gainsaid ; but wherein the ' brutality ' ? B Some members of New York society have established ? a sort of guild under the name of the ' Associated fl Artists,' of which guild the high functionaries are B a Mrs. Wheeler and a Mr. Tiffany. The ' Associated fl Artists ' are designers of ornamental textile fabrics, B and they have affiliated to them an establishment of. B dexterous and accomplished artisans, by whom their B designs are embodied by the processes of colouring and I weaving. Mrs. Wheeler is now engaged on a cartoon, B a i u '*° ^e 'Produced *n tapestry, representing B Aphrodite rising from the waves 'with her attendant B i^l ,^-y.aitV}tw &iend; writes to me in'a rapture : ? p Aphrodite is a charmingly lithe, buoyant figure, B «-.ag enough, intense enough, to satisfy Burne Jones B ^mseW.' When I visited the establishment, I was B 2?™**. and amazed by the wealth of the embroideries, B 'Pestries, portieres, ourtains, hangings, that were B r*T f16 '* M k™8*1 profusion. My own artistic B £? ? do not P16*614 to eweax by; bat Hubert Her B xu'? 8. name b M weU feown in Australia as in that I ci2r A^ademy » PicoadiUy of which he is an aaso fl *^m Herkomer raved over .those fabrics, enthusias fl JmTf? glaring that the work was far in advance of B tW 'If Oae m My o£ t116 ^t Schools of England or B eriS ** He *» 'B™* that there Should be an B rafelf^VV1' 'm ^naoa. oonviooed that -it would I -U?ftj!et'indard wherever thdwn. fl -*««, ? UmattI 8Ockly the two favourite avocations ? * ffiUfllc to* pottery. Probably the biggest thing of 'the kind in the world is Cinoinnatti's ' musical fes tival.' A vast building, specially constructed, is de voted exclusively to the celebration of the sacred fort night of song. Italian operas are given. Colonel Mapleson takes thither the company of ?' Her Majesty's servants,' with whom he is the impressario of the New York opera season. Patti has sung, at the fabulous tariff of about 10 guineas ft note, in the last two festivals, There ard concerts in the afternoons; the evenings belong to opera. The Cincinnatians lave themselves in the musical stream; it is no casual dip — one concert or one opera ; it is de riguiur to hold seats for the whole festival. These seats are sold by auction, and there is an almost crazy competition for more eligible ones. The ceramic art study is less ardent, but probably more thorough. The ledies make vases from the chastest classic models, or ? they give therein to their own fancy in making others with no other model than their own ideal. These vases, as wellg as plaues, cups and saucers, they paint with patient aspiration after the beautiful, the quaint, and the fanciful, I call to mind some porcelain painting which three girls showed me in. their workroom in a pretty mansion in the Clifton suburb. On a eet of vases of identical shape, severe, yet graceful, were depicted brilliant-plumaged birds flitting through a tracery of wild flowers, or perched on a spray in the heart of a maze of feathery foliage. Each bird was of a different species, each floral or leafy setting was distinct. The colouring was exquisite ; as web the picturesque deli cacy of flower and leaf. So far as my judgement goes, the palm for true artistic genius as welt as for intuitive taste in composition, and for vivid accuracy in the charming accomplishment of flower painting, belongs againet the world to a lady of your own clime, although it is Victoria, not New South Wales, which possesses her ; but the work of those Cincinnati girls could at least have borne to be shown alongside of hers. The potter-ladies of Cincinnati maintain among them an oven, wherein their handi work is baked with due pains and skill. But, indeed, pottery, flower-painting, and music apart, Cincinnati is a noted art centre. Some of your readers may remember the wonderful cartoons done for the long defunct Tomahawk by Matt Morgan. That clever artist found it advisable to bid adieu to the shores of Britain, and he is now permanently settled in Cincinnati, engaged in designing for a firm of art Dublishers, at a salary of £2000 a year. At the risk of wearying the kind reader, I would fain give a little sketch of yet another 'society.' Before the war there were stately days and merry days in those fine roomy old mansions whoso ornate fronts, showing over the low trees that stud the esplanade pleasure ground, still confront the cool Atlantio breezes that blow athwart the fair waters of Charleston Harbour. These were the days of belles and balls in the beautiful capital of South Carolina ; of incom parable Madeira served at the tables of planters whose ancestry went back to our own cavaliers. The earliest and the bitterest of all the seceding States was South Carolina, Her capital was blockaded for years, bom barded once and again, ruined up to the very hilt. The old families, whose wealth lay in cotton andtlaves, were broken utterly financially, but the men of them did not live to know the pinch of poverty. No, they were true to the gallant blood that flowed in their veins; from the old men of GO to the lads of 15, they died for the oause; it was all that they could do. But, ah ! for the women, the ladieB whoBe laugh had been gayest, whose sparkle had been most winsome. The iron ground itself into their souls. They knew hunger, and squalor, and wretchedness unutterable. They lived on in the garrets. of the great mansions because these were unsalable; even to-day you may buy one of them for the price, of a Pitt-street store. And now, when all the world has been changing, and is changed around Charleston, when cotton mills whirr, and ships go and come, and cargoes of wealth-bringing pyrites are carried away to sea past the grim shattered ruin of the historic Fort Sumter, the old aristocracy of the South Carolinian capital stand aloof from the new order of things. I know families whose women earn a pittance by eeampstresB work, so that the man of the family, who cannot dig and js ashamed to beg, although he lets himself do a yet more shameful thing, may walk down to the club in fair raiment, and have the wherewithal to ask the room to join him in a drink, according to a custom which is not con fined to Australia. Charleston lives in the dead past ; it chews the melancholy cud of the great rebellion. Let a club conversation begin where it will, it inevitably drifts into recollections of that fierce time. The stranger finds himself here standing, as. it were, in a graveyard of men who are not dead, but who have ceased really to live since Lee's surrender at Appomatox Courthouse, The realities get crushed into his consciousness with a Btrange dramatic fierceness. I remember once adven turing an opinion in regard to the vexed question of the burning of Columbia. ' On the balance of circumstan tial evidence,' said I, ' it seems unlikely that Sherman burnt Columbia intentionally. He is so bold and out spoken, that I cannot see why, had he done so, he should not have owned to it, and justified it as a military necessity. Why should he lie about Columbia any more than abont Atlanta ? ' 'Circumstantial evidence be ? !' said a dark man, whose face flushed as he spoke. ' What does that count against pereonal proof? I was the last man of Wade Hampton's rearguard that evacuated Columbia as Sher man entered ; and I swear before God there was no spark o? fire in any bale of cotton as I rode out between the tiers stacked in the street ! ' 'And I, sir,' said another man, whose eye was glow ing like a lire coal — 'J, then a boy of twelve, was standing behind Sherman when he bade the bugler give the signal for the fire- raisera to get to work. 'Now we'll have a bonfire ! ' were the words he used. I defy him to look me in the face and say he didn't burn Columbia ! ' And so on, and so on. They do not plot, these people; they simply smoulder moodily. It iB the saddest ghost of a 'lost cause.' A Pole hopes against hope; the Charleston ex -confederate not only has no hope, but no wish. He has accepted the situation, only he cannot live up to it The present generation must paes away before Charleston takes to the new order of things. Meanwhile they visit economically, those ghostly people ; they are beautifully hospitable to the British stranger stranger, with a proud apology for the res angusta domU There is still a driblet of the old Madeira left, and I know no place in the world richer in old china, old silver, and priceless bric-a-brac But you cannot buy these although you may find people all but actually hungry among them. The superficial, not to cay the supercilious observer, may be apt to say in his haste that the regulations of so cial ettiquette are merely a bundle of arbitrary and petty enactments, whose chief object is to impart to life an irritating artificiality. But if one looks deeper one will recognise a distinct principle underlying the apparent quiddities, and may interpret a settled meaning in the merest seeming triviality. Take our own code, that which ? obtains equally in the mother country and in the colonies. Examine its laws in regard to women. These laws are simply a refinement on the method of treatment of women that has enured in Eastern coun tries from the days of Bebecca and Sarah until now, smoothened yet a little further by a lacquer made out of the debris of the chivalry of the middle ages, Yes, I woman is to be a queen, a g6ddess ; you are to defer to her in all sorts of pretty little ways, you are to approaoa her with entreaties if jou would win her ; you are, if you have the knack, to write verses on her beauty, or, if you have the voice, to eing the lays of other men, in praise of her charms. You doff your hat to her ; you accord her the initiative of recognition ; you solicit 'the honour,' whether for a waltz or for a promenade into the EIreian fields of matrimony. You put the social crown on her brows; you concede to her the social Eceptre, only the crown is of tinsel, and the sceptre is hollow. In effect, we treat our women j ust as the MahommedanB do, making allowances for the dif ferences between our civilisation and theirs. They im mure their women in the harem ; they compel them to veil themselves when they go abroad; they padlock them when the male owner goes away on a journey or a campaign. Their a priori attitude in recard to their women is the abiding conviction that they long for mischief, and that coercion, sequestration, and vigilant watchfulness are necessary to thwart this chronic anxiety. The Easterns ' shepherd' their women, to use a phrase familiar to every Australian ; and this because they consider shepherding eminently necessary. And is not tiu keynote to our own code of etiquette a similar Belief that the woman needs to be ' shepherded,' not by bolts and bars by harem guards, by the fear of poison or the sack, but by a network of draconian conventionalities? But for these conven tionalities which bear her up, such is her weakness, we say in effect, that she would be striking her foot against a stone at every ttep. Hence, for example, chaperones ; with the frequent reductio ad absv.rdv.rn of this con ventionality in the solemnly ludicrous spectaole of a younger sister who happens to be married furnish ing an elder sister who is still single with the cachet of social propriety. Of what text is the chaperon the standing expounder, if only you will pass behind the purdah of convention alities that have become second nature to you, and look straight into the heart of things ? Does she not preach — ' The heart of this single woman, and of every single woman, is by natuae deceitful and despe rately wicked ; ehe cannot be trusted alone lest she gratify her natural instinct of coming to grief ; it may be the blind leading the blind, but my function here is to save her from herself ?' When you come to dis eect things — to look into the principle of the mechanism of the social clock — it is just possible for an unprejudiced person, if happily he be very bold, to find himself tremblingly asking himself the question whether all this ehrpherding machinery of etiquette, so far from being a compliment, may not be an actual insult to the woman who is its flower-decorated victim. Autrcs pays, autres tnamrs. America has dared to emancipate herself from what she regards as the dis paraging bondage of this phase of conventionality. She has taken up a novel and startling attitude in rela tion to the young woman. She has developed the consummate and inconceivable audacity of regarding that ingenuous person as a sensible, reasonable, and responsible creature. She bas been guilty of the sacri lege to conceive that that tottering innocent can walk alone, and would be all the better for doing so; that when the bodily swaddling clothes have been laid aBide, and crinolettes adopted in their place, the mental swaddling clothes may be dispensed with in favour of a neat, purposeful attire of common sense, America takes the young woman into a corner very early in life, and says to her in effect, ''Seems to me the conservation of your own honour is a matter that affects you as a reasonable being more than it can any body else, I propose therefore to vest in you the guardianship of your own honour. Accustom your self to rely on yourself. The atmosphere about you Is pretty sweet ; don't chafe the fair bloom off the flower of your youth by euepeoting a enake in every tuft of grass ; remember within limits the motto of honi soit, and understand how the ill-thinking spoken of in that motto, done into English, simply spells pruriency. Be fearless, be wise ; your early training will have among its aims to effect that you keep your head cool ; on every hand you will find kindly and sympathetic women glad to advise and support you if need be; and so, my dear, go forward and prosper, in the name of God!' This is what America virtually said to her young women ever so loner ago ; so that generation after generation of young women have been born into and 'raised' under the social creed. I have studied with much interest the working and issues of the cult, and I venture to aver that it answers, although it is with fear and trembling that I do eo, because of a sinking consciousness of 'the chaperone's frown ; but I will not urge the personal arguments of escperto crede, because I recognise the obvious retort that one who is a partisan because of personal experi ence, may be the elave of a glamour. I am content to appeal to anyone who has had the good fortune to have some social familiarity with American ladieB— and to have this pleasure it is not necessary to leave Australia. * The frankness of the American young woman has in it a certain bewilderment and embarrassment for the British male person, especially if his collars be stiffly starched. She has 60 utter an absence of self -conscious- ness ; her mental equipoise is so serenely stable ; her lonhomie, if one may use the term, is so natural, that he cannot understand the problem. I assume him a gentleman, so that his intuition hinders him from a misconstruction of the phenomena that confront him. She flirte, he finds ; she is an adept in, flirtation, but it is a flirtation ' from the teeth outward,' to use Car Ijle's phrase; and he is fain to own to himself, like the fox-hunting farmer who tried unsuccess fully to get drunk on the claret, that he seems to ' get no for'arder.' But although the citadel of the fortress eeems to him strangely impreg nable, because of the cool alert, self-possession of its garrison, he will find, if he is the beleaguer whom fortune favours, that it will crown an honourable Beige by a graceful capitulation. Human nature is human nature all the world over. And there is no greater error than the prevalent one that domesticity is not a. leading virtue of American menages. That there is too much of hotel life for American families I concede, and I am fully conscious of the faults of the system ; but that it entails any impairment of higher domestic virtues I have failed to discover. It is not easy to see how a woman is deteriorated as the companion and friend of a man — as the participator in his aspirations, his troubles, his studies, his higher life — because her conditions release her from the duty of devising ] the details of a dinner, from the friction of demoniacal I domestics, from the drndgeiy of checking the grocer's pass-book and the sad realisation that all bakers are I liars, and mostly robbers as well. I The Amerioan girl, in her independence, has ' a lovely I time,' as she herself would style it I will pass over I the precocious festivities of her childhood. But I when she is due to ' come out,' her debut is a notable I oircumstanw. To give festive emphasis to that auspi- I cioue phenomenon, her parents must rise to the. height I of the occasion. That height may be a reception, or it I may be a ball ; but whichever it is, the funcionia a I special one, and the speciality of it is duly intimated I on the cards of invitation. Floral tributes pour I in from relatives and from friends who have I already an acquaintance with the debutante. I That radiant creature, with cool aplomb, stands I by her mother as the guests are announced, I and in a kind of halo of floral offerings, serenely ? I receives the tribute of congratulations, And eo she is I launched, and her career commences. She has a latitud e I at which an English girl, fed on conventionality till it I has got into her marrow, would thrill with & shudder. I If her ' folks ' are wealthy, she has her own ' parlour,' I and receives there the visits of her own friends. The ' I friends may be her friends exclusively; that is to say I they may not know her parents, or her sisters, or any- I body that is hers. If one of us nos autres from the I American viewpoint meet, let me say in Sydney, a I young lady of his acquaintance from Dubbo who is on I a visit to the capital and is fortunate enough to reoeive I permission to call on her, he leaves cards as well for the people of the house at which his fair friend may ba vUitiDg. A proper etiquette as it eeems to me, founded' on a true principle that you are doubly grateful to the hosiesF, whose hospitality has brought your friend within social ken of you, and whoBe threshold you have crossed to pay your respects to her guests.' But in ! America this amenity is not necessarily regarded. It is possible* for a gentleman to be a frequent caller on a lady without knowing any member of her family. I£ she has sisters, and no separate ' parlour' of her own, the Biettra have each her own days, and make their, arrangements in an accommodating and sisterly spirit. A girl in America can travel alone from New York to San Francisco without a thought of violated etiquette. She can cross the Atlantic alone, and not be guilty of a solecism until a freBh light comes to her with sur piice when she would put up at a British hotel. She walks out with a gentleman friend, who need not at all be the sweetheart ; ehe can go to the theatre with him, and ask him into her house to have a cup of coffee when he ehall have escorted her to her doorstep. Or if ehe prefers, the can go to the theatre alone, although her practice makes it sufficiently apparent that the prefers the companionship which. Ehe desig nates as an ' escort.' Is all this very shocking ? It startled me at first, but it is wonderful how soon you get ueod to things. I do not ask anybody to take my word for it; but I must record my profound conviction that the evil coming out of a liberty that at first sight seems to us marvellously clo39 to license, is singularly small. There are lapses occasionally; but the losses will bear comparison in paucity, of that I am aB&ured;, with those which occur under the conventional regime, under the system of eedulouB ' shepherding.'' You know the old Saottish pioverb, ' He who will to Cupar, maun to Cupar.' There are ehee, alas, as will as hee who ' maun to Cupar;' but just as they will gravitate thither when left free agents, you will not keep them from getting there by the most assiduous guardianship, short of the Eastern system of absolute incarceration. And I think there are as few in America as in any other country who set their pretty, wicked faces resolutely in the sad direction of the Scottish borough town. Before quitting a subject whioh I have very far from exhausted, I would like to say something about American summer resorts. Some years ago Saratoga was the leading haunt of American summer fashion. It was an enlarged Hombourg, leaving out the gambling establishment, with an infusion of the Grand Hotel at Brighton exaggerated twentyfold. Women dressed five times a day and danced half a night, The visitors lived in huge hotels, at each of which there was a ball every night. There was no exercise save a dreasedto death dawdle on the promenade. Australia has nothing that is the faintest adumbration of Saratoga. It still exists ; it is crowded, and the ' hops ' are as lively and the dresses as gay and as frequently changed as ever; but it is the resort now of only second-rate people, and of foreigners who think that they are studying here the eccentricity of American good society. The latter has of late years undergone a wholesome change of Bentiment as regards the pleasures of summer life, There haB been a great awakening to the beauties of nature and to the sweet charm of simplicity. People orave to smell the fresh briny breezes, or to get away into sequestered up land regions, and live among leaves, aad rocks, and waterfalls. Hotel life has ' given out ' in favour of the quieter and more domestic cottage life. Of course there is luxury, but the luxury is accompanied by at least comparative simplicity. And then there is Newport Bat to do justice to Newport, one ought not to bring it in at the fag-end of a long paper. It iB the summer resort of the elite of American society, which here alone, save at Wash ington,* assumes a cosmopolitan character, because visitors come to it as well from abroad as from.: all parts of the Union, although the New Yorkers arrogate to themselves the supremacy. At Newport people play with the fancy of being in Arcady, but it is a kind of Arcady peopled by Watteau shepherdesses. It is a, fabulously expensive place ; the price of a site for a cot tage would make a modest man like myself quite independent of the necessity for spoiling any more paper and wasting any more ink. Yes, they are cottages, but they are cottages ornees of a very sumptuous and elaborate type, while their interiors are museums of costly taste, their ex teriors are beautified by a wealth of rare flowers and exquisite foliage. In -the forenoons the quaint old town in which yet dwell descendants of the pilgrim fathers has its streets made lively by pretty' little basket phaetons, driven by ladies dressed with an elabo ration of simplicity; who amuse themselves by spending money in buying utterly useless but pretty trifles.. The afternoons are devoted to picnics, driving excursions, lawn tennis gatherings, polo meets, shott yacht voyages, boating, and hunting, for there is a pack of Eng lish foxhounds, which run a drag until it reaches a point where a wretched boy fox is turned down, and whioh in its bewilderment ^seldom, falls to furnish the hunt with the approved climax of ? ' kill,' There is the casino, whioh in the mornings is a sort of *' conversation-house,' and on certain even ings of the week is a ballroom; and there is the Red wood reading-room, where flirtations somewhat compli cate the desultory pursuit of literature. Altogether Newport is wither too lively for quiet people, and a good I deal too artificial for those who desire to enjoy 'the I charms of nature unsophisticated by the artificial con ditions of exacting fashion, ^ ^— — 