THE NOVELIST. JACOBl'S WIFE. BY' ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Her YVork in Life," " Beyond Recall, a Story of the Egyptian War," Ac., dec. CHAPTER VTL HILLSIDE FAEM. The time came at length when Joan was free to go back to the farm. The Spences were out of danger ; the other cases of fever in the village had been slight, and the care taken by Joan and Doctor Ambrose bad pre vented infection from spreading. Long con finement in the bouse and attendance in the sick-room had tried Joan's nerves and strength more than she liked to acknowledge. Her cheek had a paler tint and a sharper out line than it had worn in former days. But her step was firm and light; it was a great pleasure to her to go back to the old home life. A widowed sister of her mother's had been keeping house for her, as she was in the habit of doing on any emergency; but Mrs. Tuke was now wiBhfnl to return to her own little cottage on the borders of the village, and Joan felt that her place was with her father. She knew that he would miss Luke sorely; Seth was too silent and morose to fill the void made by the younger son's absence, and he was also much occupied by the fact of his recent betrothal to a pretty round-faced village girl called Patty Price, and was seldom at home in the evenings. Joan thought with some pleasure of the re sumption of her household duties; they were never a tie or a trouble to her, and she could never contemplate with equanimity the severity with which Aunt Lydia sometimes treated the farm servants, or the waste of money and food which would probably begin with Patty's reign. She quickened her steps as she neared the farmhouse door hi the golden glow of an August afternoon, for unusual sounds of voices and of laughter broke upon her ears. On entering the house she discovered that they proceeded from the parlour, which, in accordance with her mother's custom, Joan generally kept shut and locked. Here she found the tea-table spread, and the whole family assembled round it. Aunt Lydia, re splendent in black silk, and a cap adorned with nodding and funeral bugles, sat at the tea-tray. Reuben Darenth was opposite her, uncomfortable and ill at ease in appearance: Seth, in his Sunday clothes, wore a look of solemn satisfaction, rarely to be seen on his dark, heavy face; and beside him sat the cause of all this unusual merrymaking, in the person of Miss Patty Price. It was a mystery to every one what Seth Darenth could find to admire in this girl with her vain, pretty face, her fringe of yellow colours, her constant attempt to copy the current- fashions in dress and manner. She had been to a third-rate boarding-school, and had there acquired a'hundred little airs and affectations which were an abomination in Joan's sight; and she pretended to look down upon Joan and to consider her peculiar and old-maidish. In reality she was tho roughly afraid of her future sister-in-law, and felt bound to protest against her own timidity by an assumption of great familiarity and patronage. Joan did not come straight irom the SpenceB' cottage to her home. She had re moved with them into a small unoccupied house ^belonging to Doctor Ambrose while their own dwelling was cleansed and disin fected, and after spending a week with them there, she had gone away from Charnwood altogether for several days to visit a friend. So there was absolutely no need for Patty Price to gather up her flounces and shrink away from Joan's proffered hand as if fearing infection, and this was carefully explained to her; while Joan, rather hurt in her mind, offered to leave the room so long as Patty was in it, if she or Seth felt afraid. But Patty took courage, and declared that she was not afraid at all, and then Joan sat down beside her father, and looking round with a smile, said that it was pleasant to be at borne again. 1 •' I'm sure, then, I wonder that you ever went away," said Patty pertly. " I can't imagine what pleasure you find in running about from place to place—/ like staying at home, for my part." She looked at Seth for approval, and he rewarded her with a satisfied smile. Joan coloured, bnt said nothing in reply. "And how were the Spencea? said Mrs. Tuke, in a thin, high voico. " It's a mercy for them that they had a friend like you, Joan, for what they would ha' done, left to themselves, the Lord only knows. It's beyond me, at any rate. Still, as the saying is, ' charity beginB at home.'" "Yes, indeed," said Patty, with a curious little sniff. "And now you've returned," continued Mrs. Tuke, " I suppose we needn't go sending milk to the Spences and the Joneses day after day, as we've been doing for the last six weeks or more, and not a penny in return" '•You don't mean to say you've been giving awa| good milk!" said Patty, genuinely shocks _ "Why, you don't think we should wait till it had gone sonr, do you ?" said the old farmer rather grimly. " Well, I never," was the young damsel's sole reply. But her pursed-up lips expressed all the disajiproval which she did not like to pnt into words. "Itis a waste," Baid Mrs. Take mourn fully. "No return for it at all; and no gratitude. Folks call it lending to the Lord, but I do wish sometimes He'd pay interest. And Joan coming home not able to eat a bite or drink a sup, because she's been spending her health and strength on a set of shiftless sick people, and looking as white as a ghost, or else, said Mrs. Tuke, glancing at Joan, "as she is now, as red as a peony, though not so brown in the cheeks" Mrs. Tuke subsided. For Joan, with that sudden crimson in her face, was sitting up and speaking low, distinct, resolute tones. "If I cannot eat or drink." she said, addressing herself to her aunt, " it is because I hear you call charity, waste; and cam for the poor, a vain expense of strength and time. How can I sit aad eat when I hear these words? I would sooner give the bit from my own plate than let the poor go hungry." She had come home m a state of nervous weariness which made her unable to take such comments quietly. Patty looked at her with a mingling of resentment and terror; bnt Mrs. Tuke continued in tier piping treble, all unmoved by Joan's smouldering excite ment. That's where you was always so silly, Joan. Giving the bit away from your own plate, indeed! As if the poor didn't get enough scraps from the farm, what with "lillr and broken meat and broth, and nobody knows what! Sinful waste I call it, and them that wastes will come to want." It's what mother never allows," sard Patty. " She won't give away a penny nor a crust of bread. She says it's encouraging the poor." Joan looked at her earnestly, with a softer light in her dark eyes, and rested her clasped 1 lands on the table as she spoke. "And who else encouraged the poor, Patty? Are we not to remember who it was that left us the poor as a most blessed charge? 'The poor ye have always with you. A far-away look came into her fape—she looked as if she were listening to some distant voice of music. Patty shrugged her shoulders. "Oh, if you're going to bring religion in 1" she ex claimed, ana then she glanced at Seth and laughed. "We shan't be always giving away our substance like Joan, I'm sure, shall we. Seth?" "We shall do whats just and right, belike," said Seth, in his slow, heavy tones. " But I doubt that Joan is over fond of giving and spending." . " What do you think, father? said Joan, with a note of passionate appeal in her voice. - ..... Reuben Darentli moved uneasily in his chair. "Well," said he, trying to evade the difficulty, " there's truth on both sides," and left the. question exactly where it was before. Joan was silent, but foolish little Patty could not let the matter rest. "Well, if ever Fm mistress here," she said, toBsing her head and seeming quite unconscious of anything objectionable in her remark, " there's many things of that kind that I shall change. The village people '11 find the difference." "The difference between selfishness and charity," said Joan, with a flash of scorn. " That's right; take the credit to your self," .said Patty, with an angry jerk of her cliin. "I only do what my mother did before me," said Joan, turning rather pale, and rising from her seat. " And if her ways are to be changed, and if Hillside Farm is to be known as a place where poor folks are frudged a drink of milk and a crust of bread, trust I may be miles away from it before X sec that day." " I'm sure I trust you may," Patty called after her, as Joan left the room. Then, seeing indignation on Mrs. Tuke's brow, and discomfort depicted in the countenance of the two men, she burnt into tears, and finally departed in high dudgeon, with Seth to see her home through the country lanes. Mrs. Tuke immediately announced herself ill with a bad headache, and retired to her room with a Bible and a basin of gruel: Farmer Darenth roamed about the farm-yard and garden for a little .while in a restless way; finally, catching sight of Joan in the kitchen, he came in and seated himself in his arm-chair between the fireplace^ and the window. The evening was beginning to fall, and the wind was rather cold; he stirred the fire once or twice, and sent the bright flames leaping up the chimney; but still he did not speik. Joan, stepping backwards and forwards from kitchen to scullery, or dairy, with quick, decisive movements, cast .an occasional troubled glance towards him. When all her work was done she came and laid her hand on his shoulder. "Father," she said, "did I speak wrongly?" "Well, no, Joan;'I can't say that you did." " What then, father?" . "You were a bit hasty, a bit imprudent maybe." , "If I was right, said Joan, with almost an impatient sound in her voice, " what does that matter ?" Her father shook his head. Evidently he was ill at ease. said Reuben Darenth, with some resolute ness. " Not but what you might be right in the main. But Patty Price is to be Seth's wife, it seems. Patty and Seth will have the farm after nje; and now you've offended Patty." "Yes," Joan assented quietly. " That's a pity, you know, Joan." " Why is it a pity, father? If I think she is wrong in her way of looking at things, why shouldmt I say so? You do not wish.the farm to go back from its old way, and be just the means of earning a living instead of a means of helping others ?" Joan's voice was growing indignant again. " We'd better have made more money than know that I haven't, sdways thought for my own children as I might have done. When I die I shan't die a rich man. I may leave you a matter of two or three hundred pounds, and to Luke the same, and Seth will go on with the farm, but two or three hundred pounds is little enough if ycu come to live on it, or to set up in business, and unless yon keep friends with Patty the farm won't be your home any longer." "I know it won't, father. I should not wish it to be so if you were gone," said Joan. She had seated herself on a stool at her father's feet, and clasped her hands round his knees. Reuben Darenth looked at her firmly. They were quite alone, for the farm servants generally gathered for the evening in an outer kitchen, and the door of commu nication between the two was shut. " What would you do then, Joan ?" " I think, father, if nobody wanted me here, X would go up to London and learn how to be a really good nurse. Doctor Ambrose says there's a great deal to be done in hospi tals. I'm strong, and can bear seeing pain and sickness. I think I should make a good nurse." " Maybe—maybe," said old Darenth rest lessly. "But 1 am not sure that X should like that sort of life for you." "Better than eating out one's heart in another person's fine house as lady's maid or nursery governess," said Joan with sudden vehemence. " Better than standing behind a counter and measuring out ribbons. Better than " She stopped short, looked at her father's grey worn face, and changed her tone. " It's better," she said, " to earn one s daily bread by helping people who are sick and in trouble than by making selfish lives a little easier, a little more complete. If I found I could not be a nurse "Well, what then?" . 'ThenI think 1 should have to give up to India < England altogether, and go to India on a mission." . , ■ , , , , But she laughed, as she spoke, and her father did not feel disturbed. \- "You might marry, you know, Joan," he said doubtfully. " That's not likely," said Joan, with dcci sion. " Well, well, I ilon't know. Hut concern ing Seth and Patty " "Concerning Seth and Patty ?" said Joan, with a andden rise of colour in her face and a alight sharpness creeping into her voice; " I don't think I have ever said anything to them or about them which I did not mean." It was plain that Joan had been grievously wounded and offended by Patty's words about the future time when she should be mistress of the farm. Darenth was silent for a minute or two, and rapped upon the arm of his chair un easily. He was just about to speak again, when Joan rose from her seat with suddenly uplifted forefinger. " Hark !" she said. " Is not somebody knocking at the door?" She listened for a moment, while her father muttered that he heard nothing. The knock was not repeated, but Joan walked to the door and opened it. She looked out into the twilight stillness, and between her and the golden sky stood the figure of a woman all in black. Joan waited, but no words fell from the visitor's lips. Her face was veiled; she was dressed in mourning from head to foot. She did not move forward, but her garments shook a little as if she trembled. Seeing this sign of agitation, Joan recovered from the state of surprise into which the appearance of this unknown visitor had thrown her, and concluded that she was some tired traveller who had come to ask the way or to beg for a seat and a glass of milk. Such guests were well known at the hospitable Hillside Farm. " Will you come in, ma'am ?" said the girl respectfully. " Father's at home if you want to see him. After a little hesitation the lady stepped forward. She had a tall, graceful figure, as could be seen in spite of her shroudiug black draperies, and she carried a little bag upon her left arm. Beuben Darenth rose from his chair as she entered, and looked at her ex pectantly, his fine, grey, weatherbeaten face taking on its shrewd business exju'ession. But still the woman in black did not speak. "Will you sit down, ma'am?" said Joan, more and more convinced in her own miud that this was a person who needed rest and refreshment after a long walk, or, perhaps, on account of a sudden attack of illness. She was the more confirmed in this impression when the visitor raised her veil, and showed that the countenance beneath it was pale as death. " Is your name Darenth," she said to Joau, as the girl waited before her. " Ves. Would you like a glass of water?" said Joan, feariug that the whiteness of lip and cheek was increasing, and making a step towards their guest's chair. The woman shook her head. "You are like—very like," she murmured, devouring Joan with her eyes, while Reuben Darenth drew near with a dawning suspicion that the newcomer was mad. "Like—my mother," she said with a sudden effort to speak intel ligibly. And then she added, as if she wished to explain her words, " My mother's name was Elizabeth Darenth." " Elizabeth Darenth?" said the fanner, his brow darkening. "What, my sister? she that ran away from home, and left her friends, and died " " Died of a broken heart," said the woman steadily. She would have risen to her feet, hut Joan took lier by the hands and looked into her face. " And are you my sousin ?" she said. " My cousin, come from France to see us! We are very giad to see you cousin, and we hope you will be" be happy here." Then, moved by the expression of the dark eyes that met hers, she stooped down and kissed her cousin on the forehead. " Father," she said, half reproachfully, "won't you wel come my cousin to England, too ?" | Reuben Darenth drew near, and some what reluctantly offered his hand. " I don't know whether you are Miss or Madame," he said somewhat gruffly," but you have the look of your mother about the eyes—and a touch or Joan, too, if you weren't so peaked and thin—and I'm glad to see you home again, Elizabeth." His words were not tender, but there 'was a friendly sincerity about the clasp of his hand and the look of his eyes, which re deemed his speech from the charge of harsh ness. His mece rose to answer him. " I am much obliged to you. Sir," she said. Her voice had a faintly foreign accent, which was.less agreeable to Reuben than to his daughter. " 1 did not know that Eng lishmen and Englishwomen would be so ready to welcome a stranger and a foreigner. I thank you for your kindness. I need not have hesitated to come to you." Then some slight change in the farmer's face caused her to add, " But I can prove that I am what I tell you. You see this bracelet; it was one my mother wore before she left Charnwood. You can question me, if you like; I know her histoiy, and something of yours. I do not think, and she turned to Joan with a singularly sweet but mournful smile, " that you would take me for an impostor." " My father does not think so," said Joan confidently. But her cousin went 011 un heeding. " I have had an unhappy life. My mother died of misery, sickening for her brother and her home. Sne did not name me Elizabeth," with a quick look at Reuben Darenth; " I am called Madalcna. I married at five-and twenty, a man younger than myself. A bad man. I led five miserable years with him." She ceased and looked down at her hands, from which she had withdrawn the gloves. The wedding-ring hung loose upon the thin white finger. " And now he is dead?" said Reuben, with a touch of sympathy. Shegavenima quick glance. "Yes," she said, " dead to me.' Reuben, with all his shrewdness, could at timeB be strangely obtuse. He did not con sider what the last three words might mean; he accepted the statement of her husband's death in all good faith. But Joau was quick of discernment. It seemed to her that this woman's trouble was greater than that of death. "And so you have come to your friends in England. Well, niece," said Reuben Darenth, as if he were now admitting her claim npon him for the first time, "you are kindly wel come. As long as I nave a house over my head it will be your shelter if you want it. I am glad to make acquaintance with my sister's child. And so she was not happy poor girl—poor Lizzie!" Suddenly he turned away and went out of the room as if he could bear the scene no longer. They heard his steps go slowly up the wooden stair; they heanl him eater an upper room and shut the door. And then Madalena, who bad sunk back in her chair with a look of utter exhaustion, turned her heavy eyes on Joan. "He is good," she said, "although he looks stern; and you—you look good, too. You will not mmd my troubling you a little while ? I am not come for long, but I wanted to Eee the place where my mother lived be fore I went to her—because, you know^" she continued, while her purple ■ veined lids seemed ready to close upon her eyes with very weariness, " I have only come here to die." " Oh—no, no," said Joan, tenderly; " you must not think of dying yet. We snail soon make you well. You hare had great trouble, poor soul, and you are weary of your life. You will be better and stronger soon." She put her arms round the Btranger's shoulders and drew her close to her bosom. For a moment the desolate woman tried to free herself, then yielded to the gentle pres sure and burst into a passion of tears. " Yes, yes," she sobbed, " you are right. I have had great trouble—great trouble. I have given up all I cared for—1 am weary of every thing. X do not even want to find him now. Only let me stay here and rest for a little while before X die." Joan held her for a few minutes until she grew calmer, then kissed her again upon the forehead. " You are not like a young girl," said Flier cousin, looking up into toe grave, beautiful face above her with a sort of wonder, " you are like a mother—you know how to love. I never had a sister : will you be a sister to me now ?" Before they separated for the night the guest said with the same look of wonder, added to a new and wistful truthfulness, "You are strange people: you have never asked my married name. I will tell it to you —it is Vallor. My husband was called Con stantino Yallor." " Then you are Mrs. V allor?" said Joan.' " Yes, or Madame Yallor; which you like. But I do not love the name. You must call me Madalena, and let me forget the other. I have given up my past life," said the woman, turning her (white weary face upon the pillow. " I pray God night and morning that [the time may soon come when there shall be no more a Madalena Vallor." And then she fingered a rosary round her neck, and Joan believed that she was already praying. She stole away and left her to her prayers—such as they were. 