THE PHANTOMS OF THE SANCTUM. , (From tho Argonaut). MiDNionT in the sanctum, of tho Argonaut. Silonco how silent, and darkness how darkly dark. No Bound was heard svve the troubled cockroach chafing with the sun dried paste, or tho low sigh of tho retiring mouee, bewailing the bitter Into that cast its lot in the floury pathB of 3OurnaliBm,riitherthanintho luxuriant furrows of a church with a modorn kitchen at tachment. The sentinel stars sot their watch in tho Bky, tho only place m tho universe where any time-keeper would bo safe from tho eaier hands of acquisitive men, and as they set it by guess it was an hour and ten minutes off timo. ' The skies they were ashen nnd sober,' which wa» an unuBual circumstance, considering the time of night. The silken, sasl, uncortain rust ling of each paper curtain told how the last man who wont to bed had been unable to close the window. Out of the voiceless gateways of tho misty past, out of tho silent ways that led from the Bunli^ht of yesterday down into the darkened labyrinths of week before last, out of the great wide sens where sail and drift the poor, wan ghosts of youth, the fair young dreams that never grow to tho bloBsed maturity of waking reality, the golden promises of morning that never reached the bright fruition of the after noon, into the sinctum where tho wearv editor slept with his genius-laden head upon the lap of the table, . with noiseless footsteps camo the wan, pale ghosts of buriod Jokes. With fea turos sad and roproau: fill they gathered about the table, poor, vexed ghosts that hated him that would upon the rock of this tough world stretch them out longer, 'because,' said one, the ghostliest one in all tho train, 'we are long enough now for a London Times paragraph.' They woka the slumbering humourist, who Bhuddered us he gazed upon tho grisly spectres bending their worn and weary countenances upon him, and would have slept ngain bnd they not stayed him from his rest. 'Say on/ hoBnid, because lie knew that was tho proper thing to say to a ghost, and in wardly wondering where ho had sren theBO spooks before, because of a vority their coun tenances were wondrous familiar, and dear they seemed to him us wero the ruddy drops that visited his sad hejrt during business hours. . The ghost of tho Stovepipe rises between the desk and the waite-basket. lot mo sit heavy on thy soul about flro minutes ! I uiu tho wnndoring gliost ot tlie St'jvepipo joke. Beforo tho Itocky Slountim-.a woro knee high, Or over yet tun islos of Greece were Patontod for lubrican'e, I have wilked lip and down thewovld. I am, aud I have boen, a bl- Bsing and a cureo, Tho groans of strong men ami tlio bronthed slghB Of patient wouion follow mu, ami hollow laughter, With its mocking tones, walks by my deiitod sides. havo boon ponudou olt to uinko mo small, I navo LeousIaiUetl ana priod to muko mo largo ; Against me has bcon raised tho h'uid of man, Aud my gaunt oltiow has boen raised' AgftiiiBt tho world, and 'ft against tlio coiling. This docs not soot mo. No ; My timo is out of joint, mid I will splto Tho reckless man who tries to sot it right. The weight of alow unfolding centuries - , Hath mo etovo up, and I am coaled, Tot of ton ns I sock my low, lona grave . : Daop in tlio mossy woodshed's dusty niiido, Whoro uichtly with his song the love-lorn cat Doth fright tho fearful halloa of tliino car, I am drugKod forth again that men may mock And with old whito- liured jests mako merry with my Yet in nil tongues and climbs I am tho samo , Old Stovopipo joko, ovor old unil now, Deathless, immutable, unromomborcd, nnd unfor gotten. . . ? , ? ; i Think how you thought to stab mo in my primo ot youth ?????. ? ... .: . . With thy frosh maiden jolo. . 0 man, I was four thousand years of old lire thou wort born. Despair, therefore, Of gottio&off; anything now about me I Tho ghost of the paragraph Male rises be tween tho diction »ry stand— tho roforence library. ' : ''' '? ' ' ' ' -\ I am thy evor faithful Mnlo, and I . ' . Will never mato thoe langh again. ? I am tho f nond of funny men ; P/iithfulandJuattotliom, but now, ;???'?': Look at my puint-bmsh tail, marred^ as you sop, By aiuatour papers. 0 jostor, . ' . Wtion'tho world was young, tho glad earth laughed ? To hoar my tunof ill note. All high Olympns rung With laughter ot tho gods, when Aristophanes Sang ot the samo oU it«lo that you lod out . I.aBt week in your first funny paragraph. Moiuus and I woro friends, thou boy of yistotday. Age does not iqaIch mo old, ftud in mv youth I wus not fresh. Buch us oreatimi'u 'duwu behold, Vnll flflii mil linw. ' T.et mniimic- linnw nri *' Thy copy book.. Dospair, and Tot up on mo I Thoro nre no now mnlo jokes oxuopt tho old ones. A short, tliin ghost rises from the floor, and stands on its head in the middle of the room; I am tho dreaded Carpbt-taok— lin, i ha I ? Blot my namo from tue printed world, 'and half tho jokos .... Aro blanks. 1 am thy friend, 0 funnyman ! ' ' I was thy father's trioml, and tho aid friend Of his groat gmnuslre's Biro, whou ho was young. Shonld I poir out, long, ling, I wttin, ' ?.:..? Your hungry oyos would fend un tilsomino ,- That clouds the unpalututila coilini.', aro it founA K Joko, right speody.wiiU good staying qualities :? To t:iko tho polo from mo. . ? .- . ? ? . Ofttiines hns man'H unnrory body boon By ma punched full of hateful holes. ? - Think on thy buriod jok«s, and mo. Ah, whon I point to heaven and bliss, . I loud to woo, and lnlstry, and wrath. i ? Tho taok, whon trod upon, will turn. Lot mo sit hoavy on thy pun to-morrow I ? ' Ghost of tho: Goat rises, and ibrowsos upon tho editorial manuscript; . .. . Ahi mo, I am thy slave— but uovor mind | , i I oonld-bnt thon I will not. For I am ? ' c Not dead, but— For but I am a joko, ?? I can not hut appear — But, pshaw, I can - . can butt any poor or commons in^the realm i It is my trrulo, and hnn boon— lo, theso many ycais. When In old Rome, GDI B.C., Tho Ada Dluru wis pnntod in rod keol On pooplo's doors, Numa Pompillua langh'ed In hard old Latin no ono could construo, To read tho goat joko in tho funny column, , Uut now— Piirdon, it is my motto, Soujpor butt : to-morrow iu my scribbling Think on mo ; full on thy pointlosH pen, despair, And got theo to a funnery. Go it I Tho ghosts of the Littlo Greon Applo and tho Banana Fcol riso and look tired. Least in this ghostly presonco wo appear, Humblest ft Jokea dlminiotcd j and yet Siuco Evo flrat bit and Adam foil We Imve gono hand in hind, twin Jokos ; Tim fuuna old taken; of doubling up And slipping down ; of Blipping down and Doubling up. Wo nro tho song aid dnnce men of this ghostly Oh, men of fun, dream on un, smothoredin Qftjat scan nf ancient rnk. Lot us bo Doubio load within thy fnnny bono, And weigh thoa down to sober book roviows And loxdiug oriltorial*. Dospair, Anil think of tometbinv solemn. Tliink of tho business mnnager. Thn ghost of tbo Front Gate rises and leans by ono h'.ngo on the edge of the table. Lot nie como rattling on thy shins to-morrow. Would I could hide my bonos, not rest them here, But yoar by yoar, as f unnv men como on To nesh thoir jokoloss pencils in my unhinged ribs, I rnuct stnnd up nnd uny my little piece— Tlio sumo old piece. The long years come and go As do tho short otfos, too, mid yot, through sun and storm, T n.-vur clmmje, but stondfiist pace along Tlio samo old singlo-footcd gait. I snir, I slam, I bung, I hnn? in crooked wise, I open oft, and noinotimcs 1 shut up. But novor dou» tho man who writes of mo. The ghost of tho Custard Pie rises, and sits in tho easy chair, -waiting for a visitor to como along.,'..'. .'.?'..' . ' Joker, I am an auoieat ghost ?. raark me. Aft in mv timo I have marked many men ! Dobm-'d for all timo nm I to go tn picnic?, Thero to sit in the grass nnd on the stumps, Until tbo young man coincB along, arrayed In ivintnloonK of lmlest lavender. But that I am forbid To tell tho socrots of tho picnic, I could a coat-tall unfold, yen, hundreds of 'ea, Would make you tired, and nmfco yon want To tnulo yonr Sunday suit For ono largo pair of overalls, and solitude ; Slnko you back ele.'irncross ths lawn And Iran against, n largo and lonelv tree, liko frots ii|ou tho piuefiil porkulrill. And this etenral blazin* at mo And at my picnics is a large part Of your stock iu trade.' The ghosts of the CrosB Father, the Young Man, the Icecream Saloon, tbo Brindle dog, and tho Spring Poom riae, and try to look happy, but weep. To-morrow tliink on us, unhnppy ghosts, disqn oted, Oh, in thy jesting think on all of us. And blush to seo thy fun's antiquity. Dream on, dronm on, ot jokes as old as sin ; There is no joko half new oxcopt the dude, And thero wero dudes way back in '49, Tho yonr tlio world was made. .The ghodt of the Mother-in-law rises, ter riblo aB an army with banners, with a broom in one hand, a flat-iron in the other, blood in her eye. and malario in her voice. Jestor. thy Mother-in-law, thy wretched Jlotier.in Tliat never hnd a quiet hour with thoe ; Whrt loaned thea monoy on thy wedding day, And never saw a cent of it again ; Sho of tho stririont voice and heavy hand, With whom you board from Juno till June again, Aud uovor ral*8 a meal or pay a cent. Now fills thy sloop with perturbations ; Because, in alt thy jokes upon my name, Thon never said'st ono joke thnt mou called sow. Bnt alwaya ased men, with snowy brows, Hftrn told tbnQ wbnrn n.nr\ nhoti thv «nw 4aVa fcnti. pened, When thev wero merry boys. Oh, whou you think of mo, romembor this, And seek the circus to find eoinethlug gun. Tho ghosts sigh wearily, and vanish singing softly, ' We're a band of brothers.' The funny man starts from his sleep. Give mo a pnir of scissors ! Hand mo the dictionary Bread— brad ; that's good. No, I've used that before. O solemn humor, how doat tbou nfSicit me ! My jouea look bins. This one ahout tho cucumber Is too muoii llko tho one about tho apple. What fearfnl puns I mado upon tho lair— Fair, fnre; 'fair maids' and -hardly fair V two binds of fair. What can I write? A joko? I will, about a man Beiitiut: it carpet. No, a woman throwing a stoue. No, no ; nbout a mnn falling down stairs By stopping on a pins: of lanndry soap ; Alas ! I hnte tho dismal funny business. Sly memory hath a thousand several jokes. And orcry joko hath been told several times. And all tho bojs condemn mo for my jolie3 Aa holn?, at least, acscissory to their theft. Motliought tho ghosts ot all tho varions jokes Tli.it I hnd evor heard, or read, or mudo, Oamo to m- desk, and evory ono did show A fronanlopicnl record running back, Without a break, four hundred thousand years, And ovcry ono nmoug them woro tho nccursed brand Of tho Blue-pencil dudo. Vv in arms— The midnight baby. A bad egg in coffee is an old settler. A mixed gathering — Vulgar fractions. A skbah of fair women — Rich men. If a man shoots a wie does ho brine down a haw? An infuriated akippor ia tho hopping mad sailor. BiBBOJfS point no moral, but they can adorn a tail. The calico manufacturer is woll red, aid a prints among men. . Whosi the gods would destroy they first mako other people mad with. Did you over 6eo a fisherman try to walk ft rod and reel ? Wo hare. Ahothkb hotel horror, as the. man said when tho hash was Bet before him. ' We novor speak as wo pass pie,' would be a good eong for dumb waiters in a restaurant. Why are Cashmere shawls like deaf people ? Don't you see ? Because you can't make them Here. . It is understood that a rule of art is reversed in the burlesque actress. Sho must learn to puint before she. can draw. Miskbt may love company, but tho pmall boy doesn't when there's a limited supply of fruit cake en the tea table. A Minkebota young man is reported to have thrown up u live frog. He probably threw it up on the roof of tho barn. Pat eaya that i£ men could only hear thoir own funeral sermons and read their own head slonos, there would be no living in the world with them. . ?Did you do nothing to resuscitate the body?' was recently asked of a witness at a ooronor s inquest. ' Yes, sir, wo searched the pockets)' was the reply. Ir is clainied that the sovenlh son of a seventh son possesses 'marvellous gifts of heal ing, but a race of scoffers are prone. to believe that all ho can heol is an old stocking. The army contractor a small pleasantry : 'Of course, these breeches are going to give way) but what care our gallant soldiers? Tlioy.oan cover themselves with glory.' Bkown doesn't like his new coloured domes tic so well as he had anticipated. She is never at homo oveninga; always going somewhere. She: iB, in f aot, a regular Dinah out. . ' Pie,' aaid an old judge to a young lawyer, ' you would do well to pluck some feathers from tho : wings of your imagination, and stick them in the toil o£ your judgment.1 ' I was bo mud at George last night,' said a girl of hor sweetheart. 'Tea,' said an ill natured brother, ' I noticed when I looked in tho ^parlour that y bu were up in arms.' ; ; i iBuionAU .Young's' grave iB 'entirely ne glected, and his widows never visit it. They went thore onoe to cry over his remains, but it mttde the ground bo sloppy that they all caught oold. .-.????, , ' DOBS your, wito ta&e; much .exorcise r assert Fonderson of Fogg, whose family is at tho tea' side. 'Exrrcisol' oiclaimnd Fogg; 'I should say. jo. Sho oha'ngcs her dress eix timea every day.' ?''?????.????'??????? ' ? ? ' ?? ' ??? 'No,' ho said, as thoy congratulated him on his engagomont. 'I'm not- so particularly charmed witli ifxe girl,:but . I , e»pcct ,to be ye.ry. happyl Her mother is about the best- tempered woman I know.' .'..; ? . At tho batik— Cashier : ' Eroune, me 'madam, but your account' is rather 'overdrawn.' : Mrs. Maltravets' (whose ' husband i»' off on business und h»B loft, her a cheque book); 'Oh, Mr. Cashior! that can't bo possible. I'vo got lots of oheques loft yet.' ' . ? -? THB GrBAKDFATHEB'S WISDOM. — ' When I was young,' Bays a young man mournfully, ' my venernblo grandfather novor used to tip me, his invariable exouse being: 'At your ago you haven't any heed of money ; but later on come tome.' Well, when I was eighteon I went to him,' and he coldly buttoned up his br'eeches pookct, and said : ' At your age you ought to be making your own way in the wbrld.' ? 