HOME NEWS FROM A .FRENCH POINT OF VIEW. (from oor own correspondent.) Paris, 22nd September. The Tonquin muddle ia aa good a a a play. China will not havo France for neighbor, that's fiut; nor will she allow her to pocket Anam. The negotiations having arrived at the'pscychologi cal moment, the foreign minister bolts to purge his liver or fortify hia stomach, the prime minister himself, Jules Ferry, and the only able man the Republic can boast of, takes up the cudgels, but the Chinese ambassador, though wearing huge spectacles, perceives no modus vivenili. Tho commander of the expeditionary forces, General Boiiet, whom tho Government believed to be 011 the trail of the Black Flaggera, suddenly turns up at Hong Kong, no one knows why—and since he cannot be found, a substan tial reward ought to be offered to whoever cau discover his whereabouts. The Government has to depend for its tele grams on tho London and New York press; yet there was a time when France was rich enough to pay for her glory. The Havas News Agency, though boasting of a capital of eight million francs, does not supply its subscribers with direct telegrams ; it hashes up those wired by others. I11 the meantime public opinion commences to smell a rat. All the money voted for the Tonquin expedition has been spent, and the War Minister is so obstinately right that he will not send further reinforcements till the Parliament be convokedj money voted, and daylight let in on the secret motives for seizing Tonquinj and tho riddle explained why so much resistance is opposed to the apparently platonic demands of China. Fot- years the French have demanded the right of reunion, and now when they virtually possess it 110 person of sufficient courage can be found in the whole country to call a public meeting and denounce or approve the brand-new foreign policy of tho Ministry. There is not • even the ghost of an extra parliamentary utterance. Tho Radical deputies, judging the moment has arrived for nailing the ears of the Cabinet to the pump, and preventing the Republic from drifting into its Mexican war, have issued an address demanding the imme diate convocation of Parliament. Even were the deputies convoked, that will not much clear up the mysteries of Tonquin. Competency in colonial and diplomatic matters is the last of their accomplishments, but as the legislature forms part of the constitution, it has tlie right to be formally consulted. The nation commences to ask: What business have wo in Tonquin? What is to be gained by expending millions of treasure and thousands of lives to benevolently open up fresh markets for Germany and England, since France will not be allowed to have separate and selfish clauses for trading. The Krouhmir adventure lias brought no luck either to France or the Republic. And the press is to blame for its want of manliness to tell the people tho truth. It labors to keep up the delusion that the French are the salt- of the earth, and would try to conceal that there are nations who give themselves no concern at all about France. The French acutely feel they no longer fill the public eye of the universe. This something between neglect and in difference chafes them, and finds vent iu vitu peration and stage thunder, measured towards Germany, mixed in the case of Italy, but pure from the spring, as addressed to England the only useful friend left France on the continent. I do believe that the French were they told unpalatable truths, as do the journals of other nations, they would in timo prefer that courageous bluntness to the nauseous produc tions served up for their vanity. But this would exact what French journalists lack, solid education. There is never any backbone in their articles; repartee does duty for facts, a sneer replaces a judicious reflection, and pride excludes historic truths. It is the case, " Whore blind and naked ignoranco, Delivers brawling judgments, unabashed, On all things all day long." The autumn manuwvres of tho French nrmy havo not obtained unequivocal approval from tho representatives of the foreign powers. Perhaps too much has beon expected, but the best way to measure the progress of the re organisation is to compare its present efficiency with what it Was. This organisation woi'.ld have marched more rapidly had the War office not changed so often its chiefs, or possessed an occupant, who to marked capacity united an iron will. Then the generals rather obstructed than aided the reforms, and until a good number of them be weeded out, and replaced by young blood with modern ideas, the progress of the French army must remain handicapped. The King of Spain 011 his voyage to Germany passed through France like a cook's excursionist; he will return in a week, and,putting his incognito in his carpet bag, will blossom into a real king. He will receive a royal reception; theobjeetof the fuss and feathers is not clear; it cannot be intended to rojnvenate that old Roziuante, the latin alliance, as lost to sight as King Dagobert's famous pantaloons. The last blow out France had was iu honor of the Shah of Persia, fetes that never paid. It will be a treat to allow republicans to get a glimpse at an annointed king at any rate. The Comte de Chambord made himself known only by his Chesterfield letters, and, as for the Comte do Paris, he has buried himself like a Trappist at Eu. It is from Yoetat, and not Louis XIV., that the rising generations of French men form their notions about monarchy; Jenny decking the lioad of the former with a cotton night cap instead of a crown excites more historical inte rest than the Grand Chamborlain handing Louis his bagwig to cover his wen. Victor Hugo's mosaic son in-law, deputy Lockvoy, did important service to the world at largo by obtaining the demolition of all the old houses surrounding the Biblotheque Nathna'e. Ho is now following up his good work. It is understood that a copy of every book printed in France shall be deposited in theNationalLibrary. It is the printer, not the publisher, who is legally bound to make the deposit. Mark the result. Frequently a work is printed by different establishments in the provinces and in the capital; each printer deposits his portion of the sheets; the cover is generally struck off at a different office, and the illustrations like wise; if tho latter be executed out of France, no depot is exigible. Thus a book arrives in patches at the National Library from various printers, and becomes useless, if not bound by the authorities. Henceforth the publisher will be called upon to deposit the volume in tho state offered for sale, aud tho printers will con tinue as heretofore to send to the Home Office a copy of everything they print, under a penalty of fine aud imprisonment if omitted. Madame Bernhardt states, aho married be cause it was the only thing iu life she had left untried. Ladies before now have got married to enjoy the sensation of being a widow. She has long since been "amieably separated " from her husband, who complains I10 got all the worse and none of the better iu his marriage, but she holds out the prospect to engage him at her theatre, if ho continues good. Sarah is writing a play, founded oil her memoirs about being published, and tvill act the heroine. In the meantime she is appearing in "Frou Frou" at | the Porte St. Martin Theatre, that excel lent comedy of Parisian manners written fourteen years ago by Messrs. Meilhae and Halcry. She is not so successful in delineating tho thoughtless, childish, doll-wife of Sartorys, as poor Mile. Lecsclee; she conceives "Frou Frou" from the tragic point of view. Tho death sceue is very effec tive, and so is that of the quarrel between the sisters. I think Croizette would causo even more pocket handkerchiefs to be wetted. Nilssou to keep up her voice drinks a prepara tion of extract of meat when sallying from the green-room; Grisi relied on porter; Madame Bernhardt before commencing the dying scene indulges in ham sandwiches, surrounded with several cats mewing and purring for crumbs. The opera coniique has opened with Meyer beer's " Pardon de I'loermel, a work certain to be revived once a year. Meyerbeer desired not only the passions aud sentimenbs of his nersonages, but wished to introduce natural phenomena as well—as rain, storm, sunshine; to these he added, shepherds, huntsmen, reapers, etc. But one thing he lacked—comedy; this has been compensated by other beauties. Mile. Merguillier was Dinorah, aud in point of sing ing and vocal gracefulness, she was a success. Being stout, and promising to rival in this respect Alboni, her playing with the goat, and executing the shadow dance, was ungainly. The Nouveautes Theatre has inaugurated its season with "Le Jour et laNuit" (Lecocq's three act comic opera), and worthy the composer of "Mine. Angot" and " La Petite Mariee." The public relished the revival of this charming and delicate music as if a fresh production, warmly applauding the numerous choice morsels. It is but echoing the general verdict to re cord that the Government autumn show of pietures, not unknown to fame, is not a success. Three years is not a sufficient interval to allow artists to prepare novelties; painters do not change their style as rapidly as milliners. M. Jules Ferry, since he has China also in hand, deserves not the less a peacock's feather for the sumptuous decoration of the Palace of Industry. . . M. Thuillier was the most distinguished of Pasteur's assistants, and was one of the dele gates sent out by the French Government to study the cholera in Egypt, and perhaps to saddle the English with having imported the plague from Bombay. On the eve of concluding hi* labors, young Thuillier, aged only 27, fell a victim to the malady. France, like other nations, contributes largely her victims to science, and all meriting a prominent place on the bead-roll of fame. Dr. Biichamp, an able authority, con tinues to batter at I'asteur's theory, that all in fectious diseases are due to the germs of the malady floating in the air, and lodging in our body, there developing if we are not in good health. Bechamp maintains these spores or microbes are inherent to our economy; that no one ever yet obtained an atmospheric microbe to innoculate a rabbit, a dog, or a guinea pig. He adds, we know nothing at all about cholera, and considers quarantines as the best hot-houses for tho development of plagues, if the latter originate in the air. The Jardin d'Acclimatation has added to its many scientific attractions a panorama of the Antediluvian world; there the plesiosaurns, megatherium and other monsters can be seen enjoying their oase, or sporting or fighting—the vegetation of the epoch is in harmony. Other natural history panoramas will follow. This is more humane than bringing live specimens of Zulus, Abyssinians, Esquimaux, Terre-del-Fue gians and Kalmucks, to contract consumption in return for a franc a day. Duma3 is attributed the honor of having dis covered the Mediterranean ; in one of his ro mances he alludes to tho English making over tures to a local magnate, whose territory could prove a " Gibraltar, in provision of the inevit able cutting of the Isthmus of Panama." Thus there is nothing new under the sun. Sleep, as the actor Sanson claimed, and that charity sermon sufferers exercise, is a criticism; so appears to be laughter, as some reporters, in vited to witness the working of the electric tram-car, having laughed a few days ago when it ran against the side of a house, the inventors dragged tho invited from the roof, and threatened to do for them. A horse laugh is gaiuty in a state of intoxication. Voltaire said that at the Court of the Great Frederic French alone was spoken : " German was limited to the soldiers and horses." Maid to mistress : " Do not go to the circus Madame, as there is a horso can find out who is the greatest idiot among the spectators." 