There are persons who believe, or profess to believe, that Sir Thomas M'liiWKAi'nt is tho only possible Premier now amiable for Queens land. Like the old turf descrip tion, it is with them ' Eclipse] first, and the rest nowhere.' What makes the enunciation of this political faith more irritating to those who hold a different one is the attempt to show that during his four and a-half years' tenure of oliiee the present Premier has brought the financial condition of the colony into such ;i highly critical condi tion that there is no alternative but to accept him or his policy, however much we may dislike them. It is somotimes used as a boast, sometimes as a mild objection, and sometimes as a .knock down argument to an anti-M'lLWitAiTH disputant, that during his present term of ?office the Fuainier has added seven millions to the public debt of the colony, and made Queenslanders the most deeply indebted community per. head of the population under the British Crown. Our debt now reaches the enormous- sum of £70 per man, woman, and child throughout this colony, not counting blackfcllows, Chinese, and Pacific Islanders, of course, and we are told it would be simple madness to attempt to increase that indebtedness per head, even though we could do so at a reasonable rate of interest, which is more than doubtful. Our only escape from severe financial de pression, if not ruin, is therefore to keep Sir Thomas at the head of the administration, and' trust implicitly to his skill, energy, and enterprise to pull us safely through. He will be obliged to give away a dozen or may bo a score of millions of acres of Crown land in the western wilderness to accomplish his object ; but the land is a mere useless burden to us as it is ; we shall be far better without it, if, indeed we miss it at all ; and people resident in the coast districts really have no right to dictate as to the way in wliich the Crown lands of the interior shall be disposed of. So long as their local wants are attended to ?with reasonable promptitude and in proportion to their just claims to atten tion — that is all the residents in the coast districts have a right to ask or expect. ?????? All this, and much more to the same effect, is being constantly dinned into our ears or set before our eyes by the Premier and his ndvoeates, champions, and admirers. But is it not a line of argument that proves too much ? We grant the increase to the indebtedness of the colony which Sir Tnom.s has accomplished. Tho fact is all too palpable to disguise. Nor is this the worst. There is very little to show for the extra expenditure, and the burdens of the -people ill the settled districts have beon very seriously increased simultaneously by tho hoavy local taxation imposed by tho divisional boards, while tho burden of general tax ation hasnot been lightened to the extent of a single penny in any direction whatsoever. The cost of living has in creased, the price of both the neces saries and the luxuries of life is higher now than it was four years ago, and there is no compensating advantage. The commercial prosperity of the past two years, which the Premier had no more hand in producing than he had in causing the previous depression, has enabled, the bulk of the people to accept the situation with great complacency ; but tfna prosperity cannot be expected to last, and with a commercial reaction ? -.-::::*?? '??'', . . .. will come a counting up. of cos-ts which would toll severely against Sir Thomas and his colleagues. His 'political railways' in the coast districts, his political sops to favoured' constituencies, will not bo re membered with gratitude by those who received them, while those whose just and righteous claims woro denied or neglected will have very keen memories. Another fivo years of political' power conducted on the same lines of policy as have been pursued during the 'past four years and a half, if it be an in evitable necessity, as is represented in some quarters, will most certainly bo a trying time for some of us. But the argument proves too much in another direction also. If Sir Thomas M'Ilwkaitu has in four years and a half brought the colony to such a critical con dition that it is in vain t» look to any other statesman or politician to extricate it, what sort of condition is it likely to be iu at tho end of another four years and a half of ihe same kind of treatment ? 'We suppose it is ad mitted that cause and effect will follow in natural sequence in the future as in the wast, even though the present Premier retain office. The same causes will produce like effects, and if so, where then will the colony be ? The services of Sir Thomas will then be doubly imperative to save the colony from doubly severe financial disaster, if not from ruin. And what will toll still more severely upon the residents in the settled districts than heretofore is the fact that after next year, nuless the £2 endow ment for every £1 raised by local rates be continued to tho divisional boards, the people will be compelled to pay one-third more in local rates than are at present levied, and then they will only be able to raise their present re venue for repairs to. roads and bridges — a revenue altogether inadequate in some divisions. In the pastoral dis tricts this will not bo felt, because there are no ? roads required in those regions, except such as teamsters can make for themsolves, consequently the divisional boards exist only in name. It was reported some months ago of some of these boards in the pastoral districts that a considerable portion of tho first levy and endowment still re inaius iu the bank as a fixed deposit, and there has been no necessity for making a second levy. In the se'ttled districts some of the boards have not only exhausted their ordinary revenue, but have been compelled to contract loans to render their roads passable, and provision will have to be made for the repayment of those loans out of the future rates, as well as for keeping the roaas hi oraer. xne qudiook is any thing but a pleasant one for the resi dents in the settled districts if the continuance in office of the present Premier be the inevitable destiny which it is represented, and more especially the people of those districts which stand no ghost of a chance of participating in the luxury of ' political railways,' or any other kind of railways or Govern ment favours of any description, in consequence of being on the wrong side iu polities, but wlio will have to bear the burden and help to pay the cost of favours to other localities all the same. Nor will this be the worst of another term of office by Sir Thomas M'Il wiiArrn to a very large and important section of the community in the settled .districts. Wo alludo to the uuskilled white labourers of various kinds — the howers- of wood and drawers of water, the splitters and fencers, plough men, men employed in the clear ing of land and the like — because they are to be swept out of the sugar plantations as fast as coolies from British-India can be imported to per form these duties. Sir Thomas stated at Eoma the other day that he would never countenance the herding of Eu ropean labourers with these Indian coolies, and therefore the coolies will have a monopoly of the plantation work throughout the colony as fast as they can be brought in to do it. This ?will be a terrible blow to the wliite labourers who are now being brought in as rapidly as though no such catas trophe was impending. Most assuredly they prove too much who demonstrate the absolute necessity of another five years of Sir Thomas M'liyvntAiTn as Premier. NEW INSOLVENTS.— The following were yes- terday adjudicated insolvent by His Honour Acting Chief Justice Harding : -Sate Powell, of Maryborough, spinstor, on the petition of P. Palmer and A. White j Patrick Henry, of Chinchilla, labourer, on his own petiton, in formâ pauperis ; and Benjamin Morgan, of Iiutwyche, labourer, on his own petition, in formâ pauperis. The first meeting o£ oreditora in each estato was fixed for July 5. Thbatbb Boyal.— There was a good per formance of ' La Perichole' at the theatre last nighty with Miss Gracie Plaisted in tho title character. We remind our readers that Miss Melville will take a farowoll benefit thiB even ing, when that very popular opera ' Boccaccio' will be performed. Wo prophecy a crammed home, arid have no fear of being stigmatised as false prophets. His 'Excellency the Acting Governor, lady Palmer, and suite will honour tho performance by their presence. ? . Heeb . Bandmamn.— Tho dramatic soason commences at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday with' i-roof.' Thisis a very powerfully written drama, being constructed on some thrilling and mysterious incidents which occurred in Franco about- the time of the battle of Kontenoy, and which caused great excitement at.tho time, and wh'ch is still spoken of as 'a osle bruted case.' a ho story througbout is deeply interesting, doveloping many sensa tional situations, from the momunt whon tho soldier Pierre Lorani was convicted on. tho evidence of his own child of tho assassination of his wife, to the denouement whore the real murderer is brought fuco to face with the inno cent man, who for twelve yeara has boen a victim to an unjust scntonce in tho. galleys, We believe this drama was translated from the French for Herr Bandmann and that ho has pluyod it over five hundred nights in London, the Englifh provinces, and India We hope this; well-known actor und his English com piny will meet with a cordial reception hero. Bkookfield.-— A correspandent writes :— ' Mr. B. Grrimos, tho member for Oxloy, ad dressed tho electors in the State school, Brook field, on Wednesday evening, Juno, 13th. Mr. Thomas Moon in the chair. There wasalargo num ber of gentlemen present. Mr. Grimes spoke for two hours and a quarter, dealing 'with measures passed last cession, and what was likely to come before the Houao tho next time it moots. There is no sympathy with the Premier and his syndicate hero ; tho idea is that he ia the prin cipal one in tho syndicate, and that it is iclf ho is looking after. Tho meeting was most. orderly throughout ; the stink-pot agent was not pro-ont ; and at the close a most hearty yoto of confidence in Ifr. Grimes was carried by acclamation, and a vote of thanks to tho chairman brought *li? meeting t-j p, ploso,' 