CHILDREN'S COLUMN, WHAT WAS IT? " rips, will you tell us a story ?" said Mr Travers' little son Archie, one stormy evening as they sat round the fire iu the cosy drawing-room. "Yes, do, papa," said Lily, "and let it be about "ghosts." "Yousilly thing," remarked her brothsr Walter; *' there are no such things as ghosts. Tell us a true story, father—something that happened to yourself." Mr Travera smiled thoughtfully as he replied—"I will tell you of a true adventure which I experienced a very long time ago, and shall let you form your own opinion as to its meaning, though I myself have never doubted that it was a special interposition of Providence in my behalf. When I was a young man, as you know, I had charge of a small parish in one of the wildest parts of this colony. The church, a small wooden building, was quite a mile from the parsonage, and it was my practice to take the offertory money- home with me every Sunday evening after service. One night I started for home as usual with my small bag of coin in my hand. It was dark aud boisterous, nmch such an evening as this, and I walked fast, anxious to reach home, and thinking of a remark made that day 'by one of my parishioners—that there were some queerlcoking characters about, and that it was a mistake taking the money home in that way, as it was known that I did so, and certainly ran the risk of being robbed, if no worse. Well, I had just turned off the road and got into the bush, when an enormous dog suddenly appeared aud walked by my side—a strange thing, that did not strike me at the time, was that I could see the animal perfectly, though the night was so dark that I could not sec my hand before my face, the moon being obscurcd by heavy clouds. The dog, as I call it for want of a better name, was nearly as large as a small pony, and had ' the most wonderful eyes I ever saw, more like a human being's than a brute's with their expression of intelligence and power. I walked on, wondering but not alarmed; indeed, I had a sense of security, feeling that this strange being was protecting me. After walking thus for nearly a quarter of a mile, during which I never heard the sound of his footsteps, though we went through scrub and dried leaves and across a shallow creek, three men suddenly rushed out from behind a tree, one pointed a revolver at me, while the others demanded my life. Tho dog instantly sprang at the man with the revolver, and so wounded him that he fell heavily to the' ground. As I could see .by the Hght of the moon, which now shone out from behind » cloud, the dog then attacked the two other men with such good effect that they turned and fled, and the man on the ground got up and followed. I then proceeded on my way, aud my strange companion walked with, me till I arrived at my own door, when it vanished as suddenly as it had appeared. In the morning I w^pt to the scene of the attack in the bush, bnt no one was there, nor did £ ever hearorseeanythingof the villains again." - ** Did you ever see the dog again ?" said Walter, breaking the silence which fell upon the little group after Mr Travers had finished his story." "No, my son; I never saw it again." Many were the surmises as to what it could have been when I related my experience of that Sunday evening, some think' ing it was all imagination from beginning to end, and that I had neither seen the dog or the robbers; others went so far as to say that it was a sensational story got up for the sake of -notoriety; while, again-.-" Papa," interrupted Archie, " perhaps -it was a real dog that protected you and bit the other fellows." "No, Archie, I think not,"said his father gently, " bat Lily is looking as pale as her namesake, and it is time you all went to bed, so, good night." A. 