THE " NO ALTERNATIVE" 80ABE, ' These : ate persons who believe, or profess to: believe, that 'Sir THOMAS MTlwhatth-' is the -only possible Premier now available for Queens land. Like the old . turf . descrip-- j tion, it is .with' them. "Eclipse,first) and the rest nowhere." What makes the enunciation of this political faith more irritating to those who hold a different one is the" attempt to show that during his four andn-half years' tenure of office, the present Premier has brought the financial- condition of the colony into such a highly critical condi tion that there is no alternative but to accept him or his policy! however much we may dislike them. It is sometimes used as a boast, sometimes as a mild objection, and sometimes as a knock down argument to an anti-hl'ItwEiiTH disputant, that during his present term of office the Premier has added seven millions to the public debt of the colony, and made Queenslandera the most deeply indebted community per head of the population under the British Crown. Our debt now reaches the enormous sum of £70 per man, woman, and . child throughout this colony, hot counting blackfellows, Chinese, and Pacific Islanders, of course, and we are told it. would be simple madnesB to attempt to increase that indebtedness per head, even though we could do so at a reasonable rate of interest, which is more than doubtful. Our only escape from severe financialde pression, if not ruin, is therefore -to keep Sir Thomas at the head of -the administration, and trust implicitly to his skill, energy, and enterprise to pull us safely .through. He will be obliged to give away a dozen or may be a score of millions of acres of Crown land in •the western wilderness to accomplish his object; but the land is. a mere useless burden to ub as it is ; we Bhall be far better without it, if, indeed we miss it at all; and people resident in the coast districts really nave ho right to dictate as to the way in which the Crown lands of the interior shall be disposed of. So long as their local wants are attended to with reasonable promptitude and-in proportion to their just claims to atten tion—that is all the residents in the coast districts have ,a right to ask or expect. All this, and much more to the same effect, is being constantly dinned into our ears or set before our eyes'by the Premier and his advocates, champions, and admirers. But is it not a line of argument that proves too much ? We grant the increase to the indebtedness of tlio colony which ' Sir Thomas lias accomplished. The fact is all too palpable- to disguise. is'or is this the worst. There is very little to show for tho extra expenditure, > and the burdens of the people in the settled districts have been very seriously increased simultaneously by "the heavy local taxation imposed by the divisional boards, while the burden of general tax ation liasnot been lightened to the extent of a single penny in any direction whatsoever. The cost of living has in creased, the price of both the neces saries and the luxuries of life is higher now than if, was four years ago, and there is no, compensating advantage. The commercial prosperity of tho past two years, which tho Premier had no more hand in producing than he had in causing the previous depression, has enabled the bulk of tho people to accept the situation with great complacency ; but this prosperity cannot be expected to last, and with a commercial reaction will come a counting up of coats which would tell severely against Sir Thomas and his colleagues. Ifis " political railways" in the coast districts, : his political sops to! favoured Constituencies, will not be re- J membered with gratitude by those who received them, while those whose just and righteous claims were denied or neglocted will have very keen memories. Another five .years of political pCwbr conducted oil tlie samo lines of policy as have been pursued during the' past four years and a half, if it bo an in evitable nUetBsifcy, as is represented in soino quarters, will most certainly be a trying time for some of us. But the argument proves too much in another direction also. If Sir Thomas MTlwhaith has in four years and d half broughtthe colony to Such a critical con dition that it is in vain to look to any other statesman or politician to extricate it, what sort of condition is it likely to he in at the end of another four years and a half of the Bame' kind of treatment P. We suppose; it is ad mitted that cause and effect-wiU follow in natural sequence in the future as in the past, even .though the present Premier retain office. The same causes will produce like effects, and if so, where then will the colony be ? The services of Sir Thomas will then he doubly imperative to save the colony from doubly severe financial disaster, if not from ruin. And ivhat will tell still more severely Upon the residents in the sottled districts than heretofore is the fact that after next year, unless the £2 endow ment for every £1 raised by local rates be continued to the divisional boards, the people will be compelled to pay one-third more in'local rates than arc at present levied, and then they will only be able to raise their present re venue for repairs to roads and bridges —a. revenue altogether inadequate in some divisions. In the pastoral dis tricts this will not be telt, because there are no roads', required, in those regions, except such"as teamsters can make for themselves, consequently the divisional boardB exist only in name. It was reported some months ago of some of these boards in the pastoral districts that a considerable portion of the first levy and endowment stiE re mains in the bank oa a fixed deposit, and there has been no necessity for making a second leyv.'In'the settled districts some , of the boards have not only exhausted their ordinary revenue, hut have been compelled to contract loans to render their roads passable, and provision will have to" be made for the repayment of these loans out of the future rates, as well as for keeping the roads in order. The outlook is any thing hut a pleasant one for the resi dents in the settled districts if the continuance in office oi, the present Premier be the inevitable destiny which it 1b represented, and more especiaUy the people of those districts which "stand no ghost of a .chance of .participating in the luxury of "political railways," or any other kind- of railways or Govern ment favours of any description, in conscquenco of being on the wrong sido in politics, but who will ..have to hear the burden and help to pay the cost of favours to other localities' all the same. ' If or will this be the worst of another term of office by Sir Thomas M'Il wbaith to a very large and important section of the community in the settled districts. We allude to the unskilled white labourers of various kinds—the hewers of wood and drawers of water, the splitters and fencers, plough men, men employed in tho clear ing of land and tho like—bccauso they, aro to he swept out of tho sugar plantations as fast as coolies from British-India can ho imported to per forin these duties. Sir Tirn\r»K sfnfnil form these duties. Sir Thomas stated at Horn a the other day that lie would never countcnanco tho herding of Eu ropean labourers with these Indian coolies, and therefore the coolies will have a monopoly of tho plantation work throughout the colony as fast as they can be brought in to do it. This nill be a terrible blow to the white labourers who aro now being brought in as rapidly as though no such catas trophe was impending. Most assuredly they prove too much who demonstrate tho absolute necessity of another fivo years of Sir Thomas MTlwuatth :is Premier. 