THE WHITE ROVER. Br Ceua Thaxtkb. They called the little schooner the White Rover, When they lightly launched her on the brimming tide; Staunch and trim she was to sail the broad seas over, And with cheers they spread her snowy canvas wide; And a thing of beauty, forth she fared to wrestle With the wild, uncertain ocean, for and near, And no evil thing the graceful vessel, And she sailed in storm and sunshine many a year. But at last a rumour grew that she was haunted, That up her slender masts her sails had flown Urihelpcd by human hands, as if enchanted, As she rocked upon her moorings all alone. Howe'cr that be—one day, in winter weather, When the bitter north was raging at its worst, And wind and cold vexed the roused sea together, Till Dante's frozen hell seemed less accurst, Two fishermen, to draw their trawls essaying, Seized by the hurricane that ploughed the bay. Were swept across the waste; and hardly weighing Death's chance, the Rover reefed and bore away To save them—reached them, shuddering where they waited Their quiet destruction, tossing white and dumb, And caught them from perdition; then, belated, Strove to return the rough way .she had come. But there was no returning! Fierce as lightning The eager Cold grew keener, more intense. Across her homeward track the billows, whitening, in crested mountains rolling, drove her thence; Till her brave crew, benumbed, gave up the battle, Clad in a mail of ice that weighed like lead; They heard the crusted blocks and rigging rattle, ' They saw the sails like sheets of iron spread: And powerless before the gale they drifted Till swiftly dropped the black and hopeless night The wild tornado never lulled nor shifted, But drove them towards the coast upon their right, And flung the frozen schooner, ail sail standing, Stiff as an ioebeig on the icy shore; And half alive, her torpid people, landing, Crept to the light-bcnise, ana were safe once more But what befel the vessel, standing solemn Through that tremendous night of cold and storm, Upon the frost-locked land, a frigid column, That glittered 'neath the stars, a ghostly form ? If one ever saw her more 1 The tide upbore her, Released her Listened keel, and ere the day. Without a guide, and all the world before her, The sad, forsaken Rover sailed away. Yet sometimes, when in summer twilight blending, Sunset and moon rise mingle their rich light, Or when on noonday mists the sun is spending His glory till they glimmer thin and white, Upon the dim horizon melting, gleaming, Slender, ethereal, like a lovely ghost Soft-looming in the hazy distance dreaming, I seem to sec the vessel that was lost. 