One Christmas A'ijrlit. " Out of the mouths of bnbes and sucklings Thou hast perfected praise." i. Amid a throng of scowling clouds The siui on Christmas night went down, And soon from gloomy clouds the snow Fell fast and thick upon the town. It covered all the roofs, aud clothed In whitest garments all the posts, . Until, erect mid tall, they looked In the weird light like sentry ghosts. zi. ji hid the wondrous magic wires That flash quick tidings everywhere, And when alone 'old tree it. found - It hung with wreaths the branches bare ; . And ever and auon, .when caught. . By the mad wind with shriek and shout, It too went mad; but dumbly mad,. . And in mute frenzy whirled about. .-III. ' Whim, ns the night still fiercer grew, And heavy, drifts choked every path, And on all things unsheltered l>cat The cruel sleet in stormy wrath, Struggling against the tempest came A woman slowly through the street, The snow-flakes clinging to her lmlr, llie frost upon licr weary feet. , IV. Her ragged dress blows hero and thcro, . Her tears tire frozen as alio weeps, And closely held within her arms— \- Ah, piteous sight I — a baby sleeps. Behind her great warehouses loom, Their doore and windows iron-bnrrcd,. And just beyond them grimly utands The wall that guards a prison yard.' . . . .-V..- :;. And nearer, bright with many lights, The crowded trains like lightning go ; High in the air, 'while cars and sleighs . With tinkling bells speed by below. But from the stir arid sound of life ' She toward the river takes her way— Tho sullen river tlmt ns yet ; " ' Defies the ice-king's iron- sumy. . / ' ; ' vi»:- 44 It can no colder be," she moans, , ' 11 Than this cold worhl, than yon cold sky, And sinco there's naught to bid mo live, "lis only left for me to die. . Oh I long, long days of grief I've known ; Oh I long, lotigf nights of bitter pain j And I have wept and I have prayed, . But tenre anu prayers have been in vaiu. . ; vn.r 44 And this dull aching in my heart, And this straugo throbbing hi my head, Beem living things that say to me, 4ltwcre far better to be dead.' . And if wo dlo my bnby boy Will surely find u homo hi heaven. He has no shadows on his face, :: Nor any sins to be forgiven. VIII. . 44 But what of ino 7 1 dare, dear Lord, To hope for mercy on this night, "Which innny hundred years ago Brought to the world such great delight ; ' When He, the Babe of Bethlehem, -Looked up in Mary's face to boo " A mother's smile. For Mary's sake Thou wilt not part my child and me. ix. ' 44 Tlien sleep, my baby, sleep, and we Shall pass ere Cliristmas hynins arc done To endless rest ; perchance shall . gaze On Him for whom they were begun—' " When suddenly she paused j for out Upon the air rang laughter sweet, Blent with the strains of violin And sound of merry dnnciug.fcci. And just before her on tho snow Amy of cheerful light there gleamed, Anil lifting her sad eyes slio saw It from tho uucloscd window streamed Of au old-fashioned dwclliug- housc, »v By haunts of busy tnule shut iu; . / In olden tim'c a mansion fine Amid lino mansions it had been. . '< . %' xj. Hp the high steps she drugged her feet And in the window peered to see Three generations met to join ; In iunoccnt festivity. Tho graudsirc and his wifo were there, Time's purest silver on ench head. Some sixty years ago they had .la that old house— then new— been wed ; : xir. . And ever since, though upward soon The Udo of fashion took its way, And commerce claimed the grand old street They'd chosen 'ncatli its roof to stay. And now ilicy beamed with pride while sons . And daughters, and a goodly throng Of sons' and daughters' children, passed The time away in dnnec aud song. XIII. The violin played loud and fast, And faster, faster, faster still Tlic dancers tripped, when some one stopiied Aud leauing Against the window-sill, Beheld the face close to the jmne, Aud cried out iu a sudden fear, And all the merry-makers flocked To see what dreadful thing was near. XIV. The woman turned and fled, but ere Siie'd reached tho street wide ojien flew The door, nud in it plnco was frnmcd A child with eyes of heaven's blue— With eyes of heaven's blue, and hair Liko heaven's sumbiue golden bright— So bright it seemed n light to shed Upon the darkness of the night. XV. 44 Come back," she called, In voice as sweet As e'er was voice of little maid— 44 Come tack. There's welcome here for you ; 4Tls Christmas night. Be not afraid." The wnnd'rer heard that gentle voice, Sho turned and saw those lovely eyes, And mice tnorc climbed the steps, her face Filled with dim wonder and surprise, xvi. The dear child drew her softly in, Aud holding tight her toil-worn linml, Led her into a room which seemed To licr like some cnchautod land. All decked It.wns with roses gay, And berries red, and lilies Mr; . Aud vines and wrcatlis of vino and fir Spread spicy odors through tho nir, - XVII. 11 Ti Christmas night," the dear child said, And meekly listened young mid old ; 44 And, grandmamma, I've not forgot What you to mo this morning tohl : How Jle loved children, nud how Ho Came to this world sad folks to cheer To see if we lorcd Him, He scut This baby and its mother here." xvnr. In tearful 6ilcnce stood they nil When ceased the wise and guileless child, And ill tho hush the babe awoke, Aud raised its head and fnlntly smiled. Straight to that smile each heart replied. And while soft coaxing words were said, Kind hands the wond'rlng infant look, And soon 'twas warmed nud clothed and fed. XIX. . Aud ere it slept ngniu it laughed (And it had novcr latiglicd before) A little laugh of joy that reached The laml beyond the shining shore. And in it's mother's facc'Uie light Of hope shone like the light of day, And from licr head and heart the jjafu That drove her mad was charmed nway, XX. And watching angels saw, I ween, As thoy looked down upon this earth, No scene more tit to grace the time Made sacred by the Havluur's birth — A child saved by a child from death, Or worse than death— 0 happy sight— For sake of Hint, the child Divine, Who came to us ou Christmas night I 