Dick Watson's Daughter. BY F. W. ROBINSON. Author of 'Grandmother's Money,' 'The Hands of Justice,' 'Coward Conscience,' 'For Her Sake.' &c.;, &c.; Yes, sir, Portland born and bred, and proud of it. We Portlanders are a bit proud of it, a good many of us, this being always home to us, as it has been to our fathers and mothers before us, don't you see ? Can't say exactly why this should be always home—it's not easy to explain, and I am not a good hand at explanation. Has anybody ever explained why cats love houses and back yards and not the people in them? Why they will starve on the tiles, or in an empty house, rather than go away with the master who has fed them all their lives? Something to do with the overgrowth of the organ of locality a wiseacre told me once, and perhaps he was right. But old dad said he was a fool, and dad was just as likely to be right as the other man. I don't always know a fool from a wise man my- self ; it takes a lot of time to find that out even in London, where you are all so mighty sharp. I stick to Portland. Do you see Wey- mouth and Melcombe over yonder in the bay ? I've never been across, and shall never care to go. What's the use ? I've everything I want—health and strength ; a good house, and a good wife ; plenty of work, and plenty of smiles to meet a man after the work's done. What more should I find over yonder?—and how much less? My father lived and died there, so shall I. I can't abide with people always wanting change—that's a bad complaint, sir, you take my word for it, and gets people into all sorts of trouble—into prison, too, poor gommocks. I'd lay a crown piece there's a lot of them up at our big prison there who could say to me, 'That's true enough, David Coster- badie, if you never speak another sensible word in the whole course of your blessed life—that's uncommon true.' Very well then, what's there to laugh about ? I daresay your London is a fairer, squarer place than this, but it would not suit me any the better for that. Not it. Well, perhaps a few years ago I was not quite as satisfied as I am now, and was bothered just a little with an idea of slid- ing off, of turning out a soldier, or a policeman, or a diver—which my uncle was, and got drowned by way of a judg- ment on him, the dad has always said, for sneaking away and getting under water. But though it did cross my mind I had better make one less, it never came to the big march to go, and matters worked round by degrees, as they will, sir, if you only wait and work hard and don't snivel. Bless you, yes ! It won't come round the way you thought—dashed if it ever does that—but round it comes, just like the hand of a clock, and as I'll prove to you clear enough if you don't mind listening for a while. Mine's a queer story in its way. When those young ones about us grow up I'm a-going to tell it them, even with their mother sitting by to hear it. I don't know there's much of a moral in it, but Betsy says there is ; and Betsy has always her wits about her, if I haven't, though she's not Portland born and bred, as all we Costerbadies are. She's a foreigner, she is—ain't you Betsy, lass ?— and very much ashamed of it too, though it wasn't her fault, poor thing, as some people might think. She comes from your town —from a part of it called Whitechapel, which sounds like a place clean and pious enough for anybody, and Betsy says perhaps it may be in the parts of it she doesn't recollect. It was her coming to Portland which made all the fuss about us, and put us all to sixes acd sevens, as the saying is, although we were at sixes and sevens before she turned up for that matter, owing to hard luck. There had been bad times at the quarries—the private quarries were all wrong somehow—changing hands and changing men, and the new stone they fetched out of the land did not come up well, or did not last long, or had some- thing or other the matter with it which kept us quarrymen chopping and changing or sitting still about the house out of work, and wondering when the work would come again. We grumbled a bit, too, at the prison lot taking the labor from our hands, and letting us lie idle. But people will grumble, and Government wants its quarries worked at a cheap rate ; and at all events here the prison is, for good or bad, and no getting rid of it again. We're a bit grown to it, and with work enough for both of us we don't grumble as we used. Betsy Watson crossed over to Portland in the bad times then, when work was very slack, a score or more of years ago I may say, before the railway came to us and the big breakwater was finished. I mind her standing in the street with a big bundle in her arms—a crimson bundle with white spots—and looking round as if she'd lost her way, and a poor, thin, pale, gawky kind of wench she was that day. Just to think of that, sir, looking at her now, that wide ! She came over by the steamer, and when the people had all got on shore and gone away she walked slowly along the road towards Chesil—that's the lot of old houses by the Chesil bank which we see from this window down on the shore there. We all lived at Chesil at that time, a family of us Costerbadies, dad and mother, and sister Leah, and young Jona- than, who was a cripple, and died before his time, and your humble servant. I had been out of work all the winter, and was hanging about the road as if I had stolen something—and ready, if anybody had asked me, to carry anything up town or top of the island for a stray sixpence, or less. And there was nobody I could be of use to but Betsy Watson, who strolled on with her black straw bonnet blown to the back of her head, and who was wondering where she was, or which way was the right way to go, or what had become of those who should have been at the landing stage to meet her and help her with her bundle, and say, 'How d'ye do ?' and had not come to time, or never meant to. It was something of this, I fancied, before I caught her eye and slouched away a step or two, and then stopped again with my mouth all open like a trap, Betsy told me afterwards, and looking a rare silly. It was she who spoke first—women being naturally more forward in their ways than men, or being more inclined to settle things off-hand, and not go beating about the bush so much as we shy fellows. And I was shy enough of strangers, of course, though this bit of a gawky girl was ten years younger, and like a child to me. She was exactly seventeen, and I was seven-and-twenty. She was five feet seven, which is a strapping height for a girl, even if she has overgrown herself a bit, and I was six feet three ; so there you have us like a picture, and a rum picture we must have been too. 'Do you know, sir, where I could find a cheap lodging in these parts ?' she asked, bang off, of me. 'Oh! there's plenty of lodgings,' I answered, pointing to no end of bills in all the windows of all the little and big houses in sight. It was Easter time, when company was scarce enough, and the weather was awful cold that year. It was actually snowing while she spoke to me, and the snow was settling on her hair like flour on a bright brown chestnut. 'Ye—es, but I want a very cheap lodging. I don't mind how poor, being poor myself,' she added, frank and straight. 'Oh ! I see.' 'And I shall not give anybody any trouble while I stay here ; that is, I hope I shan't.' This was a very young woman to come out holiday-making by herself, and indeed, for all her height, I took her to be a year younger than she was, she was that thin, and had so innocent a face.—a sad face too, and sorrowful people don't look younger than they are, as a rule ; but she did somehow. 'The sort of lodger people like, lass,' I replied, with a laugh, 'and you'd suit a good many about here.' I did not speak to her as to a lady born, but as to one of my own class, though I was as red all the time as beetroot. And I was wonderfully taken by her, as by a child that had lost its way and wanted help to find it, and might not get into careful hands, being ignorant of life. She was very poor, al- though neat as a new pin, and well shod. The wind did not quite seem to suit her thin black dress and wisp of a shawl though, but to cut through them both, as she stood there trying not to shiver. I thought of all the neighbors in Chesil, and along the hill-side, and not being quick to come to conclusions I did nothing else but think and keep my mouth open. When an idea came to me I gave her the benefit of it, but it wasn't very often, as we walked slowly along the road together. I should have been glad to carry her bundle, but didn't like to ask. 'They let lodgings down there,' I said, pointing to Chesil, 'but it would be awful cold for you, and sometimes the sea swamps you when the wind keeps in this quarter long. There's old Druce's, there's Churchfunnel, there's Mother Dreak's, there's—' 'David, who's that wench?' said a shrill voice—my sister Leah's voice—and sure enough there was sister Leah at my elbow, as curious as any woman, and wondering who I'd got to talk to and walk with all of a sudden at that time of day. Betsy Watson looked at Leah, and crept aside like a girl a bit frightened at the sight of her. And Leah was not a well-favored lass I must say, not for thirty-five, when good looks aren't always in their bloom even with good temper to back them, which Leah never had. Leah had grown very yellow of late and full of hard lines, and had lost two front teeth only last week—one top, one bottom— and that would make any woman cross though there was no one to see her but dad, and me, and mother, and Jonathan. Leah had been out marketing, and had come upon us with her basket on her arm, and a something green sticking out of the basket. She had no bonnet on, and the wind was blowing her hair— almost gray now—a good many ways at once, and her face was pinched and not so clean as I had seen it now and then on Sundays. She looked a bit spiteful at us both, too, goodness knows for why. 'This young girl,' I said to Leah, was asking me where she could get a lodging hereabouts, and I was say- ing— 'Oh ! you're a pretty one to talk about lodgings,' Leah answered uncommon sharp ; 'what kind of lodging do you want?' she asked, with a long steady stare at Betsy, and then at the bundle in her arms. Betsy told her what she had told me, and more. She wanted a very cheap lodging ; she was poor ; it had been said, she must have change of air, and she had saved up all the winter to get that change, and here she was. It was all plain speaking, and no beating about the bush. 'For how long ?' asked Leah. 'A fortnight—perhaps three weeks, if my money will last out, and I can get to like this place,' she answered, with a little shudder already. 'You came from—where?' 'London.' 'You've come a long way, if you're short of money,' said Leah with a kind of snort. 'They said this part of England would do me a deal of good, and besides— She did not say what besides, but stopped all of a sudden, and my sister, more in- terested in Betsy's means of living and paying her way than in her reason for giving Portland a look up, said bluntly— 'What money have you got ? 'That's not for you to ask, Leah, or for me,' I broke in here, for I saw the poor, weak thing flinch again at the question coming from such a stranger ; 'that's no one's business but hers.' 'Yes, it's my business,' said Leah, 'for this child—and she's but a child, tall as she is—may not be able to pay those who'd feel the ill- luck of being cheated of a penny.' 'Oh ! I don't want to cheat anybody,' said Betsy Watson, quick and warm, at this. 'When the money is getting low I shall be ready to go home.' 'I should think Mother Dreak's would suit her, because—' 'Because you know nothing about it, David,' said Leah, 'or about anything save quarry work, which you can't get. If this child can pay her way—fair and square, as she will—she might spend her holiday in a worse fashion than along with us, I take it.' 'Oh, no !' cried Betsy, shrinking away for the third time, 'I—I don't want any thing like that.' 'How do you know what it's like, or what we're like,' said Leah, ready to argue the point at once, and with no end of force too—just like Leah, that was. We're neat and clean ; there's a bedroom all to yourself, with a fine big sea view, too ; we'll board and lodge you cheaper than any one in Chesil, and we haven't had a lodger for nine months, and this hulking brother of mine is always out of work, and you will be a help to us. One house is as good as another if it's an honest house, ain't it ?' 'Ye—es,' said Betsy, frightened from all argument by this ; 'oh ! yes, quite true.' 'Then what do you want to go any- where else for ? Come and see the house —there it is ; it won't kill you to look at it. That's my father sitting in the door way—there's my mother looking over his shoulder at us—there's Jonathan at the window—your window. You come and see the place before you say "you don't want anything like that ;" you man't know what you do want,' and Leah seemed to drag Betsy Watson down the road to the stone houses in the shadow of the Chesil bank, where the waves were dashing and roaring finely that afternoon, and with a noise that skeered her first go off. I walked a little distance behind. The way my sister talked had swept away a little objection of my own which I should have liked to make, but I was clean silenced by her style. I had never known Leah go on quite like that before, never seen her so excited and so anxious. Generally Leah was a woman of few words, which were plain and hard enough when they did come out, which wasn't very often. 'A sulky toad,' I have heard father call her more than once, and 'A sour lot, that Leah Costerbadie,' had been said of her by the Chesil neighbors for no end of time. Leah had never seemed particularly anxious about anything till that day ; but then it was hard to guess whether she was anxious or not. So her manner opened my eyes as much as it did young Betey Watson's, just for the reason I was no more used to it than she was. When we got home Leah said to me, 'You wait here while I show the young lady over the place ;' and the 'young lady' looked at me for a moment as if afraid to trust herself with my rampagious sister ; then she gave way and passed into our house as if she was Leah's prisoner, and there was not much chance of running away from her. Presently she was talking to mother and father in the parlor, and Leah slipped out and caught me by the arm. 'She'll stop if you don't blunder out something and turn her against us,' she whispered hoarsely. 'Yes—but don't you see—' 'You fool !' she cried, 'don't you see ever ? Ain't we starving ?' She backed into the cottage again, leaving me all of a big heap against the stone wall. It was as bad as that then, and it was harder lines with the Costerbadies than I had guessed. Well, the old people, and Leah, and Jonathan had fought their battles well without my guessing much about it, and without my wondering how long the money would hold out. No one had worried me, fretful as they all were in their way, for I took things about as quietly as most folk, even when there was anything to put me out, which was seldom, though Leah and dad had a bad way—I own it—of aggravating people and each other. Not so much in bad times, for then we held together a bit more, and helped each other all we could. Pre- sently my brother Jonathan—poor cripple and hunchback he was, and yet close on twenty years of age—came limping into the street towards me. 'Davie, she's going to stop,' he said ; 'she thinks the place will suit her.' 'Well, I hope she'll like it,' I said, and I hope you'll all be kind to her, for she's a poor body enough.' 'Yes, ain't she ?' piped Jonathan ; 'I wonder what she came for ? 'Change of air.' 'Did she tell you so ?' 'Yes.' 'I like her face,' said my brother after thinking it over a little, 'but it wouldn't be lucky if she died here, would it ? 'Lor' bless the fellow—no.' 'It would be our luck though—wouldn't it ? 'You shut up, and keep that nonsense to yourself, Johnnie—she ain't a-going to die,' I said ; 'what's made you think of such stuff as that ?' Going to die indeed ! Why, in twenty- four hours from the time she set foot in Chesil she was a different young creature altogether, and as full of life as ever she could stick ! I don't suppose change of air ever agreed with a young person as it agreed with Betsy Watson ; there was quite a color on her cheeks next day, and before the week was out she was as brown as any berry. 'That Whitechapel of yourn must have been a very sickly place,' I said to her about the third day of her stay with us, and when she was getting redder and redder, nose and chin especially, 'for you to have got as pale as when I saw you first.' 'I can't say if it's sickly,' she answered doubtfully, 'all I know is I am very sick of it.' 'Were you born there ?' 'Oh, yes !' i 'People don't get sick of where they're born—at least we don't in Portland.' 'No.' 'But Whitechapel mayn't be quite as fresh a place as this, take it altogether.' 'I don't think it is quite as fresh,' she answered, laughing at me. 'Then what makes you stop ?' 'Oh ! you're as curious as your sister,' she said pettishly, and went away from me and sat on the Chesil bank, and chucked stones into the water for hours afterwards. I felt she did not want my company. I walked away till tea was ready, and thought of what she said all the mortal time. As curious as my sister ! Well, Leah was curious enough, I knew, but I had never been called curious before, and never had been that I knew of. 'You don't seem to me, David, to bustle about quite enough or take enough interest in things,' the dad had told me over and over again ; 'you're too big and lumpy ike !' And now here was a little chit of a woman telling me I was curious, and running away from me because I worried her with questions—actually worried her ! Yes, it was singular, because somehow, sir, I was curious about her. She looked to be so very much alone in the world, so adrift like, and yet a contented little soul, very quick with her needle, and not too much of a lodger. She liked to be of help in any way, knowing she was poor, and fancying herself almost one of the family after a while. And she was of help, and Leah, who was never backward in making use of people, put upon her, as I thought, before the week was out, and got her to run on errands and do all kinds of things for her, even to reshape and fit her Sunday dress—which Leah had had for years—in the new tip-top Whitechapel fashion too, which Betsy knew all about of course, being straight from London where all the fashions come from. She was really one of the family by the end of the week, quite at home, and glad Leah had not frightened her from it when they had first met in the open street. They all took to her, Leah and all, and I don't remember Leah's taking to anybody before, male or female. Not that Betsy could see this, not understanding her so well as we did, and thinking she was always very cross and snappish, not guessing that if Leah had not taken to her she would have 'let her have it,' and screamed and yelled and jawed at her, as she had done at other people whom she couldn't abide, as she had always done at home when put out by any of us. Leah was handy at making fishing nets, and Betsy Watson, handy at anything, looked on one day, helped her the next, and at such a rate, too, that my sister almost smiled. 'You're clever with your fingers,' she said. 'We are in Whitechapel—some of them too clever,' she added with a sigh, which was not easy to account for. 'No one can be too clever,' said father. 'Oh ! yes, they can,' answered Betsy bristly ; 'too clever by half.' 'How's that ?' I said. 'Over-clever people get into trouble, David,' she answered thoughtfully now; 'at least I have heard they do, White- chapel way.' 'And that's an affliction, David boy, that'll never happen to you, depend upon it,' said my father, at which everybody laughed, Jonathan the loudest, because it did not take a great deal to amuse him, poor little chap ! How that first week slid away whilst Betsy Watson was amongst us, though I was out of work, and hated being out of work, 'big and lumpy,' as the dad said I was—though dad did not mean all he said about me, bless your heart—only his nasty way when anything disagreed with him, or when his cough was bad, and shook all his good qualities into his bad ones. Gracious, but the old man could cough, when put to it ! 'Coughs his hardest on purpose,' Leah always said, but that wasn't quite correct ; though, when the whole house was shaking, I used to think he did let loose a bit. The old dad was fond of Betsy, too, in his way. She could not play chequers— draughts as you may call it—when she first came, but he taught her, and she beat him hollow before the week was up. And mother took to her, and poor Jonathan went over head and ears in love with her— which was silly, to say the least of it, a little helpless cove as he was. By the end of the week we knew all about Betsy Watson, and what she had not told us herself at starting, Leah kept asking her until she did. Betsy worked in a wholesale house Whitechapel way ; 'gentlemen's ties' and that fal-lal rubbish turned out by the ton and meaning liard work, long hours, and deuce of a little pay for it. The work had taken most of the health and strength away from her before I had first clapped eyes on her. She had no mother—she had died when Betsy was a little thing not higher than that, sir. And the father? Ah ! here comes the story, and out it came all at once, when Leah was harassing one evening, and I was smoking a short pipe at the open door and listening to every word she said. Father and mother and Jonathan had all gone to bed, and the two women-folk were sitting up late and working rather hard. I remember it, just as if it were yesterday, and I'm likely to remember that night, surely. 'Yes, my father is alive,' she answered. 'Then, why didn't you say so before ?' said Leah. 'I didn't think it mattered to you, or anybody else but me,' she said, ay, and with spirit too. 'And what's your father doing, Betsy? Leah asked. 'He's in David's line.' 'You don't mean that ?' 'Up at the prison yonder, working in the quarries, that's where father is,' said Betsy, speaking very quickly now, 'and it's as well you should, know it. I don't like keeping anything back ; I never did. 'Bravo, Betsy !' I said, putting my head in at the door to cheer her, and getting my nose snapped off for my pains. 'Isn't it time you went to bed instead of hanging about there at this time of night ?' cried Leah. 'What have you got to sit up for ? You haven't any work to do.' 'That's not my fault.' 'Yes, it is,' said Leah; 'you were never fond of work.' I should have knocked anybody over who had told me that outside in Portland, but I could not do anything to Leah, not even shake her. It was not kind of her, but I said quietly— 'I can't make work.' Here Betsy broke in before Leah could say anything else unpleasant. 'I should like David to know every- thing as well as you,' she said, 'because I can trust him, always.' 'Thankee for saying as much, my lass,' I said back to her ; 'yes, you may trust me.' 'My father has been in Portland prison close upon seven years,' she began, 'and he has seven years more to serve, less the time struck off for his good conduct. A long sentence, wasn't it ?' 'What's he in for ?' asked Leah. 'House-breaking.' 'It wasn't the first or second time, for him to get locked up so long,' was Leah's sharp opinion, and at once. 'Oh ! no—he has been at it all his life,' said Betsy quietly. 'I can't remember ever seeing my father. When he was not in prison he was always keep- ing out of the way of those who wanted to put him in it. Once or twice he called to see me when I was very little—but I don't recollect.' 'Where were you ?' 'Oh ! he paid people to take care of me.' 'Thieves too, I'll be bound,' said Leah. 'No ; honest people who did not know how father got his living. That's the odd thing about my father, and it makes me love him, spite of everything.' 'What's odd about him ? 'That he did all he could to keep me out of harm's way. He had an idea I should never know anything about him, and that one day he would turn up a rich man and take me abroad to live peaceably there with never a soul the wiser. Very foolish !' she said with a sigh, 'and this is how it ended.' 'Just as it ought to end, was Leah's short answer ; 'I've no liking for a lot of thieves. And if you have never seen him —how do you know this ?' 'He writes to me from prison when they allow him.' 'And he's awfully sorry, of course. That's because they read his letters before they let them go,' said Leah. 'I can't say he's sorry. He never says he is.' 'And when his time is up—he'll thieve again.' 'Yes—very likely.' 'Well, he's a nice brute to love, I must say.' 'He's my father.' 'You'd better have been without one.' 'Don't you love your father, Leah ?' she asked. 'Can't say I do particular,' said Leah ; 'he's much too aggravating to suit me. But, at all events, he's honest ; I couldn't do anything but hate and spit upon a thief !' 'Yes—Leah—I daresay you would,' re- plied Betsy, 'and I don't ask you to love my father, or to pity him ; I know he was very bad—I have read about him in old newspapers, and there was nothing much to be said for him. But still he does not forget me—he writes to me—he is sorry I've no mother to take care of me—and he did the best he could in keeping me away from him when I was young and he was bad. You see that ?' 'I don't see any good in him.' 'I do, Betsy,' I said from the door- way ; 'at least it's my idea he might have made life much worse for you—and much blacker for you.' 'You get out !' cried my sister ; 'your idea indeed ! You never had one in that thick head of yours that was worth an ounce of sugar. Who cares for your ideas ?' 'I haven't asked anybody to care.' 'Then hold your noise,' said Leah ; 'do you think I'm sitting up to listen to your gabble ?' 'Ah, never mind her, David,' cried Betsy at this moment ; 'your sister is kinder than she cares to let us see, and she doesn't mean all she says.' 'Much you are likely to know about me,' answered Leah sharply at this. 'I do mean what I say—I should be a poor creature if I didn't. And you, Betsy Watson, might have told us this before— knowing we are honest people—and said what you had come for downright. We shouldn't a thought the worse of you for telling us the truth.' 'Here ! Lookee here !' I began, when Betsy stopped me by holding up her hand and asking if she had not told the truth— told more than there was any occasion for, considering what she was and where she was. 'You said you came for your health,' said Leah. 'That's true enough, for I was very ill.' 'And you came for something else besides that. You can't look me in the face and say you didn't,' went on my sister. 'I am going to tell you what that some- thing else is.' 'I can guess. To see your father ?' 'Yes. I have an order from the directors to see him the next visiting day. That's next Wednesday,' she answered. 'As if I didn't know what you were at Portland for!' said Leah, proud of her cuteness—and she was cute certainly. 'For once in my life,' Betsy went on, 'I thought I would work extra hard to save money to bring me here ; and in working extra hard I broke down a little.' 'What do you want to see the wretch for ?' 'What wretch ?' 'Your father.' 'To see what he is like—to ask if I can do any good or be of any use when he comes out.' 'You'd better let that alone,' said Leah. 'It is my duty, I fancy now.' 'Ah! you're eaten up by fancy,' was my sister's last remark. 'I suppose if he was to be let off you'd go to him because it was your duty.' 'If he asked me—I would go. Oh ! yes.' 'Though you know he's a bad un ?' 'Yes.' 'And that there's no chance to make him a good un?' 'Still—I'd try.' 'And he'd drag you down instead— that's what it would come to.' 'No ; I should only die. That's all,' said Betsy. Leah bundled her work together and pitched it in one corner. 'I haven't patience with a bit of a thing like you a-talking like that !' she said as she walked off to bed. Betsy prepared to follow her, coming first to my side as I stood smoking outside the door. 'David,' she said, 'have you patience with me ?' 'O' course I have.1' 'Thank you. I am glad of that.' 'So am I.' 'She hasn't,' jerking her little head towards the stairs up which Leah had tramped, without much consideration for those already in bed and fast asleep. 'Oh ! you mustn't mind her.' 'She won't have any patience, any mercy—as you will, David, when you are trying to think the best of me, and when you and she know—' 'What?' I asked, as she came to a full stop. 'That I haven't told her everything— that I've kept a good deal back,' she said, all of a flutter now, and not breathing at all regular. 'Have you though ?' 'Yes,' she said in a whisper. 'Well, you're not bound to tell her anything—or me either,' I said, by way of cheering her up a peg or two. 'It's not our business.' 'No, it is not. That's where you are right, David—as you always are—dull as they think you,' she said. I was pleased at this. These were kind words from her to me, and if others thought I was a fool, she did not, which was comforting. I said a little more. 'I'm only surprised you told her such a lot about yourself and father, Betsy. I wouldn't have done it ; just as if you'd been drove to it, too.' 'I was drove,' she answered, 'for she knew already. One of those men with the long coats and peaky caps was speak- ing to her yesterday, and asking who I was.' 'What men ?' 'The men who are always about here and on the hills. The men who walk out- side the prison, night and day with guns,' she added with a shiver. 'Oh, the warders. I know.' 'And the men have seen me walking outside the prison, too—for I've been out- side, day after day, just as if there was some comfort in being nearer to him.' 'Ah!' 'Do you think he is so very bad,' she asked, 'and quite past hope, David ? For it's all truth I have told you about him and me.' 'I dare say there's many worse than the —gentleman. Why not ?' This seemed to console her, for she said after me, 'Why not?' and then walked towards the stairs on tiptoe, stop- ping with her little foot upon the first one and looking at me again, so very strangely that I felt curdling and creepy. 'You will have patience with me, David. Don't forget,' she said ; then she went like a ghost, so quiet-like, to her own room. She left me a deal to think of, and I was not fond of thinking. I did not like to know she had not told us all, when I came to spell upon the subject, although a little while ago I had agreed with her. I like to think her frank, and with no sham about her. In one week I had got to fancy her a good deal, and to see her as different from anybody else as chalk from cheese. And yet she had been straightforward enough for half a dozen girls—straightforward enough to tell me she was not quite straightforward, and to hope I should be patient with her when I came to know or guess a little more. Which was odd—which was more and more odd, the more and more I thought of it, leaning against the doorpost, with my hands in my pockets, and the pipe, which had long since burned itself out, still held tight between my teeth. I was very restless that night, and did not think of sleep. It had been hard to find sleep since I had been out of work, not having enough work to knock the wakefulness away from me ; so I leant against the doorpost and took it easy-like. For how long I didn't know, but I must have gone to sleep in the open air, stand- ing up straight like a statue, or a stuck pig, or anything you care to call me, sir. It was a dark night, and warm ; the wind had changed in the last four-and-twenty hours, and brought a breath of spring with it ; I never remembered going off to sleep in the open air like that before. The fact was I thought so much of Betsy, of all my sister had got her to say, of all she had said herself after Leah had gone, that I thought myself silly, and went off clean to sleep. All of a sudden I woke up with a start, and banged my head against the doorpost—woke up, I might say, almost in a fright, as somebody stumbled over my feet, and made a run for it along the street towards the Chesil bank. I had got thieves so across my mind that I was sure some one had slipped into the parlor through the open door, whilst I had been dozing, and robbed us Coster- badies, until I recollected as a certain fact that there was nothing to take away, and this set me right again. But then recollecting—and all this of a flash, though I was not naturally quick—that the party falling over me had caught me on the side next the doorway, and so must have come clean out of my own house, was sufficient to set my long legs after him pretty sharp. If there was one thing, beside quarry work, that came natural to me, it was running when I was put to it, and off I went like a rocket after the party who was scampering along close to the houses, and not going it as fast as a man in a hurry to get away would go as a rule. When he was in the open and was run- ning and clambering up the bank as if he hoped to hide there, or jump into the sea, or something, I could see he had a bundle in his hand which looked like Leah's bundle, which she had pitched into the corner of the room a little while ago. A sense of being wronged and robbed set me off now at double quick, and I was on him the next moment, and then over him, and then under him, and then over him again, with my knees upon his chest and my hands upon his throat. 'Hold hard ! Don't choke a fellow ! I give up,' the man gasped out, and I was gentler with him and got my knees one by one off his chest. 'Who are you—and what are you ?' I asked. 'Your prisoner—isn't that enough ?' 'No, it isn't.' 'Don't make a row. For mercy's sake don't make a row until you've heard me out !' he urged ; 'I'm clean done for.' 'Is that my bundle ?' I enquired. 'No.' 'You took it out of the house yonder. I'll swear you did.' 'It's my own property.' 'It's a lie,' I said ; 'but get up, you rascal, and come back with me.' He got up with a little trouble and some help of mine, and stood by me trembling like a jelly, he was not a strong man ; he saw he was no match for me, and it was not worth his while to try and get away. As he stood up straight, and with no end of trouble too, as if I had hurt him, I saw what he was at once, dark as it was, and with only a blurred outline of a man to look at. I had seen so many poor devils like him—all of one pattern, and not to be wrapped away even by the dark night. 'You've escaped from the prison.' 'Yes, that's it,' he answered. 'How on earth did you manage that ?' I asked. 'It isn't often a man gets away from there.' 'And it's hard when he does, answered the man sulkily, 'and after all his plotting, planning, working, cursing, praying, to come to such an end as this. I'd rather you shoot me than give me up to them again.' 'I never said I was going to give you up.' 'You're not!' he said ; 'good fellow', brave fellow, God bless you, whoever you are ! God bless you, sir !' And the man's voice broke, and his hands, which were shaking like a leaf, seized mine, and wrung them with a tighter grip than when he had clutched me on the beach. 'And I never said I was going to let you go,' I added, at which the man shuddered and dropped my hands, and slunk back away from me. 'It all depends upon that bundle. So just you come back with me into the light. D'ye hear ?' 'It's mine, I tell you.' 'Are you corning back, or shall I make you ?' I asked. 'I'll come. I can't do anything else. Let me lean upon your arm if you don't mind, mate. I'm hurt—awfully.' 'Did I do it?' 'No ; I scrambled down the rocks from the prison, and missed my footing and fell. So I got up a maimed, damned wretch like this.' 'That's why I bested you so easily ?' 'Yes—that's it.' The man passed his arm through mine and crawled with me towards the house, groaning with every step he took. We went into the parlor together, where he dropped into my father's windsor chair, into which I guided him. I stood over him whilst I struck a lucifer and lighted the candle, which the draught, or the man, had blown out whilst I was dosing at my post. And then I saw, clutched in his hand, a bundle of things tied up in a big red cotton handkerchief, all red with white spots, the very bundle which Betsy Watson had carried from the steamer on the day she came to Portland. 'Well—you are a thundering thief to begin again so quick—and an awful liar too !' I said ; 'that bundle belongs to the house, and you sneaked it off a quarter of an hour ago.' 'I said it was my own—and that's the truth,' muttered the man between his teeth. 'No. It can't be the truth.' 'And I can't explain. Don't ask me— what's the use ? Give me some water, for I'm fit to die.' There was a jug of water on the table, and I held it to his lips, which had turned very gray. Yes, the man was ill, and had been knocked about a good deal, and was fit for nothing, save to pity perhaps. I didn't know why I should pity him— but he looked so helpless and broken- down a wretch, with his two big eyes, like an animal's, watching me in fear, and trying to guess by my broad face what I was thinking of. His was the face of a man of forty-five—though I thought it was an old man's face as I looked at it then ; it was so full of lines, the skin was so dark and withered, and the close cut hair upon his head was as white as snow. There was blood upon his forehead and nose, and upon his hands and convict dress—he was a nasty sight to look at, take him altogether, and it did not come to my dull wits who he was, and why he had walked into my house upon his way from gaol. I was not quick at guess- work ever. I have said so. 'It did not come to me till, with my ears pricked up, I heard the softest tread tread upon the stairs, and some one coming down them, step by step, pausing at each and listen- ing to our talk, and then coming on again. There was only one who could tread as light as that in Chesil, and before she joined us I guessed the truth of it, as I ought to have done before. I put my hand upon his shoulder, and said in a low voice— 'Your name is Watson?' 'Well,' he answered, 'and if it is ?' 'The father of the girl who's coming to us now ?' I asked hoarsely. 'Yes,' he said with a groan ; 'God help us both—that's it !' It was no use denying it, and he knew it as well as I did. I daresay he would have told a lie if he could have done it easy, and spared her or himself, but with her coming towards him, dressed as I had seen her last, and with her big brown eyes staring wide at me, and looking as if she hated me already, there was not much use contradicting it by a single word again. She went towards him, and put her arm about his neck, and drew the bruised head to her side, and smoothed the short white hair upon it. 'Yes, this is my father, she said ; 'what are you going to do with him, David?' I looked from her to him. 'I don't know,' I answered ; 'it's not my business to hurt him, or to give him up—or—or anything.' 'He did not steal that bundle—I gave it him. 'I brought it from London for him,' she explained in a low voice ; 'it contains clothes which he was to change for this horrible prison dress.' 'Good lor ! You knew he was going to escape then ?' 'Yes, I did,' she confessed. 'How was that ?' 'Some one came to her at Whitechapel, and told her so,' explained the father, 'and to ask her to be ready for me at any night after the twenty-second. A man out of his time sneaked that message to her, with the prison brutes never a bit the wiser. Oh, no !' He almost smiled, until a twinge of pain brought him to his miserable self again. 'You've worked it well between the lot of you,' I said, rubbing the bumps upon my forehead, and feeling lost and silly at all this. 'Do you call it well?' he downright hissed at me ; 'to be crippled like this, and with no power to move hand or foot —to be dragged back presently to the cruel slavery of a life like mine. Four- teen full years of it now too, by God ! Think of it, man—think of it !' I was thinking of it already, and it was making me feel very miserable, with Betsy's brown eyes watching me all the while. 'Yes, it's bad enough,' I said ; 'it's precious bad, I know. But haven't you deserved it ?' 'Perhaps I have,' he muttered. 'But there's lots to be said on my side, for with no one ever caring for me, or being better than myself, I grew to this, of course. Betsy,' he said, turning to his daughter, 'who is this—this giant of a man?' 'Mr. Costerbadie—he lives in this house—where I lodge.' 'Very poor, ain't you ?' he asked sharply now. 'Yes, very poor,' I said. 'And honest,' added Betsy. 'Ay, he's had a better start that I had, I'll be bound,' said Watson. 'And generous,' concluded Betsy, and I felt myself blushing all over as she went on ; 'a good, warm hearted fellow, father, who is my friend, and who will be your friend for my sake, even at some risk ; who will hide you, and protect you some- how till you're strong again, and not give up as any coward would.' I was very dull but hardly quite as dull as not to see the drift of tide, for all the way in which she put it ; and not to see the danger of it either to the lot of us ; to her especially, who was very much upon my mind, I tell you, sir—more than she could possibly think, considering the little time I'd known her. Yes, I saw all the danger—but this was Betsy's father. And I knew Betsy's father was a blackguard, and not worth thinking of overmuch or getting into trouble for, but I said slowly— 'I'll hide you if I can.' 'God bless you, Davie !' cried Betsy, with trembling lips and tears springing to her eyes—so quick, that I could have cried myself just to keep her company. 'I don't think as how He will for taking care of him,' I said, pointing to her father ; 'and it isn't for his sake, but for yours, I'll chance getting into prison along with him. That's all.' The convict looked from me to Betsy curiously, and then from Betsy to me again. 'It's not a bit of use,' he said at last, and he groaned hard again as he said it ; 'where could this chap hide me where I shouldn't be pounced upon half an hour afterwards ? Is there such a place in Portland ?' he asked. 'I'll try and find one.' 'But is there?' 'I don't think there is. Still, I'll do my best. You're hurt, you see, and—' 'Yes, yes, that's it,' he answered ; 'that's the cruel mischief of it. If I had been as well and strong as I was yester- day, I might have got away.' 'You might,' I said doubtfully. 'And now I get you and Betsy into trouble instead.' 'And Betsy's been a good girl all her life, I put in here. 'How do you know ?' he asked. 'She's told me so.' The man actually laughed at this, and patted the hands that were clasped about his neck—laughed so loudly, that had not Leah and the rest of them been sound sleepers they must have heard him in their rooms. 'Here's a man with faith in you, Betsy, and believes every word you say, and takes it down for gospel truth—and which it is he said, turning suddenly to me, 'for I have kept her away from Dick Watson all my life, and so have kept her good. That's something, ain't it ?' 'But I was getting tired of that,' he went on ; and when her letters reached me now and then, and were full of pity for me, and were clever letters, too, that told me she was brisk and sharp, and so on, I thought if I could get away she would be of mighty help to me.' 'In what ?' I asked. 'In what I have been brought up to all my life, and am only clever in myself,' he cried, as if in spite now ; 'do you think I can begin anything else at my age, you big idiot ?' Betsy had turned very pale, and the hands about his neck were trembling very much. 'Mine was a different view of life, father,' she whispered ; 'it was of a place away from here, where you and I might have begun very humbly but worthily— something ! I thought if I could get you away—if I only could—I—' 'That'll do,' he answered hoarsely, 'I don't want to hear it. It's a picture, but it ain't reality. There's no more good in it than in me.' And yet there was some good in this waste of a man, and it came out, too, in a queerish way—and where I least expected it. And this is how it came out. He looked up suddenly at Betsy. Do you mind leaving us for a quarter of an hour and going to your own room ? I want to talk to this man.' Betsy looked surprised. 'You can trust me with him, can't you ?' he asked almost fretfully. 'Oh ! yes.' 'And if he gave me up—why, Betsy, it wouldn't matter much. You're saved, he's saved, and it's only the old life again for me ; and if we get away,' he added fiercely, 'it means mind, my thief's life, with you to help me always. None of your weeping and wailing penitence for me; it isn't in my line, and I won't have it. There.' Betwy shivered and moved away. 'We will talk of this presently, you and I together,' she answered, 'and with God's help.' 'Very well. But go away now—and, Betsy.' 'Yes.' 'Kiss me, will you ?' he growled out ; 'there, now hook it.' 'As Betsy went softly upstairs Dick Watson scuffled to his feet, put his arm through mine again and said in a thick, low voice, 'Come on, gov'ner ! Take me away—get me out of this.' 'I don't know where to take you.' 'Back to prison, you dolt ! Don't you see I'm only fit for that ?' 'Oh ! I see that plain enough,' I an- swered. 'And that's where I am going ; I won't have her brought into the scrape. I won't have you. Do you hear—don't you under- stand ?' he cried ; 'if I could have got away, I'd have altered my mind now.' 'You're going to give yourself up ?' 'Something like it. Come on ! Let's get out of your home, I can't breathe in it somehow.' 'But—Betsy ?' I asked, as we walked from the house together. 'I have said good-bye to her. You can tell her to-morrow I wasn't going to get her into trouble, and that life with me would have been all I said just now. You need not,' he said, 'talk about my repent- ance, or any of that humbug ; 'but for all that, Costerbadie, my pluck failed me at the last. She's better without me.' We were in the dark high road to- gether, and making towards the higher ground, at a slow and painful rate for him. His arm was like a lump of iron upon mine, as he leant with all his weight upon it. 'Youll never be able to go much farther, man,' I said, 'but I daresay I can carry you.' 'I'll go till I drop,' he answered, be- tween his teeth, 'and taking our time we shall be able to do it. I'm in no parti- cular hurry !' and here he laughed again, like a man who had no end of fun in him, and was letting some of it off now like steam. Presently he said— 'You don't persuade me to alter my mind ?' 'No.' 'For Betsy's sake, ain't it ?' 'Yes ; that's it.' 'Just as for Betsy's sake you'd have tried to hide for a time?' 'Yes, exactly.' 'Not a bad sort, you,' he muttered ; 'and with some sorrow in you even for a fellow like me, though you don't show it much.' 'I'm not very sorry for you,' I said, bluntly enough, but he did not seem to take any notice. 'Tell her I was determined to go back to prison, will you, Costerbadie ?' 'She'll think I have taken you there, and will hate me after this,' I said. 'She will soon understand,' he replied ; 'she will see it is clear as day, and bear in mind all I said to her just now. She's not as dull as you are.' not as dull she'll follow us .when 'Don't you think she'll follow us when the quarter of an hour is up ?' 'Ah ! she may ; let us get on a bit faster. Hark—what's that?' We stopped to listen. There came the grind, grind of heavy feet in the distance, and coming down the hill. 'Two of them,' he said, after a minute's pause ; 'two of the warders.' 'Perhaps not.' 'As if I didn't know that infernal tread by this time, as if I hadn't heard it day after day, year after year. Catch hold of my collar, will you ? Quick !' 'What for?' 'You've found me, and are dragging me back,' he cried. 'That's five pounds in your pocket for your loyalty to the Crown ; it's always five pounds reward. Don't you understand ?' 'Yes—but Betsy. Oh ! Lord's sake, what will she think of me now ?' The five pounds is for her ; she will not have a penny when she gets back to London. Give it to her, as a little pre- sent from me.' 'But—' 'Man, it's your only chance of not being dragged in as an accomplice ; it's her only chance too. Catch hold, you fool !' I held him by the collar, and then the prison men were before us—two black shadows of men, who carried guns under their arms. As they approached, Watson said to me in a loud voice— 'You need not hold as tight as that unless you want to kill me ; I am coming quiet enough, ain't I ?—and here's the cursed slops to help you.' The men were facing us now, with their guns very handy for shooting us both down. 'Watson !' cried one, 'and out of prison !' 'Ah ! and caught again,' said Watson. 'Haven't they missed me yet ?' 'No, hanged if they have !' growled the officer ; 'and who's the man that's caught you.' 'David Costerbadie, quarryman,' I said. 'Where did you find him ?' 'On the Chesil bank,' answered Watson for me ; 'and the big brute has been jumping on me to keep me still. He's nearly done for me.' 'Serve you right,' was all the officer's reply. * * * * * And that's the shabby way, sir, I got Dick Watson's daughter out of trouble, and it was a long while before she for- gave me, or understood it, or would see anything but a double face in me ; and when she did see it all clearly I was very unhappy, and that seemed to bring it round pretty quick, and open her eyes of a sudden to the truth of it—opened her eyes by little and little, too, to the fact that I was fond of her ; and so she didn't go back to Whitechapel ever any more, but found work to do in the town until I got into full work soon afterwards myself, and on the strength of it got married. That was two years before Dick Watson died in Portland prison. He never get out of gaol to begin his new life, or take up his old one, and I think it was just as well. He had done a good turn in his life in leaving Betsy to herself ; and the day before he died, when Betsy was allowed to see him, and say good-bye to him, he was very proud of that. 'It's one to me, Betsy, when they come to the long reckoning,' were the last words he said to my good lady, sir. 