THE LANGUAGE AND THE RACE. It is universally admitted at the present day. that the guiding principle of the political combinations of our time is nationality, and the trae test of nationality and the true bond of national cohesion is language. Just as the possession of a common speech explains the clo-.e sympathy which exists over and above all political questions between England, the United States, and Australasia, so docs it elucidate the real focus of the ever burning Eastern question, the Panslavonic idea. It 13 true that within the last few weeks there has come to light a curious instance of how affinity of race and language may be cast aside in order to follow out what is considered a better policy, and to unite with an old and heredi tary foe. Italy has just joined a League, practically if not avowedly hostile to a sister cation of the Latin race, and in volving a union -with the formerly de tested 'Austrian oppressor.' Whether this is only a temporary return to the mediaeval policy, which took little or no note of race or tongue, but merely con sidered, and generally in a very short 'sjghifed manner, the-poHtieal expediency of an alliance, we cannot say, but at any rate it i3 only an exception to the great rule of the age. Taming first to our own tongue, -we ?perceive its unique and remarkably favour able' position. The English language is spreading, '* ~nbt bo much through force of arms, at least at the present day, as through the com mercial energy of those who use it,, through its own ease of acquirement, an* its adaptability to all tho purposes ol life. It resembles a girdle cast around tho world, by means of which tho- com merce, trade, and communication' of the whole earth circulate. No othec tongue has ever approached it in the wider domain it covers, or in the number ol races who have learned to speak it. Not to mention England, America, and Aus tralasia, -where it is the national speech, it is the language of commerce and government in South Africa, India, and Further India, in the busy ports of China and Japan, and in a hundred islands of the Pacific Ocean and the West Indies. It is the tongue of many a curious little isolated ocean community, separated from the nearest land by a thousand miles of restless water, such as the Falkland Isles, Tristan d'Acunha, or Norfolk Island. On the Continent of Europo it iff now studied in every higher school, and', the Germans have taken a pleasuio in giving it -the place of honour in their odu« cational system formerly occupied by tho languages of the 'hereditary foe.' In fact, the Englishman's danger of su'Toring inconvenience or perhaps of getting into hot water abroad through ignorance of a foreign tongue has well nigh disappeared. Indeed, the complaints are exactly tho other way now, for thoao who g-- abroad with the intention of practising or 'polishing up' their knowledge of a foreign languago find their opportunities of doing bo almost destroyed .by the oagor ness shown by every educated foreigner to exercise himself in the language of tho great Republic and tho groat Empire. The acquisition of English ia the indis* pensable first sto]'- for the young German desirous of making his fortune, and avoiding military service, in London ok New York; while those few Teutous who are not consumed by a desire to visit either of these golden cities are anxious to acquire English because of its commercial utility, or in order to appreciate its literature. Poor, too, would be the chance of om ployment for a waiter in any good hotel in Europe if he had not at least a smattering of the language of thoao ubi quitous English and Americans; while the portier or concierge who did not number English amongst his three or four languages would truly have to hide hia diminished head. We shall have some thing more to say about English in dis cussing the question of the struggle for existence among languages, and will now merely point out that the com munity of language is doing much towards obliterating the old feelings of enmity, relics of the war of independence formerly existing between the United States and England. These two great nations are now exchanging their litera ture, the eame magazines are published for both countries, and there is a 1 approehement which is growing closet every day, in spite of, and perhap3 partially because of, the Irish-American agitation. How deep this feeling of friendship and kinship may be it would be rash indeed to say, and the future— perhaps some desperate struggle foe Anglo-Saxon supremacy — alone will make it clear. At the close of the Franco-Prussian war the words 'Pan-Teutonic Empire' were in every one's mouth. But no step has since been taken by the leading man in Germany to realize this ambition. Hia policy has been one of quiescence, and hia only wish has appeared to be the main tenance of the status in quo. But we must remember two German proverbs which seem to embody the policy of the great Chancellor — ' Ohm Hast, ohne East,' and ' Aufgeschdben ist nicht aufqehoben.' There were tho very best of reasons why no precipitate steps should bo taken to consummate the ideal. The 'absorption' of those two old fragments of the mediaeval German Empire — Bel- gium and Holland— would have been at once a casus heUi for both England and France, and the German Government has always shown an almost nervous appre hension of wounding British suscepti bilities. However, this is discussing politics instead of languages. Suffice it to say that such Bhadows of coming events as the Austro- German alliance, the seizure of Bosnia and Herze govina, and the pushing forward of strategic railway lines through this terri tory to join the Turkish system, show that the dream of a Pan-Teutonic Empire stretching from Copenhagen to- Trieste, and from Antwerp to Riga — or, who knows, to Constantinople ? — is merely postponed, not relinquished. The Pan* Slavonic question is also one of language. Any one who takes up the little pamphlet issued by the British and Foreign Bibla Society, containing one text in anincredible number of tongues, and looks at the ten Slavonic dialects given there, will under stand the ardent aspirations of Eastern Europe for a Pan- Slavic Empire. He will see that all these languages, from Bohemian in the north to Bulgarian in the south, are so closely allied that they require only a little assimilation to make them one. Indeed the wonder is — and it says much for the vitality of the Slav languages — that, although under German dominion for centuries, they have re mained so pure from foreign admixture, either in vocabulary or grammar. The problem which Russia has to solve, in order to include in her vast Empire the other Slav races of Europo, is a very different one from that which Germany has in hand, and of course clashes hopelessly with it. The difference is all in favour of Russia. None of tho countries that are wanting to the Teu tonic Empire of the future have any wish to be absorbed. They have all inde pendent and long - established Govern ments of their own, and probably even Austria does not so much love the German alliance as she dreads Russia and distrusts her own power of cohesion. On the othec hand, all the scattered nationalities which look to Russia as their protectress, and show her influence in every political move they make, are still under foreign role, Austrian, German, or Turkish, or have (as in the case of Servia) only lately been emancipated, and are without national stability. As regards 'the road to Con stantinople' — that point -h mire of both empires — Russia has again the advantage. It is true that by the annexation of Bosnia Austria is enabled to push her rail ways through her own territory to join the Turkish lines; but it must roi be forgotten that her road lies through a Slavonic-speaking population, hating her with the fierce antipathy of race, and looking to Russ:.a for protection. On tbe other hand, Rus-aa has already unofficially annexed Bulgaria, her high road to Constantinople. Although still nominally a vacsal of Turkey, Bulgaria is administered chiefly by Russian officials, and is completely under Russian influence. We question if the very name the Musco vites have for Constantinople — Tsargorod, 'The City of the Czar' — is not a power ful assistant to their plans, for it keep3 alive in the mind of eveiy peasant the belief that it is the destiny of Holy Russia some day to possess the Imperial City. The struggle for existence amongst languages is not less real than it is in every other form of life, and here not less than elsewhere does the survival of the fittest ensue. We have spoken of the vast extension achieved by the English lan guage, but its greatest admirers must allow that it has been introduced among tlie many nations who use it more or less, not so much voluntarily as by com mercial enterprise, or as being the lan guage of the Government. In the n-alter of making conquests by pure force of meiit, and merely through the goodwill of those who accept another tongue as a means of intercourse or of literature, French must be allowed to cany off the palm. By the excellence of its literature, its easy construction, its clearness of expression, and idiomatic conciseness, as well aa by considerable commercial and political activity on the part of the people speaking it, it has become the diplomatic language of all Europe. In Russia, and partially in Aus tria and Germany, it has been adopted by the higher classes a3 the organ of conver sation and literature, and it is taught as pait of a liberal education in. every countiy in the world. In language, as ia many other things, appearances are often deceptive. Surely if ever a form, of speech appeared solid, compact, and ponderously capable of with standing a perfect bombardment of com petition, it is the German tongue. And yet, when put to the cruel test of experience, it has proved itself almost the weakest in the whole group. In an interesting account of the foreign population of the United States which has been recently pub lished, the writer especially notes that, while the French in the States and in Canada cling tenaciously to their native language, the Germans abnegate theira in favour of English. The same transforma tion is visible in these colonies, and is unquestionably most useful in building up a homogeneous State. Among the lower classes of Germans the home language is completely unknown to the second gene ration, and even in educated families, both here and in England, it is sometimes the same. However, when German come3 into conflict with a language even more elephantine and inflectional than itself, it holds its own stoutly. Thus, in the Baltic provinces of Russia, the authorities, eager to Russify the rising generation, find con siderable difficulty in even teaching the German children the ruling language, although no trouble or expense is spared to do so, and Russian appears to make no progress in displacing its rival. Neither has any power of expansion been shown by the other Teutonic tongues, and this goo3 far towards proving that it is from the Romanic rather than the Teutonic side that English, draws its wonderful conciseness, adaptability to all circumstances, and power of effacing other tongues. Another proof of tbi3 is the fact that Spanish, another Romanic language, has always shown both vitality and power of conquest, being in this respect the only rival of English and French. Since the decline of the Spanish monarchy in Europe the language lm found in South America a vast field for expansion, and there its success has been great. Ia his recent work on South America Mr. Gallenga re marks on the ease and celerity with which all the foreigners who throng yearly in thousands to Buenos Ayres and other parts of the Argentine Republic adopt Spanish as a means of intercourse with their neighbours, and finally as their home language. Thus we may feel sure that whatever tongues may perish in the fierce struggles by which the future will seek to simplify the intercourse of nations, these two, English and Spanish, will survive. Language and politics have always had much in common, but never has the linguistic question been so im portant and all - pervading as at the present day. In fact it has been' accepted as the most rational bond of union and as the tie which most firmly binds together the citizens of one State. OuB Quabastise Regulations. — It is satisfactoiy to learn that there is no ground for the excitement produced in London by the report which obtained currency on Friday last tbat a case of Asiatic cholera hadoccurred in the docks; but the prevalence of the fearful epidemic not only among the natives of Egypt, but among the British troops alon? the course of the Suez Canal, justifies apprehension and demands the most careful surveillance of all vessels passing through the infected districts. But cautions against the impor tation of contagious disease ought not to be deferred until an outbreak has actually taken place, their object being to prevent its communication entirely if possible ; and we trust that the authorities to whom the quarantine regula tions for . guarding the inhabitants of South Australia frcn epidemic disease are entrusted are exercising the utmost care at the present moment to see that no infection effects a landing here. _ It 13 to be feared that their operations are not pTways so watchfully discharged as they might be, and this is obviously a time when close scrutiny should be taken of every vessel arriving from the irfected shores. It is satisfactory to learn from the latest advices that the epidemic s:an's to be abating in E./pt,, but it is nevertheless well to be thoroughly prepared for any emergency. .?^SH NCTAELES FOB At-ET VIDE.— Our Albany correspondent telegraphs that the _fathan, a steamship belo^ng to the Colonial Jj'ne.has arrived, and on' Saturday took her departure for Adelaide, having on board some/ Irish notable characters.'' Themea rap is not vei/ explicit, and, unfortunately, Whl6^ Unable t0 sPeak Albany last night. ««!. i. se P^engers are is, therefore, at ?!£ /?.mewnat uncertain. As the steamer referred to cleared London on June 12 the witSi.'*1118 rcm our special correspondent wmen appeared in our issues of May 20 and il niav Possibly relate to the persona alluded to in our Albany message. The telegrams referred to stated that 'the greater por tion of those persons (including Kavana^h, Smith, Hanlon, and Peter Carey) who were admitted as informers in the recent murder trials in Ireland have availed themselves of the ofTers made by the Government to e^b'e them to quit the country. Their desfcinatioi, however, has not yet been made public.' The Pathan is a steamer of 2,700 tons burthen, ard has come to the colonies via Colombo. Still Ashore at Hen-ley.— The echooner Eliza is still aground ao Henley Beach. The recent storm having driven her some twenty feet higher up, slie now lies within 100 yards of the Henley Beach BoteL The Intercolonial Eight-oared Race and South Australia. — The probability of South Australia being represented at the next intercolonial race at Easter of 1884 has been_ warmly received bv the Victorian Rowing Association, and the Secretary was requested by that body to forward to Mr. E. G. Blackmore full particulars as to the conditions of the race, the course itself, and the bends and currents in the river whereon it is rowed. As at one part of the race an outside boat, of three competing, would be at great disadvantage, owing to a curve in the stream, should a South Australian eight enter the Victorian Association contemplate changing the course so as to put each boat on equal terms. In the meanwhile steady prac tice in the Port eight is going on every Satur day, a crew made up from the different clubs going down the Port Eiver. On Saturday home nine miles was compassed, the boat f,olng down to Mutton Cove and back. The water was in spendid condition, being very calm, with scarcely a breath of wind. The boat was manned as follows :— J. Begg bow, R. Hall 2, G. Cox 3, W. Kay 4, J. Fisher 5, J. Poole 6, E. G. Blackmore 7, J. Lamb stroke, G. P. Blackmore cox. On the return journey a change was made, A. Hall going to the after thwart and La^b going No. 2, Cox being shifted to 6, and Baker coming in at 3, Poole going back in a racing pair with McEachern, in which Baker had rowed down. After the boat had fairly started she was taken at a lone steady swin^, easing twice on the way, to the Cove, up which she pulled a short distance, and then turned and rowed back the best part; of a mile to a beach, where the crew went ajshore. Re-embarking, and paddling a short distance to try stretchers and fittings, she went home in one breath, with a slight pause at Musquito Point, and finished sharp up the last reach. The Late Dr. Gosse. — At the Unitarian. Church on Sunday morning the Rev. J. C. Woods, B.A., concluded his sermon with the following reference to the late William Gosse, M.D.: — 'Several years a^o it was my duty to habitually visit a poor dying girl, one gradually sinking from consumption. She was the child of a widow in indigent circum stances. A medical man of this city attended her regularly for many months without any expectation of fee or reward. One day, a short time before tier death, she expressed a wish for a luxury far beyond her mother's means to obtain for her. Her doctor heard of this, and busy as he was in the concerns of a large practice, very soon was it procured for her at his own expense, and sent to the poor girl in a form such as would have been adopted for the richest of his patients. This act struck me as one of beautiful unselfish kindness, when, quite accidentally aa we say, it came to my knowledge. I always honoured the doer of this kind deed afterwards. The doctor w ho did it, and it was one of many such, was the late William Gosse, M.D. I say peace be to him, and honour to his memory.' Saturday Popuiak Concerts. — His Ex cellency the Governor, Lady Eobinson, and suite, and a fair audience, despite the state of the weather, attended at the sixteenth of the series of popular concerts which are being given at the Town Ha1! on Saturday eveninis. It was announced that Madame Kate lhayer was so severely indisposed as to be unable to attend, and. Miss Pliiiord san-j two numbers in place of those assigned to Madame Thayer on the programme. One of the two selections given was ' In Happier Days,' composed by Sir W. C. F. Robinson, K.C.M.G. It has a tuneful, pleasing melody, and the effect of its rendition was heightened by a violoncello obbligato played by Mr. Reimers. Jaxa. G-. Crocker Smith san'j Bishop's 'Bid Me Discourse' and 'I am a Mcny Zingari' in excellent style and with good expression. She received a hrariy encore for Bishop's piece, to which she grace fully responded, and for the Balfe number a recall was extended. Of the gentlemea, Mr. Christian Reimers was in the belt fo/m, as east winds do not usually produce conges tions of fingers, or wet feet disturb the sounding bojrd of the 'cello. Mr. Relmer'a solo numbers, 'Romance,' by Goltermann. and an air and gavotte by Bach, were exquisitely played, and elicited imperative encores, which were in each case responded to. Mr. Nash san? a new ballad, ' Polly,' by MaTloy, and Donizetti's difficult cavatina ' La Mia Vendelta.' He wa3 not in as good voice as usual, but his effcis were praiseworthy, and gave evident satisfaction. Mr. Lenehan, who was a'so suffering from ' an attack of tbe weather.' was down for ' Come into tbe garden, Maud,' Wellhn's taking sonT 'Golden Love,' and a duet with Mr. Nash. In the former piece the tenor's voice showed such symptoms of a cold that it would have been positively cruel for Maud or any other wall-re^alated female to liave encouraged any outdoor promenade! with him. He warned up to hi3 work, how ever, in the second part, and in the solo and subsequent duet exhibited to better ad vantage tho3e pleaiin-j qualities of voice which have been spoken of on previous oc casiors. Herr Stance was the piarr'st, and five. Warner's ' Taonhauser,' and Weber's rilliant 'liwitation to the w?1tz' with his accustomed skill and precision. His ac companiments were also a decided feature of tne evening's entertainment. The next concert will be given on Saturday evening. New School Buildings. — New Srite schools are in course of erection at Port Augusta and Hawker by Messrs. Thomas Sara & Co. At Port Augusta the new build ing adjoins the old school at the south side, and is a tingle-story building of Two Hum mocks stone with cement dressings. The contract price is £1,187, and the work will be completed in about six weeks. It is of the ordinary style of school architecture in this colony, a fine broad verandah running alorg the front for 25 feet, being 7 feet wide. There are two classrooms, one 43 x 20 feet, and 19 feet in height from floor to ceiling (which is coved 3 feet high) and the other of the same height and 20 x 18. The walls of each are 16 feet high, and there is a new lavatory 7 x 10 feet. The Hawker school is a totally new one, and contains one classroom 25 x 20 x 14, the hekht from floor to cove ceiling being 16 feet. It is being built of Hawker stone, which is said to be a superior article, and will have brick dressings. The teachers residence will contain four rooms, three being 13 x 13 feet, and one 18i x 13 feet, the walls being 11* feet high. 'It was commenced seven weeks ago, and will be competed in a month. South Australian Typographical Society.— The half-yearly meeting of this Society was held on Saturday evening, July 2S, in the Labour League Hall, Hindley street, Mr. A. A. Kirkpatrick (President) presiding. There was a good attendance of members. The Secretary (Mr. E. H. Clark) read the half - yearly report and balance sheeii. There is £l,0C0 out on mortgage, and the Mortality Fund amounts to £S7 14s. 3d., bringing the total of the Society's funds up to £1,264 15s. lid.— an increase in the past six months of £114 7s. 3d. The election of officers then took place with the following result : — President, Mr. Joseph Patterson ; Vice-Presidents, Messrs. S. J. Cross and H. Henstridge ; Auditors, Messrs. T. A. Reeves (re-elected) and C. H. Keatch. Reference being made in the report by the Board of Manage ment to the unsatisfactory working of some oi the rules, it was decided that they should be revised forthwith. Serious Accidevt. — A youth named John Whitelaw, aged eeventeen, resident at Nor wood, was admitted io the Hospital on Saturday. He had been working at Isling ton, where he fell from a scaffolding twenty feet in height, breaking both arms, and the right thigh, besides receiving other injuries. Mrs. Hampson's Mission.— The mission being conducted by Mrs. Hampson is pro ceeding with increased vigour and interest, nd admission to the Town Hull becomes a matter of greater ditScuLy as day by dav the lady preacher's fame be comes ' known. On Sunday afternoon a special service, chiefly intended for Sabbath-schools, was held, and though Mrs. Hampt-on'a intention of confining it to such wp.s made public, scores of adults were pre sent, and the hall was crowded, hundreds having to turn back, including several schools, the children of which went in bodies. Mrs. Hampson based her remarks on the text, 'Suffer little children to come unto Me,' and spoke for twenty-five minutes. During part of her touching and able address the speaker had a little boy on her knee— one illustrative by his dress and appearance of 'the great unwashed.' The Rev. S. Mead opened and closed the meeting. In the evening the hall was packed to its r.tmost_ capacity, hundreds being refused admission, and a bi.dy of police was present to prevent too great a crush. Mrs. Hampson took for her text Luke xvi. 9, and stated that God had given all people time, talents, and the Bible. Her address, which was telling and interesting, lasted over an hour. Referring to time, she entreated persons not to spend it in fruitless amuse ment, but to devote it to the furthe rance of God's work. Then, with regard to talents she pointed more particularly to literary men, in whose hand lay tha powerful wielding of the pen for good md eviL The Bible she termed a nusrjet if gold which God had sent, and dilated on ts grand resistance to the onslaughts of icepticism and every type of infidelity and prejudice. Despite all attacks it had with itood them, ancf it was marching, and would itill march on ita great progress, for it was ;he Divine inspiration that framed it, and ;he Divine hand which guided it. In order » ameliorate to a certain degree the disap pointment hundreds of persons experienced n not being able to gain entrance, tfrs. Hampson decided to hold a second neeting, and this was as largely attended as :hefir8t. She took as a general text the lealing of Naaman, the leper, and drew from t many lessons of humility. The enquiry room after the meeting was well tilled. h.t a meeting of the Women's Prayer Union n the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture Hall )n Saturday afternoon, a committee was ippointed and Mrs. E. Scrymgour elected Secretary. A meeting in the evening at the Flinders-street Baptist Church, for anxious mes, was well attended. The lady evange ist delivered a solemn address, and at its inclusion there were twelve scekera. Home Mission Society. — The Bishop of Adelaide preached to a large congregation at jlenelg on Sunday morning in aid of the Some Mission Society. Before delivering the ?ermon his Lordship read the following pas ioral letter : — ' My dear people — I earnestly :ommend to you the cause for which the :ollection for the Home Missions Fond is aeing made in your Church. In connection ft-ith the Bishop's Home Mission Society^ it svill be henceforward given to the extension jf the Church's work in our own Diocese, A jxeat trust devolves upon us, brethren. For )ur Master's sake, and for our brethren's ?ake, and, indeed, for our ovrn sake, we are bound to do our utmost ia banding on the blessings which we ourselves have shared in. For our Master's sake^ — for in His constant love He is yearning after those who do not know His ways, and we would enter into His mind; for our brethren's sake — forwaknow their needs, and that the Church has a mes sage which can satisfy their wants and bring life to their souls ; and for our own sake, for tre only live in exercising our power of life, uid to rest indifferent to the spiritual (rants around us means the decay of the spiritual life we have. A letter, which any sf you can receive on application to your ulergyman or to the fcChurch Office in Adelaide, will indicate the manner in which we are endeavouring to develop the Church's work. The fields are already ripe for harvest, md the Great Master Reaper, the Lord of fcne harvest, who would send forth His labourers into His harvest, claims from us the help He has put it in our power to give. It is in His name I am urging upon you the great duty and privilege of extending the work of his Church, of gathering wanderers into the fold of which He is the Shepherd, of building np that house over which He i3 the Son, and of fostering the growth of that body of which He is the Head. He will not despise the offering of the poorest, but the measure of His love to us should be the measure 01 the effort in which we make known His love to others. Praying the blessing of Dur merciful God upon you, I am, my dear people, your faithful servant in Christ Jesus, 11\. W. Adelaide.' The text for the sermon was taken from Hosea xiv., 4-8, and the preacher dwelt upon the purity, strength, growth, and influence of the Church, which he said was brought about by the indwelling of the Holy Ghost. He then referred to the Society on whose behalf he was preaching, and pointed out that the fund was now used entirely for extending the Church work in the Diocese, which was in need of more clergy. There were also a large number of places within the province too poor to help themselves, and who therefore needed as sistance. A collection was subsequently taken up in aid of the funds of the Society, which amounted to upwards of £25. His Lordship will preach at St. Paul's on Sunday next on behalf of the Society. Norwood Town Hall. — This Hall will be opened by His Excellency the Gover nor this afternoon. The architects have sup plied the following description: — 'The building, situated .on the north side of the Parade, at the corner of George-street, Norwood, and only just finished, is the most complete municipal building in the suburbs, comprising a handsome Council Chamber 32 x 18 feet, entered from the main entrance hall, and immediately connected with the Town Clerk and Mayor's rooms, 16 x 16 feet, the latter having a private entrance from the side lobby. The Surveyor's, 16 x 15 ft. 6 in. ; Eate Collector's, 18 x 16 feet ; and Messenger's rooms, 16 x 13 feet, are all conveniently situated, and handy to the Council Chamber and Town Clerk. These rooms, with ample out offices, wood and coal houses, complete the municipal portion, The TownHall proper hastwo main entrances, one from the front through the main entrance hall 1 0 feet wide, with a tiled floor, and having a succession of archways, enriched with moulded caps and bases, finished in Keen's cement, and presenting a very handsome appearance. The other eiurance is by a portico, 17 x 13 feet, at the side by two large doors opening outwards, thus servingas escape doors in case of a panic. The hall is SO x 40 feet, with a height of nearly thirty feet. The walls are broken up -with piers having moulded caps and bases, sur mounted by an enriched cornice at bottom of cove and finished on the ceiling with an enriched moulding to correspond. The hall is light by two starlights from ceiling and finished with an enriched moulding. The proscenium to stage is ritted with every con venience, having doors on either side for the convenience of actors and actresses, with footlights, and connected by a staircase with the rooms below the stage, comprising ladies' and gentlemen's dressing-rooms with accom modation and a greenroom. In case of the hall being used for public dinners, &c;, a serving lobby has been provided, connected by a staircase to the kitchen below, with wood and coal cellar leading off same. Before entering the hall on the left is a gentlemen's cloak-room, and on the ri-jht a ladies' cloak room, both of which have also separate external entrances. One of the handsomest features in the building is the staircase hall, being enclosed on three sides with a suc cession of arches, all enriched with moulded caps and bases, and having a bold staircase five feet wide leading to the supper or assembly-room on the first floor, through half -glass swing doprs from the lauding, which is arched in a similar manner to that below. This room, which is 75 x 26, with a height of about 20 feet, is finished with a coved cor nice similar to that in Town Hall proper.' Leading off this room are the hat and cloak lobbies, coffee and serving room, the latter being connected with kitchen by a dinner-lift and separate staircase. The balconette over porch, which is tiled, is reached through two half-glass doors, and from this portion the look-out on the tower is reached by means of a stairway through bell and clock towers. The four front rooms looking on do the parade are devoted to letting purposes, being about 19 x 16, and very lofty. The building has eight entrances in all, five staircases, ample water- closet accommodation, well lit, and thoroughly ventilated. It is carried out in a purely classical style of architecture in che Tuscan and Doric orders, in freestone and cement dressings. The tower, finished with a flagstaff and handsome iron railing, has provision for the reception of bells, and the clock-tower is filled in with louvres, awaiting the beneficence of the Councillors or some other generous citizens to replace it with a handsome clock. The building has been car ried out by Mr. Joseph Lang, contractor, of Medindie, under the supervision of Messrs. Bayer & WithalL The Flood at Hesley Beach.— During the necessary repairs to the line occasioned by the flood, a wagonette conveyed pas sengers across the break, but car traffic is now resumed. Theatre Royal.—' The Grand Duchess' received its final representation on Saturday night, before a thin attendance. The east winds and severe storms of the week placed Mr. Beaumont hors de combat, Mr. George Leopold going on for Fritz. This evening Lecocq's opera ' The Little Duke' will be pre sented. Miss Melville will introduce a song, ' Kisses tell the Tale,' which it is said was specially written for her in America. A minuet will also be introduced, in which Misses Melville and Plaisted will take part. ' The Little Duke' is one of the most charm ing comic operas on the stage, and abounds in excellent solos and concerted music Distressed Immigrants' Fund.— Amount pre viously reported for general fund, £5 ; Sympathizer, 5s. ; C. H. S., £1 ; A. J. S., £1 ; J. B., 5s. ; Mrs. Cameron, 4s. Cd. Total, £7 lls. 6d. For No. 5 — Previously reported, £4 ; Annie Parsons, £L Total, £5. St. Bede's Chtrch-.— The name of W. E. Cave, one of the committee of the above Church, was given by an error of the printer aa W. R. Lane. Goodwoop Ward. — The nominations for the vacancy in the Goodwood Ward of Unley Munici pality will take place at noon to-day in the Unley Town HalL Norwood New Tow-' Hall. — The Governor will officially open the new Town Hail, Norwood \i noon to-day. Stanley Cricket Club.— A meeting will be held at the Kentish Aims, North Adelaide, :bi? evening. Glen Osmond Baptist Church. — Tea and public meetings in connection with the opening of the new Baptist Church at Glen Osmond will be held this evening. Rechabitism. — A free entertainment was given on Saturday evening by the Adelaide Lodge of Good Teuj'jlass at the Eecnabite Hall. Jlr. W. B. £-:-;j-hti:s occupied the chair, and there was; a fair aucudince. Adelau:: -teamship Compa-t.— A general meeting of ill--- Company will be held this afternoon at the Company's office. 