-;'RQME SSCETGIfES VENICE AT CHRISTMAS. : Venice, depending a3 it does on tho influx of visitors in Bpring and antnmn, is almost ' empty during the winter months, nnd is then . teen under a totally different aspect. Ko crowded Piazza by day, or moving throng in tho sweot subdued light and strong shadows of the full moon, when tho Dnomo and sur roundings look their best, and tho military bands play til! bed-time comes ; no going and coming on tho Grand Canal of silent gondolas with bright awnings, Tho Piazza is sunless and damp in the day, aud a solitude by night. The gon'lola3 arc laid side by side in long rows I at tlie different stations, or, if occupied, tho , hoarse-like black felzt- jealously hides from sight whoever may be inside. In November, and oven in December, the fogs are most pcr- . sistent, aud continue unbroken for two or threo days at a time. All landmarks ore blotted out, Tho elegant red brick and white marble tower of Ban Giorgio Maggiore, so prominent in OTery view of Venice, is invisible. The Campanile looms ont of . the thick damp air, deprived of half . its height. The ships in the canal oppo site to the Piazetta are faint blurred ghosts, the islands are not seen, and if you venture on tho water you find tho fog rising in curling " WreatliB, like tho steam from a boiling canldron. Tlie Piazza itself looks miserable, only wanting the smoke of London to make the atmosphere intolerable. The pretty pigeons have it nil to \- themselves, and walk about with round backs nnd ruffled feathers, regnlar mendicants, thinking thc-mselves ill UBod at not receiving their usnal dolo from rich and poor nlike. Tho pavement and bridges are so slippery that it is a matter of difficulty to keep your footing, and many unpleasant falls occur, especially on the \- bridges. Tho air is intensely still and stag- pant, everything drips with a cold moisture, and people creep along shivering, covered up to tlie oyes— tho women in their shawls, anil the men in their comfortable ample fur lined coats. There is ft remarkable absence of tide dur ing; the winter months, which renders tho canals unsightly, and gives the lagunes an un familiar aspect. The water remains at ebb for hours together. Tho sand banks are all laid bare, and the long thick waving sea grass that grows en them, and that looks bo pretty under the water ns you glide over it in a \- gondola when the ttde is high, lies limp and flat, and the banks look like verdant fields on '' which yon might walk dry footed to tho out- lying islands. Should the day be bright -and sunny the effects of color are won- dcrfnl mi the Shallows, where men and boj-u wndc ankle deep in the mud, seeking forsliell fish. Or porlraps a small boat, with fine brown ' Bote bung ubout the inasls to dry, is anchored on a silver piece of water, so" smooth end mirror like it is impossible to detect where the ' reality ends nnd the reflection begins. At othor (imcs, on the contrary, you waken to ' a wnteiy world both aboro and below. ' A dull booming noise, like an exaggerated roar heart in n shell held to tho Oar,' tciis that the stormy waves of the Adriatic are rolling-fa witli curved stretches of white surf upon Hid smooth white sands of the Lido, that iiatiirM.hreakwiitcr without which Venice would quickly bo submerged, and is beating in Wild fury- against tho long lines of strong " Mlir.izzi," or walls, v.-hich have stood trusty fenlinels for generations out in tho far .LaguiiC3 to guard the fair city from theinroads of the restless sea. The sirocco wind blows, and brings in its wake heavy rains. The rnndls and Lagnne, led by the rivers from in- . land, nitd blockaded by the storm of waters Withnut. have no- outlet, and, therefore, keup full to overflowing, fresh, green, and perfectly ; Iraiitjui!, as 'if to mock and defy tho mighty purest that is beyond that low strip of land, not 2 miles away. In tho city tho ' narrow pavements at the edge of tho canals are lint a few iuches out of the enrrb.ncbing waters, which come up to tho ' .highi-st step of marble at tho water door of the pa!.i;ce, and oozes softly into the vaulted halls, where in tlie half gloom is seen Hint which plight eaiilyhd taken by tho uninitiated for a " bier witli a paH thrown over it, bnt which is only a sTacdfnl'gonJola resting on trestles, and '/ 'itsBuinbro black and gold fel/.h suspended in ; .mid.-air, while oars and flags, nnd gear of vnrioitii description arc scattered about the floor and lean, against tlie liumid walls. It is ; not an uncommon thing at these times for tho ' piazza to be flooded, when the marbles and V . golden sheen of St. Mare's, and the arched : ; colonnades round the Piazza aro reflected in \, tho shallow water, and light gondolas shoot ovin-tlio submerged pavement. Such a scene was painted by one of our clover lady artists, and exhibited iu the academy last year. A Christmas spent abroad always brings longings, more or less, for the old country. You miss the pretty deckings of evergreens put up in the rooms wherein' the good fairies inay live unseen by mortal eye, tho blazing yule logs, the happy homo gatherings, tho li beral plenty for rich and poor alike ; the pre sents, however small, exchanged in token of a time when goodwill is to all men, the home, coming of the children from school, who fill with unrest and pleasant sonnd of fresh young voices the hitherto quiet house ; tho panto mimes, tho public balls nnd private dances, these and n score of other tilings are al most unroal, and far away as if for yon tlicy lind never been. In Arenice Christmas is kept much ns other great festivals of tho church. Tho markets nro fuller, especially tho fish market, whero is nn extraordinary display of strange looking and bright colored fish. Christinas Eve is a strict fast in the lloniiah Church. Only fish cooked in oil are allowed to be eaten, nnd there is a custom that oneo a year, on the night before tho eve, certain fishermen of Burano (the island whero the best Venetian lace is made) are permitted to fish tho waters within the walls of tho arsenal. Of these fish, sacred to mass, one half is given to the officials, from the admiral down to the humblest cmployi, tho other moiety the Bnrano men keep for themselves. Tlie fishing boats from Chioggia that usually lie by tho Eivn, tlie varied colored sails of which are Bucli an element in tho fair scene on tho broad canal, go off to their island homo for eight days, when the profits mado during tlie half year arc equally divided among tho crews, after tho owners havo taken their Bliare. In stead of boats on tho water yon have shows of different kinds on the pavement. Per forming dogs and monkeys, giants and dwarfs, women without arms and fat women, and acrobats. There is no idea of decoration in tho shops, and beyond the lovely Venetian glass and jewellery, there is not much to tempt tho purse. You go into tho Dnomo lnte on Cliristmas Eve, and find tho time-stained alabastors and dark aislcB lit np with hundreds of wax candle3 ovor 7 feot high. The massive silver lamps suspended across the ohoir have tho inner lamp3 Ml ablaze, as is also the graceful Byzan tine chandelier in the centre of the nare that glitters like a cluster of stars from dozens of tiny glass cups with wick and oil within, In the solemn and mysterious gloom you pass figures of mou and women kneeling in devotion beforo the many shrines. Some nro accompanied by well behaved and discreet dogs, who sit patiently waiting till their owner's prayer shall bo over ; whilst others less well trained, ran about from group to group to smell out their friends or growl at foes. You slowly work your way through tho throng to tho high altar. That unique rero- dos, brought from Constantinople in early times — tlie mngniflcent "Palad'Ora," an enam- ellcd work wrought on plates of gold and silver, and studded with precious stones — is un veiled, and the front of the altar has a. rich frontispiece of tlie thirteenth eentnry, which is of silver washed with gold, and embossed figures. Numbers of ponderous candlc3 throw a glimmer ovor the treasures with which St. Marc's i3 so richly endowed, that are profusely displayed on the Mtar. Bishops, canons and priosU, in full dress, are standing and kneeling, and tho handsome and much-beloved Patriarch of Venice officiates, in dress of gorgcon3 scarlet and cream-colored old laco and heavy bro caded cope, that is afterwards exchanged for one of ermine, and flashing ring3 and jewelled cross. There is no music ; but a deep quiet pervades the dim golden domes overhead and tho faintly lighted transepts. Stray rays of light catch tho smooth surface of tho mosaics, which throw off sparkles of brightness and cast deeper shadows beyond tho uncertain radiance. After tlie midnight mass is celebrated, you ' pass ont with tho stream of people into tlie cold, frosty night, with only tho bright stars to guide you through tho silent alleys to your rooms, whero you wish each other " A Merry Christmas 1" and retire to sleop, and to dream of the old homo in England. 