<Thr <ftovt',idler. THE HERMIT OF THE ROCK: A Tale of Landlordism, in Tipperary. H Y MILS. •). SAD LI I'] Li AUTHOR OK " N'KW l.lllll I’S,'1 " liLAKKS AND KLA S' A i; A N K." ■' WILLIE fir UK K.” “.HKD HAM.) KJ.KTKR.” K.T<’. (Ml A I’TEll I. IIau.uw-kyk in 1>u van's Cottauk. A raw, cn|,i ovoiiiny day of < teioher, in tin- yw; ;il'tri the aide " \ -a as 1 In- 1 wont v-nin t i, year dis!ii)r• iiv.-ly ra!!o 1 mu-1n_ |ilc of I r.■ Im11i. The itoj in from t!i«- ri’-h lev;-! ii.-i (,’asln-l ■ (!;:• |,-isf j i, itato-!n of doors, and tin* la-t lo osoiilcnt yanwn in 11 h ■ fai'iii.r' liams and liana liyroa, u iiia- i-\ slender si- mT; id' — ■his ,-m! - |th Tin* an."i' n' form r s;•i*l a YM'is-it Mlii'S i'f mod Tandy-d/. ■ was that of (ho last air IS—, a short time ■ar of lama;i"i;ial imi" tr of this oontnrv is w-d tl.o ('a'!i- >!i'• . and tli ait in' la-t load of that valuable ■ ! in for present oorismiiot fm !i■ w-idiold. Tli'- ri hi man’s ns 1- wer<\- full and -o v,Vr>4 his an tin- | m ii irast o itt iar had !i is ootato! a and turf stored away d-ion for t!ia cumin:;' winter, ity of ('asic-l — -horn of its ;r, ami dwindled d> nvn in tin time, tit ill" dimansions of a d ooimtrv town, lav dull and indisfi11at at tin- foot of tha old If-ek which sheltered it from t !e- im-re.s-dny violence of tlm wind that cam - sweepiny from the north over the far-s|iread iny plain. ml tie- Rock itself loomed in Military ynmdeiir over the silent town, crowm d with I he -oleum manmnI oes of departed e'lnry, tie- ruin- of nianv a stately ediliae of other davs. wlm-;.. shattered walls wen- traced, in. broken and irreyuler lines ayain-t tie- yrev lowering -Uv. The piles of masonrv so varied and di-iinet. one from the other, in the linlit ot' dav, wen- im-ryed in one dark -olid in;;s- a< tie- evening mist yafliered thick arid Iwavy around them on their roeky perch. J’n! -til! like,a spectra! liead rose over all tlw weird pillar tower, lone ,l chronicle n; Time" keepme- ward ever, throue'h the yarish day, ami the still niyht watehes. over the 1 ii I ri ed dead who sleep around and the ruins of ancient ait. “ Tlw pnead hulls of the miylify and the calm lioae-s of t i,e just. " 'J)n liuli.s in the oil \\- oania out one hy one, twiukliny like -tars thronyii the yatheriny ylooni. So. too. in the yr-mp of mud cabins that rower immediate' '■ beneath the yreat lioek, in un-iyliil v la.mra-t witli the mmilder iuy nionuiiient- of human grandeur boveriny above. V. icli in .-ueei- ssion yave its faint ylimuiarnia Iiyht to t <■ dull wintry eve, but slid (he K K'k iviaamol -1 il'oiid ed in d’ll k Mess ; the roval pahc" of Mur;-bus kiriy- and the lordly dwelling win-re piimalv ecele.-iasfies ruled of old are yravi tlaU c(U,t;; nor Iiyht jut -oh oient abbey, tha wrapped III fie: - I vnili 'I lo- ilia d am d -i hn I now as the the a - he- of 1 1 lei r I o rd s ; eo]11e ihniii from tip- ,an staud- elo-e by. all alike ion 111 v -t i ry of tin- 1 ’ast. je limy ylo. in <d tii" , our f i i 11 that, i" i e us lor ever '.v h Hi tie Tin ■ hoi tin f’l l -ill a : I | b 111 of f he K mot ion. a apartur". tlw lie lit (hroue-h ! aide hut. dniy-ei Step hew UP tie dl-ai !' nv H i;.'n tli the aal d n ith ■ {u i a ,k, i -a ye r II llil/lit be seen 111 the '"lira dimly ivvwale ! hv a,indie, which flickered ! moo :s re of tlw miser the -kilt of 1st 1 d 11 a ha: head, -he made ells iedd. I I: Ui -topped .1- if mi - u flan in | pul-e. Sue I, Ichl 111 \ i -, l s look at at tl.e ir a; be |e;,diny to t• ruin , miitterin i oh i; I pu.Te nielli I'm o- i. f all plaoc- in i 111 aolao o) him so. >]:■■ As -h" - ; IliUl. a S': - 1 float, tie o. ' " r I . I - 11 h a i moldy " I nd hern \ a;\i of lie over lu-r v it i t. utter lean n 1 dr A ale he listened, ami t to t fa a smile of strange meaning, half sorrow, half mockery, wreathed her thin pale lip, and shone in her (.lulled eyes. “ A.y ! sure, it’s IJol’eve night !” she mut tered, ‘‘ an’ the fun is beginning’ already ! d’he hoys an’ the girls are abroad in the streets playin’ their llol’eve tricks. They’re pullin’ their cabbage-stalks now in the dark, to sec whether their sweet.hea.rts ’ill be crooked or straight ; an’ they’re standin’ outside the doors wid their mouths full of water listenin' for the first name that's spoken within. An’ some of the gilds are washing’ their shifts' I'll go i ire;e i is hail, at the it's them will rest o' the lion coins in to eat it. an' t dryin’ by the f; they 1 liink of store foi ; aith'-r. wleni 1 thrick / caved riinnin’ water below ; ai the line supper when t b ill asleep, to see t urn tie- shift I e. Yo ! vo ! vo ! it throitbles that may ‘s little / thought o ike them ! An’ mat Will) it s little be in them. ih wasn t ptll'ties it V—o // ■it was 1—-didn't 1—oh, wirra ! ways tiie straighto-t and it was—but what came of h, Lord ! what came of it V ’’ forget t in. g apparently her interest in the hock, whatever it might be at that Lour, she' wrung her hands, and bursting into a pas sionate tlood of tears, retreated into her dis mal dwelling, and hastily closed the door, still repeating to herself in the same wild way, " \\\ bat came of it all ? what came of it all V Ah ! ” she suddenly added with a startled glaru-e around the smoky hut, “ what better could come of it, didn’t I rake the haystack in the 1 )er/l't name the very last llol'cvo before — before—" she did not finish the sentence, but si|iiatting down by the smouldering lire on the hearth, she clasped her hands in trout of her knees, and her head sank on lwr chest in an attitude of helpless, hopeless, incurable Tin? wo, lan was first, aroused from her lethargy by the raising of the door- lateli, and then she started up with the energy a lid viva city of youth to accost an old man. much older than herself, appeared to he, in of years. a! though she, too. was, lose proximity to the v ah •• Wisha, Iowan <' sort of a man are yi of stayin' up there stars are in the : ’ said sh", ‘‘ what that you'd think ■ dead aftbiT the Ilol'eve night'.-' m, at. all among tin ky of a There isn’t man or woman in Tipperary that ’id do it except vnur four bones!" Idxi i11■< 1 as she was, she did not forget the old man’s comfort, such as it was. She was down on the hearth, blowing the turf lire with le-r apron, and seeing it begin to emit a cheerful blaze, she drew over to tic hetrtli a small and very rickety table, barely large enough for two mips and saucers. I w , > plates, a t bird cup containing 'some coarse brown ,11. a diminutive and a plat. in triangmar ; small circular carefully but milk pilcher n i in a-, the con I ai n ii ig a t cm nluig I e o 111 e pot It o cake, cut •mg tic four parts of a cli piece slit in two mid A small white lo.at. a itm- ilcn Pood Tii i ad w tdlim ,‘ie lug supp nan's dint o\ w t old I’ c Ilia hand dolil th a1 so on the table. of 1 hallow-eve. brightened as he or tea and while ecu in t hat poor m a h r it d t win.-ii not so, ;I it in . nol,me lt I en the abri 11 it ! his repe and -anil", sa h < ’an ! h, or Cod: i l, for tli sharper hue it her wit ii a on think r Ic rai.cd it I am led. a v n. pn but pan to bead. be to but 1 know ; tic tlmn lip pointin':' u ai think t icm v! 11 lias j 11 ’ \ V e i pw tin t h win' th .1 ( ■Inn s W pel e SI -I t rump -t I'm 11 nukin' b to t h e t.l - l! Wo| it tlc\ there': I keep I with In-; e a bnrn 1 next or 1 graves a!' ha;" a faint them ■ lints lie lid. till ■rib " ( heist save u - . evil the little black said l 'ai ■rockcrv te ith. a-p ■ 11 i n i >n tin with a haste that near upsettun all, “ Christ save us !” anil she crossed her self with a visible shudder, can’t; yon let the .sperits alone ?” “ What harm am 1 doin’ them, aroon ?’ asked Bryan innocently. “ Who says you’re doin’ them harm ?” cried Cautli tartly. “ But don’t be talkin’ about them ! you’re enough to frighten one out o’ their wits, so you are ! Bit over now and take your supper.” *• 1 will, avourneen, an’ tlod bless you ! but what makes you so feared of the sperits, Cautli ? Did you oversee one?” 1‘ See one!” and Cautli shuddered again. If I did it isn’t alive I'd be now. Can’t you talk of something- else, you conthrary mild man, you V” “ What will 1 talk of, tIii'ii ?” said Bryan, with a sort of solemn humour that contrasted oddly with the churchyard gravity of his look and manner. What will I. talk of, Cautli ?” u I was askin’ awhile ugone what kept you so late on the Bock the night ?” Although Cautli said this it was evidently more to change the topic, than from any interest in the prohahle answer. Iler eyes were, fixed gloomily and vacantly on the blazing turf before her, and her thin lips kept moving' as though she were communing- with herself. But Bryan was never the ipuckest of per ception, so he heeded not the other’s abstraction, but answered in good faith : “ I was workin’ ever since I went up this mornin’ at the Archbishop's tomb in the choir above. There was some lilts of the beautiful carving gone olf the front of it this time back, an’, as luck would have B, 1 found some of them among the rubbish. Sn I was liftin’ them in here an’there, aid-■” " Aid you're a great fool for your pains.” broke in Cautli, starling- suidenly from her reverie with the air of one who would fain get rid of lierown thoughts ; ‘-now what good does it do for you to be spendith your time up there from mornin’ till night, aid some times from night till mornin’, in that fear some on Id rookery where there’s nothing hut stones and bones and grey walls?'’ Woman !’’ said Bryan, with a sujden assumption of dignity and a solemnity of tone that awed Cautli into w ondering silence, " woman ! what’s that you say ? Who arc you that dares to speak so lightly of Cod’s holy place, an ’ the consecrated walls—aid the hones that will come together aid rise in glory at the Pay of .liilgment?—why wouldn't I look after them, for if I don’t who will ?” •• Well you said it Bryan Cullenan !” mur mured Cautli, her head drooping on her chest, and her hands clasped convuIsively as they rested on her knees ; “ well you said it — who am l?—av! wlm am 1 ? There’s times when I hardly know myself.” It might he that the old man was accus tomed to these (its of abstract ion and changes of manner in the one companion of Ids soli fare life, for ho answered soothingly, as though lie. spoke to a little wayward child: “Well, never mind, Cautli'? never mini] — I'm so much id' my time ail alone on the Bock above with only shadows round about me that I most forget how (•> speak (o flesh and Mood like myself. But why don’t you fake your supper, ('.until ?" “ I'm not hungry,” was the curt reply. “ But vou know it's lloiVve night, Cauth ! an' you can't but eat something, if it was only for company sake, an’ in honour o| Ike night. Why, the Fairies you were talking of a while “ No, I wa .'id talkin' whisht new. Bryan ! or y trouble this blessed nil ionic and fair may ih Wouldn't make so Iree name good or had. eouldn’t do it, Bryan, I < too full thinkin' of ih come back, an' -;uf •" out her hand, and (akin stood untasted mi the li with feverish avidity, li lids Very close together, teals that were gatherin started to her feet exelaii “ Well ! there now, li memory ol my ow n f h bet ter than lay for you, 1 lining to a little aleov hut, Cautli drew out, w impi a taure, a black but 11 mi the table, with a drear saving at the same lime, ‘ of ihrm -will you oil'll get yourself into ghi. Fair may they ey go ! sure myself as to mention their lint as for cafirr— I a»u 1,111*t my heart is e da\s that'll never she slopped, reached g tin- mm of (ea that due, gulped it down 11 pie-' s i 11 g her eve die. forced lock the ;■ 111 Iler e\ e ;, and img : a\ eii'l 1 the poor are, |'\ e something ry an ! ” e m a corner of the ltd an air of great e, w hich she placed v at tempt at a smile, ‘ 11 your'e done with them things, Bryan, I’ll take them away.” Bryan nodded assent, witli his eyes fixed inquisitively on the bottle. “What’s in it, Cauth?” lie at length in quired. “ Sonfe of the best potheen in Tipperary, Bryan, an’ you’re to drink the master’s health in it this good Hol’eve night. Them’s the orders. An’ see here Bryan!”—taking a small paper puekage from the cupboard —“here’s lump sugar, no less, for the young mistress said, with a sweet smile on her face that old Bryan—moaning you, av course — must have his punch the night as good as the master himself. The horn’s blessin’ on her every day she rises ! ” “ Wislia, amen, Cauth, amen, from my heart out ! ” said the old man, with a fervour little to tie expected from him, a gleam of joy brightening his aged eyes at the thought that poor and old and lonely as he was there was one amongst the rich and the young and the happy that did not forget him amid all the luxurious festivity of her own stately mansion. Oh ! how glad the rich can make the poor! “ Was she here the day, Cauth V’ said Bryan, more cheerfully than his wont. “ No, hut she sent Ini me this nmrnin’ an’ gave me as much tav and sugar as ’ill do us everyday for a month, and 111 i bottle for you, Brvan, on account of its bein' the niglit it is. an’ the lump sugar to sweeten the punch. Au'see hen''-maybe you don’t call tln'/n Iloi’rve apples ? ” as she drew forth a tiny basket of the finest Kussetins —or, as she called them, “rusty coats,” time out of mind the favourite Hallow-eve apple in Ireland. “ Isn’t Cod good to us, Cauth?” said the old man, drawing his stool once more to the tire, with the. cup of punch in his hand (Bryan’s cottage contained not glass ru>r gol> leth and Cauth opposite with another cup containing a small quantity of the same exhil arating beverage- it was seldom either indulged, or can'd to indulge, in the danger ous luxury for which mankind is indebted to John Barleycorn. “ Isn’t Cod good to us. Cauth, to send us such a friend as the young mistress ? an’ see wha. a fine load of turf we have by us enough to put us over Christmas anyl\ow. It’s Can O’Connell we may thank for that, an’ a trifle I’ve By me ever since for a sore foot. Ah, then, did I ever tell you, Cauth, if the dav I showed him over the Book ?’’ Cauth answered in the negative, expressing a wish at the same time to hear all about it : turning to a pile of turf in the corner behind lenislied the lire, and with a well snm sw( pt up tin- ashes from her, she re) worn heather I the heart li. “ You mini nodded assent 1 he day, Cauth ?" — Cun t h it Was one of the brightest and purties! days that came in Sept cm her, and I was hard at work scrapin’ the moss out of tin' letters on King ( ’onnae’s tomb you know where it is, Cauth, just in between the wall of his own Chapel, Cod rest his soul! an’ the Cathedral--well, I wasworkiu' away as hard as I could, saying a tritle of prayers too, for the good king’s soul, llmugh thinkin’ to myself that it h little need lm had of them, when somebody says | 11 illo, Bryan ! you're at 1 sec ! ’ an’ I started chisel out of my hand, should I most like behind m< trade, still, dropped the turned about -< "'glit l our old When I hut the ( 'ollll M-lIor himself, iw large as life, looking down nt myself with that comical look of his that would make the dead in their graves laugh if they could only sec it. He had two gentle men with him, an’ I knew in a niinnit that •le. f. I K’-C I tak him ut IH an my off my hat , an’ says I, 'oimsellor !’ one of them was Tom Sti with him once afore. Si . rib as fast as I could, ar »n’ makes the best how I was ah ■ you're welcome hack to < 'aslicl, “ ‘ Thank you kindly, Bryan, f-ee you haven’t, forgotten me.' ‘ Forgotten you,’ says 1 hack again, ‘sure that's what no one ever does that once gets an eyeful out of you. With that the Counsellor laughed again, and the other gentlemen laughed too, an’ says Dan to me : ‘ Well, Bryan, for a man that’s ho mueh alone you keep the use of your tongue to admiration But rorne. ran v.ai sp ue time to show us through the place ? \ on know when l was 1 ii'i'c hefi>ri' I hadu t time tn see hidf what was to he seen it was when I came down to one of those murder trials m t lonmel, says lie to the strange gentlemen, ‘ and I was hurrying hark at full spaed for a general meet mg of the Association that was to come off next evt ning,’ hut what’s the matter with you Cauth?” seeing that she laid down the iup and leaned bark against the wall. “ There’s nothing the matter with me,” said Cautli testily, though her pale lips could scarce articulate the words. The next moment she sat tin as before, and motioned for Bryan to go on with his narrative. Well, T will Cautli, I will — hut — hut I’m afeard you’re not able to sit up—you look as pale as a ghost.” “ han't you go on with your story tin’ never mind me ? Von were saying the* Counsellor asked if' you could spare time to take them through the ould place.” “ Vis, an’ of course 1 said I'd he. hard run for time if ! couldn’t take him over the Bock. 1 .J/// work, says 1. can stand—there s no one to hurry me, an’ I’ve my life-long to do it.’ “ ‘ Wry true, Bryan,’ says the Counsellor, as we turned into the mild Cathedral. ‘ I )o you know, Steele.’ sags lit* to Tom, ‘ that this is our Irish ( >ld Mortality—'et me se<—was that the word--vis. that was it — (>ld .Mortality — this,’ savs he. nodding his head at myself, ‘ this is our Irish < >Id Mortality.’ \\\ ith that the gentlemen looked at me, and smiled at one another, an’ though I didn’t know from Adam what < >ld Mortality meant, I thought, it couldn’t he anything had, or he wouldn’t say it, so I took olf my hat again an’ made a very low how — ‘ Vour honour,’ says I, ‘ is verv kind an’ condescendin’ to speak so well of a poor ould creature like me.’ “ • Not at all. Bryan, not at all,’ says he, ‘ you’re a great man, and a useful man in your own wav,and, moreover, you and I, are to some extent, fellow-labourers.’ Them were his very words, Cautli, as I am a livin’ man this night. "‘Why, dear bless me, how can that he V ’ says I, lookin' at him close to see, if he was makin’ fun of me or not' " • Because,' says lie, ' Bryan, you and I are hoth working for Ihe future of our country — we are both (deal ing away the rubbish of ages — both working for 1 lie honour and glory of the l >1 d Band ! ' ” “ Wisliu, Bryan, did the Counsellor say that? ” “As true as you’re sitting there, Cautli ! he said them words, an’ don’t you think hut it made my heart jump with joy? I derlarc the tears came into my eyes solicit. I could hardly see the way before me, an’ I most, 1 ergot what I was about till the Counsellor says with that tine hearty laugh of hi--, 1 Why, Bryan Cullenan! where are your wits gone / I think I must till'll guide mvselt. \\\ here s this Myler Me< f rat h’s tom 11 is ? ’ An’ lie wuI k ed st raiglit to it, an’ began to explain tic inscription on it to tie' oilier gentlemen. 1 had no need to speak a word there, for they all knew more about the Archbishop than I did mysell. But II icy wanted to take a rise out o( mi I could see that-- an’ so I’mii Steele says to me, ill Ins big \mire, ‘ Bryan,’ says lie. ‘do you know that Myler MeCrath was the tir-t. Brotestant Arehbishop of (’aslud ? ■ 1 do, your honour,’ says I ; ' 1 knew it eyer since I wastin' height ot your knee.’ llow does it happen then, that you take such good care of lus tomb as I am told you do ? ’ “■ Fiir a very good reason, your honour,' rays ], looking Inm straight m the lace, * because lie I'eranP'd his errors hrfoir lie left this world, all’ had all the rites of the < 'liureli.' “'Nonsense, man ! low can you he sure of that ? " • How can I he sure of it ?’ says 1,'your honour might as well ask Imw can I he sure that the blessed sun will go hack the night to Sid where lie set last night, behind the moun tains west ward ? <>nly Bin sure, an' double sure, that the Archbishop died a good Catho lic, do you think I'd sleep many's the summer night, as I do every year of my life, right here in the cC dr beside his tomb ?' “‘Bravo. Bryan, hiavo!’ cried the I'mm sellor and the other gentlemen, clanpirf their hands, and laughin' till you'd think tlieyd split their sides. ‘ What do y,ui think of that, friend Turn ? (’nine, come, now ! look Bryan straight in the face an' tell him old Myler did right to conform to the religion prescribed by the Virgin Chneii, or wrong to return to Catholic unity when lie felt himselt at tin gates of death? Speak, now, my man of steel ! or ever hereafter lml,| your tongue !' “ ‘ Pshaw !’ says Tom, turnin' nil his heel mi’ walkin’ aw ay down the aisle. ‘ let the old livpocrite lie where lie is - lie that where it may! It matters little now to in wln-ii he was right, or when wrong !’ At, tins (lie others laughed again, an myself was afeard they'd make him angry, hut they knew him better than I did, for when the Counsellor called aftm him to come back an’ look at one of the old monuments in tin? wall before they’d leave the choir, he went back as cheer ful as could be, an’ looked just the same as if nothing at all had happened. So I took them all round an’ showed them everything 1 could think of, an’ by the time we got. to the old tribute-stone near the gate, with St. Patrick risin’ up from it on one side, an’ the Cruci fixion on the other, they were all purty well tired, I’m thinkin’, and down they sat on some big stones that were lyin’ a one side on the grass, just where they had a line view of the, whole, an’ a beautiful sight it was, too. The sun was begining to decline, westward, an’ the shadows of the grand mild walls were all around us, with here and there the shape of a window or a door of clear sunlight shinin’ like vallow goold on the green grass. Then the ('otinsellor pointed out to the otheis all the line elegant arches, both round and pointed, as he said, an’ the pillars within an’ without, an’the beautiful mullious, as he called the stone divisions where the windows used to he, an’ he spoke, of the carving over the doors, an’ told the meaning of everything just all as one, Cauth, as il he was at the luiildin’ of it all—an’ they talked a long while about the mild Mound ’Power, an’ w hat it was for. an’ one said one thing an’one another, hut the Counsellor said it was easy to see what it was built for, an' that was to keep the rich vessels of silver an’ goold belongin' to the Church in the mild war-times. ‘ Pmi't you know,’ says 'e, ‘that there’s an nndergiouml passage from the Church to the tower — well ! doesn't that prove what I’m saying to he true ? Where would lie the use of constructing an underground pas age’—that wasn’t the word Ac said, Chititli, lait I disretnember the other—-1 know it began with sub---something or another—no matter, anyhow, I suppose it means the same as underground whore would he. the use,’ says lie, ' of constructing an underground passage to the Tower through the solid rock, ii' it wasn’t for the purpose I have mentioned ?’ The others seemed to give in to that, an' after discoursin’ a while longer, they stood up to go. They turned to take another look at the mild walls, an’ sure enough I never seen them lookin’ so grand or so beautiful. The Counsellor's face would do you good to see it, Cauth ! as he watched the sunshine dancing and glancing hither and thither among the broken arches, an the pillars, an’ things, an' savs lie then, takiu’ out a line elegant white silk hamikendie t out of his pocket, an’ wipin’ the tears from his ryes, savs he, as if partly to himself. ‘ and such is Ireland —grand and venerable even in decay ■—Cashel is Ireland-—Ireland is ('ashel - ioyal still, (hough their greatness he of the past. Put their glory shall not fade forevir — look at the sunbeams on the old walls,’ says he, turnin’ to the other gentlemen, ‘well! even so it is with our native land, the light of hope lias never left her, and now the sun of pros perity begins to shine again on her mountain tops. And il w ill continue to shine mark mv words — when the darkness of night has settled down for ever on haughty Pngland, her oppiessor !’ Them weie the worls he said. Cauth! for I kept savin’ them over and over to mvstdf. by night an’ by day, ever since, till I’ve got them by heart lik*> a gossoon lamin’ his task. There's ne’er a tune I lock up at the mild walls over my head, e spa v e i a 11 v when the >im is shinin’, that 1 don’t think of Pan < tVoime'd, an’ somehow or another his words keep siegin' in my ears for all the world like one nl ( olumkill s pro phecies. Put the best of it all was what he said to myself at his ofh-goin : ‘ Pryan.’ savs he, • Pi van ('ulleuan! you have a great naim — vmir namesake. King < 'ormae Cnlle mm. was a good king and a great bishop in bis dav - I’m proud to see that you take such care of these noble, ruins. It is a good work, Pryan, and a pious work too -and Pod will bless _\ on for it. and the Saints uf Klin will shield you fimu all ill. Farewell, Pryan ! if we never meet again on earth, put up a prayer now and then for Pali O'Connell, wliile ymi tell vmir heads here, among the tombs ol the hop (lead. W ith that he slips a bright goold guinea into mv hand, to b iv my winter's turf, lie said, in a whisper. The "(her gentlemen gave me a hall crown a piece, so I made a good day * work of it in regard to money- hut I didn I <aie for that, halt so much as I did for the Imnoiir of show m Cashel to ( ounseUor O'Connell, and bearin' all the tine henutiful wards he said about the mild place that my heart is centred m. I forgot to tell you, Cauth, that he took another grand rise mil of Mr. Merle as they were just leavin' the Bock. I didn’t know till then that he was a Prodestan, which, indeed, is a mighty odd thing to mo, an’ him such adarlin’ fine gentle man, and a great friend of the people. “ ‘ Toni.’ says the Counsellor—it’s the mem ber for Clare, I hear, they call him now— ‘ Tom,’ says he pointin’ his linger down at the great now Church—-the Bishops Church—in the town helow—‘ Tom, do von know how that came to be built ?’ ‘ No,’ says Tom, ‘ I do not.’ * Well !’ says the Counsellor, winkin’ at the other gentleman—I never can remem ber what name they gave him—‘ it was built because the road up to the Bock here was too •steep lor the Protestant Archbishop Agar to drive Ins carriage up, and 1 suppose himself was loo tat to walk it, though it is only a few perches, as you may perceive. So he goes to work and puts up that grand building below then', or got the government to put it up for him. 1 In' rniil was taken otf this Cathedral on the lea k to make lead water-pipes out of. or something o| the kind, and from that dav to this it has boon going to ruin. See what it is Jo h" fat, ’IVim 1—Archbishop Agar’s fat oust tins noh]o old building its roof.’ Mr. Steele got very red in the face at that, ‘and,’ says he. ‘if 1 had my will of that old chap, do you know what I’d do with him ? I’d put him on bread and water the rest of his dav*, by way ot ponnnof, then he’d soon he able to walk up here, and a little further, too. if need w ere—the old \ niidal !’ says lie, niiglitv angry, and at that the. others jaughed till the tears came into their eyes.” Here l 'inth started to her feel, and looked wildly around, putting hack her long grey hair from otf her ears to listen. JIa! ha!”’ siie cried. "1 hear them now--that's .1 ohn's void-” A hat John V who do ram ncan V" said Bryan, ” 1 hear nothing, hairin' the wind screeching round the mild uadis mi the Bock above. Sit do u u, t. ’an th. sit i h > w n,—* >r inn vbe yon might to go to lied. I in at’eared you re lint Weil." "Hon't tell mt\" said Cauth. with a vehe ment gesture; ■ • if that isn't the 1 never heat d it. 1 say it's that and nothin' else—and there's men's voices in it, too! < >h Lord! will I leai it for ever- --for ever?" She hurled 11 ■ r f ice in la r hands, and was silent. Accustomed a - Bryan was to t lie solit tide of death, and tie- grim presence of dread mortality, in its leiie-, there was something in Cauth s \oioe and manner that made him shiver w ith an undefined sense of fear. Jle did not dare to rouse her from her lethargy, of whatever kind it was, hut as soon as she raised her head again, he renewed his replies! that she would go to hod. which she did verv soon after, without any allusion to what had passed. ( I o |:i; ( a iNT I MI It 11. ) 