AMUSEMENTS. . . THE DRAMA. &C.; : Prior to tho termination of her dramatic season .it the Opera House, which closed on Friday, tho 6th instant, Miss Pomeroy afforded her patrons an opportunity of wit- nessing her fancy sketch of a female Hamlet. Except on tho score of vanity it is diffi cult to divine what motive can in fluence a lady of any standing in her profession to essay tho role of tho Prince of Denmark. Such an impersonation does violence to every rule of both nature and art. However elaborate and finished as a psycho logical study, such a performance cannot pos sibly approach even tho very outer verge of realism. It cannot reach boyond the essentially feminine. In a mental, no less than a physical sense it cannot fail of proving disillusionising. The soul, the living fire, the transcendent intellectuality, the philo sophic introspection, the charm of mingled romance, poetry, love, tenderness, mys tery and crime are lost: in the feeble and fantastic vaporings of a woman. It ia not even the Prince unsexed which would be tolerable; it is merely the noble Dane in female guise. In the matter of physique the attempt was not more felicitous. 'In order to overcome the peculiarities of the lady's figure it was necessary to have resort to a liberal supply of padding, by means of a short loose cloak well puffed to give squareness to the shoulders, and to con ceal the gentle undulations from the soft bosom to the tender waist, and the 'bold but graceful sweep of the lines descending to the dainty tapering feet, encased in " ducky" boots, whose dimensions rivalled those' of Cinderella's fabled slippers. By the aid of swathes an appearance of rotundity was pro duced, which, viewed at a certain angle, 'im- parted an idea of malformation as comic as 'that seen in the 'silhouette figures which occasion ally illustrate the pages of London Punch. In many points, however, Miss Pomeroy excelled. The business was carefully thought out, tHe textual rendering very accurate, the lines well accentuated and the modulations of the voice all that could be wished. There was a slight tendency to sculpturesque repose and a mannerism in pressing her left hand upon her head, thereby displaying the diamond rings with which her fingers wero plentifully .encrusted. Everything was done to produce effect— upon the gallery. When she enters in tho first act, she walks from the back of the -stage half-way to... the' footlights, and with a sweet, ponting face awaits the King's expected salutation. . In the scene with' -the Ghost upon the ramparts there is some very good acting, but in the soliloquies, es- pecially in To be or not to be," there was much of parrot-like fluency. Like some of the best actors she remains seated while repealing the first.portipn of the soliloquy, but not in an attitude;! of thoughtfulness. She repeated "What a' noble work is a man" (by the-by, she omitted the indefinite article) very credit- ably. Tho- scene of tho play was a trifle hysterical, and tho interview with the Queen, admittedly , most difficult of execution, was marred, by, the scream uttered as the ghost disap- pcnrs. While Miss Pomeroy deserves to be complimented in many particulars for .her Hamlet, ' we cannot but deprecate her -undertaking -so arduous and unsuitable' a: part. ' There- have ' been few great im- personators of the character in any coun- try, or during any period, since Shaks- peare wrote,- and it is simply travestying the noble Dane to find it attempted by a lady' even of Miss Pomeroy's ability and handsome prosence.. Her best friends have been stinted in their commendations, and her adulatory admirers' have been forced to confess that her 'performance was of that nature— the less said about it the better. \- Under tho bbnign" auspices of Messrs. Wil- liamsori,- Musgrovo and "Garner "the 'Royal seems destined' to becomo the homo of what may bo called the' hypcr-senBatlohal drama. Of ! thfa class is par excellence Pluck, or £50,000; by Messrs, Pettitt and Harris. -It fa a concatenation of crimes perpetrated by vulgar .villains of the worst type, with a slight admixture of decent people, who act as a foil to , the atrocious characters who aro supposed to represent society of tho present day. Tho plot, though intricate, shows an abject poverty of invention, and tho literary portion fa simply beneath contempt. John Tompleton is a banker, who has one fair daughter named Florence. His manager is Stephen Clinton, a suitor for tho hand of tho young lady, bat ho has a rival in one Jack Springfield, tho adopted son of nn old money lender. Clinton is tho villain, and Jack tho good young man. A drunken loafer named Petor ICcen appears upon the scene in search of some ono who has seduced his sister, and upon thfa topic ho makes a very pathetic appeal to the principal characters. There also drops in a Mr. Maitland, who, being down in his luck, determines to emi grate, leaving his wifo and child behind until such time as lie can conveniently send for them. Jack Springfield undertakes their guardian ship in the absencti of his friend. His rela- tions with the lady rouso tho suspicions of hli father, who insists that he shall not havo any. thing further to say to tho lady and her off, spring. Jack fa reealeitrant, tho old man so. vere. The latter concludes that his Bonis tho seducer 'alluded to, and ho accordingly d|8ln. heritshim nnd expels him from his home. This is not the worst of Jack's misfortune, far Florence, who had nccoptod him, gives him up, and consents to marry Clinton. Clinton's object in making Florence his wife is to obtain possession of a legacy of £50,000 to which tho lady fa entitled, provided that tho money Iq not claimod by a certain Mary Musgrovo at twolvo o'clock on a particular day. This Mary Musgrovo fa tho lady that Jack has taken nnder his protection. Clinton, who knows her identity nnd her claim, makes up liis mind to destroy her, and for this pnrposo engages Keen, tho loafor, to wreck the train by which alio was to proceed to London. In the meantime Clinton and Florence aro marriod, but during tho wedding breakfast a dotcctivo enters and arrests the bridegroom for forgery, and with his prisoner takes tho train for London, whichisupsct as per arrangement. BothClinton and Mary Musgrovo, however, escape. Tho former returns Becretly to tho bank and murders his father-in-law. On going to ransack the safe he finds his pal, Keen, se creted there, when they renew acquaintance, Clinton is still on the track' of Mary Mua. grove, and determines upon setting fire to her house, hoping thereby to rid himself of both the lady nnd old Keen, who slept on her pre mises. The inmates, however, escape, Clin ton, thinking the coast clear, takes the neces- snry stops to secure tho £50,000, but to his disgnBtand disappointment Mary Musgrovo turns up at the prcciso hour to claim her legacy. Old Keen appears also, and shoots' Clinton, thus, while sacrificing himself, en abling Jack Springfield, to marry the interest ing widow. Tlio scenery is very elaborato, bat wholly out of'keeping with such a farrago of nonsense. Wo shall reserve our comments on this precious production for. our next issue. Mi'. Bignold has been playing tho Lights o' London at the Opera House daring the week. The Crushed Tragedian, .with Mr. Wybcit Reevc.in the title rfifc, has : kept the stage at thf Bijou to good houses during the week. . Thc Fcdcral Minstrels at the Victoria Hall, Bpurke-stroot,, are maintaining their popu larity. s -i, A. correspondent writo3 ;— Geeiong has re cently been provided, through the enterpiiso of Mr. Jackson, with sin extremely pretty and commodious theatre. ' The building was originally erected for the Juvenile Exhibition, but a Bkort time sinco it passed Into the hands of Mr. Jackson, who has transformed it into a theatre, very much on the same plan as the .Melbourno ones. Its acoustic properties are excellent, it is well lighted! and ventilated, and special attention lias been givon to having plenty of fire escapes. There is only one circle, it being a horseshoe shape, and having four handsome prirato boxes at tho back; directly opposite tho stage, . Connected with these and the dress circle are ladies and gentle men's cloak rooms, and a smoking ' room far the use of the ' male occupants of tho boxes; : Tho - building fa also well "provided with re freshment bars, and tho whole place, fa . most elaborately painted and ornamented. . The stage is 'spacious, and fa generally well fitted for the representation of almost any play. At the public entrance is a large vestibule, also beautifully fitted np. The theatre will seat 1200 persons comfortably.; The season of open bouffe, which closed on - Saturday last, proved fairly successful. " - , . " i! 