ALL SOULS' DAY IN VENICE. (From, the Pall Mall Gazette.) x The Italians keep their Lemurin, or festival for. the dead, not in May as their Roman ancestors did, but in November, All-Souls' Day, and its octave sire more generally observed than any othor of their minor holy (lays in the Roman calendar. No festival -could so unit.o all classes of people as this, on which each fam.il y pays the tribute of memory to tis h.»t ones, aud' acknowledges tlie power -ot tliat great democrat- — Death. Every day throughout tho octave the churches of 'Venice' have-a mass said for tho souls of those who are gone, and implore for them tho intercession of All Saints, whose festival comes imiiie -diately before the day of the death In the evening another service is held, a little after sundown. There is a sermon, and then begins the lighting of candles all through, the church, beforo each altar and around the catafalque in the centre. Outside over the main door of the church, is a largo : black board, and, in vvhite letters, an invitation to till good Christians to pray for the souls' of tho departed. Round this . 1 table hangs . a wreath of laurel leaves twined on a black ;and white ? ribbon. , Eeach other door ' of tho church has .a similar garland above it. The stiii is setting in a cold and cloudless sky, serene and almost hard. In the zenith the colour is almost deep blue, but toward ?the west a tiiiu film of gold is spread whore the sun is sinking. The wind comes fine and searching, as it so often does on an autumn sunset. The broad and .rippled ? waters 'of the. Giu'leccti Canal seem as hard as the sl-:y they reflect.' Inside the church through the iron door where the women troop, -pulling their shawls up over their heads as they enter, all is 'dark and gloomy, every column, pilaster, : and architrave drapes in black cloth with silver fringes, aud wreaths of laurel are twined round each pillar's base. The high altar is hidden by. a towering ceuotaph, raised in the middle of the nave ; against its black ness tho thin -white stripes of the tapers that- surround it stand out clear. Tlie people, 'chiefly women and boys, scuffle -Hid whisper subduodly as they kneel in rows. Tho black walled,.' blai'k-roofod church seems to enclose and compress them as if in. some vast1 and lugubrious tomb, and their muttering.? sound like the gibbering of ghosts. The sermon begins ; a voice alone, full of inflection, jiassion, forcible cadences, speaking out of the darkness. Though tho preacher is invisible, the mind unconsci ously and perforce pictures the action that must acconipauy this strong Italian rhe toric. . On All Souls' Day it h the custom to visit the graves of relations and friends in that grim ceniotrey of San. Michcle, or Torcollo. The church itself is a lowly specimen of.Lommardi work, with delicate bas-reliefs in Istrian stone upon the littlo pen tagohal Cappella Emtliiu'ia adjoining it. But tliore is something tei ri bit) aud sinister itself, where tlio dead lie buried in the ooze of the lagoon island. On this day the VeubtiaiiH carry . wreaths to lay ? on ? the graves. The welthier havo garlands made of real flowers ; but, for ? tho most, part, these .wreaths aro entwined out of Venetian beads— red aud blue Madonna's Co'uurs, for the women; or black anii white lor the 'men, who have no universal- patrons hi the heaveiis. There; is one old custom con nected with this festival of the dead which still survives in Venice, and - recalls . a Latin; or oven an earlier superstition. Tlie pious man in'- Ovid's ' Fasti''; rises at mid night to fling back beans behind his shoulder., JSIme times lie Hung his beans and then the ghost was laid. The .Venetian-, does, not fling away his beans; he eats 'tiioni. In Venice this custom of eating, beans through the octave; of All Souls' is extremely ancioub. , The monks of every cloister in the city used to tiiake a gratuit , ous distribution of beans on All Souls' Day to any of the poor who choose to. dome for .theui.-- A hugO- ctildron was placed in the middle of the courtyard, and tho food landed out tb the crowd. The gondoliers did not come with the rest, but had their portion scut down to them at their ferries.; This grace vvas granted them in cousidera ation of the tact that all the year round .they rowed the brothers across the can tils for nothing. Indeed they still do so ; and you may often see a brown- cowled friar crossing a ferry with no other payment than a -pinch of sntiff or a benediction. ; As the Veneiians , 'grew more wealthy; true beans became distasteful .to the palates ot, the luxurious; who were yet 'unwi'lirig to break through the custom of eating them 011 All Souls' Day. The pastry cooks saw their opportunity, and invented a small round pufl- of pastry, coloured blue, or, red, or yellow, and hoilow inside, theoo they called -'f fa ve,' or -beans, aud you may see them at this time- of the year in till of tho, ?'bakers'' windows. If a man. should happen to be courting at; this season, it is custom . arv for liiin to-make a present of a boxful ; ot tho:ib ' tave' -to hta -iady. ! 