Old Country Notes. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, January 12. A YOUNG girl, dying from that scourge of the British Islands, consumption, sent Mr. Gladstone last week, with a simple note, a book marker, worked with her own hands; and, in acknowledging the humble tribute of admira tion, the Premier touchingly referred to the solemn journey as to which, he said, if he did not precede her, he could not be long in follow* ing her. Almost at the same time as the publi cation of this correspondence, there appeared the announcement that, by the peremptory order of his medical adviser, the Prime Minister had abandoned the tour he had medi tated next week to his Midlothian constituents. He was to visit Edinburgh, and Paisley, and Glasgow, and the tour was to be the political event of the recess. We are assured, however, that there is nothing serious the matter with " the grand old man," who caught cold while felling a tree at Hawarden, and has not yet got over the strain of the harasing session of 1882\. But Gladstone's friends and admirers are nevertheless very anxious about him. There is a belief, in spite of his wonderful mental and physical powers, that his career is over, and that any day we may hear that he is no more. The first deputation which Lord Derby will receive is to be one upon the labour traffic of the Western Pacific. All the Agents-General are to be present, and let us hope many of the lies which have been told will be denied, and the cloud of misrepresentations to which I have often referred dispersed. The Commissioners who are to inquire into the subject will not take evidence, it is supposed, for some months, but they hold a preliminary meeting shortly. The latest application of the dagger to the repu tation of Queensland was in Monday's Daily News. The stabber was the Rev. H. ». Fagan, of Great Cressingham Rectory. The letter he wrote was part of a correspondence going on about what is termed " Scaffold protestations of innocence." Some of the Irish murderers, you may remember, upon the scaffold declared their innocence. Thereupon the Irish national Press insisted that Catholics under such circum stances would not dare declare falsely. In a short leader the Daily News, in common with other papers, argued that ruffians who assassi nated women and children would not be squeamish over a lie. Hence the correspon dence. The rector of Great Cressingham cuts in and has his say. It is not clear which side of the controversy he honours with his support, but he seems to be on the side of the murderers. He is, however, clear enough towards the end of his letter, in which he says, " Let me venture to remind your readers that this shocking idea of ' killing no murder' is not confined to un cultured Irish- speaking peasants. Your Queens land squatter, often an amiable gentleman, whose hospitality you would fearlessly accept, though your portmanteau contained any amount of gold-dust, does not take it to be murder to lay a poisoned sheep in the way oj a tribe of blacks, because some black or other has been marauding in the neighbourhood. He does not even give the blacks the ' notice' which the Irish peasant always accords to the victim of his delusion as to what is justifiable in pri vate war." I had hoped by this mail to have forwarded to you a r«ply to this letter, which, as I happen to know, has been sent to the Daily News. It does not, however, appear in to-day's paper. It deals with three classes of misrepresentations —Ist, The alleged brutality of the squatters to the blacks: 2nd, the so-called Polynesian slave trade ; and, 3rd, the assumption that Queens landers are disloyal to the mother-country. With regard to the first, the writer calls upon Mr. Fagan to name any squatter who laid poisoned sheep in the way of the blacks, as ho describes, and challenges him to specify the district, and the date of its occurrence. Of course it is difficult for anyone at home to put these matters right, because the colonial Press is at once quoted against us. Only last week a Fiji planter wrote to the Pall Mall Gazette, which is most persistent in its repetition of the old stories with which we have been all familiar for any number of years, protesting against the unjust and prejudging heading of "The Slave trade of tho Pacific," applied to an ordinary paragraph respecting the labour traffic. But these protests seem to make no difference. The principal winter art exhibitions are the old masters at Burlington House and the British artists in Suffolk-street. So far as the old masters arc concerned, there is not much to be said except that they are old masters, neither so numerous nor ho representative as we often see them at these annual exhibitions. There are this year some Vanrtycks and there is a Tintoretto (Moses Striking the llock) which some of the critics consider a little doubtful. There are a few good examples of Paris Bor done, also a Snyders, a Rubens, a Van Steen (from the Queen's collection), a Teniers, and a fair sample of Reynolds, Gainsborough, and Romney. The exhibition receives its main element of popularity, however, from a col lection of paintings by Dante Gabriel Rosetti, recently deceased. During his lifetime a mystery hung around this talented member of a talented family—one of the leaders of a peculiar school in both painting and poetry. People who wish to speak contemptuously of Burne Jores say " he is one of Oacar Wilde a set." The remark does infinite injustice to Burne Jones, but it signifies an idea—namely, that there are certain men and women who, in matters of art, are banded together, though not to the extent which Dv Maurier, with hia Postlethwaites and Mandles, would have you believe. Of this school, head and shoulders above his fellows, was Rosetti. His works at the Royal Academy at the present time are not his best. They are for the most part water colour drawings done fifteen or twenty yean ago, out there are at least ten which represent his finest style. I find it impossible to describe this style. Running through all his pictures there is the face of a woman which haunts you—not pleasantly, as the soft dreamy eyes of that girl you used to sf>oon with around the verandahs did for so many years, but as that ghost haunted you that night after a liberal supper of indigestible viands. Of course everybody knows that Rosetti and Burne Jones, and, in another direction, Whistler, have created admirers and driven them mad. They rave about their unspeakable geniuses, perceiving in their paintings inspira tions not visible to the naked eye of ordinary mankind. When lam educated up to proper appreciation of Rosetti's gaunt women with shocks of ruddy or dusky hair, I will return to this subject. This, however, will not happen probably this year. These pictures of an exaggerated Ellen Terry in red or black hair, staring hungrily at nothing, do not suit a Philistine like yours truly, and are not likely to do so. The consequences of an appeal to the English man through his breeches pockets are well known. It wakes him up. The national debtor and creditor account, which is struck at the end of every y«ar in the firm of John Bull and Company, is this year of the waking up order. Ours is not exactly a falling revenue at present, but it is a stagnant^one in many respects. Customs and excise, which are our sheet anchor, have been stationary, though the population has increased. Other branches of revenue fell off in the last quarter. Popula tion, however, as I have said, has increased at the rate of 1 per cent, and the wealth of the community has increased. But the agricultu ral industries are still depressed; at Macclcsfield and Coventry the silk weavers are in a very bad way, so much so at the Cheshire town that the day before yesterday a small number of opera tives—the vanguard of a more extensive exodus —emigrated to Queensland. The building and the cotton trades are not too flourishing. The effect of this accumulated depression always appears in the consumption of spirits and beer, and during the year the decrease in this item has been remarkably steady. The " Blue Ribbon Army" is fully entitled to credit for a share in the smaller consumption of intoxi cating liquors. The new Chancellor of Ex* chequer will not have a respectable surplus to deal with, and will scarcely be able in his new Budget to provide fora reduction of the ob noxious income tax. So detested is this im post, however, so unfair in its incidence, and so harsh in its collection, that a wise Ministry will strain a few points to readjust the general taxation. One of the first batch of litigants who ap peared on the opening of the new Law Courts for the despatch of business yesterday was Mr. Bradlaugh. He brought an action against the Sergeant-at-arms for expelling him from the House, and was defeated. Mr. Bradlaugh, spite of his many troubles, is doing well. Be has opened a shop in Fleet-street for the sale of secularist literature, portraits, kc, and both with that and his publishing business is flourishing like a green bay tree. Another case heard yesterday was a rule (which was granted) against the Times and Obaerver for publishing leadingarticles upon the tub judice Chamberlain and Boyd libel case. Mr. Boyd Btated in the Reform Club, when the Chamber lain brothers were up for election, that those gentlemen were tabooed at a Melbourne Club for misconduct. The two Chamberlains who were blackballed lay their damages at £6000 each. We are certain, therefore, of at least two celebrated causes. While Prince Krapotkine is on his trial at Lyons for disseminating the doctrines of the Internationale, Louise Michel, the female apostle of the movement, has crossed to London on a lecturing tour. Both of these firebrands have much in common. In their personal de meanour, and in their manner of public speech, they are gentle as sucking doves. They neither rave nor screech, and their oratory is nothing like so violent and sug gestive of the iconoclast, sworn to pull down thrones and overturn dynasties, as, say, the ordinary British vestryman, or democratic politician. The popular idea of these revolu tionaries is generally a false one. Punch, you may remember, always represented the O'Donohue as an Irish Caliban, armed with a fearful club, and displaying the fangs of a howling wolf. In reality, he is a dandyish and handsome man, a perfect gentleman in de meanour, aita soft and proper in speech. Krapotkine, of whom we have privately seen a gooa deal in London, looks like a gentle student who spends his life communing with nature. Louise Michel's appearance, however, is not in her favour. Her long unkempt hair suggests the locks of the fabled Furies, and there is a masculinity about her face that would not tempt a man to offer it the tribute of a fraternal kiss. But her voice is exceedingly sweet, and her sentences delicately persuasive. She was interviewed just before sho started for London, and without any hesitation she confessed that she had meditated the assassi nation of Napoleon 111,, and others who had been ruled by the Vehmgericht to which she belongs, to be tyrants unfit to live. Yet this lady has suffered patiently all tlirough life for her principles, and has spent her substance in relieving the wants of the poor and needy, living a life of undoubted self-sacritice. A woman of this kind must always be a power, and it is easy to understand why the sorrowful and desperate of her fellow-countrymen be lieved in her, while they hated the wearers of purple and fine linen who, orthodox in polities and religion,, yet passed them by on the other side. Mdlle. Michel's lectures are, however, a failure financially. She cannot secure suffi cient hearers to half-fill Steinway Hall, which is one of the fourth-rate lecture-rooms of London. Her visit attracts no attention. The Press adopts the worst of all policies towards a public person—it lets her alone. The lectures are delivered in French, and there is nothing to object to in the subject matter. They ad vocate a general amelioration of the lot of women, and denounce war as the curse of man kind. They breathe hatred to tyranny in all shapes and forms, and are warm with universal humanitarianism. There not being the ghost of a chance of a successful opposition to Sir Charles Dilke in Chelsea, the newly-created Cabinet Minister is allowed, as our sporting friends would say, to "walk over the course, on presenting himself for re-election. He has nevertheless delivered a series of able speeches in defence of the Gladstone ministry, and on the position and prospects of the Liberal party. The impor tance and interest of these speeches lie in their character of cue to the Ministerial policy of the forthcoming session. The almost complete silence he has observed on foreign questions is striking in a man who has not fully shaken off the dust of the Foreign Office. In this, how ever, he reflects the feeling of the country, which is one of surfeit of foreign politics. We have had enough of them, and want no more. Besides, Sir Charles is now president of the Local Government Board, and he has spoken fully upon the local administration with which he will have to deal. The general conclusion we may draw from this series of speeches is that in 1883, unless something unforeseen ' occurs, Parliament will try its hand at domestic legislation. A rearrangement of the county franchise he made a prominent topic, but some disappointment has been expressed by advanced Liberals at the little hope he offered of a redistribution of seats being included in theprogramrae. We have, during the fortnight, had speeches from Lord Rosebery and Mr. Herbert Glad stone at Peebles, and of Mr. Shaw Lefevre and Mr. Woodall elsewhere in the provinces. These Entlemen are all loyal Gladstonites, and so r as they have hinted at the future, they have evidently received their cue from the same source as Sir Charles Dilke. The Liberals in these recessional utterances make cocksure that there is not the remotest pros* pect at present of a Conservative reaction, and the Conservatives themselves seem to accept that opinion with a sigh of resignation. A good deal of chaff has been blown upon the Opposition over their proposal to start a Conservative magazine for the express purpose of developing the latent genius which Is said to exist in the party. Why should there not be as much intellectual talent amongst Conservatives as amongst Liberals? When John Stuart Mill described them as the stupid party, he spoke, not of individuals, but of the organisation. At that time it had always been stupid, as a matter of fact, in its use of the printing press. From this evil policy it is awakening, though even now it is only feeling its way. The Conservatives have never sup ported their Press loyally and with enterprise. They seem to get frightened too soon, and nave, in instances too numerous to recapitulate, dropped their support at the very moment when an extra effort would have ensured suc cess. The splendid position of the Standard has been gained in spite of ita politics. The Globe and the St. Jamet's Gazette flourish be cause of their clever journalism. There is no reason on earth why a shilling Conservative magazine should not do well, provided it has the literary excellence of other magazines; and there are plenty of talented men who would serve it. All publications that have moved with the Carlton at its back, have, however, hitherto moved the wrong way, being dragged hindmost by the heavy clog of party Lord Edmond Fitzmaurice succeeds Sir Charles Dilke as Under Secretary of Foreign Affairs, and as the appointment of Lord Kim berly to the Indian Office renders it neces sary that the department should be repre sented by an Under Secretary in the House of Commons, Lord Enfield has resigned. Lord Edmund Fitzmaurice may be said to be a hereditary Liberal. Brother to the Marquis of Lansdownc, who amongst his other titles is Viscount Cain and Calnstone, he has repre sented the little family borough since 1868, and has been true to the political traditions of his family. He has done more, for while his father was a Whig, and the present marquis is Whiggish, Lord Edmund has cast in his lot with the more advanced party led by Mr. Gladstone. He is 37 years of age, and has an abundant stock of brains. Next to Lord Rose bery, he is, amongst the old families (the original title of Baron Kelly and Lixnan dates back to 1181), the hope of the Liberal party. Without being an orator, he is a ready and even smart debater, and he has a keen relish for politics, which he thoroughly understands, especially foreign and Indian affairs. The friends of Lord Enfield think something better might have been done with him. He has been Undersecretary for Foreign Affairs, and while Lord in Waiting during the present Govern ment he took charge of the Local Government Board business in the Lords. In other ways he has done good service to the Liberal Government. Before (in 1874) he went to the House of Peers, where he sits as Baron < Staff ord, he was attached to Lord John Russell's mission at Vienna in 1855. Ten years later he was president of the Poor Law Board. In all these offices he was a quiet and assiduous worker, and he has made a very good Indian Under Secretary. As he still retains the First Civil Service Commissionership, it is likely that he does not feel the sense of grievance which some of his friends have expressed. A Chinaman in the employ of Mr. Wilson, on the Mosman, had the misfortune to go down to that river at the wrong hour for a bath on Friday night, after the annual Chinese festivities were closed. A few minutes after he had left Mr. Wilson heard a scream, and rushed down to the water's edge, hut could see nothing. He then got into his dingy and pushea off, when ho heard a second scream. He made for the spot, and found the unfortu nate Chinaman on a sandbank, about ankle deep in water. He pulled him into the boat, and brought him instantly to the Port Douglas Hospital, wliore it was found that an alligator had seized hin? by the leg, smashing the bone up to the knee. There were a number of flesh wounds all over the leg, and a few indued Wounds übov( the 1-nce. The injuries were so severe that Dr. Marley found it necessary to amputate at the lower third of a thigh. We learn that Johnny is progressing very satisfac torily.—Port Douglas OhronieU, 