HEW SOUTH WALES [From our own Correaixmdent.1 ' Sydney. July 20. ' la my last I informed your readers that the Davies-cnm-Harris case had been com menced. It continued several days, and excited a large amount of trablic interest. The leading position of the parties called forth this much, and the feeliDg of partizan Bhip by the Daviesites oa the one hand, and the Harnsites on the other, gave a larger percentage of excitement to the business. There were many who hoped that Daviea would be humbled to the dust. That he was false, corrupt, perfidious, was accepted by many as something so patent that it needed ne particular proof. That fce was a trimmer, a turncoat, a man who could be anything and everything as occasion might require, was affirmed by a large section of the community, who looked upon the trial as the iuat outcome of a long career of hollowness which was now about to be demonstrated by the revelations of a Law Court. And, truth to tell, there was a feeling of mild exultation on the part of such. Hewould bitethedust : he would be unmasked ; he would stand forth to all as a trickster in politics, as a shuffler in social life, as a varnished and. gilded sham. So said his enemies. There were others who blamed the Mayor. They said that the action taken was; after all, but the outcome of influences and antagonisms working in poli tical and municipal life, and that but for such antagonisms nothing would have been heard of the case. A large number of the citizens who stood outside the partisans of both were concerned only in this, that on which side soever truth and jnstice lay there Bhould be success. The trial was not a very edifying disclosure of our public men. The character of Mr. Davie3 did not appear very resplendent, and for the matter of that the same may be said in some par ticulars of the character ol Mr. Harris. With regard to Davies it came out in evidence that while acting as one of the Exhibition Com missioners he received some very substantial recognition of his services by one of the caterers for the public, who had the refresh ment bars beneath the central fountain. He had given him, so it was said, a splendid gold ring, and this at the suggestion of Davies himself. He had also presented him with an expensive albert chain, and to crown the other gifts, he had sent him a supply of drinks such as ought not to be found in the list of a Good Templar'B comforts. The presentation of the ring and the albert was admitted, but the accused stoutly maintained his innocence in the matter of the grog. But, even taking this view of the case, I think it is very damaging to Davies. Here was a gentle man appointed to a most honourable post in connection with the Exhibition, receiving in recognition of services so rendered the highest recompense which a man can have — a Badge of distinction from royalty ; and yet the whole is stained and damaged by the fact that the honorary service so rendered was previously recompensed by sordid gold. Mr. Harris, however, did not appear to much advantage in the triaL Supposing that he believed himself to have been wronged by his brother Alderman, one would have imagined that he would have mentioned the matter to the wrong-doer, or, failing in that, that he would have kept the matter buried in his own breast. But the trial disclosed the fact that the Mayor had mentioned the malappropriation first to one, then to a second, and again to a third, so that it eventually comes before the Council and the country, thus damaging most vitally the Alderman's character, although at the same time he professed a desire not to harm Davies for the sake of his wife and family. A third character who has ac quired a most unenviable notoriety in the Business *''« been Alderman Carter. This gentleman professed to be Davies's fast friend, and yet he was proved by evidence to have been Davies's accuser to the Mayor. This gentleman was subjected to a very searching examination, and he figured therein most pitiably. If the other witnesses spoke truly then Carter lied atrociously. Witness after witness affirmed in their testimony that Carter had spoken most damagingly of Dalies, while he was all the while pro fessing to be his bosom friend. To all this Carter gave his flat denial. But the general judgment is moat fatal to Carter's veracity, and he is looked upon as one who has Bigned hia own death-warrant as a public man. There was considerable feel ing in the Court when the case was being pleaded by the barristers on both sides. Mr. Darley made an able speech and sat down amid loud demonstrations of approval. This, so far as it evidenced the feeling of a section of the public against Davies, showed that he would nave little mercy from them if they had the power to settle the case. Nor did matters much improve on the part of this section when Mr. Stephen on the other side rose to plead, for his clients. Alluding to the unseemly display on the part of the spectators aa a disgrace to a Law Court, he was met by a Btorm of hisses, which were, how ever, speedily silenced by the presiding Judge. Sir Georee Innes carefully summed np, and the result was a verdict for the plaintiff, damages one farthing. From this your readers will see that though Mr. Harris is by so much condemned for the way he acted in the business, yet that Mr. Davies is not deemed to have suffered material damage from the process. The judgment, however, carries costs, and so Davie3 will have such consolation a3 is furnished by the fact that the Mayor will have to pay dearly for his allegatioi s. Anothi :? case that has occupied a consider able share of attention on the part of the public is the case of the Hey. John Osborne, Wesleyan minister, of this city. Mr. Osborne has since last April been stationed in York street Church. This, like some other city Churches, has suffered in its congregation from the exodus that has gone on for some time from the city to the suburbs. From being the most important centre of Methodist influence it has dwindled down to a mere shadow of its former self. At the same time it appears to have been felt by the authorities of Wesleyanism that there are people enough in the city, resident or casual visitors, to warrant its retention as a head-station, and thereto Mr. Osborne was Btationed at the last Conference. The rev. gentleman came to the city with an evident intention to resuscitate this failing interest if that were possible, and in the accomplish ment of this purposa he resorted to methods which are somewhat novel in Wesleyan circles — albeit, they have a certain measure of attractive influence with the mul titude. The choir was allowed a large amount of liberty, and anthems and solos formed a leading feature of the psalmody. The preacher, too, started on new lines. Instead of what some folks would call the humdrum subjects which usually form the staple of pulpit teaching, Mr. Osborne Btarted forth with popular subjects. And so Sabbath after Sabbath he has treated the congregation to discourses and topics such as the fol lowing : — ' Sir William Chambers,' *' The Queen's Birthday,' ' Ravening 'Wolves,' ' Thomas Mort,' ' The toleration of intolerance,' ' Capital and labour,' ' The model working man,' j' Mohammedanism,' 'Buddhism,' and others. One of his dis courses which attracted most attention, and was productive of the most sensational results, was a sermon connected with the departure of Archbishop Yaughan to Europe. That Sabbath evening the discourse was advertised as ' Roman Catholicism from the standpoint of a liberal Protestantism.' As was to be expected, the Church was well filled. Many Roman Catholics came to hear what a Methodist preacher had to say about their ' ism.' Many Protestants came with a similar curiosity. The sermon occasioned con Eiderable excitement. Archbishop Vaughan received high praise as a man head and shoulders above everbody else in the clerical world. Romanism was spoken of in a spirit of liberalism which seemed to treat lightly her errors injthe sacraments, with some other - views of her spirit and work. As to the per secutions of which she had been guilty^ Pro testantism would have done the same if she had the power. By this time some consider able dissent was stirring in the minds of many, which at times showed itself in the hurrying out of the Church of sundry, and the muttered disapproval of some who re mained. The latter part of the sermon dealt with some of the errors of Romanism, bnt the impression produced by the first part was not done away by the second. As a consequence there was high dissatisfaction to the Protestant section of the community, or a portion of them, which expressed itself in action by the trustees, or a majority of them, preferring formal charges agauwt'Mr. Osborne for preaching doctrines contrary to the Wesleyan standards. They accordingly summoned him to appear before a court styled a ' Mixed District Meeting,' in which laymen with the ministers are allowed to sit to hear and adjudge the case. As the trus tees had not been accustomed to hunt heresy they somewhat bungled the business. Long discussions took plaice in the Mixed District Meeting, first as to the point whether the meeting had been legally called, and second, whether the charges were fairly before the meeting. On the first point the Chair man ruled that it was legally summoned. On the second, he ruled that the charges we*-e not fairly before the meeting, inasmuch as Mr. Osborne had not had the charges sub mitted to him in proper form. The proceed ings in this court therefore fell through. The ministers of the Wesleyan Church in Sydney next took action, and Mr. Osborne was sum nioned by the Presidents of the New South Wales and Queensland Conferences to a special district meeting, that an enquiry migut be iLade, firei iato, certain alleged de fectiveness in doctrine, and second intp_ his mode of preaching and general administra tion in this Church. Some four days were spent over the case. The enquiry into Mr. Osborne's doctrinal defectiveness touched the points of the Deity of Chiist and his atone ment, repentance and justifying faith, the Deity of the Holy Spirit, the plenary inspiration of the Holy Scriptures, the efficacy of prayer, and his teachings on Romanism. Several witnesses were called, some of whom gave evidence against Mr. Osborne, and some were called to give evi dence of a rebutting character. Eventually the long and tedious enquiries and discussions came to a close. Mr. Osborne made a reply in which he affirmed most distinctly his firm belief in the doctrines referred to as held and taught by the Wesleyan Church. He declared that he had no sympathy with free-thought in the ordinary acceptation of the term, and he was equally removed Irom any sympathy with any Bvstem that was not in full accord with [the doctrines in question. He further declared that he bad no sympathy with Roman Catholicism. He had been induced to preach the sermon that had been complained of in order to conciliate Roman Catholics with a view of getting them to come and hear other sermons which would have been devoted to teaching them Protestant truth. Transubstantiation was a rank absur dity, and as to his general views of Romanist dogma and work ne was utterly removed from any approval of them. As to his manner of preaching he must claim the liberty to adhere to that. His style was different from other people's, and his subjects were wider than those generally chosen for pulpit use But he tried to teach everything from a Christian standpoint. He was a loyal Methodist. The findings of the court were : — ' First, that after hearing Mr. Osborne's frank declaration of his belief in the Deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, in his atonement for sin by His death, in the Deity of the Holy Ghost, in the plenary inspira tion of the Holy Scriptures, ana in the efficacy of prayer; having heard also his declaration of sincere attach ment to Methodist doctrines generally, as embodied in our acknowledged standards, we cordially accept his statement as full and satisfactory. At the Bame time we regret that his method of presenting these truths is at times so inexact as to produce the im pression on the minds of some that he is erroneous in doctrine. Secondly, in reference to the sermon delivered in the York-street Church on Sunday evening, April 22, on Roman Catholicism, we are convinced that Mr. Osborne is sound in the doctrines of Protestantism, as held by the Methodist Church, yet from the evidence we are satis fied that in the former part of his discourse he was so unguarded in his statements as to appear to advance doctrines not in harmony with our standards.' The case has excited a large section of the community. Some por tions of the Press have misjudged and misrepresented the point at issue, Some of these have extolled Mr. Osborne as the apostle of charity, and have designated those who took action in the enquiry by terms that are somewhat hard and uncom plimentary. The Bulletin has had some cartoons that are not very flattering to. the Methodist Brotherhood. One in this week's issue represents Osborne standing with his foot on a pamphlet on which may be read the word bigotry. On one side of him the Presi dent and Secretary of the Conference are pictured, after the style of very seedy repre sentatives of the cloth, who are poking their umbrellas at him. On the other side some of those who have taken a leading part in the matters enquired into are represented as shying stones at his head. This, how ever, is rather amusing than just. Some other -'papers have described in words what is thus set forth £n pictorial representation. This, however, is mislead ing. The enquiry that has gone forward has proceeded, not as the assumption or allega tion that Osborne had too much charity, but that he had too little doctrinal soundness. From the verdict it will be seen that he has been acquitted by the Court of defectiveness in doctrine, and the matter has resolved itself into defectiveness of statement. I do not suppose that the matter will give unqualified satisfaction. There are some who think that the man should be let alone, and anything said that appears to Bavour of censure will, [n the judgment of such, be regarded as too much. There are others who think that in these days of loose liberalism in matters theological and religious, it is of the utmost importance that religious teaching should be clear, well-defined, and moving as strong doctrinal lines, who think, moreover, that the proper way to deal with Romanism Ls by the exposure of its errors and the denunciation of. its wrongs. These in turn will think that the judgment has not gone far enough. Mr. Charles Bright and others who champion Freethoughtism have patted Mr. Osborne on the back. Bright in a Sunday evening lecture, which took Osborne for its subject, commended him for having breadth of view sufficient to see any good in Romanism. He, however, urged him to pursue the path of liberal thought until he reached that sublime altitude of seeing (tood in all isms, of course the good that waa in Freethoughtism being prominently in the mind of the speaker. Osborne has, however, cut himself clear from all sympathy with Bright and his party, and doubtless he will be denounced by Freethinkers on the one hand as he will be denounced by Romanists on the other. The somewhat eminent composer and musician, Charles Packer, has just passed iway. He was, beyond question, in these respects a child of genius, but in aim, aa in so many others, genius was not unshadowed. Last Sabbath he was carried bo his grave, by sympathetic friends, and in the Waverley Cemetery, where months ago Henry Kendall, the gifted poet, was laid to rest, do the remains of Packer lie. The day was magnificently fine, and the concourse was immense, variously estimated from 6,000 to 10,000 people. The leading bands of the city attended the funeral cortige, and at intervals gave forth the soft and tender and pathetic music which wakes the heart's greatest chords to sympathy. A powerful choir was also in attendance, who rendered with admirable precision and force some of the choicest strains of the music of the de parted one. ' The Song of the Angels' was one of these. ' Nearer, My God, to Thee' was another. To any mind with anything like ordinary sensibility there was something impressive in the scene. There was the open grave, the draped coffin, the gathered thou sands ; but above was the blue heavens, and beyond was the azure sea, and rising on the pulsing air the thrilling harmony which spoke of God, of the fellowship of the human with the Divine, of sorrow, of joy, of tears of tran sport, until carried on the wings of song the strain seemed to dis out in the light of eter nity and in the bosom of the Great Father. The widow has been left to battle with the difficulties of straitened means, and a move ment has been started to assist her and her fatherless little ones. We have had a very successful Exhibition in connection with the Engineering Asso ciation of this colony. The old Exhibition Building was chosen for the occasion, and into it was crowded much that was curious and much that was useful. At first it seemed as though the enterprise would not be a pay ing affair. But as day after day passed by the public Beemed to wake up to its value, when at length the last night was reached the building was so surcharged with visitors that it was difficult to move in the crowd. The Hon. G. Dibbs, Colonial Treasurer, who is himself an amateur engineer, opened and closed the Show. This Exhibition is a pleasing evidence of the hold the subject of technical education is taking upon the mind of the colony. Hitherto we nave had our Sheep Shows, our agricultural gatherings, and I know not what ; and although in these Exhibitions engineering has not been wholly lost sight of it has formed but an adjunct to something that was viewed as of greater importance. But in this instance it was the ptece de resis tance of the feast, and whatever clustered round it served but as dressing to the joints. The value of such a collection cannot be well estimated. To those who are advanced in the art of engineering it will serveas astimulns, and bring into play that healthy competi tion which is so productive of the Tbest results both in inventive and execu tive BkilL To those who wish to have a school in which they may sit as learners it is also of great value. The Congregational Jubilee movement has been extending itself throughout the colony. The impulse given at the central meetings in Sydney has been felt through various districts of New South Wales. With sagacity and tact those who are interested in the measures have not allowed the awakened sympathy to go to sleep again, and so depu tations have gone forth to all the districts of the colony where Congregationalism has a local habitation and a name. North and south and west has the effort gone, in which both the leading ministers and laymen have taken part. The result is that a little upwards of £30,000 has been raised in cash and pro mises. The result will be very benefi cial to general Church interests. Old debts will be things of the past, and with all the encumbrances arising out of these swept out of the way the future of Congregationalism is likely to be _ one of freer action and enlarged enterprise. A meeting was held at Pitt-street an evening or two ago, in which a detailed statement of the effort was given. There was, as might be expected, general gladness. Maybe the success^ of the undertaking will tend to arouse in other Churches a spirit of emula tion which will work for good. The two leading Churches of the colony have resorted to very questionable devices for raising money. Church of Englandism o&d; Honiaciftia lmv-j iu this matter hsma equally guilty. 'Fancy fairs hive been used by both in a manner not calculated to raise the character of religion or of- those who profess it in the eyes of the public It is therefore all the more gratifying to Bee how the spontaneous liberality of a religious body has wrought in such a worthy manner and with such striking results. 