? The Model Sunday School Teacher. Fries Essay In norTw*|nn with the 8. A. Bandar-school Union. Few of UB realise oar ideal; but a definite conception of the duties and responsibilities of Sunday-school work is, in itself, a long Btep towards success. Without a mental standard of excellence, we are not only doomed to personal disappointment, but we shall have the more dreary fate of being hindrances to our fellow-teacberB. The Sundayschool is like a machine in which every bolt and screw iB of importance; and if any teacher neglect his or her work, not only does he or she Buffer, but the whole routine is disarranged and spoiled. For example the very frequent practice of being absent without providing a substitute not only deprives the teacher of an opportunity of doing Christian service, but the scholars become restless and disorderly; while the supply is often unprepared for the claim made on his or her kindness by the indolence of the absentee. Each of us, in entering upon Sunday-Bchool work, has two duties to perform which should receive our most prayerful consideration at the commencement of our career as teachers. The first is our duty towards the rest of the school; the second our duty in relation to our own classes. Of the first but little needs to be said, as it will be fulfilled by an honest effort to obey the rules of the school, to uphold the authority of the superintendent, and to show all Christian courtesy to our fellow- teachers and the members of their classes. The opportunity will readily be found for a kind word or a helpful suggestion which will gladden the heart of a junior teacher; and the habits of punctuality, regular attendance, and respect of discipline will raise the character of the entire school by the influence of example, while they relieve the irksomeness of a superintendent's position. In addition to the Sunday intercourse with those around us, " model" teachers will be hindered by necessity alone from attending the business and social meetings by which the efficiency of the school is increased, and will there make known those lessons of experience which may reasonably be expected to result in the permanent usefulness of every part of the work. The teacher's duty in relation to the scholars under his or her care is a much wider field for thought, and includes the week-day influence as well as the Sunday leBson. Under these circumstances our work may perhaps be moBt conveniently considered under the suggested divisions of (1.) Its aim; (2.) Its subject, the scholar; (3.) The methods through which we expect success. 1\. The aim of Sunday-school teaching appears to be first in importance aB a topic for consideration, because, without an aim, none of us would have either scholars or methods. What, then, is our purpose in establishing Sunday-schools, and in endeavouring to perfect the detailB of their management ? To proclaim the glad tidings of salvation from sin, through Christ Jesus our Lord, and to enlist those around us as His intelligent disciples. We do not desire to secure a large number of adherents who will indolently assent to the statements of a creed or the principles of a denomination, but we covet the honour of winning BOUIB for our Master, and of filling our colony with those in whose hearts " the love of Christ" is a constraining reality. Even when an accurate knowledge of the Bible has been acquired, our purpose is not accomplished, for our aim is to induce those around us to be Christians in heart and life—practical illustrations of the precepts which we find in the Word of God. This involves personal Christianity in the teacher, for it is impossible to fairly present the claims of Christ upon human hearts without yielding our own obedience to His authority. We must ourselves believe that which we try to teach, and there is no hope of success in winning souls unless each of us is truly a disciple of the Lord. We cannot expect to assist the young in their difficulties and perplexities, unless we have ourselves experienced the thqgpughness of Christ's sympathy, and the sufficiency of His aid. The story of " Jesus, who is called CliriBt," is a record of a life filled with beautiful deeds, and His death was the fitting climax to a career of self-sacrificing love; but we must show Him to be a living and lifegiving Saviour if we are ever to help those around us in their struggle with sin. A dead Christ may win our admiration; His precepts may secure our reverent acceptance ; but only as we ourselves know His forgiving grace, and His present aid in the emergencies of to-day, are we fitted to guide the scholars in our care. Faced as we are with the disuse of the Bible in our day-schools, or brought into contact with those in whose homes God is merely a name, or, still worse, quite unknown, the duty of Sunday-school teachers becomes increasingly important, since they are the chief means by which our children will be trained into useful colonists. Little thought is needed to see that the skill produced by the excellent education of our colonial schools is a mighty power stored up for future use. But what if that power be misapplied ? We may increase the knowledge possessed by our boys and girls, and furnish them with new thoughts respecting the details of practical life, but mere knowledge will prove a terrible acquisition if it be not united with " the fear of God, which is the beginning of wisdom." Few of us are unaware of the adroitness with which every familiar Bible truth is attacked and criticised in this our boasted " nineteenth century" of intellectual development, and it has hence become necessary that we shall be able to " speak that we do know and bear witness of that we have seen" in our own experience, if we are to be of any real service as " soldiers of Jesus Christ." The deepest atheism is not proof against the influence of daily Christianity, and our aim as teachers must be to instil such principles into the minds and of hearts our scholars as shall react with good effect upon those they meet in after-life. The Bible itself may be studied as the choicest gem in our literature—beautiful in its variety of thought, eloquent with pathos, or brilliant with the light of genius and enthusiasm — but it is a sealed book to one who does not know the present influence of Jesus, or does not use His word as the exponent of daily life. Each of us has an instinctive consciousness that we are not what we ought to be; and though we may disguise or excuse the fact with varying skill, yet even as children we were aware that sin exists in iis. G-ed has apparently implanted in every human being the sense of incompleteness—the faculty of knowing right and wrong—the capacity for forming a moral standard before which we are self-condemned—and the Bible contains our only directions for attaining the character which we know should be ours! To be pardoned is much, but to be renewed in holiness is immeasurably more. There is a bar within our own hearts before which every thought, word, and deed comes up for judgment, and even the sense of forgiveness for wrong done does not replace us in our own estimation. We are sinners, and we know it—know it the more keenly as we realise the infinite perfection of our God; and because the Bible alone shows forth the majestic love of Him who " restoreth our souls," we use its pages as our leBSon-book when we desire to provide those around us with a reasonable expectation of being rescued from the power of sin. Christianity is the only religion with which I am acquainted that offers any prospect of future holiness to one who is consciously a sinner, for not only is it attractive in its promises of pardon, but it reveals the " eternal life," by which the vilest may be re-created in the image of God. The best-devised scheme of morals which has any other foundation than the Gospel of Jesus Christ fails to meet the real need of humanity in that it does not possess any restoring power. The resolve to " do better next time " is poor comfort for one who has fallen in his own estimation, and when intellect and effort have both failed to reach even our own standard of moral excellence we begin to realise that sin is like disease which paralyzes our powers, and to feel grateful for the glad tidings of life given to each one who will accept it from our Lord Jesus Christ. And as one of the first fruits of that life-power within us, we become eager to rescue those around us from the bondage of sin, and to persuade them into sharing the privilege with which we have been enriched. With this desire we teach in the Sunday-schools that have been established, or open similar institutions in new districts, because we are convinced that humanity needs the "glad tidings of good things" which have satisfied our own souls, and also because humanity is most easily influenced during the years of childhood. The habits of patience, unBelfishneBs, obedience, humility, and purity are the result of earnest effort and persistent prayer; but if tlie first foundation be laid in youth, the heart will have had no time to become hardened in the opposite characteristics. And, while we believe in the frecness of ChriBt'B salvation, knowing that he will come to our aid at any time during our earthly life, we are yet so conscious of the deceitfulness of Bin that we endeavour, with unwearied earnestness, to persuade the children around us to take His yoke upon themselves as early as possible. It is not only that they " dare not die without Him," but that it is utterly impossible to live properly without a definite, real love of the Lord Jesus Christ. Those of UB who can recall the years in which we did not heed the love Divine, need DO assurance that life is never truly lived until our hearts are loyal to our God, and His will has become the law of every moment. Each of us has been created with so much that is akin to the nature of God that we cannot truly be ourselves until we serve and love Him. There are unsatisfied aspirations after knowledge or holiness, which never cease their uneasy clamour in our minds until we yield ourselves body, soul, and spirit to the control of Him from whom we received those desires. And just in proportion to the bitterness of our failures in striving to realise our God-implanted ideal, is the eagerness with which we try to spare others the pain of similar failure, by making known to them the wondrous love and restoring grace of our Lord and Saviour JeBus Christ. Could we but persuade ourselves that man's sole duty on earth is to secure an entrance into heaven at death, we should very quickly cease to collect the children into our Sunday-schools and confine our attention to visiting those who are ill without hope of recovery, endeavouring to assist them in seeking God's forgiveness ere they die. But knowing, as we do, that God desireB us to live on earth, having our souls filled and animated by the life and love of heaven, we invite the children to our classes and patiently teach them the story of Jesus until they heed it or are removed from our influence. We have only to look around us to see the ravages of sin among even our children in the form of selfishness, pride, disobedience, idleness, or anger, and the sight kindles anew the fire of our sympathetic helpfulness, until no stormy sea of trial can drown our enthusiasm! Our aim is the very highest—that of rescuing the children around us, while they are young, from the power and love of sin and transferring them to the kingdom of God. Not in vague theory, but soul-satisfying reality, as the " loyal soldiers of Jesus Christ," living by "the faith of the Son of God, who loved us and gave Himself for us." 2\. This can only be done by persevering effort and prayer, but its first step is an accurate conception of our relation to the subjects of our work—the scholars under our care. It is hardly possible to think of boys and girls without remembering their almost instinctive imitation of those they admire. It lias been said that " imitation is the sincerest flattery;" but whether that sentiment be true or false, it is a fact that children do copy the words and actions of those with whom tliey come into contact. So that our first duty to our scholars iB, setting them a good example of Christ-like character. They must see in us " living epistles " which may be fearlessly studied and reproduced in their own hearts and lives. " The love of Christ" may indeed pass our knowledge when we attempt to fathom its fulness, but it can be, and should be, so thoroughly the root-principle of every word we say, and of all our intercourse with them, that our scholars shall recognise its reality, and be won by that recognition to an earnest desire for its possession. They must perceive in us no half-hearted faith in (the truths we pretend to teach, nor discover serious discrepancies between those truths and our daily liveB, but must find in our individual characters their best commentary upon the Bible in which we are trying to interest them. They must be firmly convinced that we are in earnest over their salvation; that we are content to make known the Gospel message with unwearied tenderness, while supporting " the old, old story of Jesus " with every kindly influence which can add to its attractiveness. And we owe it to them to make that story so clear that they shall never know any uncertainty as to how they may become Christians, and what they ought to do when they are the disciples of Jesus. This involves study of character as well as carefully prepared lessons—for boys and girls are not similarly affected by any given appeal, nor are the members of one class to be influenced in precisely the same way. To one, Jesus will be attractive because He is full of sympathy with sorrow: to another, His energy and perseverance in doing good, will prove most winning: to a third, His choice of young men as His companions when on earth will be a strong inducement to enter His service now: while a fourth will only heed His willingness to forgive sin because she is burdened by her want of holiness. And again, each of our scholars has special temptations which would either not come to others in the same class, or would require small effort from them to be overcome; so that we must study our boys and girls with as much prayerful earnestness as we read our Bibles, if we are really to help them in their religious life. The most carefully arranged lesson, will and must fail to accomplish its purpose, unless each of our scholars finds in it a message to him or her—something tliat will bring each soul into direct communion with our Lord. " A bow drawn at a venture " may, on occasion, shoot the arrow of conviction into a sinner's heart; but as teachers, regularly meeting nearly the same scholars Sunday after Sunday, our arrows of thought should be intentionally aimed and as earnestly directed as is in our power. For instance, "an appeal to the unconverted" is palpably out of place when addressed to those who are honestly trying to serve the Lord Jesus Christ; and is, in addition, very liable to bring doubt and discomfort to some sensitive heart, by making it ask the painful question— " Do I love the Lord, or no; Am I Hie, or am I not f" One of the most difficult problems in my experience as a teacher has been how to adapt each Sunday's lesson to the members of a class in which there is to be found nearly every stage of Christian experience. Those who have given their hearts to Jesus need no urging of His claim to their allegiance, while those who have not yet yielded to His love need to have that love displayed in its most winning details. Then also, the Bible records will not prove equally interesting to all: one will doubt the genuineness of a miracle, another will accept that fact, but doubt the account which calls David "a man after God's own heart," when evidently he was capable of great sins: a third will fail to see any sufficient reason for reading the subject of the day's lesson, because, at first sight, it has little or no connection with the day's life. To some, the biography of God's servants will be full of suggestions for their own holy living; to others it will seem like an oft-told tale which has lost its effect by frequent repetition. The poetry, the flowers, animals, or jewels mentioned in the Bible will be abundant reason for diligent search of its pageB by certain students; while others will consider any or all of these subjects as trivialities unworthy their attention, and will only heed the parables of our Lord or the instructions of His apostles. Human nature is very similar in its manifestations of character, but it is not the same in each individual ; hence it becomes our duty to be thoroughly familiar with the topics for thought which interest our scholars in ordinary life, so that we may exhibit the connection between those subjects and the Bible records. ThiB can only be accomplished by means of our personal acquaintance with each member of our classes—knowing lus or her chief duties, the past and present opportunities for mental culture, and the power to transform any information given to the mind into the practical usefulness of active Christianity. It is self-evident that this knowledge must be a work of time and very patient care; but it certainly can not be acquired without having the visiting of scholars in their own homes for a foundation. It is quite possible to starve the soul, while the mind is truly interested and gratified by the words heard—simply from want of information as to the present circumstances by which our scholars are surrounded. And we may feel hurt by inattention or irregular attendance, when, if we only knew the hidden home- anxiety or the individual sorrow, our hearts would devise some plan of relief, or at least express that sympathy which lightens the burden it cannot remove. While it is our duty to see that the energies of our scholars are employed in the service of Christ when they have become His disciples, we may in ignorance propose schemes of Christian work which are attractive in themselves and likely to prove beneficial, but which will only produce a heart-ache, because they involve the use of leisure, money, talents, or physical strength which our scholars do not possess. We cannot even wisely recommend the careful study of the Bible itself during the week, unless we know that the necessary time can honestly be spared from the duties to which God has appointed each of our scholars. For our Lord has said, "Whoso shall cause one of these little ones which believe in Me to stumble, it is profitable for him that a great mill- stone should be hanged about his neck, and he should be sunk in the depth of the sea." Matt, xviii. 6. It is one tiling to err in ignorance, but surely it is part of our own work for our Lord, to becomeBO familiar with the characters of His children and their opportunities of serving Him, that we shall help them to build upon their " most holy faith the imperishable deeds of useful lives. Another duty in connection with our scholars is perseverance in defiance of difficulties. This is by no means an easy virtue to practice, but, like most of God's gifts, it grows in the using. _ The encouragement to patient love in the management of our classes is based not only on God's promises, but on actual experience. Our " labour is not vain in the Lord," because it is of His appointment and is blessed with His approval; and we are often delighted with unexpected fruit from perhaps forgotten toil, or surprised .by the fulness of the reward beBtowed upon a small kindness, or a hesitatingly-spoken remark. It is hard to go straight on, week after week, trying to win the love of wilful scholars; but it can be done, if we will only look upon each aB given to us by the Lord Himself to be trained in His service, because we are the best available instruments for His purpose. There is honour and dignity in being entrusted with the care of boys or girls during their most susceptible years, which should go far to compensate us for the necessary trouble and frequent disappoint" ments in fulfilling our commission. " Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on Me, the works that I do, shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do, because I go unto My Father." John xiv. 12. Is not this a promise vast enough to sustain us through any amount of perverseness exhibited by our scholars P " Greater works!" Why, the Lord Himself had only a handful of disciples as the apparent result of even His ministry and example, and yet He has repeatedly verified His promise in the experience of His servants by rewarding with Divine liberality their weakest efforts to serve Him. He can give us no higher proof of His love than to trust His children to our care; and when, with human waywardness, they seem to disregard our love and reBent our interference with their comfortable self-esteem it is only His message inviting us once again, " Come unto ME, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." We are apt to think the entire work is ours, and to become "heavy laden" in proportion to our sense of unfitness for the task; hence He allows us to be burdened by failure just that the very weight of our disappointment may send us to Him for comfort and strength. Still another duty is, I think, ours—to induce our scholars to acknowledge their faith, when once we are satisfied that they really do love the Lord Jesus Christ. Church-membership is not of merely human origin, for in speaking to Peter our Lord once said, " Upon this rock will I build My church." Matt. xvi. 18. And again, after His resurrection, He counselled those who were " assembled together" to wait in Jerusalem until they were " baptized with the Holy Ghost." They did so; held a church-meeting, in which they prayerfully selected " a witness of His resurrection " to supply the place of Judas, and on " the day of Pentecost" not only received the promised gift of the Holy Spirit, but were also gratified by a large addition to their fellowship. Later on our Lord sent special messages " to the seven chuches—unto Epliesus, Smyrna, Pergamum, Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia, and Laodicea "—thereby sealing their establishment with His approbation. And it surely cannot be unimportant in Gis eyes to-day when so many who love Him do not unite with any church! Therefore do I think it part of a teacher's duty to explain the obligation and responsibility of church membership to the scholars under his or her care in such a manner that they shall lovingly enter into fellowship with some of the churches now existant when they are old enough to do so intelligently. This part of our teaching becomes advisable when we remember that " union is strength," and that the energy, talents, and faith with which God has endowed our scholars are nowhere so likely to be successful in Christian work as when added to the labour of those already engaged therein. Sympathy is nearly the strongest motive power we have; and the task which would be Herculian, if not impossible, alone, results in a triumphant victory when undertaken in concert with the wisdom and prayerful help of other Christians. And the dread of failure and disgrace in their Christian profession, by which so many of our young men and women are hindered, may be lessened, probably removed, if the Sunday-school teacher will recount its privileges as well as its claims. One of these is contained in our Lord's words, " everyone who shall confess Me before men, him will I also confess before My Father which is in heaven." Another is the companionship and prayers of fellowbelievers, and the widely- increased opportunity of bearing the " glad tidings of good things" to other minds. Attendance at the Lord's Supper is not often the exclusive privilege of church members ; but, as a rule, young people instinctively feel that they should make an open acknowledgement of their faith before they take part in the communion service. These, and other opinions relating to their presence at the Lord's table, will furnish abundant occupation for watchful teachers when they are earnestly trying to train their scholars in consistent Christianity; but they cannot wisely be ignored or hastily answered. The status of our scholars, as avowed disciples of Jesus, is an unendurable anxiety, unless it be met and considered under the direct influence of our Lord Himself. Name by name, circumstances, character, trials all specified as far as we know them, must our scholars be taken to Jesus in our private prayers, unless we are prepared to forego the Divine commendation, " Well done, good and faithful servant." And there is such comfort in telling Christ the story of our desires on behalf of His children while we ask His guidance to the special kindness or suggestion which shall really help them into entering His service with whole- hearted earnestness. Baffled fey the dreariness of their doubts, heart-sick with hope deferred in watching their debate over His claim to their allegiance, or grieved in sympathy with their trials—where can we find sufficient grace for our need, except in Jesus Himself ? Our example, our lessons, our influence, are so many objects of dread, unless we know and use the matchless love of Christ as our constant inspiration. Sustained by Him, we can "do valiantly;" without Him, we shall indeed "do nothing." 3\. The methods through which we expect success will vary in different classes: for the plans which would interest and retain senior scholars, will be almost useless among the infants and young children. But in any case they are most naturally divided into Sunday teaching and week-day influence. A. Sunday lessons. Our aim being to fill our scholars' minds with thoughts of Jesus, and to lead them to trust Him implicitly, He will form the chief attraction of every lesson, wliatever be its subject. There is a connection between Jesus and every part of the Bible record, and our teaching has failed to accomplish its purpose, unless that connection has been made manifest. Sometimes Jesus is pre- eminently the subject of the entire lesson; on other occasions He is chiefly connected therewith by force of contrast, as in the story of Annanias and Sapphira, where Christ, " the Truth," becomes irresistibly attractive as our safeguard against similar sin. Or some record in the Old Testament becomes full of interest, because it formed an illustration for our Lord Himself of His own work among human beings, as the manna in the wilderneBB, the brazen Eerpent, or the visit of Jonah to Ninevah. Indeed His quotation of precepts or incidents which are found in the Old Testament stamps them with authenticity, and leads us to accept the books of the Bible as coming from God Himself. Argue as we may about the extent of the deluge, we are obliged to accept the fact, or set aside Christ's allusion to Noah and the ark in Matt. xxiv. 37-39. And His mention of Naaman, the Syrian, (Luke iv. 27) is a new and fascinating comment upon the sympathy and perseverance of a captive maiden. In senior classes this union between the different portions of our Bible becomes of increasing value as they learn to use its pages as the rule of daily life, while the thought that Jesus had something to do with the incident chosen aB the day's subject will increase its interest and helpfulness. It has been well said that giving instruction is not the whole of Sunday lessons: we must train our scholars as well as teach them. The mind of each must receive a definite impression, which can be recalled and considered after the lesson is ended, and must itself perceive the force of the argument stated, or the appropriateness of the illustration given, or the practical value of the suggestions made, before our task is satisfactorily accomplished. This mental process is much assisted by judicious questions during or at the closo of tlie lesson, and may be considered complete if the "quarterly review" provided for in the International series of subjects be really rendered by the scholars in answer to the teacher's request for information. This happy consummation is more likely to occur in junior than in senior classes, for children are usually'more ready to speak their thoughts than grown boys and girls. If after trying the experiment of questioning his or her scholars the teacher fails to obtain answers, he or she will find the result of mental training in the daily life, or occasionally in the assistance privately asked over Bible and other difficulties. (To be Concluded in our next.J 