Sketcber. :;v viTtheathtaSok . ; moil Tin: hecollbctions oi' K BinsniAN . ,' rnaiTiTE. 1 . . I ltM> lived lour yearo M oxila in Sibaria,in ' tho viUsgo of Bolaohoo, when ono night tho opportunity cqmo to escape with tho horso . '-and sleigh belonging to tho inspector of the oxIIcb. I flow ont of tho village and all night . Ipiiij through solitary plains of snow without stopping. As dawn approached I saw a vil lage on my right, but fenring recognition nnd : capture 1 went on across tho endless wastes of . snow; after pausing down in a ravino to feed my horso ahd strengthen myself with brandy. On I wont, the wholo day without having \ acbii a singlo human being. ' Toward night my horso grow weary and : lioon bouid only walk. At last ho stood stilt, panting heavily. I was uneasy, for I feared if I remained quiet there on tho plain, I might ho surprised either by woIvcb or by tlio in- > numerablo tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, ' X. UlIX IlUb JWlUUf ill WUUil U1IUUVJUII 1 I1I1U journeyed during tho la9t hours, for I might , jmvo approached the placo I started from. For readincss iu any case, I drew out two re volvers, also stolen from our inspector, \ charged each barrel with ball nnd laid them , , both beforo me. . ' Alter roy horse had stood awhile and eaten \- snow; he showed readiness to proceed; But whitlicr? ' I did not know, and lott it to the horeo to go where bo would. As Boon as he folt the loose rein bo turned at onco to tho left and went off in a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darker till at last I could scarcely sea a step beforo me. ' .Bat tho horso seemed to trace somothlng, for ho pointed his ears continually and looked .. ideadily before him. I also was. watchful, and standing np in the nleigh, gazed straight ahead. But I saw and heard nothing, and ' was about to sit down again when I suddenly perceived a point of light in tho distance. \- My horso also saw it and trotted faster for ward.' This light might como from a farm- ,, . lioiipe window, bnt it might also came from a ; firo built by wanderers in tho snowy desert. "Be it what it may," I said to myself, "I must get out of this uncertain situation though fall in with robbers." Soon afterward 1 could discern the outlirio of a great structure which stood alono in the middle of tho desert, and from . whoso ono window tho rays of light shown. I was especially strnok with tho loneliness of tho building and tho stnoko which camo from tho one window. Afraid of being observed, I drovo slowly and quietly up, stopped by tho back wall of tho strange bnilding, fastened tho horso to a post, threw a heap of hay beforo him, and then stolo cautiously and noise lessly up to tho window wbonca tho light streamed, ' Accustomed, to tho darkness, my eyes could at first distinguish nothing of tho interior ; it was only after somo minutes that 1 rcalizod tlio- picture presented to my view. But this scene was so frightful that my blood curdled in ray veins, ray hair roso on end and a cold Bweat broko ont on ray brow. Tho wholo interior of tho bnilding was filled with smoko which roso from a burning pilo of logs in tho centra. / Round this firo sat threo men whoso faces had a fantastic, look jn the red glow of tho firo. Near tho hearth, in tho looso boards of tho floor, a great opening was visiblo, from whieh six men, ono after another, soon caino oat, and each bore a stiffened human corpso 1 Tho bodies wcro wrapped only in linon, and wcro chalk-whito from frost. Tbo bearora woro peasants' dress, and wcro robust fellows with rough, repulsive Two of tho men sitting round tho firo wcro dressed in city clothes, while tho third ap peared likoa butolicr; ho wore a blno apron, had luo sleeves rolled up and held a great knifo in his hand. 'When tho six peasants entered with their dreadful burden, the threo stepped back from tho firo, and tho bix corpses wcro put in their place, erect round tho pile of logs liko candles ! It was a horrible sight for mo 1 Tho firo glared upon tho white forms of the dead, while over their heads tho blaok smoko gathored. I distinguished among tliom four men, a woman and a boy. Ono of tho male corpses had a beard of extraordinary length. When tho bodies were soraowhat thawed they wero taken by tho peasants from tho firo and laid on tho fioor on tho outspread linen. At tho samo moment tho " butoher" went up to the corpses with his great knifo and thrust it deep in tho abdomen of tho one nearest him. 1 could not explain to myself tho mean ing of thin wholo scene. I simply stared, and saw how with almost indiffcrenco tho " but cher" ripped open the abdomen, took out tho insides, -carved, divided, and showed to tho city dressed mon, and then thrust again into the body belonging to thorn. I had often in ray life witnessed terriblo events, but what I saw hero went beyond all human conception. It seemed to be that all tills was moro a fantasy of my wearied brain than a reality. I remembered how authors of horriblo talcs of tor presenting a train of im possible, unhcarcd of occurrences and exciting tho reader's curiosity to the highest degree, suddenly broke oft with tho simple scntcnco : " I walked up, tho bright Banohinc,eto." What happened in romances might be in reality. I rubbed my eyes, looked, tried to collect my thoughts, in vain I I did not sleep, I saw, I heard, I breathed I Beforo me tho wall of tho awful building, blackened by tho eternal storms ; near me my tethered horse, nnd roy sleigh; all about rao d boundless wasto of Bnow; above mo the gallon, clouded Bibcrianhcavcns. What should I do? I thought to myself. Should I fly? But where ? Or should I penotrato into tho houso and shoot down theso descorntors of tho dead ? Terrified, benumbed; I Btood thcro half dead and did not know what to dccido upon. At lastl concluded to abandon this unlucky post of observation. I wanted to steel softly to my elcigh again and run up and down, but my feet refused to servo me. I tried to scream out ; my voice died in my throat. An impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts, para lyzed my will. I already began to doubt tho correotncss of my judgment. I conlduot understand who I was, who theso dreadful people were, what was tho object of their terriblo doings. Finally tho moment camo, tbo one moment in my life when I began to bclievo in a supernatural world, in ghosts or myatio sorcory. But this moment did not last long. Thon, as I, so perplexed, mused and stared within, I suddenly folt somoone from bo- hind seize mo by my fur collar and roar fear fully at me. Like a broken Btraw I dropped without a sound and knew no more that hap pened to me. When I recovered my consciousness and openod my eyes, I lay in the snow while tho two men in city clothes rubbed my forehead with snow and tried to revive and encourage me. " Younro frightened, myfriend," ono of them saidtomn. . "Do not fear; wowill donotbing to you. We aro dootors and here onlyintho disohargo of our duty!" leu— uub tuu corpses. a couiu Buarcoiy utter the words. "Tho corpses, brother," ono of this mon re plied, " aro of tho peasants in this region who died of oholora, and hero in tho Death Station wo havo disscotcd them. By accident you witnessed tho most ropngnant work of our olfioo. Such a scone is offensive to anyone, but most so to thoso who havo never before seen it. If it is agreeable to you to travel with us to tbo nextpost-station,itwillgiveus great pleasure," conoludcd tho amiable doctor. But I thanked him for his invitation, pleaded a pressing business joarney, olimbed then with tho assistance of both dootorB into my sleigh, and rodo swift as an arrow off pnd away. I breathed freely when I felt myself alone again on the plains; but I was long agitated by what I had seen in tho Lonely Death Station. \ In Siberia suddon deaths frequently occur, but there in such a case they may not inter the body without its inspection by tho polico and a post mortem examination by physicians ; but tho number of doctors in Siberia is insuffi cient, so,' between tho solitary villages so- called DenthStatiopsaro creotcd, towhiohtho dead aro brought and placed in cold cellars bnilt for |them, remaimng thcro till a police and racdioal commission arrives and examines them. Then, only, aro they separately con voyed to their lonoly burial places and in terred, ' Thus I was tho involuntary witness of suoh a judicial post mortem, and I Bhuddcr oven now when I recall that niaht dnrimr mv flinhfc from Siberia.- -Froni the Gentian. 