MISS A'S &HOST.; " In our next narrative we have been fortunate enough to obtain the testimony, at first hand, of three witnesses—two of them daughters of an Irish clorgyman of some distinction—to the events related. The house itself is an old rectory in the north of Ireland. In 1818 or 1S19, Miss A , the eldest daughter of the then incumbent, died, and it is this lady whom the apparition which has been seen in the house is supposed to Represent. Into the circum stances attending her death, which lend n tragic interest to the commonplace details of the following narrative, we are not at liberty to enter. But this much is clear, that Miss A 's life had been an unhappy one—narrow in its interest, and repressed in its sympathies. The following is a copy of a letter written to us by Miss G , one of four sisters:— 1 We lived for twelve years in what was considered to be a "haunted house." It was an old country rectory, in which, forty years before, a terrible tragedy had occurred. We took possession of the place in October, and nothing remarkable occurred until one evening about Christmas time—I for°et tho exact date. After family prayers, when all our party, except my mother and father and myself, had retired, I left the diningroom, and wont across the hall into the diawing- room. There was no light in the front hall, but a hanging lamp in the back passage gave some little light. The drawing-loom fire was almost, but not quite, out. There was a white marble mantelpiece, and before the fireplace stood a chair, in which one of us had been sitting before tea. As I entered the room, a figure rose up quietly from that chair and approached me. I thought I recognised my sister, and said, "Am you hero, H ? I thought you had gone to bed." The figure advanced .and came so close to me that I.put out my hand and said, " Don't knock me down." Still no answer, and tho figure was gone. I returned to the dining-room and said to my father and mother, " If there is a ghost in D 1 have seen it just now." They laughed at the idea, but I insisted that I had seen something for which I could not account, and was determined to investigate it. I therefore took a lamp and searched drawing-room., hall, and passages, satisfied myself that the seavants had gone to hed, and then went to the rooms upstairs occupied by my sisters and by some friends who were staying with us at the time, Not one of them had been in the drawingroom after prayers. A few evenings afterwards I opened a door which led from tho back passage to the top of the kitchen stairs. A figure seemed to rush up the stairs to meet me, went past me, and when I looked after it into tho lighted passage behind me it was gone. For this incident also I could not satisfactorily account. This is all I saw, but I, as well as other members of our household, often heard strange noises, as of dragging furniture, heavy footsteps, &c.;, especially at night. We investigated these over and over again, and once I detected that the sounds of a clanking chain was caused by a reverberation from the stable. There were no rats in the house while we were there.'" 