SIR TOM. BY MBS. OLIPHANr. Author of "The Chronicles vf Carllngford," "The Urea test Ueiress Is England," "lie that WUl Mot when Be May," <tc-, 4c. CHAPTER XXIL Afterthis it came to be a very common occurrence that Jock and Bice should meet in the aftel-nooa. He for one thing had lost his companionship with Lucy, and hod been straying forth forlorn not knowing what to do with himself, taking long walks which ho did not care for, and longing for tho intellectual companionship of McTutor, or even of the other fellows who, if not intellectual, at Ica^t were acquainted with the same things, and accustomed to tbe same occupations as himself. It worked in him a tremor and commotion of a kind in which he w^s wholly inexperienced, when ho saw the slim figure of the girl approaching him, through the paths of the shrubberies, or the greeneries of the Park. Ho said to himself once or twice, " What a borebut thoBe words did not express his feelings. It was not a bore, it was something rcry different. He could not explain the mingled reluctance and pleasure of his own mood, the little tumult that arose in him when he saw her. Ho wanted to turn his back and rush away, and yet (ho wanted to be there waiting for her, seeing her approach step by step. He had no notion what bis own mingled sentiments meant. But Bice to all appearance had none of the reluctance nor of the excitement. She came running to her playmate whenever she saw him with frank satisfaction. " I was looking for you," she would say, " Let us go into the Park,'Where nobody can see us. Run, or some one will be coming," and then she would fly over stock and stone summoning him after her. There wero mauy occasions when Jock did not appear, but he always followed her, though with internal grumblings, in which he indulged, conscientiously making out bis own annoyance to be very great. " Why can't she let me alone," he said to himself, but when it occurred that Bice did leave him alone, and made no appearance, his sense of iajury was almost bitter. He said cutting things about it in his own heart, and was very satirical on the stupidity of eirls who were afraid to wot their teet, and estimated the danger of catching a cold as greater than any mutual advantage. For Jock had all that instinctive hositility to womanhood which is natural to the malo bosom, except perhaps at one varying period of life. They had no place in the economy of his existence at school, and he knew nothing of them nor wanted to know. But Bice, though when he was annoyed with her, she became to him the typical girl, the epitome of offending woman, had at other times a very different position. It stirred bis entire beingt he did not know how. when she roamed with him about the woods talking of anything, from a point of view which was oertainly different from Jock's. Occasionally, even, he aid not understand her any more than if he heard her speaking a foreign language. She bad never any difficulty in penetrating his meaning as ne had in penetrating her's, but there were times she aid not understand him any more than he understood her. She was by far the easiest in morals, the least Puritanical It was not easy to shock Bice, but it was not at all difficult to shock Jock, brought up as he was in the highest sentiments under the wing of McTutor, who believed in moral influenoe. But the measure of the interoourse held between these two was very remarkable in its way. They were Uke brother and sister, without being brother and sister. They were strangers to each other, yet living in the most entire intimacy, and about to be parted for fever to-morrow. They were of the same age, yet the girl was in erperienoe of a life a world in advance of the boy, who, notwithstanding, had the better of her in a thousand ways. In short, they were a paradox, such as youth, more or less, is always, and the careless close companionship that grew up between them was at once the most natural and the most strange alliance. They told each other everything by degrees, without being at all aware of the nature of their natural confidence; Bioe revealing to Jock the conditions on which she was to be brought out in England, and Jock to Bice the unusual features of hie own and( hiB sister's position, to the unbounded astonishment aud scepticism of each. " Beautiful," aaid Jock, drawing a long breath. " But beautiful'a not a thing you can go in for, like an exam. You're born so, or you're bom not so—aud you know you're not —1 mean, you know you're —. Well it isn't your fault Are you goin^ to be sent Away for just being—not pretty!' " I told you." said the girl, with a little impatience. "Being pretty is of no conseguenoe. I am pretty of course," she added regretfully. "That is nothing. But it is only if I turn out beautiful that she will take the trouble. And at sixteen, lam told, one cannot yet know." " But," cried Jock with a sort of consternation, "you don't mind, do you? I don't mean anything unkind, you know : I don't think it matters—end _ _ I . am . sure it isn't your fault—you are not even good-looking," candour compelled the boy to say, as to * honest comrade with whom sincerity was best. " Ah !" cried Bice, with a little excitement. " Do you think so ? Then perhaps thero is some nope." Jock was confounded by this utterance, and he began to feel that he had been uncivil. "I don't mean," he said, "that you are not—I mean that it is not of the least consequence. What does it matter? I am sure you are clever, which is far better. I tbink you could get up anything faster than most fellows if you were to try. "Get up? What does that mean? And when I teU you that it does matter to roe— the beauty—very much," she cried. " When iu are beautiful everything is before you. ,ou marry; you haro whatever you wish; you become a great lady—only to be prettythat does nothing for yon. Ugly, however," said the girl reflectively; "if 1 am ugly, then there is some hope. " I did not sBy that,' 1 cried Jock, shocked at the suggestion: " I wouldn't be so uncivil. You are—just like other people," he added, encouragingly, " not much either one way or another, like the rest of us," Jock said, with the intention of soothing her ruffled feelings. At sixteen decorum is not always the firat thing we think of. and though Bioe was not an English girl she was very young. She threw out a vigorous arm and pushed him from her, so that the astonished critic, stumbling over some fallen trunks, measured bis length upon the dewy sod. "That waa not I," she said, demurely—as he picked himself up in quiet surprise—drawing a step away, and looking at bim with timid eyes, to wninh the little fright of seeing him fall, and the spark of malice that took leasure in it, (had given sudden brilliancy, Sock was so much astonished that he uttered do reproach, but went on by her aide, after a moment, pondering. He could not say how any offence could have lurked in the encouraging and consolatory words he had said. nut when they reached the other chapter, which concerned bis fortunes, Bioe was not more understanding. Her grey eyes absolutely flamed upon nim when he told her of his lather's will and the conditions upon which Lucy's inheritance was held.^ "To give his money away I But that is impossible ; it would, be to ahow one self mad," the girl aaid. ••Why? You forgot it's my father you're speaking of. He was not mad—he was just," said Jock, reddening. "What's mad in it? You've got a great iortune, far more than yoa want. It ail came out of other people's pockets somehow—oh, of course, not in a dishonest way. That is the worst of speaking to a girl that doesn't understand political economy and the laws of production. Of course it must come out oz other peopled pockets. If I sell anything and get a profit —and nobody would sell anything if they didn't get a profit—of course that comes out of your pocket. Well, now, I've got a great deal more than I want, and I say you shall have some of it back." " And I say," cried Bice, making a curtsey, " Messi Monsieur, Eugiaa Signor, oh, thank you, thank you very much—as much as you like. Sir, as much as you like; but all the same, I think you are mad. Your money; all that makes you happy and great " " Money," aaid Jock loftily, "makes nobody happy. It may make you comfortable. It gives you fine houses, horses, and carriages, and aU that sort of thing. So it will do to the other people from whom it came. So it Is wisdom to divide it, for tho more good you can fjet but of it tno better. Lucy has money lying in the Bank—or somewhere— that she does not want, that does her no good, and there is some one else ("a fellow I know," Jock added in a parenthesis) who has not got enough to live upon. So you see she just bands over what she doesn't want to him, and that's better for both. So far from being mad, it's"—Jock paused for a word— " it's philosophy, it's wisdom, it's statesmanship. It is iust the grandest way there was ever invented for putting things straight." Bice looked at him with assort of incredulous cynical gaze—as if asking whether he meant her to believe this fiction—whether, perhaps, he was such a fool as to think that she would be persuaded to believe it. It was evident that she did not for a moment suppose him to be aeriolis. She laughed at last in ridicule and scorn. " You think," she said, " I know so little. Ah, I know a great deal more than that. What are ' you without money ? You have nothing. The more you have, so much more have you everything at your command. Without money you are nobody. Yes. you may be a prince or an English milord, but that is nothing without money. Oh, yes. 1 have known princes that had nothing and tbe people laughed at them. And a milord who is poor—the very donkey boys scorn him. You can do nothing without money," the girl said with an almost fierce decision. " and you tell me you will give it away.' She laughed again with a sort of angry defiance and indignation, as if such a brag was offensive and insulting to ber own poverty. The boy who had never in his life known what it was to want anything that monay could procure for him, treated the whole question lightly, and undervalued its importance altogether. But the girl who knew by experience what was involved in the want of itt heard with a sort of wondering fury this Blighting treatment of what was to her the universal panacea. Her cynicism and satirical unbelief pew into indignation^ " And you tell me it is wise to give it away." a " Lucy has got to do it, whether it is wise or not," aaid Jock, almost overawed by this moral disapproval. " We went to the lawyer about it the day you came. He is settling it now. She is giving—well, a good many thousand poundB." " Pounds are moro than francs, ch ?" said Bice uuickly. " More than francs ! just twenty-five times more," cried Jock, proud of hia knowledge, " a tnouaand pounds is " "Then I don't believe you !" cried tho girl in an outburst of passion, and she fled from him across the Park, catching up her dress, and running at a pace which even Jock with his long legs knew he could not keep up with. He go^.ed with surprise, standing still and watching her with the words arrested on bis lips, "But she can't keep it up long like that," after a moment Jock aaid. The time, however, approached when tho two would have to leave. He left the Hall a few days after Lady Eandolph, and he was. somehow, not very glad to go. They wero all somewhat pre-occupied, and conversation languished when the family were alone together. When the Contessa was present she kept up the ball, maintaining at least with Sir Tom an always animated and lively strain of talk : but at breakfast there was not much said—of late a little restraint had crcpt between the master and mistress of the house. No one could tell how. The names of the guests were scarcely mentioned between them. Sir Tom was very full of attentions to hia wife, but he was more silent thali he used to be, reading his letters and, his news- I i&pers.; Lucy had been quite satisfied when ie eaid, though it must be allowed with a laugh uot devoid of embarrassment, that it was more important he should master all the papers, and see how public opinion was running now when it was so near the opening of Parliament But a little veil of silence nad fallen over Lucy too. It oost her an effort to speak even to Jock of common subjects and of his goins away. She had thought him looking a little disturbed, however, on this particular morning, and with the newspaper forming a sort of screen between them and Sir Tom. Lucy made an attempt to talk to her brother as of old. "I shall miss you very much, Jook. We have not had so much time together as we thought." *' We have bad no time together, Lucy. " You must not say that, dear. Don t you recollect that drive to Fwafield ? We have not had so many walks, it ia true; but then I have been—occupied." " Is it even finished yet, that business ?" Jock said suddenly. It was all Lucy could do not to give him a warning look. *'I have had some letters about it A tiling oannot be finished in a minute like that Instinctively she spoke low to escape her husband's ear; he had never referred to the subject, and she avoided it religiously. It gave her a thrill of alarm to have it thus re introduced. To escape it, she said, raising her voice a little, "The Contessa's letters have not been sent to her. You must ring the bell, Jock. There are a treat many tor her." The name of the Contessa always moved Sir Tom to a certain attention. He seemed to be on the alert for what migbt be said of her. He looked round the corner of the paper with a short laugh, and said, jooularly, with a mock gravity, " It is a great thing to keep up your correspondence, Lucy. You'can never know when it may prove serviceable, H it had not been for that, she most likely never would have been here." Lucy smiled, though with a uttle restraint " Perhaps she is sorry, now," she said, "for it muatbe dull." Then sho hurriedly changed tho subject, afraid lest she might seem illnature a. "Toor Miss Bice has never an/ letters," abe said ; " she moat havo very few friends." "Ob, she has nobody at all, said Jock. " She hasn't got a relation. She has always lived like this, in different places ; and never been to school, or—anywhere; though she has been nearly round the world.' " Poor litUe thing, and Bhe is fond T>f children too," said Lucy. " I found her one day with baby on her shoulders, a wet day when he could not get out, raising up ana down the boy gently, and him crowing and laughing. It was so pretty to see him" ' r to see her, Lucy, moat people would , jut 8 ! thought j young mother. Then she made eTpaose, and added softly, *' I hope—they—ore always kind to her. There was a little sileoce. Sir Tom was behind his newspaper. He listened, but he did not say anything, and Jock was notaware that he was listening. " Oh, I don't think she minds," said Jock. 1 4 She is rather jolly when yon come to know her. I say, Lucy, it will be awfully dull for her, you know, when" " When what, Jock ?" "When lam gone," the boy intended to have said, but some gleam of consciousness came over him (bat made him pause. He did not say that, but gave a little nod iu the effort to tnink of something else that he could say. '•Well, I mean here," he said, "for she hasn't been used to it She has been in places where there was always music playing and that sort of thing. She never was in the country. There's nobody to be seen; but she's not very fond of reading. Few people are, I tbink. You never open a book"— u Oh, yes, Jock 1 I read the books from Mudie'e, Lucy said, with some spirit, " and 1 always send them upstairB." Jock had it on his lips to say something derogatory of the books from Mudie'a, but he checked himself, for be remembered to bave seen McTutor with one of those frivolous volumes, and refrained from snubbing Lucy. " I believe she can't read," he said. "Shecan do nothing but laugh at you. And she thinks she's pretty," he added, with a Uttle laugh yet sense ol unfaithfulness to the trust reposed in him, which had once more covered his face with crimson. Lucy laughed too, with hesitation and doubt. " I cannot see it," she said. " but that is what Lady Randolph thought It is strange that she should talk of 'that, but people are very funny who have been brought up abroad." " All girls are likethat," said Jock, authoritatively. "They think so much of being pretty. But I tell her it doesn't matter. What difference could it make? Nobody will suppose it was her fault. She says" T < Hallo, young man," said Sir Tom. " It ia time you went back to school, I think. What would McTutor say to all these confidences with young ladies, .and knowledge of their ways?" Jock gave his brother-in-law a look, in which defiant virtue struggled with a certain consciousness, but he scorned to make any reply. CHAPTER XXILI. THE BREAKFAST TABLE. Lucy found her life much changed when Jock had gone, and she was left alone to facc the chauge of circumstances which had tacitly taken place. The Contessa. said not a word of terminating her visit. The departure of Lady Randolph apparently suggested nothing to her. Sno could scarcely havo filled up tho foreground more entirely thau she'did Defore—but she was now uucriticiacd, unremarked ui>ou. There seemed to be no appropriation of more than her due, but it was very natural that a person of experience and jwwers of conversation like hers should take the leading place, aud simple Lucy, so much younger and with so much less acquaintance with tho world, fall into the background. And accordingly this was what happened. Madame di Porno-Populo know everybody. She had a hundred mutual acquaintances to tell Sir Tom about, and they seemed to have an old habit of intercourse, which by this time had been fully resumed. The evenings were the time when this was most apparent. Then the Contessa was at her brightest. She had managed to introduce shades upon all the lamps, so as to diffuse round ner a softened artificial illumination such as is favourable to beauty that has passed its prime, and in this ruddy gloom she sat half seen, Sir Tom sometimes standing by her, sometimes permitted to take the other corner of her sofa—and talked to him, sometimes sinkiug her voice low as her reminiscences to^k some special vein, sometimes calling sweetly to her pretty Lucy to listen to this or that These extensions of confidence, generally, were brought in to make up for a long stretch ol more private communications, and the aspect o( the little domestic circle was on such occasions curious enough. By the table, in a low chair, with the full light of the lump upon her, sat Lucy, generally witli some work in her hands; she did not read or write (exercises to which, to tell tho truth, she was not much addicted) out of politeness, lest she should seem to be withdrawing her attention from her guest, but sat there with her slight occupations, so as to l>e open to any appeal, ami ready if she were wantod. Ou the other side of the table, the light making a sort of screen ami division between them, sat Bice, ueuerally with a book before her, which, as has been eaid, did not at all interfere with her i>owcr of giving a vivid attention to what was going on around her. These two said nothing to each other, and were often ailcnt for the whole evening, like picocs of 6till Life. Bice tat with .her book ujMm the table, so tint only the open page and tJio JiaiuLt that held tho book were within the brightness of tho light, which on the other side streamed down upon Lucy'a fair shoulders and soft youn^ fuco, ami upon the work in her hands. In the corner was the light continuous murmur of talk : the half-seen figure of tho Contessa, generally leaning p>ack, looking up to Sir Tom, who stood witli his arm oil the mantelpiece, witli much animation, gesticulation ot her hands, and subdued Iuu^liter, tho moat lively current of sound, soft, intensified by little eloquent breaks, by emphatic gesture*, by sentences left incomplete, nut understood all the bettor for beiu* half said. There were many evenings in which Lucy sat thrru with a little wonder, but no other active feeling in 'her miml. It is needless to sav that it was not pleasant to her. She would sit and wonder wistfully whether her husband hail forgotten she was there, but then reminded herself that of course it was his duty to thiuk of the Contessa first, and consoled herself that by-and-bye tho stranger would go away, and all would be as it had been. As time went ou tho desire that this should happen, and longing to have possession of her home again, grew so strong that she could scarcely subdue it, and it was with the greatest difficulty that she kept all expression of it from her lips. And by and-byc, the warmth of this restrained desire ho absorbed Lucy tliat she scarcely dared allow herself Co speak lest it should burst forth, and there seemed to herseLf to be oonti'nually.gointf over in her mind u calculation of the chances, _ a scrutiny of c vory thing the Contessa said which seemed to point at such a movement. But, indeed, tho Contessa said very little upon which tho most sanguine could build. Slie said nothing of her arrtuigeuieuts at all. nor what she was going to do, and answered none of Lucy's ardent and innocent fishings after information. Tho evenings be'-amc more and more intolerable to Lady Randolph as they went on. She was glad that anybody should conic, however little sho might care for their society, to break these private conferences u p. And this was not all, nor even perhaps the worst, of the vague evils not yet defined in her mind, and which she was very reluctant to define, which Lucy liad to go through. At breakfast, when she was alone with her husband, matters were almost worse. Sir Tom, it was evident, began to feel the embarrassing. He did not know what to say to his little wife when they were alone. The presence of the Dowager and Jock had freed him from any necessity of explanation, hail kept him in nis usual easy way ; but now that Lucy alone sat opposite to him, he was more silent than his wont, and with no longer any of the little flow of simple observations, which had once been so delightful to her. Sir Tom was more uneasy than if she had been a stem and jealous Fleanor, a clear-sighted critic seeing through and through him. The«contest was so unequal, and the weaker creature so destitute of any intention or thought of resistance,.that he felt himself a coward and traitor for thus deserting her and overclouding her home and her life. Then he took to asking himself, did he overcloud her ? Was she sensible of any difference ? Dul she know enough to know that this was not how sho ought to be treated, or was she not <L u itc contented with her secondary place? Such a simple nature, would she not cry—^would she not show her anger if she was conscious of anything to be grieved or angry about! He took refuge in those newspapers which, he gave out, it was bo necessary he should study, to understand the mind of the country, before the opening of Parliament And thus they would sit, Lucy dutifully filling out the tea, taking care that he had tne dish he liked for breakfast, swallowing her own with difficulty yet lingering over it, always thinking that perhaps Tom might have something to say. While lie, on the other hand, kept behind his ucwspaitcr, feeling himself guilty, conscious that another aort of woman would make one of those "scenes" which men dread, yet despising Lucy a little in spite of himself for the very quality he moat admired in her, and wonaermg if she were really capable of feeling at all. Sometimes little Tom would bo brought downstairs to roll about the carpet and try his "unsteady little limbs in a series of clutches at the chairs aud table ; and on these occasions the meal waa got through more easily. But little Torn was not always well cuougn to comc downstairs, and sometimes Lucy thought that her husband might have something to say to her which the baby's all-engrossing presence hiudered. Thus it came about.than the hours in which the Contessa was present and in the front of everything, werp reajly losg painful than those in which the pair were alone with the shadow of the intruder!' more powerful even than her presence holding tjiem apart. One of these mornings/ however, Lucy's anticipations and "hop« seemed to he realized. Sir Tom laid down hirf paper, looked at her frankly without any shield fffld tald, as she had so often imagined him saying, "I want to talk to you, Lucy." How glad she was that little Tom was not downstairs that morning. She looked at him across the table with a brightening countenance, and said, " Yes, Tom," with such warm eagerness and sudden pleasure that her look penetrated his very heart. It implied a groat deal more than Sir Torn inteudeu aud thought, and he was a man of very quick iutelligence. Tho expectation in her eyes touched hiin beyond a thousand complaints. " I bad an interview yesterday, in which you were much concerned,'' lie said; then made a jiuuse, with such a revolutiou going ou within him as seldom happens in a mature and self-collected mind. He had begun with totully different sentiments from those which suddenly came over him at the sight of her kindling face. When he said. "I want to talk to you, Lucy," he had meant to speak of her interview with Mr, Hubiiton, to ]>oint out to her the folly of what she was doing, and to show her how it was that he should be compiled to do everything that was in his power to oppose her. He did not mean to go to the root of the matter, aa he had done before, when ho was obliged to admit to himself ho had failed ; but to addresb himaelf to the secondary view of the question—to the small prosj>ect there w as of doing any ^ootL But when bo caught her eager, questioning look, her eves growing liouia and bright with emotion, ficr face fufl of restrained anxiety aud hope, Sir Tom's heart smote him. What did sho think he was going to say? Not auythiug al»out money, imirortont as that subject was in their lives—but something far more important, something that touclicd her to tho quick—a revelation upon which her very soul hung. He was startled l>cyond measure by this disclosure. He had thought she did not feel, aud that her heart, unawakencd, had regarded caluily, with uo pain to speak of, tho new state of affairs of which he himself was end paused and swerved mentally aa U i angel had suddeuly stopped into hid way. " It is about—that will of your father's," ho said. Lucy, gazing at him with such hope and expectation, suddenly sank, as iUwere, prostrate in the depth of a disappointment that almost took the life out of her. She did not indeed fall physically or faint, which people seldom do iu momenta of extreme mental suffering. It was only her countenance that fell. Her brightening, beaming, hopeful tace grew blank in a moment; her eyes grew utterly dim, a kind of mist running over them ; a sound—half a sob, half a sigh, came from her breast. She put up her hand, trembling, tosup|>ort her head, which shook too with the quiver that went over her. It took her at l«iat a minute to got over the shock of disappointment Then commanding herself painfully, but without looking at him—which, indeed, she dared uot do—ahc said again, "Yes, Tom?" with a piteous quiver of ber lip. Jt did not make Sir Tom any the loss kind, and full of tender impulses, that he was wounding his wife in the profoundest sensibilities of her heart. In this point the greater does not include tUej It&acv;, He was cruel in the more important matter, without intending it indeed, and from what he considered a fatality, a painful combination of circumstances out ol which he could not esea|>e ; but in the lesser particulars he was kind He iid not bear to see her suffering 0 The quiver in hor lip. tho faUure of the colour of her cheeks, anoctod hiui so that he could scarcely contain himself. "My dear love," he cried, "iny little Lucy! you are not afraid of what 1 am going to say to you These words came to bis lipa naturally, with the affectionate impulse of his kind pahire. But when he had said them, an impulse which was ^rhaps more crafty than loving followed. Quick as thought ho changed his intention, hia purpose, altogether. He could not resist the appeal of Lucy's face j but he slipped instinctively from the more serious question that lay between them, and resolved to sacrifice tho otiher, which was indeed very important, yet! could be treated in an easier way and without involving anything more painful. Sir,Tom was at an age when money has a great value, aud the mere sense of possession is pleasant; and there was a principle involved which he had determined a few weeks ago not to relinquish. But the position in which he found himself placed wae one out of which some way of escape had to be invented at once. " Lucy," he said, " you are frightened ; yoa think I am going to cross you to the matter that lies so near your heart But you mis- take me, my dear. I think I ought to be your chief adviser in that as in all matters. It ia my duty, but I hope you never thought that I would exercise any force upon you to put a stop to—what you thought right." Lucy bad overeomo hereelf, though with a painful effort. She followed with a quivering humility what be was Baying. She acknowledged to herself that this was, indeed, the creflt thiug in her life, and that it was ouly her childishness and foolishness which had made her place other matters in the ohief place. Most likely, she said to herself; Tom was not aware of anything that required explanation : he would never think it possible that she could be so ungracious and unkind as to jjrudgc his guosts their place ia his house. She gathered herself up hastily to meet him when he entered upon the great question which was far more important— which w&s; the only s^re question between them. " 1 know," sne said, " that you wero always kind, Tom. If I did not ask you first it was because" " Wo need not enter upon that, my dear. I was angry, and went too far. At the same time, Lucy, it is a mad allair altogether. Your father, himself had he realized the dilliculty of carrying it out would have seen this. 1 only say so to let you kuow my opinion is unchanged. And you kuow your trustees arc of the same mind. But if you think this is your duty, as I atn sure you do" It seemed to Lucy that her duty had sailed far away from her on some sea of strange distance aud dulncss where she could scarcely keep it in sight. Ucr own very voice seemed strange and dull to her, aud far away, as she said almost mechanically. " 1 do not think it is my duty—to my father ' " 1 am aware that you think so, my lovo. As you get older you will, perhaps, see as I do—that U> carry out the spirit of your father's will would be better thau to follow fro closely the letter of it. But yon are still very young, aud Jook is younger ; and, fortunately, you can afford to indulge a freak of this sort. I bhull let Mr. Kushtim know that 1 withdraw all opposition. And, now, givo me a kiss, and let us forget that there ever was auy .controversy between us—it never went further than a coiiliovcrsy, did it, darling f Sir Turn said. Lucy could not *<poak for the moment. Sho looked uj. into his facc with her eyes all liquid will, tears, and a great confusion in her soul. Was this all ? As he kissed her, and smiled, leaning over her iu the old kind way. with a tenderness that was half-fatherly and indulgent to Jicr weakness, ahc did not seem at all sure w) at it was that had moved like a ghost between liiin and her ; was it iu reality only this—thU aud no more? Sho almost thought so as she looked up into hid kiiul face. Only this. How glad it would havo made her three weeks ago to have his sanction for the thing ahc was so reluctant to attempt— which it was so much her duty to do, which Jock urged with so much pertinacity, and which her father from his grave enjoined. If it affected her but dully now, whose was tho fault? Not Tom's, who was so generously ready to \ield to her, although ho disapproved. When lie returned behind his newspaper oocc more with a kind smile at her, to end the matter, Lucy aat quite still in a curious stunned confusion trying to account for it all to herself. Therecouldbe no doubt, she thought, that it was she who was iu tho wrong. She it was who had created tho cmbf^rassment altogether. He was not even aware of any other causc. It had never occurred to his greater mind that she could be so petty as to fret under the interruption which their visitors hail made in her life. He had thought that the other matter wua the cause of her dulncas and silence, and generously had put an end to it, not by requiring any saunficc from her, but by making one in nis own person. She sat silent, trying to realize all this, but unable to get quite free from the confusion and dimncBS that had invaded her soul. 