FROM OVB. EXCHANGES. The disaffection in Croatia has culminated in an open revolt of the Sclavs against the Austrian Government. The London Times suggests that the British fleet should be strengthened in Chinese waters owing to the Canton dis' turbancea. It has been decided in the House of ords that shareholders in a company ust participate equally in tho dividends without regard to the amount paid up. A poor fisherman of La Paz, in Mexico, has fished up an oyster containing a pearl one and a half inches long by an inch broad. He wants half a million sterling for it. An Imperial ukase calls the annual contingent of '218,000 men under the colors to complete the cadres of the Russian army and navy for 1883 84. James A. Harris, the orange king of lorida, received nearly £13,000 net for his last crop of what journalists delight to call" the luscious fruit." At the present time over 1800 miles of the Canadian Pacific Railway are ready for operation. Eighteen months ago only 400 miles were constructed, An international bycycle and tricycle match has taken place at Bordeaux. The prize was won by a bicyclist who did bowl of 25,000 metres in one hour. A man in Illinois, aged 20, has bis heart upon his right side. Until a year ago he had been in good health, but now he is a confirmed invalid. A frightful gunpowder explosion took place lately at Point Esquimaux, Canada, seven fishermen being seriously injured out of a party of twenty. A discovery of the fossil remains of sixteen human beings in a fair Btate of preservation has been made in a coal-mine at Bully-Grenay, in France. General Thibaudin's bill for the formation of an " Army of Africa" has been finally adopted by the French Council of Ministers. The Massachusetts Senate has passed a bill incorporating a company for the construction of a ship canal through . Cape Cod, with £f»,000,000 of capital. The Governments of Victoria and New South Wales have received a report from scientific experts ad vers, to the use of a new secret gas a6 a means for destroying rabbits wholesale. Earth torpedoes wi probably be used n Switzerland for the purpose of making o asses impregnable. The secret of the aw nvention has been purchased by th ustrian Government t The statistics of the Board of Trad prove that the percentage of British exports to British colonies over those to foreign parts is annually and steadily increasing. Two thousand Chinamen died during the past year in the neighborhood of Victoria, British Columbia, from the effects of sudden change of diet, exposure and accident. The" Albana Missal," was bought by an Englishman in Rome in 1838 for £20, and sold not long afterwards for £700. while its present value ie supposed to be over £10,000. The following notice of motion appears on tho notice paper of the Assembly for Tuesday next:—" Mr Tomkinson will call the attention of the House to the practice of the Advertiser newspaper making currilous and offensive remarks upon t everal honorable members of this House, i and more—That the writer is guilty of contempt of the privilege of thiB House/' d Over 2,000 persons attended a meeting in Sydney, on Wednesday, to discuss the present inequitable and infamous libel law of New South Wales. Many representa tive men were present, and resolutions were unanimously carried declaring the law should be altered, and the powers of judges with respect to contempt of court should be defined by law. Intelligence from Port Mackay, Queensland, states that the labor vessel Lavinia reports the massacre at Apia, on August 25, of Mr Stedman, Government agent, the second mate, and two native bo^i while on a recruiting expedition. . Stedman was an old presopan, ,«nd intimate friend ot.DW*, and we naturally t ioiana of bis nutinidy w* Whampoa, Chang-chow, Woo sung, and Hoi-how are the namou of the uew steamers of the China Navigation Company, to trade between China and Australia. In a review of Darwin's " movements of plants," quoted l<y a country exchunge, the results o£ Darwin's pnti-nt and exhaustive study of plant iii.: in sl.itcl to be the discovery of the two laws which almost without an exception govern the growth of plants—namely, the upward and lateral growth caused by the search after light, and the downwards underground growth resulting from the search after darkness. Equally interesting, more novel to most readers, is the expjanation that the so-called sleep of plants is not a sleep in the ordinary sense of the word, but is simply the way in which leaves and flowers arrange themselves in a change, not of light but of temperature, for the protection of the upper surface of the leaves from being chilled by radiation. A handsome young married woman, residing on Soldiers' Hill, who, though she has been married for two or three years, has not yet been blessed with the joy6 of maternity, has felt her misfortune so keenly that she recently developed a strange form of eccentricity. Some weeks Ance she purchased a large doll, dressed it so as to make it appear as like the genuine article as possible, and then on a fine day wheeled it about in a perambulator with evident pride. When a visitor happened to arrive she would whisper, " Don't make a noise, or you'll wake the baby." The waxbaby is constantly an object «f great attraction, and appears to afford the young married woman consolation for the absence of the living article in her housebold.—Ballarat Courier. It is evident (says the Australasian) that Bishop Moorhouse entertains a different idea of the intellectual .value of newspapers from that professed by the Rev Mr Buchanan. In addressing the Church of England Sunday-school Association the other day he took occasion to impress on teachers the necessity, if they desired to keep in contact with real conditions and real requirements, to study the newspapers in which the conditions and needs of the day are reflected. He advised the teacher to " keep a book for suitable newspaper cuttings of the present day, a6 they supplied the materials for hundreds of lessons." And he added—" The Bishop of Manchester found the matter for the whole of his public addresses in the newspapers, and he was one of the mes successful speakers in England. Of course the speeches were marked with the stamp of his own energetic and practical mind, but the paragraph furnished them in the first instance." Unless we are much mistaken Bishop Moorhouse might have cited his own practice and example as illustrating the way in which newspapers might be usefully turned to account sources of knowledge of actual facts, and ample enlargment6 of individual experience. The Bishop shows by his intimate acquaintance, not only with facts, but with drift of thought and shades of opinion, how closely he reads his newspaper, and how much he derives from it. And shows, too, that he reads it, not in the spirit of a carping enemy, with the desire to discover something to disparage and cavil at, but as a friend from whom he has learned much, and expects every day to leara more. This is how the Contemporary speaks of he poor in England:—"The admirably logical social life that religiously shutB all the museums and picture galleries on the Lord's day, and opens all the gin shopB ; that i6 never tired of iterating that the proper sphere of woman is home, and brings up it6 20,000 female orphans in large pauper barracks, ifrom which the last touch of home life lias disappeared ; that goes to meetings and loudly preaches thrift to the people, and then gruffly whispers in their ear by guardians of the poor : ' Only be drunk and spendthrift enough, and we will house you and provide for your old agethat goes to church and preaches that the body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, and leaveB the people to litter down like pigs at night— men and women, girls and boys together, in tenements where no rich man would think of stabling his horses : that goes to school and teaches its children the three R's and leaves them in dens of infamy to learn a fourth R, by every sight and sound of the day and night, ruin of body and soul; that virtuously declaims against the harlot, yet leaves its little girls to be brought up in brothels ; that believes a fatal disorder is undermining the national health, and shuts the door of its hospitals against it, and denies it the public means of cure ; that legally protects the heiress up to 21, and refuses to protect the poor man's daughter even at sixteen from the trade of vice : that holds that the man is the responsible bead of the woman, and throws the blame and disgrace on the woman— leaves abundant cause to complain of the methods of our moral life." Now then, you o e s i h c who claim that religion supports civilisa tion, and strews our paths with flowers, tell UB what you think of this 1 We are a moral people. We paid £20,000,000 to liberate the West Indian niggers," and while the slave-trade flourished in the Southern States, we employed cruisers on the west coast of Africa to rescue the "miserables" from the horrors of the middle passage. Strong protests are sent to the French authorities to induce them to keep their criminals at iiome, instead of placing them within a week's sail of the Australias. All this and more has been done, so that the following from tho Perth Inquirer, apropos of the aboriginal prisoners confined in the island f Rottnest, (suggestive name) W.A-, is pt to ruffle our complacency :—" Poor retches, suddenly removed from ropical climate, to be confined on a cold spray-beaten island, situated one thous and miles south of their own district have been attacked by an epidemic from the effects of wbich they have been dying off like fluke-rotted sheep. What has been the state of- these afflicted prisoners, thus struck down by the ravages of a cruel disease engendered by the effect upon their systems of an, to them, unnaturally cold and humid climate ? They have been housed like pigs, they have been treated worse than dogs. Lying in their own filth, from which they were too weak to even crawl, insufficiently clad, improperly fed, without the necessary skilled medical attendance, they have died—died under conditions of indescribable horror, which ought to bring down the vengeance of their Maker upon the heads of those whose callous neglect has allowed such a state of things to occur. Even when dead he poor wretches are not at rest. There s a burial-ground on the island, in which the bodies of the dead are buried eep enough only for the earth to little more that cover them. There are pigs on the island alBO ; the gate of the cemetery is more frequently open than shut, the pigs are allowed to roam about, and—but we will not disgust the public by entering into any more details." There. The questions that spring unbidden to the lips are : " Can these abominations be true, Bnd—if wholly or partly so—who iB responsible?" Nor will the feelings of surprise and disgust with which men will receive these revelations be allayed until both questions are fullj answered. The story is a hideouB one. It is as hell-like TbeTnoallAf OL^SJ^BT^ wiitten^in " Sis Natural Life," oontain nothing more bamblc. 