CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MISSION OF TASMANIA. WEDNESDAY MORNING, MARCH 7. Session opened at 10 o'clock. :Presoiit-Rev. C. triceo (clairmAn), Rove. J. Nisbot, J. M. Bayloy, W. Law, D. B. Tinnieg, J. Bonnett, J. J. Collier, U. Coombs, J. W. Simmons, Messrs. J. E. Saleir, Pidise, S. Scott, E. Dickins, Kingston, T. Lane, Spong, R. Kidd, Philp, J. Withrington, T. EdgintJn, F. L. Fysh, H. Button. Rev. U. Coombsoffered prayer. The Secretary proposed that the minutes of last year's proceedinge as printed in the annual report be received as read. Rev. J. Bennett said before that roso lution was put he desired to draw atten tion td some matters contained in last year's reports. The Chairman drew Mr. IBennott's atltentio to the fact that the resolution simply affirmed that the printed report wae a correct record of the proceedings. The resolution was then carried. CiHIRMAN'S AODDRESS. Rev. J. Nisbet proposed-" That the thanks of this session be given to the Chairman, Rev. C. Price, for his able ad dress delivered last evening." Rev. J. W. Simmons seconded. Rev. U. Coombs spoke of the pleasure he experienced in listening to the able, clear, and appro priate address. The resolution was then unanimously adopted, and Mr. Price re turned thanks. REV. J. J. COLLIER,. Rev. J. W. Simmons proposed-"That the Rev. J. J. Oollier, who had lately accepted the charge of the church at the Don, be received and associated with this Union." Rev. J. Bennett seconded, and Rev. W. Lawsaupported the resolution. A letter of commendation from the Victorian Union was put in and read. The resolution was then unanimously carried. A letter was read from the Secretary of the Y.M.C.A., inviting the ministers and delegates to make free use of the rooms of the Association during their stay in Launceston.--To be acknowledged with thanks. REPORTS. The Secretary (Rev. J. W. Simmons) read the following report: Report of Executive Committee. Mr. Preideont and Gentlemen of the Council, -Since the. last session of the general Council there have been 13 meetings of the Executive Committee, with an average attendance of seven members at each meeting. On thce 5th of December the Rev. W. C. Robinson intimated his acceptance of the pas torate of the church at North Shore, Sydney, and consequently resignation of office as secore tary of the Union. The ienmbers present expressed their regret at losing the services of one who had lield otlice for more than 10 years, and unanimously agreed to the following resolu tion :--" That this Committee learn with much regret that they are to be deprived of tihe valuable services cf the Rev. W. C. Robinson; that in accepting his resignation of the offttice of secretary to the Union, they desire to express their sense of the diligent and oflicient way in which he has performed its duties, and that feeling the lose the colony will suffer by his removal, they wish for him large success in the neow field he is about to occupy. The Com mittee very earnestly commend Mir. Robinson to the sympathy and confidence of the Congre gational Churches in Now South Wales, and pray that when the Chief Shephered shall appear he may receive the crown of glory." A copy of this resolution was forwarded to the Committee in Sydney. Mr. Simmons was requested to fill the vacancy, and consented to do so upo o the annual meeting. During the last session of Parliament the Public Trusts Act became law. Possibly its provision may be available to Congregational. ists both as a Union and in parts. The question, however, is of great importance, and worth the careful consideration of the Council. Correspondence will be submitted from the Secretary of the Union in New South Wales, inviting delegates to an intercolonial conference to be lheld in Sydney next May. The invitation has been accepted, leaving the Council to ap point representatives, and under the impression that the churches here would not like the Con grcgationalists of a distant colony to pay the travelling expenses of gentlemen from Tasmania. According to promise, a deputation from the Committee visited Bream Creek and met with cheering evidences of the useful work done by Mir Coombs in that portion of his largo district. A deputation was a'so arranged to visit the Hluon churches, but unexpected dilliculties at the last moment prevented the accomplishment of a settled purpose. The value of an occasional visit to country churches leads to the hope of some systematic effort during the coming year. The position of mission property, trust deeds, Chapel Building Society, and provident funds will be submitted to the Council in duoe order. In this summary the dictum of Arch bishop Whetely is not forgotten :-"No Christian, and no particular church owes obe dience to the Universal Church of which it is a part. There is not, and there never was, since the Apostles' time, any such body existing as could claim such obedience. The catholic church on earth is not one society, but is one, just as the human race is one." Mr. H. Button reoad the report of the Northern Committee as follows . Report of Northern C"ommittee. In accordance with the resolution adopted at the last meeting of this Union we assemble to day somewhat earlier than has hitherto been the custom-namely, in the week succeeding the first Sunday in March. This was done to suit the convenience of many of our friends en gaged in business who have found it very awk ward, and in soma cases impossible, to leave their hlomes at the close or beginning of a quarter. It is hoped that the wisdom of this step will be shown more ond more each year by a larger attendance at our annual gatherings and increased interest in their proceedings. On this occasion those of us who reside in Launcesaton give a hearty and loving welcome to friends who are visiting us from north and south. It is thus we are enabled to look over the hedges that mark elf our individual churches, and to realiso the fact that though we are independentto tihe fullest extent of the term in our internal organisations and methods, we are all hound by common ties, glory in the same traditions, are animated by thie same hopes -are one in Chlrist Jesus. liay the spirit of our common Master brood over all our delibera tions, and govern all our actions rwhilst we are thus associated togctleer, so tlhat niall may be re freshed and strengthened for renewed effort. As a denonmination we are increasing in numbers and influeace,.but probably not to such an extent as we might do if each moenber realised more fully his own personal responsi bility. There is ueequestionably a tendeecy to neglect duty-to leave the care and labour that inevitably attach to our varied agencies, not to those who are necessarily better qualified or have more leisure, but to those who are perhaps more willing to do the work. This is not the spirit that makes noble men or vigourous causes, nor is is tihat which will secure the Master's approval. Yet in spite of all there is progress, and advantage will be taken of the presence of ministerial and lay brethren from other parts of tie colony on tlis occasion to formally place the foundation stone of anothier Congregational church in this town, which, in addition to the lerge amount of accomnmoldation it will afford, will also possess considerable arshitectural beauty. Changes have taken place in our North-West Coast churches. Il Juno last the Rev . . Riding resigned the pastorate of the Don and Formby Churches, and shortly afterwards left tle colony. About the same time the Rev. E. Steggall severed his connection with thie Forth andLeven chuchers. Thie great dillnulty, if not impossibility, of adequately sustainiug two ministers in which districts, though pro. greasing, are at present hut sparsely populated in the main by struggling settlers, was thus forced upon the attention of those churches. It had been foreseen and pointed out long before by this Committee, aed at a moeeting hold in July, after very carefully considering the ques tion, the Committee determined to recommend the ciurches named to unite in sustaining one minister for thie present who should conduct services at each as might be most convenient. A meeting of delegates from all tihe churcbes named was held at thie Forth on 1st August, when the recommendtion of thie Committee was favourably received, and it was ultimelely adopted, a scheme haeing been ngreed to fixing the amount each church slouled contribute. Subsequently to this, however, the Formby church withdrew fromn the arrangement and associated itself with Latrobe church. At the request of the otler three churches the com mittee endeavoured to obtain for them a pastor, and hlaving heard of the Roev. J. J. Collier, entered into correapondence with that gently man, which led to his visiting the coast towards the end of October. MIr. Collier preached at all three churches, and received an invitation to become their pastor which hIe naccepted and commenced his regular duties in December. Unfortunately, not knowing the precise time of his arrival on the coast the Committee were not able to take part in Mir. Collier's recogni tioe services, but at their first meeooting after wards, held on 18th January of the prescnt year, thile following resolution was passed unanimously and a oopy forvardedl tothl reverend gentleman :- " This Committee having heard that the Rov. J. J. Colliorhals undertaken and entered upon thie pastoral charge of the N.W. Coast churches, cordially welcomes him to his new sphere, anod trusts that he may be spared for many years of pleasant and useful labour in that part of the Lord's vineyard." These churches were for about five months without a pastor, and under such circumstances it may be supposed that MIr. Collier would have to undertake a good deal of hard work demand ing much prudence rind patience, hence he has been unable to furnish any information for this report, preferring to await the result of his first year's labours. Ho will ineed encourage. ment. One very important work the friends at the Forth are anxious to accomplish, namely, to remove the church into theo middlo of the township of Hamilton on to a convenient site liberally given by James Smith, ]Esq.; of WVestwood. This will involve an expenditure of nearly £150, and the people stretch out their hands for help to friends whose affluence may enable them to carry out what a generous sympathy may dic tate. Another year has passed, but the Committee regret that they have not been able to make provision for carrying the Gospel message to any of our mining centres. The funds at their disposal are altogether inadequate for that pur pose, and they feel that it would be unwise to commence in a way that would invite a dis astrous defeat. . Our-churches lack to a lament= able extent the true missionary spirit, but this will be poured down upon them in answer to importunate, believing prayer. Our various preaching stations near Lounces ton have been supplied as usual, and it is due to the friends at ltosovalo to mention that at their church and school anniversary heold on Now Year'd Day the sum of £15 was collected and paid to the Troasurerof the Union. This amount assuredly represents much self- sacrifice which is always well-pleasing to Him who ap. praised at an infinitely higher value the widow's mites than the heaps of gold ostentatiously poured into the Temple treasury. The reports of both treasurers were also read. Rev. J. Law proposed-" That the re ports and treasurers' statements be adopted." Seconded by Mr. Edginton. Rev. J. Bennett took exception to statements contained in the northern report respecting the churches on the North-West Coast. After solue discussion the motion was adopred. PUBLIC TRUST ACT. The Secretary drew attention to the fact that a Public Trust Act had boon passed during the last session of Parlia. ment, and suggested the appointment of a committee to consider the desirable. neos to take such stops as are necessary to incorporate the Union under such act; he proposed that such committee consist of Revas. Clarke, Nisboet, Law, Simmons, Messrs. EJ.Button, S. Scott, andF. Picsso. Seconded by Mr. Scott. Mr. F. Piossoproposed as an amendment -" That the Committee be requested to consider the matter, and report at the next annual meeting of the Union." This was seconded by Rev. J. M. Bayley, but the amendment having been adopted by the mover and seconder of the motion it was passed in that form. CONOREGATIONAL JUBILEE IN SYDNEY. C The following letter was road from the Congregational Union of New South Wales : Gentlomens,-As you are probably already aware, special meetings will be held in May C next, in Sydney, under the auspices of our Union, to celebrate the jubilee of the introduc tion of Congregationalism into Australia (not a Australasia), the present Pitt-street Church I having been formed in MIay, 1833, and conse quently being the first Congregational Church formed in this vast continnt. t We feel that on such an occasion as this meet logs should be held of no ordinary character, such indeed as will give an impetus to our donomination through all the colonies. We purpose therefore holding meetings in which questions relating to the common interest of all our churches will have due prominence, and to which we cordially invite ministerial and lay dolegates from all parts of Australasia. We1 now write to ask you to kindly co-operate with us in this matter by securing the attendance of delegates from your colony. Wo shall be glad to son any whom you may be pleased to appoint to represent you and will furnish accommodation for them during their sojourn in Sydney; but lest the pecuniary utlay shbould prove a hindrance to any, I am authorised to state that we will gladly bear the travelling expenses of five delegates from Tas mania. iVe have decided to hold the meetings from May 15th to 23rd inclusive, and as we wish to oelect from all delegates appointed those who will take a mbro prominent part in the meet hings, we urge you to forward as early as possible the names of those likely to attond.--I remain, geutlemen, yours sincerely, G. G. Hows.Nc, lion. Secretary, Congregational Union, New South TWales. Burwood, February 15th, 1883. Resolved -" That the invitation from Sydney be accepted, and that delegates be appointed to represent this Union." Proposed by Rev. D.1 Tinning, and seconded by Mr. Edginton-" That the Roev. C. Price, J. W. Simmons, Geeo. Clarke, J. Nisbet, W. Law, and D. Tinning be appointed as deolgates.-0arried." CIu1tcH BUILDINO SOCIETY. Mr Withrington presented the report of the Church Building Society as fol lowsa - Report of the Congregational schurcio Buddling Fund for the year ending Gth March, 1883. In presenting their report the officers regret that they are once more compelled to express their disappointment at the indifference dis played by our churches with respect to this matter. At several annual meetings of the Union rec solutions have been passed requesting the assist. ance of the churches, but those resolutions have been practically ignored. At our last annual meeting it was recommended to the several churches -" That one collection be made each year in aid of the Church Building Fund," and although circulars have been sent to each church, not one has responded to the appcenl. Tie small increase that has been made to the fund during the year has thus been, not the result of the contributions of the many, but the subscriptiors of a few of our number who have been personally waited on by the secretary. taed the churches during the past four years cormplied with the requests emaonating from this Union. the fund would have been to-day one of sueh dimensions as to have been of practicnl usefulness. As it is, it is only within the post few days that thie amount of the fund ihas reached £200. It is proposed to temporarily invest this sum, and it is ioped that during the year now commenced our churches will give proof that they can and do sympathiso with a project lwhich is for tie goodl of the denomina tion as a whole, by instituting an annual collection on behalf of the Church Building Society. If this is done by each obhroh the funds will be at once sensibly augmented, the hands of your officers strengthened, propeir respect will have been shown to the repeated recommendations of this Union, snd what is more important than all, the henificent operations of tlhe Society can be entered uplon with an assuranco that year by year the Society will have an increasingrevenue, and can, therefore, render increasing aid when. ever a good case for nassistanco is mtade out. 4 list of subscribers and the Treasurer's statement is appended hereto. In accordance with rule 7 it will be necessary for the Council to appoint eon. secretary, assistant secretary, and treasurer. J.. WrITn INco ON, Hen. Secretary. iV. R. GrnLrN, Treasurer. Report received and adopted. RtEGISTRATION OF TRUSTS. Mr F. Please read a report of the state of trusts of the various soutlhern churches in connection with the Union. The report was received and adopted, and a hearty vote of thanks was given to Mr Piesse, and he was requested to continue his in vestigations during the comirg year. The report was remitted to the Committee of Public Trusts for their consideration in detail. The Council thuen adjourned. AFTERNOON SITrrNG. Session opened at 3 p.m. Rev. 0. Price took the chair. Rev. J. J. Collier offered prayer. Minutes of morning's session read and affirmed. IrINISTERSI PROVIDENT FOND. Mr. James Saler presented the annual report of the Ministers' Provident Fund, with return of debentures in ]and. Report received and adopted. WIDOWS P'UND. ir Scott presented report of the Widowe' and Orphans' Fund, which was received and adopted. CEMEITERY FUND. Mr Saloer read balancesheoot in con. nection with tihe Daey-street Cemetery property. Report adopted. ANNUAL RHEPORT. RNov. J. W. Simmons spoke of the de sirablenesso of altering the present form of thie printed annual report, and publishinr it more in the form of a year book. Rev. J. Bennett proposed-" That the Southern Committee be requested to con sider the matter, and report at the next Union meeting." Seconded by Rev. W. Law, and carried. The printing of the reports of the present session was left to the secretaries arid Chairmdn. Rev. J. W. Simmons propoded-"That it be recommended to the various churches that they should pay the assurance pre mium on their ministers' life policies." Seconded by Mr. Scott, and carried. REV. J. BENNETr'S MOTION. Mr. Bennett entered upon a long expo silion of the fundamental principles of Congregationalism, complaining of the interference of the Northern Committee with the churches under his charge, and concluded by asking for a committee to investigate the matter. Mr. Coombs suggested the appointment of such committee, while expressing his complete confidence in the Northern .Cornmittee. Mr..Fyah pointed out that this course had already been adopted, and that several hours had been devoted to it for two days, and resulted in the action of the Committee being sustained. After considerable discussion it was proposed by Mr. Tinning, and seconded by Mr. Coombs-" That Mr. Bennett be requested not to bring the matter before tihe Union again." Carried, Rev. J. Bennett protesting against the resolu tion. Rev. J. Nisbet proposed-" That a form of bequest in respect to the different funds should be printed in the annual report of the Union." Seconded by Rev. J. M. Bayley, and carried. Votes of thanks were given to the ofliceors of the various allied societies for the past year's services, and they were re-appointed for the coiming year. The Southern Committee were also re appointed as last year. Rev. J. M. Bayley was appointed Chairman; Rev. U. Coombs, preacher; and Rev. J. W. Simmons, secretary. The Northern Committee were re appointed, substituting Mr. H. Ridge for Mr. T. Ridge. IEETING NEXT YEAR. Rev. W. Law proposed that the Union mooeeting be held next year in Launceston about the timoeeof opening Prince's Square new church. This was agreed to. A hearty vote of thanks was given to the friends of Launceston for their kind hospitality. After a few closing remarks the Chair. man pronounced the benediction. EVENING MEETING. The sermon to the Union was preached in Prince's Square Church, by Rev. J. W. Bayley, thle preliminary exercises being conducted by Rev. U. Coombs. There was a good attendance, and Miss Button presided at the organ. The preacher took as his text - "Then had the churches rest," etc. He spoke of the cruel persecution of the early Christians ; the cessation of that persecution for a while, and the rapid increase of the church. Two facts were stated :-(1) The churches were edified; (2) and they multiplied. He then showed the causes thereof. Rest from persecution had a good deal to do with it. We have such rest. Have we internal rest 7 There could be no success where strife exists. The causes were twofold. let. " The churches walked in the fear of the Lord ;" lived holy, happy, self-denying lives which spoke more powerfully than their words. 2nd. " They walked in the comfore of the Holy Ghost." Human means were very necessary but usoless without Divine energy. If our churches walk in the fear of God success is certain; if not thus living no success can be achieved. Mr. Bayloy concluded by urging all to full consecration to God. After singing and prayer a communion service was hoeld conducted by the Chair man, Rev. J. Nisbet delivering an address. This meeting concluded tihe 1883 session of the Union. 