Oxe of tbe Etock arguments trotted out bvthe Premier in favor of turniiig over eleven or twelve million acres of Queensland soiljto a juncta of foreign adventurers, is, that tlie big syndicate will operate as a check on the numerous smaller associations of tbe same kind, among wbicb the colony is virtually parcelled out. Speakers of limited re search, who have made the propagation of the gospel according to St. Thomas the work of their lives, are still in doubt whether we are being sucked dry by an ' octopus ' or an ' octagon.' On one point odIv there is no dispute ; that is, as to the fact of our being sucked. This assumption is taken for granted by politicians of the most diverse com plexion with a charming unanimity that portends the truth. And tliey are I right. Queensland is, in sober fact, the vile corpus on which the daughter of the horse-leech is for ever trying experiments in depletion. So thoroughly and unresistingly is the colony in thraldom to the horse-leech intc-reEt, that every pulsation is noted and controlled by the bibulous annelid, or. to use another simile, the (web that holds the victim is of so complex and sensitive a texture, that every struggle, every movement is telegraphed auto matically to the remotest end of each individual thread. There is, accord ingly, a vast deal of sound common sense in the terrorist plea for the big syndicate which is meant to swallow up tbe lesser ones, or, at any rate, to pro mote modesty and self-abnegation among them by its own shining example. When the eagle sails forth after prey, the kite and jc-r-falcon make them selves scarce. The hiss of the boacon strictor is the signal for all smaller rep tiles to retreat to their holes. There is, however, in the argument this extra ordinary, not to say startling feature, that it is too complete. The impar tiality that pervades it is superhuman. The old saying of Satan reproving sin still finds a modern echo here and there, if we will but listen attentively. To set up a puppet of straw for the pur pose of knocking it down again, is a stale trick of dialectic art ; but to raise a genuine ghost, in order to use it for a ' bogie,' is a conception almost sub lime in its audacity. It might he worth while to contemplate more closely some of those wicked syndicates whose machinations are as subtle and wide spread as to cai 1 for no less a panacea than the Kimijcii contract. Let us examine them in detail, and see whether it be not possible to strike the key-note to their Protean developments. To begin with that true ' autocrat of the breakfast-table,' the Banking Interest. In the Queensland National Bank, with an unapproachable directory of three, including Sin in n i:h Palmkii and the late Postmaster-General, we have all the elements of a true syndi cate. Although professing nominally to be incorporated under the Com panies Act of lW.i, the proportion of shares held by members of the Ministry and their friends and supporters is so largo, and the share-list generally so ill-balanced, that the small fry of shareholders can exercisc little or no control on the affairs of tbe bank, and tbe directory are virtually irresponsible, and do exactly as they please. Promi nent ou the share-list figures the name of Sir TnoitAS M'li.wn.u jn, and Mr. E. H. Dnuny, his very particular friend, now iu England, occupies the comprehensive post of general manager, 1 a function which docj not seem to iu- ' terfere with bis exertions on behalf of tbe Transcontinental syndicate, of wbicb bo is likewise an active member. It is more than rumored that somo of the founders of tbe Bank bold the shares taken up by them on easier terms than cash payment, and that their connection with certain stations owned by tho Bank (Prou's Almanac enumerates 22 principal or bead stations as belonging to the Q.N. Bank) is to be accounted for on similar accommodating principles. In near alliance with the National Bank is tho Queensland Investment and Land Mortgage Company, with Sir Thomas M'Ilwhaitii, bis brother-in-law Sir A. Palsiee, and Mr. E. li. Dbvbv, onits directory, tlie reuiaimug director being the Hon. F. H, Ham, who is also the third director of the Queensland National Bank. This company owns eleven principal or bead stations iu Queensland, and in conjunction with its alter ego, the National Bank, is able to exercise a preponderant influence on pastoral affairs. Another strong pas toral syndicate, iu which the Premier is directly interested, is the North Aus tralian Pastoral Company. It owns eight principal or head stations, princi pally in the Kennedy District, besides a block of 7000 acres of sugar lands in the Burdekiu Delta. There is also the 'Western Queensland Pastoral Com pany, owning Bureuda and Angellala iu the Warrego, and Amby Junction iu the 3Iitchell District, with probably others concerning which information is not readily accessible ; and the Darling Downs and Western Land Company, owning six first-class stations, including Jimbour near Dalby. In one or both of these the Premier holds largo interests. He is also directly interested in a recently floated Scottish Mining Com pany (Mount Perry, Cloncurry, and elsewhere) and in tbe Queens laud Freezing and Export Com pany, Bowen. Indirectly, be is concerned in the amalgamated firm of PAituunr, LAitB, and Raff, as well as in tbe Torres Straits Mail service, which is nominally under contract to the British India Steam Navigation Com pany, but in reality to M'lr/WBAiTir, M'Eaciiaiix and Co. The true owner ship of the contract, we here paren thetically observe, has been more than once put to tbe test by the settlement of the claims of shippers under threat of legal proceedings, through the local agents of the ubiquitous Scotch firm, who in fact have the whole of our immigration and threefourths of our trade with the mother country in their bands. Through PAitiiURr, Lamb, ami Kaff, Sir Thomas M'lLTvniiTn is further connected with the Queensland Steam Shipping Company, and the Scot tish line of immigrant vessels, and in conjunction with other members of Lis family he privately owns the fine squatting property of Gin Gin, now rendered immensely valu able by railway connection with Bun daberg. 'We thus see in all directions the M'li/wnAiTn interest overshadowing the land, it is scarcely possible to pricK any Queensland interest, without draw ing M'lLWHAiiurAi.- blood. Under such circumstances the declamation that has been vented against the evils of syndi cacy, and the homoepathie method of cure proposed by means of a bigger syndicate than them all — in which Sir Thojias is said to be indirectly interested — reads like a grim mockery of the con fiding simplicity of our population. From the business point of view of an eminently practical age, iu which suc cess alone is worshipped, nothing can be more creditable to the Premier — as a private individual — than the energy and ' push' by means of which be baa con trived to insinuate himself into all the most promising undertakings for the thorough exploitation of the resources of the colony. The objection is that a man so situated should have been enabled by the enjoyment of a pro tracted lease of power — power most unscrupulously used — to fasten his grip on the various channels of wealth with such tightness as to lay a considerable portion of the colony, and with it the liberty and independence of its inhabi tants, under contribution. And when the objection is met by representing such an insult to common-senBO as the Kimjjeu contract in the light of a panacea for abuses which the proposer himself is largely responsible for, it is high time that a change be effected in the disposition of the political chess-board. There is now no longer any difficulty in understanding the reluctance of the Premier to quit office ; but in propor tion as the reasons for such reluctance multiply, so must all true Queensland ers long for the day when one who has managed to feather his nest so well shall yield the reins of office to less versatile — and less grasping — bands. 