UPPElZ iAPFRA. (rnowr ia owei s oonnosorovce.) Saturday, October 20. ! Tle subjctioftthle:Heyfield railway is bound, liki ".Hamlet's Ghost,. to again erop up, not only to appal thise who are antagonistic to its vicinity, but likewise to cheer' the liheartsio 'thise who cani aiprioiatoe sptedycodsiniunica tion, its advantagei, and note withiscea-" tainty,tlhe dial of continuous moral and oiiard progress. .As I have ever bloii a-" strong' advocato .,off"ho ..power.of steam and electricity, ainl approve .of its utility being.brought into. the in most receaasesof our Colonial E.mpire! The above denonstration will be hailed with delight by all seinsible people? Of late tiero lia ieenp strong' antagonis tid fr ing' 'btwo Zithe~rop sed, lines, whicli way the "grand trunk Bairns. dale n.line,"should take., U.;ii mountain bound line being, as fi consider, somwa what snubbed liy ouendeading i in bs that contiuuous agitation, was actually' necessary to awaken up :the residents of this-district to;a sense of thie dutyi that devolved upon them, to start out' of tlheir.:!lehargic sleep and demon.i strate theirdissatisfaction of the dovia' tion? liino. Numerousn petitions, and delegates have been forwarded'to the' Minister of R.ailways, from" Onieo to Glenmaggle, praying,, that[ the. lint might be carried as originally intepided by way of Upper Maffra. The latent feeling thus aroused, met with' a rel sponse by the Hon. Minister `of 'Rail! ways orderinga Iflyigg rsprivey of the district, ?and thisowas accomplished last Tlihuiray and Friday by, the Goverin. ment', surveyor, ,Mr Mactin. Thil gentlcman arrived at thei honiestead, of. D. Manson,~ who courteously infoi ined lis cocoinimitteeoiaii,. Mr. D. Olyne, of his arrival. A cavalcade of gentlemen was promptly formlied coip sisting of- Messrs. Manson, Clyný,, Shanklin, M'Iinia andBoland,' wlho' first proceeded to insiect the pribposed: route, commencing at the south-wedt end corner of ;,Mr. ILLacl?lan's property and Blor'sa Hill, along the direct nud' leve'lroal 'to Alick's Downfall:;, at thi point, the span over the river bleing gained, the party retraced their steps, to Hagan's Bridge, where Messrs. Man son' and Boland left: the party,;the. latter gentleimain's 1iisilon of shoiviig, the distriotof-Tinamba ;having; ended. Mr. Olyne drove the surveyor to the West- end school hohita road;lbading it the .River;Macalister on the Upper talffraside. ,,Tle lready/good Sit ¶or, the fdrioatioi iofa, "line oftrraiiay ,1was surveyed, and the flying visit was con. tintied pi to Oromb's "Hill anid along the three chaih ='oad to the Reoreatio. ground reserve ;,the, proprosed route to the left of this par. of the counry, was. abaidoied; :being considercd hby, the surveyor is too: broken country, at the reserve ; it was generally admit ted as being ivYer ydedirable:pobiit for the forination of Junction line, uon necting Maffra ass.i Sale withl the Bairisdale' line. Ti?. day' being now, sperit, 'theli parties returned to their homes. It. was agreed that Mr Dr Dlyne should havethe honor of escort ing Mr. Surveyor Martin the. following morning to Briigoloibg;:tliere to niect Miessrs. Forbes, Wuillemin, and other 'interested gentloinetsl 'tip Mr.. Olyne. isuceCiasfuly;accofiipllfed'§it 'It ,asinot possible to apprise : the Briagolong: gentlemen of theintinded visit of.Mr. Martin.,' Howei-v&fMr.; Forbes kindly took the duty of pointing out the re, quirements of the district to the, 'sur veyor, wvho de;r0 fars tesli. p be.aeeij tained approved of the feksmbilitylof 'the route. The community of this district have to thank Mr. Manson for' the courtesy in aflbrding them the oppor tunity of0 showing the,esurvsyorl the. route they advocate for the line to,pass; they however regret that the Hon. the Oommissioner of ijlways rdidl not af ford' them the' desired., inforoation ; wereit not for the disintorested action oftMr Manson, Mr... Surveyor Martin would have been left alone to find' out the several routes. I shall now glance at the :survey That, it, is. most,favorable, cannot he denied, whilst: carrying out the grand. trunk propasod line in its original in tegrity,'it does full' justice to MnfaFa, andtwould avoid the hnriing, agitation of different partips, ' the' good lands 'would escape being out up, Briagolong satisfied, and' the large agrioultural area represented. Sale would, by this route have communication with Matira andiBainusdale, and the.suhoihil 'policy of haviog a line via Stratford, avoided, 'he parallel.lines, ouJ4 .tlhus hbe mat rially extolne de idhtaie line fiorilnodi upon a broad and histing basin ;tlius in onbo word wi' lia? soimethig mnore thanl self-interest to look to-the gene ral welfare of : tlio colony at heart- this should be tlin aiilof Ill true patriots. Dilleronces of opinion may exist,;brains may lio coiisidered cracked-'l r..those who look at tlid iigswith' a crooked' ?ye intellect muddl]il, but 'tl?y certainlly lieat iiith thli expansion of a future in. sighi of wliat is right;?siid! ofi':wlinat is wrong. 