THE FEONTIEESOF MADNESS. (Front tho Spectator.) Pr. Ball linn doliverrd a lecfuro recently nt Paris, on " 'lita Frontiers ot Madness," a frontiorland on which lie appears to think that a vast number of us, who never cross tho frontier, habitually reside. Apparently, however, Dr. Ball, liko most physicians who huvo given their minds to this subject, hus not applied any very satisfactory test of deviation from right reason, since ho soeuiB to regard nny kind of irregularity of impression, whether yielded to or not yielded to by the will, whether tested or not tested by tho intellect, a danger-signal pointing to somo inclination of tbo constitution towards inndness. Thus, ho regards all eccen- trics us on tho coniinos of madness, and yet expressly admits that in this borderland havo dwelt a great many of tho creativo minds which havo Wt their mark on their nge, and by their creative activity "hive saved nations, where they havo not ruined thom." Thia seems to ua a very rough and blundering sort of analysis. 'You might almost ns well class a man who, becauno bis optic nervo is wholly destroyed, cannot sso what olbor people soo, os dwelling on tho border- land of insanity, as class iimongst the insano a man who, becrvuso kif!'optic nervo is irritable and morbidly active, socs phantasmagoria which ho knows to bo illusions, and dis- misses calmly ns illusions, ofter looking out for tho tests which discriminate theso misleading visinns of his from tho objects which ho seos in common with other people. Surely thc- tessi, not merely of insanity, but of an approach to in- sanity, is not to bri found in aiiy degroo in tho tenses of mau, wbichuro frequently doranged by del ects wholly unconnected with any deficiency of common sense, but in ibo judgment. Wo should say that, any man who is daily íiiiojueigingiiieiro and more tho weight to bo assigned to bis own impressions, whother of things inward or things outward, is approaching that borderland ; while n man who to himself appears to hear «nd seo what no ono olso hears and secs, but retains bis absoluto control over tho significance, or rather appreciates fully tho insignificance, of those impressions, as grounds for inferenco or action, is not approaching that frontier at all. Wo should.think it a far moro serious symptom of disturbed reason that a man'» vanity ia' becoming intudinato, that ho attaches moro und moro importance overy year to his own thoughts and actions as compared with the thoughts and actions of tho rest of tho world, than wo nhould that ho saw visions liko Lalorgno do Savigny, woll knowing them to bo illusive, sinco they annoyed him so much that ho preferred living in tho dark, to being tormented by thom in tho light. Of course, tho very fact that Lulorinj do Savigny at- tached so much importance to what bo knew to bo illusions, that ho cut himself off from ull tho advantages . which tho li::ht bringo with it, in order to av*id sceiog theso visions, was itself a much more .unhealthy sign thun the mero facto' scoing them, for tho former indicated a disturbed judgment: and, as wo main- tain, it is tho degroo in which tho judgment is disturbed which measures tbonpproach to insanity. But thon, tho irritation felt against tho illusive appearance is not, in our opinion, hnlf 60 dangerous a sigu of disturbed judgment as a rapid growth of self-irupoitaneo which tends to extinguish all duo appreciation of tho weight to bo attached to other and sounder judgments. You migbt nlrnost ns well regard tho passing of dark spots befovo tho oyo-a well-known sign of n wearied optic nerve-as n sign of failing reason, as regard elaborate phan- tasmagoria recognised ns phuulasmnrroria na constituí mg j such a sign. Indeed, most men in perfect stillness cnn bear oounds, or what seem to them sounds, which no one else can bear. But tho moment they recosniso that tbeso sounds aro either in their own ems, or, if really duo to vibrations of tho atmosphere, aro duo to vibrations nhl purccptiblo to every auditory nerve-just as dogs certainly perceivn vibrations which most tuen do not percol ro, and aro sometimes very curiously, affected by them-tho moment thoy recogniso that their affection "is individual only, and is not to bo regarded ns common to them with ibo rest of mankind, that moment they tabo.up a perfectly roasonablo position with respect to .these individual affections of tho car, and can in noway bo regarded as on tho woy to a disturbed mental condition. A thoroughly conceited scorn for everybody's -judgment that does notngroo with a man's own judgment, is a far surer indication of mental perverseness than any eccentricity of sense, however great, which the judgment only accepts for what it is worlh, ns a singular phenomenon, possibly deserving consideration, or possibly not descrying ir, just ns tho context of fuels may seem to suggest. Dr. Ball comes much nearer the mark when ho regards very eager, even though not quito uncontrollable, impulses of un unreasoned and unreasonable tind as indications of proximity to menial disease, because such very eagt-r even though "not quito uncontrollable impulses do grievously threaten tho b.tlanca of tho judgment. Tho painter who consulted Dr. Ball cn tho temptation, which ho found almost overpowering, to throw into "tho Bro his own very child whom ho was tenderly nursing in an attack of croup, aud thin oven id tho very midst of his fervent prayers that tho child might bu permitted to recover from its illness, wan clearly threatened with a grave danger, m caso either of lu's will losing its power-or what was perhaps moro dangcrouR, losing its vigilance, so that such un impulse might catch bim unawares. In tho saino'way, tho klepto- mania!! who feels a vor}- eager, oven though not quito irresistible, desiro to possess himself unlawfully of property which ho might easily obtain in any quantity by lawful means, without sacrificing anything which ho really values, -thero is ono case of a well-to-do man who was a klepto- maniac only in relation to clothes-peas,-is clearly threat- ened with a subversion of his judgment, unless ho keons bis will always vigilant and always firm. So, too, tho alleged de.-iiro of snmo people to throw thomselvca over a precipice, or to offend society by calling out insulting words on solemn occasions, is obviously a danger- to tho practical reason of tho mon who fcol it, if nt least it is not merely a morbid I fancy but un urgont temptation. Bat wo cannot conceivo ii case in which, whilo tho judgment romains clear and firm, end is not bowildercd in tho least by tho eccentricity of tho sensitivo or perceptivo phenomena with which it has to deal, tbcro is cny approach to tho frontiers of ''insanity. That approach may bo made, nay, tho border may bo fairly passed, without tho least illusion or liability I to "illusion of tho senses. Directly a mun beginB to cherish tho notion that ho is in tomo sonso the centro of tho universe,-that everything depends on him, and is ordered mainly to contribute to his importance or glorification, or to bis persecution and vilification,-ho is approaching tho frontier of madness muck more closely than ho ever would through tko moro trickery of tho scnseíi, his power to check and cross-examino their falso reports remaining undiminished. Coleridge, when asked whother ho believed in ghosts, used to say that ho bad seen far too many to believe in them,-moaning that he had had tao much experionea of the illusions to which tho senses aro liable, nt fimos when ho was porfo;tly conscious that they were playing bim tricks, to lot his judgment bo biassed by such appearances. Well, that i?, tis wo understand it, tho condition of a thoroughly rational mind, just as the allow- ance mado by a man who is blind and deaf for tho con- stant errors into which his blindness and deafness must load him, is tho evidence of n thoroughly rational mind. You aro no nearer tho frontiers of insauity for excess of sensation or scorning perception, than you aro for deficiency of sensation or perception ; that which brings you noar it is only incompetence to judgo soberly of your own excesses or deficiencies of expérience-your disposition to attach an over- weening importance to tho purely personal impressions, espe- cially i f you hnvo bad good reason to distrust yourself whon ovor'yonr impressions were in conflict with the impressions of others. Men of genius, on tho contrary, ofton have good ground to trust themselves, even though their impres- sions aro in conflict with those of other men, and in their case s-.nity ia shown by self- confidence, and not by self distrust, so far, at least, as tho limitations under which self confidence is wurranted uro closely observed and oarofully attended to. But, in any case, tho frontior-land of insanity is tho region of tottering' judgment, not tho region of either j redundant or deficient sensation and perception. Trip. CZAII'S CORONATION MANIFESTO.-The Emperor bas proclaimed bis intention of being crowned in May next. This is tho full (ext of tho Imperial Manifesto, | published in the üf/iciat Messenger of February G :-" We, j Alexander tho Third, Emperor und Autocrat of all tho Bus- ] sins, ¿c., make known tho following fo oil our loyal and faithful subject«. Whereas it pleased God to call ua to tho 'hereditary throne of All tbollussins, and, inseparable there- from, to tho thrones of tho Kingdom of Poland and of tho Grund Duchy of Finland, nt a moment of fearful convulsion. In tho midst of tho grief and horror with which wo woro seized, and which overwhelmed tho hearts of nil our faithful subjects, wo did not deoui it a fitting timo to proccod with tho solem- nity of coronation. Submitting to tho inscrutable ways of Providence, and bowing boforo tho judgment of God, wo (iotcrmincil in our heart not to perform this sucrod rito until tho feelings oxcited by tho crimo to which our beloved parent, tho benefactor of his people, fell n victim had bad timo to calm down. Tho moment is now approaching for us to executo the will of God, and to carry out our own sacred desire, together with that of all tmo sons of our Fatherland. Following tho example of our pious forefathers, wo havo resolved to placo upon ourselves tho Crown, and reçoive, according to established usage, tho Holy Sacrauiont ; uniting with us in this act our most beloved Consort, the Em- press Mary Feodorowna. Announcing this our intention, to be carried out, by God's help, in May noxt, in the ancient capital of Moscow, wo cal) upon all our faithful subjects to join with us in fervent and humble prayer. Moy God, tho iiu'.er of tho Universe, koop us and our Empire in peace and safety ; may Ile pour out upon us tho spirit of wisdom and understanding; may Ho niel us, on assuming tho crown of our ancestors of imperishable memory, to faithiully keep tim oath which wo toko, and to consecrate ourselves to the I glory und well-being of our beloved Fatherland by tho ob j iwrvanco of right and concern for tho welfaro of tho peoplo I which Ged bas committed to our charge. Given at St. j Petersburg, this 2!tb of January, in tho year of our Lord 1SS3, and thc second year of our reign. ALEXANDER." UR. Du JONOU'S Lioin-linows COD Liviut OIL.-"With sti umour. anil emaciated sulijcers, anil wlicro the General health is impaired," observes Slr Henry Marsh, Hart, M.D., Physician to the Queen in Ireland, .' the reviving and reanimating effects of a recular daily emir«! of tills animal Oil are highly sntisfaotorv. Its favourable action un thc system ls renovntlnir ; it cheeks prö uic-isive emaciation, restcrea ¡ho yivMini; health, rebuflds.'ns ft were, thc tottering frame, and brines about a moat remarkable and salutary chango in all the vital functions." Sold onlr in ' capsuled imperial liali'-pints, pinta, and quarts, by all chemists. Solo Consignees, Ansar, Hartford, and Co., 77, Strand. London, Aucnts ut Hrdney. Elliott Kimbers,-I ADÏT.J 