MING HIE BELLS OF HEAVEN. I BV D0VA1D CAMEKOK. - /' Ring the bolls of Heavon ; there .is Joy to-day , ; For a soul returning from tho if lid J ' I Soo tho Father moots him out upon the way, i Welcoming his weary child ! - \ Glorvl clory I how tho angels sing I Glory I glory ( how tho loud harps nog I 'Tia tho ron8omod army liko a mighty soa, . I ' Pealing forth tho anthom of thofrcol,; Tho psychological history of Archlo MTDougall has always appeared to mo intensely interesting, for it must bavo boon.tbat of many a sottlor in Australia— tho working of new conditions and . a i now codo of morals upon the soul of a man brought I "uo in tho narrowest of Puritan faiths, that of the I jfo church of Scotland, with its terrible creed of ! -future punishmont, derived in my opinion from tho ' dark and dreadful religions of Scandinavia, whoso : nloomy forests and storilo wattes Impart to thoso t Sho lire in thorn thoir own stern .and tcrriblq character. To mon ao educated lifo has terrors ' that noror enter into tho. souls of pooplo bom in tho south, where tho moral code is moro lax, and religion as boneflcont as nature, ,ths offepring of tbo warmth and tho sanahino, glowing with lovo and color. ' That which the southerner will com mit without a thought of eril or a dream of retri bution is, to tho man who has boon reared in tho storn crocdc of tho .'north, a teiriblo sin to bo ' oxpiatod in a hereof tor whioh oven tho imagination of Italian Panto or English Milton - failed to con- <oivo. To mon litoArchio M'Dougall tho falling away from a state .of graco to of all terrors tlio greatest, and. tho idea that : tho unpardonable sin which shuts them out for over from Heavon is ono that lmuuts thorn liko tho shadow of death all -thoir lives. Thoir fight ogainBttiio now conditions of life, tho novol couo of morals that' exists in Australia; thoir relapses, their' repentance, thoir agonios would form a themo for tho noblost pons, full as it is of that mighty strain of tragedy which has had its best expression in tho groat works of tho Grecian tragic poota who wrote of tho yariouB awful episodes in /tho house of Atrows, Ihavo often myself thought of taking up this groat sub ject, and endeavoring to"analyre.tbe workings of such a spirit,', but tho ' magnltudo. of tho task has , mado mo hesitate.' Tho episodo in the Up of this re- markablo;. man which thls skotch ondoavorsto pourtray, ihough'lt- wos tho turning point hi his strangoiifn, cannot dci justice to tho subject, forita limits aro necossaxily. too circumflciihed. . ; Arohio MfDbugall came : out to Australia when quite a lad, ' bat he had beepmo thoroughly im bued With, tho-poritamcal religion of and the land in which ho was born. Oppoaod to this religion was tho man's whole naturo, wtoon was . cssontialty aoutliorn. Ho oaaQy lod, and fond of ovory pleasure. Ho inherited - from his fathor atomporament and a predisposition that wore found to hp fatal _ . peace;- His fathor had Iwon what hotmw iumod out, a wayward soul, at; 1 mos Mb I tanical, thon. relapsing into' a state0 Ma too often a alavo of whisky., As U woa with his fftttinr bo with Archio; periods of oxocss were foUowod bv a rigid walk of . lifo and. abject repent soU-control grow leas, and to which was a wilder burst of excess than before, until at last teaman grew to think that ho w.. fe,t. thnt Gted ,' !h"' ho h"d "mtnlttcd tho on- sta. 8ain,t ll> Holy Qhoit. A it. to otmind more torriblo than this tho grootfljt trade CdZmST Tragic foot, h.vo ton- tinod thomsokes to ibo more passing sorrows of f ?' aro tiioao to tho honors that SAi'j ?.Hu'n tonhom tho world to como ta ??w ' f gra»tor reality than thin trans- . Archl h"d a Tlrid imagination, J5," " .npplomontod by hla oxoossos in llqnor, pntU at last ho imagined ho saw tho flond himself, aiid was actually on conversational terms with liim. wf"7!?001 J PUfgmtio Englishman and h.Ki.1 .iff'"! Archio» accontricltics, liis ?' Waing to himself and combating foe. In- Tlsibloto Other ovcs, hut mora raal to flm thon " ST' Wra down aa "hnU oradtod. Thla Is tho way tho nnlmoginativo work-a-day pooplo of tho world disposo of orcry. tolng and ovoryono thoy do not understand, and a Tonr roady method, too. . Af,?Worrl;ad moiTicd ohortly aftor his master's JSi. Hi" Iojo' eyorytlilng olso In connootion nailm ' 1"" Ud and forront. Ho courted a neighboring farmer's daughter, and whllo tho hoat P""1 lasted ho Inyeatod hor with a h.dT„i .n "f ",hloh P00' F'ora Fonton «JiJ u i! "Hstloat titlo. Sho was simply a oniot kindly Utto woman, with fair ideas of her 8004 kno"1,>dg» "t tho work of a t?£m ,,no.I1;oro- n dld "<>» tako much fiS!2f?1¥,t,Archte- 811 n,(,nU'» after ho vras marriod he bad discovered bis wifo to be qui to commonplaco, 'and hia old tomptotlona teemed " irn'l«tiblo as oror. So, in a moment ol litter ropontaneo he sold oat hla old oelootion near tho town and took up a new one, twenty miles away. Here be would be far from temptation, and bo able to rear his family according to his ideas, it was a itrtngo andlonely placo, yet pictnrosqno otdegreo. A great rango of porphyry finrySj /#b"Puy from a silver stream Pines (caitod nramp oaks.) A litUo gully that took Its rise near tbo summit of tho rango betwoon tho granite and tho porphyry created a lovely valley embosomed in tho hUis. It was Jwro ho placed his homes toad. The valley and tho frontage to tho stream he letoctod, tho moun- ho took up under preemptive leaso. He nad thus the command of some six or sovon thousand acres, and was able to keop about two thousand sheep, which were amply aufSdont to support the family. To a man ot quiot tastes, of contented mind, Oban Valo would bavo boon a paradiso— to Archio it bocamo an Inferno. His neighbor, John Williams, a stolid Englishman, had sottlod in a similar valloy on tho other side of tho mountain, and holivod there an idyllic life, rearing f happy children, improving his holding t.f ''hocamo a model homostoad, ana himself and his wife becoming the very pictures of hoalth and comfort. J ohn had no imagination and no violent passions; ho had that singular power of self- government which is so happy a feature of Entr- ltoh charactor ; ho had no very strong perception of motaphysica! sin ; and so ho Uvea happy and contented, and died without dread of tho hereafter, more from lack of feeling and perception than that his lifo and walk had boon according to tho gospels. Indeed tho good man seldom read anything, not even the Biblo, and ho was more intorestod on his deathbed in giving instructions about tho management of the snoop and farm than tho concerns of nis soul. " I can't soo," said John Wilson on hiB deathbed, " that I'vo dono anything wrong. I'vo paid my way, dono my duty as faras I comd, and if I hayo'nt boon, exactly right always lam sure tho Good Shepherd will overlook it. This man was tho very anthithosls of Archio, whoso mental perceptions wore of tho keenest, and who lived to a great extent within himself. No man saw his course clearer ; no man was loss ablo to follow that course. . . Archio had throe children. His . eldest, a son, partook, somewhat of his, own nature,' but ho in- nbritod sufflciont of his mother's calm, practical English mind to cQunterbalauco it Butthorowaa enough of tho fathor in hlm to mako him resont tho tyranny of Archio when In his puritanical moods, and hls brutality whon under the Influence of tho ovil spirit, alcohol. When Archio was doina Wong ha became frantic, and because ho could not punish himself ho was brutal and cruol to thoso he loved beat. Ho knew ho was doing wrong, his hoArt often Mad as he did It, and yet bopwsovered, as if defying tho power which ho so dreaded. At fourteen WUlio ran awav from homo, and with Mm the light dlod out of Oban Yalo. It broko his mother's heart, for motherliko all her love was centred on her only son. From that, day tiio broach between herself and her husband was too wideto be bridged. Sho lovod Mm no longor ; his presonco waste hor a distress ; and tho woman who had always boon so indulgont and gopd-tompered bocamo fretful and impatient; and often bandiod words, contemptuous on her part, mth her nns- band. Ho toon aaw thla, and it waa another flUip to throir liim Into tho aim. ol tho onCmy, Pooplo who know thorn hogan to apoak ol Oban Valo with a ahnddcr, and many predicted tho ond would bo murdor and anloldo. Arohio hnd two . daughters, Annie and Katio. No two sisters oould bo moro unliko. Annio had mnoh ol her lathor'a volatility and ohangeabloncss ; oho wao h'ght ol mind and gay ol mannor; thonghtlcss to a serious extent, and very lond ol pleaenre, though sho had low; moane to obtain it. Yet, nndor the oiroum-. atanoos, oho oould havo grown up. into a pleasant, light-hearted, oomponlonablo wo- man. Tho gloom ol. her homo was fraught to hor with wpoful , consequences.,. Mako home bright and ohcerful, p'aronts i mako it n relngo to whioh son ond daughter win look; and your grey haira will go .down- to tho gravo witli honour, and without bitter sorrow. .. But ol all tho family Katio, tho youngeot, "Woo Kotio," so sho W08 called, woe tho most roraarkable. Ycora havo paeeed by ainoo that etrango littlo faoo, in whioh ehono o pair of deep, myatorloua, pathotio, blno oyoa, woe turned up to inino, but never con I forgot. its, weird inQuonoo, tho touching pathos of the unfflthomablo oyca, that told of early euro arid sorrow. Sho wos very small, a more mito. I flret mot hor on tho Obon Bongo. X was looking for orchids, ond other raro plants, to bo found among tho groniio houldcra of thoso desolate mountains, ond bad juot opiod o monatroaity in tho flowor world, with livid pnrplo blossoms rosombling tho bead of a aorpant, when a fairy form stepped from1 I a root and plooked tho treasure. When she saw mo, aho:did not appoara bit afraid; but looked onqnlringly at mo with thoso great blno oyos of horn. This in itself was.nnuonal, for bush ohfldren dovelop tho jnstinot of all wild- yonng animals, to hide whon a stranger appears. I havo soon them soramblo from tho fields into tho hut, liko so many rabbits into a waren, tho moment I appearod in sight. But this little woman was qnito fearless, and gavo mo her hand, so small and thin and frail, with out a tremor. She sat with mo on a log, and told mo in an artless way, a strango mingling of woman and ohild. abont aUhorfavoritonooks in tho mountains, tho oool caves under the granite whoro the delicate ferns grow, tho southern elopes whoro the qnandonga woro to bo found, the Boots whoro tho best native oherries aboundod, and tho littlo dells, whioh, at tha right season, woro searlet with tho wild raspberry. Sho rattled on ond epoko, in her way, learnedly of thoBprlng ond sum mer flomors, and Bhowed a keen knowledge of native fauna and floral Nor did sho tercet »A11 Al._ iL- — vu iiiu, buu uvus .uhbiu wiug, snat nnr mother had tanght bar to rood, and that bIio had road tho "Pilgrim's Progress" and " Bobinson Crnsoo," " only," ahe added, " do's not allowod to eco 'Robinson Crusoo,' tor ho'd bum It. Ton know," sho gossipped on, "da's very kind sometimes, but at other times he's awful— Mat's when lie says tho Bovil's in him— and he beats ns all, and tnras na oat of tho hodso. Wo'vo had to sloop nnder a rook sovcral times. It's not bad in summer, bnt oh I in winter, whon tho oold winds blow np from the orcck, and tha sleet and tho snow falls, or tho frost comes, it makes ns all cry. Oh 1 I wish tho Devil was dead, tho ugly thing." . Tho oiond soon piused from her face, and sho broke out into dotightfnl praise ot the happy days that occasionally came, when Arohio was in a good homor, when the sun Bhone, and tho birds sang, and the flowers bloomed. "Bnt here, Pvobcon yabboring," she said suddenly — the vulgar phrase seemed so piquant from her littlo lips—" and I'vo for got all about Long Legs and Hoppy." I wondored to whom she. referred, bnt I was not long to remain ignorant, for on her giving two or threo whistles — how odd the accomplishment Beemcd in this spiritual crea ture—a tamo wallaby popped from behind tho rocks, and hopping np to, Katie, laid its pretty head in her lap. Presently a ragged cockatoo waddled round another rook, hop ping occasionally, and keeping a ceaseless chatter of odd phrases, varied by a ahriek and an elevation of tho orcst, when alarmed. ' In a few minutes, cooky was pcrehod on Katio's shonider, talking to her'in a cooing manner, and now. and then lotting aat'a "sorawk" and raising its crest when I made a move ment, while Look Less, as tho wallahv was I celled, browaed peacefully in front of ue. "You know," ohnttod the littlo fairy, now evidently serenely happy, "its so nioo when father's right and tho Devil's away. Have yon over Been the Devil?" I told hor I had not, nor desired to. "I wieh I, isould," said tho girl; "I'd tell him how happy we'd be if ho d keep away. Would'nt ho bo happier himself? Bnt it's said in Bevelationa tho archangel is to bind him for a thousand years— I wish that timo was come. We'rei all so miserable when he oomca. Long legs esh :ran away bat Hoppy and I can't. . Poof Hoppy, tho last timo aa was bad ho threw her in the fire." "Fire, fire, murderl " shrieked tho aooka- too, with a final "soiawk" of terror. . "Bnt I forgot to tell yon," resumed Katie, "that we've never been root happyeinoe brother Willie runncd'away.; Ho couldn't stand father. Only I, knew" he wasgoing. But I'll soon'soe hiin, sir. He promised to oome for me as soon as he'll have mado slot ofmonoy.and then hell take ma to Sydney whoro I'll live liko a lady, and bo happy always. The Davil does not live there; no only stops np. hore in tho bush, in tho wild plaooB." ' : Poorehildi- ThoDsvillivosinthelaigeoities, : only people aro toei tamiliar and friendly wiu mm there to toko notioo. -; "But- Willie won't forget mo,", resumed Katie. "He promieod to send mo a mhsia box with the first money . ho esms, one liko what Besaio Williams has— you'vo just to wind it up and it'll . play and play so nioo. 1 11 orulg lb up uuau uuu. pin in rnjr uuvu »uu Long Lego and Hoppy. and I will dahbo and eing to it ; and Oh f wo will bo happy." ,Evor since that meeting I was deeply in- tereeted in this sweetest of all ohildrcn. Archie loved her pasBionatoly, bnt, when tha evil Spirit wos upon him; it was tho ohild he loved that Buffered most. , Strange anomaly; yet, every man otoxpericneo must confese its truth. Poor child, tho dark days other lite wero olosing round heft' . Arohio's mind was really being unhinged from drinking so 'mneb, and brooding upon imaginary wrongs. Ho blamed ovoryono bnt himself,, though in . troth;, ho vainly attempted to oonoeal it, it was ma rage with himsblf that . exasperated him. Poor Katio's mneio box provod to bo tho osuso of torriblo events. It arrived when Arohio was in town, and groat was - flio do- light of tha littlo family, who wore always happy whon he was away— thie ho know, and it rousod him to madnoss. It was a lovely . summer night, tho moon was at tho full, and flooded tho bountiful valloy with silver light and pleasant shadow; tho wind sang through tho swamp oaks that fringod the pellucid stream, a strain,, sad, yet sweot. The littlo family wero gathered in the vorandali, look ing out into tho garden, whioh wsb tho prido of poor Flora, and listening to tho sweat tinkle of tho fairy mnaio, ovor whioh Annie wont into raptnreb, while Katie said nothing, .1 ... . - but thought, and thought— oh, such delight- fully ead thoughts. To Flora, that mueio re called the abort Bummor of her youth, tho moonhght evenings when Archie and herself had wandered ovor tho old farm. All was gononow! Long Legs jumped about, at a tess to nndarstand what it was all about. Hoppy was silont, but, wido awoke. Whether ho was studying tho tunes bo as to reproduce them, or, was attempting to oolvo tho problem of what wao insido tho box, has never been determined. Poor bird; ho nevcrsswanother sunrise. Tho peaceful econo was disturbed by a loud discordant lough, and tho littlo party bo camo dumb when they saw tho husband and father in tho midst. Ho bad relapsed; the Demon had him in his clntohoB. Thcro woo an insane fight in hla eyes that terrifiod hiB wifo and children. Long legs know tho sound and leopod over tho fence, preferring tho risk of boing killed by dingoes to remaining thora. Hoppy bavo a ehriok and tumbled from Katio's shoulder on to the floor, to souttlo off to a placo oi saf sty. Tho domonioo aaw tnis, Ho noticed the horror and alarm on ovorv teco, tho repulsion on tho faces of Annie and his wife, and tho passions ot hell were let loose in his heart. With a bonnd ha Bprorig forward, and seizing the poor bird wrung its nock and threw tho body into the garden. A teoblo kiok or two and Hoppy was no mora. " You're ail happy," roared tho man; "when I'm away. You hate mo. Andlhato yon. I'll mako yon happy." It is not pleasant to dcscribo scenes o! injustice or violence, the deeds oi a madman, of an unhappy being in tha torriblo state in whioh Arohio M'DongaU was. Annie, who was very cowardly, flod at tha first alarm, and remained oil night in a cavo on the mountain. Bnt tho "littlo woman" did not. Though her heart was wrung when her pot was killed aha uttered not a Bound for fear of aggravating him to do what ho would, aha know, no ter ribly repent. Her mother was not so wise. The poor woman's lifo was so wretahod, all tho light had now died out ot it, that sho was parfeotly reckless. Sho opened ont npon norhueband, and told him what; nnhsppily, ho know too well. Her words, echoes of tho accusing spirit within himBcIf, stnng him to a stage of madness he had never reaohod. With a furious blow of his foot ho sent tho mnsic box purchased with Willie's first savings as a present to hie dcariy-bolovcd sister into tho garden ; but it kept on playing, emblem of patient virtno that rctarnB good for evil. It was playing a tnno that was tortaro to the cars of tnia apostate, "King tho holla of Heaven." That was ono of Katio's favorite hymns, and Willlo had purchased tho box because it performed that sir. Tho maddened man seized an axe, and was about to split tho box into pieces, when Flora seized his arm. ' The moonfiaht faded into the stent mv nf dawn, whioh in its tarn yioldod to the flood of gold of the seorise. The golden light shone into Arohio's hoase that morning upon a scene terribly different to that his deeliaing rays had . lighted. Then thoy irradiated the happy faces of a littlo group intently listen ing to the musical box, every face fall of quiet happiness, the scene pcaccfally sylvan. Now the son lit np thu little sitting room a d a dying woman, beside whom knelt a ohild yonng in years bnt old in sorrow. . In another room tho snnbeeina fell upon a man in the lethargic si rep of cxtremo drunkenness — a mere lump of animated clay — without ocneo or f coliDg. In tho garden tho light fell npon tho'oorpBo of tho little bird, tho mnaio box oIobo besido it. All me ! how many saah , a econo the sun has ehono upon in this onr yonng country, where everyone should be so happy. Annio . returned later in tho day, and tho two girls tenderly nursed tho dying mother. Annie was.' for saddling the horse, and going at oneo to tho town for help, but Flora M'DongaU would . not hear of it. She knew she was dying, and that if a dootor came Arohio Would bo in danger of tho law; hnd bo with that etrango perversity of . woman (hat is bo hereto and'.yet so incomprehen- sjhte.Jsho tosofrsd' to ' die in- silenoe to sechra his 'safety. Sho would , not havo her children carry a dreadful stain with them into life. What her thoughts were as ehe lay in that bare room, dying, no ono can tell; they, .wofo, bitter enough assuredly. In tho Afternoon s wild haggard faco, looked in for a moment, and the girls shuddered. Then it vanished and Archie fled, to the darkest glona of the mountains, there to expiate his sin with agonies that no pen can describe, to plead hopelessly with a Ood, whose face was. veiled from him — as ho thought for ever and ever— and. to combat a Fiend, present, with : him, as he thought, in oll'the terrors of his. ghostly form. ; Arohio returned, next : day, a wan, wasted, ghastly figure, that would have almost an- sworad his own ideas of the Evil Spirit whioh tormented him. He looked . through tho window to the room. There was the corpse of his wife, lying on tho sofa; stiff and Btark,: bnt with a strangely plaoid face, a face the' -expression of whioh was relief and resignation. . Annie was sobbing in it corner. Katie had; drawn o little table near tha corpse and npon this eho hod placed tho musical box, whioh 'was now playing. The litllo girl was on hor kneca singing; he could see the tears glisten ing, in her eyes, and she sang with a voice; broken with sobs. And this is what ehe aang:— Home at I&Bt; on. neavonly mountains, i Hoard the "Comb ana enter In;" 1 " Saved by life's fair flowing fountains, Saved from oarthly taint and sin. Home swoot homo,. our homo for ever, Weary pilgrimages past, .. . Welcomed homo to wander novor, . .., Savod through Josus— Home at last ! Annio tried to follow her sister; bnt whon. tho ahorns oamo hor voice failed. .On the aontrary Katio's voico became stronger, and there was a tono of hope and treat m it, tea she song ' : . Homo sweet homo,' ear homo for ever, " Weary pilgrimages post, .. Wolcomo homo to vrondor nover, Saved through Jeans — "Homo at last 1 " The clear bird like voice of tho child was . raised aa in a cry of triumph when she sang tho last three words. Hell surely oould bavs. no torment equal to what tho man felt as he heard and bow all this.. Ho had heard his ohildren sing that hymn in happier hoars; ho coaid not stand it any longer. He reehed into the room wildly and, seizing a ease of razors from tho mantlo, took ont one and stood ovor tho dead body. \- "Bee what you have done, ha, ha," ho said, addressing that Familiar who waa ever present to- his ayes. . "Oh you'vo eome, havo you? Hal Hal Yoa'vo como to seo your work, havo' yon, Well, it will be tbo last time. She haa gono where yon nor I can ovor como. I will- go with you. Ihavo done okohgh. Yonrhell cannot ho worso than this." And with a frantio movoraont ho grasped tho razor, Anothor moment and ho wonld have drawn it across his throat, but that a email cold hand was laid on his and a strange mneio was . hoard— Tho air hod. ohongod. "Fathor," said woo. Kotio, "father, atop, stop; hoar what tho litUo box sayBt— ita a voice from hcavenf" He listened, his faoe changed, tho razor foil from his bonds, the Domon vanished, and the man sank npon the ground, sobbing pitifully.; And what did the box ploy? And woo Katie; standing between hor fathor and tho dead body of hor mother,' followed tho notes with hor olear.bird-voioe, whioh har monised so well with the harp liko mnaio of the instrument and sang the hymn the erring man had himself; whon tho good spirit hod possosslon, tanght her:— King the hells of Heaven I . There is Joy to-day, For n sonl retnrning from tho wild ; Soo I tho Fathor moots him ont upon tho way, Welcoming his weary .wandering child. Qlory I gloiy I how tho angola sing I Glory I glory 1 how tho loud hsips ring I T'lo tho ransomed army like a mighty, sea, . Foaling forth tho anthom of tho froo I In that hour perhaps tho wretched man had a glimpso, transitory it ia true, of tho brighter sido of religion, ol .that portion whioh has nothing to do with, tho atom faith of tho North, bom of tha region of tho dismal pino and the everlasting snow. Bnt he had yet to go through the fire, there was to bo anothor sacrifice before tha sun rose upon his soul, before Balder tho Boautifnl bamshod the infernal Deities of tho North. Flora was buried in a little nook between two-gramto boulders on a small hill that looked down upon tho homestead. Archio now deoply penitent, Buffering as fow men suffer, fenced in tho plot of ground; it was tho cemetery of his family. Inhiasparotimo he worked upon a flog of granite, which was to aot as headstono. Wee Katio was ovor at hor mother o gravo. She dog np the ground herself— it was Iooso as granite soils always ore— and planted ovary flower that grow in tho littlo garden. Common flowora enough thoy wero, bnt consooratod by tho lovo and devotion of the dearest of daughters. With her own hands sho dag up a yonng ohorrv trco, loveliest of tho Australian pino- folioged trees, and transplanted it, plaolng it at the foot of her mothor's grove. And strango to say— for the cherry tree aeldom strikes whon removed— the nlnnt rrmw. and <a nnm n handsomopino.fiioped tree, in whosoleavos the red berries gleam in tho season, and tho little birds chirp. It waves over not only Flora, —but— of that hereafter. And under her hands v that spot become a bower of beauty, blooming with flowers at all times, and, what was greater, conseorotcd by tho behest of lovo. It wos some timo after this sod occurence that I paid another visit to Oban Bahge. At tho same placo where Ihad aeon wee Katie previously, I oamo aerosa hor. Sho was sit ting on a mossgfown rook, looking at a small .silver rill of water that oamo ont of afern- covored gully, and foil over a gray granite lodge. Orchids and ferns beautified the moss carpeted bank. By hor aide waa tho mnsical box, tinkling oat its melodies, to which now and thon tho girl sang. At my opproaoh Hoppv, who had returned home a fow days after tbo tragedy, ran to its mistress' aide. 8he looked np to mo as fearlessly and frankly as ever, and now entered into a ohat. "Poor mother was always woak," she said, a dcep shadow coming npon her faoo, and ehe died a littlo while baes. Oh, sir, she's got each a pretty grave, and tho littlo ehcrry tree I planted ia growing so well. Thoyaoyohony trees won't transplant, bnt motherwas bo good it eonldn't hat grow, and Willie did not for got me, air,— this is what ho promised." "Aro yon happy now?" I asked; " is your father good?" Sho did not reply for a lninnto or two. I saw tho shadow deeper on her face. "Wo are a littlo happy," Bho replied at last with a sigh. "Father is very striot. Ho prays day and night, and hardly catcs any thing. He Is afraid of God. I am not afraid of God. Do yon think it is right to be ?" "If wo do wrong," I replied; bat if we repent wo are tanght Ho wilt torgiva, and then wo snoaia no nappy." " Bat bo never is," said wco Katio, " And, oh, sir, bo haa repented, bnt ho seoma to see no pardon or help. I can't mako it ont. I can eco notbiog ia the world but light and love, except when Satan is about. It's him that brings tho rain, and tho clouds, and tho cold winds, and tho frost and tho snow. Oh, I wish thora waa no Satan. Why was ha created?" Wiser men than I have been nnable to answer that question. Bat I explained to Katio that tha phenomena sho pointed ont as the wrong of tho Power of Evil proceeded from a beneficent God and were necessary to the maintenance oftho bcanty of tho world. Her foco brightened "I beliovo you," sho said, "and now I think if clouds, and rain, and thunder, and snow, and frost, are needed to mako the world beantiltel, perhaps sorrow and pain, and and even sin, ore needed to make us good. Oh, God ib wise, and wo musn't rcpino. Only, I wish Ho oould seo another way." Oh, how many a human heart has echoed that wieh sineo the world began, since men became as gods, and know good and evil I ' There was a .Bingnlar depth of thonghtin thie girl that surprisod me. Continually by herself, without playmates of hor. own. ago, balled upon to assume responsibilities, before her time, she was a strange contrast to other children. What was mast striking was tho great depth of her religions toelings,and their peculiar characteristics. Her father eaw nothing in religion except fear and trembling, and chraatenings of the judgment to como. Sho .perceived nothing but a God, who was her Father— hotter than her earthly parent indeed— and a Saviour who waa a loving Eider Brother, and who had died for her to prove hie lovo. Sin and its ehadowa sho know not. I know there ere those who will scoff at the religion of ono so yonng ; who will say that it wonld vanish when she grow np, and had to fight the hard and cruel world. Perhaps so I But that does not alter the deep love and respect I entertained tor tho arttoss ohild. God in his wisdom ordained so fair a flower was not to bo gathered by rongh human bands. Sho oould no more bo trans planted into tho garden of .this world than pan tha small white flowers, that grow on Alpine heights, bo reared in tho trim pastures of the.Iowlands, where the moist, hot, oorrnpt air strangles them. \- 1 left her, ringing to tho air " Iting tho hells of Heaven," of whioh sho seamed vary fond, perhaps because it had arrested her father's snieidal hand, and sho angnrod from its words that oho day God wbnld bo rcbonbilod with him, and ho would join the ransomed. i Dover uuw iiur, »huu» uuu me piuiiuiu a looked npon before I turned round the rook that hid her from my view, will novor leave iny memory until I am dust and ashes. The boantiful ohild sitting on tho gray lichen ooVorod rock, the flower starred moaa carpot on whioh her foot rested, tho tiny' silvor waterfall, supplying a light bass to the treble of the girl and the instrument, tho bias sky overhead, Hooked with flcooy olouds, the kangaroo with its gentle eyes looking np into its' mistress's face, tho hoary granite rook— all combined to form a picture snob as could only have been witnessed in Australia, and then but rarely indocd. : Not long after this the olouds gathered round Oban, novor to be lifted in this world. For months alter his wife's, death Arohio lived tho lifo of areolnso, practising every mode of self punishment.;. Tho sternest aaeetio wonld have envied him. He worked hard, ho prayed for forgivonosa day and night, ho infiioted npon himself every penance bo eo'nld think. Alter all there is little differ ence between the ehurahes. Tho grim and snstere Puritan is'elosely relate I to tho flagellant and the penitent ol tha Ohnrph of Borne. But do what ha oould the olond never lifted; Heavon never opened to his eyes ; it was all darkness. The faot is the man outraged his own natnra ; he went abont his work tho . wrong way. The result was that a terrible despair took possession of him —that despair Banyan has 60 graphically dosoribod in his narrative ot tho Mon in tho Iron Cage — and tho gloom of hie mind dooponod until tho day oonld not bo distant when ho would toko his own lifo, or oneo mora resort to tho troaohoroue .flond that buoys na up for a momont- to east us iowut tho next— the bottle. ; In Arohio'e caso intoxi cating liquor was.not takon booansc ho lovod it. but that it .booamo a noooaeity— anything, anything to got rid ot tho hideous despair nature ond his ideas of religion and lite had The cause— another offspring of his mis guided efforts at religion— waa not long want ing. Arohio and his daughter Annio had novor' boon ablo, ob tho colonial phrase goes, to " hit it." Their natures woro. too mnOh nriliko for that. Showoajnat what ho him self had, boon at hor ago. Ho.wouldhavp no laughter, no mneio, no company, with, him it rouBt always bo groaning and prayora and sad looks. Now Annio wonted oxaotly tho reverse. Thorctore, to osoapo tho intolorablo . gloom oi hor homo, sho proposed when the old mon who ahophordod tor thorn lolt,tolook after tho Bhcep herself, and Arohio agreed. Now John Wilson's oldest son shophordod hie father's flook, and of coureo tho two mot, ftnd a now world opened for tiio flighty hair: brained girl. Lovo won born Into hor world, and in oil tho thrilling fovor of its a alights I sho forgot tho shadows of hor horns, whoro indeed she was only at night, and to osoapo its gloom ahe always retired oarly, on tho nlea of being tired. Tho romanoe of that fovo belongs not to this story. It's end may weU bo imogined. What mnst happen when a ? Vlr tho moat impressionable Crid o their lives aro in company day after day without a soul to guide or warn them 7 rimro could be bat ono result, and it camo. fltl„01? August, when spring was feeble wings, and tho wattles mado tho hillsides golden with its glory. Tho yair woro on and Christmas camo round, ?hearing had takon place, and for a week three rough men had stopped at Oban Valo m_T,p. to cljP tho sheep. Thoy had flirted m their way with Annio, wondered at tho old housowifo, Wee Katio, and her strange ' father. One of them, when Hprcoing at tho tihearor s Arms down tho river, said, " That Anmo M'DougalTs a pretty girl and up to 1? to . no ono can m&ko; oat little Katie. When ahe wasn't at housowork uho'd tako that muaicfal box of hers up to her mother's gravo and sing to it, juat as if the dead woman could hear. As for Archie iu ougaii, tucro's no doubt he's crooked. But it all comes of religion ; thank goodness. I novor wm that way myseU." Shearing over, tbo old lifo went on. Annie shepherded the flock, Arohio worked like a demon, trying to get rid of tbo despair that wos killing him. but talking as over to tho Unseen Companion Uiat scorned to bo continually urging him to do something terrible; and Katio did the housework. Aod a notable littlo housewife she was, though she had little to work upon. Archio waa as parsimonious in his fits of re« hgion as he waa prodigal whon tho Companion olaimod him. This made his religion as dis- tasteful to Annio as his gloom." Well, Christmas oamo. Tho previous one had not been vory bright; bat then tho mother had been with them, and the fathor had been a vr 8®f®npturcd stage, whioh culminated at New Year In tho appearance of tike Com panion. But this Christmas Katie thongbt she would try to brighten op tho place, and ace if she could not wean her father to look upon tbo world as she did, to think of God as she thought— what better season 7 Bo sho oleancd tho little house nntU everything ehono again, and she brought down from the eranito gorges on Christmas cvo afternoon, tho moBt green and graceful of tho ferns, the prettiest flowors. Sho went up to tho ranges and obtained a branoh of the cherry tree through whoso orange green foliago the dark, red borries showed temptingly, and these she hung up in tho comers, and at the door. In deed it was so protty a placo when sho had finished, that ono could hardly recogniBO it. She spread the table daintily, and had qnito a lot of delicacies, among which was a quan- dong pie, a luxury that no epicuro will dcspiso. And eo sno waited for her sister and father. Annio waa shepherding, and Archie had gone to tho neighboring township 10 uuy somo tmngs. The little girl was not - without sinkings of the heart oa sho sat in the vernndah waiting. Her father had seemed unusually stern when ho went away that morning, aod sbo had noticed that for weeks Annio had been despondent. Willie, too, had never written as no promised. And Katia horseif had, since the winter, been weak and ailing. Bet the brave littlo girl never lost heart. Sho beUovcd firmly in her elder brother, and that all wonld t>e well yet. Annio was tho first to como home. Katie helped her to yard tho flock, but could got no words from her sis tor, who was still moping and despondent. Tho two girls sat on the verandah, Annio with her faco in her hands, and swaying to and fro. Tho son Bet behind the range in alt the glory of tho primary ' colors and their combinations, from gold to orimson, from crimson to purple, and' then to all tho sbados of blue that ended in the cold gray of twilight, relieved only by what Katie c&Uod; tho lamps of Heaven, the silvery stars. What a typo a sunset is of our career of the various episodes ot human lifo 1 First comes the, gold of promise, of hope, thon tht red and pnrplo of fulfilment, dying, ovun dying, into the cold grays, Iifoloss, and color- less. 3urcly in tho Land to whioh wo boston . . - . the gold,- and- tho crimson, and the purpo ; novor fade! > v ' But, if the sun had vanished, leavingbchmd - him only the drabs arid the grays, soon there appeared a greater and 8weotor . glow in' the east, and tbo moon, the . eternal1 Queen of - - Night, glided, over, tho Pinnacle mountain; r. and fiUea the world with light and shadow- v Year by year aKb rises the samo, bnt she has novor lost her oharms, . for poets havo sung as ; fervidly about -hor in this century - as did Sappho in Lesbos. To Katio,- tho moon's - rising was an over living delight. It was to " .hor liko tho gentle life following tho Caroorof glare and greatness in tho world of which a) o had read, but .knew nothing. Tho Land of Boulah surely was lit by tho rays of thomoon. So when the graoious luminary appeared, shaming tho " dip" that sputtered in the " parlor." Katio brought out her Uttle music- box, and sot it playing in tho hopo it would - ; arouse Annio. It did. The wrctohod girl burnt . into a flood of bitter tears. Hor droacn was over; she had tasted the swoets, and was now - ' to gnaw the bitter 1 ' The gallop of a horse sounded in their . ears. - Their hearts sank ; thoy know well thore ' - fathor bad gono wrong. When eobor ho novor:' : galloped, Ajnme'olaspod Ratio hysterically.- . « Save me, 'Ratio," shocried; "ho will -kill mo. Save mo, littlo sister I Savorao!" . - And she olung to Ratio, as if tho poor frail - thing had powor over that dark masterful man. mrangoit was tnat ovoryono douovqu in : - Katie. Archio dismounted, and -flung tho reins . upon his horse. But ho did notat oncooorao- in. He took oil tho saddlobags, tho ohxnk of . whioh told the girls thoir worst enomy had. oomo. . . Katio eaught a glimpso of hor dread father s . . face in the moonlight. "Fly, Annio/ fly," sho wliiaperod; Go to /; the old jeave. I'll run. up and Bee yon to night."' Annio, like all weak natures, always trusted: > . to astronger. With a bound sho was out of . tho garden, whilo Arohio was taking, tho . . saddle off, and flying for dear. Ufo up to tho rimgo. Not an instant to soon ..The next: moment Arohio's heavy tread, was on , tho verandah. "Whoro is that wro'oh?" fio asked tho .- trembling Katie. ? = . " Annie," replied Ratio, oamo homo, bat she. ran away when she saw you coming. Sho seemed in great trouble." . ' V ."She lias bayed. ina aorimo? said Arcbie, , speaking not .to Katie; but to that Oompanion > who seemed to bo over hoar him. "Yon aro - disappointed this time, eh 7 . Ha t. ha I Bat' ; ; don't fear, it'll oome, it'll come. - 'I know you only want tbo soul, and it'll soon bo. dono. : Ha T ha I" Arid with a laugh that froze Katie's blood,' /. ho took tbo saddlo bags inside ; and throw ' thorn on tho tablo, disarranging its ncat dia- play, and breaking somo of the scanty orookory. Thon ho took out a blaok bottlo, : - and, sitting down, bogan a solitary carouse. Tho liitlo girl sat in tho deop shadow; in tho vorandoh. . Bho bad moved out of tho light, lor Bno nau no mora riyus mutu. xxnuuuugiu. tho corner oho poured out prayor after prayor io tho Father, and Brothor to comb to that mioorablo homo in hor'dire need.- The mush , eal box had run down, and there was no sound except thd chuckling and laughter and mad v talk talk o! .Arohio, tho olinklng of his gloss/ - tho hoot o! tho mopoko, tho wail of tha cur-: , low, &ud; the distant yelp of, tho dingo. Bo bogan; that dismal night, tho forerunner of- many more. Tho girl at last stole out into the moonlight . and walked to hor mother's gravo, whoro sho Bobbed and wopt horsolf to- ,- sloop. But Arohio took no notice. Ho con-. Torecd with that awful Oompanion, who was to, him moro roal than tho boinga of this world. Suoh was wco Ratio's Christmas Evo 1 Tho history of tho fow noxtdaya may bo fasBcd over, for tho reader vail not carp to car tho details; thoy aro best left un . told.- Wo must pass on to tho , final oatasv trophe, not, howovor, without somo oxplau. ation of tho cauflcs that led up to .theso oveats. Archio had gono to the littlo township down the river, and there had mot John Wilson. Wo havo givon onr idoa of this man's char-, actor before. Ha waa not a bad man, -but essentially selfish. Arohio and ho had hardly V . '"A SHALL COLD niHD WIS rlrn OB HIS 1HD i GimCS lfljafo WIS HXIBD." met, when ho bluully told lum tho truth in re gard to his oldest son Stovo and Audio. btcvolmd confessed to his lather, and on tho latter refusing to sanction a mamngo of two . ouch people, ho had run away— John knew not where, nor, eaid he, did ho care. Tho fact is Jolm wanted his son to marry tho daughter of a neighbouring settler who was well in. Arohio s rage was terrible. Nover .had a stigma rested upon his family until now. It seemed his Companion had pro- pared this in ordorlo ncrvohimto the terriblo deed that ho daily suggested. ,Andhewent home to do that deed. . 1 1 approach now scenes of nn extraordinary and supcrnatnrol cliaraotcr, narrated as they ' were told zno by tho chief, am I must pre- . miso I offer no explanation. Whother, as tho materialists will hold, Arabic's visions were tho offspring of a naturally morbid : mind, tho morbidity of which was intensified by the delirium that follows oicess, or they wero really visitations from th6 Dread and Uneh Land, I cannot say. Bat to Archie they were real. Christmas Day opened witli a. fearful con- ' . Jlict of tho elements. Clouds black as Erebus shut out tho sun, lightnings lit ub tho gloomy panorama, and tcrrifio thnndcrs trovorberated from peak to peak, and tho rain camo down in a deluge. Arohio awoka to laugh and ges ticulate and drink. Katie, ill and feverish, waB to look after tho houso, and to mako pre parations to go out with tho shcOp. She had gone up to the cavo daring tho night and loft provisions with Annie, who talked of walking to a distant place, to which 'sho thought Stove, her still dear Steve, had gone. - Six days passed: six days of storm and rain, during which poor Katia herded tbo \- flock and tended her father. What tho bravo littlo soul suffered during that I will not distress tho reader by relating. Annio had gono off to tlio town, and 'sho. was left alono in this awful solitudo with her half- mad father. But throughout that .Dory trial there stood by her One who nover fails those who trust in Him. Bat on New Year's Evo sho camo homo, how sho know not, tottering, worn out, and lay down on her couch, never to riso again. Not a drop was wanting to fill tho cup of her sorrows. Her father had been working at tho ' musical box, and it would not give forth a note. And as sho lay on her couen, faint and dazed, sho saw that ho looked at her in a manner that was more like that of a fiend than a man. But naturo was exhausted, and sho sank into a heavy sleep, the precursor of that to which thcro is no waking. Arcbio sat and drank, and became more inoano every hour. Ho know tho terriblo hour was approaching, when all would bo over, and ho gloated over it. The rain had cleared away, and as tho even ing woro on the moon rose, and her light streamed into tho room, touching lovingly tho fevered faco of the littlo girl, almost too beautiful for earth. Tho man's candla had gone out. Ho looked at his daughtor and shook his head. Opposite to him sat tho Companion. Ho could not tell what ho was liko; his faco changed so often. Sometimes it appeared that of a yonth, but on whoso fair face was ovcry mark of sin' and crime. Again it was a dark and grim countenance. that of a man in tho primo of his evil days. But occasionally it was tho faco of death, a grimy skull, from tlio cyeeockets of which came a livid blue flame, that medo tho light turn pale. But in ull phases it was horrible ; too horriblo for oven tho imagination of a Blak'o or a Dor6. Not untrcquently it ob- Bumcd a likeness to that of somo of Archie's companions in sin — dead now and damned; and , then it was moro terriblo than over. Tlicso Archio would address, and ho would roceiro replies, heard by nono bat himself, but nono tho loss real. Tho Companion pointed to tho bedroom and Archie obeyed. For a timo ho could not sleep. To hiB sur prise, tlio Companion vanished and was not to bo seen. Ti»b dreadfully, alarmed bim; tho perspiration brokoout oponhim in streams. Tho- silence and darkness, and loneliness was terrible. At last ho fell into & troubled \- slumber, such as alone visit men in his state. It did : not last. long. He woko feeling an unutterable horror, woko to sea a form at his bcdsido &uch; &b; we should pray nover to Bee. The form of ono from the grave, loathsome beyond words, clothed in a shroud of purple . . flame, all tho passions of tho realm of pain ( graven upon its dread features. Then tho '' man knew his hour was come; that at last ho was to receive his reward and to bo num- : bercd with thoso who aro lost for over 1 ' Come," said tho Form in a voico that seemed to come millions of miles — deep, . sepulohral, unearthly. A cold hand was laid upon his— a hand tho ; touch of which sent through his frame tho .tortures of the region whence this figure camo. To this day tho man shows that hand, now partially paralysed with a livid weal upon its , : palm. The figuro led him to tho room where woo Katoloy struggling with the disease that was ' ' sosoon to claim one of tho fairest flowers of . 'earth— a fate hastened by oxposuro and anguish of thb'past few days. Tho moon beams had crept, and tnow illuminated tho swcot littlo faco, now as pale as tho Bnow- flower, now flushed and pink. Tho littlo breast heaved rapidly, tho breath camo and went in flickers. On a littlo table by the . couch was placed her musical box; dumb whon its owner wished eo much to hear its tiny but beloved voico. But' there woro more than the three in that . room. The awestruck man now faco to face with tho door that his Companion had pro- ferrod, saw tho place was full of companies. " -' Tho dead wero thcro orowding oach other, f.; /: mooking, moving, grinning, orowding around / tho; littlo sleeper. Forms wero tbore which \;- v belonged not to this earth nor to the land of '' ghosts; fiends from the depths of perdition j . -come to see tho final act in the tragedy that was to give them a brother, v? . It' scorned to him tho figure guided his . hands to tho box containingthe razor, opened . it, -and placed tho imploment in hiB hands. Its steel blado glittered with a horriblo blue in tho moonlight.- Then tho figuro Bpoko to him in that voico from tho grave, and told him how good it was, how woll designed. Ho _ would torrainato in one moment his lite," and -that; of tho child ho loved so dearly. The world would hoar of the deed, and his revenge be comploto. To their dying day It would bo it reproach to Annie and the WileonB. And when tlio deed was over, all would bo peace, ' peaco for overwore, tho'poaco and' silcnco of the grave i / . How tlio. gboatB ond-theirdread comrades laughed. And yet ho approached tho couob. . . He stooped down and looked at tho thin wasted form of the ohild ho loved so well; ho examined tho fair young nook.' And then— "lather; father," said wee Katio, raising- herself up and throwing her arms around his . ncok. . "All is well now.. Ihavo no fear/- 1 know you will yet . bo happy. . Tho angels . have bcon with mo to-night, and mother, door mother, has been herb, Andthoy sangto mo, oh, so sweetly, better than my poor, box, my poor dumb box. Fatbor, promiso mo whon I am gono to trust in tho dear God who has :, / been so good to me, who loves yon so muoh, and who died for you. Oh, father, hois not tho awful God you think.. Ho is all lovo and forgiveness. Behove in Him, fathor, boliovo . . . in Hun, asl do !" What Bound was this? The razor dropping on tho floor, tbo man's knees as he knelt down, by tho coach. What cbiango was this coming ? Wero his eyes deceiving him ? Tho horrible shadows of tho night vanished, and .in their ' placo appeared somo beautiful aud graoious forms, olad in robes of light. Every moon- boam had its bright vision, beaming with heavenly love upon tho wrotahed sinner. "Katie, Katie," ho oricd; "Theroisachange. Tho stono seems to havo fallen out of. my heart, tbo shadow is lifted oil my soul. And yet hut a fow moments sinco"— hero lio shuddered— " I'was in hell, in the midst of tho spirits of tlio devil and damned." " God has heard me, fathor, that is all," / said the child in roply. Ho movod to get nearer to the coach. As he did so his foot , struck against tho table, it v. swayed, and tho littlo box fell on to tho ground, What was thocauso Iknow not ; but ho fall must havo started the machinery, for it at Onco commenced to play, its tricar, silvery notes ringing through tho chamber. "Thero .it is father," tho child ened m ccBtaoy, " tho voico from Heaven. Don't you hear it father?' . RingtbobcllBoflIcavcn,tlicroisjoyto-day; lor a soul returning from the wild I Sea tho lather meets him oat upon thd way, Welcoming his weary, wandering child I Glory I Glory ! how tho angols sing, - GloTy ! Glory 1 how tbo loud harps ring? Tie tho ransomed army liko a mighty soa, Pcaiing form mo amnem oi ma Froc j Yes! : Ring tho Bells of Heaven 1 for tbo long dark ness is over, tho father has returned. to life and light, tho daughtor is abont to ontor wbero is neither sorrow nor pain nor wear iless. nor tears. Ring tho Bells of Heaven I Ring out tho peal of tho spirits born again, in this world ana in that whioh is to como. Peoplo came in and stood aronnd tbo bod bat the father noticed them not; tho repont- ant Annie, whoso lover had mot her, tho door boy Willie, who had returned with them, to boo his littlo sister. For a time sho rallied, clasping tho bands of bcr dear brother, her restored father./ Bat when his gift camo to that air whioh it had played tho night her mothor died, tho Messenger appeared, the wings of tho Angels nestled in tho room. " Sho is here," said wee Katio, looking up wards, at a moonbeam that lovingly rested upon tho musical box. "I hoar her, I hear hor. Ah! tberoitis."— Homo, sweet homo, our homo for ovor, Wcnry pllgrimnges past, Welcomed bomo to wander nover, Saved through Jesus— Homo at last. 