English and Foreign. Old Country Notes. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, November 2. THE members of the Savage Club marked their sense of the popularity which has been achieved by Sir James Cockle during his two years membership by making him their chair- man at their second dinner of the present winter season. This is an honour which many men who have been connected with the club for years have coveted in vain, and there was an unusually strong rally on the occasion. So it came about that we had the ex-Chief Justice of Queensland in the chair, the present Chief Justice on his right hand, and Mr. Edwin Lilley, Mr. Maurice Lyons, and gentlemen connected with other colonies amongst the guests. No speech-making is allowed at these dinners, which run very much to recitation and song, and the standard by which a good or bad night is reckoned is the quality of the enter tainment given. On Saturday last ? which was tho night in question, the entertainment was particularly good, the author of "Moses and Aaron" aud "She Wanted to be a Fairy" singing his own comic songs; Henry Pyatt, one of our best bass singers, giving us no less than four English ballads, and several actors and authors attending to the recitation department. A day or two afterwards I had the pleasure of sitting down at another table, around which were gathered many gentlemen interested in and belonging to Queensland. The host on this occasion was Sir Charles Lilley himself; and, as the dinner was a strictly private one, I am not permitted to declare what an excellent speech the Agent- General made, or how Sir Charles, with the silvery eloquence by which he is known, stood up for the rights of the colonies against all the world, and rather hinted that the mother country had better be careful what she is about. While upon the subject of Quccnslandcrs I may mention that Sir Charles Lilley and his son wore in the block set apart for distinguished visitors at the close of the International Fisheries Exhibition on Wednesday. That Bame International Fisheries Exhibition has been unparalleled in its success, and all the parties who had a finger in its management deserve credit for tho way in which they have dono their work. Of course nothing succeeds like success, and if circumstances had been unfortunate instead of fortunate the issue might have been very different; but from the first fortune has seemed to favour the scheme. There was no difficulty in the beginning in getting together crowded meetings to pass enthusiastic resolutions. A guarantee fund was raised without any trouble ; the great ones of the earth signified their in tention of supporting the movement; the build ings were erected without hindrance or acci dent. Splendid weather, on the whole, has attended the Exhibition during its six months' existence, and so, with fair breezes filling out its sails, it has come to the end of a magnifi cently remunerative and pleasant voyage. The question now discussed is what honours are to be distributed. Whether any honours are dis tributed or not will depend upon the fiat of onegentleman, whom at present I will not name, and the chances are pretty even that no honours whatever will be given. Mr. Birkbeck, M.P., the chairman of the executive, a very fine fellow, who has worked hard, might have a baro netcy, it is understood; but then it is well known that he does not care for a baronetcy, being himself allied by marriage already to the upper ten, and it is therefore stated that nothing less than a peerage would satisfy him. Then there is Sir Philip Cunliffe Owen, a South Kensington man, who is connected with all these schemes, and who is a favourite of the Prince of Wales. Ho is already a knight, and probably nothing less than a baronetcy would suit him. Afterwards, Mr. Trendcll, the lite rary superintendent, should tumble in for a knighthood. Granted honours of this kind, of courso some of the foreign commissioners would be safe for distinction. Sir Ambrose Shea has been already knighted, though not on account of his services in connection with tho Exhibi tion. But it is openly said that, should titles be knocking about, Mr. Ramsay, of the Now South Wales Court, and Mr. Willmott, of the Canadian Court, will be assuredly in the running. People have been freely discussing the flying rumours of a change of Ministry—a change, that is to say, not in the all-important sense of party, when one Bide goes out and another comes in, but in the sense of reconstruction from within. If I may express a personal opinion, there is nothing to warrant the rumours, except the general belief that the Lord Chancellor and the Speaker intend to re sign atthe first convenientopportunity. Wo had all these speculations, you may remember, last autumn just about this time ; and they all then centred in the probable retirement of tho Lord Chancellor. Now the Home Secretary is worked in very adroitly. Sir William Har court is one of our lively public men who generally get noticed. We get them of that type occasionally—men who are impatient of routine, and who burat the bonds of red tape sometimes, as Samson snapped the osier twigs with which his enemies tied him up. This iv a sure sign of vigorous mind and strong character. As a rule, such men do not get admitted to tho higher walks of official life. They arc too dangerous, restless, and too much a source of anxiety. lam far from saying that "Histori- CUB" is either dangerous, or restless, or a source of anxiety. If such he be, let some one else say so. All I wish to remark is that the vigorous character of Sir W. Harcourt makes him a very interesting member of the Glad stone Ministry, and that this is why every body just now seems to be discussing whether he is to be Lord Chancellor or Speaker. Tho Lord Chancellor, I believe, has had enough of public life. His friends say so at any rate. I have heard him make many speeches, but none of them remain in my memory so abidingly as a most interesting lecture—probably at one of the Church congresses—upon Hymnology. As Sir Koundell Palmer, he edited a hyninbook, show ing his Catholicity by the liberal use he made of Dr. Watts, Doddridge, and Wesley. It is interesting to remember that three of the Lord Chancellors that most, of us have icon and hoard huv<* born tnon nf strong prrsc nul |>i<'ty. Sunday-school teachers, an.l liiinib'o-vorkrrs in the rank and tile. I tn mii liQi-<l<'a rns. Lord Uatherly, and Lor-1 Solbor r". Coo-nnporary with them .van a Prime Minister of thc<Ha:ni> character—(Jljwlstoni!. Lord S^iijorni" is rtr>w over 71 yearn of ape. Wln-tuor he be keeper of the Great Seal or ki»cjn<r of n factory pate, a man ought at such an ago to retire from labour, and be able to turn aside from the turmoil of daily life, sit in the shade, and wait calmly for the summons. The Speaker, Sir Henry Brand, is not a young men either. He was 09 last birthday, and has been Speaker for seventeen years. Have you ever considered the fearful tax upon a man s endurance it must be to be Speaker of the House of Commons ? Try the experiment of sitting in an arm-chair exposed from head to heel to the public view for eight and ten hours at a stretch, with perhaps leave [of absence for twenty minutes during which you may get a mutton chop and a glass of sherry. No chance of lounging about; no chance of putting your feet on the back of a chair; no chance of walking up or down, in or out; no chance of amusing yourself by cutting into the debate on your own account. You are bound to listen to all the rubbish talked, lest at any moment the duty devolve upon you of calling some refractory member to order. If any man in the public service earns his salary it is the Speaker of the House of Commons with his £5000 a year. The first resignation, I am told, will be the Speaker's, and his successor is appointed, not by the Government, though of course they are the real movers in the matter, but by vote of the House of Commons. It is not an easy thing to select a gentleman who will be acceptable to all parties. I must ask permission once more to touch upon Anthony Trollopc'a autobiography. Ho describes minutely how ho used to work at what he continually calls his trade of author ship, and recommends young men who intend to follow literature as a profession to imitate his example. If time or space permitted I should like to point out the number of items in which his advice is bad. But my reference to-day is to his habit of writing in a railway carriage. There is nothing difficult about it. Writing is a much better way of passing through the tedium of a railway journey than reading. It is not so trying to the eyes. Many a time have I written ray way from Manchester to London, getting through more work than would have been uossiblo at my table. The art is to have a stitf background for your paper. The best thing is one of those receipt HIeH with a strong clip. The trick then is to balance yourself on the edge of the carriage scat, and hold your writing pad well up, with the lower edge on your breast. You, your paper, and your pencil soon accommodate yourselves to the swing of the carriage, and the operation ia very easy. I once had tho honour of instructing Bishop Wilberforce in the operation. I was writing in the same carriage, and he took considerable interest in my method, confessing that he was himself in the habit of writing a good deal when travelling, but had till then written upon a despatch-box placed upon his knees. He confessed himself a convert to my plan, but I never had the op portunity of hearing whether he adopted It. There has been of course great disappoint ment amongst those exhibitors at the Inter national Fisheries Exhibition who did not receive a gold medal. Every man Jack of them believed himself entitled to ono, and as they make a pretty good number the disap pointment is proportionate. But there is nothing surprising in this result, which is, after all, but a bit of human nature, breaking out under trying circumstances. The fishing tackle exhibitor are the most wroth, and the public rather sympathise with them. The best of the prizes go to Scotch or North Country makers, leaving well-known London men like Farlow, Williams, and Alfred Loopitt to be content with silver medals only. The explanation probably is that the gentlemen composing the jury were fonder of angling for trout and salmon than for roach, dace, or perch. I have often been amused when travel ling in Scotland to hear the contempt with which the regular salmon fisher speaks of the English Waltonian sitting beside Trent or Thames with his rod, line, and float. The feeling is a natural one, for tho man who has been accustomed to angle for the salmon and sea trout will not care much for meaner game. The jurors must expect a protest backed by all the angling opinion of Cockneydom against their awards. There was to have been an oyster competition during tho last week of the exhibition, but this was abandoned. It is a great pity, for, although we have been suffering from an oyster famine for fivo-and-twenty years nearly, no remedy has been propounded that has met with acceptance. In short we are no better off than we were when, ten years ago, the Government sent out a commission to inquire into the whole business. I can remember, say a score of years since, getting really good oysters in one of the Fleet-street restaurants, at 6d. por dozen; but you have to pay just seven times the price for the same description of mollusc now. This state of things has been brought about by the greedy manner in which tho oysters have been dredged up. The fishermen swooped down upon them, and have not exactly killed the goose that laid the golden egg. for the dealers take good care to keep the prices up, but they have produced an oyster famine. It was hoped that at one of the exhibition conferences a strong opinion would have been pronounced in favour of somo such severe restriction as tho Government placed upon the capture of imma ture lobsters. Somehow, however, the oyster question has been rather shirked, for when it came on for discussion most of the gentlemen who took part in the debate were cither interested in or prejudiced upon the question. The sale of photographs of popular or notorious persons (the two words arc generally synonymous) is one of the new means of amass ing large sums of money, and it has become a regular business. The statement has been circulated that photographs of Miss Anderson, the actress, have been sold to the number of 25,000. Please to fake this as an impudent exaggeration. Something like 10 } 000 have been issued. Who buys these portraits ? What object can people have in spending hnlf-crowns or shillings in portraits of the Kate Vaujjhans, Connie Gilchrista, Lily Laogtrys, and Fortes cues of the period ? Some of them can scarcely find their way into drawing-room albums. But they do sell somehow. The Langtry photographs —it is said that they are to be had m 180 attitudes—have become a drug in the market. The money laid out upon Miss Fortescuc is as good as lost, for the seven or ei^ht pictures produced when her pood luck was known -sin- had never boon ;:e< n in tin; windows before -have not go»io otF very quickly. This is h^ciiu^e, there were published t.h^ Andrrsim portraits, ami MisM A.'nlcnvu Lsa truly b<.:iuii!-i uonric One can Tindcrstnnd why photograph : of lookin? rountnssps. dnohessos, and pr )F<'«sional bcauMcs of the 'TpporT^n" are jiiifha^d. They aptfbJ>l to the innate snobbism of our race. To be able to slloW Y0111" friends tho portrait of Lady Boldi in jour album is almost to be on terms with the aijstocracy. At least it haa that appearance. you might be able tc understand why there be a run upon the Irving and Terry picvJ^es, since there you have somewhat of tribute to Tennis. But lam beaten hollow when asked wh>" th/) shoP w™! dows should be crowded with tht likenesses of hundreds of simpering half-dreascd Jiobodies. The venerable philanthropist, Sn" Moses Monteficre, who has just entered nyCn J llB hundredth year, is and has been all that .nas been said of aim during the last week b/ Gentile tongues and pens. He haa been ©no of those good noblemen of nature whose works do follow them. As a man, ho was both rich and rare. But I have seen no mention made of a story that used to be current respecting him when I was a young man. I used to hear it stated that but for Sir Moses Montefiore it is possible that the Queen would never have come to the throne. Upon such an assertion it was of course natural to express surprise and demand explanations, and then you wonld be informed that Moses Montcfiore had conwde rable influence with the Duke of Kent, and that it was upon his advice that the duchess was brought over from Germany to give birth to the child who the shrewd Jewish banker thought might possibly some day be called upon to ascend the throne. Ido not mean to say that there is any ground for the story, but I often used to hear it told, and amongst several Jewish families of my acquaintance it is a loyally accepted tradition to this day. It was quite delightful at the Fisheries Exhibition on Friday and Saturday to hear the fishermen make speeches. There was no doubting the boast of some of them that they had once been cabin boys on board hurablo smacks, and that they had gathered their knowledge upon the subjects discussed in tho rough sehoolof the seas. It was significant, too, that most of them wore a bit of blue ribbon, though they had the good sense when upon their feet of not dragging their tempe rance principles head and shoulders into argu ments upon quite different matters. Whero had they learned to speak so well, a gentle man asked me. I fancy I could have told him. Some of them, I dare say, from their way of going to work, had done not a little local preaching in their time; others had dabbled in politics, and been great giina amongst their fellows at the school-room gatherings, to settle the affairs of parish and nation. Anyhow, they made a most creditable appearance, and, though their speech betrayed them to be unlearned and even illiterate men, they urged their views in a manly and forcible manner that gained them a respectful hearing and genuine applause. Strange to say, they passed a resolution in viting Government interference in their busi ness, and this in the teeth of opinions expressed by such theorists as Professor Huxley, who believes that the fewer fetters there are upon the fishing industry tho better it will be for the public, as well as the fishermen themselves. Lord Mayor's Day will not be abolished this year, whatever may happen in the reforming days that arc to come. Of course in the Lord Mayor's show there is a good deal of what people call torafoolory, as indeed thore is in roost ceremonials. But the celebration is very dear to the Cockney mind, since it symbolises the supremacy of the City of London, and so it is permitted on all hands that business shall be turned upside down for one day, and the streets filled with crowds, amongst whom gangs of roughs prowl, to mark the beginning of another civic year. This year tho route is a little altered in consequence of the abolition of the Westminster Law Courts, but the thing is so arranged that the Strand and Fleet-street are included. Virtually, therefore, there will be but little difference seen this year. For three years running the corporation has not known how much more life would be left to it, but the threatened, according to the old saying, live long. The Leeds Liberal Conference decided that the County Franchise ought to come before the Municipal Government bill, and though the Home Secretary is said to be very eager to introduce sweeping reforms into the raisgovernment of London, the chances are that another year of grace will be given to Gog and Magog. The Lord Mayor's partisanship is already causing anxiety to his friends. As chief magistrate of tho city he should have no politics, but ho has already decided not to extend the hospitality of tho Mansion House to tho Transvaal depu tion. As Mr. Fowler, the rich banker and prosperous citizen, he would have a right to shut his door in their face; as Lord Mayor, representing not one political party, but all parties, he has no right to import his well known privato opinions into his official actions. But this hot-headed indiscretion is what has been feared from the moment of his election, though no one supposed he would begin so very soon. Let the hypercritics who glory in discovering glaring examples of what is termed newspaper English give heed to this little instance of scholarly offence in the same direction. Sir Arthur Acton, a Royalist commander in tho Civil Wars, was thrown from his horse at the siege of Oxford, and in consequence had to wear a wooden leg. lint he wont into war again, and waa killed at. the sack of Droghcda. Anthony Wood, an old biographer, describes the tragedy in tho words—"He was hacked to pieces and his brainy dashed out with his wooden leg." But in a modern history which came under my notice two days since I find the incident related in another way, namely— " His artificial limb served to despoil his skull of its contents." The lion lying down with the lamb has always been a favourite illustration to signify the meeting of extremes. We were naturally re minded of it on Saturday, when the Tory Marquis of Salisbury's daughter was married to the son and heir of the Liberal Lord Chan cellor. There is nothing peculiar in the trans action. Intermarriage between people of dif ferent sects and creeds is as fashionable now in the upper ten as in any other class of English men. Liberals and Tories, Churchmen and Jewesses, Infidel and Catholic, have we seen in very recent times join hands at the altar. As the papers say of some Parliamentary elections, "this makes no difference in the balance of parties." Just as the marriage of a prince of ono country with the princess r>f another nevor I'rcvori's :i war lio'v.v-'ii th» two, s-> those- inter jiiarriau'eshave no elfrct whatever upon politic* Tin- piiasai t part <>t tliccorrii uny on Kutunlay vas to see tin; fiii:i>d.y manner in which men of opposite silk's f rut-.Tuwcd. <>f i."ourse it \\\a* tot to Ik; supposed that; on ho festive an occa sion, and in a church which was gay as a con cert room, Mr. fJMstntio would take tho opportunity of making meuths at Lord Salis bury, or that the Lord Chancellor would beckon Lord Cranbrooko behind the pulpit and call him a scoundrel. But there wa* an all-round cordiality which illustrated, very nicely, tho way in which, in this country, politics are as a rule conducted, at any rate amongst our best politicians. It had been given out, by the way, that tho marriage was to be quite a prirate affair ; yet there were 200 invited guests, and the church was crammed with an excited and fashionably-dressed crowd. The ceremony—it need hardly be said perhaps in connection with All Saints', Margaret-street—was as " high" as it could be in the English Church. The name of Lord Salisbury naturally sug gests the question of poor people's dwellings. The noble marquis has written upon it in the Natiotiul Jievittw, and the article has created a sonsation. But will it do good? After tho nine days' wonder is over, will there be even the ghost of an improvement in the condition of the poor man '! I doubt it. Ever since I could understand newspapers, wo have had periodical exposures and appeals. Lord Salis bury states that "thousands of families"— speaking of the metropolis—" havo only a single room to dwell in, where they sleep and cat, multiply and die, while for this mise rable lodging they pay a price ranging from 2s. to ss. per week." But I have heard and read that statement any time during the last twenty years. Now that the landlord class, the wealthy men, are taking the question up something may be done. It would require very little sacrifice on their part to provide suitable dwellings for the very poor, who have never yet received any benefit from the schemes by which the artisan of regular income has reaped great advantage. What is wanted is rolief to the miserable lot of the poorest of the poor. They cannot afford to pay the rents required at model lodging- houses, nor railway fares to Shaftesbury Estate. Verily theirs is a hand-to- mouth existence, and Social Science Congresses, and the other moral and spiritual movements upon which large sums of money are spent, have never yet been able to bring about a material change in the condition of this miserable residuum. The real hindrance is, I am afraid, the devoted worship we pay to " Number One." The landlord wants as much rent as he can get; property must return something that will not disgrace the genius of inTostment. I do not know of an instanco where a rich landlord has said, " Pull down this block of dirty dwellings. I will build new habitations in which my poor brother shall live cleanly at rent within his means, and if the returns are profitable, well; if not, still well. " 