ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (Br Tnu GcOSTr.) August 10. There has been another short Parliamentary week, and, as regards honourable members of the Assembly, a merry one. On Wednesday the Lower House adjourned shortly after sic o'clock in order to allow the members of that Chamber who had not partaken of the Govern ment House hospitalitiss on the previous weel to stretch their legislative legs under the festive mahogany of the gubernatorial residence. LHonourablo gentlemen with patronymics, the lir?stletter of which ranged from A to M, liad already been regaled by the Marquis of Normanby, and this week's dinner was there forn limited to those whoso names commence with the letters of the second half of the alphabet. His Excellency adopts the plan of feeding the Legislature in batches. All Parlia ment at once would prove oven too strong a dose for even such a seasoned political veteran as our Governor has shown himself to be. Yet despite the limited amount of time devoted to work, the progress of legislation has been very satisfactory. The Railway Manage. meet Bill is nearly through Committee, and the estimates of expenditure proposed to be devoted to railway construction agreed to. The Council, too, has been most diligent disposing of tihe Post-office and Dog Bills. In order to effect the latter object the Upper House sat on Thursday, thus showing how much more im bued they are with feelings of patriotism than their fellow legislators "in another place." They have a soul above dinner parties, even when the hoat is a peer of the realm, and euorn mayoral balls. And although members of the Assembly gave as the reason for not meeting on Thursday their desire to be present at the municipal elections in their several districts, there is little doubt that the prospect of the civic hospitality to be dispensed on the evening named had far more to do with the adjourn ment than any desire to take their share in municipal responsibilities latent among the Peoples representatives. Bo this, howorever, as it may, no one will grudge the members of the Aesembly their little holiday. They hav fairly earned it, and it they only go on as they have begun the present Assembly will do much towards restoring to Parliament the good name, without which it can never command respect. The "little unpleasantness" that occurred on Tuesday between Mr. George Cornwall, the well-known contractor, and lMr. Hugh M'Coll, i.P., and which resulted in the honourable member being felled and rendered insensible by his burly antagonist, is to be brought before the law courts, in the shape of an action for damages. It would be improper, therefore, to express any opinion in reference to the merits of the ease, but it is transgressing no rule of propriety to say that public sympathy is entirely on the side of Mr. M'Coll. whose age and position should have protected him from the savage assault to which he was a victim. Whenever matters in the mining world be come a little lively, a new district is certain to be discovered. Whether the re- awakening of the dormant speculative tendency in human nature causes the discovery, or whether the discovery stimulates speculatorse, is a problem in political economy which ma} he left to stu dents of that science. But when the late period of depression in the mining market passed away, the Dark River district was opportunely found, and at the present time is the cynosure of allinvestors. Syndicatea;to mark out or purchase claims, to send agents and prospectors to this new Tom Tiddler's ground, are asplentiful as nobblers on a polling day. And, of course, whera the carrion is the eagles are to be found. The eagles in this case are the "jumpers." Rumour has it that a " jumps" party has been formed, and is even now at work on the rich claims applied for under the leasing regulations, and that the title of the present holders of sonme of tice richest roofs are to be assailed. And the thousand tongued lady moreover asserts that among the marauders ire to be found a barrister (once a member of the Assembly), a well-known Balla rat solicitor, and one or two gentlemen well knownin the metropolitan goldfield as adepts at discovering faulty,titles, and turning the dis covery to their own profit. However, now that the designs of tie amiable black-mailere are known, it will he well for claim holders to be on the look out. In the early days of the gold eolds, jumpers often had summary punishment dealt out to them. We have grown more civil ised now, and don't spuse them in mud holes or lower them down " shicers." We simply go to law with them. The old.fashioned plan was decidedly the preferable one. The Daily Telegraph will at the beginning of next month change hands. The purchasers are gentlemen comprising among their number some of the most wealthy and influential in the com munity. The paper is to be enlarged, and as the new proprietary intend running it on the same politicalline it has travelled so steadily since its inauguration, and with them "money will be no object," the other metropolitan dailies bid fair to be shorn of a portion of their laurels. Some weeks ago there was some talk of establishing a fourth daily newspaper in Melbourne. But wiser counsels appear to have prevailed, and the rumour has died out. The Yankees aver that overy man thinks he can ride a race, drive a four-in-hand, and conduct a newspaper. Although the two first accom plishments are by no means common, the latter one is by far the rarer. Many have tried, but very few have succeeded. Thossonly who have attempted the task know how difficult it is to start a new journal. But then "fools rush in where angels fear to tread ;" and is not the world, as Carlyle has it, composed of " mostly fools '" The simmer of excitement caused by the refusal of the Government to allow the "in. formers" on board the Pathan to land in Victoria has died out with the departure of the steamer from Hobson's Bay. As it turns out, events have justified the course taken by the Premier. Kavanagh and Hanlon, who at first cursed Mr. Service roundly, have been brought to bless him and hail him as a friend and benefactor. Had they insisted on remain ing here and carried out their avowed intention of swimming ashore, theso is little doubt that they would have paid the penalty of their rashness with their lives. Now that the affair is over, it is a little difficult to acounnt for the fuss made over it. Surely two rmilians are not sufficient to leaven an entire community. And then there are some persons who-and not without some show of reason-look upon the pair as benefactors to society. Haind it not been for the informers, one of the darkest deeds in modern history would hbre remained unde tected. Are they not rather to be thanked than ahused by alllovers of retributive justice ? The Court sitting in its Matrimonial Jurisdic tion is not likely to grow dusty for lack of use. There lihas, if the mauraisca langues are to be credited, been plenty of causeo'gven for the inter feronco of their honors the judges between tihose whom God has joined together. It is not wise to indicate the exact locmlity of the scandals by even hinting that the place is within the ortho dox hundred miles from thisor that metropolitan suburb. But the occurrence of so much con nubial unplluanotness at this season of the year is somewhat phenomenal. "Spring is," one poot assorts, "the time for love," and ]yron has placed on record the fact that the peculiar offence that leads happy pairs to seek the dis ruption of the matrimonial bonds is " much more common when the climate's sultry." We are, however, at the antipodes here, where every thing ought to be topsy.turvy. Perhaps that is why midwinter here in Anetralia witnooesses scenes which on the other side of the globe are often but " midsummer madness." The rceckrd George Roper still lies on thl Lonsdale Reef, but the prospect of agail float ing tile ship, at one time sanguinely enter tained, Is now of tihe faintest. The cargo, iow over, still continuos to be got out, and every day a steamer load of goods proceeds from Queoensclill to Melbourne. But oven this faot would hardly account for the display of the enormous quantity of salvage from the wreck displayed in every part of the metropolitan and suburban drapery establishments. Strango as it may appear, people as a rule, and especially tice members of the fair sex, have a hankering after "damnaged goods.' Tihe female love of "hargains" doubtless is accountable for this fancy. And knowing this, the managers of the shops in which ladies most do congregate, fool their customers to the top of their bont. Old stock is sorted up and by means of a watering 'can, cunningly used in the back yard of the draper's premises, " salvage goods are mnnu factured wholesale. And as the process of manufacture is not patented, and is therefore free to all the world, it is very generally availed of. The cleverest of the "manufacturers" dd salt to the water used. It serves to render the illusion mnore complete, and qluite convinces the sceptical in regard to the "genuine "nature of the goods. Apparently both the management of our places of publie amusement, and the public who patroniso them, are quite satisfied with the good things respeotlively provided for them. There ihas been no change in the programmes of ally of the theatres, which, as a rule, haveo been fairly well attended. htiss Emilio Melville's ,'ent, Monty Brown, has arrived from Ado .ldeo to make arrangements for the appearance of the little lady at the Princess next week. 