MELBOURNE GOSSIP (By .The Ghost.) . ; .... . -,??,,. June 23. As the time. approaches: whon the halls o£ pur Legislature are once more to re sound to the eloquenoe of .the chosen of: the people, honourable members are again beginning to bo seen at their accustomed haunts. , Thev havo riot been much on view lately, , and excepting on Wednes daySi which have been set apart by Min isters as sacred to deputations, when they are 'kept on tho tramp, running from one Government office to another introducing constituents and influential local busy bodies, the pavement of Bourke and Ool lins streets has not been much worn by legislative footsteps. . . ? To those who merely see the surface of tho political world, the present aspect of affairs would lead to the impression that the Government are destined to have a long tenure of power. To others, how ever, who look deeper, tliere are not wanting indications ' leading to the con clusion that the numbers of those who havo sworn fealty to the Service-Berry combination are quite ready to be relieved of their obligation, and will oast off' the yoke— a galling one to many of them — on the first favourable opportunity that presents itself. Men who. have served as officers do not, as a rule relish having to accept 'tho position of rank and file, and in the phalanx : that bicks the Ministry there are too many of this class to whom ? their present subordinate position must be'gall and wormwood. Is Mr. Richardson, for instance, pleased at the prospect of having to sit out in the cold for an indefinite period ? Does not the.mighty soul of Mirams possess itself in unrest at the thought of the body that forms its habitation finding a resting place on the Government cross benches? And is 'the Major,' the personal friend and political ficlus aclyxtes of the' Chief Secretary, amicably disposed towards his late chief for preferring Deakin and Langridgb and Tucker ? Above all, is Patterson ready loyally to accept the situation V When all these questions can be replied to in the affirmative the Government will be out of danger. At present though the cry may bo ' Peace)' there is no peace. The quiet is that of the volcano, . whioh, -when its internal bones have. gathered sufficient strength, is certain, as our American cousins would say, to 'erupt.' ',..-'' '''!, '!' ?If, however,; there; is' littlo' .'apparent aotivity in thp political1 world, the i mining world'is showing alarge amount of vitality. Sandhurst and Ballarat stocks) eyon ; In the old established and favourite claims, are neglected it is true, 'but'* av new field has been discovered in the least known part of Victoria that has infused now life into speculators. The Dark river distriot is now the cynoBiiro of all mining eyes. Its reefs are of fabulous riohness and size, only requiring the orootion of proper machinery to givo largo fortunes to the lucky shareholders. This Tom Tiddler's ' ground is sufficiently distant and suffi ciently inaccessible to invest it with a sort of mystery, and bring the old pro verb,' ' omnc ignotum pro nuxgnijico' to mind. You soe tho ancients wero ovi dontly of tho samo opinion as thu bo nighted mo'lerna, who allege that ' tho devil you know. is preferable to the dovil you don't know.' We evidently prefer new friends to old ones. Pobplo are talking of tho caso of the Italian Napoli, who, incarcerated two years ago to await his trial for a gravd offence, was found to bo insane and has boon detained in gaol and in a lunatic asylum j' during his Excellency's plea sure. ' Last wook ho was supposod to be sufficiently recovered to plead, and waa accordingly brought into court. But tha doctors. still averred tho man was mad, and judge and jury concurring, Napoli was Bunt back to his cell. Tho question is being asked why ho was brought out of it. The authorities in Italy are willing to receive the unfortunate fellow. Would it not bo wise on tho combined ground of humanity and economy to comply with tho request ? Mrs. Hampson, the lady Evangelist, has 'been tho sensation of tho wook. Tho Town Hall lias nightly been crowded from floor to ceiling to listen to tho eloquent preacher, and hor midday ministrations have filled the hall of the Young Men's Ojiristian Association with overflowing audiences. She has quito 'cut out' even tho pot parsons of our most aris-' tocratic suburbs, who must, if clergymen over indulge in such weakness, feel rather envious at her immense sucooas. Mrs, ' Hampson owes nothing to art ; she relies entirely on Nature. And Booth to say, Naturo has buen kind to' tho lady. She has a commanding pre sence — is in fast what the French . would stylo un belle femmc, and is. endowed with a strong, clear, and resonant voice. Sho throws a large amount of, earnestness into hor work, and herein no doubt lies, tho main Bocret of hor attraction. At each of the services numbers of persons publicly avow their conversion, won over by the persuasive eloquence of the ' preacher, for in addition to her other \ Rifts Mrs. Hampson undoubtedly poa- . sessos that of oratory. Her . advent in Melbourne is nothing if it be not the ' signal for a great religious revival. ' Annexation, federation, and oxplora- , tion are subjects just now all' receiving r attention. The two first have been so ' threshed out' — which is a synonyme for ' ?' worried to death' — by the Press, that ; there islittleor nothing left to write about . in connection with them. The exploration of- Now Guinea to be undertaken at tho instance and at the expense of the Age is ' likely to prove interesting. Mr. Ernest Morrison, who headB the exploring party, \ is a raconteur 'of no mean capacity, and when he publishes his account of ' Ye Customs and Manners of ve Nativos.' will— contrary to the wont of some ' authors— present us with something worth reading; The stupid propheoios anon I; impending commercial failures not having been ful filled, the authors of tho silly and wicked reports have been compelled to explain them away. This thoy do by stating that 'the1 creditors of the firms irapli- .' cated have agreed to allow them an ex- ' tension of time.' They would have done far better had they had the manli ness to say that they had been spreading untruths — dealing oowardly stabs in tho ?' dark — and for the sake of awakening a ' little curiosity had descended to write lies. In default of their doing this them selves, others will do it for them. There is every probability of tho1 exhi- ? bition of Australian products, which Mr. Twopeny is getting up entirely in the ? interests of the colony — and. of course utterly regardless of any pecuniary ad vantages that may accrue to himself— proving a great success. The councillors of tho Shire of Newham have expressed their unqualified approval of the scheme, '? and have signified this to tho world at ' large, through the medium of a circular. ? This should settle the question. Many persons will, doubtless, ask whoro is the Shire of Newham ? They will, by consult ing the latest Victorian Gazetteer, dis cover that it is a '* Shiro situated at the head of the Saltwater river.' In regard to matters theatrical thero is not much to chronicle. Miss Jenny Watt Tanner is ill, and her place has been admirably filled by that promising young aotress Miss Maggie Knight. Miss Pomeroy has mado her appearance as .. some of Shakespeare's heroines, whioh .. parts suit her infinitely bettor than do ', any in the modern comedies in which she has been seen. Mr. Cates is ably sup porting Wybert Reeve in ' Diplomacy,' ' which piece the public aro at last begin ning to appreciate, and G. Eignold still ' continues to fret and foam his little hour* .' on the boards of the Royal. ' \ ' ', '.Thb ABO. Pocket GTJiDBADonneljy'a - handy1 little .'?.'' ABO. Time .Table', and ..; Pocket Guide' for July is issued, with its ! v Bual punctuality. 