I Xl'OIil'ING INTELLIGENCE. WYNDQAM Races. The winter meeting of the Wyndham Racing Club was held at the Werribee on Saturday. The weather was fine, and as a special train was put on, and no other race meeting took place on that day, there was a larger attendance of metropolitan visitors on the plains than the club has ever had before. The special train started from town punctually to the advertised time, but that was not the case on the return Journey, The advertised time for leaving the course was S 35 p.m., but why it should be 35 minutes after the last race was run it is hard to say. had the train been at the course platform at 6 o'clock the visitors could have been all scaled and run into the siding at Wyndham by 20 minutes past 5 o'clock, to allow the train from Melbourne to Ballarat to pass. Instead of that, however, the train was kept at the station, and it was more than a quarter of an hour after the Ballarat train had passed that the special was backed down to the platform, or exactly 26 minutes behind time. A further delay occurred at the Wyndham station, and, although a special train, it stopped at all stations. Some of the visitors who came from across the Murray were loud in denouncing such a system at management, and emphatically declared that it would not be attempted in Sydney. With regard to the racing the sport was of an interesting character. The coarse was in good order, the fields were large for a country meeting, and Home of the finishes rather exciting. Unfortunately, how ever, the pleasure of the afternoon was spoiled by the accidents in the steeplechase. A lad named Rose, a son of Mr Charles Rose, of Ballarat, who was in the employ of Mr. R. Howie was killed opposite the stand. Rose, at his special request, was allowed to make his debut as a jockey by riding Sunshine in the Steeplechase. The horse was in good condition, had been hunted all the season, and bad safely negotiated two fences. He was running second in the fence opposite the stand, which he struck heavily, and falling on his head, he turned completely over, crushing the poor boy under neath him. Death must have been instan- taneous. The other accident happened in the second round to Barlow, who was riding Rocket. He had made the running to within 50 yards of the fence, when he full. The horse was uninjured, but poor Barlow had his collar-bone broken. The horse was not in a fit condition to be sent for a steeplechase of two miles and a quarter, as he had only recently been taken off the grass, and the general opinion was that the animal which in proper condition would be a very formidable opponent over timber fell from sheer exhaustion, The programme, which contained five events, opened with a Selling Handicap, for which eight horses started. Queen Elizabeth was most fancied. She ran well forward to the distance, when she was passed by Nymph, Ardleigh, and Drumstick, the horses finishing us placed, a head only separating the first two. Half a dozen weighed out for the Handicap Hurdle Race, which was won rather easily by Miller, who made all his own running, Stormbird being second, and Merry Maid third. On returning to weigh in M'Donald, the rider of Miller, got on the scale, but the weights could not be found. At first it was thought that some malicious person had purposely removed the weights, but after a delay of about a quarter of an hour they were found amongst Some lead in the weighing-room. The Wyndham Handicap brought out a field of 13, Corio lands having the call in the betting, Ver dure, attended by Coriolanus and Barley Bree, cut out the work at a fair pace for about three quarters of the distance, when she retired. As the distance Coriolanus and Barley Bree were together, when Cracknell brought Bonnie line out from the rock, and with one of his grand rushes landed the stake by a little over a length from Coriolanus, who was clear of Burley Bros. A protest was entered by Mr, Maitland against Bonnie Bee, on the ground that he had run in New South Wales under another name, and also at a meeting not advertised in the Victorian Racing Calendar. Subsequently, however, Mr. Maitland found that he was incorrectly, informed, and accordingly withdrew the protest. For the Steeplechase eight horses faced ' Mr. Inglis, although nine weighed out. Pride bolted whilst taking his preliminary, and the others were started without him. Rocket cut out the running for about a mile and a-half, when he came down a cropper, which left the favourite, Magic, with a long lead. Peter, who had been amongst the ruck, started in pursuit, and made a gallant effort to reach the favourite, but failed.; had Ratty, however, had a whip, he might have scored a win ; Yerlo finished a good third. After the fatal accident in this race, it was amongst the, stewards would have withdrawn the last event, the Werribee-park Handicap, but they did not. Chloris was made a good favourite for it, and although she led and ran very gamely, The Ghost, who was always in close attendance, beat her cleverly by half a length. Belle Brandon was a good third. Annexed are the particulars of the different events :? SELLING HANDICAP,' Of 50 sovs. Three-quarters < ( a mile. Mr. S. G. Cook's b f Nyrupn, by Hawthornden? Queooof ClubS 2yra(£S0), 7st (Johnston) .. 1 Mr. J. M'drudü'a br h Ardleigh, 8 yrs (Mr), 6at. Hit). (Croker). 2 2. 2 Mr. J. Bnqul'a is in Drumstick, 2 yrs. (nil), 7st., carried 7st. 4lb (Walters Mr. B, Weeks b o Glory, 3 yrs (£20), 8st. 8lb. (Puny). _ .... _ 0 Mr. F. Q. Bailey's b m Maid, 6 yrs (WO), 8st. 7lb. (Darr) _ 0 Mr. J. Patterson's br h Wblapar, 6 yrs (nil), 8st. (Hughes).. ..' 0 Mr. T. Jones' br m Queen Elizabeth, 3 yrs (all), 7st. 5lb. (Kilby) 2 .... if Mr. u. Young's ch in Queen Mab, 4 yrs (nil), 7st. (Stokes) .. ..?..? 0 i1«u1iik.?7 to i again Queen Elizabeth, 4 to 1 agst Whisper, 6 to 1 agst Are High, Nymph, and Drum shock. To a rather lmlifttiront start, Whisper and Queen, Elizabeth wore the first 11 know In (runs, Nymph null t'lliuwilck lying suit. As they ran along the back to the far turn (into Elizabeth forged ahead, Nymph going on second, and Whlspur third, whilst Drum. it-Ink wan lying well up, (Queen Mab and Ardagh being last. At the turn trim the straight Drumattck turn up in the line, and at the brush time Ardent came with a rush on the outside. Turning into the olraUrlit Drlimtillck had a slight advantage of Nymphs, who had deprived (Queen Elizabeth of the lead At The distance Ardahan and Uruuietlck parsed Queen Hlly.abotli. Half-way up the straight Nymph and 3rd Light drew ahead, but although the latter came very that he failed to reach the mare, who was landed a winner by a head, Urnmatlck nearly two lengths off third, with Queen Elimlititli [mirth, Time, lm. 20\. The winner was bought in at £21. HANDICAP' HURDLE RACE, Of 50 Sovs. About one mile and three-quarters. Mr. M. Grey's ch g Miller, h; Planet, 5 yrs, 9st. 7lb).. carried 6st 61. (McDonald's Mr. H. Battye's b g stormbird, aged, 10st. 2lb. (Wall). Mr. M Jacobs's ch m Merry Maid, 3 yrs, 10st. 2lb, (Hunt). 2 2. 2 -3 Mr. J. M'Grade's b g Black Prince, aged, 10st 8lb. (Floyd) ... _ .. 0 Mr. T lltrrliictou's b g Springfield (late Stranger). aged, 10st. (Jolkittl. 0 Mr. (G. Glasscock's b g Tandarook, aged, 9st. 10th (Klldurt) .. _ . _ 0 Halling.? 2 to 1 agst Merry Main), 3 to 1 gat Storm bird, 4 to 1 agst Black Prime, 0 to 1 agst Miller. Too lialf.dor.ett were despatched 00 pretty even terms, Stormbird being quickest on his legs, followed by Miller and Black Prince; Merry Maid was fourth, with Springfield and Tamluronk last. before they had tion much over 100 yards Millertvaslnkunto the front, and he led the field along at a fair pace. Going round the far turn Tandarook raised the hopes of his friends by running up scored, but it was only a spasmodic effort, as he dropped back again, and ran Use all the way. Millar led into the straight, and passed the stand with Black Prince and Stormbird In close attendance, Merry Maid still running fourth. This order was kept to the back of the course, where Black Prince was done with. Miller continued in the van, and, going well, won rather easily by a couple of lengths from Stormbird who washing of Merry Maid; Black Prince was fourth, Springfield next, and Tandarook IsBt. Time, Bra. 463. WYNDHAM HANDICAP. Of 60 Btivd. One mile and a distance. Mr. A. McDonald's be in Bonnie Bee, by Bonny Car lisle? Miss Wasp, 6 yrs, Obc. 8lb (Cracknell) .. 1 Mr. H. K Maitland's br h Coriolanus, i ora, Bit. of. (Burton) ... 2 2 Mr. A. Davis's br h Barley Brae, 5 yrs, 9st. 12th. (Stroke-) A .... ? 8 Mr. R. K. Maitland's br h Gudarz, i yrs, 9st. 7lb. (Owner) 2 .' ..0 Mr. A. R. Inglis g m Verdure, 6 yrs, 8st. 61. . (Everett).. .. ? 0 Mr. J. Patterson's ch g Wizard, 6 yrs, 8st. Bob. (Hughes). 2 0 Mr. A. Hiqul'e b g Squirrel, 5 yrs, 8st. lib. (Walker). 0 Mr. S. Miller's b m Ooorconn, i yrs, 7st 10lb. (Carroll) - . TO Mr. R. Lewin's b m Belle Brandon, 6 yrs, 7st. 3lb. (Maundore) _ ? .- 0 Mr. H. Connelly's g m Zephyr, 4 yrs, Oat. 181. (Stratford) . _ 0 Mr. J. Taylor's b b Moscow. 6 yrs, 6st. 10lb. (Burr) 0 Mr. E, Johnstone's b c Kit Nubbles, 3 yrs, 9st. 10lb. (Brown) .. - ." - ? 0 Mr. T. Phillips's b f Amelia Victoria, 2 yrs, 9st. 7lb. (Blair) .. _ . _ 0 settings to 2 agat Coriolanus, i to 1 agst Verdure, 5 and 6 to 4 that any other. A good start was (ordered, Coriolanus, or the Inside, being first away. Passing the stand Verdure was read Irish, with Coriolanus second, then came Barley Brew and Belle Brandon In close attendance, Squires and The Wizard being at the head of the next division. Kit Nubbles acting as whipper-in. lining round to the back of the course Barley Bros took up the running, followed by Coriolanus and Verdure. At the far turn the Bon of Tubal Cain went up to Barley Brae, and Verdure dropped back, apparently beaten. Belle Brandon, Wizard, and Squires were next in attend, once, with Uonnlo Bbo and Coreena together, half a length away. At the district the Russians pair drew away from the others, when Umcbnell, with one of his fatal ruffles, brought Bonnie Bee out of the rock on the outside, and catching the leaders at the end of the stand, won landed by a little over a length from Coriolanus, who was just clear of Barley Brae, Wizard, Verrlnro, Sqnlreon, and Zephyr finishing in the order named. Time - 2nd. le. HANDICAP' STEEPLECHASE, Of 50 boys. About two miles and a quarter. Mr. T. Ferguson's b kMokIc, by Lottery, aged, 10st. 7lb. ('Thornton). v. 1 Mr. P. Whitty's b g Peter, 0 yrs, 9st. 6th. (Batt).. 2 Mr. J. O. Inglis's b g Merlo, aged, 9st. 5lb. (Richards) 2.. 2 3 Mr. G. Glasscock's b g Scotchman, aged, Holt. -lib (Kilduff) -. - 0 Mr R Johnson's b g Napoleon, 0 yrs, Oat. 121. (Bust) .. ~ 0 ttr 8. Shrimpton's b g Gold Top, 5 yrs, 9st. 10lb. (Grey) 2 6 Mr. J. M'Grade's b g Pride, 6 yrs, heat (Fined).. (40s.) Mr. Kelly's b h Sunshine, 6 yrs. 9st. 10lb (Rose) (dish.) Mr. R. U. Burton's b g Rocket, aged, On. (Barlow). - (did) Hull by 16 to 4 straw May, 6 to 1 bar one. Whilst riding Mo preliminary uAutor I'rldo bolted and Ratlmed right round the course before Floyd \- might, pull him up-, consequently the other eight were a large.) wUnmu like. Rocks was the first to show in front with us and like in his immediate nUcuda*)t, then east Yodo and Scotchman. Napoleon and Gold Top ml in mat, and Marie and Fever last. At the second jump line It! and sunshine were the leading pair, and Gold Top, who had run up third, race round, but one clause in the race. Locket led into the straight and over the fence in front of the stand where Sunshine turned a complete somersault, and falling on his jnckey?Rosn^killcd him on the spot. The others all get over more, Gold Top and Nipilcnn hereafter lengths behind the leader. Along theatre Yorke went up accord. with Mackay Hinterland cjuotohiuui following to the order named, whilst Gold Top and No per son had dropped back last This order was kept along to the bucket where KorkeUncrent.ed bin load to four lengths from Yerlo, who was six lengths In front Magic. A! one too far side Rocket was cast cd a little, and being joined by Yerlo the pair drew away and led the final by 20 lengths, alarm being raised. Coming to finding the attain the favourite was not out and pulled Yerlo. Ilockot led by the stand, with Maule two lengths away, then caron Yorke, Gold Top, Peter, Napoleon, and Scotchman, Rounding the torn from thofctraght Makin walked to the front by Thomson, who turned sharp round, Rocket going on second, Yorke third, and Peter fourth. At the next fence Rocket came down, and Barlow (the jockey) had hit colt Carbine broken. This left Manila with a load, of nearly 50 lengths of Yerlo Along the back Peter went In panel of the leader, and from the last fence a good race home ensued. Batty rode most determinedly, but the favourite always had slightly the heart of it, and was landed by nearly two lengths; Yorke was a goodshed, then came Gold Top, Napoleon, and Scotchman. No time taken, VVKHIUBKE-PAItK HANDICAP, Of sOBOR. (the rest of tires. T. and A. OF music) Seven furlongs, Mr. T. Jnnea'fl For ch h The Ghost, by Tregeagle? Ada, 5 yrs, 8st. 12lb. (O'Brien) ? .. 21 Mr. T. Chirnside's br f Chloris, 2 yrs, 6st. 10lb. (Cracknell) . 22 Mr. H. Lewis's br m Belle Brandon, 6 yrs, 7st. 10lb. (Sandys-). a 8 Dr. R. K. Maitland's br b Gudarz, 4 yrs, 10st. lb. (Burton). 0 Mr. A. Harris b 0 Mistake, 3 yrs. 8st 2lb. (Walker).. - 0 Mr, R. Connelly ns b m Cub 1 fO.a, 6 yrs, 8st. (Gardner) of..?-.. 0 Mr. J, G Reid's br g C tara 4 yrs. 6st. 121, (Stratford) ,- M .. M O Mr. T. near br m Queen Elizabeth, 5 yrs, 9st. 10lb (Blair) 0 Mr. J Fi.zrny'e ch 0 Redbank, 3 yrs, Oat 81. (Morrow).. M H H 0 Mr. 5, Wulttinehatn'd br g Rooftroe, 4 yrs, 9st. 8lb. (St. Bacchus). 0 Mr J. H Fairchild a b in Her Majesty, 4 yrs, 6st. 7lb. (Oplu) .... ? 0 Betting.- 6 to i agat Chloris. 5 to any other. Rooftrtfo was very fractious at the post, but after three attempts the lot were sent away to a etrafTRlInfr, title, of which The Ghost putellülitly the best, closely attended by Chloris and Belle Brandon. Before many yards had been traversed, Cracknell took the f«v<>url'0 to the front and sent her along, at a good pace, The GhoHtbtlnçBOcotiil, and Belle Brandon third, Gudarz, who was at the head of the next division, but not the only one that seemed to have any chance of pickets with the leaders. Along the back and round the far turn Cblnrlu had a strong lead, The Ghost being second, Gudarz third, and Belle Brandon fourth, whilst Red. bank acted as whipcord Along- the side and turning into the straight The Ghost rapidly overhauled the favourite, and catching her about 60 yards from the post, heather cleverly by half a length. Belle Brandon, who came a rain In the straight, passed Gudarz, and finished a good third. Time, 1m. 8s. 