WYESLEYAN CEIUnC, WILLIAMS TOWN. Rv-. Min. DoDGSOS, the new Wesleyan minister, preached .for the first time in Williamstown on Sunday forenoon last, from the text St. Luke xi. c. 13 v. In the evening the rev. gentleman delivered a sermon from the text-Psalms xli-3. " I waited patiently for the Lord, and he inclined unto me and heard my cry. He brought me up also out of the miry clay, ant set my feet upon a rock, and established my goings. And he bhth put anew song in my mouth, eoen praise unto our God.: Maey shall see it and far, and shall trust in the Leord." Everyone of his hearers could assign some reason why his or her feet had not been placed upon the rock. One, perhaps, would say because he had no inclination; another, that he was so entang'ed with the affairs of this life that he had been unable to free himself ; another might say that his partner had no: disposition, and hence his ineglect. None of them, however, cold assign a reason whicl had not been gisven over and over again, and none of them had to en counter difficlties which were not to be overcome by the grace and goodness bf God. The language of the Psalmist wtas figurative. The word "pit" is very expressive. It was I a common saying that every sinner dug a pit for himself. There was another pit that.which God had made for the reception t of the devil and his angels. All sinners sinners, by the laws of moral gravitation, are ever descending. Thenearer 'the object the stronger the influence of .the magnet became, and the closer the sitner drew to the pit the stronger the influence of the latter, and the greater the ditficulty in breaking away therefrom. Pits were :of different depths, because there were some diggers who worked harder than o:hers, and there were some pitmen greater adepts at sinking than others. But no imatter to what depth the. sinner had sunk there was hope of his being drawn out. .The sinful man was, surrounded byi he walked in, dar.kuess. How was it that nmakind was unconscious of the darkness Because their , darkness, their blindness, was of long stand- 1 ing-they had been born in darkness, in sin. A true Christian might be shut ont from the light of day, but Divine light would play around him in all its loveliness; but no matter. what degree of earthly glory the sinner was surrounded by he was still a miserable creature, .for a darkness, as in Egypt, clouded his soul. A believer'imight be deprived of his liberty, might ie thrown into a dungeon, stillwouldhe givepraise, even as Paul and Silas did of old; give a" worldly man entire liberty, and yet, deprived of spiritual liberty, he, would remain in ex treme bondage. It would be well for us to think how: we have. tried to ashun the Divine.light. He ( Mr Dodgson) had often ieondered that .God had not resented the affront iin a more marked manner. .There were' pits of noise (as: the margin had it). Puiblichouses,, racecourses, 'sinful amuse. ments-- were they not pits?. What'sinner was- there who did not feel his -insecurity, did? not feel' in the hour of sickness and danger:that hie teet were in the miry clay, and that his own efforts to .extricate himself only. resulted .in, his sinking deeper than befo?eb!" The Psalmist seemed to have felt this insecurity, but he turned to the Lord, who alone -could help him. He waited Spaiently. Hero wa perceive his faith-he believed God would help himn. God is all eagerness, all attention, and He invariably responds to the cry for succour. When the speaker lirst earnestly sought mercy it was on the morning .f the new year; the clock had struck one; it was in the winter time and bitterly cohl. He prayed in all sincerity, but the words of his supplication appeared to become hard as stone. The temptltion came to arise from his knees. But no, he resolved to pray on, if necessary, till morniog. Thlon the thought strgqk hins thatin his petition ho had never recognised Christ-his prayer had been offered to God the Father. The thought seemed to come as'a light from Heaven. He prayed to God the Son, and presently Hope began to grow within him. As he prayed, passages of Scripture occurred to him. What the next step was he never knocw. The new iniluence came to him as a light. Previously he had tried to say " There is no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus," but the words seemed to stick in his throat. Now, however, when he repeated the words his heart responded " there is no coudemnation." The greatest feeling of joy came over him, and he almost danctd on his knees, for lihe felt that Christ had placed his feet on the rock. He wodld advise each one present not to rest until the Spirit had borne testi mony that lie or she was a child of Gol. It was a peculiar feature in the early history of Methodism, that the preachers exhorted their hearers to believe at once-they urged immediate belief, and the people did believe. The Lord placed a new song in the mouth of believers-not the drunkarl's song, or the obscence song, or worldly-minded persons song. No one could say that the heart of the believer was not renewed by the Spirit of God. The speaker once knew an aeter who became a convert, and who left the "boards" and became a preacher. Crowds of his admirers flocked to hear him, and when, with tears in his eyes, he re peated the words of a hymn, his heart seemed attuned with holy melody. If they wanted Christ they nnust come in humblg neas of mind. If you try to figd the Lord, and he comes not to-day or'to-morrow, you must, like the Psalmist, wait patiently. The laws of God's mercy are unchangeable; lie that will shall be saved. May the Lird in his goodness vouchsafe salvation to all. for Cnrist's sake. Ti'c tea-imeeting was held in the School room and was attended by abaut l50 persoes. Mr. Claringbold was caterer, and tea-tables were presided over by the following ladies : Mrs-. Elsum and Misses. Smith, Burrows, Nelson, Coe, Watson, Haines. Griffihs, SMcNeal, Howell, Stone, Morrell, Springhalli . hunting and Wallace. After tea a meeting was held in the church, qt which the chair ,was tankeib'.'lr.S.iBytr-e Who with his opening remarks reiad the halance sheet for the twelhedliontha. This shosi:d that £414 14s. 10d. had been received within=' the past 1difodihs' 'adid £ 60 haid bdefefrepended during the same period. There was still a debt of?overi£30 swhich he trusted ,owodld b' paid i off,, and towards .which -Mr Richardson had promised to contribute £5. Rlev;.1:r.. Shawv said, he wase happy. .to take part in thit meeting which had for itsnobject.the welcoming of, his.old ,frie Rev. Mr. Dodgon. ie hid sirrrivewithi Mr.ý'Dodgson in" his recent illness but was now happy that he. had so far recovered as to come amongst thm' "He: liopodltlioir minister nwould receive a lhrty" welcome i from them, and. that?;the blessing of the Moast High' would' arttend his laboaura.- -H'` reiinmbrt'l oncehodlring a quaint old pjiaslcliei pi`ay tiatithi congregation wotuld grow- so large~that:it would burst the end out of a small chapel in which he preached, and-he (Mr. Shaw) hoped, in like manner, that during Rcve." Mr. Dd '-son's three years ministry it would lihe found necesary . tb enl?ige the : bnildiiig. ini ,ilicli 'they 1 wsoshipped., He~ tin.sted his hearer's would reeoi?ier the cripitural injunction-" Bring me all tho tithes'"-ina dlolubt there ~ias, deb amongst the Jewa in the olden time;, astliire is niaongst"lChristian Churchliesht present= anrd he trusted that they would would not onlyi assist by. their' lrayers but'?iould offer t l;iy :_uls s?ul, in cnuleivonringd to advancih God's kiidgoni.? Ho.' :iisw track by whit Mr. Rodgers haid said at the tea meeting, that he hhad had an addition of tiv? memh?rs 'to his cl1ssL There was something very encouraging in that. Alteri every sermon andi pranyer -nqdting thi' ishiuld eipectt icbonversions, for:thb Iord hba promlsed that his word would not return to imrn void. He trusted they,would do eoiery thing ini their` power to encourage andl strengthen Rcv. Mr Dodgson, and they] shoulhl lircicimber the woris of the,?spostle of: the Gentiles, " Bretheren, pray for us." Ifi they did this, the blessing of the Most Highi would be sure to follow. 0The congregation was to be congratulated on having a minister; amongst them whlo was not only fresh from the dear old,father-land, but who had re dently retuaried!frodn :a place' dear to ns b'y ronoro at- it-aur-nol. annoiatLions-Tho,.HEHoly Land. He hbped the. young '.people' would appreciate the he'in ' amnondst them the' only Weslyaix sininater 'shb'Isad'travelled through. Palestine. They. had much to learnl frome one who seen the places mentioned in the bibl- andhehoped they would store up the' traveller's reminiscences-in their minds. In conclusion he hoped that his rev. brother. would havea. happy and prosperous term,i and that at the expiration' of his three years ministry, not oily would the church be free from debt, but that-there would be large additions to the ranks of true believers. (Applahise.) Mr 'Richardson "said thiat the official duty' bf welcoming" Rev. J. D. Dodgson to the circuit had devolved on him. He felt that he was hardly equal to the undertaking, and that like the Israelite of old, his harness was too heavy for him. His friends, Mr Byrne and Rev. Mr Shiaw had, however, dlone `a good deal of work in introducing the rev. gentleman, still ho thought that he knew more about Mr Dodgson than any :man in Williamstowhn. He met their pastor for the first time, about eight years ago, on a public platform, and subsequently his soul had been very much stirred uuder the roe. gentleman's adminis tration. -He had seen Iim in the hour of sickness and death, and stood side by side with him at the open grave while he per formed .the last sad rite of the e"hurch,i and :if over the human heart wsas suseiptiblo!of kindness, it was at such a time. They, that night, entered into, a -Holy alliance with Rev. Mr Dodgson-for better, or worse; richer or poorer; in sickness or in health, till three years have passed. The future prosperity of the church lay in our own hands, and it behoved us to pray for and with' this minister, and seek to sustain. him by all means public and private. '.H be lieved that Mr Dodgsou's sojourn in Wil- liamstown would be the happiest era in his life. Mr Richardson then read what he termed an official reception, in which was aeknow ledged the goodness of the Almighty in restoring to health one so largely blessed as Rev J. D. -Dodgson;' and hoped that-he would be long spared to promote 'the in terests of Christ, and prayed that the Lird 'might' bei.with him and bless him. The choir then sang "Pray for the peace of Jerusalem,'" the solo part being rendered very swerotly 9by Miss Smith. -It might be here observed that the shoir gave several selections during the ,meeting,, all of which were rendered in a mianner higlilycreditable to the talents and training of the members. Rev Mr Wallace said that as short speeches ,ress nddta d snawt-;rl.le .,týit hksh helfdltdtk. young mian wiho lhcfdilituhiisiythedrtonutt for a walk. They crossed the gurgling brook and silently admired the beauties of nature.: They walked about three miles, until the setting sun warned them to return; whereupon the lover plucking up courage - he was employed in a grocery store ventured to remark that " treacle had fallen a half-penny in the pound" This was the onlyobservatidn made during the journey, When they?reached the young lady's home, the lover on bidding her good-bye, asked .her when she would permit him to call again,. She replied " When treaicle has risen a half penny in the pound." Rev Mr Wallace had no doubt' but that. hle would bde able to pull himself up like his grandfather's clock at the end of .the five minutes allotted to his speech. - There was stiuh a thin; as a pre,: oheir talking too':loug; and this reminded him: of ad' anecdoteha had once: heard. A rev. gentleman preached,such a long sermon that all the congregation departed, with the exception of one .young lady whose good manners constrained-her to keep her'seat: Th'ie preacher kept -his' ees', on the ceiling and ,did not ' observe the ,;defection i'of his followers. Presently, he -quotedthe -folloowing singularly. appropriate lines frdom Charles Wesley's hymns-" My company before has gone, -and'I am left alone with thee." The- speakedr.was, pleased-to think that the Methodist family waivs fast increas ing throughout the universe. He- was pleased to .notice-Thatat the recent con ference, the president, and four ex: presidents presentihad given ai' unanimous vote in favour of amalgamation. He did trust that the indications of improved health smianifest: i' i his 'icv.' brother Dodgsoni were permanent and that lie wonldsoon be fully restored. •He trusted all the chbirehei would be unanimous in.advocatiog: Christ \- nity. We only reiach'th'ha atire df triid manhood when we come up to- Christ's standard. 'The attempt to open the Museums and Library on Sunday had happily failed. Christianity was armed with a vital force against which the attacks of infidels were futile; the more the church was persecuted the deeper it became rooted. A free-thought lecturer was recently speaking in Dublin when he said " If there is a deity why does he not knock me down ?" A butcher who was amongst the audience stood up and said " Perhaps it is because God does not trouble himself about the like of you, but I, his servant, will act on his behalf." And he knocked the lecturer down. During the assault of the British upon the heights uf Alma someone suggested to Sir Colin Campbell the advisability of a retreat, but the soldier replied " The Highlanders never retreat," and taking off his 'cap he cheered his men onward to the achievement of that memorable victory. The christias soldier fought under the banner of One iwhb never retre utedI. He regretted that the time at his disposal would not admit of hiis showi ingwhat christianity had done. The British constitution was in accordance. with the teaching of the bible. The speaker thoughl their reverend pastor would find the people of Williamstown to be "very nice"; he would be invited to many tea partiee, and all that sort of thing, and he hoped Mr Dodgsonu' experience would be as pleasant as his ownu had been. He wvould like to say a word about the choir. He had always thought that the Fitzroy was excoptionally good until ho heard their choir that eveming. l con elusion he would wish them and their pastor every success in life, and hoped they would all meet in a brighter and a better lanid. Mr Bunting did not expect that he would have been called upon to speak; he fancied there were quite enough reverend gentle men on the platform without calling upon the local preachers; but he remarked that the latter were always supposed to be fully loaded and ready to go olf at a moment's qotice. He was there that evening, like the Sreit of them, for the purpose of weCloming the minister, and hlo srusted they .woul all tuqtify their acceptance by their attend auce, their priayers and their contributions. Ho had juset been thinking what the Lord had done for them. He (Mr Buntingy 'r, membered the time they worshipped n a little 'old wooded building' next, there was the meeting-house in Ann street, and lastly the structpre in ylwhich they had-met that aght, iJe remembered, to-, the different tea meetings they had had, the prayer-meetings, the conversions that had taken place, and \- the men and women who hal lived and died in their midst to the glory of God. He was led to to think that Rev Mr Dodgson's ministry was having a good beginning. Their minister appeared to he agreat believer in Sthe spirit of Ged, in God the Holy Ghost. It had often occurred to him that we did not think sufficiently of the Spirit withoutwhose. infilsic'e an'di ngeney: the' death;erfi Ouir "aviour. and -all our preaching and teaching' would be in vain. It had fallen to the speaker's' lot to.propose the Rev. iMr Wil- liams and the Rev Mr Dodgson t thisi; circuit ' He hoped tho small dhebt of £31 would. be pryedi off, and that their minister would have a fair start. ;,The choir here eaug°. "I will give Thee" thanks"'-" * . , Rev Mr Dodgson said that his health had wonderfully improved within the past m-onth, and he felt confident, with God's blessing, he would?,bli able to'a carry: out his mieisterials duties. He had' to t'ask them - fo "the" christian manner in which they had borne with his infirmities. - He could not be sufL-. ciently graetful fordtheir lettsrof sympathy, which was received When he was in 'a state of illness and despondency; it- -was most refresa?ing to i his spirit,; and: gave }him? an impetus which he had not experienced before. When he -heard. that Rev Mr Shaw had kindly undertaken 'his duties for a' time; it came as a great relief, for he felt some anxiety, that they' otherwise would be out of order,. for the want of a spiritual head. He enter ainel creat respect for his predecessor, Rev. Mr pWdlliams.- .e .(Mr DJdgson) had, been under the superintendence of that gentleman for two years, dnring "?hich timb they had worked together heart and soul; and$niothili s hid osetrirrei ,to mar` their,; happiness. Before hie left Dryndale Rev Mr King had called upon him and asked him to convey his best wishes and lo'vesto'the people of Williamstown. He had come to them with no new gospel ; he was satisfied with' that which' Christ 'gave and Paul, preached. He appreciated the advances of science and philosophy, and everything that was good and true in science and in' nature —such tend to improve our' hearts and in tellects-- but he had no new gospel to offer. When he,visited Jerusalem he attended, divine servies at the Episcopalian Church, and his mind had been marvellously in fluenced by hearing the songs of Zion, and the hymns and psalms referring to scenes in the locality, sung within the precincts of'the Holy City. , All the recent discoveries: in Assyria and Egypt tended to, confirm the truth, of the scriptures, and whether it was. 'exhuming tho mummies or the palaces, buried for thousands of years, all tended to illustrate and confirm the divine utterances. Recently a building had had been exhumed, on the walls of which was found the name of a king mentioned in the bible, but unknown in secular history--a king whose existence secularists disputed--and fresh discoveries afford new proof of the truth of the book. The bible had borne the brunt of infidelity in its wildest forms, and the criticisms of the scoffers of Europe- but it remained intact, and would endure to the. end of time. . It is from that book that we draw instruction and inspiration, and when read 'in a spirit of devotion was nmore profitable than all the other books ever written. But as short speeches were the order, he would draw his remarks to a close;. It liked short speeches; for lengthy ones kept people out late at night; s?nl there were some husbands whose wives never :know when- to expect them home. 'He would like: to enter into an alliance with them in the right spirit, and would say to them '"If thy heart be as mine, give me thine hand. If thou art dis posed to pray, to trust in God, to assist, the. church, to do' what thou canst'to improve' God's casiuo-then, give me thy hand," There were hands which he might cast fishy ; ,there were the two fingers of the hand which 'were sometimes given, but which he'had rather,the owner vwonld keep beside the other twHo fingers ;.and there .was the warm hand 'which indicated the warm heart. - The latter, was trio sort of bhand which had' been ex tended to' him, and it 'encouraged him'to hope that the union between him and his. ;hearers was real and would be lasting. It was said of the early christians that they had but one heart and one soul, and he would like to see the christians of the present day arrive at such a stage of brotherhood. The different persuasions were representatives of the one great church of Christ on earth. lie prayed that God would abundantly bless the churches,,antd trusted that the time would` come when they- could look back on the past and afford to let their little differences lie in abeyance. -It had been a great pleasure to him to see the petitions from the various churches which had been sent to Parliament for the preservation 'of the sanctity of the' •Lord's Day. 'But his timie wa' liinited; and was afraid to do more than glance at these things. He was very much gratified at the spirit, tone and temper of the address pre saited him. He hat come lamongst them with a sincere desire to do good. The advice which John Wesley gave a preacher was ringing in his ears, " You have nothing to do,, but to sav?i souls; therefore' spend and , FOOTBJ3ýLL.'ý ? :The return minatch' arranged between the Willianistown -and Footscray. clubs was played last Saturday on the ground of the latter.. The last occa,ion on which these clubs met was' a very 'wet day, and the game resulted in a win, the Footscray club being strengthened at that time by recruits from the Oaborne and Juniors, who had no engagements for that. afternoon... The. game last Saturday was pldayed on a ground, 'which under the' most favourable circum stances is not a: good playing area,' (there being many -small puddles on one side.) the' truth of which can be testified-to by: seeral 'wiig players. The Williamstown won the toss, and Footscray started the ball at about a quarter past 3 o'clock; the Williamstown men soon brought it back, and had some shots for goal which were without effect. The ball was then cairied' to the centre but: no farther, ..the Williamstown back players grumbling at having nothing to do. The result at half-time was- Williamstown, 2 goals and several behinds, while Footscray. showedla clean shoeat. From the cdminmence mnent of the second half to the call of, time,; the game was very onesided, the Town' men' playing with.. their opponents, the ,final. result being-Williamstown, 5 goals, kickedl' bi Warren (3) Kerferd and Rees 1 each, against Footscray's,; 1 behind. The following players distinguished themselves on :behalf of the Williamstown: Warren, 'who is rapidlyi becoming 'a first-class player, Kennedy, Ward, Laming and Cherry. To day twenty-three of the Town club meet' the Hotham in the Hotham' 'Iecreatiou' Reserve, 'and the committee have kindly agreed to divide the proceeds, so that the, local rink fund may bh bepeeited. Members will be admitted to' Ihe ground on production of their tickets. We hope that our men will carry oqt the alittle mark system and ilay'well to`gether, aq .there is every chance. that' they will rettrna w ith a good record 'if' these points, together with keeping their places. are attended to.. Williamstown Juniors v. Union Jack. This match was playod on the Juniors ground last Saturday, and alter a' one' sided game resulted in a draw, greatly in favour of the Juniors, the game thus ending-Juniors 13 belsinds to UnionJ ack 2 behinds. Clark, Bruton and BIllythe, in the ruoel played a splendid game for the Juniors, and were ably backed up by Brutoen, Witham, Mlolonoy and \VWathorn. Osborno Iv. Melbourno Imperial. This. match which' was' prlayed on Markeit" Reserve on Saturday 'last resulted in a draw, much in favour of the locals, whlo obtained 1 goal 13 behinrs to Imperiai'e, 1 goal 1 behind. The Osblorne kicked 2 other goals--both however were disallowed-the Imperial also kicked another goal disallowed. In the first half the game was very evenly contested, Osborne obtaining 4 behinds, Imperial t goal, (ludson). In the second half the locals had much the best of the game the Imperial very seldom gettingthe ball past centre. The scors this half was-Osborne, 1 coal (J. 1f'Alister) blhinuds--Imperial 1 behind. For the locals-Salt, Conroy, Hughes, Brown and M'Alister,!?played in fine fonr. HscTCIcS To s PLArYED TO-D?e : Hotbam v. Williamstowu, tn be p layed at Recreation Resterve, IHotham, Mleet at North Melsourne Station no later thtan a quarter past 2 p.m, Team- Alexander, Bllock, Cherry, U?aly J., Daly T,. James, Jones, Kennedy, Laming Mathews, Mackrell, Rees (captain), Reed, Ryau, Rlichardson, Smith, Sheidrick, Wmnuchupe, Warren, Worroll, WVard A., Ward J., \Veatherhead. Williamstown Juniors v. Clyde,' on the ground of the former. The following will represent the Juniors and are requested to he ou the groundl no later than 2.30. p.m, Tean--Blythe, Bruton (2), Clark (3), Currie, Dorae, Frceth, Ferguson, Hackctt, Jones (2) Moloney, Murray, M'D.manld, Witham, Waycott, WVauchope, \'ratchorn (capt), Wood. Einergencies-litomewooed Jones. Oaborne (sccond twenty) v. Balmoral. To he played on Marhiet Reserve. The former will be raprescnted by the following who are re'quited oq ?e on the groaund not hlater than S6'clock, as the 3rd competition for Way. cott's trophy takes place--B?ullook, Boyd, Dobney, a-idsono; Glenister, Gatehouse, Godjin, Glass, Holtone Johnson, Lee; parker, 1ussell, I(owlauds, Sutton, Ser geant, Tubbs, Taukard, and Wayctt. Emer. genoies-Saul, Tregurtha anud IRees, Clarence v. Beach, on the ground of the former, The following will represent thbe Olarence-Arthurs, Buckle(2), Cook, Dyson, SDandil, Grieves,: Hansen, Hossack, Has Slam, Howarth, Raymer, Sinclair, Rowlands, I Slorrell, Lee, Jones, Fleth,. OcAlister, Lindsay. Emergencies-Patterson, Hall, andJacobson: ";-. :., VWls11ians.town Jnniora (second) v. Elgin Union. ' This' mnatcli wiill ieo playedl at Royal Park. Players to proceed by. the 1 45.ip.m. train. Team-Adams, Brown, Chrrie, Gldsmitl, h?ckett, Hal. "Jones, Lock~rd6d, "Lwaon, McKenzie, Orr (3), Pierce, Rolley, Thomas, Thompson, Tristrail, Woolfe, and Wood. Emurgencies-Baker, GerrizigHnghes , . "; .',: 2.. Bl mnaioal v. Osliornei' (eond), in the Market Reserve. The former will be chosen from Butterfiell, Chandler (2), Christisen, Camerom, Downey (2), Down, Hannah, Harrigan, Hernan,.Jones Johnson,'. Morris, Miles, Moodi, McDflniouh(2), Radcliffe and Ward. Emergencies-Lafferty, Griffen and; Wilkens. Osboine v. South Melbourne (second). at. Soutllit Melbourne. The followisng'-are re-' quested to proceedl--by 1.45. p.=m train, Teamai--Biwn,; Coi?toy, Gill. Hansen, Hughes, Hernan, Kennerson. Kneac, Ifee, M'Alister, .M-:Ceiag, Russell, Richards, Slt, Sims,'Sewell;-Sutherland, Hannah, Davis; Thomson. Emergency.--3'Alister. 