Tales and Sketches A TRUE STORY. Some years ago 1 liad occasion to take a Imig journey to tlie North—a journey which would involve my travelling all night. A few days before I had received an invitation from a friend of mine, who lived at a town which I had to puss, to dine and stay the night at his house—an invitation which 1 gladly accepted, as it would prove a pleasant break in the mo notony of the journey. I resolved, there fore, to arrange matters so as to arrive at the house in time for dinner, and proceed to my destination next morning. When the day arrived 1 was very busy ; so, after a hurried lunch, I packed up a few neces saries and rushed off to the station, where I arrived with just a minute to Bpare. I asked for my train, which' the conductor pointed out, adding, " If you don't hurry up, sir, you'll lose it.'" 1 took his advice and jumped into the nearest car, the door of which stood open, and in which there was hut one other occupant. I settled myself for my journey, and for the first time I had the leisure to observe my fel low-traveller. Now, I rather pride my self on being a judge of physiognomy, and my first impressions of him were the re verse of pleasant. He was evidently a sion in them, while his liair and beard were of a reddish hue. He was dressed in a long ulster, which I thought quite unnecessary, for, though it was late in the year, the weather was by no means cold. There was on the seat beside him a small oaken box, strongly bound with brass, and his eyes were constantly glancing from this box to me in a way tliat 1 did not at all like. I begin to have visions of plots, infernal machines, and I do not know what. After regarding mo steadily for a few minutes, he said— '' Is it possible, sir, tliat voc are not aware of tliis carnage being reserved for State officials 1" 1 looked round, and seeing no indica tion of the fact, replied "I a in not aware of such being the case." " Then, sir," he replied, "I must beg of j'ou instantly to vacate it, aud leave me here in stlitary silence." Considering that the train was going at the rate of forty miles an hour, and would not stop until it reached a small station, half way to my destination, in about an hour's time, I could not quite see why I should comply with his request, or ratlier command ; aud I frankly fold him so, adding that I had as much right there as he liad, and did not intend moving. He replied with a most solemn air, "Then your fate lie on your own head." This began to frighten me, for the man's manner convinced me that he must be insane ; and the prospect of an hour's journey in a car with a madman was not calculated to raise my spirits. However, I. put a bold face on the matter, and af fected to be entirely engrossed with my newspaper, though in reality I was watch ing his every movement. He suddenly then suddenly replaced it beside him. In doing so I caught a glimpse of the butt of a pistol sticking out of his pocket. I liad nothing more defensive than an umbrella, and a roll of papers, which, in conse quence of tlieir length, I was compelled to carry in my hand. Presently he began " Have you studied tlie inarvello powers of electricity, may I ask 1" 1 replied in the negative. "I have," said he, "and have arrivi at such a pitch of perfection that, aid by the contents of this box, I could bit this train and everybody in it to infinite mal atoms." " Hut," 1 hazarded, "how about yoi self "I should calmly mount into the i and survey the scene without the slight* injury." " How ?" said I. "That," he replied, "is my businea look to yourself." Pleasant this ! However, I made son remark which seemed to satisfy him; ai he lapsed again into silence. I felt vei sorry for liim, in spite of my dangero position. I then tried another tack, ai made several commonplace remarks him—to all of which he answered in m nnsyllablcs, suddenly bursting out with " Do you dare to address me, sir, wit < mt having first disclosed to me who yi are ? Your temerity surprises me." 1 thought it best to humour him, at handed him my card, on which was i) scribed "J. J}. Smith." " Ha ! I guessed you were a Smitl you look like one ; a blacksmith, if I m: judge by tlie smuts on your face." Here he broke into a maniacal laug When he liad finished laughing he said— " Do you want to know who I am ?" I said I thought I might as well kne his name, if he did not mind. " Well," said he, leaning forward ai peering into my eyes, keeping one liai on the box, " when you first jumped in the carriage I was the Khan of Tartar; but the wonders of electricity are su< that I am even now changing; I suppo 1 may be anybody in a few hours, or ev< minutes." I suppose I looked surprise for lie went on: "Ah, you seem su prised ; but, perhaps, you will hardly b lieve that iny temper quite depends up< whom I may happen to he. Not long age was conversing with some friends, and suddenly clianged into the King of Siai and before they could get out of my w: 1 bit three of their fingers oil'. You shou have seen them scatter. Ha, lia, ha " flood gracious!" I exclaimed, "y< don't mean it f " Oh, yes, I. do ; hut don't be alarmc 1 am never dangerous unless I liappen assume tliat character." Then lie sat quiet, «nd I was thankf for a little peace. All at once, to ■ alarm, lie said, quite unconcernedly— " I feel it my solemn duty to infoi you tliat I am changing, and that in a few minutes I shall he the King of Siaui." Instinctively I looked round for some means of escape, and at the same time grasping my umbrella firmly, resolved at least to sell my fingers dearly. It wasn't worth while changing cars, as just at that moment I heard the "whistle of the tram announcing the approach to the next de pfit. I collected my things together near me, so as to be prepared for a hasty exit, and the more so as I noticed the feelings , of Ills Majesty of Siani were being worked up into a pitch of excitement, and the way he showed his teeth would have terrified a far less nervous man than myself. As we neared the depot the train slackened speed, and at last stopped. Just as I jumped out the maniac made a spring at me ; but I fortunately avoided him, and shut the door in his face. I got into the next car, which was empty; and as the conductor closed the door I called out: "Here, I say, there is a madman in—" But the whistle drowned the last of my sentence, and the train moved off before I had time to complete it. I sat still in a horrible state of nervousness, expecting I hardly know what. At last the train stopped at the station for which I was bound, and I jumped out. As I passed his car I could see him sitting ' pened, advising him to take some means of securing him. He promised to tele graph, but said it was no business of his, and with that assurance I had to be con tent. I then went off to my friend's house, where I arrived just in time for dinner. I j suppose the traces of my fright still re- 1 mained, for no sooner did I enter the din ing-room than my host exclaimed— j '* Why, what is the matter, old man ? You have not met a ghost on the road, have you ?" I told him I had seen somebody a good deal worse than a ghost; and, during din ner, related my adventure, upon which , they all congratulated me upon my nar- j row escape. After dinner I went off early j to bed, pleading fatigue and the next day's business as my excuse. When I awoke in the morning I found my host ready for breakfast, and I joined him at once, as my train left in an hour's time. As I shook hands with him at the de pot he remarked that he should like to hear of the man being caught. I transacted my business, and, as I had time to spare, I turned into the first hotel I came to, and walked up into the billiard room, where I met Fred Carlton, an old school-fellow of mine, who was playing billiards with three others. He seemed surprised to see me, and asked me how I got there. I told him I had come down early that morning, and I then proceeded to give him a sketch of my journey of the night before, Fred smiled, and said— " Ah, yes, old man; I heard sorne tliing about it." " You heard something ?" I said, sur prised. "From whom!" " Well," he replied,. " I'll tell you all Old Harris, the diamond broker, told me last night that he had just come down from the city. When he had taken liis seat in a car at , all alone, just as the train started some fellow rushed in. Har ris said he did not much like the look of the fellow, and, as he had about 40,000 dollars' worth of diamonds with him in a small box, he began to feel uncomfortable. He said the stranger was a strong, active mail, and, if it had come to a struggle for the diamonds, Harris would have had no chance, for he evidently felt sure the man meant robbery ; so he determined to try and frighten liim out of the car by pre tending madness, which he says he did so effectually that the fellow, in sheer fright, bolted at the first stoppage, and left him to finish the journey here alone. But we did not know that you were the hen?, old man," said Fred, as the whole four burst into such a shout of laughter that I never heard before. " You must stay and be introduced afresh; he will be here to night." I did not stop to hear anything more. I rushed down stairs, thoroughly realising tliat I had been made a fool, caught the first train home, and have not shown my self in that neighbourhood since. 