AMA'tTECA DRAMATIC PER FORMANCE. The Colac Amateur Dramatic Society will give ito second perft, matce it, the Oddfel. 11.u' Lall -n-morrow evrt.ing, when the roen t,:: ".lmuoest. diuam. "The Robber's \Vte,' au.d the foirce "B3anowed Piumes" will be produced fom the fitat time in Colac. The drama will be properly mounted; new and appropriate scener y having been painted by Messrs. Camm and Lloyd, and many iun. provemente have been made on the stage. In order that the audience may he it',de :c. quaiuted with the plot of the piece wo publ lish it below: This drama is a tale of crime, sorrow, and remorse-the hero and heroine, the once gay Mark Redland, now Murdock, the robber; Rose Briarly, erst the pride of the village, the Robber's Wife, The first crime of Rose was disobedience: her father, to retrieve a ruined fortune, had journeyed to a far coune try, leaving his daughter in the care of an old friend, who had promised her protection during his absence. In defiance of duty, she married his bitterest foe-the man who had robbed him, and who (though then .ahe knew it nol) was an outlaw and a felon.. Murdock is the chief of a gang of coiners, nmong whom is Sawny Macfile, whose voca tion is that of a guide to decoy travellers to the Fox and Gooae. This rogue, by virtue of a golden ingot, has brought con. siderable wealth to the common stock-his plan is to pretend igorance of its real value, and offer it for sale to some gull, whose cupidity cannot withstand the temptation of taking advantage of a clown who sells it as braas; and in truth Sawney keeps his word, for while the bargain is being struck, he dexteriously contrives to eubstitute in its place a similar-looking wedge of the baser metal, which the purchaser unsuspectingly ,eceives; and thus the golden ingot is a con tinual mine of wealth to the gang. Travel lers are on the oad ; and, under the sure guidance of Sawney Macfile, they reach the too omnious sign of the Fox and Goose. The one, a stranger returning to his native vil lage after a long absence; the other, his attorney, to hbear witness (when every body thinks him dead and buried) that his client is not his own ghost. Sawney Macfile, watching his opportunity, plays off his old trick of the ingot; and Lawyer Penfuddle is very pleasantly cheated out of five guinena in the hopes of gaining fifty. At this mo meat Rose appears in.the gallery passage, and, descending into the room, encounters the attorney. She fixes her eyes upon him as if looking into his very-pocket. She cau tiously appaoaches to remove the pistols, and nees the portmanteau. She turns her eyes on the stranger-his face is covered-the suspense is horrible- with a tremlling hand she draws away the handkerchief-she shrieks aloud-the stranger starts from his slumber, and, seizing his pistols, demands the cause of the outcry. She entreats him once more to compose himself to sleep; she will sit at the threshold of the door, nor again disturb him, though her brain be on ire. He regards her with sympathy--once, indeed, there was a gentle creature who proffered all these kind attentions-he had a daughter; but she had neglected and for got him, and gone he knew not whither. Rose now relates her own unhappy story, between which and the stranger's there is a remarkable coincidence. She had been a disobedient child, and her father-if he still lived-lived but to curse her.-Impossiblel a father curse his child ?-No, no --The stranger rushes towards her-gases intensely, and parts the hair oi her forehead-alasl twas a trick of fancy-the dark countenance and raven locks are not those of his child. One question more-if his daughter had married his enemy, would-would he forgive her? Neverl-Her heart is smote, and she alls senseless into his arms. Among the many dupes of Sawny Macfile's ingot, is Larry O'Gig, an Irish adventurer, who, in travelling through these parts, had paid the accustomed tribute to Sawney's ingenuity for teaching him the difference betwixt gold and brases Determined to hunt out the impostor he had commenced a search with two officers of justice, and the first party he meets is Mr. Penfuddle, who, from the singular communi :ativeness of O'Gig. discovers that he has also been played the like trick. Rose, rienti to desperation by the impending dan oer, declares to her husband that, if he or is confederates give the old man one evil rye, or one ruffianly thought, he shall die the oeath of the dog, Mutual recriminations and tefiances pass between them ; and Murdock, .xcited to a pitch of fury, swears that. if her tther were alive again, he would dare a bonsand deaths to enjoy measure of revenge. Vhen Rose drew the handkerchief from the ace of the sleeping slranger, she discovered aith horrow and amszement the features ot ter father ! Hence the start of terror-the briek-the overwhelming remorse, that con culed her frame, and laid her (though ho nrew it not) a penitent at his feet. Not a moment is to be lost-she informs him of he design against his life, and concerts neans to save it. Murdock and Rody now noter-she feigns sleep-is this the way to seep watch ? They exwmine the pistols. ,hich are hbrmless, for the charges are Irawn. She is commanded to leave the ,om-resistance is vain-she, however, con. .rives to dart behind the winder-curtain, snd watch there movements. The robbers .- ~e mutaseau. is whilh they oreak open tuna ev- liscover a purse and some letters ; duriug -his, Rose gently reverses the situation of f the unloaded pistols, and those of her husband--she makes a sign, and the stranger arving the letter within his reach, seizes them. Murddck now proceeds to examine the letters-can it be --Briarly still living -Then is he within his grasp ! The strapger rashes forth for an etclamation- Murdock snaps the unloaded. pistol at him--he is foiled-the gang enter--when Larry O'Gig appears moat opportunely with his huge shilelah, and Murdock, finding all is lost, with bitter . baffled rage declares that though tracked, hunted, and run down, he'll foil them yet, and stabs himseu ana lies. Mr. Cheong, a ChOinese member'of the fitzroy congregation, told the Presbytery that there were more heathens in Fitzroy than on any island in the New Hebrides group. HIottLLowAY's Pn..Ls.-Invalids distracted by indigestion and distouraged in their search for its remedy should make trial of the never- failing ,medicine. A lady long a martyr to dysyeptic tortures, wiites that Holloway's Pills niade her feel as if a burden had been taken off her. Her spirits, formerly los, lave grea?ly Improved b har oapnr.iomen appetite has given place to healthy hunger ; her dull, sick headache has departed, and gradually so marvellous a change has been effected, that she is altogether a new creature, anmi again fit for her duties. These Pills nay be admiuistered with safety to the moet delicate. They never act harshly, nor do they ever induce weakness; they rightly direct deranged, and control excessive action. -[ADVT.] Hlow r ot DONE!--The first object in life wtth te American people is to "get ricdl ;" the second, how to retain good health. The first can be obtained by energy, honesty, and saving; the second (good health), by using Gae?ns's AuUnsT ]Froes £. Should you be a despondent suffer from any of the effects of Dyspepsia, Liver Complaint, Indi gestiorn, &c.;, such as Sick'Headache, Palpi tation of the Heart, SourStotmach, Habitual Costiveness, Dizziness of the Head, Nervous Prosteration, Low Spirits, &c.;, you need niot siuffar a.tlh l.. ay. r ,, a, aones FLOWKc will relieve you-at once. Sample bottles, Sd.; regular size, 4s. 6d. Positively slld byv all lirst-ahass druggists in Australia. Wholesale t Rooke Tompaitt, and Co. Mel bourae. Serrmm FaOst WrisN Os Tetn STOcaCsOa, hlttigestioa, ostilseslos, niddiness, Sick IIeadaehte, lelrtbunm, listurbod Sleep, flpltttion o the leart Colic, Aget Biliousntes, LierCo npi insto, Skin Eruptiene, &. ltuld lose so dme in .,svailintc hemselves atf tmot cxeellelt modiciie,t PAGE WOODCOOI'h FInND pISLS," hichl for thirty years has held the Orat Ilace it the tworhll as an cffeaual atlidoLt to Iste sawE of tthe senma It, boels5, or liver. Too.e, ltsii- ,traints ttd purifyingr theyr frttm the best remedy sotie?l Soll ylytl idedicineT'oitdt tru in boxes ac 1a. I ld- ' 9 snd ts. tu. each. Preprietor, PigesD. Iaosdcot, Lincoln, England. 