T'B'3L:,C:K,BD; The Bunbury Mystery. A Stobt os Lovs, M omcr* £so Mtjbdeb. CHAPTEB XIII.— (Conitnujbid). No man could hare been more curiously moved by the death of a fellow-creature than was Mr. Totterdell when he first heard of the murder of John Fossdyke. He was a fussy, garrulous, and inquisitive old man, and had lately proved him self a rancorous old man to boot with regard to the luckless Town Clerk. He had fiercely re sented the being literally turned out of Dyke ; but to do him justice, his enmity was not of that unsparing, malignant kind that refused* to be buried in the grave. He was unf eignedly eorry for the past, and deeply regretted that ever he should have moved for an inquisition in the financial affairs of the town. He had lamented before that his wrath had moved him to that step, it was subject of still bitterer lamentation now. But as the details of the murder reached Baum borough, $here stole across Mr. Totterdell a little glow of satisfaction that he had in his writing table drawer that bill of the Syringa Music Hall, and was not only one of those who had actually held converse with the murderer, but was able to point out to the police where he might be found. Conscious of possessing this information, Mr. Tot terdell positively swelled with importance. To a man of hi&^sposition, being the repository of the clue tp^TgTCat crime was delicious. He (Totter dell) alFkll events now must come prominently before the public. His name would be in all the papers, and to one of his incalculable vanity this went for a good deal. To be pointed out 33 the Mr. Totterdell who led to the solution of the great Bunbury murder was fame. Questionable that, perhaps ; but for tine time being it would undoubtedly be notoriety, a substitute that amply suffices most people in these days. Then Hr. Totterdell remembered how he had actually pointed out John Fossdyke to bis supposed mur derer, and began to suffer agonies of remorse ; but again it occurred to him that it was the stranger who had demanded who the Town Clerk might be, and that, had. he refused the required information, his interlocutor would have expe rienced no difficulty in obtaining it from some one else ; so he became more tranquil on this point. But to whom to diaburthen himself of the mighty secret within his breast troubled him much. Another thing, too, which gave a singular titiilation both to Mr. Totterdell's nerves and vanity was the idea that he had sat nest a veri table murderer at the theatre only twenty-four hours before he commlfcfred his crime. Of this he made no secret ; indeed .dilated on the subject all over Baumborough. Mi'. Totterdell never tired of describing the stranger, nor improvising the discourse that took place between them, and that conversation so lengthened in proportion to the number of times that Mr. Totterdell recapitulated the sDory, that it appeared, impossible that either he or the stranger could have heard anything of the play. How there was one singular fact about all this, easily accounted for if you bear in mind Mr. Totterdell's prevailing characteristics — insatiable curiosity, combined, remember, with incalculable vanity, prompting him to obtain notoriety at all hazards. The result was tiiat, freely as he talked of having met him in front of the house, he was perfectly mute about having- come across Mr. Fos borou ;?h behind the scenes, lie could, he thought, \\-ivc :J1 the information concerning the stranger L'u- p...Iice could possibly require, and was jealous tUfit. an;.- one else should intrude on his platform. 'i i~ proposed to pose as the main witness ia the jrieat Bunbury murder case — a mere matter of notoriety! Quite so, hxr- aien have risked their lives i'or nothing else li.jK out of mind, notably in the year of grace 1SS2 conserniBg crossing- the Channel in balloons. » When Dr. Ingleby, having returned from. Bun. bury, got out to Dyke, he found that he was most decidedly wanted. His old friend, Mrs. Fosfedyke was perfectly stunned by the news, and past any thing but making one wild wail of remorse for ?what she was pleased to term her late on wifely behaviour. She reproached herself bitterly about, her last quarrel with her husband, and wept piteously over some misty idea, that she had in some sort contributed to the catastrophe. But ?what surprised Dr. Ingleby most was the exces sive prostration of Miss Hyde. The girlstruggled bravely against it, but her unutterable woe was as unmistakable as it was difficult to account for. Granted she had lost a very dear friend, still it was hard to understand a tolerably self-contained young lady like Mis3 Hyde being completely upset by it. She did her best; — she struggled hard to console and comfort poor Mrs. Fossdyko, but Dr. Ingleby was fain to confess that she seemed more in need ol comforting herself. A case this in which there was little to be done for either suf ferer. Words of consolation at such times seem commonplace, and medical .aid is superfluous. But the next day Dr. Inglefcy was astonished by the apparition of Sergeant Silas Usher in his surgery — that ho entered unannounced it is al most unnecessary to say. Silas Usher usually turned up without any official announce ment. He had a way of appearing at people's sides in a stealthy ghost-like fashion, positively appalling, and his very name caused terror to the tip-top professors of the art of burglary. It was related how one of the great arfciscs in that line had been utterly paralysed in his last exploit by having whispered into his ears as he was clearing out a countess's jewel-box and greedily gloating over a diamond bracelet : * Very pretty, Bill Simmonds, ain't it ; but it won't fit you anything like as well as these ;' and before the astonished robber could collect his faculties, the handcuffs snapped round his wrists, and his retirement from a world he had for some time adorned was an accomplished fact. 'I have just run down, sir, to make a few in quiries in Baumborough, and you're the man I want in the first instance. I don't want to in trade on the family at Dyke, of course, but it is essential I should get answers from them to these two questions : Did they ever know a Mr. Fox borough, or hear of him ? and did they ever see thiB in MrJ?o8B-ryke's possession. ?' and Sergeant Usher produced the fatal weapon which had been found in John Fossdyke's breast. A slight shiver xan through Dr. Ingleby's frame, not at ihe Bight of the weapon, for bis medical training had. steeled his nerves to all that of thing, but he did think it would be a grue some' task toshowthat ghastly toy to the mourners at Dyke. * Now don't you run away., doctor, -with tie idea that I'm a man of no feeling.* exclaimed the sergeant, vflao saw at a glance -what was passing through Dr. Ingleby's mind. 'Nobody under stands the susceptibilities more than I do, and, bless you, nobody hsimours them more. How these are important questions, and answers to 'eta. quite invaluable. But, of course, you'll in troduce this/ lie contained, tapping the dagger, ?as a paper knife found in a half-cut novel which Mr. Foxborough left inadvertently behind him. R is to spare all unpleasantness I come to you. Introduce me as what seems best to yourself, but* you shall make the inquiries. I only want to be present when they are made; bat I think yon bad best admit at once 1 am police agent. As I told you before, I'm in charge of this murder, and ifs a matter of professional pride to bring it fcome to some one.' ? ' You seem pretty indifferent whom you hang/ ^?joined Dr. lagleby sharply. 'Nothing' of tfefe kind, sh*/ replied Sergeant Usher ; c but iMs a sort of reproach, to my profes sional reputation notrto pickup the perpetrator of a big crime See tins. Mora «apeoiallj| because It seems so tffr»yk» Who but WJcPoxborough sould hare w*n-u*il tins muzder ?? I told 700, fir, I am airways oandidTOy»eTt«a principle * bnt tre mnst have ilia links in th» -&ain;«omjplate, pad tbati* theeeswn. I em compelled to dtotovb the ladies at Djto,«bwwtin4fee£rstagonfor-rf 'j?o luumriT I T***gft*j* &*'*gBn**k mh^r « but»as py, mflflicfll adfJMt. -f %b» -sanfl.j-I wiqpfrtflafiilj ?ar Mrs. Vemtjka and Mi* BTyde am too Sroo«hiy«nAed by *he bio* tor you to eee them to- day. 'Bute are nrohrify one or two ra? pokS |W *w*d lix* tTSuerfbn «bem *1£,ITcher)B*»* ipr*wHby«ia then«ia, mtoooM to fa»*w what induced Jfr, Fossdyke to «o«t»r limmWl W# jknow Poxborough came ?hi ill ill jJiTJIiii to Sm+mmd^ttommo tires we have STyet 'no clue to;M*. Fosedyke accepted; but from tb9 witnesses at the Hopbine it^doesmot appear to hav« bean simply a dinner between two old friends. If the invitation was given verbally, it is very likely that some one heard it given. At all evente *he» nut be ipeople in Baumboroagh who noticed this stranger. If, which may be possible, the man wrote, there'e a chance that the ladies at Dyke know something about it, and that the letter is not as yet de stroyed. Ton see, doctor, if you can get hold of a man's handwriting, and this Foxborough was undoubtedly an educated man, or if you can get hold of an accurate description of him, you are pretty much upon his track.' ' All of which makes it quite clear to me that you won't altogether waste aday in Baumborough, Sergeant Usher. At all events I'll not sanction you going out to Dyke to-day.' ' It may be you're right, sir/ rejoined the de tective. * Anyhow, it seems I have got to pass the day here, and, therefore, I must just make vhe best of it. I'll call ia to-morrow, doctor, to see whai you 'can do for me. Good morning.' (TO BB CONTUflTBD.) 