; v QltoEB ECaoM ' Dubinq the past few days there havo been -tvo agents from insurance1 offices soeking -to take tho lives of Corowa peopled 'Now that topdora havo heon called to fence the now road to tlio Murray, it is' quite natural tho lnsuronoo'coinpiuues! should consider the? Hves of. people in this diptHot safer, :arid send up agents. It is no easy matter -to' dSccivo an assiiranco agent, 'but one of .the gontlemon. wo. recently, visited this .district was led into a nice - littlo 'trap by ".sqtaRpsottdo. friends. He knew there was :an |Qasuxarico agent in the town- besides 'but theso friends iatrodu'cod a .til ir-g ontl e ra a n to him, ajviaitor from Syd- v%ho tboy stated bad taken the lives fo? in'fcfor tho leading people in .the town. 'Phriifg 'tho time tbataesurance agent No. I :temain'9d:in Corowa, ho was joalous of the iSdnoy" visitor, - and couldn't relish his vinoals "properly. 'T was ; cruel i to deceive him, >- .. A publican in1 London, -when business Was Black, -reported to a newspapers-late at night, tlmt.a.holo blopk of buildings close to where' his hotel was situatod had fallen in. There was no time to verify the state ment, and .it was published. Next day crowds of people flocked to, tho place whore :tho-tataotrophcuwa3 aupposcd'to Uavo bap- ppned, nnd bitter disappointment wus the result. Tho.;.h6telkeepcrJ that day, 'liotr- . eyor/wa's kopt yey buoy supplying drinks, and netted a gCjod' oqm of money.1 Somo people say that the' ghoot' scare at Euthor- glen has been .'git up by thfa publicans to -iporeasQ their ' trdde;;dnd''if ;snoh ; be the oase, history in this rcspcot,;ogain repeats itself, but aoyono who kabwa 'the Euther . glen publicans 13 fully aware they would not resort to such tactics. -"With roforoaco to tho Bcaroi ono thing is certain. The pooplo of Corowa wore more oxcited about it than thoso of Eutherglon; and: soemed to,' know .'fuller parti6ulara,\\.Tt.ia' orident tliero.. nro i;two' ; or 'threo 1 individuals in Corowa with very fortilo imaginations, and tha Eutliorglon. ghost was a fruitful topic for thom to onlargo upon, which they aid to a very full oxtcut. 3TIDELIS. 