ENTERTAINMENTS. ACADEMY OF MUSIC. The Academy was well filled in every, part last night, on the occasion of the fifth repre sentation of "La Fille du Tambour Major," The audience was a most appreciative one, and the applause was frequent and enthusiastic. This pretty opera will bo repeated tonight for the last time, after which it will be withdrawn In favour of that charming composition of Plaoquette, "Lea Cloches de Corneville.” We append . the following outline of the piece : “The Comte de Lucenay, attainted for poli tical reasons, flies from France, leaving hia infant daughter Lucienne and considerable personal property io the care of a retainer, Qaspard. This wily Norman, however, for* seeing that the Comte may never return to claim his own (which indeed happens) brings up the child as bis niece, under the name of Germaine, and gratifies bis insatiable greed for money by hoarding the Comte's trea sure, He has chosen for bis coffers the decay ing rooms of the old Chateau of Corneville, long since deserted by its lord, attainted of treason, like De Lucenay, and an exile from France. The grandson of this Matquis de Corneville is, however, alive, and the interdict cn the estatee having been removed by the King the village gossips believe that one day the long expected heir will return. Meanwhile the castle has an evil notoriety, lb is haunted; mailed spec tres flit along its corridors, and ghostly phan toms flit across its lighted windows at night. But In truth these are devices of the cunning Qaspard to frighten away all intending tenants of the old chateau. At the opening of the opera a knot of girls are on their way' to the hiring fair. Amongst them is Serpoletfce,* waif picked up by Qaspard on a bank of wild thyme in one of bis fields, and grown now into bis eer* vant. of all work. She has thrown up bis protection, however, and seeks a better place. Germaine eventually joins the band, also flying from Guspard's house, but from a very differ' eat motive.. The old miser has promised her band to the vilage bailie, a pompous, meddling old fellow, lately come todiis kingdom, with a strong desire to open tbs chateau and audit the baron's accounts. Now, : Gartnaine has betrothed herself to ;a. ne’er-do-well of the locality, a yonng fisherman named Greuicbeux; who, as she supposes, saved - her from drowning. But in fact- her deliverer was really . the long lost heir—the young Henri de Corneville, now. captain of an aimed ship, .with a roving commission, who a year before had put ashore at Harfleur to revisit the house of bis fathers. At the open ing of the opera he again returns—and this time he resolves to take possession of his an cestral castle. The hiring fair, where be en gages servants—amongst others Germaine, Ser polotte,and . Gronicbeux (now turned coach man), concludes the first part of the story. The scene changes to the haunted halls of the chateau. The young lord, with bis officers and crew,* torch and sword in hand, break into the deserted rooms—and lay their plans to aur* prise the adventurers, whom they suppose to be really the ghosts of the village tradition. Two discoveries bearing directly on tbetfor tunea of the two heroines.are here made by the Marquis. Firstly, he finds that the girl he rescued from the sea is the Germaine who has.captivated him, but who believes herself bound in honour to Greuicbeux, Secondly, he discovers certain documents. (left by old Qaspard) referring to the flight of. Comte da Lucenay and the placing of bis infant daughter with the miser. The vivacious Sorpolette im mediately rushes to the conclusion that she is the noble child in question, and thenceforth gives herself all the imaginary airs, of her rank. The arrival of someone is announced by the scouts—Greuicbeux is put into a suit of mail to watch the intruder uuseen—and the Marquis aud bis crew retire to the armoury. The old miser appears—works bis phantoms— Hgbts the candelabra—wallows in his gold— and then comes a swift and awful vengeance. The rusty bells toll—a ghostly chant is heard —then a legend of mailed spectres—all the dead and buried lords of Corneville appear and advance on the appalled miser, who sinks wondering aud terror stricken on his gold. This startling tableau concludes the second part of the story. Tin last act is devoted to the unravelling of the mys tery attached.to Germaine. This is done by patching together the bints dropped in his ravings by old Qaspard, who confirms them on bis return to sanity, and owns that Germaine is not his niece, but Mdlle. de Lucenay. In the same* moment that young lady learns that she is free to give her hand where she loves, for that to Henri de Come ville, and not GrenLheux, she owed her life. Across tho serious interest of tbo denouement comes the lighter texture of Sorpolette’s for* tunas. Ho sooner does she assume the silks and satins of ranks than she is undeceived as to her real position, and has ogam to look for* ward to sabots aud cotton. Over the be trothal of Marquis and Germaine come, this time gladly, the chimes of "Lee Cloches de Corneville." 