PIONEER PROBLEM. To the Editor of the Argus Sir,-In some unpublished tranactions of the domestic nursery exist notes of a juvenile controversy on a question possessing at leaat as much interest for the public as the point raised by Mr Peppercorn in The Argus of this morning In the ancient legend of "The Cat and the Filddle the cow is stated to have jumped over the moon, and the little dog laughed to see the fun, while " the dish run away with the spoon ' It is the moaning of the latter line that has chiefly exercised the minds of our infant jurists and philosophers Does it describe a mere elopement of a loving couple, or a felony ' What does " ran away with ' really mean ' I shall not quote any of the arguments by which each view is main- tained or contested (up to the present time without any decision being arrived at) simply because other matters of more importance are before the public. For the same reason I shall not discuss the question started by Mr Peppercorn. So far as I am concerned, it shall be placed in the "cat and fiddle" cate- gory of cases, as not deserving grave atten- tion. I fully appreciate the courteous personal reference to myself in Mr Peppercorn s letter, but will he tell us why the gentlemen for whom he writes, who have been engaged for several years in giving reunions instruction in our state schools under the Education Act, did not make their work generally known? They cannot have been ignorant of the bitter controversies that have raged over the education question, which they might have prevented or ameliorated. What has just been publicly done, proving that moral and religious instruction of the young in our state schools is possible without any alteration of the Education Act, tbey have had private knowledge of and practised for years past. Why did they keep this practical knowledge to themselves? Why did they not rather pro- claim it from the house-tops? Call you this " pioneering ? " The ghost was declared by Hamlet to be "a worthy pioneer " Was it because he, too, worked out of sight, like an "old mole in the cellerage." I am, &c.; May 24 C.A.Saint. 