EUHOES OF MELBOURNE. a [BY TI? GHosT ] p The floodgates of talk are once more 8' opened. Parliament has been inaugurated c with the accustomed ceremonies, and our legislators are once more at work. If they only manage to dispose of one half of the items set cut in the programme submitted in the Governor's speech, they 0J will have achieved mora in one session a than any of their predecessors have been i able to accomplish. In fact there will reinainbiutlittleforany futureparliamentse to do, and hen. members of the future O may have to walk about singing the well known refrain of the man " All the way ti from Manchester." According to present appearances, there is, however, very little chance of any such contingency, there will be plenty for the legislators of the n future. to exorcise their oratorical gifts upon. There will be quite as much gabble in the Assembly under a "strong" as under a weak administration. The debate on the reply to the address made this fact abundantly plain. When Dr. Rose, with an amount of fluency _and tl self- sufliciency, somewhat rare in "thin s, youngest member of the House," as he o styled himself, and Mr. Charles Smith, U oivnth a modesty aid a brevity equolly s raef, had respectivdlj' moved and g seconded the usual reply to the address, t' there certainly was an opportunity dfforded a for the exhibition of a little self-control on the part of honourable members. But n the temptation was too strong, and Mr. k M'Intyre, the ron. member for Malden, p who has to all intents and purposes "jumped" the position and assumed the b leadership of the Opposition, could not resist it. So he talked on in his amusing fashion for ." nearly an hour by Shrews- v bury clock," and half a dozen ehombers C following his example, the debate, which should have closed at half-past six, did not terminate untilpast eleven. On the t next evening the game was continued, and t a little "stonewalling" was indulgod in c by Mr. Shield, who talked against I time for upwards of two mortal hours. His object was to postpone the division on the motion proposed by Mnr. Mirants , condemning the action of the trustees in t opening tie Museum and Picture Gallery r on Sundays. But his tactics were un availing, for by an overwholming ma jority the members of the Assembly, c whom one of their number, in the course of his speech, described as the "goody I goody lot," affirmed the proposition of ( the representative of Collingwood. What t action thIe trustees will take in coneo- 1 quenco of the vote is now matter for con jecture. Some people epine they will at once bow to the expressed will of the people's representatives; others again aflirm that they will take no notice of thie debate but-to quote an expression of r Sir Charles Gavan' Duffy's-" look over r the heads of Parliament to 'the people be- I yond.". Singularly enough, this is a matter upon which the electors and the I elected are not united. Were the man hood of the colony polled on the question there is small doubt that an. emphatic I 'vote would be given in favour of giving t to the people the opportunity of inspect- I ing their natural works of art on the day I oni which they can most conveniently I avail themselves of the privilege. But I the Wesleyan and Presbyterian bodies are a power at election times. They give a "solid" vote at the ballot box, and so can bring pressure to hboar. And they are, I moreover, gifted with an amount of perti- I nacity which, when once they make up their minds to take any course, causes I them to pursue it to the bitter end. The last has not been heard of this Sunday question . At present it is tile little cloud no bigger than a man's hand, that may developo into a storm that i may perchance wreck the prcstge of the Government. Fatigued apparently with its exertions, and having practically asserted its virtue by condemning the Library trustees, the Assembly, shortly before one o'clock on Thursday morning, adjourned until the following Tuesday. If people are curious to know who are the saints, let them attentively scan the division lists. They will find there certain names that will cause as much astonishment as over did the presence of Saul among the prophets. The Rev. Charles Strong has been having rather a bad time of it-that is, he would have had if he had not treated the matter with great equanimity. The Mol bourne Presbytery met, and with closed doors, and in the absence of the alleged culprit, proceeded to try him for having had the 'hardihood to express opinions at variance with their own in regard to the most orthodox way of spending Sunday. What the dire penalties with which the reverend gentleman was threatened in the event of continued contumacy are, it is of course impossible to do more than surmise, and in truth it hardly matters much. So long as Mr. Strong's congre gation stick to him he will probably stick to his opinions, the Rev. F. R. M. Wilson, Dr. Macdonald, and the entire lot of Scotch divines in Melbourne "to the contrary notwithstanding " Some one of course murdered the Chinaman who was found with his skull fractured, his ribs broken, and his throat cut in a lane off Little Bourke-stroeet. So the police arrested a countryman of the deceased, and the coroner and his jury having sat upon him, Mr. Ah Yet has been fully committed for killing Mr. Ah Young. There is nothing, however, to connect the prisoner with the deed, and inn all probability there will be no Mongolian funeral within the precincts of the gaol. It is rather fortunate the news of the successful floating of the loan of two millions came as a sort of salve to heal the wound to our colonial dignity occasioned by the refusal of thie Home authorities either to annex New Guinea themselves or to allow the Queensland Governmennt to do so; "otherwise there would have beoon a "bit of a rumpus." It certainly is a "sunb" to be virtually told by Downing.-astreet that they know better than we do ourselves what is good for I us. If we hadl been "federated," matters might have become serious. Americs, when she "went for" her independence the anniversary of which, by the way, was duly celebrated by thie Yankees resident among us on the 4th inst.-did not con tain the number ofinhabitants of which SAustralasia can now boast. There might I hae vobeoen an Australian nation by this tIime had we beeoon as hot-headed as our progenitors. It certainly would not be pleasant were any other nation to colonise Sany of thie places within reach of us. Just Simagine whlat the state of a community Smust be when such desirable young ladies Sas have lately boon sent to New Caledonia Sas wives for the deportee there form the Smajority of the society. Sone of the official records of a few of those ornaments. Sof tile fair sex are worth transcribing. S" Oatherino P--, aged 24. Antecedents S-Debauoheod; mnother of three natural Schildren; strangled a child at birth with Sthe strings of hier apron." " Angelique F--, aged 22 years. Houso I breakiug and robbery at night of I an old woman of 80, setting fire to the Shouse, and burning the poor woman and Stwo or three adjacent houses, and then ac I cusing an innocentporson." "Chat. Mlario RobertsonO- -, aged20l. Most depraved; Sconfined of a fine child in tile honsso of Ssome poor cultivator, who treated her Swith great charity, ashe stole some clothing Sleft with the infant, buried it alive, and Sreturned drunk in the evening in comn pony with two drunken solliers." iHow pleasan?t it would be were France to annex the New Hebridea, or establish a penal settlement in New Guinea, ,and some of these delightful young females come over to us I In matters theatrical there is nothing very new to chronicle.. Miss Pomeroy has again essayed the part of Hamlet, . but although she gives a spice of originality to the' character of the unfortunate Danish Prince, and gives a thoroughly scholarly interpre tation to the text, the part is one in which she lhardly does justice to her talents. lRignold opens to-day at the Opera House, where he has migrated from the Royal, when the grand sonsa tional drama of "Pluck" is to he pre sented to-night. The cast includes a number of old Melbourne favourites, but no names new to fame. July 8. 