HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, August 14. The Speaker took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. Petitions in fa'our of the amendment of the laws relating to social purity were presentedBy Mr. Haines, from f>9 adult females of Mount fioaaant; by Mr. Landseer, from 82 adult females of Mount Barker; by the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. C. Bray), from 734 adult females In Adelaide; by Mr. Sti rung, from 64 adult females of Mount Barker; by \- the Minister of Education (Hoi. J. L. Parsons), from 99 females in North Adelaide ; by the lion. T. I'layford, from 673 ladies of East Toirens ; by Mr. Basedow, from 187 females of Gawler District; by Mr. Coglin, from 168 females of Port Augusta; and l>y Mr. King, from 123 females of Glenelg, Parksidc, and otber places. Petitions were also presented: —By Mr. Bagster, from 81 farmers and others of Southern Yorke's Peninsula, praying for certain amendmends in the land laws; by Mr. Bf.aglehole, from the Corporation of Wallnroo; by Mr. Bright, from the Corporation of Port Wakefield, and by the Hon. T. Playford, from the Corporation of Kensington and Norwood, in favour of certain amendments in the Main Roads A>ill; by Mr. Coles, from 43 residents in Roberts town, praying for the declaration of a polling place ' there. QUESTIONS. It was stated by Ministers—In'reply to Mr. Mat. tinson, that the Largs Bay Land Company have not paid the amount thev guaranteed to pay to the \- Government for conducting the traffic on their rail way, and that the Commissioner of Public Works has intimated that the Government will stop running trains cn their line unlcBs the debt is paid; in reply to the Hon. J. Carr, that in their taxation proposals the Government intend to omit from taxation the premiums of the Life Assurance Com panies, besides buildings used for religious purposes, and Government and municipal buildings, ana that they will make any other alterations which the House propose if they are considered desirable, and do not affect the principle oi the taxation scheme; in reply to Mr. Johnson, that no more immigrant vessels hare been ordered to leave England for the colony; in reply to Mr. Haines, that the Govern ment have consulted the Law Officers of the Crown, who think that it is necessary under the District Councils Amendment Act of last session for notices of assessment to be sent out in writing, and that to remedy this the Government are having a Bill prepared, and that this measure will shortly be introduced; in reply to Mr. Ward, that the reported announcement that the South Australian loan will in no case be placed upon the market earlier than November next is untrue; and that, in reply to a telegram enquiring ns to the reported announcemeot, the Agent • General says there iB no truth in the rumour referred to; in reply to Mr. Newland, that no provision exists for enabling a District Council, in the case of exchange of reserves, to divest itself of the condition of trust as vested in it, and that this will he provided far in an amending District Coun \- cils BUI. THE ANNEXATION QUESTION. On the motion for the House going into Com \- mittee, Mr. Ward made a personal explanation with regard to the Hon. J. Service sending him certain despatches in regard to the annexation \- question, acquitting that gentleman of any breach of political etiquette, and disclaiming himself any breach of the confidence thst gentleman had re posed in him. MARRIED WOMEN'S PROPERTY BILL. The Legislative Council notified by message the passage oi the Married Women's Property Bill, which was read a first time, the eecoad reading being fixed for Tuesday next. SUPPLY.—THE ESTIMATES. In Committee.—Resumed debate. The Hon. 3. CARR considered the Government should not be bound to erery detail of their taxation scheme. The Hon. Mr. Colton had propounded a rival scheme in a manly and straightforward way, and he agreed with him that a want of economy for the past four or five years had been a great reason for the present necessity for taxation. There had been an inordinate increase in many ways of late years, to which the present state of affairs was in a great measure due. Education in 187S cost £39,334, and the sum set down for 1884 was £102.249, or nearly three times as much, and he did not think the work was done very much better. In the matter of immigration altogether too much bad been spent. In one breath we were told that immigration was required for the carrying on of our public works, ana yet in the next we were told that the labourers who buUt our railways came from Victoria. That fact was sufficient to make us cautious in intro ducine Ibbourer*. Besides, our national works did net afford regular employment, nor could the farmers employ labour all the year round, and ac coidingly they could not expect to keep men here, and what was tbe use of introducing them. He doubted the advisability of engaging a Professor to teacli the farmers what to do. The Professor was provided with plenty cf money, and if farmers attempted to cultivate on the same principles as he, tbev would undoubtedly fail. The direct result of all that the Professor accomplished was comparatively useless. It would be just as sen sible to import Professors to educate our merchants, butchers, and bakers liow to conduct their business. But Governments seemed to have a mania for cieating new departments, and appointing heads of departments. The Nairne Railway Enquiry showed that where there were several heads of departments they were generally in each other's way. Divided responsibility reduced efficiency. He concurred with the Hon. J. Colton that a saving of £40,OM might be made in the Estimates, bnt the House had never been economical, and some lion, members would vote for almost any expenditure proposed. These members, too, were generally the most popu lar in the House and in the country. Before they put on k tax, as proposed by the Government, they oueht to economise. (Hear, hear.) He had voted for the taxation proposals of last year because it was an attempt to tax property, which he believed should be taxed. But in looking at the present scheme he found that in England au income tax was imposed of Od. in the pound on ail incomes above £160, and of 3d. in the pound on all incomes between that and £100; but the proposal of the Treasurer equalled a tax of Is. 4£d. in the pound on incomes all round, because no matter what form the tax took it had to come out of the incomes. (Hear, hear.) This tax would press heavily on property that was already taxed by the District Councils and Corpora* tions. To an income tax alone there was an objection that it was a tax upon intellect, but as incomes were uncertain the tax was necessarily only temporary. It seemed to be the opinion outside that the land should bear all the burdens of the State, and a certain Mr. George was taken as the great leader and guide in this matter. But he $Mr. Cavr) thought something must be done, and if they could moderate the Treasurer's proposals and still try to make property hear a fair share of the burdens of the State he would support the Go vernment. It wa9 very desirable that some of our rich men who did not contribute as much to the revenue as a poor man with a large family, should be called upon to pay annually agood round cheque Into tbe exchequer. Articles had appeared in one of the newspapers almost daily advocating that the land should be taxed, but it was only 'throwing du9t in their eyes. Countries such as Persia, Turkey—that depended on a land tax to raise revenue were the most God forsaken countries in the world. It was bad policy to increase the burdens of the farmers, and so crush itheir productive powers more than at present by loo much taxation. Before they talked about the laud bearing > all the burdens they should see tliat professional incomes contributed something. He was bound, after all, to accept tho principles of the Treasurer's scheme. (Hear, heir.) France was one of the most prosperous countries in the world, and that condi tion uad been brought about by means of moderate protection to her industries, and because most of tbe land was held under small proprietaries. For this reason he believed the policv with which Mr. Berry's name was connected in victoria was wise and just, and for our national prosperity we should discourage the accumulation of large estates. (Hear, hear.) Thus, as large estites were undesirable, they should pay increased taxation He believed id. instead of Id. in the pound would give tbe Trea surer as much as he required, and it was one of the worst things to give a Treasurer £10,000 when be only needed £1,000. He should favour a sliding scale, and would impose on estates of 10,000 acres and over a tax of ijd. in the pound, and on estates above 20,000 acreB Id. in the pound. He would vote for passing the first line of the Estimates, and for the principles of the Government scheme, and try to modify in the way he had indicated. Mr. COLES haa always looked upon the Treasurer as an able financier, hut he thought he had, in sub mitting this taxation scheme, made a great bluuder. for before it was passed it would be so altered that he would admit that be had blundered. The financial position had been very fully discussed by Mr. Rounsevell and the Hon. J. Colton, and it was patent to every one. On July 1, 1882, we had a credit balance of £57,000, and liabilities in the shape of unexpended balances to £103,000; on June SO, 1883\. we had a debit balance of £76,000 and unex pended balances £114,000. No doubt a considerable portion of this difficulty was owing to tbe falling off in land sales. (Treasurer—" Entirely.") Last year he thought the Treasurer had overestimated the amount to be received from land sales, and his (Mr. Coles's) predictions had proved correct. This year he thought the amount had been underesti mated, because tbe prospect of a plentiful harvest never looked better in the history of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He thought the amount set down for land sales would be largely increased. At present, howevei, there was a large deficiency, and taxation was absolutely necessary. There was not a member of the House who had not promised bis constituents to support some scheme of taxation, but not the scheme brought forward by the Treasurer, who had been inconsistent in his proposals. Last year he proposed a tax on cheques and land outside District Councils. He then said he wished to put the saddle on the right horse, and now he thought he was putting the saddle on the wrong horse, namely, the industries of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He would support a land tax and au income tax, and would oppose any attempt to tax the improvements on the laud. His hon. colleague (Mr. Dixson) had promised at the meeting on the previous night at Kapunda to support these taxes. That gentleman knew the feeling in the district they represented, and lie would now ask him to consider the effect of the proposals of the Govern* rnent They were not going to tax property on its annual hut its actual value, and now they were told that life Assurance Companies were to be exempted, also that the Government did not propose to follow New Zealand and retain the power to take any man's property at 10 per cent, above his valuation. He was glad this latter provision had been excised, as it was one of the most iniquitous things ever brought before any Parliament Although the plan the Government had substituted of giving the power of appeal against the valuation was not so objectionable, still people would have to submit to that valuation or go to law, and he thought to save bother and legal expenses they would prefer the former. The property tax would have a serious and deterrent effect on the industries of the colony. The Wallaroo Mines would be heavily taxed.and they had not paid a dividend for some time. Then Messrs. Martin & Co.'s land and buildings at Gawler would be taxed, then their plant would be taxed, aud their implements and machinery would be taxed, whether they were making a profit or not, or whether they sold their goods or not. He knew that for four years past the machinists had made very little out of their business, and to tax them would-be most unfair and unjust. His colleague, Mr. Dixson, at the Eapunda meeting, said his political opinions had lost him both social and political friends; but he would remind him that liis political opinions had resulted in his being received by the district of Light with open arras, and if he was true to his convictions he would be similarly received when next he sought its suffrages. The hon. member Baid he would support tbe motions carried at the meeting, and if lie respected that promise he need not fear the result or the next elections. He did not think taxation was necessary at present, but if it was the Treasurer had asked too much. Then we were receiving £56,000 a year from pastoral leases, and in the course of three or four years these leases would fall in. If they were then submitted to public competition we should receive nearer £200,000, which would be a substantial addition to the revenue. If an amendment was proposed he Baw no reason why it should be taken as a motion of no confidence, and he hoped it would not be taken in that light. (Hear, hear.). In 1878 the present Treasurer bad affirmed a similar sentiment, and he hoped the House would consider the two proposals on their merits. (Hear, hekr.) Mr. BRIGHT thought the Treasurer's view of the colony was too gloomy, for he believed it was in a sound and prosperous condition. But economy required as much attention as taxation, and he believed with the Hon. Mr. Colton that £40,000 could be struck ofl the Estimates without injury to the public service. He believed the bonds for the new loan should have been floated some months ago, when they would have brought £110, and the colony had lost by the delay. The Treasurer had played his game of whist badly. The land revenue depended on how much land tho ^Government put up for sale; but he did not agree with any addition of 5 per cent to the Customs. He thought they would be very foolish If they passed a similar tax to that in force in England. By it the farmers' machinery would be taxed year after year, and the lV≪&roo; and Moonta mines that did not now pay dividends would be liable, and the effect would he considerable upon tbe working men. Many articles that working men consumed now escaped Customs duties, but if this tax became law not a single article would escape, but everything I would be taxed to tbe amount of one penny In the J pound. It would rail back on the consumers. If tbe Banks were taxed they would make their customers pay it. Our difficulty was only tempo rary, but if they passed this tax to meet it they would not be able to take it off again. Then if a man owned land near Adelaide the assessor would ^alue it at the price it would bring if cut up into quarter-acre blocks, and that was manifestly, unfair. Medical and legal gentlemen making large incomes would eFcape. lie would snpoort a land and income tax, as he did not consider the Government scheme fair or equitable. Such a heavy tax was not neces sary at the present time, and be thought the revenue would he larger than expected by the Treasurer. Mr. WHINHAM would oppose the taxation scheme of the Government, not on account of its wont of comprehensiveness or adaptability for raising money in a fair and equitable way from all classes of the community, bnt under it the capita lists would not have to pay. (Bear, hear.) It was the same when ad valorem duties were imposed— the consumer had to^pi^r, and when a tax was put upon capital the burden would fall upon borrower. He opposed this taxation because it was the outcome of extravagant government. At present we were giving upwards of £200,90) a year to District Councils andBoad Beards, au 1 it was about time that system was put an end to, and then there would be no necessity for taxation. The CHIEF SECRETABY (Bon. J. C. Bray) said if erery one endeavoured to bring in a pet scheme nothing would be done at all. What they had to dtcide was whether they were to have a tax on capitalists or not. Mr. Whmham said knock off the grant in aid to District Councils and Corpora tions, and taxation would not be necessary, but the Government did not intend to propose anything of the sort. The people of the country would not be satisfied with the stoppage of tbe grants-in-aid, and tbe consequent cessation of improvements to roads and bridees. The people say these things shall be done, and hat the moneyed classes shall pay for them. The working men and the producers did not I complain cf the proposed tax; it was the moneyed men who complained, and who always did do so. but an all round system would be adopted, by which owners of property and the owners of land would be made to pay for tbe protection afforded to their possessions. As to the Hon. Mr. Colton's pro position, under which all improvements were to be excepted, Jit was a mere sham, and had no existence in any civilized country in the world. That hou. gentleman also referred to tbe excess balance of £100,000 left on the Bichirichi Railway, but tbe estimate was £700,000 instead of £100,000, as stated by the lion, member, and at tbe time the estimate w as trade the price of rails was £11 per ton, but when they were purchased they had fallen to £7 18s. per ton, and thus an unexpected saving of £42,COO was effected. The next lowest tender for the line was £52,000 more than the one accepted, and that showed the estimate was not far wrong. The saving of £00,000 on the Government Gums Railway was also effected in the purchase of rails. Mr. Coltuu said tliey had under-estimated the re venue, but it all depended upon the harvest, and the Government had done all they could to make the estimate upon a fair and reasonable basis. The bon. gentleman also said he could cut down the railway estimates by £35,OCO, but the lines could not be worked at less than the sum put down. The Government had provided £17,000 more than last year, and of tliis tbe Naime line would swallow £12,000. As to relaying the Northern line, the work would cost a total of £;0,000, and only £15,000 had been put down this year, as it was considered the expense should be spread over several years. Already this £15,000 might he said to be expended, as the rails had been pur chased. Then the hon. gentleman said that the Treasurer should have added another £100,030 on the estimate for land sales. Of course a great deal more might be obtained from this source If sales for cash were forced, but that was not the policy of the Government. He had said if the purchases of all the credit selections were completed he would re ceive two or three times the amount, but that was altogether improbable, and there was not the least hope of getting auother £100,000 from land sales. As to the Permanent Force they certainly only had nineteen men, but the amount set down wss required for the erection of barracks. Mr. Bounsevell said it was absolutely wicked to take any of the Transfer Eoau Fund for the purposes of the Jubilee Exhibition, but it would not be necessary to borrow money for that object, and he believed they could fairly take this fund for the Exhibition, and that the House would affirm tbe proposition. With regard to the property tax the hon. member for Wooroora (Mr. Bright) had paid the greatest compliment to it when he said there was no getting away from it. The hon. member had also said that doctors and lawyers would escape, but there were few professional gentlemen who bad not property, and they would accordingly have to pay. If they went in for a land tax every working man who had an allotment with a cottage on it would be taxed, but under the property tax he would be exempt. He would tell tbe capitalists if they were not pre pared to accept this scheme a system of progressive taxation would be adopted, whereby tbe richer man would have to pay at a higher ratio. If laud were taxed without tne improvement < on it it would be the means of allowing the wealthiest men to escape, for what was the value of a squatter's run without the dams, fencing, Ac. The free traders who never before had a word to Bay on behalf of colonial industries now made a clamour that these industries would be crushed by the Government system of taxation. If it was the object of the State to protect life and property, every man ought to pay by some such scheme as this. He Would ask the House that the Estimates should not he reduced, and that public works should not be stopped, or the grants in aid to District Councils and Main Boads should not be cut off; hut that those who the best means of con tributing to tbe revenue should be made to do so. (Hear, bear.) Mr. NEW'LAND agreed with the general policy of the Government. He bad always opposed tbe ex penditure of large sums of money, and if that principle had been followed there would be uo need now for this taxation. Money could be saved by putting off the erection of Parliament Houses, ana by building tbe Transcontinental Bailway on the land grant system. He believed the Estimates could be cut down as stated by the Hon. Mr. Colton. He would support immigration, because of the vital importance of adding to tbe population. Taxation wa3 now necessary, and he would support any fair scheme. There was no doubt a land tax was popular throughout the country; and he thought tne accumulated funds of provident Societies, machinery, the plant of farmers and stationholders, and household furniture should ho exempt. But he considered a land tax more inquisitorial than a property tax. He would sup port a tax on beer, because the brewers of South Australia got off more lightly than in any of the other colonies. A tax of 2d. per gallon on the 150,000 gallons of beer made every year would bring in £67,000. Mr. -DIXSON would not have spoken but for tbe unseemly exhibition made by his csUeague. He had never dictated to Mr. Coles, and he could hardly forgive the hon. member for dictating to him. (Mr. Coles—" I only asked you to be true to your pledge, that's all.") He looked npon the hon. member as a political sundowner—Mr. Coles hoped the Government would not resign, but prayed all night that they might be put out. He thought hon. members who were colleagues, although disagreeing in politics might still be friends; hut when Mr. Coles attempted to lecture him on his duty he simply resented his arrogance. A member should be in sympathy with his constituents, and he was elected by the District of Light and not by the colony. Mr. Coles said he was bonnd by a promise to oppose tbe Government proposals, bat he would confer with those who elected him—not with those who opposed him—and if he could not bring them to what was reasonable he would resign his seat. Mr. COLES was exceedingly sorry he had offended his colleague by simply drawing his atten tion to the meeting at K&punaa; and the resolutions which he had agreed to support. The hon. member said be had been received by bis constituents when he was a stranger; perhaps he would not have been returned if the electors had known him better. He would not have referred to tbe matter bnt for tbe fact that Mr. Dixson hinted in the train that he felt he would have to go in opposition to his con stituents. Mr. LANDSEER thought the Estimates had been very badly compiled, for last year Customs had yielded £8,000 more than the estimate. The total value of goods sent from this colony to New South Wales via the Biver Murray was £297,843, and con sequenUy it was hardly fair to speak of the £11,000 deficiency on the convention as a positive loss. The Land Act had been badly administered, and moneyed men had employed dummies and in creased their large freeholds at £10s. 61. per acre. In regard to immigration, it was to be regretted that population was not increasing in proportion to the public debt. It was a pity we had started tbe Exhibition, but having gone so far he hoped it would be successful He was astonished to heir the Treasurer propose to spend £124,000 more than last year. If we bad a fair year injustice would be done io manufactures and other industries if this amount were forced into the market. The Esti mates were understated. With a good season rail ways would realize more than put down, and Crown lands wculd probably give £00,000 more. In consider ing taxation they ought to consider the Northern Territory. It was not the white elephant it was once thought to be, and we were likely to receive greit benetlt from it. It would be a fatal thing to pass the proposal of the Treasurer, and the colony did not lequire such a scheme. Byadoptinganotherroute for the Border Baiiway £100,000 would he saved to the colony, and he did not think we were in a position to squander that amount of mrney. The property tax would be very prejudicial. Goods would be taxed upon their arrival and again when they got into the merchants' warehouse, and also when they got into the possession of the store keepers. If they became old stock they would be further taxed, and when they were sold and went into other properties they would be taxed for ever. This would all prevent capital coming into the colony. Be favoured an income and a land tax. Thus a man's success wouhl be taxed and not his losses. Mr. H. E. DOWNED said a good deal had been made by retrenchment, but no Governments seemed to carry that out. They could not afford to retrench in tho matters of immigration and the grants in aid of Corporations and District Councils. Bethought a property tax was preferable to land and income taxes, and he did not believe the former would in crease the rents of the poorer classes. He should endeavour to eee that no portion of the community escaped, and lie would support the Treasurer's scheme. Mr. BASEDOW thought the Government pro posal at first blush looked fair, but exceptions would have to he made. If personal property were taxed there would have to be still more excep tions. Be had always advocated a property and income tax combined. The objection to an income tax was that no one liked bis private affairs looked into, hut, on reading Mr. Cromhie's pamphlet on the New Zealand property tax, ho thought that the inquisition in the latter was equally baa. Be would exempt struggling industries, and woidd go against anything that hampered thrift and industry. If the property tax were passed he thought jd. in the pound would he sufficient. By a beer tax of 9s. per cask on the 300,000 hogsheads consumed in the colony each year a t erenue of £125,000 would be the result. (The Chief Secretary—" That would he a cask for every man, woman, and child in the colony.") If it was only half that amount it would he worth consideration. Be would support the Government if no better scheme weie brought forward. Mr. BOSWOBTH felt it was not necessary to tax the country to a very large extent, hut that greater economy should be exercised in connection with the educational system, post and telegraph offices, and with the sinking of wells and dams. Be would support a beer tax, which would bring in £00,030. A share of taxation should be placed on the pastoral lessees. Taking the rental at three times it now was—£50,000—it would give some £100,000. That, with the beer tax, would give £220,000 more than was required. An income and property tax would be even better than the Government scheme, and ho hoped they would not treat an amendment as a vote of want of confidence. Mr. KINGSTON said at the last general elections nearly all hon. members had promised to support a change in the incidence of taxation. The Govern ment scheme was a radical one, and if licked into shape would remove the evils complained of. Bis vote would depend on whether the scheme could be made workable, but at present he was taken by the principle. The Bray Ministry had now what they never bad before—a financial policy. (Laughter.) Be congratulated them, and hoped they would sti.k to it. If the scheme could not be made workable he would go for the Bon. Mr. Colton's. Mr. JOHNSON wished to make a correction as to the quantity of beer brewed in the colony. It should have been 150,OCO hogsheads, but that would give- ] about £60,000 a year. Mr. ROUNSEVELL denied Mr. Howe's assertion that he had said the financial difficulties were caused by the concessions granted to the selectors. With regard to Mr. Dixson, when that gentleman had thought fit to go to a public meeting in bis own district and drag his name before it in the way he had, lie was bound to say a word in i-elf-defence. He had struck as hard as he could, and had received hard blows, but be had always avoided personalities. The hon. member accused him of babbling, but he was willing to have a public comparison of his manner of speech and the hon. gentleman's super cilious style. Mr. Dixson had tried to saddle him with the sins of the Morgan Ministry, when he was only a member of it for a fortnight. It was unfair, but it was characteristic of the hon. member. The hon. member who criticised another's conduct should have his own scrutinized. They all knew that he bad applauded the taxation scheme of the Treasurer, although lieg&ve; no reason for doing so, and yet he could go up to the District of Light and eat the leek in the manner he had done. (The Hon. J. Colton—"That is enough; let the subject drop.") It was an explanation. An hon. member who had accused another of dishonest in tentions ctight to have his own conduct scruti nized. (Mr. Mattinson—" You should return good forovil.") The bin. member had given indua ad hesion to the scheme proposed by the Treasurer, and yet he could go to his constituents, and when lie found it did not suit them he altered his tone, as he bad often done before. It was just like the Yankee orator, who gave his views on certain sub jects before the electors, and then wound up by saying, "If my views don't suit you, they can he easily altered." That was what he had done. He went up to the District of Light full of his intention to support the Government. He found it did not suit, and hack he came. He might tell Mr. Dixscn that when he had beeu Iouger in the llouse—if he were sent hack again—it would he well if be attacked the arguments of hon. members and not them personally. (Bear, hear.) I he TREASURER (Bon. L. Glyde)—Before the first item is put I ought to say a few words in reply to the various speeches which have been made upon the financial statement, and I think I may, on behalf of the Government, thank hon. members for the courteous tone of the debate genciaUy. Although there may be a considerable difference of opinion with regard to the taxation proposals 1 have made, still we have no reason generally to complain of tho way in which they have been received, and if the first item is carried thiB evening, as I hope it will be, it will be my duty to give formal notice of motion for next Tuesday, when the whole will be debated in a more thorough manner. With regard to Mr. Rounseveli, I do not know that I can say that aD his remarks w ere very courteous, because the list of epithets which he showered upon my speech were not very complimentary. But I knew his bark is very much worse than his bite, and I am going to i heap coals of fire upon his bead. I tell him in all sincerity that his speech was certainly one of the best I have ever heard him make in this Bouse, although when I say it positively bristles with mistakes and blunders, it may he con sidered rather alelt-harded compliment. (Laughter.) I must say a word or two with regard to the absurd mistake he made in reference to the result of the New South Wales Convention, and I say this, not so much for the purpose of exposing the rber m i de, hut because it might blunder the hon. member i be ol consequence as affecting our relations with { cur Sydney friends. Mr. Rounseveli called attention to Appendix 11, and said that I had shown that we had lost £11,000 by the Convention, but the fact was that we had positively gained £1,000 by it. If hon. members will take the trouble to turn to that Appendix they will see that the hon. member had I not observed that in the fifth column the totals of the second, third, and fourth columne were added together, and the £11,000 was taken into considers lion when the statements were made that the net I loss was £11,000. Of course the blunder was most absurd, and I was surprised at the hon. member making it; but I do not know, after ail, that I am surprised, because 1 have long suspected that the air of sagacity which he puts on when he looks at figures is assumed to hide a real state ot foggy bewilderment; and now we have found it oat. (Laughter.) Really, for an hon. member who aspires to be Treasurer at some future date to make such an absurd blundsr in arithmetic as he has done in reference to the Convention proves liim to be aluust unfit for the position he seeks to obtain. (Mr. Rounseveli — " You are really very absurd.") Does he not see it now? (Mr. Rounseveli—"No.") Then lie certainly is nnfit for the position. (Laugh ter.) I would not have wasted time in speaking en this blunder exeept for the fact that Mr. Dibbs may observe the speech of the hon. member and think that we have been making a profit of £1,000 upon the whole term of the Convention instead of a loss of £11,000, and the matter is rather serious as the lime is drawing near when we shall have to make fresh arrangements with the Government of New South Wales. Accordingly, I have felt it to be my I duty to refer to this little matter. Speaking of the Treasurer of New South Wales, I am sorry to say thai since I i-poke last I have receive J a tele; am from b in on a subject which 1 referred to in my Budget Speech. I then said that 1 hoped that the New .South Wales Government would agree to place Customs officials at Thackaringa and the Albert gold-fields, but since then 1 have received a telegram from the Government in Sydney declining to d j that. 1 am sony for it, but there the fact remain >. There appeals to he some misun lens tending between us and the Sydney Government ou the point, and it is a very unfoitunate thing. The next remark the lion, member made was that my suggestion about j using some loan money wbicn was not wanted for tbe purposes of building the new Houses of I'arliainent and the Exhi bition Building was wicked. I would like him to tell us where the wickedness comes in 7 Two years ago, when 1 introduced a similar proposal, the second reading of the Bill to carry' it into effect passed without any opposition at alL (The Hon. J. Colton—" We did not see the wickedness then-") Do 1 understand my lion, friend to say it is wicked 7 (The Hon. J. Colton—" I say we did not see the wickedness then.") No, he does not, and he never said a word about it in his speech. 1 pointed out in my Budget Speech that we found we had about £200,090 left out of various loans for public works which were not required. The Chief Secretary has explained that to tbe satisfaction of the Hon. Mr. Colton. (The Hon. J. Colton—" No.") Not to his satisfaction. (The Hon. J. Colton—" Quite a mistake, 1 wouldrather you would have spent it.") Then mr hon. friend is not fit to be Commissioner of Public fforks—(laughter)—ii he does not understand tbe explanation of tbe Chief Secretary as perfect re carding tbe £100,000 on tbe Pichirichi line, and the balances from the Narracoorte and Tatiara and tlie Government Gums line. But the point of the joke is that my hon. friend Mr. Rounsevell, although he said it was a wicked proposal, would have con doned the wickedness if we proposed to spend the money in his own district. (Mr. Eounseveil—"X said nothing of the kind.") He said he would not have any objection if the money were spoilt in the districts in which the money was intended to be expended, and in this case the expenditure would have been at Terowie, We have all deciitod that tbe Parliament Houses shall be built, aud that there shall be an Exhibition, and any member who voted for these works knew perfectly well that tbey would have to be carried out with borrowed money. Talk about the breach of faith with the bondholders because we a-k the Parliament to spend these funds for different puroo3es than those for which they were voted! lalk" about it being wicked to propose to spend this money in a different way when the work for which the money was voted has been completed for less.mouey than was voted 1 Of course the bondholders have no complaint against the Parliament, and I would like to know where the wickedness comes in. 1 find on enquiry at the Public Works Office that in round numbers about £50,000 nut of tbe £200,000 will be required to be put into the Transfer Loan Fund for variouB railway purposes, and we propose to bring down a Bill— perhaps in the course of a day or two—asking the House to agree to allow us £o0,000 to finish off Parliament Houses and £100,000 towards furnishing the Institute, which we hare all deciled shall be made the nucleus of the Exhibition. (Hear, hear.) I challenge any hon. member either seriously or jocosely to say that there is anything wicked about these proposals. (Mr. Itounsevell—"The Institute ought to come out of revenue.") Let the hon. member take my place if he is to he the future Treasurer, and I defy him to pay for it out of the revenue. In the last Transfer Loan Bill there was no objection to this. There are amounts of £50,000 for Parliament Houses and something for the Insti tute, and of course it is simply absurd for us to expect (to be able to spend £100,000 for finishing the Institute but of the revenue. What more harm is there in proposing this than in appropriating £84,000 out of the Loan Fuud for the erection of the new Public offices 7 (Mr. Eounseveil— " One was a necessity, and the other is not.") I defy any 'Treasurer to finish the Parliament Houses or the institute out of revenue. The hon. member made another absurd blunder in talking about this very question. (The Hon. J. Colton—" I thought you were going to heap coals of fire on his head.") I did so by complimenting him upon his speech, which was one of the best be has ever made, bnt still bristling with blunders. (Laughter ) He posi tively raked up an old sore, and said that we had appropriated £110,000 of premiums into revenue. Now this was one of his great points, and he was cheered by hon. members. The future Treasurer of South Australia bad said that £140,000 was appro priated. (Mr. Eounseveil—" You know I did not say anything of the sort.") You said those exact words, and you will see them in your speech. Any hon. member who will look up tbe matter will find that the amount was only £84,000, and the future Treasurer oi South Australia said that the amount was £140,000. lion, members will remember that Mr. Cooke, who was the leader of the movement, acknowledged that at least half of the £34,000 might fairly ha appropriated, as it was in fact accumulated interest, aud when he dared to challenge us as to the other portion he was beaten by twenty-lour votes to ten, and the hon. member was one of the ten. Then the hon. member goes on about this loan and talks a lot of nonsense about the money we have lost in not floating oar loan before. He has also done what s a most improper thing for any member of this House to do, and that is he tries to depreciate tne credit of the Colony of South Australia by saying that we shall not get more than £05 for our bonds. (Mr. Eounseveil—"Isaidif you floated the loan now.") 1 say it is most improper for any member to suggest sucb a tiling. The reports oi these debates go home to England, and are read by the financial brokers there, and if tbey see such a statement by a gentle man who was Treasurer of the colony far a month it would have a prejudicial effect on our loans. (Tbe Hon. T. Plajford—" What about your game of whist?") Oh, I will forgive him for saying that I am not a good whist-player. 1 challenged the hon. member on this point, and I ain not going to say a word more about it than I choose. (Oh, and Hear, hear.) lie said that if I had sold these bonds a few months ago I could have got par for them. (Mr. Eounseveil—'■ I said 'nearly par."') I say that never in the year 1683 could we have got par for our bonds. The hon. member said that I have lost £76,000 by delaying the floating of the loau, and 1 observed a letter in the Jlejitter lately signed "Financial," the writer of which goes further. I have not the slightest idea who this gentle man is; probably he is some Bank Manager or Director, but he goes so far as to say tbat we have lost £100,000 by not selliDg our bonds earlier. He says that if we had offered them two or three months ago the A8aociated Banks would have bought them at about £101. I do not . know who "Financial" is, but 1 venture to say tbat he really does not understand what he is writing about, because, as a fact, the Associated Banks have never bought a single one of cur debentures. I was toll distinctly from London that as a matter of fact the ten Associated Banks in Victoria did not buy a single pound's worth of the last Victorian Loan, and the Associated Banks here could not do anything of the sort; it is not their business to do so. However, this gentleman, "Financial" says that by not offer ingour bonds earlier we have lost £109,000, and really the gentlemen who write to tbe papers onght to be a Utile more careful about their state ments. I may mention here, perhaps, what I heUeve lias not yet been mentioned, that I made arrangements with the Banks last week by whicb, in addition to the £509,000 worth of Treasury drafts which I mentioned a month ago, I have sold £150,000 worth more of Treasury drafts, aud the first lot were sold last week. That will tend to ease the money market, and if we bad sold our bonds we could only have sold our drafts on London, and it iB perfectly absurd for writers in the news papers to say that the tightness of the money market Is the fault of the Government. I have plenty of good reasnnB to give for my action with regard to the floating of the loin if necessary, bnt I maintain that discretion is a virtue, particularly with regard to these matters, and I will not be tempted into saying too much about it. Then the lion, member plunged into a mass of muddled figures about New Zealand, and had the folly to siy, without consideration evidently, that my estimate of what the proposed tax would realize here is entirely wrong. He said that the total value of the real and personal property in South Australia was one hun dred millions, as against my modest estimate of seventy milUons. Then he went on to say that it was a notorious fact that for the last two or three years the assessment of the real property of South Australia in Municipal Councils has been kept down, but I say it is quite the reverse. On the con trary, people have been expecting year after year that the grant-in-aid would have been swept away, and they have cheerfully paid their increased rates so as to obtaiD the greatest advantage from the grant-in aid while it lasted. (The Bon. T. Playford —" It is not so in my districtand Mr. Eounseveil —"Nor in mine.") Some of the hon. member's arithmetic is of the strangest possiule character. I am sony for it, but I must tell him as a friend tbat bis arithmetic is evidently defective. Of course it is intuitive with some people to be good arithmeticians fs a gift, like siTkar io-music, or an eyo for driving: butthe hen number 1 as not got it—figures are net his forte. (Mr. Bounsevell—"Show how they are wrong.") If I might give my hon. friend a word, of advice—I would soy let him aspire to the Treasury tenches if he likes—it is a fair and laudable ambi tion ; but I would stay at home and try to perfect my arithmetic—I would do sums continually of all sorts. (Laughter.) Then, perhaps, by-and-by after a few years some kind Premier will oner him a Com missionership, which I strongly advise him to accept, as if he ever becomes Treasurer of South Australia he will makea horrid messof his figures. (Lauckter.) Not content with making mistakes the other day, which were positively cut to pieces by Mr. Dixson, he ventured to repeat bis remarks half an hour ago about Now Zealand. I am abont the last man to depreciate the credit and resources of South Australia, in which I have lived for thirty-five yeaTS, and in which.my chudreii have been born: but I say that the hon. member hetrays absurd ignorance when he ventures to say that south Australia is richer than New Zetland. {Mr. Bounsevell — "I said nearly as rich.") Now, New Zealand had fourteen millions of Acres of land sold against our ten and a quarter millions, and our land could not ho raid to be so valuable as that of New Zetland. Then, again, taking the revenue, New Zealand has an annual income of £4,000,000 as against our £2,1CD,C00. Taking the population, the hon. member has made another absurd blunder, as he told us that the population was only 609,000. (Mr. Bounsevell— " I said in 18SL") I thought it must be more, and I Bud that the population at present is 627,000 white people and between 40,000 and 60,000 Maoris. (The Hon. J. Cotton—"Only between 30,000 and 10,000 Maoiis.") I have a telegram here which I got from New Zealand a week or two ago, and that | states that on June 30 the white population of New -Zealand was 627,091, and that tne Maoris num. btred 46,0C9 in addition. I say .it is absurd with these figures before us, and with Mr. Crombie's figures before us, which are the result of actual fact, (lot theory, to the effect that the taxable property .in New Zealand only amounts to eighty-three millions, to say that we have about 100 millions worth of taxable property in South Australia. The hon. member had entirely forgotten one particular fact in his calculation. I do not want to exaggerate, and 1 think I am well within the mark when I Bay that at least hall the real property in South Aus tralia is mortgaged. (Mr. Johnson—"I am afraid it is rather more.") Accordingly it would be a great mistake to take the actual value of a 1 the real property, and then the actual value of the loan money in the colony, and add the two together, saying that represents the amount of taxable pro perty in the colony, because, of course, the real property would "only be taxed to its net value aller deducting the valne of the mortgages. I do not know whether hon. members have taken the trouble to read a letter by Mr. Cameron which appeared in the Advertiser, fie is a well-known -Melbourne and American merchant, who under stands these things as well as we do. He happened to he here the day I made my financial speech, file was a stranger to me. fie came to see me after wards. I said—"I will be glad if you will write . a note on this subject and send it to the papers." lie did so. lie pointed out that this plan tias been in operation in America, and is working satisfactorily on all sides. The hen. member for the Hurra (Mr. Bounsevell), in winding up his speech, made a most feeble request for us to take back our estimates, and hammered away at economy— economy—rigid economy. Well, the hon. member knows perfectly well we will not take our estimates hack. We say we have cut them down as nearly as Sossible to the safe point, and when my old friend lr. ToinkiDEon said he could cut them down . to the extent of £143,0001 am sure he was speaking without much Parliamentary experience. 1 defy ' him, or my more experienced friend (Mr. Colton), to •cut them down the odd £43,000—(Mr. Bounsevell— "He says he can")—without interfering with public works or the efficiency of the public service. Ajs regards " establishments," we wont through the Estimates most carefully, and the most rigid economy has already been practised. (Mr. Johnson—" I know one amount you could aavo £40,000 on.") Which iB that? (Mr. Johnson— 'Immigration.") 1 will talk about that by-and-by. I wish to say a few words with regard to the much more important speech made by the Hon. Mr. Colton, who, with the exception of two or three words, spoke fairly enough. The insult I think he withdrew. The hon. member Baid I had insulted the House, but I think he withdrew that and substi tuted "oversight," which is not so strong a word. I am glad the lioh. Mr. Colton did not fall into the same mistake as the hon. mem ber for the Buna (Mr. Bounsevell) about the Convention, but 1 gather from him that we should do well to try to continue the arrangement with New fcouth Wales, even Although we appear to bar e lost £11,900 or £12,000:since we began. The lion, member was very strong on the question of railways, and no doubt his opinion is important and valuable, as he was a good commissioner of Public IVoiks. But it struck me he went too far alto gether when he said that by cutting down the railway estimates, and with proper management and a good season of eight bushels, we Bhould show 6 per cent. 1 thought I would ask Mr. Pickering, the Acting Accountant, -to moke a calculation as to how much we should have to earn for gross revenue provided we should show a net return of 6 per cent. Wc acknowledge that tbe hon. member is right in one remark—that a long railway could be worked cheaper in proportion ;tbaii a short one; but the hen. member will be surprised to hoar that in order to ensure 6 per cent, on seven millions now invested in the 1,000 miles we have—(1 am speaking in round numbers)—we should have to earn three quarters of a million instead of £533,000 which we put down. Tbe expenses at this moment are about £338,000. Of course tbe expenses would not increaso in tbe proportion, but Mr. Pickering points out tbat taking tbo expenses of earning a revenue of £750,OCO at £400,OC0, which, or course, is not more in proportion than the £338,000, you have a net revenue of £350,030, which would be 5 per cent, on the revenue. Io is impossible for us to expect £760,000 this year or next year; and it is premature to talk about earning 5 per cent, net on our railways at the present time. Then he found fault with us for underestimating our revenue, and said 1 was not quite justified in takiug the figures of our officers. I said in my Budget speech that I had . done so, and I venture to say that had I not done so the hon. member for tbe Bursa and the hon. mem ber for Noarlunga would have said that I put tbe . figures up or down to suit my purposes. I need not refer to tne remark about the Land Fund, as tbe Chief Secretary has answered that. 1 would ouly add to what the Chief Secretary has said that tbe happy days are gone when tbe Treasurer can just . slap down another £100,000 from the Land Fund. That was all very well in the hon. member's time. 1 am not sure it was not in my time when I was in office before — (laughter) — but I feel confident nothing can happen which wiU make us have £SC0,000 instead of the £200,000 to which I alluded in my Budget speech. What I said was that tbis £200,000 was rather a doubtful item, and 1 called Mr. Jones's attention to it. Mr. Jones pointed out tbat if everybody met their contracts we would get more; but, by the new state of the law, no one need pay up, but may go on for years paying interest at 4, or, at tbe utmost, 6 per cent, and hon. members know for tbe next few months—probably for tbe remainder of the financial year money will he worth more than 4 or 5 per cent Those men who can wait will wait, and I am rather doubtful whether wc will receive the £200,00j. So, ns to the hon. member trying to make things plea sant by putting in another £100,000 out of the Land Fund, it is quite out of tbe question. With regard to railways, it is possible we may make £10,000 or £15,000 more than the amount stated; bnt Mr. Pendleton was correct in not over-estimating his revenue. If he has erred it is in the right. With regard to Customs, the hon. member with a wave -ol his (hand said, "It is £10,000 underestimated," without giving the shadow of a reason. (The Hon. •3. Colton—" ldid, I went further.") I said in my Budget Speech that during these six months 1 did not expect to earn half of the £676,000 estimated. (The lion. J. Colton—" What was last week? £20,000.") I thought the hon. member was too old a hand to make any thing out of a single week tike I that. I will tell him tbat during tbe last six weeks —up to laBt Saturday—we have earned nearly £12,000 a week, which is not at the rate oi £675,000 a year. (Mr. Johnson—" You will earn loss before tbe cud of tbe year."). Yes, I say here I do not suppose Customs between this and Christmas will realize more than £300,000, and if we get £375,000 from the first six months of next year we wilt do -well. The hon. member went from large things to small; and with regard to waterworks I got a memo., which I will read :— "Adelaide, £65,000.—The new mains being laid this year have greatly fallen off in consequence of tbe collapse of the land speculation which ;an very high last year, when several large extensions of mains were laid, causing the revenue from rates to rapidly increase. This increase will not be main tained tbis year. Free watertroughs to publir liouscs will cause loss both in tbe cost of the cxtia cervices and the leas quantity of water paid for. The reverse for lest half- year {January to June, ISt3) was £28,002, which included £1,000 extra for MegilL Buraside, Glen Osmond, and Mitcham, <!•./. nnnttoM1 OMAItufa hoinnr mllafitiul In loaf tVASi five quarters' accounts being collected in last year in consequence of an endeavour to collect everything up.ascloselyas possible. Whenmakingnpthe estimate we liad not these figures to guide us, but now taking them as a basis the revenue may be expected to reach £68,000. Gawler, £2,200.—Bates reduced from 12} per cent to 10 per cent, on assessment; 10 per cent, will cover working expenses and interest on coBt of works at 6 per cent. Port AuguBta, £1,800.— The revenue for 1881-2 was £2,971, last year £1,633; deficiency consequent on reduction in price of water from 10s. to 6s, per 1,000 gallons. Port Pirie, £1,000.—The revenue for 1881*2 was £1,172, last year £867; deficiency consequent on reduction in price of water from 10s. to 6s. per 1,000 gallons" That explains the whole thing. If hon. members will press on the Government reductions as they are doing it is impassible for the revenue to increase. The hon. member was rather severe on me in refe rence to my estimate from probate and succession duties. I have taken some paine to satisfy him, and he got a memorandum from Mr. Bussell on the sub ject, based on an. average of years. You never can tell exactly what the amount may be, but the average during the last three years has been about £14,000. (The Hon. J. Colton—"I know that.") Then I wonder the hon. member raised the objec tion. Since the Act was passed exempting estates of less than £1,000, 681 estates out of 823 have been exempted, and only 239 estates have had to pay. The average amount received has been about £16,660 per annum, and Mr. Bussell says he put £16,000 as the outside that we may expect to i eceive. I was clad of one remark that the Hon. John Colton made, and that was where he Baid he thought it was mistaken benevolence to get up that Immigrants' Aid Society. Wo ell know that the hon. member is a very charitable and liberal man, and these remarks from him will have weight. I think myself the mistaken idea which has led to the formation of that Society will do more harm than good, as it will get into the papers at home, and will do far more narm than the good which has been done in relieving a merely temporary inconvenience. The hon. member for Noarlunga, however, fired away at the Government taxation scheme, and Baid it was iniquitous and vexations. Why iniquitous? I dare say the hon. member will have to pay ten or twenty times as much as I shall, but only because he is ten or twenty times as rrch. Where is the iniquity ? In fact, I only wish I had half bis com plaint. (Laughter.) It is perfect nonsense to say that the Government BClreme is iniquitous. The hon. member is much more guarded than the hon. member for the Burra. He says it will yield £220,060 instead of £160,000. I shall be glad to see how be gets at the amount. I think my figures are the tree ones, but we shall be able to see next week, when the matter is discussed a little further. With regard to the "inquisitorial" nature of the tax there is evidently some misunderstanding. To talk about it being as inquisitorial as an income tax is absurd. I had a little experience of the income tax before I left England many years ago, and I re member having to go before an old gentleman who was very courteous, but who cross-examined me in an unpleasant way. I shall shrink from such a tax in South Australia. Under the tax we propose no man in the colony will know what another is worth. All public Companies will Bend in their returns and pay the tax on their paid-up capiial, and the individual colonist in his returns will not need to mention his shares at all. So that no one— not even the Government officials—'will know what ho is worth. (The Hon. J. Colton—"It will be more inquisitorial than an income tax.") I must have failed to make myself understood, or else the hon. member would not say that. However we can go into it more fully next week. The point has been raised that the tax will have the effect of frightening foreign capital from our shores. On this point Major Atkinson, in his Budget Speech in 1881, said—" When the property tax was first imposed, a strong fear, per haps not unnaturally, was expressed by many persons that one of the effects of the tax would be to drive away foreign capital seeking investment in thiB colony. I have consulted gentlemen from all parts cf the colony who are authorities upon this subject, and I have not found one who entertains the opinion that the property tax has any appreci able effect upon the now of capital to the colony, and as a matter of fact during few periods of our history has more foreign capital come into the country and found investments than during the last year at an equally low rate." Anybody who knows about financial matters knows well that money is cheaper in New Zealand now than in South Australia. ItliankMr. Mattinson for saying that from a working man's point of view he would support the motion. I believe the more the poorer classes look into the matter the more they will see that the proposal of the Government is the very wisest course to support. Mr. Coles made a very had shot when be mentioned Mr. Martin's foundry at Gawler. The fact is, my friend Mr. James Martin wrote me, quite unsolicited, to say he had read my. speech, and that it was a first-rate scheme. (Laughter.) I was glad to hoar my colleague, Mr. Wbinham, make his maiden speech, but am sorry he opposed the Government. He took up the usual new member's pirable, and ta'ked of the extravagance cf the Government, just as I did when I first entered Parliament a long time ago. But when the hon. member has been in a Government he will know that it iB impossible to prevent a little extravagance some times. If lie says no taxation is necessary I differ from him entirely, und think there will be only two or three members who will agiee with him. The hon. member Mr. Landscer found fault, because our revenue, except the hand Fund, came up to the estimate, though we had a bad season. That is a matter for congratulation; at any rate it shows the Estimates were nearly correct, and were not badly prepared, as be suggests. The cry with him was "Bctrencb, retrench, retrench!" But as one of the Government of South Australia, I say that if the question ho between retrenchment and taxation, it is far better to have taxation. (Hear, hear.) It is belter in every way. It would he a great mistake to stop public works, to stop borrowing, to stop im migration ; and we must do this or else have more taxation to make both ends meet. Economy is all very weii in its way; but we must not injure the H colony even by economy. I see what is looming in the distance as regards my lion, friend. Bo knows perfectly well that he has not the ghost of a chance of carrying a land tax pure and simple and an income tax. (The Hon. J. Colton —"Oh.") Not a ghost of a chance. (The Hon. J. Colton—"You have not looked around.") His intention was to confuse the matter, so that the question of taxation may be postponed until next session. I ask hon. members to look at the gravity of the position. I say it is not safe to postpone taxation longer. The figures which I have given are honest and faithful; and as to the remarks of Mr. Landseer, who said if we were to let things alone, although I showed a deficit of a quarter of a million, that at the end of the year I would come out with a credit balance, all I will say is that he must have spoken without considering the subject at all. No Treasurer would be fit for bis position, no Government would be fit to sit on these seats if they did not propose, to the best of their ability, a scheme of taxation to meet the demands ol the present position. I move the first item. The Hon. J. COLTON would not have arisen except for the remark of the Chief Secretary. In reference to the question of taxation, they would have an opportunity of testing that matter later on when the resolutions were brought in, and he thought then he would have just about as good a chance of carrying his scheme as the Treasurer had. (The Chief Secretary—"No.") Ho was sure bo had a better chance of getting it adopted than the Treasurer had of having his pro gisals agreed to while in their present form. e wished to refer to the remark made by the Chief Secretary with regard to the Terowie and Fichirichi Bailwav. Certainly when be gave the amount of the cost he thought it was something over £460,093. Be was not aware it was so much as the Treasurer had stated ; hut when the Chiof Secretary said that £46,000 was saved on the Estimates by reductions he thought he was in error. Before he left office he remembered ordering 25,000 tons of Tails, and the Estimates were not made when these rails were ordered. However, he would take another opportunity of testing this matter, for he was sure the Chief Secretary only gave the information be lieving it to be correct. He might say he thought the Treasurer and the Government were perfectly right, soring that work such as Parliamentary Buildings, the Institute, and Exhibition Buildings would be permanent. He thought it was the best course to adopt to make the saving on these works. (Hear, hear.) The first item on the Estimates was then passed. The House resumed, and leave was given the Committee to sit again on Thursday. _ PAPEB. The TREASURER (Hon. L. Clyde) laid on the table— Statements of the Beceipts and Disbursements of South Australia for the quarter ended June 39,18S3. ADJOURNMENT. At ten minutes past 10 o'clock the House ad journed till the following day at 2 o'clock. 