;: .', '..,„., ..IMio #Biaf ?.'..; i ?. ? SPORTING NOTES ? [By MERLrir.] - . ' ?The 'Committee of the Tasmanian [Turf 'Olub are busily engaged making preparations to ensure the suceetB. of tlie coming' meeting. ' At the com-' mittoe meeting the other day the 'fol-'-i lowing officials wore ? appointed :— Judge, ' Mr, Charles Parker : starter. Mr. Geo. Ritchie ;? clerk of scales, Mr. E. Whit f eld ; clerk of the course, Mr.' W. H. . Harris ; stewards, Messrs. Charles Yonl, H. Pv. Falkiner, R. O'Connor, W. G. Grubby ,H.. W. Douglas, C. B. Ralston, J. B. Ourran, and J. A. Ferguson, with the judge, starter, and hon. secretary ex qfHciq. Mr. Hamilton,' whomnkes a most energetic secretary, has written to Mr. Commissioner Shaw with reference to question ? of holidays for miners, and ' has rooeived a reply from that gentlemen to the effect that 'attendance at the races may be reason ably held as sufficient excuse for the non-performance of the prescribed work upon claims held under miners' rights.' The Committee purpose sending compli mentary tickets to all officers of her Majesty's ships at Hobarfc, and to allow tne sailors on tne ground tree. The sale of booths .will talce place to-day at Mr. W. T. Bell's mart. 1 Owners are reminded that on Thursday next their acceptanCBS for the Launceston Cup and Steeple have to bo made, and also entries for the minor events. Par ticulars will be found in another column. : On Thursday next also general entries have to be made for the Taamanian Racing Club Summer Meeting. The list' of * events will be found in our' advertising sohimns. As for the T.T.C: Meeting a large number of entries ought. to be received for the various stakes, while entries will be received at Launceston by Mr. James Hamilton, the hon. sec. of tha T.R.C. . i The Committee of the T.T.C. have, I understand, declined to reduce tho steeple jumps to 4ft., and the hurdles to 3ft. Gin. The course is in excellent order, thanks, to a vigilant supervision. The weights for tho Launceston Cup and Steeple are due to-day, and will pro bably be posted at the Criterion Hotel this afternoon. James Kearney, at Campbell Town,. ; has Gold Coast and the hurdle-racer, Newmarket in training, and both are: doing well. Jimmy also has a colt by Horatio, which he is schooling for the - cross-country business. . Oervus and First Light are now in H. Viney's stable, and both will figure at-,. Launceston. ; ' , ? ' l.am Borry to hear that :BritiBh Work man, whose .accident I alluded to some time ago, is not yet able to get put of his. box, and that there is a probability that. he will lose one of his hoofs. . I. hear that the Squire, who figured very respectably in the Oarriok Plate ?when far from cherry ripe, has improvod a good deal since that meeting, and con tinues to do well. It is 'probable, I understand, that the fashionable Vic torian light-weight Oracknell will don the white and blue of the hope of Bishops uourne. If the horse is fit on the day, and is fairly handicapped, the Strop colours will be by no moans on a forlorn hope. . - The adjourned meeting of the V.R.O. was held at Melbourne on Jan. 25, for the further consideration of the revised rules of raoing. Mr. Goyder moved an amendment making the minimum and maximum weights in steeplechases 9st 71b and-12sc 71b respectively. Eventually it was deoided to fix the lowest weight in liurdlo races at 9at, and in steeplechases at 9st 71b. An amendment on rule ? 20 provides that the V.R.O. committee shall be a court of appeal from country clubs on a deposit of £20. The code of rules, as amended, were passed, and ordered to , be printed.; According to the new rules, Gst 71b in future will the lowest weight' to be carried in any handicap race. .. Stockwell, -who certainly ha3 ; received , every ounce -that he was. entitled to in the Australian 0 up, , has fared no better in the Sydney Cup, as he is weighted 8st. 41b.,, or one pound more. . ? . , '?',.-? Tome Hales, one of the ablest, best trusted, and, most liked, joqkeys through out the breadth of Australia, says the Snorisman, is about to try his luck in the old country, Mr. Wm, Long, formerly owner of , Grand Flaneur and , other , celebrities, having requested .him to act,, as first jockey for. the racing; stud he , is now establishing in England. , , ? ? . The pen has been early at work in/the just issued 3STewmarket; Handicap^, .for,' Bjlr. Dakin has soratched Baron, von. . Mueller. ? .i;. ? , -,..? ': ?? On Tuesday at Sydney, Mr. Clibborn aold Mr. Wentworth's horses, the follow ing being the prices and buyers- :~Band master, 320 guineas; W. Gannon ; Drum mer, 410 guineas, A. F. Smart; Sardonyx, 320 guineas, A. Town; Vauoluse, COQ: g'uineaB, bought in ; Dorothy, 65 guineas,-. A. E. Cornwall ; Woollahra, 100 guineas, A. Benson ; Figaro, 75 guineas, G. Dona hoe ; Privateer, 205 guineas, A. F. Smart; Stella, 75 guineas, W. .Kelso ; Elastic, 130 guineas, G. Hill, jun. ; Gertrude, 2 yrs., 70 guineas', G. Donahoe. ,.,i i The following mares, imported by ' Mr.' Andrew Town, of Hobartvule, Riohmond; N.S.W., arrived per the ship Cairnbulg, the. other . day at. Sydney : — Rosamond. (imp.), mare, by Rosicruorian from Fair Melrose, by Newminster ''' from Fair Helen, by Pantaloon ; Gondola (imp.), by Paul Jbnea from Matchless, by Stock well out of Nonpareil, by Kingston from England's Beauty; by Irish Birdcatcher ; P,aul' Jones, by Buccaneer from Queen of the Gipsies, by Ohantioleer. This mare was. covered in 1882 by Pellegrino, . full brother to Pilgrimage. ?..?.- ' .Segenhoe is recovering from the strain he received when running for. the : Cham pion Stakes on New Year's Day, but he will remain at Flemington as a mate for' Middlemarch until the pair are called1 upon to play a part at the 'T.K, C. Autumn Meeting. . ' ? ...A Sydney telegram mentions the death of the imported stallion Wilberforce, the property', of Mr.- Richard Rouse, and ? valued at two thousand guineas. ' 'Wilber- force was a ohestriut horse bred in . Eng land in- 1868; got by Oxford (son of. Birdcatcher) — Corsica by Newminster, Pauline by the Emperor, Bettina by ; ? Sultan,1 and was imported to New South Wales in 1878. The only one of his pro geny who has come prominently under the notice of the public is Blue and White, owned by Mr. Fennelly; arid who won the two-year-old race at the Sydney. Tattersall's Meeting on Boxing Dajy but lie'..-' has'-, left -seveial - other promising, youngsters, behind. . ? . ';' ?' ? *? VvIt; is stated in a New Zealand. paper that a bookmaker laid £200 ,to eighteen-: pence. -that Yortex would' not win 'the , Auckland' Cup when the ?.horses r were racihgj and which race, it 'is hardly necesaary to 'stateriwas, won by Welcome ';???? Jack; So .that .the' plucky bookmaker .'? won his wager. ( ,? /;..'!.' ',..?' - ?'.'???? -Taamania Has- cbrtairily no:re_ason'tb complain of the manner in' which- her solitary representative;- Sheet' Anchor, ; haa been treated in the Australian Cup,', for the 'horse ' is -' up ' to his neck in , it,' and if ' he ._ does not run a great race on therday if'woll 1 am much mistaken! I don't think the colony ever had such a show. Sheet Anchor certainly seems to hold Stockwell as safe as a house. From a cursory glance I like Ooriolanus and Ores-, wi6k, who do not appear to be badly treated. The ? Sportsman selects ' the ?following seven for the placed horses;. — Sardonyx, Willeroo, Prometheus, ' Britisher, Roy's Wife, Sheet Anchor,' and King of the Vale. It will thus be 'seen that Sheet Anchor is held in some esteem, as he ought to be. For the Newmarket Handicap Meander is also \- well in and should have a good show, but picking the winner of this race is almost like looking for the proverbial heedla among the bundle of hay. Thepapef previously referred to gives the following: — Ghost, Morpethj Josephine, Trevelyan, . i -Squireen, Bagot, Eriothoneous, and -Mai-'1 mateon. ? 'J '?'?'? '-?. .-', ''.,'''''.'. J'\ ,'. ;J '??'.-. .. At the Victorian Trotting ; Club meet ing on Saturday abmepleasant sport was' afforded. The authorities now mix their programme, and find it to their ad vantage, as the Australians do not care about trotting alone. The Maiden Trot of two miles was won by Mr. W. H; Dunatan's Australia, who did ? the dis tance in 6m. Is. The purse of 30 bovb., mile heats, was won by Mr. R. Foster's g g Teviot, who won eas'ly in2m. 45As.and 2m. 50^s. The remaining events were there flat races and a hurdle race. The Soiling Race, £50, was won by Queen Elizabeth after a fine finish with Pirate and Hunter. Queen Elizabeth is by King o£ the Ring, out of Mary Gladstone1 by Yattendon, out of the Tasmanian mare Ellen Tree, the dam of that good racehorse Poet. , The Two-Year-Old Handicap was won by Mr. L. L. Smith's Amelia, Victoria by Talk o' the Hill Princess of Prussia, who carried 8st, : and O'Brien just got the filly home a neck in , front of Trou Trou Cat 101b. Ths y.T.O. Handicap of 40 aovs. was won easily by Mr. W. Langley's Stationer, 4yrs.,: by Fireworks out of Paper, 7at, while the Hurdle Race of 50 soys., 1|^ miles, , was, won easily by Mr. ' A. ?¥. ; SullivanV Songster by Glorious, 10st4lb. i; ',',' .'. ','.'., : . ? ? ^ ? ? r ... ' i - : .' ? 