TEE IRISH. > {Indo-European Correspondence.) THELB is a phenomenon in connection with Irish history whioh is truly astonishing, and may at first Bight appear unaccountable ; it is the survivanceof what is called the Irishrace. . * : . • • For more three Centprtei therb has been* Scfudia |hal unhappy between ttie Saxofe aj>d the Cilt, which, fcesides tti& animosity of v^'jma'J^iar bittered alao by religious fsiatidsm, and kept op by the tfwilry bf mateirisi interests.- l?or three centuries it has seemed tb be the policy of the English to eradicate tbe Irish, and tb thrust them, root and branches, into or across ihe pttdajn. ' YearWter 'ymx, th6 war of exterminittion raged, and raged with noh fory that it made those very hands shrink that had kindled it. Elisabeth, we know, was of so unrelenting nature, yet suoh was the barbarity of her agents in Ireland that she was heard to exclaim " that she had found she had sent wolves, not shepherds, to govern Ireland, for they had left nothing but ashes and carcasses for ber to reign over." At the time of the Desmonds Bebullion, so stern was the repression, and so unsparing the retribution, that the poet Spencer draws the following appalling picture: "Oat of every corner of the woods and glyuus, they (the Irish) -come creeping forth on tbeir hands; for their legs could not bear them; they spoke like ghosts crying out of tbeir graves ; they did eat dead carrions, happy were they that could find them. In a short space there was none almost left, and a mostpopulousandplentifulcountry was suddenly void of man and beast." Instead of showing pity, E'iztbeth cut off from the Irish the.only meansof rising from th«ic rata by oonfiioatiog their lands. She then parcelled them ont among her greedy favourites, on condition that they would colonise them with Englith tenants. James continued the work of fire and blood, an J if tBe " wild Irish " enjoyed a breathing interval at the beginning of the civil war, the Roundheads of Cromwell soon made up for the respite. Supposing even tbe accounts that represent them wading with their horses breastdeep through streams of Catholic blood be exaggerated, they still lead to suppose carnage enough to make tbe survivors comparatively few ; and yet Paddy survived I The cruel policy of the sanctimonious Protector was continued under tbe Stuarts; it was continued under William and the Georges. Cromwell had relegated the poor down-trodden Celts into tbe wilds of Connaugbt; it was tbe constant endeavour of the rulers of the land after bim to prevent them from rising, and by foreign colonisation, or by native apostacy, to un-lrish Ireland; and yet Ireland remained Irish I When direct persecution was stopped by the Emancipation Act, famine took the place of fire and sword, and the work of depopulation continued. We may safely assume that the strata of emigration told most heavily on the native Irish and Catholic element; yet, after years of emigration, the census of 1883 shows that the Oatholios have maintained their proportion to the whole population, or, if any change took place, it was in tbeir favour. This strange fsot has become the more striking, these last few years, by the downfall of the Irish Church, whioh was given up by England in despair, and by tbe breakdown of the Irish Missions, whose exposure we have but lately heard of. Ireland ia as Catholic as she ever was since Elizabeth, and if anything she >s more intensely Irish. Religious animosity may have softened down; but natural aspirations have buoyed up, and national antagonism has been intensified. It is no longer tbe " Papists" alone that club together against the English ascendanoy: it is every one; and the trouble given by the Land Leaguers to the sister isle is nonnthe less trying because their head, Mr. Parnell, is a Protestant. 