Mr Harris,- M.P., • has obligingly forwarded us the following letter from the Department of Mines and Water Supply for: publication-:—" Sir,—I beg to inform -you that in compliance with,;your request, the : necessary ::steps :liave .,been. ị talieil- ,io appoint Toombon as a polling place for the Donnelly's -Creek division ot the Gippsland: minrng-, district^:, 'dne." notification of which will -appear m the Government Gazette,—Yours; &c.;, C. W. 'Laxgteke. Messrs G. H. Wise and B. Hagan have lodged with the: returning- officer their nominations as candidates for seats in the Sale borough council for the south and, north wards respectively. The numerical strength of the police force, stationed in VSale, has received an addition, : Cohstable Walkmgshaw having been sent herefrom the,,dejjot. Information was yesterday received by the police at Sale of :what - iB suspected to 'be an attempted ease of abortion at Tarraville. On Thursday night a woman, Whose name we forbear to make public till fiirther particulars are known, gave birth .to .- a'still-born child, which was nearly fully developed. - . A medical man was hot pre sent at the birth- :bf . the .;chUd,: but": Drl Pearless was in attendance immediately ^ afterwards, and found that the roof of the child's skull was entirely torn away, the injury being to all appearance the result of ah attempt to procure abortion.,, It is. understood, however, that .the - only" evidence. pointing to this conclusion is the mutilated condition of the child, whose body has been taken charge of by Constable Noo'nah. Mr A: W. Howitt, tlie diatrictcorciner.waicommucicated: with, and will hold an inquest on .the;, child' on In addition to tho various candidates for municipal honours mentioned in our last issue, Mr J. V. Daniel, Wolverton, announces himself as .-a candidate. for a seat in the Maffra shire council-for the eas_t, riding,, and Messrs G. A. .Carpenter aiid John Williams - for the west' riding. Messrs W. H. C. Thomson and "C. F.- ' Scheer.' offer themselves for re-election to the Avon .shire council'for the south and east ridings respectively. Aspirants for.the•• position of councillor must remember that Monday next is the last day for receiving nominations for the •vacancies in tlie Sale borough council, and Avon, Rosedalej ,and Traralgon Shire: Councils, and that Eominations must reacli the returning officers before 4'p.bi. on that day. For the Maffra shire council vacancies nominations ivill be received till 4 p. m. bn Tuesday next. •^^^e-jollpwihgr.are She ;iio"minanqns', ; fo^ thefortkepmi^ Shire:;Gouncil:;^North v ®,idi^^ S. W. Brooke and Jesse Hasthorpe.. 33ast :Riding.—Messrs W. Scarlett andW. S. Stewart. West -Riding:—Messrs R. Robinson' and John Rollo. West Riding (extraordinazy vacancy).—Messrs v).:T. Hanh and J. D. Murray. -For the office of auditor Mr T. S. Savige -was returned , unopposed Acceptances for the Handicap Hurdle Race, Winter Handicap, and - Wattle Steeplechase accompanied by the amount of the sweeps, must be made to the secretary of the Sale Turf Club, at the Royal Exchange Hotelnot later than 4 p.m. -to-, day. This being the day of general, entry, owners and trainers must remember that, •entries for the. Selling Hurdle Race and Selling Stakes must also be made before 4 p. m., as no entries wdl be received after that time In connection with the pigeon shooting matches to: be held on Wednesday next, m Mr Swan's paddock near the Turf Hotel, we have, been requested. to call attention to the fact that entries for the Handicap match must be m the hands of the secretary-of the Gippsland Gun Club, by noun on Monday. The handicaps will be announced on the following day. Forth© Champio'n Stakes entries will' be received up to 11 o'clock on the mormng of; the match , A general, meeting.^of members of the iSale Football Club will be held at the Criterion Hotel this evening at half past seven, to make .arrangements for playing return matches with the Rosedale and Bairnsdale: clubs, and to transact other . Unless the long continued period of dry : weather . which we are now experiencing comes to an, end, and is succeeded by a heavy rainfall, the success of the annual ploughing match to be -held the i7tli: August is likely to be seriously -affected. The locale of the match is Mr Craig's'farm at Nuntm, than which, under ordinary circumstances, a more suitable - site could not:be selected,, hut we are -informed that the ground is at .present so hard in consequence of the want o£ moisture as to a .render a reallyiskilfulaexhxbition of plough-; ' mg almost impossible Nothing would Jiowever. be gamediby-iOhanging- theBcenei of . operations,-as all the land m the localiiy js;mia,,smnlar,.conditioa. ,; to.:a:jnore;« fae^eei-i.sThei-questionioMteripgjthfii^te, has been debated, "but it has been decided to adhere -to that announced At the Sale Police Court yesterday before JVtr John Little, JP„, Peter; Martin of Prowdence Ponds was charged. , mth havmg threatejned'the life.of Johannaj Taylor The complainant swore m the; information laid by her that Martin, threatened to ,shoot's her .op; the 13th anst;, and followed her with a loaded gun on full: cock in ihis hand, her, and that on the 22nd inst, he agaihi threatened to shoot her,* having >a gun In his hand at the time. As the accused hid: only been arieBted on the previous,day, he was, -on the application of. Sergeant: Irwin, remanded till Tuesday next, bail being allowed an the accused's own surety of £50 He was also bound over in a e similar amount to keep the peace till Tuesday Constable "Walsh, who arrested y. the accused, said lie knew )ntn,well andgave him an excellent character. The tender of W. Jones has been ac cepted Ay ihe Railway Department for the crectiourof'15 gatekeepers'cottages on the TraralgonandHeyfieldime * 'The amount of .ihe-.tencler.p8 ^Jp^js -ASarresponderit jnfiOeSx—5Phe Albertoni shire Seouncil ate ' s evjden% meeting -trouble half ' jn anticipation of losing -a position ol the tein ory o£ =1316 East ^EJadiMjJjy annexation to fhe JElppeolale shirfefas they ire having a petition to f ire i main^m t the Alberton phire presented to each ^najepayer Axeqaeatog their -signa, ture, iltljough jio jictification fba a ^et: appeared la the ^'fipvenii&enf; -Gazette of an petition having ^beett -received for 'ncinitv i m i} piove '"jjenn'v 'nise and pound fonli h \ A telegram from. Walhalla states that . tha eighteenth anniversaryof tlie Walhalla' . at -Kellelier'a Hotel-on Wednesday-mglit, and was : highly;^^ ^Successful,: .the';, attendan . being much- larger thani .was'-anticipated; Mr P. W: Gilsenan, ihe president of the aasociation, occupied the .chaii'^ aiid at his I'r^uest the Slibn. .'secre&y;'pl-me--associ^S tion, Mr Martin .Carkeek, proved the :finaucial position of the association to .be equal in prospenty to that.of any other m.. the colony. The banquet was followed by a ball, which was crosyded. ' There is likely to.be a rise m the value of maize in the markets of - the ,world, m ^n^ne^'dtl^'-^o^^l^'^g the manufacture of glucose m tho United States. A London daily paper 'siiys "The exportation of maize /from the Urn-; ted States will receive, a Bevere check now that a commencement has been made with; the manufacture o£ g].ucoBe^ugar : for,, unless many more acres of-Indian corn are J.ibe'.-jitoa'- 'jnaia^itp'; spare. 'iA 'faetoty'is^iiearly^^!'com:plete3 > ih Chicago"which'wdl consume about 12,000 bushels of.5haize daily, r :and ; proauce.abbut,j 30,000 tons of sugar yearly.. Maple sugar, and sorglium,-are unequal to the demand, but besides mere sugar there is the manufacture of alcohol, a liquid winch enters into so m'any:of "the.-aits'' of'the; present day; and which in the; -United States can be produced as cheaply from maize as from any - otliej-" s'tarch- cpntaining.'-.i^ In the far west maize-has been a drug for years, : 'so much so';that 'it was' actuallycheaper to burn it for fuel than, to'.-buy, woodvor coal.; but is -only the forerunner; of-others^; there- to smaller chance of cheap maize coming to this countiy."' <••.; ^. tQ'g Aitea-meeting: in * connection iwith the. Church of England, Longford, will" be held there on Tuesday evening. At the conclusion of the 'tea-meeting there will be an exhibition, of magic lantern , views At. the annual show of the Victorian Poultry and. Dog Society on Thursday,, several prizes in the'.'pbultry class were' carried off by local.-exhibitors, Mr Win. Wood as|usualAMngrvery- J successful;. Ttieifoliowihg prizes - ? were^awarded^'to him Brahma Pootras, Dark Pencilled, 3rd prize ; do, under-twelve .months' bid,'2nd and 3rd prizesdo, light, 3rd prize ; do, under twelve month's old, 1st and 3rd prizes;;« Cochins,; grouse;.and_ partridge, under twelve months' old,'. i2nd prize. 5 Mr S. Skeels was also successful in-gaining a couple of prizes, he carrying off the third - prize in the Cochin, grouse and partridge, '.' class, and firstprizefor^qloured Dorkings.: Mr Joseph Holmes, a . former resident of; Hey field,' had a very narrow escape about a fortnight ago, from receiving, serious injuries,; if not from .bein^crushed. to piecesr He was in the employ of .Jjfi;' J. Bonham,saw-riiillownerand contractor^ Richmond, and on the :11th inst, was engaged in repairing the machinery. This was unexpectedly-set iumotion, and Holmes' clothes caught on the shaft, and he; was -. hurled round and round at tremendous speed. Fortunately,;': jliis clothes gavl way;'and he fMtothe'grbuhd' : without having sustained any more serious iniuries tlian a ssvere' shock ahd lome bruise's.ahd scratches. . His friends will.be pleased to. hear that he is now;able.;- to be about, ahd'is rapidly regaining strength. The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the United Australian- -Mutual Fire . Insurance Companj'jLimited.-ii'aaheldon Tuesday, at the ; head office; 20 Collinsstreet East. The chairman of directors (the Hon. Dr Hearii, M.L.C.),. who presided, said that again lie had great pleasure in congratulating the members upon the.., satisfactory-.; nature ,-of the - /busines ^pnVjsince'ihe' liSt anhual^mMting'thth^ : 30tU of January: 1 - The .revenue for the" sir months «ceeded;t'lie amount of business done during "the previous half-year,, aiid the losses were under the usual aver- The chairman, specially impressed upon .the' shareholders the' necessity of exercising all their influence with their. friends in - introducing business- to, the '^iopah^^^^in^BC^ing .:thexe'ceipts,. ; The ;Board have to thank the locai. comniittees'"thi'<3ughbut the; coldhy; for their • kind'asstsi'ance. ' A'special yoteVof thaiiks;- was. accorded to the manager (Mr Webster). for his energetic.; management, : and also the'iieual votes of thanks were passed to the chairman, directors, and. officers, afte which the meeting closed. Mr W. G. Bull -is the agent .at Sale-for this -company On their-return to Sale next week*: the Marian Willis . Dramatic Company will very generously devote one evening to playing for the benefit of the Sale Football Club This is announced-to take place m- the Victoria Hfll on Friday evening next, and the arrangements are such , as must give satisfaction to all. The .first portion, of -the-.entertainment - will' consist- of 'a miscellaneous concert .-by favourite local: amateurs, and this will be followed by the productiob of Miss Braddon's sensational drama "Lady Audley's Secret" by the Marian Wilhs Company, who deserve high commendation for the liberality they, have 1 displayed,- which will always ensure; them - a good reception from a Sale audience^ Should the Footall Club realise' a sufficient sum by tlje benefit, they ,con- : template expending the money in improving ;the-cricket ground, by cutting the hedge, &c; Augur" makes the following comments in the Ausiralasian in reference to the forthcoming,race meeting:—On Thursday next the pretty little iiuwn of Sale will be the attraction.to sporting men,, and. as the trip is now a very popular one, 1 expect to see a goodly numbers of the metropohtatt division pay a visit to Gippsland. Mr Vowles was entrusted with the task -or apportiomngthe weights,-.and though there was. the- usual amount of grumbling, he has succeeded fairly ,well. With-so moderate a lot in the Hurdle Race he was ; compelled to ,place Tnplet at the head, andBelle Brandon's running on Saturday, necessitated IGst lOlb being-placed upon her back Howevei, Avalanche is the best treated Snimal in the race, and should she start she ought to win, Miller, perhaps, being her.most-dangerous opponent. Tho Ghost ran like a first-classhorse with Set 121b, and even with 10st 21b he would have a chance if lis ojiner cared to start him How this son of^Tregeagle haslm jproved-l'-'-All that wasrequired.wastitae,- and this also iBnetsessary to wature-the descendants-of Tubal Cam, who likewise; ; belonged to the Tregeagle faimly and though one-of the -number,: Ooriolanus,' may not prove BuccesBful upon; llus occasion,-^fully expect to iaee him do a is'* not ^adlyj3nj^lit^£he.Biost leniently used are -TantaBsei and Forlorn, and one of thisitno be a: small''fieU-.-'for-Athe-'Ste^le'chas looka'apretty: :good- 4hing.for. Trumpeter 5 & Speculator, p^x. ~ ^ - : We learn "that the Colonial Mutual Fire Insurance ^Oompan^ Limited has resolved .to commfenffcthe!'|3^smess-;'M'Mceident,"in7. ^urance-,mnk-3nd.fenmi^rjof5Bmployers. under; "the «-Empl-cij'eis' : ,liWvility -A^ts, vrhich ar now ibefore' theiGolonial Legislatures; being practically transcnpls of the act o£ that name passed^lately in England A considerableaQioullt.oiifletaiS-information -on the latter subject was 'collected by'the managm s:diT£ctor:of4bie, company, Jaques Maitm, during his Tecenl visit to Europe Tise'&liowirig; may •operate Sis a caution to some of oui readeis —A resident if Ballarat aniious io'addcbns^derahly to his -sj-c^kly ifieome, recpntly wrote to ans-m dividual in Melboume, who advertised thnt^Dn-greceipt^Dt^^er Bintiumber of pos^e'sttifipS^hl •wofflS'Tiuf persons m the w y of making a comfortable living; In reply a-packet^ wa received^nclosing a tin frogj Jhe valW oi wlHjili would, netj perhaps exceed.^ enny better aceom| panieaAlie^to^^oS^whicli tVifollowing f acopj -^nclosea^leascifindsainpk o£- % ieapiSk which l> win Imp up and pljitnc on isurjtacpo auses fun, and tblsghl-to younj jiird old.Wt Tltuis -to • peralozeii, less 5 per cent cash -on ordei liustmg to hear of -your success, &c; ;; The inhabitants of that lively township Cooma, must either be peculiarly constructed as far ae their- pliysical organisations are conccrned, or else the manner in ce winch that section of the community who: play football enter into the game, must : have a hardening effect, to j udge by the following, , extract from- the Manaro • Mercury.One section of the Cooma .footballers were thrown out of the coach . while returning to town on Monday. A tiiember was flung on a slip-rail, tho end ;of 'whicii;.entered his mouth, but fortu- :iia;telyj di'd-not : damage it." We wonder ..it .:the ,slip,:rail; was damaged ! The same •paper describes football as. " an intellectual pursuit, when played with clothes on." Surely it was never tho custom,' even m Cooma, .to-play without garments of some description. . .;:Messrs English; sLi.ttle Vand- Co; will sell at the : Borough. yardsV/tp-day,; bulloclcs, cows, iteere.iheifers,. and "mixed ..cattle, ; and at their own yards, horses and ponies, including the; entire Shetland Pony "Duke ot Argyle." They Will also, sell^at.'their mart, an allotment of laiid at: Clydehailt:, with ..good house, &c.;, .occupiedTjy MrItobtVc-Bl-yth, ,'J; : Messrs K. Guthridge and Co. will sell at the Borough yards,...to:day, .faUocts, cows, . steers,- heifers, and', milkers, at their own yards, horses and pigs, and at their mart rye-grass seed, produce,'furnitiire,,and sundries. ;.. Messrs C. Mackintosh and Co., will sell at Morwell-bn Monday.'; bullocks, : cows, steers, heiferSj t&c.;, akoV wefclierS, ewes, and lambs'. :. Mr .T::Sw_an, StratfpTdio^d.-aiiiiOTiioes that he wants -pigeons : iti' any number, .for which the highest price will be given. y. v ', A-meeting of ra;tepayers of'the central riding,' rMaffra shire, will be held in the shire hall, ;Maffra;;-thiS'f^afternoon 4 .;!^ fpiirpdse'Af selecting ,candidates r ior?the ^ensuing • i ' .Ajipeeting w^ 'iV hettTin' theVM^ Instit"Ute, Briagolong, this erenin^, to consider.; the • nomination of ca;hdidat^s' for the East Riding of the Maffra Shire at the forthcoming election... .-. V.-v-'-i ' 