chapter xlv. THE INDICTMENT. Edgar llornay was very far from wishing to be a spectator of what was about to follow. But an heir presumptive has his duties, and it was a part of them in this case to stand on the right hand of the sovereign while administering justice. In the Xetcombe Dottrell kingdom there was a still more significant sign of heirship—namely, to be present during Mr. Peyton's confidences with his lawyer; but to that topmost peak of expectation Edgar Dornay had not yet reached. Though on a vety high rung of the ladder, he was still on his promotion. Mr. Peyton had never to ring twice except for a reason ; when he did so, it produced not the fcotman but his valet. " Derwood," he said, " ask Mr. Marks and Mr. Nay lor to be so good as to favour me with their company." Nothing conld be more stolidly respectful than Mr. Derwood's face as he left the room to execute his master's orders, but directly the doors bad closed behind him it became full of expression. Sailors talk in their melodramatic manner of "theplank between tbem and eternity," bat a great man's door is also a plank of some importance, on one side of which things take place that never occur upon the other. "Here's another row," soliloquised the valet, laving his finger to the side of his nose, as was bis habit when reflecting upon the changes and chances of human life, or which, sin.-e he had been some years atLetcombs Hall, he had seen something,'' if the goose of them two gents isn't cooked iry name isn't Sam Derwood." Then, as if suddenly affected by a reminiscence (though, in his case, it was the absence of one), he added briskly, " and a good job too. I don't remem ber as either of them ever gave me so much as would buy a cigar with." If there is a mammon of unrighteousness which it behoves persons who live in ex pectancy to make friends of. it is their patron's valet; yet Messrs. Marks and Nay lor had entirely omitted this precaution. They onght by rights to have been millionaires, so slow they were to part with their money. Mr. Marks, it is true, had feed Scarsdale, because her evidence was important to the present enquiry, and Mr. Naylor (not to waste his means upon a mere presentment) had chucked her nnder the chin; bnt' the bribe in neither case would have been sufficient to enlist her aid had she not been disposed to help them for other reasons. Now" though years of service had robbed Scarsdale of her youth, they had enabled her (in compensa tion) to put by a tidy sum of money, whereof Mr. Samuel Derwood being enamoured, he had proposed to her; and either in order to make a cheap show of virtue, or to stimulate Mr. Derwood himself to similar gallantries, she had confessed in her own way (she had even added " he kissed me") Mr. Naylor's in discretion to the valet. His jealous indignation may be imagined. "What!" he cried, "do you mean to say he never gave yon nothing to take the taste out of it. Scaly varmint Ty Ignorant of this extraneous enemy, but with sufficient apptehenBions of danger from more direct sources, the two philosophers were ushered into the hall of audience. Mr. Peyton, standing with his back to the fire place. gravely pointed out two chairs imme diately opposite that in which his young friend was already seated. Never had in voluntary spectator a better view of any per formance than the unfortunate Edgar. " I have requested my friend Mr. Doraay's presence here," observed Mr. Peyton in ex planation, " because I have confidence in his judgment, and also because he has some Knowledge of the previous history of the two persons whom the document you have . placed in my hands concerns. He is already acquainted with its contents, so that it will be unnecessary to read it. Have yon any thing to add, gentlemen, to the information which it purports to afford?" " Nothing, save that it is all true," ob served Mr. Marks in a solemn tone. It had been agreed between the two accusers that Mr. Marks should be their mouthpiece, and if he had been appointed Speaker to the House ot Commons he could not have ac quitted himself with greater dignity and sedatenesB. " That is a bold thing tosay of eight pages of manuscript,''returned Mr. Peyton; "yet even if it were true, I should have thought you might at least have added that it was with sincere regret you found yourself com pelled to make such allegations against two young people whose future fortunes it was only too likely to effect for ill. But, perhaps," he added, with unmistakable irony, "you never thought of the future," This was vtry rough on the philosophers, whose silence (which had provoked this outbreak) was in reality caused by the em barrassment of their position. What Mr. Marks had had it on the tip of his tongue to say was that it was with a bleeding heart he had forced himself to make these charges, but that where the interests of bo dear and revered a friend as Mr. Beryl Peyton were concerned, all other considerations sank into insignificance. But cucli sentiments are for a patron's ear along. With Edgar Dornay sitting within two feet of him it was really impossible to indulge in them. Far fram suspecting that that gentleman was almost as uncomfortable as himself, he did him the injustice cf Supposing him capable of exclaim ing " Rubbish !" at the conclusion of some burst of loyalty. Ml Marks did, however, manage to say that he had only performed what was to him a most unpleasant duty. He had noticed that Mr. Peyton had showed considerable favour to Mr. Charles Sotheran, and the gross ingratitude which the young man had evinced when speaking of his benefactor, not to mention the motives of self-interest by i which he was evidently actuated— , •" Never mind the motives,' interrupted Mr. Peyton, drily. "We can all Supply those for one another. Let Us stick to facts. He was disrespectful to me in his conversa tion, it seems ?" "Very," observed Mr. Marks. " And frequently, eh ?" " Always," struck in Mr. Naylor. "Then it strikes me you must have en couraged him," suggested Mr. Peyton. Nothing, averted both gentlemen, could he more groundless than such an accusation. They nad been too appalled to stop him and simply let him run on. What must have been their feelings, for example, Mr. Marks ventured to enquire, with a glance towards the indictment, what must have been their righteous indignation when this young person had the audacity to liken his patron to Tar quinius Superbus ? " Why did he call me that, I wonder?" enquired Mr. Peyton, with a glance at Edgar. Though white as Mount Soracte When winter nights are long, His beard tfowedfdown o'er mail and belt, Bis heart and hand were strong. "To be sure—a very apt quotation,"ob- I served the old man, smiling. " His other | remarks, however, it seems were not so com plimentary. Is this allegation literaUy true, gentlemen, that Mr. Sotheran said ' The old fool'" (he here read an extract from the in dictment) "' will settle some money on the girl (meaning Miss Marvon), and then I will marry her;' and again, ' I wish the old fool was dead.'" "Those were the words Mr. Sotheran used," said Mr, Marks, with a slightcougb,as if something stuck in his throat. "Is that your impression also, Mr. Naylor ?" " fie made use, if not of those actual words, of words of a similar purport, Sir." , " There was a witness once who said, * the prisoner cried 'Bill, Bill,'or words to that " observed Mr. Peyton, drily. " I trust, Mr. Naylor, you will he found to be equally conscientious. I have made en quiries, however, into this matter, and testi mony will be produced which does not quite bear out what you two gentlemen have said. It tends to prove, I am sorry to say, that though Mr. Sotheran may have been indis creet and disrespectful in his language, a certain colour has been given to it." " Not by us, Sir," murmured Mr. Marks. A dreadful suspicion crossed his minu that Ralph Dornay and Dr. Biide were acting treacherously to them, and for some reasonof j their own had turned informers. Forto what ; other testimony could their host refer ? Mr. Peyton rang the bell, and by some in termediate agency, for it is certain he could never have heara it, it was answered by Japhet Marcom, the deaf mate. Notwithstanding his height and strong build, this man had usually the patient, apa thetic look which belongs to those who are*" similarly afflicted—a gentle attentiveness, as if they would fain listen to you if they could. But on this occasion there was a severity in his face that almost approached truculence. "You have seen these gentlemen walking, on the terrace lately now and then, Japhet, said Mr. Peyton, indicating the two philo sophers with his finger. Japhet's eyes shone " yes" as he inclined his head with quiet confidence. "And from where you were you could hear —in your way—j retty accurately what they?' said f" Mr. Marks and Mr. Nxylor smiled incre dulously, as indeed did Edgar himself. Japhet's services were devoted to his master ana not given to the public at large. If the Happy Family ever bestowed a thought upon him, at was to conclude (as indeed was the fact} that his name was to be found among. the lesser blessed in Mr. Peyton'B will. They knew that his master and he had some mysterious means of communicating with one another, and that was all. " You seem to doubt Japhet's powers, gen tlemen," observed Mr. Peyton. " Be so kind, Mr. Doraay, as to ask him a question for~ yourself." " Is the clock at the church, Japhet," en quired Edgar, " faster or slower than the ■ Hall timer The mute pointed to the timepiece over the - mantelpiece, and moved his hand with great - rapidity. '* He says our time is faster," explained Mr.. Peyton. " If you had made the enquiryfifty feet hence, and in a whisper, he would have: heard you equally weih If he is near enough, to see the movement of your lips he can tell. what they say. If you doubt this, gentle men, you can make proof of it for yourselves,, but for my part I know it to be the case;, and whatever Japhet haB repeated to me or this matter is, to my mind, 1 frankly tell you, testimony to be relied oh as surely as thoughhe had made a third at your inter views, and every word you said had been, addressed to him." Mr. Marks' lips moved as if he himself' were dumb; Mr. Maylor gibbered like a ghost; or a detected presentment. "Japhet has, at my suggestion," continued Mr. Peyton, " written out a detailed account, of what he heard in the walled garden. It is i here, open to your inspection, gentlemen,, and—if it can be refuted—to your refutation^. Japhet alleges that yon agreed together that~. there could be no harm in putting into Mr. Sotheran's mouth the sentiments which you . took it for granted he entertained. For ex ample, since yon supposed he would like Miss Marvon no less for being well dowered, you thought it a natural thing to make Mr.. Sotheran sav, 'The old fool will Bettle some ■ money on the girl, and then I will marry, her.' Do you still maintain, gentlemen,, that those were the actual words Mr.. Sotheran used ? On the other hand, Japhet. is confident as to your own employment of' thiB rathersiugular phrase'"—here Mr. Peyton once more referred to the manuscript—" ' By hook or by crook, we must get both the boy and the wench out of the house.' " " It seems to me, Mr. Peyton," saidi Mtv Marks, turning very pale, and speaking in^ quavering tones, " that you have hardly be haved quite fairly to us in discussing in the, presence of a thiid person—here he indicated Edgar Dornay—' a matter which was com municated to you under the seal of confidence. Our communication, if you will be bo good as., to observe, was marked "private ana confi dential."' "Good heavens, Sir! am I the Lion of Venice," exclaimed Mr. Peyton, angrily, " that I should take every charge for granted that malice and ill-will may invent against an innocent man ? If I hesitate to confront him with his accusers, do you suppose that is for their sakes, and merely because they ( have expressed a wish—under the circum stances a very natural wish-^to remain anonymous? What right have you to com-, plain because I take thiajgentleman here into. my confidence? What hinders you from de fending 3 ourselves because he is present." It was rather difficult for poor Mr. Marks to explain Iris position—the statement that his conversations with Mr. Naylor had been overheard, which did not in the least doubt, had utterly overwhelmed him. Hp. was conscious of baying said 60 many damag ing thingB. There, seemed to him but one - way of escape for tlssoi out of the. hole, just. SB the fox made use of the goat in the well,, namely, on the shoulders of Mr. Ralphs Dornay. He would lite to, have _ said, that; the character that gentleman bad'given thejj of Mr. Sotheran had so utterly sbiy^"u cneir sense of propriety, that they nad taken what might certainly seem somewhat extreme mate sures to prevent Mr. Peyton's favour fronu being abused. They had gone, perhaps-, fur- - ther than they were justified in going, but not of themselvcB; Mr, Kalph Dornay had given them the momentum. This is what seemed their best and indeed their only line of defence ; but how could they take it in, the presence of Mr. Dornay's nephew ? " You must remember, Sir," said Mr. Marks, wetting his dry lips as the serpent -. flickers his forked tongue, " that there is , another person implicated in this-unhappy matter, and that a motive of delicacy, which > you will I am sure both understand and appreciate, prevents its full discussion— ahem !—under present circumstances." " Pray do not let your consideration for • Miss Marvon stand in the way," replied Mr Peyton, coldly. " If you have nothing more to eay against the young lady than you have , had to urge against Mr. Sotheran it will not distress Mr. Dornay, though he entertains as high a regard for her as any one must do who . has the good fortune to be acquainted with . her." "You must please to rememher, .Mr. Peyton," said Mr. Marks, hurriedly, "that. we have personally made no charge of any kind against Miss Marvon.. We have only repeated from a sense of what was owing to ■ yourself, what we have heard of her from,. other sources, and which a very little enquiry on your part will corroborate or disprove." "You speak of other sources," said Mr. Peyton, icily! " be so good as to name one of ' them." "Permit me, Sir, to mention Scarsdale, Mrs. Peyton's maid." 