TRUE GHOST STORIES. The two ghost stories told (says the London correspondent of the Liverpool Mercury) by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Psychological Society. When hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, the future defender of vivisection was studying for the medical profession, he had a horror of the gastly details of the business, which he imagined he conld never overcome. He was cured, strange- to say, by a fright. Having to take some medicine on a windy night to Lancaster Castle, he had to pass through the room in which he had taken part in dissections. J ust as he entered the room with the basket of medicine under his arm, the clouds which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and looking up, the future biologist saw what he thought was an enormous figure in white, with arms outstretched, looking down upon him. He turned round trembling, and against the wall opposite stood another figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran. The patients in Lancaster Castle got no medicine that night. But when he returned next day j and found that he had been frightened by ! mortuary sheets, he braced his nerves up , so that he was soon collecting skulls. ' He ' made a fine set, but for a' long time he could not get an Ethiopikk skull. At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the young doctor got-.per mission to have his head. It was again a windy night when the operation of removing the head was determined upon. But habited in his long cloak, then the fashion, and provided with a blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had the head safely stowed away. As he left the room in which the coffin lay; however, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw him upon his face. Attempting to recover himself, he lost his hold of the bag, the head fell out, rolled with increasing velocity down a flight of steps, across a courtyard, and settled itself upon the neck, with one eye open and the other shut, in a room where two women shrieked. The professor rushed wildly after it, took no notice of the women, seized the skull, put it in the bag again, and ran from the -Castle. Four or five years afterwards he was attending a dying woman, who called loudly for a clergyman, to whom she had something to tell. The doctor begged her to tell him as no clergyman was near enough to be called in time. At length she' spoke. ".Oh, sir, I had a husband, wljo was a negro, and, I fear, a bad man. He' died, sir, at Lancaster Castle; and, oh 1 sir, I was standing one day in the rooms when my husband's head came out of the floor, and seemed to ask me to help him. Ancl then, sir, the devil came through the door, snatching up the head, put it m a bag, and disappeared before I could do anything. And I had never done anything. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor hus band's soul ?" The vagaries of the weights and measures system prevailing in this country are a proof that, in some respects at least, the British people are conservative. From time to time peddling attempts are made to improve mat ters ; but nothing definite is ever accom plished. What can be more confusing, for instance, than the numerous devices for the measuring and weighing of grain ? Corn, says a writer in the Daily Chronicle , is sold by coombs, sacks, loads, bolls, two or three kinds of bushels, bags, listreds, and windles. When the measure is of a given weight, there are sixteen kinds of quarters, from 4701bs. to GOOIbs. each. According to a return pre sented to Parliament four years ago, wheat is sold by quarter of 504lbs. in Barnard Castle, Darlington, Durham, and Sunder land ; by quarter of 5601bs. at Whitby ; by boll at Stockton, Hexham, Alnwick, and Ber wick ; by imperial quarter and boll at New castle ; and by "Appleby bushel" at the quaint old Westmorland town of that name ; whilst barley and oats have still more dn er- sified modes of weight and measure. With the view of reducing this chaotic state of things to something like order, the central hundred-weight (lUOlbs.) was introduced ; but, like many more dead-letter laws which are good in themselves, the regulation was made permissive. There has been introduced to Parliament a Corn Sales . Bill, which is designed to remedy some of the existing de fects. Among other provisions, the bill pro poses' to render the cental compulsory. This is a step in the right direction, but only a step. " They manage these thiugs better in France." ' Gallic ' friends have- a perfect system of coinage, weights, and measures ; and if we are to a.ter our pre sent bad arrangements in these respects we had better follow the French example, By so doing we should not only simplify our home commercial transactions, but should facilitate international business. 