CHAPTER IV. " Is Mr. Thornton married, mother ? asked Helen a little abruptly, when late in the after noon, after a most exhaustive conversation (chiefly carried on by Mrs. Seymour) on the subject of cottages for labourers, and kindred topics, Gabriel took his leave, promising to come again at an early date. In the mean time he was to trace the landlord grievance to its lonely lair, and drag it in all its heinous ness to the light of day. "Married?" repeated Mrs. Seymour, with a perplexed air. "Oh, no; 1 think not. Men like Mr. Thornton hardly ever marry, I should think." "Oh! why not? What is his claim to celibacy?" asked Helen, a little amused and surprised. As a naturalist constructs the whole economy of an animal he has never seen, from seeing one tiny bone, so people often make very large assumptions on a small social fact. To have a kitten straying from home seemed, in the case of a man somehow, to implyawife and children- atanyrateawife. " Well; I should think he has no time for domestic life; he is constantly at meetings and Parliament, and the rest of the time at Clubs, I fancy, answered Mrs. Seymour vaguely. Helen sat in rather an indolent mood with the kitten on her lap. As Selton Lea was five miles from Gabriel's lodgings, and as he had to go to his office for the rest of the day. Helen had suggested that the kitten should for the time being be left in her charge. " What a pet you are making of that lean, ragged-looking creature, Helen. Do put it out of the room," said Mrs. Seymour, a little fretfully. It is sad to relate that Helen made no attempt to carry out these instructions. The kitten had, from being a little Ishmaelite constantly on the defensive and terrified if one moved or spoke, become perfectly tame, and persisted in lying on Helen's lap with a curious air of security, which seemed to say, " Here I am, and here I mean to stay." The next time Gabriel came to Selton he found that the kitten followed Helen like her shadow. It had grown plump and playful, and its fur had become very smooth and showed to perfection its naturally beautiful marking. It now answered to the name of Mushon, which was the rendering given by one of the maids to Monsieur—a title bestowed on it by Helen on account of its increasingly aristocratic appearance. Mushon developed a surprising faculty for begging, standing up on its hina legs for two or three minutes at a time with surprising facility. It also contracted a passion for tea-drinking. The moment that the teatray was brought' into the draw ing-room, either in the afternoon or after dinner, Mushon mewed ferociously; and finally, when Helen gave it creamed tea in a saucer, it stood up on its hind legs and lapped uj) the beverage with immense gusto. A certain ferocity in the matter of eating and drinking was the only habit that clung to Mushon of the evil days through which he wandered desolate and oppressed when no man gave him to eat. Thornton came and went, and was daily cognizant of all the growing accomplishments of the gifted Mushon. "I am really getting too fond of your pussy to let you have it back" Helen would say from time to time, and on several occasions Gabriel was on the point of avowing that he was a cheat and an impostor, and had not the smallest claim to the accomplished and fast-growing Mushon. But there was a certain awkwardness in the confession, and it was so delightful to watch Helen.fondling the creature that she believed had once been his. Fee 1here can no longer be any conceal met t of the fact that poor Gabriel was at the lm t very hard hit. Of course it was not his first love affair by—well, well, what man cares to confess the number of shrines at which he has burnt incense to successive Divinities!—the midnight hours he has g'ven to her image, and -such dreadful as he was capable of? To count backward from the bright particular star that has at laBt risen faterully on the horizon, were indeed an ungrateful task. To linger. on the thoughts of Selina with the willowy drooping throat, Rebecca with the shining orbs, Matilda with the Hebe mouth and sweeping lashes. What man dares, except in the inmoBt recesses of his own heart, count over the appalling procession! Happy is he if in the years to come, when the bright particular star has been plucked from the firmament and sphered Dy the domestic hearth, his thoughts do not turn with covert regret to some or all of these earlier luminaries. - . As for Thornton, he had rapidly reached that exalted frame of mind when even to re member, that he had previously fancied himself in love was intolerable. In the midst of his' work he would sometimes fail into a profound reverie, going over every little detail of his last visit to Selton; re calling the tones of Helen's voice, her smile, the sudden lighting-up of her face as some mischievous thought came into her mind, or a saucy repartee to her lips. But, alas'! with what arch roguery she turned aside any ap proach to that tender seriousness which is the divine manna of timid love. How many scores of timeB did Gabriel re hearse the words in which he might one day dare to tell hiB love. ThuB he would picture Helen among the roses—what a splendid opportunity to say something; ask for a rose bud, and then— Oh! how did those glib novelists always make up scenes and speeches. Did she care for him? A long, long sigh. Presently a vision would arise—an over whelming vision of Helen installed in some enchanted dwelling as his wife. One moment j he dwelt on the word with all the boldness of a yearning lover; the next he was amazed at his undue presumption. But the vision would return again and again. He could fancy her so well glancing over his proofs, and making the most astounding suggestions. He would even laugh aloud sometimes as he fancied the kind of jibes she would gravely insist on dealing to the decorous gravity of daily history as recorded in daily ieaders. At the Barbarian Club his place was now often vacant. Yap, Mae., & Co. had become absolutely insufferable to him. There was that all-sufficient complacency about them when they spoke of what they called the " fair sex," which so often marks men of limited intelligence, who have associated only with women of inferior intellect and narrow minds, and this kind of complacency Thorn ton now found utterly intolerable. His old comradc-s' stories of love and war and feats on 'change were all equally odiouB to him. Of course, things could not go on for ever | in this way. The spring was fast merging into summer, and Mrs. Seymour began to speak of going to her house at the sea-side. As that was thirty-five miles out of town the bare thought struck a cold chill to Thornton's heart; it was like an eternal separation to think of one gloomy, horrible week after another passing in endless number without a sight of Helen's face, or the sound of her voice. Several "last parties" were being given in rapid succession at the close of the season, and Gabriel now bitterly regretted that lie had so steadfastly in the past refused all invitations to balls and i parties. How, how are the mighty fallen. He now often envied Charlie, instead of reading bun lectures on the pitiful waste of time involved in going to dances, hops, and balls. At such " scenes of revelry by night" he might have caught glimpses of Helen, and that would have sanctified the most prosaic and commonplace assembly. He did not once mention licr name to any of his friends, but on one occasion, when Charlie returned to their mutual lodgings about 3 o'clock in the morning, he saw a light burning in Thorn ton's room, and tapped at the door in passing. " So you're burning the midnight oil, old man," he said as on entering he found Gabriel seated at his writing-table, in an Oriental looking dressing- gown smoking a Church warden, and enveloped in a cloud of smoke, i " Well, Charlie, you haven't damaged your ] nose or anything of that sort coming home, have you ? " Come, I like your style now. Oh, I'd like to make you feel aB sneaking as a stage-ghost. You needn't look bo mightily amazed." Charlie threw off his light overcoat, sat I down in a capacious easy chair, lit a cigar, which Gabriel Landed him, crossed his legs, and stared hard in Thornton's face. " May I ask you a few questions, Thorn ton?" ! " Good Lord ! What has come over the boy? Charlie, if these people, under the guise of hospitality, give you such vile stuff to drink" " Now, Gabriel, you shut up! Will you answer me one question ?" " Certainly." "How long have you known Miss Sey mour?" Thornton's face flushed hotly, but he maintained his accent of unconcern. " You know, Charlie, I don't indulge in diaries; they might compromise a lot of you fellows when nj^ biography _ comes tn be written, thus—'The one fault in Gabriel Thornton's otherwise perfect character was the company he sometimes kept, &c.;'" " Oh, confound it Gabriel, do tell me all about this affair. The truth is I am awfully | gone on Miss Seymour." " The deuce you are." Gabriel felt a burn ing deBire to pitch the young man out of his room head foremost. 1 " Yes, I am. I had her in my mind's eye, Horatio, when I told you some time ago i that a fellow got more good of seeing some girls for a few hours than he did from his own ' sex in as many 3 ears." " Ah, that accounts for the unearthly saint liness noticeable about you lately." " Now, old hops, there are times when a fellow can stand chaff, and times when he can't. But this is generally your style. I tell you all my affairs—good, lrnd, ana indif ferent—and you just listen with an amused kind of a smile, and double a fellow up at the end with some ill-natured attempt at a witticism. You remind me of a German animal I knew once, who used all his spare time in hunting up rare kinds of in sects and sticking pins through them in a beastly case of his own manufacture." " Do you really-imagine that you -are a rare kind of beetle, Charlie ?" " Rare ? Ah, no, I'm only rechercM, But if you're unable to see it, all I can say is don't, don't ask me to bring so select a type of humanity before you, and at the same time enlarge your mind fully to grasp my value. But joking apart, Thornton, aB you're such an oyster—a Sphinx—a—dash it—after 3 o'clock in the morning a fellow's stock of original metaphors has a tendency to ran out— I'll tell you why I ask. To- night, or rather last night, I had the good fortune to secure two dances with Miss Seymour. After the second dance we had aome talk. Miss Seymour said she was thankful the season for party-giving was drawing to a cloae, and wondered why some original- brained being did not invent aome form of evening amuse ment a little less tiresome. On this T replied, ' Oh, I must speak about this to my friend Thornton. He rails against dances and balls with great vivacity, but I've never heard h™ propose any substitute.' ' Oh, do you know. Mr. Thornton.'said Miss Seymour, turning on me with quite an animated look. In fact, the more I reflect on her expression the less I like it; and, bvJove, Thornton you're Mush ing. Phewl Well, I thought there must be something in it before you told such astound ing lies. ' Come, don't lay your hand upon yonr sword,' &c.; The hour comes to every man when, if he's not a saint nor a fool, he has to lie prodigiously. As most of us are neither, the crisis generally keepB a recording angel at work for several hours. Oh, you're impatient .to hear .the rest, are you? Well, it's too late to go to bed. Give me a beaker of that lager beer, and another cigar—thanks. In answer to Miss Seymour's naive enquiry, I said, 'Seeing that we have lodged in the same house for two years' " More animation. ' Oh, then you would know about the kitten?' 'The kitten?" I murmured. 'YeB, the kitten that strayed away from your place, and that I rescued from an untimely death.' I didn't know whether to laugh at the absurdity of our ever having had a kitten or to. weep over your overwhelming men dacity. I did neither, I perilled my soul for your unworthy sake, and—Oh yes, the poor dear little creature! You see 1 had to confine myself to generalities. At thia moment Maskeylene—you know that disgust ingly rich grazier, or squatter, or whatever he calls himself—came to claim Miss Seymour for the next dance. Nows I leave it between yourself and your conscience whether you aon't owe me a full, clear, and unvarnished tale." 