BOUGHT DEAR. "Knowledge of good bought dear by knowing ill." MILTON. BY JANET CARROLL. A un>Ews part; converging to the rail-pointed uhitc gate facing. Dendron Homestead— ambling, canterin; horses, and noisy, laugh. ir.Z rider*. All costumes among them—tweed fiitf, rilk dan coats, wideawakes, pnggareed draw hats, and narrow-rimmed boxers, in bsppv confusion, mingled with the dark-bloc or black habits of the ladies. Two men, look ing down from a bed-room window of the M-cosd rtorey, smilingly counted and criti cised the unconscious riders. "Th?t girl with the yellow hair round her tcrchcad and neck is Miss Blaekham. I met her in town. See how closely Davison keep* to his poet, and poor Maggie F*ster is too kind or too well-fared, or something, to show that the is tiled to death ot him. I wonder "here Bath is. I cannot distinguish her there." "Cannot di?tingni*h Mr-. Sutherland? She's on Daaphin, and leading through the fate now. It's an easy matter, I think, to di?iin^aish Mrs. Sutherland anywhere." "Ye*, my cousin was always that—dis tinxniAable. See how insignificant they all look beside her. for all their frizzles and aZtctations. She's looking np! By Jore, Dare, that's a change! She wasn't a bit glad lofeem; I know that look of Bath's." " Mrs. Sutherland's patience and parse are both Ion; to us ungrateful beggars. Thanks to her good heart and the kind fate that made m soch dose neighbors, she saved Mopadally to me (or the sake ot ' Auld Lang Syne,' she said. 'Gad! every fellow doesn't get such substantial reward for the impadent tricks and fifth-rate manners of his hobbledehoy hood. You had my lack last Cop, and 70a told me that she came to your rescue too. Yoo mw have cot it too fine, Percy! She'd do a deuced sight more for too'than she would for me, and she dared me over twelve hundred straight, not to speak of the time too." _ "It isn't money," answered the other, watching the riders filing into the stable yard. "Money never came between my cousin and me. She does't know the value of money. It's a wonder to me that she has kept Dendron oat of the banks so long." " Andrew Sutherland's not the man to " "Andrew Sutherland has nothing to do with it, he cannot touch a stick of Dendron property nor penny of Dendron Moras, they're Bath's own. What el*e is or is not I can't cay.** " Yes. I've caught the tail of a big rumour and knowing her so well, I would almost wish it were true. Are they sepa rated ? " •'Judicially?" "Anyway." " I don't know; there seems to be some ■ort of a social crack, even in this thing, this birthday gathering Hath will always insist on ziviaS me. Sutherland always till now lent his' stand off the grass' presence to Dendron festivities." " Well, come down and face it out." \- You mi^bt as well take ten or eleven birthdays off, and give me a whipping and 'upperleu bej, as meet a fellow like this, Kuth." " Percy, yon brought Dave Beams t" The low, hurried words reached Dave, and he joined them quickly. She met quietly the angry interrogation in his eyes, and re stated— ** Percy brought you I suppose ? " He aniwercd the tone of ber first word* : "I came uninvited I know; bat till now " " Tou are welcome as ever Dare,*' stopped his disclaiming angry words. Sh? turned, naming them to the others, and then moved away. ■ The girls.standing on the steps holding back their heavy skirts and toying with tbeir whips, soon drew the two into the circle around them. Mrs. Sutherland in the hall stood in listening attitude, sj< it heeding and participating, but her open and out-looking gray ryes bad a wrary, absent expression. Dave Beams' eyes, recking her attention, I brought her thoughts and interest back. He was standing on the highest step, and looking; over the heads of two directly before him. Percy was talking eagerly down to the babyish upraised face of Jessie Blackbam : Yellow hair and diminutive figures were Percy's well-known weaknesses. To laugh with Dave was compulsory, the rocsmcri?m of his merry eyes had always been too forcible for her. When had the not responded? Not more able to resist hia roguery now than in the daj? of bash tombojism, she smiled in happy concert while looking down from Percy's bent head to Jessie's curl-framed face. Soon swift remembrance closed her smile and sent a quick haughty look to a young fellow leaning by the door- frame. He was watching her, and the blood reddened her cheeks and temples, when she met his steady look. He was Donald Sutherland, her husband's younger brother, whom she had never seen till now. His boyish letters bristling with college fun, yet underlaid with earnest en thusiasm, had often made her wish she had Don out of bis English Academy, away from his books, and with than in their luxurious Melbourne home. Only three months ago she wrote to him telling him bow pleased she was to hear of his scholastic successes, and how gladlj she would welcome him in Aus tralia. He came for it at her word, but he ' had been with Andrew first, that watching uldhcr. A fierce indignation against the boy who so distantly, yet so strikingly with his black, solemn eyes and grave face resem bled her husband, was her first sensation. This indignation was so hot that it almost razed the dictates ol hospitality and gentle breeding that were such marked traits in her; but his boyish diffidence and brotherly words soon disarmed her. He took up their friendship and relationship at the point of her but assurance of welcome, never alluding to what he must know, and not mistrusting her by word or sign, till now. Till now she had felt that she would brrak her stabborness before this boy, would say to him what she could not say before those sterner, condensing eyes; that thum she could take the kindness his face told her he was longing to give, and keep it and him, letting Andrew Sutherland live alone in his iron strength and abiding firmness o! pur pose. Sow bis mission became bare to her, and she sickened with haughty loathing as she met his slow, pained, but steadily watchful look. The long skirts trailed upstairs, and the gentlemen standing together till they disappeared, then broke up. scattering themselves in couple or trios. Only Don Sutherland leaned by the doorframe, deep thoughtful &css; on his f>tcc find in bis i^&tncu;* staring eyes. "Don, come here!" Half-way down the stair-length stood Mrs- Sutherland. She had taken oS ber bat and gloves, and with them some of the proud anger her face wore going up. In the stiff, onembeUtabod costume riding pre scribes, with nothing to relkve iv black straightnes* bat the white col lar ""i at her throat, her hair hall uncoiled androcgnenrd by the wind, she was to fair and gracious to look upon, so regal in her slender upright. ness, that Donald, seeing the for giving light in her gray eyes, sprang gladly up the steps beside her. _" Oh. liuth! you saw. You know now. Forgivr-me! I will discard him to believe in you. How dare he send me " " To watch his wife ?" " Don't! I hate him." ** Touare bis brother and he thinks much of yon; don't hate him." " I am glad that he is my brother; it makes you my sister; but, remem bering what he set me to do, I must bate him." The lad leased with his hands on the banisters, and his earnestness was very impressive. Her face'was glad because of this chivalrous* faith in her. Surely Andrew might spare her this one kind trusting heart—this brother that believed against his stentorian word. "Percy would not like you to miss his supper. Stay for it. And then. loyal true Donald, go back. You cannot do his bidding perhaps. Dot your allegiance should be to him." " Wai yon sot Uke mj faith? " " I will, when Andrew does not exact yonr allegiance—you see they could not go to gether. He would not have you for a brother as yon are, and I dare not have yon for a ! friend as yon are." j " I am afraid to go back even for severance, i He is so strong, he would break np and I stamp ont my faith in yon." A hard, proud look could come quickly on her face. It came now as she gathered up the b' 7 skirt folds that lay around her, not answ. i. Belo '.nto the sunshine at the open door and vera. iah steps, her cocsin Percy Dendron and his Zriend came; they stood together talking and looking up. Both men were of the genial-natnred, light-thinking kind, which typified itself in brown, curly, or waring hair, sunny, smiling eyes, and pleased setting of features. Something just said between them made them smile merrily at her as she looked oat, and Donald Sutherland turning toward the direction of her happily answering look, straightened his lips in hasty impulse. She watched the rebuke in his black eyes a moment, then said quietly. "Go soon from here to your brother. I am mistaken in you as I was in him, and I think that at this moment, I hate you more than I do him—he had the right perhaps, bat yon, how dare you.' " The two came down the hall to the stair cue, and Donald, leaning forward, whispered remorsefully after her: " Let me stay. Both. I will staj I " Bat he did not stay. A few boors of Mrs. Sutherland's studied repeDance ot manner was too much for his youthful sensitiveness, and next day he drove to the railway station and took a throngh ticket for Melbourne. He went straight to the handsome, bnt almost unoccupied house in Toorak, and when Andrew Sutherland re turned from his day's office supervision, his surprise was great and genuine at finding his yonng brother smoking moodily before the fire. -Donald! Why didn't yon wire? What brought yon b&ck; so soonT" "The hostess at Dendron intimated a desire for mj absence —there came a covert bint that I should stand not on the order of my going, provided I went at once." " She turned you ont ? " " Oh, now yon're coarse, I didn't say that." " Quit that, boy. Keep your cynicisms for fitting times." Sadden anger and its hot offspring, pas sion, were quickly gaining hold, and he stepped on the hearthrug into the firelight. " What was she afraid of jour seeing? Was Dive Beams there ? " Donald felt the strain of repression that so choked his voice, but lie lifted his black eyes inquiringly to the ominously Hashing ones above. "Ton debased me by the crraml, and I TOtrcd I would tell you nothing. Why " and the tall, thin figure confronted him, the red glow seeming to warm the anger on their faces and brighten the quick flashings of their eyes. " Stop! It becomes me to make you some | allowance. I remember your youth, and | weigh the fact that you have just come from ] l>endron and its mistress. Now, I repeat my question, imiitiny on its answer. Was David Beams there ? " " Very well, that one question will be the last on the subject I will answer. I don't see that it bears directly on the Tile programme you set me; you premised his presence. To see and report of the words, looks, and actions of Ruth Sutherland—faugh!" " My answer, sir." "Yes, Dave Beams teas there; came for the occasion of retry Dendron's birthday." Ashy paleness came to Mr. Sutherland's face, and he turned away. No more words were spoken till they sat opposite each other at dinner with fire yards of white silver loden tablecloth between them, and solemn emptiness about; the elder man made com mon place observations in an effortful way, and so led to a fitful spirit—lacking conver sation that grew between them till bed time. Each in hU own room, the thoughts that only scattered themselves under the evening's repression now shaped themselves into recog nition, and, with the quick growth of youth, into impulse with Donald. He left his room, and with the decided, swinging steps of new resolution, west straight to the door of the master's room. Mr. Sutherland opened at once to his tap on the panel not looking sur prised, indeed, rather expectant, closed it { after bis entrance acd waited. ; "I do not want to stay here. Give me the I share that is mine and let me go. I did not i come to be this thing between you and your I wife." j "I have no wife." j "So much the worse for yon. Tour busi- I ness concerns and mine are not one. Ton i never intended thai I should go into your I office, nor do I wish it, let me take my own : ?ay." | " You are twenty years old, Donald, and modernising the old parable—'give me the f portion of goods that lalleth to me' has been ■ in every house, and just as often the sequel —"let me be to thee as thy servant, only give i me bread.'" Quietness, almost sorrowful qnictnesj, was i in his voice, and in the gesture that stayed the retort coming from Donald. j •* I would not keep her. 1 will not keep ! you. But remember, when one* Rono, I will j never want to look upon yoar face again. ! i You shall have jour share, more than your 1 share to ballast your twenty years ; bat there ! must be no sequel, no return." i " I will take but what is my own, and t will , not seek you, Andrew. It is yon yoarself who has bared yoarself of companionship, and cat out tnie lore from yonr life. I can remember yon of years and years ago. If matnrer manhood have not erased the frenzied I and fierce jealousies that made you so ob- I noxious then, Ido not wonder that Ruth " f A blaze sprang into his face. : "I don't want to hear that name, nor I years again henceforth. To-morrow after noon call at the. office, where yon will find I what yon want, and now, GO-" Without handshake, without word, he went out. In his own room again he opened a j square, old- fashioned Bible, and read on its j first page the last words his mother wrote. When she lay dying ihe asked for the Book, ; and, while he cried at the bedside in stupid baby ignorance, wrote: "Andrew, my dear son,—When ye are alone take care of Donald. Cherish and tend him; for you are a man, and he is bat a babe. I give him to you. It is my last act. " Jiszt Scthzbuxd." In the other bed-room Andrew Sutherland lay back in his chair, smoking hard, his great, dark sullen eyes fixed before him, try. ing to strain back the memory of those words and the solemn self-covenant he made when he read them fifteen years ago. " I will take it in for Mr. Sutherland's sig nature," said the clerk. From behind the green swinging door came no sign, no word; a scratching of the pen and the clerk swung the door again. He had hardly expected better, remembering, as he did so well, the savare pride and freezing re ticence that had so often made his baby heart ache in past years. Before he went on board the little Auckland bound steamer he wrote to Dcndron • " Allegiance and faith may now ro together and they are both yours. The time will come when Andrew will want me, perhaps both of us; till then we will wait, yoa and I, worthy wife and brother. Tlk waiting time will be very barren, but keep your truth and steadfastness (that even I so grossly doubted for a little] and yet the crooked paths will be made straight. "Till I see yonr dear face ajiin, and hear yonr voice in forgiveness, I will wait." '• Trusting and loyal, " Dojuld." " If we ?ti?ll ?Un.l >til!, I fear oar motion will be mocked or carped ?t, We >hoald uke ruot "here ?c lit, or sit State—tUtue* pnlr." SIIiUI.M tIBE. At Dendron Itutli Sutherland read his letter, and smiled one of her slow almost sorrowful ■miles at its beautiful pathos. Night alter night the lonely Dusn bo.su i held revel. Through the windows and glass panelled doors mellow floods of lamplight streamed out to the shrubs ami trees. Before the curlew finished his evening refrain, loud and merry dance music and glad or pemive Bong notes filled the air all about, the laughter and voices of the guests intercurring and humanising the harmony. Percy was not there. "He depended on his I salary for the wherewithal for board, lodging, j and clothing. Luxuries and extravagances I were paid for by Mrs. Sutherland, who, fol- i loving her dead father's instructions and j example, never let Cousin Percy feel the I poverty he brought with him from the old ! stock in the old country. Percy had his holiday, and went back to his city work with an aggrieved look on his face. Other fellows could stay, and he had to go. Jessie Blackham, with tho pretty yellow hair, was among the stayers, and she hod a knack of being as nice and babyish in her doings and prattle when Percy was absent as when he was by. Percy was illogical, and his cousin saucily told him no. Dave Beams brought his smiling face from Moppadully on alternate evenings at first.bat J soon dropped into his old room next Percy's, ' and his old table place next Kuth. It had been always like this since the heiress of Dendron herself was promoted at fifteen years old, to the hostess seat at the dinner table. Kuth Dendron spent a reclusive girlhood, and was for her years a close student. Her father often filled the homestead with gay, noisy guests ; bat they were not of the kind to bring Bath dawn from her world of unreal intangible people. She would leave them for hours, female fashionables chattering of city dacces and concerts, singers and actors; young men dandying among them and enter ing into discussion of such rapid themes, with an earnestness that often brought scorn to her gentle month. She did not care for their disapproval or chagrin, they were not of her kind, and rising up in her girlish stateliness, she would leave them for the companionship of the sunbeams, and the bird and insect mtuic in the wilder ness of garden that spread far back to the rear of the house. Here she would read and think, resting in the soft coolness of the tree shades, the yellow sunlight gleaming over and about her. *nd the broad leaves throwing blots and patches of grotesque shadow on its j golden beauty. Her nature was all sapped with human love bat to the objects to Dendron homestead visiting its owner. While Dave was there he would ne nothing j more than the distant-mannered city friend of her father. It was only when overland stock-travelling and Queensland property sales took yonns Beams away that Hath < knew she had a lover in Andrew Sutherland. i She was a richly-endowed woman, full of ! mental strength and educated power; song- ■ stress and actress in amateur, she mightily enthralled the few she kept around her in this time of her pride-crushing and humiliation. Morose and miserable, Andrew Sutherland sat evening after evening in painful loneli ness, fearing the club and its gossip, fearing to meet his acquaintances, fearing the news papers, and (earing most what he chose to meet rather than the three first, the com panionship of his own thoughts. Remembrance of the sodalities and even- ' i ing entertainments they shared together, the ! ; intellectual and happy sympathy of their tiu a-tiu convene made this contrast hideous, and but drove farther in the bars and rivets ! of his self-erected barricade. But in all hisjaundiced imaginings he could • not see aa the really was. This repudiation of her rilled her with soulful eagerness to prove her worth, to parade her gifts and her beauty. Ruth Dendron was the promise of an appreciative literary circle. Ruth Sutherland told herself that though Andrew Sutherland did not value her, hundreds conld and would. So vhen they gathered round her in the lamp-lighted drawing-room, telling her that her interlocution from Marlxth was such as no amateur ever before attained, she put back her long'heavy hair, that with the supple height of her figure had made the Thane's wile the most striking and graceful of murder esses, and Bushed redly at their praise. "How could you, Mrs Sutherland? It was dreadful for us; the chill is on me yet." "I tried that time, Jessie. I wanted your united opinion, but I hardly expected such a laudation. When I shall call on the many I hope they will judge as favorably as the few have done to-night, and in kind you know the fraction must resemble the whole." This was the first intimation of her purpow. and it was posted in the next town letters of the visitors; soon it reached the husband in his lonely sullenncss and reticence. Hour after hour he thought of it. and com battcd with the feeling that urged him to sue and keep her his own while there was time. | She had refused to separate her interests j entirely from his. •' I will live at Dendron. Asking and keep j ing only what my father left me till you | choc-e to retract all you have said; till you replace the mantle of my reepect, even though | it has been made rent and ragged, by your | frenzies and clamoring*: then I will take | what a separated wife should, that is the j no>: of concession that I will give to you. I | will go to my old home to-day, and henceforth my words and actions will be subject only to I myfeif. I need render you no account." The jealousy in him that pictured her at | the footlights, with a thousand eves on her, grew so strong that it shook his pride at last, I and he wrote to h<r— -f, " You are ray wife; being jo, your actions are lubject to the control of my will. Un the threat of coercion I put the expression of I my will in ihia matter—whatever you may ctiDoa; to do in private, in ttaa n; of emer- I taining jour operatic and dramatiu (rienda, j you shall not publicly go on the stafje. I uaa dictatorial language, because it haa been told me that your determination to do thin U a fixed thing, t I use it too, because there is an intercut ever present with you (this to jour shame) that must be antagonistic to mine. It is not the matter of David Bearns's voice I againm mine, it is that I mast command for, j at least, the outward preservation o( our I matrimonial honor." i "Andrew, could you write that? I knew I you jealous, irritable, and foolishly proud; I but grossly coarse like that." And her proud { j grey eyes darkened with the coming tears of Ingress was alway3 free to her girl visitors, and Jessie Blackhs.m, alter a short finger-tap, was in the room chatting as only this infan tile beanty could. Kuth hid her letter, and vaguely following her present duty lines, put away her pain and tears and talked and answered. " Jessie, you look very nice to-da;r; whether its the cambric drcsa and rosebuds, or the animation and blushing of your fuse, I can't tell. What is it ? " "Its—its Dave Eearns." A slow, pleased smile came to Mra. Suther land's face. "Dave Beams! Are you sure, Jessie?" Jessie's round fair (ace was painful]/ hot. " Ob, don't speak of it please—l'm not sure. Dave only " "Dave only Well?" she quizzed, as she took the yellow-head prisoner Itetween her slender hands. "But, Jessie, look up and be candid as my little friend should bj." "I know what you mean. Ton mean about Percy; but I don't like Percy beat." " Does Percy know? " " res." "How?" " lie—he wrote to me." Then she let her go. Events must right themselves, she decided. Percy and Dive, friendship might stand this test—and then Andrew would know. Glad throbs and pul sations bounded through her at toe thought, Andrew would know. She would not speak one word, or lift one finger to right, or defend herself, bat it brought her a quiet waiting joy to know that he would aea her as she was. When he would see the baseness and horror of his prejudice. '* Then our golden days will come, my husband. The yean that are passed are not in their best, seeming anything I to what the coming years will give us when J we can perfectly trust as well as lore each j other." Waiting thus for the wheel- turnings of. destiny, she followed her fixed plans. There was no diminution of her resolve, and her ! husband's letter, though often read, remained unanswered. % i She did not know that his hair grew gray i and his face furrowed fresh and heavier lines. ! with every sunsetting that brought no reply ' to the letter that cost him so much to write. Every string of his jealous natnre was straight in its strain. lie could bear weight no longer, i he knew it. and told himself that he must | soon go to her. j " For tbongh they enter the Templa gates, they know not tha inner glory." Dendron in the winter was not the laughter ringing house of the autumn. Only the mis tress now moved through the still rooms, sitting by the lace-screened windows in deep book stn'dy, or walking np and down their carpeted length thinking serious thoughts. Weeks of this quietness passed, then, when July winds and sleety rains were over, she sent for Percy. The; talked together earnestly each day, and on the fourth David Beams tame unin vited from Moppadully. Hearing the hoof | clatter nearing the house. Percy, with the habit of host that was always his at Dendron, | left the parlor cosiness to meet the comer on the verandah, as bush courtesy dictates ; but I Iluth with a white woollen wrap over her head and shoulders was there before him. ; " Percy, I believe it's Dave Beams 1" " What! the villainous rival 1 Go fetch me a carving knife. Stay, here is a scraper. | K-r-r-r-evenge with a scraper ! That's thrill. I inn. Xo thrilling enough eh, Ruth ? Soft, here fhe comes. Why he looks ashamed, or fright ' ened, or something. Dave ! " She watched with pleased glowing eyes the eager grip and handshake, and the grateful gladness that put away the embarrassment on ; Dare's face. It was so good to see the gen ; iality and trust between them. Some men ; have so much, others so little, not enough to help with their life burdens. Distrust v a i heavy weight and certain clog. i " You can meet Dave like that. Percy, jok ! ing and laughing ? Yet you told Jessie that j you loved her." ■'I loved him better. A friend is more than the fancy of a flighty girl." ** What a true philosopher you are, you i curly-haired reckless thin?. Andrew Suther land never had m friend ; he never learned to trust his fellow-kind. If he could only buy i com: of your philosophy, Percy." I " No. I'm a regular big mastiff on the corn ! there, Ruth. I wouldn't sell to him." i The three spent the evening together: Dave listening with attentive interest to the un . folding of all Ruth's long thoaght.ont plans. Dendron was to be given to Percy's keeping, reducing its stock, so that the whole super vision by one could be managed, thin saving the manager's salary and realising ready j money for Mrs. Sutherland's dtbut expenses, j When the moon's light came in its winter | whiteness over the black banks of sky shadows, and silvered the homestead roof and : thick growing garden pbrub" outside, the con- j : suiting party came out. I j Dave was returning home, and while i waiting for his horse, they stood in the I sheeny light talking. ■■ Ucmlron loneliness will ?end me udvii tv Moppadully in the summer. I wonder if I shall really be mouse enough to let Rath do this, and live here in borrowi.nl state and isolation, breaking the weeks with a sneaking old- bacholor visit to you and the yellow haired hostesa at Moppadully." "Why not, I'ercy? If you feel at all like this, even now, at the eleventh hour, I will free you from your put. I will go entirely alone." Dave Beams had not spoken, now he looked straight ami eagerly into Mrs. Sutherland's faoe; and as soon as the lad who brought his his horse left them, he passed his arm through the reins and came close to her. " Dear Mr*. Sutherland; let me be with yon in this. I dare not see you go alone, you co worthy, so peerless. Percy is helping yon in his way, let me be something, do something. I would be far happier requiting your gentle friendship in some measure, if it were only by the protection of my presence." "No Dare! It is better for you to be here doing nothing for me; besides you mast think of your future and Jessie." " Bat, Ruth, yoa were always so much to me, and now to see you a wife yet alone and unprotected and uncared for." i "Hush Dave,'dear old Dare. Why will I yon take my pride away like this ? You're made rae cry, and I never really cried over it before." Following the knightly instinct of his j nature, Dave, bareheaded, knelt before her in the moonlight and kissed her tcar-Bplashed, folded hands. | " Take her in Percy—we two know what she if, and what Andrew Sutherland deserves." " Good-night Dave," she interrupted sud denly and half angrily with the sobs still in her voice. The men wrung their right hands in unin vited sympathy, and David Beams rode away. When the two returning 6gnres reached the house shadows a man down by the t≪ garden paling scaled it, unloosed his horse from it and followed with swift pace the rider cantering away towards the Moppadnlly boundary. At the slip-panel Dave, stooping to place the rails on the ground, heard the advancing hoofs and waited—ha thought it most be Percy Dendron. But when the rider came np recognition of him brought such sudden surprise that Dave sprang from his waiting lraning position at the panel post. "Mr Sutherland 1" The man's dark face was drawn and rigidly set, and his eyes gleamed horribly in the misty light. When across the slip-nils he slowly dismounted and came forward. Dave drew back and asked: "Have you come from Dendroc 1" "Yes 1 I saw yoa there." " I did not sec you." ' "No I Knowledge of my locality might have ' interfered with the pretty moonlight tableau I saw just now. Do yon generally ad mit the cousin ?" Dave receded farther from the menacing face and mounted his l:or?e, saying: " You are bound for Moppadully. let us go together, and we will talk. If you arc a sane man to-night, Mr. Sutherland, 1 see there is something for me to say." •' You cur! I followed yon to take your life." Fully three minutes themoonlight shono steadily on them, looking straight into each other's faces and ejes, the slip-rails fallen as Dave left them, and Andrew Sutherland, with his hands gripping Dave's bridle rein, his miserable passionate face uplifted. Slowly the glowing eyes travelled over the young face that looked out brave but boyish from the ■hade cf his soft low hat. and dark brown curls: ostheyunrivetedthem klvh from the true looking eyes above him, he dropped th? rein, and & sudden relaxing came on his *' 1 came for evidence, and God knuws I caw enough. Yet I feel that I will not harm you to-night. lam not a coward, but something is sav ing you; perhaps it is curivsity to hear what you have to say." "I have much t? cay to yon, though till to-night I did not know it myself." Side by side they rode through the moonlit clearings and timber shadows,never speaking, scarce look ing at each other, till the low station dwellings were reached. Then in the firelight cosiness. Dave talked till far into the night, in low and serious voice; in listening, the other suffered so that the perspira tion came often in heavy splashes on his fore head, and his hands trembled helplessly.: " Will you go to her, then, in the morn ing ? " yonng Beams asked, looking back from the doorway before he went out. "I wiBL" " That's good." But that " I will" intention underwent so many amendments and modifications, that ere it was an boar old it had quite changed. A craven fear of what he had himself wrought, and the mental havoc of his past jealous fury were so great, that early dawn saw him sit ting then with a hard, indescribable expres sion, or, rather, want of expression, a vacant stoniness, on his poor, pain-drawn face. He was out among the earliest movers, and soon his horse was brought him; but when across the slip-panel, he did not torn iU head to Dendron homestead. Back with that vacant hardness on his face, and restless haste in manner and movement, he hnrried to the city and his office. Twenty hours after he had left the boundary fence, between Moppadully run and Ruth's home, he was sitting in his great empty house, be fore him were writing materials, and near his right hand lay a newly-purchased pistol, lie wrote some words hurriedly, directed to "Donald Sutherland, Lane-Btreet, Hobait, Tasmania," and calling a boy, sent him to the Telegraph Office with the paper. Then he locked the door, and drew the tiny table toward the fire and sat down, keeping his left hand half closed and resting over the pistol, lie then tried hard to straighten his thinking lever, to put back the crowding succession of quick and varying mental pictures that pes tered him; he wanted to think now, and the blurring, persistent faces confused and half frightened him. The hurry and velocity that had filled him since he left Mop pod ally was now lapsed, and in the calmness he wanted to once face his position. lie could do this physically, but these brain tricks of pictured faces, and vivid, staring memories, harassed his mental exertion, so that fight as he would, they held their places and mocked his will. An old, calm face, framed in white hair, kept first and nearest, its gentle blue eyes tortured him with the steady entreaty of their look. They always entreated and reproved him with that look in life, entreatr to the better part of him and reproof of what shimed her to witness in him the son of so many prayers, and the centre of co much depen dence. Then Donald, as a schoolboy, looking a; him with dark eyes full of boyish awe, sometimes with that later look, half con tempt, half shame, the look he brought with him from Dendron. Pcndron homestead, too, with 10-.v, far stretching fences and gleam ing roof?, its cool plant-climbing corners and i open windows that so often framed Ixr ysung I beauty. Now they are too much for him. Old gray framed face and young dark one fade away in menacing tlownea* to make room lor the proud eyes and gentle face of Kuth his wile. . His hand straightened itself in convulsion, . and bared the little shining thing that waited in deadly inertness the issue ol the passion conflict, lie watched it with eager, mad eyes for a moment, then, shaking and frightened, his head drooped forward and his knees im pelled, perhaps by physical weakness, bat impelled, too, by new Christian humility, sought the floor. " Which wsylflj is Hell; Myself am Hell. Let ins not sofler ~ More—bat teach Thou me!" Oat into the sleety cold streets he went, : walking swift and hard, following only the impelling on—on —an that filled him. No one looked twice at the tall, pale man walking straight and fast, with his coat collar turned up and cap drawn down thelteringly. No one knew that he was fighting a devil, and that a little shining death-laden thing rested against his breast waiting defeat—to be thrown into the street sewer 1 Victory to accomplish its life-taking mission. ■When the little Launceston steamer came alongside the wharf, Donald Sntherland came quickly forward, the telegraphic message in his pocket that had brought him and filled him with disquiet- Two in the crowd Etopped fcfm smiling and holding ont their hands. " Miss Blackham—Beams t" "We came to meet yon. Things are very bad I fear. If I hod only known one iota; if you had given me the smallest clue I could have spared poor lira. Sutherland, and put some sanity into your mad brother—where is he, can you tell us ? " "Andrew 1 No. This is all I know." He showed them the few words, and Dave looked gravely over Jessie's yellow head to young Sutherland's anxious face. " Wait a few hours longer. We're bound to find him to-night; its Buth's appearance night you know." " I don't understand." " Walk back with us. There is no use in going to the office or Toorak. He has not been there for the last s?venty-two hours. He was up at Moppadully with me on Tues day night: you can guess his mission. How ever, all turned out well, and I managed even at this eleventh hour, to put facts clear and tear down some of his mad fiction:. 1 believe the truth and home-driving of his folly, preys more voraciously than hia illu sions and jealousies did. She does not know. When I fcund that he did not go to her as he promised, I followed down here, and, after a vain search, decided to wait for your coming, and Ruth's appearance to-night." A few hours later they faced each other from opposite sides of the little theatre. The lighted stage and full-numbered orchestra, waited for the tenors and sopranos who were advertised to fill up the first part of the even ing's mixed entertainment, with operatic selections. After <*"? the advertisement offered choice recitals and readings, one to be given by a talented lady, who, though a suc cessful and well-known amateur, would here give her smile to a Melbourne audience. One . of the vocal parts would also be token by this gifted debutante ; and it went on further, telling that her singing powers were great and sweet. Andrew Sutherland, wandering in vague bewilderment, in a far away part of the city, read this, and it turned him back. He would see her, sea her and then end it all—some how. They nsdded to each other, when they found him, and then gradnally and systems: .tly converged. They came to him while she njs singing; he did not notice; his shining miser able eyes never left her face. When the last sweet sounds left her lips, and the loud dapping and cries for her reappear ance rose, they caw his right band mcvf stealthily into the breast fold ef his coat. Quick intelligence passed in a look bttween them, and Donald sat himself down on the right hand of the unconscious watcher, while Dave Beams pushing recklessly against die crowded people, worked through the mc&f; and gained the stage passage. "Come to him," he said breathles&y; 10 her. She was waiting by the wings; success mode her eyes radiant and her mouth smile sweetly, but when Dave came, his manner and words changed her. "Dave, what—Andrew?" "Yes, come to him at once." " Does he want me ?" There was eagerness of wife love in lKr face and voice, but the hesitancy of injured pride in her words. , "Rath, don't think of anything now. Come to him, if yon co ont there again I believe that he will shoot you too." " Oh, I will go—l will go. Oh, Andrew !" Dave quickly put her leng gray cloak on her, and fastened its band round her jewelled throat, her own hands were shaking and helpless. She covered her coroncted hair with a clow seal cap, and with fleet steps and white face, sped beside him through tic dim passage. No thought of hex task, the waiting people, her just tasted cup of golden success; only Andrew, poor passion- enslaved Andrew, her husband. Donald moved back for her, and she eat quietly in his place. The dark, watching eyes were on the empty stage, lib right hand was raised and hidden in the coat flap: the <na/re calls were gradually subsiding, and his iutentness was such, that he seemed rigid and insensitive to feeling or hearing, all absorbed in the stealthy waiting. When the noise lulled, a group came forwaid to the footlights, arranged for chorus; with out scanning, even seeing them, hia eyes dropped and turned to her face so close there watching him. They did not speak; the four were dumb; the two men waiting bcliind; and tho two looking each into the eyes of the other. P She put her hand out in quiet entreaty and laid it on his coatsieeve, and the watchers behind flashed a glad interchange of looks, when they saw his hand leave its hiding place, and gently and stealthily lay some thing slender and shining in her lap. The singing goes on, faces come and go before the audience who talk, dap, and crush against each other in close difcomtort, unknowing of the real tragedy in their midst. The strain is too much for convene. Xo word is spoken till they are ont in the street. The winter moonlight shows the thinning crowd around, and their pole, sad faces: Iluth stands dose to her husband and his face is raddest of all, and humbled as none had ever before seen it. Donald too stands dose. Those two feel that they have recovered him from the grave; his piteous eyes tell them how near and dark that grave was, and how grateful ha is for the rcsurnction, the twofold resurrection, and not the lesser that into new mental life. Pave Beams brought a cab to the tab, and from tho Beat beside the driver, called out—" Boom for four! " " Where are you going, Itnth? " " With you Andrew—always with yon." His hands hot with recent ferer anil suff ering clasp hers, and in the mist light that they drive through on their way to their old Toorak home, her eves thine glad radiancr, and her ears listen to his loriog, grateful words. TUE ISD. Come out, and >how jenr better self, •?ur la£ while others run ; There's not an hoetr, or day, but *&!&. Something that may be do*—> " mt en wons miM an irai, nmsa or tm mm cooutm or m imm wr' met, when he bluntly told him the truth in re- I gard to his eldest son Steve and Annie. Steve had cjnfi>?ed to his father, and on the latter refusing to sanction a marriage nf two ' such poop!.-, he hitd ni:i away—John knew j not where, nor. sai.l ho. Jid "he care. The ] fact is John want.-.l hi* ?on to irinrry tlie daughter of n neiphbourim; nttkr who was well in. Arctic's rai-e wi* Jrrriblr. Never had a stigma r?>=t-il upin l:i? family until i now. It seem?.! h:? Companion had pro- ' pared this in orjor to nerve him to the terrible j deed that ho daily nvgrsted. And he went I home to do that <lrrJ. I approach now scenes ot an extraordinary and supernaturr.l character, narrated as they were told zap by the chiof, and I must pre mise I offer r.o explanation. Whether, as the materialist!! wiil hold, Archie's visions were the offspring of a naturally morbid mind, tho morbidity of which was intensified by the delirium that follows excess, or they were really visitations from the Dread and I'mecti Lind, I cannot say. But to Archie they were real. Christmas Pay opened with a fearful con flict of the elements. Clouds black as Erebus j shut ont the sun, lightnings lit up the gloomy panorama, and terrific thunders reverberated from peak to peak, and the rain came down in a deluge- Archie awoke to laugh and ges ticulate and drink. Katie, ill and feverish, was to look after the house, and to make pre parations to go out with the sheep. She had gone op to the cave during the night and left provisions with Annie, who talked of walking to a distant place, to which she thought Steve, her still dear Steve, had gone. Six days passed: six days ot storm and rain, during which poor Katie herded the flock and tended her father. What the brave little soul suffered during that I will not distress the reader by relating. Annie had j gone off to the town, and she was left alone in this awful solitude with her half mad father. But throughout that fiery trial there stood by her One who never fails those who trust in Him. But on New Year's Eve she came home, how she knew not, tottering, worn out, and lay down on her couch, sever to rise again. Not a drop was wanting to fill the cup of her sorrows. Her father had been wotking at the musical box, and it would not give forth a note. And as she lay on her couch, faint and dazed, she saw that he looked at her in a manner that was more like that of a fiend than a man. But nature was exhausted, and (he sank into s heavy sleep, the precursor of that to which there is no waking. , Archie sat and drank, and became more j insane every hour. He knew the terrible hour was approaching, when all -would be j over, and be gloated over it. The rain had cleared away, and as the even ing wore on the moon rose, and her light streamed into the room, touching lovingly the fevered face of the little girl, almost too beautiful for earth. The man's candle had gone out. He looked at his daughter and shook his head. Opposite to him sat the Companion. He could not tell whit he was like; his face changed so often. Sometimes it appeared that of a youth, but on whose fair face was every mark of sin and crime. Again it was a dark and grim countenance that of a man in the prime of bis evil day;. But occasionally it was the face of death! a grimy skull, from tke eyesockets of which came a livid blue flame, that made the light turn pale. Bat in ell phases it was horrible; too horrible for even th? imagination of a Blake or a !>ori-. Not unfreiiuently it as sumed a likecess to that of tome of Archie's companions in sin—dead now and damned; and then it was core terrible than ever. These Archie would address, and he would receive replies, heard bynor.e bet himself, but none the less real. The Companion pointed to the bedroom and Archie obeyed. For a time he could not sleep. To his sur prise, the Companion vanished and was not to be seen. This dreadfully alarmed him; the perspirationbrokcoutaponhim in stream*. The silence and darkness, acd loneliness was terrible. At last he fell into a troubled slumber, Rich as alcne visit men in his state. It did not last long. He woie feeling an unntterable horror, woke to see a form at his bedside such as we should pray never to sec. The form of one frcm the grave, loathsome beyond words, clothed in a shroud of purple flame, all the passions of the realm of pain graven upon its dread features. Then the man knew his hour was come; that at last he was to receive his reward acd to be num bered with those who arc lost for ever! " Come," said the Fcrm in a voice that seemed to come millions of miles—deep, sfpnlchral, unearthly. A cold hand was laid upon his—a hand the touch of which Dent through bis frame the tortures ot the region whence this figure came. To this day the rnnn shows that hwr"l t now partially paralysed with a livid weal upon ila palm. The figure led him to the room where wee Kate lay strngglin; with the disease that was so soon to claim one of the fairest flowers of earth—a fate hastened by exposure and anguish of the past few days. The moon beams had crept and now illuminated the sweet little face, now as pale as the snow riower, now flushed and pink. The little breast heaved rapidly, the breath came and went in flickers. On a little table by the couch was placed her musical box: dumb when iv owner wished to much to hear its tiny but beloved voice. But there were more than the three in that room. The awestruck mas now face to face with the door that his Companion had pre ferred, saw the place was full of companies. The dead were there crowding each other, mocking, moving, grinning, crowding aruund the little sleeper. Fores were there whidi belonged not to this earth nor to the land of ghosts; fiends from the depths of perdition come to see the final act in the tragedy that was to give them a brother. It seemed to him the figure guided his hands to the box containing the razor, opened it, and placed the implement in his hands. Its steel blade glittered with a horrible blue in the moonlight. Then the figure spoke to him in that voice from the grave, and told him how good it was, how well designed. He would terminate in one moment his life, and that of the child he loved so dearly. The world would hear of the d- ed, and his revenge be complete. To their dying day it would Cc a reproach to Annie and the Wilsons. And when the deed was over, all would be peace, peace for evermore, the peace and silence of the grave ! How the ghosts and their dread comrades laughed. And yet he approached the couch. Hestocped down and looked at the thin wasted form of the child he loved so well; he examined the fair young neck. And thea^ "Father, father"," •all wee Katie, raising herself up ■""* throwing her arsu around his neck. "All is well now. I have no fear, I know yon will yet be happy. The angels hare been with me to-night, and mother, dear mother, has been here. And they sang to me, oh, so sweetly, better than my poor box, mj poor dumb box. Father, promise me when I am gone to trust in the dear God who has been >o good to me, who loves you to much, and who died for.you. Oh, father, he is not the awful God yon think. lie is all love and forgiveness. Believe in Him, father, believe in Him, as I do!" ■" ' What sound was this? The raxor dropping on the floor, the man's knees as he knelt down by the couch. What change was this coming? Were his eyes deceiving turn ? The horrible shadows of the night vanished, and in their place appeared some beautiful and gracious forms, clad in robes of light. Every moon beam had its bright vision, beaming with heaimly love upon the wretched msscr. "Katie, Katie,"he cried; "Thereisachange. The stone seems to have fallen out of my heart, the shadow is lifted off my soul. And yet hot a few moments sines"—hero he shuddered—" I was in hell, in the midst of the spirits of the devil and damned." " God has beard me, father, that is all," said the child in reply- He moved to get nearer to the couch. As he did so his foot struck against tke table,' it swayed, and the little box fell on to the ground. What was the cause I know not; bnt he tall must have started the machinery, for it at once commenced to play, its clear, silvery cotes ringing through the chamber. : " There it is father," the chiM cried in cestacy, " the voice from Heaven. I'on't you hear it father?" Kir.R U,o 1...11.4! { Hravon. tbcro Uiov t^J.v; K..r . soul retuniitiK fmn, tin- ?iM ! ' I N- ll]f ralVr nwts him oat uwu tlii> ??v, Wrlmminc hi, ,o,rv. ?.,,J f rin? child '. " j i;l"tyl(sl..rv!l,n?-tli.:.ii.g,UMrg. • ilnry : (il.,nr • how the 1,.;,J h?r).< rinj! I Ti? th.- rnnsninct array like .■> mislUy ?i, I'i-ilirg f.,rth the untlicm of tlw Vx\\-e '. V?! Kin; the Bolls of Heaven! for the Inns <Urk- ] ness is over, the fath't'r has returned to lire and light, the daughter is about to enter where is neither sorrow nor pain nor wear ness nor tears, lling the Bell* ~t Heaven! King out the pea! of ihc spirits born a^ain. iv this world and i i that which is to come. People came in and stood arojnd the l>cil ; bat the father noticed them not; the rcpt'nt : ant Annie, whose lover had met her, the dear boy Willie, who had returned with them to see his little sifter. Tor a time she rallied, i clasping the hand* of her dear ! rothcr. her restored father. But when his -ift came to that air which it had played the night her mother died, the Messenger nppcaicd, the wings of the Aogcls nestled in the room. "She is here," naid wee Katie, looking up wards, at a moonbeam that lovingly rested ; upon the musical bos. •• I hear her, I hear ; her. Ah! there it is "— : Home swret home, ..or bume f..r ever, Welcomed home to nudrr never. ; Saved thronsh Jnuf—tXmao at latt. 