WHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN EXPECTED. J»Y M1IS. LTiANK M'CAUTUY. Osb wild March night, not many years ago, two young men walked rapidly through the main street of a crudc Western settlement. There was little attempt at paving, as the place seemed to be scooped out of the solid rock which hemmed it in. The width of the street wasascrious drawback to its distinction. The houses on cither side, slanting down from the hills behind them, dilapidated, de tachcd, and with little or no attempt at archi tecture, becamc more insignificant by the long distances which separated them and their grim surroundings. An icy wind, that grew more aud more violent at night-fall, congealed all inclination for conversation hut the younger of these pilgrims muttered through his chattering teeth, ' God-forsaken, beastly hole, Max 1' ' Not altogether,' replied his companion. 44 Look yonder, Tom !' The wind, increasing in velocity, drove be fore it the murky clouds that had' rested upon the jagged hill-tops, and all at oncc could be seen a hundred martial, maritime, and gro tesque shapes clearly defined upon the sky Myriads ot stars began to glow with wonder ful brilliancy, but the younger traveller gazed longingly upon the minor lights of the rail road depot that shone hopefully in the dis taucc. The wide portico of a country store loomed in sight; cheerful arrays of patent medicines with their gaudy placards adorned the windows ; the battered and broken-nosed figure of an Indian maiden insured the pre sence of tobacco to the way-worn traveller — and Tom began to soften with these signs of approaching civilisation. 41 We'll soon shake the dust of this wretched place from our feet, Max,' he said. 41 I've had a nasty presentiment hanging over me all day that something would happen here; but there's the blessed old flaming eye of the en gine at last.' It all happened in a quarter of a minute, even as Tom rpokc. A waggon c^inc rapidly down the steep cross-street, the driver vainly endeavoring, as he saw an old woman on the crossing, to arrest the speed of his vehicle ; his beast was intelligent enough to aid him in this endeavor, but the grade was steep, and the- old woman stumbled. Max sprang for ward just in time to lift her to her feet. As he rose to his own tbe shaft of the wagon gave him a rough poke upon the leg, which made him wince for a moment, but he carried his light burden to the corner, where she struggled down out of his arms, saying, in the weak, tremulous quaver of age, ' Thank ye, thank ye, young man,' and hobbled away upon her stick in the gloom. The 'man in the waggon called out : ' All right, boss ? Nobody hurt, I reckon ? ' 41 All right — nobody hurt,' echoed Max, and the waggon went rattling on. The old woman had already disappeared ; the engine was belching forth flame and steam only a few rods away. In less than five minutes Tom was filling the brackets over their heads in the car with their travelling traps, and singing softly. 41 1 got broke at playing pl%cr, Throe of a kind.' This was Tom's favorite pa-an of joy. He never got beyond the one line and there! rain, but these seemed to sufiicc him. He broke off shortly, however, upon looking at his com panion. Max was deathly pale, a white quiver about his mouth had a premonition of ghastly faintness about it. ? 44 Hallo, old fellow,' cried Tom, 44 you wore | hurt, after all ; take a swig of this.' I He poured some liquor down the throat of Max from a little brown flask, which quickly brought him round, but Tom remained anxious. 44 Where's the trouble, Max ? ' lie said. 44 Only a blow on the leg,' said Max. 'I shouldn't \vondcr if there was a black and blue spot there as big as your hand ; but that's all. I'm tired and hungry; let's cat something.' They fell to upon a little supper which Tom brought from the recesses of his travel ling bag. The train started on, Max re gained his fine florid complexion. Presently he let his head rest upon his beard, and closed his eyes in a light and easy slumber. Tom drew a breath of relief. The train in creased in speed. As it went spinning east ward the very cockles ol poor Tom's heart warmed at the thought of home. He pulled up the collar of his overcoat, extended his feet upon tbe luxurious upholstery of the seat ahead, folded his hat into a pillow, and was 6oon mingling his humble snore with the con tinuous rattle and occasional shriek of the railway irain. With the morning came an amelioration of the cold, but it brought with it fog and mud. The nine miles' ride at the close of the second day, over an uneven country in a lumbering stage-coach, wrung sometimes from Max an exclamation that was nearly akin to a groan ; liis leg had been a little stiff when he got off the train. Tom thought it was the awkward position in which he had slept. He began now to be of the opinion that a touch of rheumatism might be at tbe bottom of the trouble. ' We'll give it a rub with some of Aunt Em's liniment when we get home,' said Tom, with a soft inflection upon the last word. Tom wouldn't have behoved it possible he could have been so ridiculously glad to get back to stupid old Bamesville ; he had been so grateful to get away from it, at that time, he Yiad made up his mind that in the whole range of the States he could not tumble upon a duller, more perversely stagnant and ex asperating spot than the village of which liis father was so proud. It nettled him beyond endurance after he got back from college to sec his father stand with his back to the dining-room grate, his hands folded beneath his coat tails, and hold forth by the hour upon the potty themes discussed in the City Council, of which he was an influential mem ber. A sword hung conspicuously over the mantel'-picce, M'hich seemed to Tom to crown the absurdity of the scene. The little atten tion Tom had given to the sanguinary ancients during his collegiate course increased his con tempt for the regiment of. home guards at Bamesville, of which his father was the colo nel, and the approach of Washington's birth day quickened Tom's decision to join his friend Max Beh'ng in that venture out in the mining districts. ' Why, you'd better stay till after the twen ty-second,' said Aunt Em, who was busy with silken flags and rosettes at a side tabic. 44 Merry's coming home from school on purpose, you know.' 41 Yes,' said the colonel, 41 1 thought it judicious to send for America — in — a — fact, I believe she is to personate', the Goddess of Liberty ; she is tall for her age, you know.' Yes, Tom knew she was taller at fourteen than most girls at twenty. He was exceed ingly fond and proud of his sister, but he went nevertheless. Tomleit Bamesville without a single regret and vowed in his heart that many a year should go by before he should again see the -white houses and green blind?, and little front gar dens, and neat palings, and slender saplings of elms and ash-trees and maples that at stated distances marked so many miles of his father's domain. This young lad of twenty, in the innocencc and arrogance of youth, thought of many a lively joust and tournament that awaited him yonder, which made the present placid surroundings insipid beyond degree. Five years had gone by, aud he was coining back again, with a lively respect for the flesh pots of. Egypt. He had spent all the money left him by his dead mother, a considerable sum loaned him by his father, not to mention some little savings of Aunt Em's. He had spent all this money, and was coming back for more. Yet he had not been given to riotous living. Heaven knew the simple fare upon which he had served, the rough raiment he had worn. The money had all gone in unfortunate ven tures iu the mining districts. His friend Max had risked and lost even more than Tom. Fortune was a ficklc jade, and had led them a sad dance, but at last she had warmed to their favour, and now the tido had tur ned. All this new investment wanted was a little more capital and their fortunes were made. His father had a clcar head for business; it would be an easy matter to assure him that the venture was a safe one, and at last the future would bo sccurcd. Tom thought this all over as they jogged along in the stage coach, and as the familiar old landmarks be gan to appear he put down his coat collar, brushed .his hat with his sleeve, pulled his pantaloons down over his boots, and began to iccl tbat he was Thomas Jefferson Barnes, the only son of Colonel Barnes of Bamesville. His dark, thin, eager face grew more and more jubilant as the fine fertile lands of the old homestead were passed. Acre after acre of orchard and meadow and woodland were pointed out as the property of Colonel Barnes, and presently the jaded horses began to pull up the hill to the big, square, newly painted mansion that crowned its summit. A crim Kon flame from the setting sun burned in each window-pane, a brand-new flag floated from a new flag-staff, aud a second portico and observatory had been added to the already fine and bedizened building. A few hours later the elder of our pilgrims found himself arrayed in the one extra suit that he had worn upon state occasions for an incredible period of time — a sack coat and pantaloons of blue flannel, and a high mili- tary vest ; indeed, the whole appearance of Max smacked of the martial. His skin was bronzed by exposure ; cvpn his hair had been toned by the elements to a dozen different shades of reddish-brown. His shoulders were square, and liis big shapely head had a trick of inclining forward upon his beard, which somewhat detracted from his extraordinary height, but gave him, the colonel thought, a Napoleonic air of deliberation and distinction. The colonel was positive that Max had seen some sort of service ; the stiffness in his leg was immediately accounted for by the fretting of an old wound. Tom humored this fancy, but begged his father not to mention it in the presence of his friend, as he was particularly sensitive upon this point. ' Modest attributes that very commonly belong to heroic natures,' acquiesced the colonel. He was standing in his old attitude before the drawing-room grate, his feet far aptrt, his hands beneath the tails of his coat. Mas was tormented by an idea that the colo nel closely resembled a hoary sheep that had been a pensioner upon the mining camp for many years — the peculiar triangular shape of his head, which -was pointed at the bottom, long and narxowf clean shaven and bald ; the expression of the face, bland, timid, depreca ting, yet persistent ; even the blatant tones of his voice, which went beyond Max, and reached a small, daintily creased, neat, and dapper gentleman, who had been introduced as Mr. Fry, a prominent lawyer in a neighboring city, and a candidate for the Legislature. Max found his feet sinking into a fine velvet carpet, and above his head the ceiling was frescoed in what he supposed was tlie prevail ing style of the day. Chandeliers of crystal shed rivers of Jijjht upon striking pictures in gorgeous franvs, upon the satin, brocatellc, and ebony of the furniture ; and even as Max's eyes rested upon one of the heavily bc laced and upholstered windows that lined the apartment, it resolved itself into the door, through which glided a tall slender girl, with bare shoulders, and magnificent black eyes that rendered tho rest of her face pale by con trast. Her ears and neck, arms and fingers, Max thought, wore disfigured hy chains aud rings, and when he took her out to dinner, his etift leg became awkwardly entangled in her long train. The weather-beaten red in his cheeks deepened, and he did not know how much ho was disconcerted until Miss America begged of him not to begin to ha to her for the accident. Max bowed with scant and stiff courtesy, and wondered how this young woman with the ridiculous name of America could be the little sister that Tom so adored. She talked too much, and as if she had known Max for years (which she had, in truth, through her brother's letters) ; sho was overdressed and too handsome, and too conscious of a loveli ness that Max never could admire ; she was able to stare a fellow out of countenance, and , it was very difficult to take up the thread of conventional chitchat when one had been buried in the heart of a canon for five years, | which any sensible girl would know, and not stare, and not chattcr. ' Of the Goddess of Liberty style,' Max paid, scornfully, to himself. He was puzzled tu keep up with tho routine of the meal, which was not only in courses, but served with too many silver and cut-glass accom paniments for tho simple convenience of Max Beling. The variety ot forks alone became a study to him. If America could only have known the cause of his vexation and abstrac tion, it might have sa^cd her a deal of future trouble ; she would have begun by pitying him, perhaps despising him ; but Tom had led her to form an exalted conception of his friend's character, which her own extrava gant imagination had completed. When poor Max was puzzling over the peculiar shape of one of his extra forks, America thought he was deep in some abstruse problem in metaphysics or mining machinery; in the meanwhile the furtive and disturbed glances she bestowed upon bim were interpreted into pity and ridicule by Max, and so these two really sympathetic and congenial natures misjudged each other. Nevertheless, each dreamed of the other all nightanatural sequence to their discomfort in each other's society. To Max it took the shape of nightmare. He dreamed that he was stretched upon the rack fof refusing to disclose a state secret, and that the beautiful America, attired in a decollete costume of alternate stripes of red, white, and blue bunting, presided at the instrument of torture, lie awoke to find that his leg was becoming the theatre of some posi tive suffering. It was sore to the touch just below the knee, and the red spot which had formed there was increasing in size. In spite of every effort to the contrary he was compelled to relinquish his desire to walk over the estate after breakfast, and to accept the ignominious | alternative of a drive in America's pony-phac- ! ton. Ho felt bigger than the pony and heavier ! than the phaeton, and what witn a vague un easiness about his leg, and the presence of the lady executioner in his dream, he was in no humour to enjoy the drive. He was relieved, however, to find that America did not begin to chattcr, and that she wore a quiet sensible sorb of suit buttoned up to the throat, with hat of some neutral color to match. Her hair was | brushed back and caught in a simple knot in her neck, so that, as she drove, Max could readily admire the exquisite proportions of her head. The morning was fine and breezy ; the pony, seemingly undisturbed by his extra load trotted cheeringly along, shaking his shaggy mane, and making a merry rattle with his hoofs on the excellently conditioned road. 1 The village waB left speedily behind and they I soon entered a woodland path where in the j nude branches of the trees premature and amatory songsters were already prospecting I for nests. The moss about the old gnarled roots looked fresh and green and in a sheltered I nook Max pointed out to America the first vio- ' lets of the season. She threw him the reins, i and, as sho camc back to Max and gave the frail blossomsto his keeping, he began to thaw 1 with the rest of nature, and to talk in a way that was new to America, but delightful. At first she thought he was trying to suit himself to subjects that she could understand, his dis course was so simple and natural ; but she soon gave up conjecturing, and yielding her self to the enjoyiueut of the hour, became as natural and as simple as himself. In tliis way they grew to understand each other before many miles had been trotted over, and Max now fully at his ease and with a strange sense of happiness hitherto unknown to him, even went so far as to tell her of his dream of the night before. 44 1 assure you, Miss Barnes,' he said, 44 you really did give an extra screw to the torture with your own hands. I can feel it in this miserable joint of mine yet.' She looked upon Max with an expression of such sweet compassion that he hastened to add ; 44 I'm glad of the extra wrench that disabled me, for otherwise 1 should have been trudging over hald and boggy fields with your father and Tom, instead of exploring this exquisite bit of woodland with you.' 41 It is strange, but I also dreamed of you,' said America, gravely. 44 Oh, did you, indeed ? Well, bo as frank as I was, and tell me of your dream.' 44 It was too ridiculous,' said America ; and Max saw the color creep into her clear pale check. To his confusion, he felt his own be ginning to tingle. 44 Could it have been more ridiculous than mine ? ' ho said geutly. 41 In another way,' she replied. 44 1 dreamed that yourcscuod mc from something horrible.' Here she blushed deeper, and paused. 44 A dragon ? ' said Max, with ill- concealed curiosity. And she replied that it was not a dragon.; and by that time they were trotting up the avenue of poplars, and soon Max saw her disappear up the broad staircaBc. Tom was coming down. Max saw that he was i pale and disturbed. 44 1 must have a talk with you,' said Tom ; 1 44 let's take a turn about tbe grounds.' Then, noticiug that Max limped painfully, 44 The devil I' he exclaimed ; 44 that's an other confounded nuisance that must be seen to at oncc.' Then he took Max's arm, and helped him up the stairs to the guest-chamber he had slept in the uight before. Tom shut and barred the door, and coming close to liis frieud, who had thrown himself with an air of exhaustion into an arm-chair, he said, in a tone of suppressed wrath and disappointment : 44 There's no hope here, Max — nothing but a hodge-podge of ruin and desolation. My father is next door to a bcggcr.' Ma^ bore this news with resignation. He had been thinking while limping up the stairs i that all that spoiled America was the natural ! meretricious consequence of being rich. 44 1 spoke to my father,' continued Tom, ** right after breakfast, determining to have | the thing settled at once, and he confessed to me that it is merely hanging on by a thread so far as he is concerned — that everything is mortgaged to the hub, and the depreciation in real estate has made most of the mortgages fairly cover the property. Itis only the peculiar and lucky relation that this little sharper of a Fry holds to the family that saves everything from going to the hammer. Fry holds all the mortgages, and is lenient about the interest, as well lie may be. He's got some monoy himself, and has the haudling of a quantity more through a rich old grandmother out West. When he marries Merry, this whole property will come into his hands.' 44 Whon ho what ? ' said Max, suddenly leaping out of a soil of lethargy that had crept over him. ' When he marries America, auy sister,' , said Tom. 44 Fortunately for my father he has a daughter beautiful and wise enough to keep the wolf at bay. It's a lucky thing for Merry she's not the kind of girl to hobnob with poverty. SI:'?'!! sec to my father and Aunt Em, As for mc, the pick and pan nf a minor — But what in thunder — hey ' Mas, my boy ! ' Max was shaking and chattering in a con gestive chill ; his face was livi-i ; his nails purple, Tom got his friend to bed, and sent for a doctor at once. Max scrambled out ol the chill into a fever. 'Some trouble with the bone,' said.the doctor. u Brings about a nasty complication sometime*. Keep tho patient quiet just now.' Which was easier recommended than done. Max tossed and tumbled and talked wildly, and with an unnecessary form of patriotism, Tom thought, about Amcrica and the Goddess of Liberty. 41 I'll save her, Tom,' whispered Max — 44 I'll save her if I die for it. I did oncc, you know.' 44 Save who, my poor Mar ? ' said Tom. . 44 Why' the Goddess, you know — tho God dess of Liberty 1 She's turning the screws again in that accursed rack, but she don't know it. Who would have believed ske could have been so pimple and womanly and sweet ? — as fresh and pure, before Heaven, Tom, as tho violets she held in her hand. I hated her by gas-light in her low dress, with all those gewgaws about her.' Tom saw that his sister's facc was red and pale by turns, ' Perhaps you'd better go out , of the room, Merry,' he said. 4k God only I knows what fancies beset his brain.' Merry i thought she knew; she fancied she could tell I of a certain Venetian va9e that hold the very violets Max raved about. The violets in the Venetian vase wore dead ; others had taken their place ; March ripened into April, and April was fast verging to May, and still poor Max was a prisoner in that fine luxurious upper chamber in the colonel's house at Bamesville. His leg had all this time been under treatment, and the doctor thought it possible by a series of probings and applications to effect a temporary cure. 44 The core of the disease will probably remain for a longerpcriod,' said the physician, 44 but the physique of the patient will bring him round when he can get air and exercise.' 44 Max's fine physique, however, began to be rather against him than in his favor. The doctor leaned to the opinion that he would prefer a more sanguine temperament. In the meanwhile the most of Miss America's time was spent in the vicinity of the sick-chambei. A wonderful aptitude as a nurse had developed itself in this versatile young woman, and she had even shown a rare ability in concocting broths and dainties to tempt a jaded appetite. As usual, she devoted herself to this new hobby with enthusiasm. 44 She gives her whole heart to everything she undertakes,' said the colonel, apolo getically, to a visitor who had called several times and found it impossible to sec the daughter of the house; 44 but this mania will spend itself like all the rest, and then she won't want to hear of a sick person for a twelvemonth.' , The colonel's auditor smiled complacently, and began to talk of other things. Although , there was something amounting to a betrothal : between himself and the lady in question, his mind also was preoccupied and absorbed. An unlooked- for complication had arisen in his , own affairs. His grandmother had altered her will, and left more than two-thirds of her property in a way that might occasion Mr. Fry considerable trouble. Ho was compelled t» go out and 6cc the old lady, and had oallcd to bid Merry a brief farewell. Under these circumstances the young woman consented to come down. She left the hot hand of Max . and his eager, devouring eyes, for the cool, clammy palm and the foxy gaze of her pro mised husband. Merry found, as they stood together, that she really was a half head taller than Mr. l'ry, ns Max had once laugh ingly told her. She looked down ujion the dapper little man with grave courtesy, and left her hand in his own, but ho saw that her manner was constrained and her attention wandering. 41 1 won't keep you from your studies, America,' Jie spid ; 44 I'm in somewhat of a hurry myself ; I must catch tho noon train.' Then he went on to tell her that his interests with his grandmother were seriously threat ened, and his presence was ncocssary out there for a short period ; that he would write, and he hoped she would find time to reply. , America promised she would write, and began for the first time since their engagement to find it absolutely repugnant to her to have his thin lips touch her own. He was ordinarily a cold, unimpassioncd wooer, and was not a whit warmer now than usual ; but custom required that lie should kiss her good-bye. America yielded to the brief caress, but it was only when he was well out on the portico, with his hat on, and barely time to catch the train, that her manner warmed teethe occa sion or the impatient crimson abated in her cheeks. On her way back to Max's chamber she stopped in her own, and laved her facc, her lips, and washed well her hands. She met the doctor in the corridor, and behind him was evidently another professional gentleman. They both walked gravely and silently down the stairs to the lower hall, where the colonel was jmcing to and fro, his hands beneath his coat tails. 44 Ahem ! '{coughcd the colonel, sympathet ically. 44 What is the ultimatum ? ' j 44 Just as I said,' replied the family physi cian : an amputation is necessary to save the paticut's life ; but he objects— strenuously and violently refuses.' Merry ran up the stairs without waiting to hear more, and found her brother Tom sitting hy the bedside, his face buried in liis hands. 44 Here is your sister, Tom,' said Max, with a warning inflection in his voice, and holding out liis hand to the young girl with his usual cheery smile. 44 You needn't try to couccal anything from mc,' she said. 44 1 know all about it ; I am studying inediciue and surgery, and mean to be a physician. Now that the worst has come, we can meet it bravely. You'll get well and strong, and be yourself agaiu, Max; and, after all, an old soldier surely don't mind the loss of a leg.' Then Tom, seeing a look of distress in Max's face, told Merry for the first time of the rescue of the old woman. 44 If she had been young, or oven pretty,' groaned Tom ; 44 but she was a veritable witch—there was something uncanny in her whole appearance, and no doubt she held an infectious curse about her. Her old bones might better have been ground to powder than to have brought all this about, for she hadn't long to live in any case ; but Max was always reckless.' 44 You'd have done the same thing,' said Max, 4iif I had not anticipated you.' 44 1 wish I had,' cried Tom— 44 1 wish lo heaven it was I that had to choose between my leg and my life ; the leg would ga mighty quick i' 44 Your leg is of less consequence to you, per haps, and your life more,' said Max, 44 The one would be useless to mc without the other, aud both are of little account. You know, Tom, that 1 haven't a relative or friend out side of yourself.' Here Tom saw that his sister had reached the door, and was beckoning him out of tbe room. 'Yonimwl upon ahorse,' she said, when the door was clo3ed upon the sick- chamber, 44 and go down to the city, and bring those doc tors back with you before night. The opera tion must be performed atonoe ; and tell them to get more doctors if ncccssary — to spare no expense. I've— I've got money of mamma's you know, Torn,' she stammered, gently — 44 thnt dear mamma left ine for my own.' - Tom nodded. That money of their dead mother's was bound logo in some way. 44 But Max has not consented,' said Tom. 41 It dosen't matter,' said Merry ; 44 It must be done. He'll know nothing about it till all is over. Do you go after the doctors, and I'll see to the rest.' U seemed to Tom that the remaining hours of that day went by like a queer, awful dream. He remembered bringing the doctors stealthily in, and becoming conscious of a faint odor — sickening, sweet, overpowering — that filled i Jic room immediately afterward, of holding his sister tight in his arms in the adjoining chamber while something terrible was going on inside there, and during an agonizing ten sion of his nerves, later on, hearing a terrible cry burst from tho lips of poor Max. 44 Gracious God!' he groaned, ' whose work was this ? ' 'Mine!' said Merry. ' Did you think X would let you die?' It would have taken a stronger man than '4H Max to have turned away frpm that beautiful, earnest, pallid face now caressingly close to his own. Tom looked on in speechless and H rapt dismay, rciucmbcringhisfather'sperilous S plight. H Max* reinained dazed and bewildered, but B after that first outcry made no complaint. H Tbe operation was eminently successful. The fl doctors rubbed their hands over it, and eulo« H gized the system, the patient, each other, B everythingand everybody concerned. A speedy I convalescencc and radical riddancc of the I whole disorder was prophesied. But days ? went by— weeks— a nfonth and more and still m Max lay under the silken canopy, his facc &6 j^k waxen and weak-veined as that of a sick in fant, his eyes unnalurally bright and hollow, his hands feverish, and his whole aspect fit$o strike terror to the hearts that remained steadfastly but despairingly fond. 44 Life is sweet, Tom,' Max said one 41 1 never thought it could hold so much happi^^^^H ncss ; but you see, I can't, I must not live — it^^^^J would be too cowardly ; there's no other way out of it but to die. Would you sec your in comparable sister tied for life to a pauper and a cripple — the wife of a one-legged Hag- man at a railway crossing, or accompanying his efforts with a hurdy-gurdy upon a tambourine? Then remember the desperate condition of your father. My good Tom, it is a hopeless case.' It was along speech for poor Max. Great beads started out on his forehead, and his voicc had sunk to a whisper before he was half through with it. But it told the whole story. ' We might take Merry's money into con sideration,' said Tom, then paused, remember ing the insuflicient quantity there was to take. Tom plunged his hands deeper into his hair, and wished there was p. bank somewhere ad jacent and he was an A I tip. top burglar with an clastic conscience. He felt positive that only a few thousand dollars would develop the mine to such an extent that another leg would be a superfluity to Max. One magnificent morning in June, Nature was at her happiest, at her best. ? The long windows of Max's chamber were opened to the full ; the branches of tho sycamores tem pered the rays of the sun and subdued the frolic of tbe breeze. A cclestial silence reigned in the garden below, where the tulips blazed, the pinks exhaled spicy odors, stiff parterres of blossoms were made wanton by bees and butterflies, and pale phantoms of statues were . robed and relieved by a prodigality of reflected color and nhade ; the birds sang, the bees hum med, all in an under-tone of dreamy delight. But the pale lips of Max broke into an old V rhyme that somewhat marred the voluptuous ? case of the moment : v OU, ta think my name is crossed From duty's muster-roll — That 1 may slumber through the clnriou call, \ And live tbe joy of au embodied soul, Free as a lilieratod ghost ! Oh, to feel a life of deed Was emptied out to feed That fire of pain that burned s-» brief a while — That fire from M'hich J como as the. dead como Forth from the irreparable tomb !' Two human beings in the next room looked at each othei in speechless dismay. Tom shook his head, and let it fall, with a gesture ot despair, upon his hand again; and Mehry, to control her nerves picked up a paper that had lain upon the table since the previous day. A sealed letter, addressed by the same hand, had remained there even longer. They were both from the Western town where Mr. Fry was still sojourning. His grandmother had died in the interim, which palliative calam ity threatened further complications and a lon ger delay. Merry opened the paper and read it with her eyes alone ; the nerve that connect ed the organ of vision with her brain was dor mant and paralyzed. The advertisements, being in largery print, she read first. Presently her eyes fell upon the following ; 44 If the tail, brown- whiskered j^ntlemau who, on tho evening of the 18ih of March, near the depot at ? , rescued au old lady from being ruu over, and immediately after ward, with his compauion, took the train cast ward, will communicate with H. K. Fry, so licitor, he will hear of something greatly to his advantage.' Merry read this over several times, some times ropcatiug the words half aloud to get their meaning, her eyes gradually gaining in telligence and expression. Then she turned to the neglected letter snd broke the seal. Her hands trembled, and her lips parted eager ly, She drifted over the letter till she reached the following passage : 44 Aud this, dear Ameri ca, is the story the absurd old lady told : that while crossing the street she stumbled, and a waggon rattling down the hill would have in | cvitably gone over her had it not been for this tall deliverer, who seized her in his arms and carried her to the corner; that he was himself struck hy the polo of the waggon, but appar ently unhurt, took the eastward train. And to this mythical knight,' added Mi*. Fry, 'my grandmother lias left one-half her money ana her share in the mine. The money alone will amount to sixty thousaud;dollars. But I doubt if he can be found very soon* and in the mean while I ain the executor and administrator of the estate.' ? I Merry's eyes had dilated to an enormous extent; a crimson flame burned in her cheek. The letter and newspaper she clutched in her hand, and stridiug over lo Tom, touched hina upon the shoulder. Tom looked up and was startled to find this magnificent lace glaring down upon him. Merry thrust the paper into his hand, and pointed to the solicitor's advertisement. Tom read, and the paper be gan to rattlci in his fingers. Then Merry pushed the open letter upon tlie paper, and pointed to the interesting paragraph. Tom read, and his face grew pale as ashes. He shortly arose ta his feet, to the ends of his toes, and lifting the letter above his head, went pirouetting around the room, singing in an effective uudertone this touching refrain ; 44 1 got broke at playing poker, Tkroo ot a kind ! ' Tliis powerful tonic had to be administered to Max in small doses ; but we must refer the reader for the sequel to this story to an issue of the Barnesviile Chrouidc some months later on. It was a lengthy bit of eloquence, bat the pith of it consisted in the informa | tion that the bridal excursion of the happy 1 pair — which was in rather a barren direction for a convalescent, however— included a sug 1 gestivc visit to a prosperous niino, and that the sole parly who accompanied them was 44 our esteemed fellow-townsman Thomas Jefferson Barnes, Esq., the brother of the bride.' — Harper's Weekly* 