SPORTING NOTES. By " Newmarket." From a racing and financial point of view, the winter meeting of the Wyndham Racing Club, which was held on Saturday last, was one of the most successful ever held under the auspices of the club. A large number of sporting men were conveyed by special train to within a short distance of the course. Owing to some misconception about the time fixed for the starting of the special, many of the visitor were left behind. They, however, were permitted to go as far as the Werribee by the Geelong special train, and arrived on the oourse before the second race was run. The Melbourne hounds met at 'Werribee, and bad finished a short but enjoyable run before the racing was begun, and quite a picturesque appearance was given to the large gathering by the presence of several members of the Hunt Club in full regalia. No time was lost 1 in Betting the ball rolling, and a start was made with the Selling Race, which attracted eight runners, including Mr. Weeks's recent Adelaide purchase, Glory. The jady Queen Elizabeth was once more selected to land the dollars, and as little as 6 to 4 was accepted about the daughter of King of the Ring. She ran well forward for about half the dis tance, when Drumstick shot to the front, and looked like winning as they entered the straight. He tired woefully, however, in the last 100 yards, and Nymph won a good race by a head from Ardrigh. Backers fared no i better in the Hurdle Race, for Miller made ! every post a winning-post, and won comfort ably by two lengths from Stormbird. The favourite, Merry Maid, sadly disappointed her j backers, and could get no nearer than a bad third Black Prince flattered his backers at ' the back of the course ; but he retired very suddenly, and finished some distance behind Merry Maid. Miller is a grandson of Panic, and promises to develop into a useful hurdle- racer. Owing to the weights of the weighing- machine being mislaid, a delay of nearly a quarter of an hour occurred before the riders could be weighed in. A baker's dozen sported silk for the Wyndham Handicap, the friends of Coriolanus rallying round the big brown with unswerving confidence to the last ; I but the smart little cherub kept watch over the interests of the metailioians, and though j the son of Tubal Cain ran very respectably, j he was easily beaten in the end by Bonnie | Bee, who was ridden in Cracknell's best Btyle. A protest was entered against the winner by j Mr. Maitland, the owner of Coriolanus, on 1 the ground that Bonnie Bee had run in New South Wales under another name, and also ; that he had run at a meeting not advertised ; in the V.R.C. calendar. Subsequently Mr. Maitland discovered that he was in ! error, and the objection was withdrawn. Nine horses weighed out for the Steeple chase. and, with the exception of Pride, who bolt8d with his rider, and did not start, the lot were despatched on their journey. Rocket soon assumed the lead, and all went well until crossing the first fence in front of the stand, when Sunshine, who was next to the leader, struck heavily, throwing his rider some little distance in front of him on his face and hands. The next instant the horse fell hori zontally upon the poor boy, and crushed him to death instantaneously. The deceased youth was "the son of Mr. C. Rose, of Bal- larat, and was stated to be between eighteen and twenty years of age. He was in the employ of Mr. R. Howie, of Ballarat, the well-known trainer, and although he had never ridden in a race before, he was known to be a capable horseman. Sunshine had been ridden by the deceased after the Ballarat hounds all the season, and had always proved j himself a clever fencer. The sad accident happened at the third fence in the race, and the spot where the poor lad fell was marked with a pool of blood. Barlow, the English jockey, had his collar-bone fractured through Rocket falling in the same race at the back of the course. The sad calamity cast quite a gloom over the meeting, and very little in terest was taken in the concluding event, the Werribee Park Handicap, which was won by The Ghost, a victory which was regarded as somewhat singular after the painful death recorded above. Considerable dissatisfaction was expressed at the railway arrangements, as the special train did not leave on the return journey until half an hour after the advertised time, and as it stopped at all in termediate stations, visitors did not reach town until nearly half past 7 o'clock. A large number of metropolitan sporting men journeyed to Sandhurst by special train to be present at the winter meeting of the Bendigo Jockey Club, which was held on Wednesday last. The weather was beautifully fine, and after a pleasant run of three hours, visitors were transported to the Sandhurst railway station, where vehicles were in readi ness to convey them to the Epsom racecourse. Outside of a mining speculation, which the residents almost to a man have a peculiar relish for, it would seem that your modern Bendigonian is a decidedly phleg matic animal, and save that the visitor was treated to a wondering stare from the few idlers about the streets, there was nothing in the appearance of the Golden City to indicate that there was anything more lively than a funeral going on. On reaching the try sting spot, it was soon apparent that the attendance was going to be almost exclusively confined to pilgrims from the capital, as the iocat residents were conspicuous by their absence. The racing, too, owing to the smallness of the fields, was rather tame, a circumstance that the Bendigo Jockey Club are by no means responsible for, as a liberal programme was submitted, the stakes in every instance being well worth winning. The stewards discharged their duties to the complete satisfaction of all present, and bore up cheerfully under dis couraging circumstances, while the starting of Mr. R. S. H. Wakley was excellent. Mr. H. Roberts, the newly- appointed secre tary of the club, had little to do, but he did that little well and courteously% A start was made with the Hurdle Race/ for which Stormbird and Fusilier were most fancied. The last-named has improved considerably since he left Caulfield, and as he was aided by the services of T. Corrigan, he had a comparatively easy task, albeit Wild Harry stock to him to the laBt. Egerton was thought a real good thing for the Tele graph Stakes, but though he ran forward for about a mile, he died away to nothing in the end, and Cracknel!, who. had the mount on Omadhaun, scored an easy win. The interest in the Steeplechase was stifled by Sarawak falling at the first fence, and leaving Vaulter to complete the oourse alone. Nothing can be said of the Trot, except that Hector won from end to end, .the others being scattered all over the course. A quartet saddled up for the Selling Hurdle Racer, which was won by Spring, with Merry Maid second, Little Annie and Pemberley being distanced. On being submitted, the son of Panic was knocked down for £65 to Mr. W. T. Jones, but I believe that the purchase was made on behalf of the owner. Nominations were received on Monday last for the various events in connection with the V.R.C. Winter Steeplechase Meeting, and j although the number shows a slight falling ! off in aggregate, the result may bo considered highly satisfactory. The most noticeable fauuig off is in the Maiden Hurdle Raoe, which has only attracted nineteen entries againBt twenty- nine of last year. Twenty horses are engaged in the Maiden Steeple chase, being one in excess of the previous year. The Grand National Hurdle Race closed with twenty-one entries, whioh is eight less than that of 1882. The Grand National j Steeplechase has dosed with twenty -six entries, eight more than last year, -while iorty- three are engaged in the Flat Race. On reference to, the entries it will be seen the quality of the competitors ebows a decided improvement, as the Maiden Hurdle Race contains the names of such acknowledged performers on the flat as The Plunger and Britisher ; Aganthorne (a full sister to Rhesus), Terminus, and The Joker also being amongst the number. Lothair figurfS in the list for the Maiden Steeplechase, for which he should have a rare show with only lOat 81b. Quite a galaxy of talent are i engaged in the Grand National Hurdle Race, | Doncaster, Dizzy, The Joker, and Terminus being amongst the new aspirants for jumping honours. The Grand National Steeplechase contains all the best performers in Victoria, while Taxaraxacum fand Trigger have been j nominated to do battle for South Australia. ! Capital entries have been received for the ' Victoria Amateur Turf Club June meeting, I all the events having filled particularly well. The Selling Race has attracted an entry of eleven, the Hurdle Race of sixteen, and the Victoria Gold Cup of ten. The Ladies Trophy has closed with the handsome total of fifty -seven entries. An amalgamated meeting of the Bathurst Turf and Hunt Clubs was held on Saturday last at Craig's hotei. Both clubs were well represented, and a liberal programme was approved of for the Winter Steeplechase Meeting, to take place at Dowling Forest, on the 21st and 22nd September next. Ten in teresting events were decided upon, and the large sum of £875 will be given away in stakes, so that large entries may bs anti cipated. Owners of jumping horses who intend paying Tasmania a visit in September next are reminded that nominations for the Campbell Town Grand National Steeplechase will close on the 30th inst. Collingwood, the steeplechaser, who was taken to Adelaide some months ago and treated to a long spell, has been put into work again, and last week he had his first run. since his arrival in South Australia, after the local hounds, with a view of being qualified to compete for the Hunt Club Cup. Williamson, the jockey, has received a cheque from Mr. Mortloek for the full amount of his fee, for riding Royal Irish man, payment being made at the UBual rate of 10 per cent. Mr. Filgate, formerly of Victoria, has been appointed starter to the South Australian Jockey Club. " Martindale," of the Town and Country , says : — " From West Maitland I learn that there are six and twenty horses in work, and all doing well. - Amongst them is the Mel bourne Cup winner Zulu, who, I am told, looks very well indeed. He is under the care of Mr. James Mayo, who is giving him left- handed work. That would lead one to the opinion that the owners of the black son of Barbarian and Maiden's Blush have a wish to score the first Melbourne Cup to which a thousand sovereigns are given." The two-year-old colt Hurricane, by Coun tryman from Serenity, who- was purchased in Adelaide after the A.R.C. Birthday Meeting, arrived during the week, and has gone intoT. Coffey's stables at Flemington. As the West Maitland racecourse is likely to be transformed into a public recreation ground (says " Nemo"), our West Maitland friends will have to hunt up another con vincing ground without delay. Mr. Basil Gray's stud was disposed of on the 4th June at Welaregahg. The Border Post says Buffalo, a very neat yearling by Saunterer from Crazy Jane, fell to the nod of Mr. Rolfe (Macartney and Co.) at the very reasonable price of 45 guineas ; Sapphire, by Alphonso, for 58 guineas ; and several aged mares and light hacks from 15 to 25 guineas. The grandly -bred Saunterer was then brought out, and fell to the hid of Mr. J. J. Hamilton, of Oqrnie. An adjournment was then made for lunch, and after the wantB of the inner man had been attended to, business was re commenced at the Welaregang yards, and the whole of the horses catalogued were sold at prices ranging from 20 to 60 guineas, the racehorses Miss Clifton, Cranky Jack, Fish wife, and Bendemeer going into the hands of Messrs. Hanna, W. Sullivan, Finnigan, and Evans respectively. Mr. R. Donelan, of Marble Hill, secured a beautiful yearling filly in Ennui (own sister to Loiter and Fishwife), engaged in a good many produce stakes, at a reasonable figure ; and her dam, Caller Ou, with a foal by Saunterer, became the pro perty, of Mr. jowden. Encouraged by the success which has attended the working of the totalisator in other colonies, racing men over the Straits are bestirring themselves to have the maohine legalised. Referring to the subjeot, " Tarn o' Shanter " says : — " Sportsmen who are anxious that Tasmania "should not be behind South Australia and New Zealand as regards the introduction of the totqlisator as a means by which the funds of the principal racing clubs would be enhanced, will be pleased to know that the matter has not been lost sight of by the committee of the Casmanian Racing Club. At a meeting of the club, held the other day, the subject was again brought under the notice of the committee, who one and all signified their approval of the use of the totalisator, both as a means of revenue and as hn equitable means of speculation. Arrangements are being made to get the instrument legalised during the coming session of Parliament, and those who would be no party to encourage gambling in any shape or form need only be reminded that since the introduction of the totalisator else where that vice has gradually become lessened. Members of Parliament who are interested in racing matters, and who would gladly see the sport flourish in Tasmania, cannot but have been impressed with the rapid strides towards advancement that have been made by the colonies where the maohine is in use. New Zealand, for instanae, is now enabled to give away stakes almost equal in value to its elder sisters in sporting matters, mainly owing to the revenue returned by the totalisator. Notwithstanding the opposition that will be met with in Victoria, this colony will ere long yield to the wishes of the many, and other of the colonies are sure to follow in its footsteps. If our M.P.'s will only give the matter serious consideration, they must come to thq conclusion that, betting being almost an inevitable evil, many of the obnoxious surroundings connected with it will be removed by the introdubtion of the totalisation" On Tuesday last J. Elliott returned to India by the mail steamer, taking with him several well- known raoehoraes, inoluding Gudarz, Sylvanus, Goldfinder, Jack of Clubs, and another. The stakes won at the recent Adelaide E.G. Birthday Meeting have been duly paid away to the respective winners, Mr. E. Weeks being the argest oheque-taker, his sum amounting to £885, made up of the victories of Little Jack and Transferred. Mr. W. E. Mortlock drew £595 for ttoyal Irishman's St. Legeradd City Handicap wins. Through the agency of his single representative, Dirk Hatteraick, Mr. S. Barnard received £267. Altogether, the large sum of £3,584 wsb paid away. On Monday, the 2nd July, Mr. Barnard will declare the weights for the handicap events to be run at th6 Y.E.C. Winter Steeplechase Msetingr and also for the Mel bourne Cup, after whioh training operations will be actively pursued on the various tracks. Already our Sydney cousins are afield, and some interesting work is now being done at Bandwick. Mr. Fennelly has a very large string in his charge, and re assuring information reaches me regarding . the New Zealand bred colt Martini-Henri, j who has wintered well, and is doing good , serviceable work. Segenhoe is also looking ' and going well, and promises to retrieve his reputation during the ensuing season, j Despot, a son of Maribyrnong and Sylvia, is another that iB highly spoken of. Aberfoyle, who has also improved considerably since he appeared at Bandwick, is receiving a prepara tion with a view of appropriating the Hawkes- bury Guineas — a race that the family seem to have a lien on, as both Woodlands and Hecla have each proved victorious over the classic event of the Bichmond club. Mor peth, Kaipara, Blue and White, and Gost- wyck, and others of Fennelly's lot, are all looking well, aud it will be hard, indeed, if some of the good things of the season do not fall to the popular blue and white banner. I also hear that Sweet William, Kingsworth, Moroeau, and Willeroo are being treated to good serviceable work. Although the handicaps for the V.A.T.C. Bracelet Meeting were not due until Monday next, Mr. Barnard has taken time by the forelock, and last night the weights were handed in for publication. The time at my disposal will not permit me to give a lengthy analysis of the weights, but from a casual glance at the handicap for the Ladies' Trophy, I cannot help noticing that bookmakers' horses are very leniently treated, whilst those belonging to such straight-going sports men as Mr. J. G.Beid are most harshly dealt with. It would be difficult to understand Upon what basis of calculation Mr. Barnard went upon when he asked a horse like Tumut, who has never won a race in his life, to concede weight to such acknowledged performers as Forlorn, Tocal, and John Peel, all brilliant animals over a short distance. Welcome Jaok is awarded the place of honour with the Steadier of 9st 121b, but those whoappear to have the best chances at the weights are i The Ghost, Cassiopeia, Egerton, Liddington, Forlorn, Tocal, John Peal, Nymph, and Tichborne. Gambler, Miller, and Musidora are well-in in the Hurdle Bace, and Scotchman or Black Jacket ought to win the Amateur Gold Gup. The Ballarat horses, Vaulter, Euchre, and Glenara, are well treated in the Steeplechase, and one of the three ought to win. A large and valuable shipment of well-bred horses, carefully selected by Messrs. GIsbs- eook and Warren, were despatched' for India by the Loch Torridon on Tuesday last. The shipment comprises the" progeny of Panic, Smuggler, Argus Scandal,. St. Albans, Bonnie Carlisle, John Bull, Lambro, and other well-known sires. Amongst the number was Hie celebrated hurdleracer, Handy Andy, who should prove a veritable Triton amongst the minnows of the east. Mr. E. Weekes contemplates following in a few days with a valuable lot, including several well-known performers. A shipment of horses was despatched froih Sydney to Singapore during the week, Con stantino, Eblis, Gamin, and Ingomar being amongst the number. Questor, by Yatten- don — Quail, has also been shipped to New Zealand, where his brother, King Quail, has been performing very creditably. Bookmakers desirous of plying their voca tion at Flemington should forward ap plications at once to be registered for 1888 and 1884," for approval by the Y.B.C. com mittee at their meeting on Tuesday, 3rd July. An exhibition of trotting horses was given on Thursday afternoon, at Albert Park. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by the Marchioness of Normanby and Lord and Lady Loftus, drove down to the ground, and were received by Messrs. J. A. Boberts and J. J. Miller, members of the Yictorian Trotting Club. A large number of carriages and vehicles were drawn up at either side of the road chosen for the equine display, and about ' 1,000 persons were present. Several well-known imported American trotting stallions were paraded, including Mr. J. J. Miller's pair, Honesty and Contractor, and Mr. J. A. Boherts's Len Bose and Boccaccio, and Mr. F. Bobbins's trotting and pacing gelding Defiance.- Ajax, Bessie, Teviot, and several colonial bred colts and fillies, were also shown. The object of the exhibition was to encourage park driving of an after noon upon the plan adopted by the Gentle men's Driving Association in America. It Was arranged that the horses should parade in a circle, but before the route was pointed out they were driven about in a most hap hazard manner, and as the crowd enooroached upon the road to such an extent as to prevent drivers from seeing any distance in front of them, an accident through two horses coming Sn opposite directions on the same side of the road was only avoided by the skilful driving of Griffin, who steered Honesty. Their Ex cellencies expressed themselves highly pleased with what they had seen, and no doubt if tbe road through Albert Park is kept in good order, park (iriving will yet become a recognised institution in Victoria. A match was run at Townsyille last week between E. K. Bussell'e Eclipse and Rourke'a Barcoo, for £100 a-side, half a mile, 12et up. After a .good race, Barcoo won by half a length. Barcoo, it wiU be remembered, ww ridden by his owner in the V.A.T.C. Amateur Challenge Gup, won by Marquis, at the last Gaulfield Gup Meeting. He also ran well forward for the Steeplechase at the Y.B.G, Spring Meeting, won by Kanaka. What was appropriately described as an " extraordinary " general meeting of the Victoria Patent Totalisator Club was held on Tuesday evening last, at ' the Apollo-hall, for the purpose of considering the advisability of winding the company up. The chairman (Dr. Bathe) proposed the first motion : — "That on account of the present position of the company, its patent right having been sold by the sheriff, and having no funds to defray its liabilities, the company he wound up in such a manner as the statute directs." Mr. Williams proposed as an amendment that the company should not be wound up, but that the directors be asked to resign. The amendment was seconded by Mr. Donovan, and carried by seventeen to three, those voting against it being Messrs. Hornby, Bathe, and Barnes — all directors. Mr. Williams asked by whose authority the safe belonging to the club was broken open while Mr. Franck held the keys on behalf of the shareholders. The chairman saidhe had given instructions for it to be done. Mr. Franck explained that the debt "for which the patent right of the company had been sold was con tracted by the Sporteman's Club, and not by the Totalisator Club. After some desultory wrangling, the chairman left tbe chair and refused to answer any questions. It was ultimately decided that, as the shareholders could not obtain any information from the directors, an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders be held at the same place on the evening of the 28th inst. During the evening, allusion was made to the £100 owing over the Normanby Stakes and Champion. The Melbourne hounds will meet to day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at Braybrook. 