THE SIMPLETON. \------------ TO CORRESPONDENTS. 'T,B.B."—I have ascertained that the poem you refer to. "Beauty's Prayer," was written' by Mrs Frances Sargent Osgood, a favourite American poetess. "Cynic"—You want to know '" what is the difference between a fool and a Simpleton." It would be hard to say exactly, but obviously, there is a vast difference between you and me. "Kate C—"—You will require proof that the promise was made. Perhaps you have letters which might be useful to this end. In seeking legal advice, yon must be guided by the recommendations of your friends. I cannot presume to name a solicitor. 'The two D's"—We can but mingle our regrets, gentlemen. Things might have turned out better, but then again, they might have been worse. For instance, one, or both of you might have dropped the £50 deposit. Of course, as you say, the expenses have been pretty stiff, and, as rejected candidates, you have no heart in paying them. The knowledge that you have accelerated the circulation of money throughout the district during the last few weeks, is the one consolation left to you, and even this is denied, unless you are eminently philosophi- cal. "Th two C's"'—Since you are both re- turned again, gentlemen, l have no ob- jection whatever to congratulate you. Neither of you are the least indebted to the Simpleton of your election, as l think you quite understand. As you observe, it is a pity that there's a mis- understanding between you, but what of that? You have regained your seats and the accompanying £300 per annum. You are not pledged to give any of this lucre, to local charities, so things are generally speaking, just as nice and pleasant as you would wish them. Keep your tempers and act on the square. God save the Queen. \------------ MORE dismissals of State school teachers. It is truly painful to read that the Exe- cutive Council has-been compelled in the interests of propriety, to dispense with the services of two teachers, on charges of drunkenness and immorality. It seems to be but a few weeks ago, that I commented on the dismissal of no less than four teachers, who were found guilty of similar offences, and really one cannot help feeling that we are having rather much of this kind of thing. There must be something radi- cally wrong with a system of appoint- ments, which admits of the entry into our State schools of such men as those, whose misdeeds have brought into prominence so unenviable. I beg your pardon, sir? The word "system" not applicable, eh? I regret to admit the force of your objection. Recent dis- closures make it pretty obvious that appointments in the Education depart- ment are not made on any "system' in particular. Is our new Parliament likely to make any improvement on this state of things? Let us hope so. A fine of £5, or in default, one month's imprisonment, together with one month's confinement without, the option of a fine, was the sentence re- cently imposed by the Lillydale magis- trates on two lads who took ten potatoes from a field, without the per- mission of the owner. The lads were travelling up-country, and camped near Lillydale the first night out. In the morning, one of the boys went to a paddock close by, and seized the potatoes, which they then cooked for their breakfast. Dreadful offence, truly. Perhaps the poor lads had nothing.else. to eat, but that's no reason whatever why they, should disregard the laws of meum et tuum, and go for an honest man's potatoes. The voracious young thiefs ought to know now what a hor- rible crime they are guilty of, for as- suredly they got a full measure of law from the Lillydale Bench. Now-if this excellent tribunal were called upon to deal with the case of a man who had thumped his wife, dragged her round by the hair of her head, and then jumped upon her as a wind up, the brave fellow would in all probability be bound over to keep the peace. Those who might think that there was a want of propor- tion in such sentences, would please to bear in mind that while a man can claim to have the vested interest of pro- prietor in his wife, and is thus, to a large extent privileged, when he kicks her about, there cannot be the smallest vestige of privilege claimed by two juveniles, who, with malace prepense, deliberately prigg ten valuable potatoes. In the lest interests of an enlightened society, it is a good thing the owner of the spuds in question was not afflicted with too much benevolence, and that he lost no time in seeking the aid of the police as soon as he discovered the vile outrage upon his property. Some men who suffer from a maudlin sickly senti- mentality, would not only have forgiven the boys, but, in all probability, moved to a weak and unworthy compassion for the young desperadoes, might even have offered to supplement their rather in- different breakfast. Such, soft men are to be found. The Lillydale chap wasn't one of them, however; he did not believe in a "free breakfast table," and the luminaries of the Lillydale Bench sup- ported his objections. Heigh-ho! Justice is said to be blind sir. Bless my heart, I can quite believe it. Sometimes l think she's not only blind but maimed too, badly maimed; while at Lillydale— well, I don't know, but l should think justice was dead and buried there long ago. Like perhaps a large number of other Simpletons, I have always held the most confused ideas with regard to what constitutes "attempted murder, and what "assault with intent to do gre- vions bodily harm." I notice that the blackfellow who some little time ago attempted to cut off the head of a Mr Campbell, of Kilmore, has been found guilty of the latter offence. It will be remembered that the prisoner, whose name is Thomas, had been dismissed from Campbell's service, and on the night succeeding the day of his dismissal he returned, entered the house, and began hacking at the prosecutor's throat with a butcher's knife, as he lay asleep in bed. The victim struggled so violently that the would-be assasin thought it prudent to take his leave, carrying with him Campbell's watch and chain—as an affectionate memento, I suppose. The plea set forth by the prisoner's counsel was, that his client, only wanted to "frighten" his former employer, and the jury found him guilty of "assault with in- tent to do grevious bodily harm," and not of "attempted murder." Of course, it's very hard to judge of the real in- tention of men under certain circum- stainces, and doubtless it is within the range of possibilities that the men who blows your brains out—that is, if you happen to have any—may have only intended to remove your left ear, yet in all likelihood, he will be considered guilty of murder. It appears to me that a great deal depends upon luck in these cases of attack with deadly weapons. Had the Kilmore nigger succeeded in slicing Mr Campbell's head off possibly we would have handed him over to Upjohn, but because he did not succeed, l can't see that he's a whit the better man. His intention was clearly murder, looking at it from a lay point of view, of course, for the idea of cutting a man's throat merely to give him a fright, is rather too thin even for a Simpleton; and l should say, if a person wanted to do another bodily harm without endangering his life, he'd scarcely use a butchers' knife, and begin on the windpipe. Our classi- fication of crimes, is, to say the least of it, rather enigmatical, but then what appears anomalous to every-day folks, may be quite distinct and accurate to the professional mind of the lawyer, or the deep intelligence of the average juror. One would imagine that the swindle known as the "match-box trick" would have been about played out by this time. So many "innocents abroad" have suffered from this particular imposition, and so much publicity has been given to their sufferings, that when we read of a fellow being taken in by this little game we are apt to look to the date of our newspaper and wonder if we have not read the whole thing before. The facts appear to be exactly similar in all cases, and it is simply wonderful that those who manipulate the match-box can drop so readily upon fresh victims. Quite recently, no less a personage than an ex- policeman was a sufferer by the match- box, to the tune of £50 too. Now, you'd fancy a peeler would know better, sir. During the past week l notice that a visitor from Sydney, whose shrewd- ness and canny disposition might almost be taken for granted, under the name of John Norman Melvor, dropped * several pounds," under the magic in- fluence of the match-box. The victim in this last case, like, his innumerable predecessors, started off for a policeman as soon as he lost his money, and the magsman concerned got his deserts from the City bench. Hum! I'm Simpleton enough, goodness knows, but, by the Lord Harry, you couldn't come over me with anything so stale as the match- box trick. It is stated that a society has been formed in the United States, whose object is to stop doctors writing their prescriptions in Latin. The principal reason urged is that the responsibility thrown on the dispenser of drugs is too great. I am not inclined to think that medical men will be likely to fall in readily with the proposed change. In fact they would be more likely to con- sider the proposition as an attempt to deprive them of a professional privilege. If prescriptions were written in plain, legible English instead of in abbrevi- ted, and almost illegible Latin, why, we'd soon be as knowing as the doc- tors themselves. If our medicines were reduced to the simplicity of their English names—that is to say, provid- ing they have any—we would have neither respect for or confidence in them, but to the stuff so fearfully and wonderfully described by ccharacters in which it is hard to distinguish a letter or figure, we are ready to give that re- spectful veneration which the very in- comprehensibility of its description demands. It would never do for the patients to understand too much, or even Mrs; Languish, who you know, sir, is always in delicate health, would begin to think that she could get on very well without the doctor. Where do ghosts come from? From **** man's land. 