Mail News. How a Czar is Crowned. THE great ceremony has always been performed in the Church of the Holy Assumption, within the walls of the Kremlin at Moscow. The great Kremlin is an octagon plot of ground of many acres on a high elevation, surrounded by high walla and fortifications, and contains four Grown palaces, three cathedrals, the head quarters of the Imperial Guards, the Governor's residence, a university, and a number of mon asteries and nunneries. The appearance of the Kremlin is very striking, as the walls are white, the fortifications emerald green, the entrances rose-tinted, and the roofs of the cathedrals gilded, the whole forming a wonderful com bination. The coronation procession begins to form at the cavalry barracks, four miles distant from the Kremlin. Early in the day appointed for the ceremony sixty heralds, mounted on cream-coloured horses and commanded by a master of cere monies, appear before the gates of the barracks and blow a salvo, upon which the colonel of the regiment appears and asks what they want of him. " The Czar commands thee follow me," is the answer, and the gates are thrown open and the regiment, which has been expect ing the summons, gallops out and follows the heralds. The heralds then proceed to the barracks of the Lancers, where the same thing takes places, then to the university, then to Cathedral of St. Nicholas, where the clergy join the procession, then to the law courts, where the Judges fall in, then to the head quarters of the marshals of the nobility, the staff officers, the several professions, the governors, the prefects, the deputations from every part of the empire, the trade guilds, &c.; each body joining at a separate place, and all being summoned, by the heralds, as in the first case. The procession goes on swelling until it reaches enormous proportions, so much so that when the head of it arrives at the Kremlin the tail is still at the other ond of the town. Arriving at St. Demetrius gate they find it closed. The heralds then blow their trumpets, and the commander of the citadel appeal's and demands what they want, to which the crowd roplics, "The Czar." "And what for ?" asks the commander. "To crown him the most powerful of the powerful," is the reply, and the S.tes ily open. The Metropolitans of Moscow, azan, Novgorod, and Kietf here head the pro cession, and, with the deputations from every part of the Empire, they advance to the palace and form in front of it. These deputations consist of Russians, Roumanians, Kirghiz, Chinese, Mingrelians, Bashkirs, Poles, Georgians, Circassians, Calmucks, Armenians, Turkomans, Tartars, Esquimaux, Afghans, Bulgarians, Laplanders, Mongolians, Finns, Persians, and Bokharians, all in their respective national co.stumes. The Metro politans then advance and call upon the Czar t.i come forward, upon which he appears at tli1 portico, dressed in tlic uuiform of a Coloi.-'l of the Imperial Guards, with the Em press, dressed as a Russian peasant, on his arm. The instant the deputations are aware of the Imperial presence they kneel, and being asked by the Czar what they want of hint, the Metro politan of Moscow replies that they have been sent from far and wide to see their Czar anointed, so that they can return to their homes and assure those who sent them that the Czar is verily the Lord's anointed, and that they may obey none but him. Thence all pro ceed to the Cathedral of the Holy Assumption, the Czar and Czarina walking between the Bishops and the deputations. Arriving at the church, the Czar and his wife are shown to ordinary thrones near those of the Bishops, and the special service imme diately begins. After the first lesson is read the Metropolitans conduct the Emperor and Empress to a canopy of scarlet velvet, richly embroidered'in gold, the principal figure being the double-headed Russian eagle. Under this canopy is an elevated platform upon which are the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monomague and an ordinary arm-chair for the Empress, also a table upon which are the sceptre and crown of Constantinus Mono machus, a sword and a mantle of ermine. The nobles now advance from the south of the cathedral, and surrounding the platform, draw their Bwords and place them at the feet of the Czar. The Bishop of Kazan then asks the Emperor in a loud voice if he is a true believer, to which he replies by reading the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church. The Bishop next says :— " If there be any of you fiere present know ing any impediment for which Alexander, son of Alexander (or other name), should not be crowned by the grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat of All the Russias, of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vladimir, of Novgorod; Csar of Kazan, of Astrakhan, of Poland, of Siberia, of Kheraon- Taurida, of Grousi: Gosoudar of Pskotf; Grand Duke of Smolensk, of Lituania, of Volhynia, of Podolia, and of Finland; Prince of Esthonia, of Livonia, of Courland; of Semigalia, of the Samoyedes, of Bielostok, of Corelia, of Foer, of Ingor. of Perm, of Viatka, of Bulgaria, and of other countries; Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Coun tries in Novgorod, of TchernigoftV of Riazan, of Polotsk, of Rostoff, of Jaroslaff, of Bielo sersk, of Oudork, of Obdorsk, of Kondisk, of Vitelsk, of MastUatf, and of all the countries of the North; Master Absolute of Iversk, of Kastalnsk, of Kabardinsk, and of the territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain Princes of Tcherkask; Master of Turkestan, Heir Pre sumptive of Norway, and Duke of Sleswick- Holstein, of Stormarne, of Dithmarae, and of Oldenburg, let him come forward now. in the name of the Holy Trinity, and show what the impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever!" This is repeated three times, and upon no objection being raised, he lays his hand upon the head of the Czar, who immediately kneels. At this point the Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle of ermine from the table and throws it over the kneeling Czar, saying : "Cover and protect thy people as this robe covers and protects thee;" the Emperor reply ing, "I will, I will, I will, God helping," and kissing the prelate's hand. The Bishop of Novgorod now places the sceptre in the Czar's hand, saving : " May thine hand which holds this wither the day thou art unjust;" the answer being, "Be it so," after which the Bishop of Kieff places the crown upon the Emperors head. At this point the Empress kneels beside her husband, who partly covers her with the cloak of ermine, and also holds his crown above her head for a few seconds, without, however, placing it upon her head. The Czar and Czarina remain in prayer for several minutes amid a deadly silence, and the instant they rise to their feet bishops, nobles, deputations, clergy, and all present kneel to them, shouting, "Long live the Czar." The cry is taken up by the hundreds of thou sands who are outside, the heralds sound their trumpets, guns are fired, and bells are rung. The Czar commands the people to rise, and is again surrounded by the nobles, who receive their swords back from the Imperial hands, the Emperor saying, "It is thy country's," to which the noble replies, "and ray Czar's." Mass is again resumed, and the Emperor pro ceeds alone to the altar, passing through- the golden gates of the Iconostasini, which are closed behind him, thus hiding him from view. Here, after partaking of the Holy Communion the Metropolitan of Moscow anoints his head, temples, eyelids, lips, nostrils, ears, breast-and hands, saying: Behold the seal of the Holy Ghost, may it keep thee ever holy." The gates of tho Iconostasini arc re-opened, the Czar appears before them, and is hailed with shouts of "Thou art verily by the Lord anointed." The Empress advances to the sanctuary and kneels to her lord, who bids her rise, and they walk out of the cathedral arm in arm. At the door is a gilded chariot drawn by twelve white horses, into which they enter, the princess, other members of the imperial family, foreign monarchs, guests, &c;,, entering other State chariots. The procession again forms as it did on approaching the Kremlin, and, with its new additions, moves slowly through the gaily decorated town. According to an old custom, the Czar's carriage, instead of being guarded by troops, is surrounded by 100 maidens be longing to the best Russian families, all dressed in white and holiday garlands of flowers. Court balls and receptions begin in the evening and last for a fortnight, after which the Court returns to St. Petersburg. 