A TRUE GHOST .STORY [BY PERIPATETIC.] While it is remarkable that the. ghosts most frequently observed by the noble army of veracious historians are those of deceased persons, it comes within] the province of belief of believers in the supernatural—if it be not indeed one of the articles of their creed—that the giant hand of death is not at all times necessary to effect a separation between the soul and, its fleshly environment. The separation, it is argued, can be effected in living beings. Though not so numerous, we have nevertheless hundreds, if not thousands, of reliable testimonies in support of this belief.' Wilkie Collins has detailed many weird illustrations in its favour. In " Two Destinies" he has the following account of an apparition which ^appeared on board a ship at sea. The ship inl question was bound from Liverpool to Brunswick, and was six weeks out of port when the event occurred. One day at noon the captain'and chief mate, having taken the usual observations of the sun, were busy below in their cabins working out the latitude and longitude. The mate, looking across into the opposite cabin, was horrified at beholding a stranger seated at the desk writing on the captain's slate. He immediately rushed on deck and told the captain there was a stranger below at his desk writing. Theeabin was searched, but not a trace of the stranger could be discovered. The mate persisted in his statement; and the captain taking up the slate found written on it these words:—" Steer to the nor'-westP' The narrative continues thus:—" Weil, steering to the north-west, you will understand, was out of the captain's course. Nevertheless, finding no solution of the mystery on board the ship, and the weather at the time being fine, the captain determined while the daylight lasted to alter his course, and see what came of it. Towards 3 o'clock -in the afternoon an iceberg came of it, with a wrecked ship stove in and frozen fast to the ice, and the passengers and crew nigh to death with cold and exhaustion. Wonderful enough, you will say, but more remains behind. As the mate was helping one of the ressued passengers np the side of the barque who should he turn out to be but- the very man whose ghostly appearance Bruce (the mate) had seen in the captain's cabin writing on the captain's slate. And more than that , . . the passenger recognized the barque as the very vessel which he had seen in a dream at .noon that day. ' He had even spoken of it to ,one of the officers on board the wrecked ship when He woke. ' We shall be rescued today,', he-had said, and had exactly described the rig of the barque hours and hours before the vessel herself nove in view." This story, remarks Mr. Collins in a footnote", is to be found related in full detail, and authenticated by names and dates in Robert Dale Owen's work called " Footfalls on the Boundary of Another World." I. was a youngster of seventeen or eighteen at the time'jOf the events I am about to relate, but the circumstances are impressed as vividly on my memory as if they had happened but yesterday. In one of the prettiest parts of the West of England, amid most euchanting scenery, stand the Vallis Rocks. They are within easy walking distance of the town of Frome, ana are frequently visited by picnic parties, touristB, ana other lovers of the picturesque. The rocks extend for some miles—winding zigzag fashion across country. At some points they form merely a steep incline; at others rearing their heaas heavenward straight as a wall. '\ ecetation is abundant; shrubs,ferns, and wild flowers growing in rich luxuriance everywhere. In the vale beneath—for, be it understood, the rocks are' but as a deep fissure in the ground, caused probably at some remote period by one of Nature's convulsive throbs—bubbles a noisy brook. Clear as crvstal is the water, and many are the speckled trout that dart therein. "Here and there lie scattered ruins of limekilns; and in some of the cosiest corners under the trees tempting seats invite the visitor to halt awhile and admire at his leisure. In the stilly night sweet - voiced nightingales "warble forth their songs of thankful- ness and praise; and poachers snare the gentle rabbit. At different points of vantage fine echoes reward strong-lunged vocalists, and away down in the valley is a shooting range, whereat patriotic volunteers blaze and pot. On Saturday afternoons and other halfnolidays venturesome schoolboys from the neighbouring townplayat "hareand hounds, clambering here and there among the rocks like so many chamois, and making the hills resound with their merry laughter. On Bank holidays and other festivals no place in the country round is more extensively patronized. Local public opinion declares in favour of Vallis vale in preference even to Longleat, Lord Bath's magnificent estate, four miles distant. In the cool of a summer's evening many are the couples with arms entwined and hearts beating in harmonious unison to be seen wending their thoughtful way by the side of the murmuring brook. Along the watercourse are built at intervals water mills, and boating is to be had in the millponds —altogether one of the loveliest spots in pastoral England. In its steepest parts the valley is entered by cuttineSj giving the toes plenty of exercise in descending. Near one or the most dangerous of these are the Egford Rocks, the finest and largest of the whole range. Stone to repair the county roads is drawn from these rocks, and men are constantly at work on them, boring, blasting, and carting away. In tne fields above, tne legends of the place have it that the fairies hold their nightly revels. At the extreme verge of the precipice grow a few stunted trees, behind which railings are erected as a guard. Viewing the valley from these rocks a very pretty bird's-eye picture is obtained. A pebble thrown with utmost exertion falls into the brook ; tossed over, you can bear it fall with a dull thud on the stones below. At the time of which I write my father had taken one of the mills above-mentioned, and I," engaged in business in the town," preferred the-mue and a half walk to and from my work daily to taking np a permanent residence among the tileis andchimneystacks. My (two years') elder brother, Caleb, was assisting my father in the working of his factory, ana on dark evenings would, accompanied by his dog, often come to meet tre. Sometimes, however, I had to work late, and it would be ten o'clock before I started for Vallis. Young, bold, fearless, afraid neither of ghosts or men, I used frequently on clear, starlit nights to prolong my walks by making a wide detourj and then, striking through the woods, and entering the valley a mile or so further down, indulge in tranquil and placid reflection as I walked homewards. Often the far distaat church clocks would be striking One as I was searching for my latch-key. . One beautiful moonlight night—one could see to read a newspaper walking slowly—I had taken a five-mile constitutional, and, reaching the valley about eleven o'clock, thought, as it was Buch a splendid night, I would linger longer than usuaL . . The nightingales were discoursing sweetest music—in the distance .could be distinguished the faint lowing of the kine—" Men may come and men may go, but I go on for ever" was babbling the brook With slow steps and bated breath I moved along. Nature's busy hum was hushed—the calm stillness that reigned around held me like a charm. I threw myself-on the dewy grass, and locking my hands together under my head fell into a deep reverie. By-and-bye I became conscious that the grass, was wet, and feeling chilly I got np and shook myself vigorously and took <a brisk run to restore suspended circulation. Having by virtue of these measures convinced myself that ! was really an inhabitant of this 1 mortal sphere, and not a denizen of the stars, I began to whistle the " Ode to Spring," from Babtl and Bijou. The owl must have pricked : up his ears in sleepjr astonishment.at the melody, so brisk and joyous a tone did I impart to it. (My reflections had been somewhat melancholy; I was but following out the universal law of. Reaction.) Walking along, I suddenly perceived ahead of me a most singular phenomenon, which made me stop ana almost turn pale. A kind of box it seemed to be, about two feet square. '.The extraordinary thing about it, though, was that it hung stationary in~mid-air. I stopped my whistle with a jerk—perplexed lieyond measure. The vale just here was densely wooded, and the water deep. W ater deep! that reminded me that one or two unhappy people had recently drowned themselves in it. And, whispered Memory, only a few yards off is the spot where a lunatic escaping from his keeper threw himself from the rocks, and was dashed to pieces. What in the name of all that'B wonderful can that box be ? I asked myself. Screwing my courage to the stacking point, I advanced ten strides — twenty—thirty—ah! the box had a support. Reassured, I went on with confidence, and getting to the other side of the thing, read, in the light of the moon, " Beware! shooting to-day at Vallis." Bang! went my clenched fist, Down, " dead as a hammer, went the placard. "I should have felt better had that bang been directed at the head of the gallant volunteer who left that board Btick- •ing there to frighten people," I softly soliloquised as I recommenced, allegro con epirito, " Spring, spring, beautiful spring I" As I emerged from the shaded hollow into the open space at the foot of the Egford rocks I exclaimed involuntarily, "How beautiful!" Not a cloud obscured the sky— the moon was at its full, and shining gloriously. I stood idly watching the rippling of the water in its rays for a few moments : then turned to glance upward at the rocks. Never before had 1 seen them so clearly outlined. The parts in shade made the jutting portions stand out with added distinctness, and the contrast formed a study for an artist. I could almost distinguish the shape of the leaves of^he trees growing on the summit. At thw^-moment, and as I was gazing upward,, a most unaccountable sensation darted like a magnetic shock through my vitals, leaving me cold as ice, and trembling as if I had oeen attacked by ague, after. What was it ? From whence came it ? What could it mean ? I asked myself these questions in a dreamy and listless way j for, truth to say, I seemed suddenly deprived of the use of my faculties—something nad, as it were, leapt into me, trampled under foot mv senses, my reason, and was now peering with fierce and fearful intensity out of my eyes at one particular spot on the top of those rOcks. What the demon was that possessed me I cannot tell. Ego was too dazed, benumbed, simpified, to thmk one thought. Meanwhile, my heart was beating as if it would burst—1 earnestly pray I may never experience that feeling again. Gradually my heart began to pulsate more legularly—consciousness to make feeble and flickering efforts to return, the intolerable burden that crushed and bore down my faculties to grow lighter. But I could not remove my eyes from that one spot. On that my organs of vision remained glued, rivetted, spellbound. As I looked I saw a figure approach the railings, halt for a moment, and look around with white and blanched countenance, place its hands upon the topmost rail, and lightly vault over to the inner side. 0 God! how I quaked with fear. It was Caleb, my brother. There he stood, head bare, nightdress fluttering around him, now taking apace forward; now retreating, the movements of % man vividly conscious of supreme danger, yet unable to escape it. 1 shouted to him, thinking he was walking in his sleep, to get back. He neither heard nor heeded me. "Pray, heaven, save him," I groaned in my extremity of liorror. Too late. With a deliberate stride forward I saw the pcor fellow advance to the vergfe, look over, grow giddy, throw his hands up, and with a sort of stifled shriek tumble head over heels forward. And now a strange thing happened. Ne sooner did I sfee Caleb'fall than I felt |a> peculiar, buoyant feeling of relief. Yes, relief —a weight seemed lifted from my ehonlders, and after a great sigh I found I cotdd breathe freely, and was in full bommahd of mysblf again. For, half-way in his fall, my brother vanished into air—melted from my sight as if he had never been. I saw him distinctly half the distance—then, like a star that snootB and is seen no more, he was gone—lost. J proceeded directly to the foot of the rocks without the slightest vestige of fear. I searched every nook and cranny and found, as I expected to find, nothing. I looked up at the rocks. All was silent as the tomb. Then I walked on. I was home in three minutes and a half. My watch pointed to half-past twelve as I lit a lamp. I went straight to Caleb's room. He was lying in bed safe and sound, but wide awake, and with his eyes unnaturally distended. The look he gave me as I entered will haunt me to the grave—so glaringly watchful (to coin a phrase) was it. lie gently chid me for staying out so late, but was glad I bad visited him before I went to bed. "I've had su<ih a frightful dream," he said" abruptly a moment after—" an awful dream. It's frightened—downright cowcd me. Sit down and Til tell you about it." I s=at down, knowing better than he could tell me perhaps what was coming. "I dreamt I was on the top of the Egfor Rocks," he began, "close by that stunted tree in the centre. Something, I know not what, impelled me irresistibly there. I know not how I came to be there, memory only recalls what happened from then. This mysterious power seemed to drag my whole nature after it—it made me. vault the rails, it drew me in its mighty arms to the edge of the precipice, and, oh! my head reels ta think of it now, plunged me headlong over. , . . As I fell the strain must have been too great—a mighty rushing and roaring sound flooded my whole being, and I awoke to find myself in bed—ten thousand lights dancing before my eyes, and reason tottering on its throne." When I recounted what I had seen, Caleb was surprised but not in the least incredulous. He listened to me attentively to the end, and when I had finished gave a long, deep sigh of profound thought. I asked him presently what he was thinking about. He replied "Nothing." After another long, long pause he said— "Go to bed now, Hal, there's a good lad. We'll get up early to-morrow morning, and go down .to Vallis « * and . examine « • those > rocks. We arose at six and walked down to the rocks. We found the exact place where Caleb had been in fancy the night before. How were we startled to find, the ground disturbed ? In the layer of mould and dirt, plain as plain could be, was the imprint of bis naked foot as he had alighted from vaulting the railings. He pulled off his shoe and placed bis stockinged foot in it; it fitted perfectly. We kept the secret, if secret it may be called, solemnly to ourselves, and never breathed as much as a word to a living seul. Shortly after I left Somerset for the Metropolis, and my brother travelled north. l am now in Adelaide; he is in Leeds. - I have no wish to upset any old theory or to establish any new one. I have simply related facts, and am prepared to affix my dying signature to this strange etory. , "There are more things in heaVen and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy" —whoshatf findtheniout. 