MY FIRST EXPERIENCE OF OUR COUNTRY HOUSE. Owing to financial pressure in the shape of heavy losses abroad, I accepted the offer of an old-fashioned furnished house in the country, which had been ten years untenanted, as a resiaenee in we meantime to save me expenses of town life ; and thither, in a cold and stormy November day, amid torrents of ram, I set out along with all I held most dear on earth — my family. That comprised my wife and three yqnng children. As we left our cheery town house for the last time, many a heavy thought oppressed me, on account of those dependent on me, at the waywardness of Fortune, and the ' ups and downs' of life ; and especially as to what she might still have in store for us. We had a long drive in a comfortable close conveyance, hired at the nearest railway town, from the windows of which the children were delighted to watch the new scenery as we drove along. The smallest little darling of the three, just eight months old, was as com fortable in bis wraps and furs as if he were at the warmest fireside. At length we found ourselves at the door of our new house, far in the heart of the country. Dreary and soli tary enough it looked, standing by itself at the foot of a slope, with its short avenue of trees leading up to the door. Soon, however, we were inside, and roaring fires in every room helped to raise our spirits and dissipate the gloom, by imparting that cheeriness which fires only can give. Next morning, on exploring our new quar ters, we found that their appearance did not altogether belie their weird and ghostly repu tation. Some stories we had heard about the house being haunted, as the reason of its re maining so long unoccupied, we of course only laughed at. The walls were of enormous thickness, and several of the rooms panelled. Already within the ? panelling, the rats and mice, apprised of the signs of habitation by the fires which had been put in several days before our arrival, once again began to hold their revels. The main passage was narrow, the stairs of stone — one stair leading from the middle floor up to the bedrooms above, containing the public rooms ; the other down to the kitchen range of rooms below, most of which were really below ground, damp and dark, with their walls glistening with moisture. This latter stair led off the lobby near the entrance, and the very idea of descending it gave one a shudder. Upstairs the walls were sloped in over the bedrooms, and so as to give them a square shape, a part of the width had been cut off by partitions next the gable, which left a large dark empty space all round between wall and partition, enough, as the proprietor said, to accommodate half a regi ment of infantry. This, however, had the one advantrge of keeping the rooms dry. At the back of the house a clear brook rippled along, subject to rise and fall with every shower of rain. For four or five days the storm that had ushered us in, continued, but at length one morning a clear, bright sun broke out over the landscape, showing as, from the top of the slope, our insular position with the Ger man ocean on three sides in the distance. Sea-coast towns were also scattered along the shore at intervals, and there appeared a pretty undulating country sparsely planted with trees, without Tillage or hamlet anywhere to be seen among the large cultivated fields, ex cept the big famvsteadings that appeared here and there at considerable distances apart. As time passed, and we settled down in our new abode, I found that the days did not hang so heavily on my hands as I expected, what with the increasing acquaintanceship with very kind and pleasant neighbours, and shooting (kindly granted me by the proprietor) among hares, partridge, Sec., and especially at large flocks of geese which had taken a fancy to the neighbourhood. The children enjoyed the country freedom immensely, and the rores daily deepened in their cheeks from the strong ocean air some seven hundred feet above the sea level. One day I was engaged putting np a swing for Maud and Will, to then* great delight, in the shed that adjoined the house at the back' — an old building of two stories, the lower one of which had open arches, and the upper, once used as a granary, was approached by a trap stair. All at once I noticed through the pane of the outside kitchen door, that led 'into the long passage of that floor, the flutter of a child's dress I well knew, and, at the same moment, a shadow as of someone rapidly passing. Hardly believing my eyes, I looked again, knowing that no one went down to that now disused floor, the outer door of which remained locked, and least of all that the baby would be taken there. There was nothing now to be seen. Oar one servant, I knew, had left for an afternoon holiday, and would not be back for some hours. With a shiver running all over me, half congealing my blood, I flew to the door and looked along the narrow passage, bat nothing was visible. The furthest end door that opened to the staircase leading to the public rooms above still remained closed. I kicked at the out side door, but nothing save the echo replied ; so T. next rushed to the low kitchen window and looked in. All was undisturbed there and motionless 1 The cobwebs still crossed the doors and corners just as they had wont to be. Taking the two children with me, I harried round to the front of the house, where I found their mother at .the front door, with her knitting, enjoying the bright sun shine. Quickly telling her what I had seen as calmly as I could, though not too care fullv. as flie rising nallor on her face betokened. x numediy asKea waere sne naa lerc oaoy. Before I had half done she was flying upstairs, followed by me, to baby's room, where, as she said, she had left him quietly sleeping in his cot. The cot was empty ! Oar darling was away. The clothes even were gone. With a moment's delay, after a rapid glance through the adjoining rooms, we hurried downstairs, down the second flight to the dark, damp, jritnhpn floor, and from room to room we flew, bat not a traoe of ourdarline. I had theu to carry poor Helen upstairs — she had fallen fain^ng on the floor. 1 laid her on a couch, and endeavoured to recover her, in the first place. For some time she remained - in a dazed state, and then, as recollection gradually came back, I urged the necessity of her keeping up till we had made a thorough search for our child, as, from the time I had seen his dress, it was impossible he could be anywhere but still in the house.* With the clear and rapid 'instinct' with which she saw most things, she made the effort needed, and which, I could see at the time, was al most beyond her strength. Again we searched and searched, in the house, round about the house, and everywhere where there was the faintest possibility that the child could be concealed, but in vain; and how the time passed from the moment we first missed him (about three in the afternoon) till darkness began to close in on a short winter day, I can yet but faintly imagine. Going round once more to the back of the house for the' twentieth time, all of a sudden a faint glimmer of light from across the brook caught my eye, along with what I felt certain was the flutter of a child's dress. It seemed in the dusk to be only a few hundred yards off. Without waiting a moment, and dreading to utter an alarm, I sprang across the brook, through the deep swamp and rashes beyond, and, reaching the hard firm meadow, flew along in the direction of the light, of which another glimmer again directed me. The light, I could see, was moving onwards, and as I increased my pace I found I was distinctly gaining on it. A fresh glim mer now and again kept me right, and I only feared breaking down ere it could be over taken. So husbanding my strength as well as my excitement would allow, I kept up the pace, determined to succeed if it cost me my hut breath. Gradually, as the chase con tinued, the licht drew nearer, the slimmer itronger, and the nutter of the child's dress low proved a certainty. A few minutes more md I must be up with it. I thought, too, I sould distinguish in the darkness the outline -f a man; but, so thick had the gloom now lecome, this might have been fancy, as no ;leam that lit up the child's dress ever fell on he figure. For a few seconds I noticed the ight linger at one spot, move up and down, hen again move rapidly on. But now, for he first time, I lost sight of the white dress. [n, a second or two more I was up 'to the jlaee where the light had lingered. This irought me alongside a broad straggling whin 'ence, well known to me as a good cover for partridge. While rushing past, a conscious ness of something white amongst the furze irrested my steps, and pushing in among [hem I bent down over what seemed a mass if white, like a snow drift, in the midst of which, sound asleep, and comfortable and 3osy in his warm blankets and rug, as if he were still in his cot, I discovered our darling ! Even the blankets had been drawn carefully up round his soft warm face, to allow just enough room for air without the least danger sf cold. As I pressed my face to the little round cheeks, and felt the warm breath soming and going, the revulsion was so great, 3oupled with the exhaustion of my run of over a mile, that I could only at the moment 9ink down beside him. I dared not yet trust myself to carry him back, anxious as I felt about those at home. While resting with him in my arms I noticed the light growing fainter md fainter till it disappeared in the distance. kt length, when sufficiently recovered, I rose with my newly-found treasure, to try and re trace my steps homeward in the now pitchy iarkness. Carefully I groped my way back, holding Viim dose to me, and feeling as if the time were an age ere I could return to ex change the grief there for joy. The light from an npper window of the house guided me, otherwise in the thick darkness I might have lost my way. At length the ripple of the brook at the back-door met my ears, and recrossing care Eully I found myself once .more at the back of the house beside the swing, and at the first scene of the mysterious disappearance, an event never to be forgotten, though ending so happily. On coming round to the front all was quiet, the outer door still open, the lower lamps unlit, and not a sound even of the children's voices to be heard. I dreaded the sudden effect of the discovery of her darling on Helen, and my sole anxiety now was how I could break the glad news to her as gently as possible. So, quietly ascending the stair, I reached her room, found its door ajar, and looked in. There she was, seated at a table, her head bent forward on her hands, and per fectly motionless. Maud and Will were sit ting on this hearthrug subdued and silent, looking wistfully up towards their mother. Softly entering the room I signed to the children, who at once saw me, to keep silent, and as softly I laid him down once more in his cot. As his cheek touched the pillow a emfle crept over his face as if even in a dream he felt he was again in safety. And then crossing the room I sat quietly down beside his mother. She seemed in a sort of stupor, out of which omy slowly and with difficulty I succeeded in rousing her, and by degrees, as she caught my cheerful tone, a new light seemed to break in upon her, and she looked me straight in the face. There was no use my attempting to dissemble. The look of good news was too plain to be bidden, though I feared at first the effect of the reaction. Be fore I had half told my tale she caught the meaning looks of the children, and gave one swift glance towards the cot. In an instant she was there, and for a moment the over whelming joy was almost as overpowering as the grief. As the little subject of all this care was loaded with caresses he opened his big black eyes with a smile of welcome all round ; and as each ia turn got a share of his smiles we could hardly realise that the past had not all been a dream. How our house was changed from one of sorrow to one of 'joy that evening I can still well remember. Never after that was baby left for one minute alone, nor was there ever a chance given of that day's history being repeated. Early next morning we made a thorough search of the house from room to room, but nowhere could we obtain a clue to any secret door or passage that might throw light on the mystery. After the foregoing experience it may be supposed I would fain have changed our residence had not strong pecuniary reasons stood in the way, and besides I had a strong desire sooner or later to be at the bottom of the mystery. As the above events began to lose their vividness, without any fresh incident to ex cite suspicion, time passed pleasantly on. One day as I was round in the shed catting up some trees, which a recent storm had blown down, with Maud and Will playing by, I suddenly became aware of the shadow once more crossing the kitchen-door. This time, however, it was alone. Our baby, I knew, was too well watched to be spirited away again. In a moment I was at the door, look ing in along the dark passage; but all was empty there ! Instead, however, now of rush ing round to the front of the house, as I did before, and giving the alarm, I kept watch, and sent Maud quietly round to give infor mation. Keeping Will by me, I watched Maud till she reached the front of the house, where I had left her mother with the ser vant, attending baby in his perambulator. They were all soon round, and, pointing out to Helen a knoll at a little dis tance, which commanded a view of three sides of the house, or of any one attempt ing to leave it, I asked her to retire there with the servant (a strong country girl) and children, and keep watch. Hardly had they left when the shadow again crossed the kitchen floor ; and immediately ?afterwards a slight sound in thegranary drew my atten tion. Unable to keep back. longer, or delay for the sending of a neighbour, which was my first idea, I sprang up the trap stair and listened. In a little the sound was repeated, now distinctly as of a door closing, and then ceased ; but no trace could I find of door or opening of any kind. I took care that, from where'I stood, I could still see the group on the knolL Striking on the wall whence the sound seemed to have proceeded, a faint ap parent echo reached me ; but this, I thought, could be traced to a distinct separate sound. Repeating the blow again and again on dif ferent parts of the wall, at last a hollow sound seemed to answer the stroke, and simultaneously, a part of the wall I had not noticed before, to the side, and nearer the gable, opened slightly, disclosing a long .narrow rent. Another stroke on the same place, I found, was on a stone that yielded to pressure, and showed a widening crevice. With further pressure on the stone, which appeared to be connected with the door by a spring, it reached at last its full width, and disclosed a narrow door in the wall, from which a passage with a dark stone stair case led downwards. This staircase was just wide enough for one man to crush through. Without hesitating, and with a sort of desperation, due partly, perhaps, to my entire unbelief in ghosts, I entered the passage and began to descend the steps, after taking the precaution to get a heavy lamp of wood and leave it in the doorway to prevent any accidental closing. As I went down the narrow staircase, a slight rustle from below told me pretty surely I should find some one there. Each step now brought me nearer the object of my search ; while the flicker of light that presently came from below showed me I was nearer the foot of the stair. In another second or two 'I found myself in a narrow passage ai the foot, faintly lit by a crevice in the wall, and with the figure of a man dimly visible before me! There we stood confronting each . other, not ? a sound to be heard but the breathing of each. After some moments had passed thus in dead silence, I put oat my left hand to feel what sort of wall resisted me on that side, and, if possible, let in some light, and struck against what seemed to be the wooden panel ling of a room. The movement cauied no change in my vis-a-vis. Next placing my back against one side of the passage, I put my foot against the pannelling, and tried to force open a deal ; but in vain. It was too strong to yield to my pressure. Still the figure remained motionless. I then bethought myself of my box of ' vestas,' which, as a smoker, I alwayB carried, and struck a light. As the darkness fled, and the whole passage became visible, with the figure in it, whom and what did I see? For a little I could hardly believe my eyes, and wondered if I, too, were in a dream. A man, certainly, in full flesh and blood, and no ghost, was there, motionless still, his head slightly bent, and eyes fixed on vacancy as in a dream. No sign of seeing me, or of the least alarm at my presence, appeared in his face. But what was strangest of all remains to be told. The face was that of an honest carpenter of our neighbourhood, whom I well knew as a very respectable steady man. I had heard he had been in the habit of disappearing now and then from his house at night for a day or two at a time, and of returning again by night as quietly as he left; while he either refused, or was unable to give any account of his absence. The truth was now plain. The man was a somnambulist. There, too, was the lantern in bis band, still unlit, which, on the former occasion, had guided me by its light. On being addressed, he seemed at first to come ' back to himself' slightly, as if half aware of my presence, and of being caught, but again lapsed into his dreamy state. Going up to him I bade him follow me, which he quietly did, up the stair case, and out by the way I had entered, till he appeared at the foot of the trap stair hi the presence of the wondering group on the grasB, who were now getting anxious about my absence. xeuing ine man quieuy «j ko uuiuc, ouu «* be careful never to repeat his intrusion, he unhesitatingly took the straight road home, and walked steadily away. The effect of the discovery on Helen, her speechless astonish ment and relief at the same time, at such a very practical and homely solution of the robbery of her baby, may be imagined. The man, it appeared, was liable to be affected differently at different times. Sometimes he had more than his ordinary waking wits about him in a certain groove, in the form of an invincible cunning enabling him to elude discovery, and baffling all attempts at trac ing him. At intervals he had always disap peared during the nighc, the somnambulism appearing to continue for one or two days at a time. TTig mode of ingress has been de scribed ; and I found, on carefully examining the passage, that while one end of it led down from the granary, as mentioned, the other led up at the back of a pannelling by a flfght of steps to the rooms above, into which lie ob tained entrance by a sliding deal in the dark enclosure between rooms and gable. The man was about fifty-five, had resided in the district since childhood, and became ac quainted with the secret passage in the course of some repairs, of which he alone had charge — a secret he kept to himself. I afterwards learnt that he had gradually awoke on his ?way home, probably from the disturbing in fluences he had encountered ; while the warn ing given him under his somnambulism had its effect. At the same time, needless to say, I had the secret passages firmly built up, so that no one might again be subjected, either to secret intrusion, or to those hours of sus pense we underwent between the losing and finding of our child. And thus ends my first experience of our country house. — W. S. in London Society. 