©umour. c f f T i v i ^ s y B o i r p A S i s r (Translated from Le Figaro.) Beflexioii gleamed from the album "of an labour question is insoluble": when the wondngnisn is out of worklie.oomplains; when one offers him work he refuses iti " Yes, Taupin, I will tell you a' secret. But oan I be sure of 'your keeping it ? " • Taupin, with a preternaturally solemn air: "Qhyesl I am deaf—and dumb! " A iadi'-killeu who had formerly flirted with one of our most brilliant stars calls upon her after a ten yearS absence. " Here I am," says he, with the air of a conqueror. "I have not forgotten that we left the last chapter of our little romance unfinished." The lady, after contemplating him for a moment: " "Ah yes," she replied, banding him his tot and cane, "1 think it will bp .as 'welT if BEIWKKN D£AB WlUiNBS. Two elegant ladies, but at tlio ace ®fo», tlmr eppourauco diunaiids«^fo.Uiw usuS than ^..dtar?" ."•wj a lUrter a^ft^ou' tc/c Thkv wero pasaiii j in rcvi'ow tiio ifclressK. X'ari3..: " How. do you like Madam X ? " Toibre.BEEs a- nsoiio ». r "Oh I mamil I wish I was liko him I" "Good graoioUB, -child, wist an iJm Whatilo you want to be like a negro for "Because you wobld never have to wash me' than^.. •• ". .. - *1 811 .X—S'fabook-loyeriwhohasthe'mostheatili fully bound-hooks in Paris, shows hiTS' sures ton friend.. 'V 7' The friend examines," is profuse in hit or pressions of admiration, and makes an »t tempt to open, one of the volumos. "Eor heavens , sake be careful'l" oria X—- showing signs of ihe.greatest tenor How Sam Trained his Wife, In it Boston restaurant, at dinner recently «t a man torn Cambridge, ^vho was a nativi "[ New HampsW: feting aa o]a tance from that Indefinite flection known „ "down east," the conversation soon tamsd famUiar way. • "yes," remarked the Cam bridge, gentleman, "Sam was in many speots.different from the rest 5 the"bora Toil remember who ho married? weV when the old man, his father, found that £ •was shinin' round with her, he called kim one.day in the barn and said: '8am d've Inbmd to marry Beckie 1' Sam never saitfa word, so the eld man said: 'Me boy » know all about them. I'oan't tell'von nothin*. To know how the sisters hai turned out, and not one of them is now livin' with their husbands. Sam was as mum as a pantomime, and, just as soon as he-was reaJv him and Beckie got tied. They lived on a farm; and everything went on smooth for about a year, and it oame to hog hutchem' time. Sam got already to have the tisnil party for tho ocoasion, and, just as be ™ sharpen in' up the knives, Beckie oame out and said: 'Sam, I'm going home.' Sam pre tested in his quiet way, bnt it wos no use so he said he'd get a man to row her across'the poni. It w»s about half a mile over. Bhe said : ' No, ye won't; yo'll row me over m- self.' Sam told her he couldn't, and Beckie fired np and said :' Then I'll drown mesell.' Sam said he'd go with her if Bhe wanted to do that, so the. boat was got ready, she got in and they rowed out till the water wob twenti f«t deep. Then Sam stopped and said • Well," Beckie, this is a good plaoe for ve to drown yejwlf I' She didn't open her month. He waited awhile and then said : ' Come. Beokie, I'm in . a hurry to get back.' She never looked up. Sam put down the oan, ctiught hold of her and pitched her in. She grabbed for the boat, but he wouldn't let her git near it. When she was'almost done oil she said: ' 8am, let me in that boat and yell not hear anything more from me out 0' the way.' 80 he pulled her in and they ™t back home. She changed herclothes sndeBtertained the guests. They're now nearly 80, anjl you never saw a happier old couple-dij you ? I don't think they ever spoke of that dookin' sinoe the day she was goin' to drew herself."—Detroit Free Prett. 1 A Tennessee Cliost Oomes to a house in Hamilton County, end rocks tho baby to sleep every night. Now, I then, by ail the dwellers in the nether gloom, if there is a restless ghost of any old ancestor of oura would like to find steady employment at good wages in a quiet family and good neighborhood, we can give the pcrtmfel spirit all it wants to do in the silent line tfl 1 ;encral housework, with Sunday afternoon I l or itself, and one night out every week whet it oould go around snd raise a ghostly faciei I with the neighbors, and haunt,all the lonely I houses in the neighborhood. What a gen | of a liouse-servant a ghost would be. Nets I "sass" back; always invisible. The pi!I would come on the table as though it wm I sailing through the air ; the carpet-sweeper I would perform its noisdeBS functions without I the howling accompaniment of " Gnahm I gnah-na-tha-wah- ".—thati" • war the plaoe whajft I the whisky is plenthy—whack I foi dheml loll" And at night it could haunt all (hi objectionable^ neighbors until they fled ' neighborhood, and property would dopreciale I seventy-five per cent., when we could buy it is I apd whack up with the ghost. No light ml I no fire required for tho ghost's room, ft private watchman wanted on the block; no dog on the premises. When a burglar climbed in at the window, and felt the cold, clammj fingers of the ghost wriggling down the baeM his neck; when he drove a ten-inch bowie-knife clean through the ghost's bosom five timts.nnl the spectre smiled sadly at him, and showed him where his throat had been cut cleat of nine years before—how the robber would drop his kit and wing his restless flight to realm beyond the farther limits of tho city corporate. And when the door-bell rang, the ghost mull I just stick its head clear through the key-hole • and see who was there before the door rt I opened. And there would be no sweetheart! ghost out of a job, send him at once to this I office.—The Argonaut. The Horoscope. Before a blear-eyed crone, a withered hag Who told maids' fortunes, two fair eiitf I stood, r Watching her bony fingers, void of blood. I Drop cards prophetic on an outspread rag. I Brunette and blonde those sisters, fair L '| mom, This white anemone, that poppy brown, This crest of Spring, and that of Aotonul orown, I Both hoping for tbe birth of hours unborn. I " Your life will pass in pain and dreariment. r So spake the sibyl to the proud brunette. I " But he," she whispered, " he will lovon*! 1 yet?" Sea." " Be it so, then. I shall be ci Next spake the witch to her with snow-fWl breast, J That you shall ne'er love 'tis writ ttonj " But I," die whispered, " I at least»' love?" . _ es." "Be it so, then. Thus Bball I "I . blest." —From, the French of Francois Gopi Lover Loquitur. NR LOUISE R. OORASV. Liege lady 1 believe me, ' All night, from my pillow I beard, hut to grieve me, The plash of the willow; The ram on the towers; Tbe winds without number; In the gloom of the hours, And denial of slumber: And night to the dawning— My heart aching blindly, Unresting and mourning That you were unkindly— What did I ostensibly. Ah I what under heaven, Liege lady I but sensibly Doze till elefven ? 