Caulfield Results and Bemarks. The Amateur Turf Club were wondrously fortuuate in the weather last Saturday after hood, aud the attractive events set forth on the card having drawn good fields of horses, it is not to be woudered at that the public gathered strong on the prettily-arrauged course, and that the funds were materially benefited thereby. His Excellency drove early to the ground in his naiiy new four-in- hand drag, and he handled his team of dipped bays in the eame quiet workmanlike way which 1 well recollect his doiug in the dear old country so many years agone ub to remind me not "to put myself away" by eduim rating tbetn. The Victorian Sandowu never looked to greater advantage, the track, the lawn, and the paddock being beautifully verdant, and the glass- enclosed aland filled to overflowing with well-dressed spectators of general convenience tban the announced inten tion of commencing at one o'oiock, and start ing the last race at four, so thai folks oould get comfortably home before dark to their din ner or their tea, as might best accord with personal custom or social rank at such hour of the evening. Many of the latest improve ments effected by the secretary, Mr. N. R.D. Bond, afforded noticeable eattefaouon, audit requires bat very little more to make the spot perfect. The opening item was a Selling Race, which came to Castaway, a mare traiued by Mr. Phillip Dowliug, and who only ranked third in the betting, Halifax being the favourite, but not getting plaoed. The Hurdle Race proved a great triumph for Mr, J. O. Ingiia on his own horse Buzza, who won with lots in hand, though oarrying tho top weight list. 31b. Triplet, the Ade laide mare, started favourite, and ran a fair second ; but Musidora disappointed her backers, and I learn she received a nasty kick from Devilshoof, which "knocked spots out of her." The Vic toria Guld Cup, a gentleman rider Steeplechase, deservedly fell to Blank Jacket, with young Mr. Godfrey Watson in the pig skin, neither horse nor man making a mis take from end to end ; but had Abdallah been made more use of the first half of the journey, aud less In the second, the gallant grey might have reversed the verdict. Mr. Tom Watson bad the mount on Baronet, and being 12>b. overweight he plnokily, but unwisely, rode bare-baoked,the eumipa being fastened to a simple surcingale ; itu not to be wondered at, therefore, that he came to grief when the obeanut hit the fenoe on the rise very hard. The "plum of the pud- J ding," the Ladies' Trophy (it should have been Trophies) brought out no less than 42 starters, the largest number which ever faced a flag this side the line ; and this field has I seldom been beaten at home, the most note- worthy instanoe being the Stewards' Gup, r at Goodwood, .when 46 sported silk, and I Croagh Patrick, an animal exported to Aus- I tralia, turned out the winner. The South Aus- B tralian bred Gboattnade a show of his numer- f one opponents at the finish of the six furlong |. flutter, and rather to the euipriseof hie own fi stable, who had put their dimes on Trans- f erred, in oonsequenoe of the latter having m had the best of atrial, in which Bar One also took part. This i auothpringtaoo1, added to the man), of " knowing too much," and coining to sorrow thereby. A few outside backers, however, pulled off fair stakes by the unexpected victory, a gentleman recently from home having pocketed the nice little sum of £1700. the major part of which was straight- out betting, but the balanoe gained by taking ten horses agaioet the field. Au anecdote has also come to my ken of some parties at Geelong, to save the bother of try ing to pick a winner, putting the 67 original nominations in a hat and drawing one name out — that of The Ghost being seleoted hap hazard four times in succession, aud the animal consequently invested upon in one of the Melbourne tutaiis&tor; companies, sthough only for a small sum. By- the- bye, my fancy, Tichboruo, had a bind leg cut very badly in the running, and thus lost all chance. The Open Steeplechase proved rather a surprise, an the maiden jumper, General Jackson, easily defeated the vaunted Vaulter, and rather to the vexation of hie friends, who had not supported him on account of his bnviog injured a leg over a fence ou tbe previous Monday. It is worth telling, by-the bye, that Gold Top came all the way .from Bella- rat in tbe morning, took part in bothsteeple chases during the afternoon, and returned home tbe same evmiug. 