SPOILING NOTES. Oil Saturday last the A(iif') eifr Turf Club' held a most successful meeting a J O.t'ulti'eld'. The principal event was the Ladies' Trophy, and it is needless to say that it brought out a largo field of 42 starters. All of the horses wei'd nominated by ladies. The betting before the race was not heavy, but when the horses were at the post ft' little was indulged in. Transferred was the favorite at 100 to 10, whilst the winner, The Ghost, from South Australia, started at 100 to 6. The Ghost won easily, with Liddington second, and Transferred third. Batty rode fclid winner. The Steeplechase was won by General Jacksorij who beat the favorite, Vaulter, by a length'. Altogether tho meet-, ing was a pleasant one. . , ; The dispute between the Sale and' (Teelong Clubs, whose meetings came so close upon one another, has been settled, the Geelong Club having given away. Their meeting will now take place on the 9th August, a week later. The handicaps for the spring meetings have been made. The Hawkesbury Handicap will be run on the 25th August, the Sydney Metropolitan on the 4th September, and the Melbourne Cup on the Gtli November. As usual a very large number have entered for the Melbourne Cup, but judging by the heavy weights given some of the horses, it is probable that the greater portion will be withdrawn. The severe handling at the hands of Mr. Barnard has caused dissatisfac tion to not only owners of horses but backers. Already several fine animals have been scratched, including Segenlioe, who many thought would have a say in this year's Cup. Commotion stands at the head of the fist, with lOst. lib., and his next companion is Navigator, with 9st. lllbs. Commotion carries 9st. 121bs. in the Sydney Metropolitan^ and Navigator 9st. Gibs.; whilst Pell Mell, with 9st. 31bs., is at the top for the Hawkesbury Handicap. The handicaps for the V.R.C. Winter Meeting, to be run on tho 21st inst., have also been published. The Grand National Hurdle and Grand National Steeple are the principal events, arid wagers jure already in quired for. The winner of the Adelaide Birthday Cup, Little Jack, has been shipped to Mauritius, to the order of a' sporting gentleman there, who, the Sportsman states, is desirous of beating the other Victorian imported horse, Beadsman. . The Deiiiliquin races take place on the 18th inst., the weights for which will be declared on Monday. Sucli horses as Omad liaun, the winner of the Bendigo Telegraph Stakes, Terminus (cut throat fame), who ran second, Artful Joe, Tipperary Boy, and others well-known for their racing powers. An enjoyable meeting is promised. Darebin has been sent to his owner's stable to stand for stud purposes, us also lias Bosworth, full brother to the famous Rich mond. Coulstoun and Illusion have been sold to Mr. J. Leelc for £1,050, and Coriolanus to Mr. Maitland for £600. Mr. C. S. Agnew, the owner of The Assyrian, winner of the last Melbourne Cup, has been disqualified for a twelve month by the Tasmanian Turf Club, for some remarks anent the decision of the. stewards in declaring Rhesus winner of the Launceston Cup. Mr. Agnew intends taking legul procoodinga - ii\ ..Uia_Supreme. Court, Tasmania, and in a letter to the Sportsman, requests all racing clubs in Australia to withhold endorsing the decision of the Tasmanian Club until the matter is decided. The Tasmani.an Racing Club has refused to endorse the decision of their northern friends. Australian Court, who is better known by his late name of Stag, and Ontario is the favorite double for tha Grand National Hurdle and Steeple, at 100 to 0. Against anything else 100 to .2 could easily be obtained on Thursday. Amongst other doubles taken are Dizzy, Parade, and Gambler coupled with Australian Court, Alhambra, Eucliro and Sailor for the National Steeple. Archie and "Warwick are still at 5 to 1 in the market for the V.R.C. Derby, and Off Color 6 to 1. 10 to 1 others. Mr. Cooper's nomination for the Waterloo Cup (coursing) is still at 100 to 10. Messrs. Chirnside's and Hill's have fallen back. On the 9th May the Great Payne Stakes were run in London, and Splendor, owned by Mr. G. Stead, of New Zealand, with C. Wood up, won by about a length ahead of Ladisles, with Fordham up: Fred. Archer rode Lord Falmouth's Grandmaster, but was nowhere. The Great Manchester Cup of £2,000 was won by Primrose on the 17th of May, with C. Wood in the pigskin. This jockey is now the best in England, lie having ridden more winners in than either Archer or Fordham within the last few months. Archer rode in the same race, his mount, Knight of Burghley, being the favorite. In the New Zealand betting market, Com motion, Navigator, Pell Mell, Warwick, Archie, and Oil' Color wore the favorites for the Melbourne Cup. This was before the weights were made known. Most probably these names have now been substituted by others. The "bookies" there have double books on the New Zealand Cup and Mel bourne Cup. Jem Mace is at present travelling through ^Sheffield, England, with Siadc, the Maori. On the 11th of September Slaclo will fight Mitchell, the English pugilist, for £800. A young bicyclist named Howell, the winner of the mile, ten, twenty, and twenty five miles championships, is doing wonderful feats. He has ridden three mile heats from scratch in 2 min. 45 l-5th sees., 2 mins. 45 2-5th sec3., and 2 mins. 46 4-5th sees., the best time on record. Ho is a young man, 20 years of age, stands 6 feet 1J> inches, and weighs 12st. 81bs. In Chicago (U.S.) trotting is the principal feature in horse racing. The Summer Trotting Club commence a meeting on the 14th inst. to last for seven days, and during that time something like £10,000 will be trotted for. It is reported that the Postmaster-General of England has bestowed the badge of merit on Joseph Kirby, rural postman for the Deeping district, who, during the past fourteen years, is estimated to have walked 100,000 miles. A twenty miles swimming match for £200 a-side took place on the 30th April in the Lambeth Baths, England, between Webb, the hero of the Channel, and W. Beckwith. After going 12 miles Webb took ill, and had to retire. Beckwith did 10 miles in 5 hours 20 mins. 57 sees., 20 minutes ahead of his rival. The Exhibition Building has been secured for the Edwards-O'Leary walking match. M'Dennott is alleged to have walked 50 miles in 9 hours lli minutes at Wilcannia. The wager was for £25. On the 0th of November next the Roches ter Athletic Club will hold their annual sports. A sculling match for £100 a-side will take place on the Paramatta course on the 2Sth inst. between Edward Trickett and Beach. Both men are in active training. The champion sculler (Hanlon) has been matched to row Ross on the 18th inst. at Ogdensburg, New York. The stake is £200 aside, and the Ogdensburg people have sub scribed. and another is £400 to bo added. The Krug Champagne Cup race lias been allowed to Middleton, who, it was alleged, went inside the buoy at tlie mile post. The protest by Brett was dismissed by eight votes to seven. Middleton holds the cup until November. Elias Laycock throws out a challenge tu row any person in Australia over the championship course at Paramatta for £200 a-side. On Monday next the entries close with the secretary of the Melbourne Gun Club for the annual champion stake of £100 and Champion Gold Medal. The entrance fee is £2. . The wrestling match between Professor Miller and Edward Blackburn has been de clared oil", neither party being able to come to an agreement. It is probable that the champion fencer, Professor Miller, will meet M. Victor j shortly for £50 ;i-sidc. Miller has, however, [ io allow Victor 10 points out of 21. Ill a- recent; billiard matcli Win, Cook made eighfy-eiglit consecutive cannons in the I middle of the only using the " cusliion" three times during the- break. 