Sfcetcber. IN THE DE£TH STATION. FflOU the RECOLLECTIONS or A SIBERIAN -3-:' J'COITIVE. I had lived four years as exile in Siberia, in the village of Balachca, when one night the opportunity caine to escape with the horse and sleigh belonging to the ins|)ector of the exiles. I flew out of the village and all-night long through solitary plains of snow without stopping. As dawn approached I saw a vil lage on ray right, but fearing recognition and -»pture I went on across the endless wastes of snow, after pausing down in a ravine to feed my norsc ana strongmen myseii wiin orunuy. On I went, the whole day without having seen a single human being. Toward night my horse grew weary and soon could' only walk. At last he stood still, panting heavily. I was uneasy, for X feared if I remained quiet there on the plain, I mi^lit be surprised either by wolves or by the in numerable tramps of Siberia. Unfortunately, 1 did not know in what direction I had journeyed during the last hours, for I might have approached the place 1 started from. For readiness in any case, I drew out two re volvers, also stolen- from our inspector, charged each barrel with ball and laid them both before mc. After ray horse had stood awhile and eaten snow, he showed readiness to proceed. But whither? I did not know, and left it to the horse to go where he would. As soon as he felt the loose rein he turned at once to the left and went off in a quick trot. Meanwhile it grew darker and darker till at last I could scarcely see a step before me. But the horse seemed to trace something, for he pointed his cars continually and looked steadily before him. 1 also was watchful, and standing up in the slcigb, gazed straight ahead. But I saw and heard nothing, and . was about to sit down again when I suddenly pcrceived a point of light in the distance. My horse also saw it and trotted faster for ward. Tliis light might come from a farm house window, but it might also camc from a fire built by wanderers in the snowy desert. ' Be it what it may,11 Isaid to myself, ' 1 must get out of this uncertain situation though f&U; in with robbers.' Soon afterward I could discern the outline of a great structure which stood alone in the middle of the desert, and from whose one window the rays of light shown. I was especially struck with the loneliness of the building and the smoke which came .'from the ono window. Afraid of being observed, I drove slowly and quietly up, stopped by the hock wall of the strange building, fastened Ihe horse to a post, threw a heap of hay before him, and then stole cautiously and noise lessly up to the window whence the light streamed. Accustomed to the darkness, my eyes could at first distinguish nothing of the interior ; it was only after some minutes that I realized the picture presented to iny view. But this Bccne was so frightful that my blood curdled in my veins, my hair rose on end and a cold sweat broke out on my brow. The whole interior of the bnilding was filled with smoke which rose from a burning pile of logs in the centre. Bound this fire sat three men whose faces had a fantastic look in the red glow of the fire. Near tho hearth, in tbe loose boards of the floor, a great opening was visible, from which six men, one after another, soon came out, and each bore a stiffened human corpse 1 The bodies were wrapped only in linen, and were chalk-white from frost. The bearers wore peasants* dress, and were robust fellows with rough, repulsive faces. Two of the men sitting round the fire were dressed in city clothes, while the third ap peared like a butcher ; lie-wore a blue apron, had his sleeves rolled up and held a great knife in his hand. When the six peasants entered with tbeir dreadful burden, the three stepped back from the fire, and the six corpses were put in their place, erect round the i-ileof logs like candles ! It was a horrible sight for me ! The fire glared upon the white forms of the dead, ! while over their heads the black smoke gathered. I distinguished among them four j men, a woman and* a boy. One of the male corpses bad a beard of extraordinary length. When the bodies were somewhat thawed they were taken by the peasants from the fire and laid on the floor on the outspread linen. At the same moment the 41 butcher' went up to the corpses with his great knife and thrust it deep in the abdomen of the one nearest him. I could not explain to myself the mean ing of this whole scene. I simply stared, and saw how with almost indifference the ' but cher' ripped open the abdomen, took out the insides, carved, divided, and showed to the city dressed men, and then thrust again into the body belonging to them. I had often in my life witnessed terrible events, but what I saw here went beyond all human conception. It seemed to be that all this was more a fantasy of my wearied brain than a raalitv. I remembered how authors i of horrible tales after presenting a train of im- \ possible, unhcared of occurrences an4d exciting ! the reader's curiosity to the highest degree, | suddenly broke off with the simple sentence : ' I walked up, the bright sunshine, etc.' What happened in romances might be in reality, I rubbed my eyes, looked, tried to collect my \ thoughts, in vain 1 I did not sleep, I saw, I heard, I breathed I Before mc the wall of the awful building, blackened by the eternal storms ; near me my tethered horse, and my sleigh ; all about mc a boundless waste of snow; above mc the sullen, clouded Siberianheavcns. What should I do? I thought to myself. Should I fly? But where ? Or should I penetrate into the j house and shoot down these desecrators of the dead ? Terrified, benumbed, I stood there half dead and did not know what to dccidcupon. At lastl concluded te abandon this unlucky post of observation. I wanted to steel softly to my sleigh again and run up and down, but my feet refused to serve me. I tried to scream out ; my voice died in my throat. An impenetrable mist veiled my thoughts, para lyzed my will. I already began to doubt the correctness of my judgment. I could not understand who I was, who these dreadful people were, what was tho object of their terrible doings. Finally the moment came, the one moment in my life when I began to believe in a supernatural world, in ghosts or mystic sorcery. But this moment did not last long. Then, as I, so perplexed, mused nnd stared within, I suddenly felt someone from 'be- hind seize me by my fur collar and ronr fear fully at me. Like a broken straw I dropped without a sound and knew no more that hap pened to me. When I recovered my consciousness and opened my eyes, I lay in the snow while the two men in city clothes rubbed my forehead with snow and tried to revive and encourage mc. ' You are frightened, my friend/' one of them said to me. 'Do not fear; we will donothing to you. We are doctors and here only in the discharge of our duty.' 'Yes — but the corpses.' I could soared)' utter the words. 'The corpses, brother,' one of the men re* plied, ' arc of the peasants in this region who died of cholera, and here in the Death Station we have dissected them. By accident you witnessed the most repugnant work of our ofiice. Such a scene is offensive to anyone, but most so to those who have never before seen it. If it is agreeable to you to travel with us to the nextpost-station, it will give ub great pleasure,' concluded the amiable doctor. But I thanked him for his invitation, pleaded a pressing business journey, climbed then with the assistance of both doctors into my sleigh, and rode swift as an arrow off and away. I breathed freely when I fdt myself alone again on the plains, but I was long agitated by what I had seen in the Lonely Death Station. In Siberia sudden deaths frequently occur, hut there in such a case they may not inter the body without its inspection by the police and a post mortem examination by physicians ; but the number of doctors in Siberia is insuffi cient, so, between the solitary villages so called Death Stations are erected, to which the dead are brought and placed in cold cdlars built for Jthem, remaining there till a police and medical commission arrives and examines them. Then, only, arc they separately con veyed tp their lonely burial places and in terred. Thus I was the involuntary witness oi such a judicial post mortem, and I shudder even now when 1 recall that night during my flight from Siberia. — From the German. 