The Melbourne Cup. Tlic following account of tbo Melbourne Cup 'lay appeared iu the Sydney Mail of Saturday lost : TI1B 1MIE6SE8. Tlic general cffcct of the mdeorological prediction, however, was (o produco a somo wliat eombro and almost shabby cffcct. There were many beautiful dresses, it is true, but beautiful dresses were not tiio rule. You could not. help somehow identifying the dresses with the wearers. Taking them by hazard as (hey showed themselves, you could, hardly help fancifully comparing theiu to otlier tilings. Thus you would sco a field of primroses fonccd in with carnations, a Hock of dorcs floating among * clouds of soft Iqcc, a tablet of drab oddly relieved with patohea of narrow ribbon, as if railway tickets of divers colours had been spread upon a stone floor ; an atrocity of green plaid int:nsiQed with bluo patches struggling urnong black velvet, blended with Unassorted flowors, topped with an ill* fitting brown bonnet, and surmounted w itli a fiercly red parasol, which threw a lurid light | upon an unhappy face ; a wholly white figure I encircled with a black belt; a sweet face and | noblo figure completely drapod in grey silk, | fitting close ; another stately figure, but I solemn face, wrapped in undefined blue of some soft material, and having but a single I flower (o break tho prevailing tone; a dress of ! creamy silkehaded by a chintz parasol a chocolate I satin gown valanced with cornice fringe, a black | silk skirt Hashing with bugles and nicked with I sunflower leaves; a palo face shaded by a I parasol, composed, a? it might be, of clippings [ of Oscar Wilde's lectures ; a inountuinof flesh, | wrapped in plum-colour satin, having many I projections ; another mountain of fcmule , liumnnity, covered with brown silk, and having > scroro eyes, tomperrd by a pitwe viz ; a morry I fucc at tho end of a brown uUtcr; a pyramid! i of woman, yellow satin at tbo base, a white ' silk bonnet at the npox, a middle zone of breezy , hlac; another woman pyramid, whose apex was lace, whose zone was represented by a red vcl ; vet jacket, and whose base was solemn black ; ' a formation of which tho upper stratum was ; dark green velvet, the next lower deposit pink i chintz Bilk, and the lowest deposit of all aome sullen red stuff; a statue in steel blue silk, I with a glint of primroso in tho skirt; a fiery } face set off with a fiery brown silk gown, made j hotter still with some kind of red bronze trim 1 uiing ; an attenuated form in half mourning : I tempered with withered flowers ; a cheerful I j facc over a figured blue satin robe, softened | I with creamy lace; a heavenly face smiling ont of a cloud of delicate crey muslin ; a figure that suggested a blue pedestal supporting a whole basket of flowers ; another pedestal all drab, but in contrast with a crimson face ; a sickly woman in sickly yellow silk, which hung limp about her limbs; a ghoBtly face topping a figure in tho most funereal of black; a huge woman in black satin, meandered with much drab ribbon; an amazing solidity of flesh in voiaminousilue soft silk: another largo crea ture in navy bluo satin. topped with a green umbrella; a sample of black and gold as if it had been rigidly ruled with a equate ; an elonga tion of grimness in dull blaok, and veiled in rusty red ; a lace broader than long, matched by A figure of the same kind in pink and black silk ; a dissatisfied face at the summit of a robe of figured red velvet; a pleasant little girl all in blue, including the shoes and stockings, giving one the agroeable impression of coolness; another little girl, all lace and gentleness; a third shapely little girl with a primrose frock, black silk stockings, and black satin shoes; two elegant girls in soft bine, gemmed with a singlo red flower; a winsome fee© and a lissome figure set off with white silk and a bluo flower; a stately figure in pink silk, with tender con trasting red ribbon* ; a winning face, under a salmon-coloured parasol, and a skim-milk gown to match; a thin faoe and a highly developed nose at the ond of a duster of rod, whito, and blue silk ; a basis of black, with a confusing relief of inharmonious flowers; a dissatisfied face set in a hugt± bonnet loaded with violets ; a suspicious face over a robe of sikly pink; lankness, in * long loose ulster of grey alpaca; an elegaut woman in complete black, with the single relief of a heavy gold necklet; a sweet vulgarian in red velvet, trimmed with a whole shopfnl of various coloured ribbons; another vulgarian, equally sweet in tumid brown satin, flooded with a very consignment of lace; a conservatory of flowers in pink silk vases; a happy-looking woman, representing eveiy known colour, and several colours that are un-, known; a comfortable old party in useful l>lack silk, topped with on alarming white feather; a tall girl, in a primroso gown, with a black hat trimmed with marigolds; a staring face out of a hefcp of staring blue ; a cheap kaleidoscope ; | j a pretty brunette, in a dark red gown, with | ' a sailor hat and a pepper»&nd-siut; parasol; I a gloomy face, in striped pink silk ; a solemn i form, in bJack satiu, with a cold necklet aud ' a brick-red parasol; a thoughtful woman, in , unrelieved blaok; a lilac robe, a black hat I trimmed with yellow and red flowers, and | enormous brown gauntlet gloves* large bluo eyc8.eeb in soft grey, the eyes being by far the mo6t considerable item in the costume ; a mass of purple, with whito glass bead trimmings, a blue jacket, aud a Bunflower; an oyo«gIass, in ! a sea of brown silk; a bronze figure, crowned with ecru lace; a dress euggeeti ve of a mixture j of milk and red pepper ; an entire blaok cos- | tumo with a white neoktio; a gown of green, ? and a hat all salad; a drab frooK with a bat of hundreds and thousands; a field of sno*r with ] islets of raw beef; a pretty girl, with * rustic ] but not vulgar air, in a wnite frook, and a simplo straw hat; a thunderstorm of blaok,! with lurid streaks in the weather- gleam; a! comely ghost in grey: a block gown of soft j satiu tempered with red poppies; a brilliantly ' bandsomo woman, with a histoiy, wearing a I dress compounded of many colonics and divers i materials, but also artistically blended as toi produce a wondrous'and lustrous whole-in fact, a dress and a woman to dream of; an erect figuro in steel bine figured silk, harmonised with soft lace and a parasol of quaint do-ign; a black »#o tipped with a preposterous parasol, seemingly made out of striped red and blaok stockings. The parasols did not, as in former years, display much invention. It seemed as if the pretty parasols had mostly been left at home in favour of umbrellas. Tho Governor, of course, could not come, in consequence of the death of his daughter j but ns ho has several Governors visiting him at prosont, thoy came, and were received loyally as his substitutes. Altogether tho Cup Pay of 1883 will be remembered among tbo best of tbo Oup Days. | TUB RACE. TheCup l-aco ii thus described: "Altera trifling delay, Mr. Watam lowered lus flag. The immema field seemed to leave in one lino. When they got close enough to be noticed Dukedom iras aeen at the front, with a slight ndvantneo oE Archie, Magnet, and Claptrap ; and as they came on Claptrap got liis head in [rent, and led past the stand. Archie, Linda, Magnet, Aide-de-Camp," Martini- Henry (who tripped and nearly fell], First Demon and Firlt Water following in a great hunch. Claptrap was ousted at the torn, sod Arohio, taking up the running, led Linda half a length put the bridge, Olaptrap, Aide-de-Camp, and Dukedom coming next, clear of Martini-Honryt, Despot, Commotion, First Demon, and Laspia. Still 1 forcing the pace, Linda and Archie led their Geld along the back of the oourso and on to tho abattoirs, whoro tboy were two lengths in front of Aide-de-Camp, Martini-Henry, and Dukedom, noxt to whioh could bo seen Despot, Commotion, First Demon, First Water, and Sardius. Linda and Archie, tho latter of which had run a groat horsa unlor tho weight, now began to tire, and when half a mile from home Aide-de-Camp got his hoad in front, whifo Caima held a good position on thn extreme outside. Aide-de-Camp was now loft at the front, but Commotion was hard upon liirn, nod a little further on tho Champion Raoo winnor challenged and beat him in a low Btrides. A great roar from tho hill declared thit the lop weight had his field in trouble, hut it wns all too scon, for no sooner wero their heads fairly turned tor home than Martini Homy dusbed up on tho incide and assuinod tho oommand, while First Water, in the oentro, began to como through his horses voty fast. The Derby winner refused to bo caught, and Williamson, sitting down on him for fear of being caught supping, landod him a clever winner by two lengths. First Water, on whom M'Grade read & great race, boat Commotion by tluuo parts of a length for second place, and then came First Demon, Aide-do-Camp, Magnet, Hocovery, Archie, and Nicholas. Time, 3 mine. | 30& sees." Martini-Henry was bred in New Zealand, and was purchased by the Hon. James White for 1,200 guineas, and his double victory, as well as that of Iolantho in the Maribyrnong 1 Plate, must be highly gratifying to his owner, Mr. White, and his trainer, Xrennelly. Ho is by Musket from Sylrta, the dam of Golds borough and Robin Hood. Bis stable com panion, Despot, nearly fell when passing the stand, and pulled up rery lame. Had it not been for this accidcnt Mr. White's horses bado fair to haTe been first and second. Martini* Henry started first fsrouritt at & lo 1. 