KIT: A MEMORY.—BY JAMES PAYN, ADTHOH OF " LOST SIK MASSIMGBEBD," " BY PBOXY," " HIGH SPIRITS," " UNDEB ONE ROOF," " A GBAPE FROM A THOBN. CHAPTER XXVIII. MAIIK'S COB ItE S L'OND E NT. KIT had Bpoken with bitterness of the welcome, so different from hia own, which he knew waa waiting Frank Meade at the Dovecote; but he might have instanced even with more reason the CbriBtmaa greeting that waa in atore for Mark at the Knoll. For what is a father's pride for hia son (no matter what reason there may be for it), as compared with that of a mother, whether there be reason or no? Nor is the devotion of an ancient retainer, however faithful, such as Rachel Deeds, to be compared with that of a sister. The three young men, Kit, Frank, and Mark, indeed, though you might " cover them with a handkerchief," as the phraee goes, as regards propinquity, and though they were in the same plane of social life, were in very different positions as regards their own homes ; while the time was coming, and very near at hand, when their several relations to the world at large ahould be Btill more diverse. Frank had already tried hia wings, and successfully. Kit, as we know, was preparing for flight, though his goal WSB leas assured. Mark alone bade fair to remain in the maternal nest surrounded by the old home influences. But what was so dreadful, or what Beemed BO to his mother, Mark himself waB changed. The prophecy Mr. Penrbyn had made to her, when Bhe went to consult him upon her Bon's going to Cambridge, had proved correct. Mark was not the same Mark he had been before. He was just as " good" (so poor Mrs. Medway expressed it), juat aa kind, just aB affectionate to her and his sister as ever, but he was not the Bame. She had Bent him from her, not without many a pang, because he had seemed to mope and pine, but his spiritB had far from benefited by the change, and whereas he had formerly moped over BorlaBe and his own projected County HiBtory, he had now lost hiB interest even in them, and pined as much as ever—for nothing. It had always been with effort that he had thrown himself into Buch mattera as usually engage the mind of youth; even the BchemeB of amusement that had been devised for him, he bad entered into without relish, and for the sake of those who proposed them rather than for hiB own; but whither the silken threads of home influence had hitherto been sufficient to lead hirii, he could not now be dragged by cart-ropes. Society, which had been always uncongenial to him, was now become abhorrent. And, after one visit to the rectory, and another to the Dovecote, he seemed to have had enough even of his old friends. It was Mr. Penrhyn's opinion that Euclid had done it. " One never knows," he explained to Mrs. Medway, "how early mathematics begin to warp the human mind." The doctor, on the other hand, assured that good lady it waB " liver ;" that beer at breakfast which yonng men took at Cambridge was " fatal," and would account for any amount of torpor. But though Mark was " distrait" and more self-involved than ever, he was not torpid. A student and a thinker, he had always been disinclined for physical exertion, but now he took long walks alone. " You are sure he is alone," said the doctor slily. " Oh dear me, yes," returned Mrs. Medway confidently ; " I wish it was as you suggest; if it were even one of the general's daughters (though none of them are quite what I Bhould wish for Mark), or Miss Trefusis (though Mark says there is nothing in her), or indeed anybody " " I don't think that would do, my dear Mrs. Medway," put in the doctor, Bmiling, " in the case of such a paragon as your son." " Well, of course, she must be a good girl and a lady; indeed, I can trust to Mark himself for that; but I confesB I should like to see him with Bome object." "An object!" " Now don't tease, doctor ; you know very well what I mean. It was bad enough when Mark buried himself in his books; but now he doeB nothing, nothing, and is just aa melancholy as ever. You know how under the circumstances" (here the widow dropped her voice) " this must needs alarm and trouble me." " Nay, nay," Baid the old doctor, patting her on the shoulder encouragingly, "there is nothing to be alarmed about in what you tell me. If Mark waB a girl indeed " Here he Btopped, but his tone implied clearly enough that in that case there would have been no reason to be astonished at anything. "Of course," answered Mrs. Medway, "but then Mark is not a girl." " Just so; one is certain of one's facts so far," said the doctor drily. " Well, my advice is to find out what he ia thinking about." " But I can't ask him that, Dr. Meade, or at least if I did be would not tell me." " Probably not, but you can ask hia friend. If this change has taken place in him, it must have happened at Cambridge. Perhaps—since he exhibits auch unusual walking pbwers—be has outrun the constable?" " Mark in debt ? ImpoBBible!" "To be sure. If he owed anything he would pay it. I forgot what a mother he had. But whatever it is, depend upon it Kit Garston knows it." " I am not so sure of that. Mark is not so devoted even to Kit aB he was " ' ' That may be because Kit knows it." " I am Bure Mark has done nothing to be ashamed of—nothing, that is, which he wishes to conceal from his mother," said Mrs. Medway. " My dear madam, that observation is not like your ueual good Bense. He haB done nothing disgraceful, no doubt; but there are some things a young man does not wish to tell hia mother." " You don't know my Mark, doctor," replied the lady confidently. " Perhaps not. I have, I flatter myself, more than a bowing acquaintance with human nature, but then Mark, as you say, is an angel. Well, at all events, if there ia anything not quite angelic about him, Kit will have found it out. Ask Kit." Accordingly Mrs. Medway approached the subject with the young gentleman in question, with much unnecessary caution; for Kit knew what it was all about at her first word. " No," he said, "upon hia honour, Mark had confided to him no secret, nothing that could in any way account for his reticence and depression," "But you could find out if you pleased," Baid Mrs. Medway. She used the expression in its conventional sense, but fortunately perhaps for her views Kit thought more seriously of it. He imagined it to have been wrung from her by irritation. "If it will please you, Mrs. Medway," he answered impressively, " I will do my best to find it out. Otherwise my friend's Becrets are hia own till he chooses to speak of them." A reply which made all the impression on her which he intended it to do. It showed him to be a man devoted to his friend in the best way; jealous of his own high privileges, but ready to sacrifice them to his friend's interests. " I can't understand why Mark walks so," observed Mrs. Med* way thoughtfully. " You speak of him aB if he were a ghost," replied Kit smiling, " I'll find out why he does it, and I think I can lay him. But, if I do, you must promise this, my dear Mrs. Medway : never to aBk me how it was done." " Indeed, my dear Kit, if it is only done—if my son is restored to me as he once was—I shall have, no room in my heart for curiosity, it will be too full of gratitude." . An observation that was very pleasant hearing to lier.young friend, for if what he suspected was what waa wrong witfrSfeark, it was necessary that he Bhonld keep the remedy he:prbpp8M'to apply to it a secret; and again, it was very satiafa6tpr; ta^t£'to be able to lay Mrs. Medway, of whose goodofficeB hBgnSt&tonb; day stand in need, under a new obligation, /' The task he had undertaken did not eeem to him<jfiB» BQ^ " KIT AND THE POSTMISTRESS."—Chap. XXVIII. difficnlt, I fear, as he had led his hostess to believe; bat it bad ita difficulties, and even its dangers, and that too as regarded Kit himself. In the firat place, he felt that the course he was about to pursue would strain the bond of friendship between him and Mark to the uttermost, and if it snapped—but he dared not think of that, too much would have to go with it. He loved Mark for his own sake; and then with Mark WBB bound up Maud. The whole surroundings of the Enoll indeed were dear to him; even its pure and wholesome atmosphere was enjoyable to him (for alas, it was not so pure with him elsewhere); to be expelled from it by whatever means would be, aB it Beemed to him, to leave Eden for its antipodes. When labouring under depression poor Kit had sometimes called the Knoll, in hiB letters to jtfrenna, " the OaBis." There was one thing which made the taBk entrusted to him by Mrs. Medway not unwelcome; it gave him an excuse for discovering what in his own opinion ought to have been voluntarily revealed to him. His attachment to Mark was such that he resented his having kept his secret from him ; or perhapB his amour propre was wounded by that fact: at all events he waB jealous at whatever had caused a certain intermittence in the offices of friendship between them. He had noticed the change in Mark aB keenly as his mother had done, and could make a much shrewder gueBB at the reason of it. But, before he went to Mark himself it was necessary to make certain. The goal of all thoBe solitary walks which his friend indulged in was, he well knew, Mogadion ; and their object the post-office. On the next occasion Kit watched for him, saw Mark come whistling up the village street (it made Kit grin to bear him whistle, an accomplishment hitherto undeveloped in the student of Borlase), and with a furtive look to left and right enter Mrs. Carthew's shop, in whoBe window were exhibited a picturesque arrangement of toy bicycles and rocking-horseB in cloBe propinquity (though not in connexion) with notices of the despatches of Her Majesty's mails. Mark remained within for a moment or two, then reappeared, and aB he passed the letter-box dropped a note into it with an elaborate pretence of indifference that would have aroused the Buspicion of a Moses Primrose. The whole proceeding tickled its unBeen spectator exceedingly. " The man was never born leBS fitted for plots and Btratagems than you, my dear Mark," he murmured ; then dropped a letter himself into the box and entered the shop as Mark had done. Mrs. Carthew, standing behind the counter, looked at Kit pleasantly enough, for he was a favourite with her, as he was with all people with whom he was brought into antagonism. " Why you've only just missed your friend, Mr. Medway," said she ; " he was here not half a minute ago." " What, on foot! Why how comes that about?" " Well, indeed, Bir, Mr. Mark haB become quite a pedestrian since be went to college; he comes over here most days for some answers to his advertisement, as he tells me, about a tutor." There was a touch of significance about Mrs. Carthew's " as he tells me " which did not escape Mr, Christopher Garston. "Indeed! A tutor? I am glad to hear he is so studiously inclined." "Well, I don't know how many tutors he may want, sir, but the fact is only one has answered him ; for all the replies are in the same handwriting." "Oh, tbat'B it, is it?" said Kit, laughing. "Bat we mustn't tell tales out of Bchool, MrB. Carthew." " Not I, sir; I'm the last one to do such a thing; indeed, I shouldn't be fit for my place if it was otherwise. But then you're such a friend of Mr. Mark's." " Just so ; there is no harm done. By the bye, I believe I've made a stupid mistake by which a great deal of harm may be done. I've a horrible suspicion that I dropped a letter into your box jast now without directing it. Would you mind letting me look ?" " Lor bless you sir, not I; there's nothing against that in the regulations as I knows on !" With that she pulled out the drawer in which the few letters from "our Mogadion correspondents" had been Blowly accumulating, and there sure enough was Mr. Christopher Garston's blank envelope. While Mrs. Carthew fetched him pen and ink there waB ample time for him to run his eye over the other directions, and one of them in Mark's Bomewhat cramped and scholarly, but very legible hand at once attracted it. " Mies Finch, Green-street, Baddingly," was the superscription. CHAPTER XXIX. BETWEEN FRIENDS. " Mies Finch," mused Kit, when he found himself again in the village street. " MisB Finch, Green-street;" there is certainly a bird-like and Arcadian touch about that. But it is rather Burlington-Arcadian. The simplicity, I am afraid, is quite on the other side. There was never Buch an innocent as Mark Bince the world was made. In the eye of the law he may no longer be an infant; but, as Mr. Bumble said, ' the law iB a hasB.' No ; body- snatching one has heard of, and baby-farming one knows of, but Lydia has invented the composite offence of baby-snatching. I suppose Bhe conjectured there was no time to be lost, but Bhe has been as quick in catching him as though he had been a fly— BO," and he imitated with a sweep of hiB hand the process used by small boys for securing that insect. " Poor Lydia! one is sorry to put a spoke in her wheel, especially since Bhe has an up-hill road to travel; but it must be done. To think that this has all happened to Mark—for something must have happened, and something serious too—within leBB than three months ! This is what comes of taking the me&sles; late in life ; for my part, I am thankful to Bay I had them at fifteen." Kit smiled, and Bhook his head like one who is tickled with a reminiscence. " It waB a very slight attack ; bat, however Blight, it makes one safe for the reBt of one'B days—or nearly BO." Here he looked grave enough; his thoughts had flown far from that early experience, and had projected themselves into the future. " I must be patient. To be precipitate I might lose all. As long as Trenna is here to look after my interests I feel secure. She knows where my heart is set, and would give me warning if the least danger threatened my happiness. When she Baid the other night, ( I trust it has nothing to do with Maud,' it was because she feared I had some underhand scheme in my mind. She ought to have known me better. And yet, ought she ? How difficultit is to keep one's mind free from cant !'* He was by this time in the country, having taken the road to the Knoll as Mark had done before him. He had a stick in his hand, with which he switched the wintry rime from the leaflesB hedge, aB is the wont of the wayBide moralist. "YeB, on the whole she ought.- She should know where I draw the line." Then he fell to whistling like a bird—not for want of thought, bat to drown it. Vain endeavour! 'The incident of the morning had opened the flood-gates of memory, and it rolled on, wave overwhelming wave, without goal or channel. Still there was a central thought to which, however often he might escape from it, his mind would always revert. " I have done her no harm, and meant her none," he would then mutter to himself; " thanks to me, she is wiser than Bhe was, yes, and better; for wiser is better. I did not urge her to do it, though she did it for my sake; the idea entered into her own mind on a sudden, like an inspiration, as she called it. Well, why not ? It wan an inspiration. A sacred one, too, Heaven knowB, if self- sacrifice iB a sacred thing. She saved me from ruin; I shall never forget that—never, never. On the whole and in the end it was better for her, too; but that she did not know, and doeB not even now believe. The poor dear hankerB after him yet. To me that iB amazing; but then woman's love is always amazing. If it comes to that, what have I myself done to deserve it? The worst of it is that it has set her against Braifhwaite, Bat she will help me even there. I cannot do without her, neither in that matter nor in anything else. Great Heaven! if it were not for her, what would become of me? The parsonB talk of life hanging on a thread. Why, everything hangs on a thread ! We weave and weave and think our web complete, then comeB a single hailstone, or even a puff of wind, and all's gone. Bah! one muBt take one's chance." Here he waved his Btick and increased his pace, as though he woald have left black care itself behind him. Presently the Nook chimneys came in sight. " If her home was Buch as this," he continued, in reply to the same importunate thought, " it would be cruelty to transplant her. But in leaving the old man Bhe will lose nothing. It is plain that her love for me has changed what little regard he ever had for her to»indifference, if not to absolute dislike. The ties of nature are often like a sailor's knot; compact and fast enough to look at, yet pull but one end of it—one's own end—and the whole thing comes away in a trice. If I could but leave her here while I made my way in the world, and a place for her in it, that would be well indeed ; here she would be happy as everyone else is. For poor Mark only thinks himself unhappy notknowing what itis to be BO. The idea of man's making himself miserable about Lyddy Finch ! Yet Mark was not the only one, nor hie lordship neither, who has succumbed to the charms of that fair enslaver. The ' toils of the sorceress,' as his lady mother called them; as though her son haa been a canary bird, or a milk-white hind at worst, .whereas—for all his youth—he was much less like Hyperion than the Satyr. What a world of lies we live in!—Hullo, Mark," he had caught sight of his friend in the garden beneath, " how are you ?" "All right, Kit; how are you ? Not that I need ask you Bince you have walked over from Mogadion." " It would do you a deal of good, old fellow, if you did the same." u Too far, my dear boy, too far," was Mark's audacious reply, but his voice trembled a little as he uttered it. The man who invented the phrase " as easy a6 lying" was an expert, and made no allowance for beginners. " Let me smoke a pipe in your own room, Mark.; I want to talk to you," said Kit, thinking it best to have the matter out and over at once. " To talk to me! Good Heavens, what about?" eaid Mark, with the air of the frog who had swallowed the egg and could not imagine why the duck should come to him of all creatures living to make inquiries. Kit held his tongue till they reached Mark's sanctum, where he took a chair, lir his pipe, and observed quietly after a puff or two, " Well, old fellow, it's about Lydia Finch." Mark's cheeks turned crimson, and in a tone which he had certainly never used to his friend before, he inquired peremptorily, " And what haB Miss Lydia Finch to do with you ?" " Oh, nothing," answered Kit with a significant Btress on the word, that he could not avoid making for the life of him, and which would have tried the gravity of any indifferent spectator with a turn for the humorous; " except of course that anything which concerns you, my dear fellow, must needs affect me nearly." "I am sure of that, Kit, quite sure," answered the other hastily; " bat there are matters in which even friendship can have no share, and you muBt forgive me for saying that this iB one of them." " I understand all that, believe me; I have hitherto respected your secret (which has long been known to me) for that very reason; but I am acting under orders, and have no choice. It was your-mother herself who aBked me to speak with you." "My mother!" Mark exclaimed with unaccountable excitement. " Gracious HeavenB! you don't mean to say my mother knows about Lydia." "Hush, hush. Pray Bit down and be quiet, there's a good fellow. Why shouldn't she know, if there's nothing to be ashamed of?" " Ashamed of? Who dares to say that of Lydia? She's as pure and good a girl aB " " Just so," put in the other quietly (for Mark had hesitated, he Bcarce himself knew why, in the act of Baying " aB Maud or your own sister Trenna"). " As pure and good a girl as ever kept a milliner's establishment. But still the fact remains that she does preside over an emporium of that nature." " Well, and what harm ia there in that ?" observed Mark sharply. 1 1 None whatever. She occupies a most respectable position in her Btation of life; a very different one, however, from that which your mother occupies." " Of all the people in the world, Garston, you are the very last," observed Mark bitterly, "who have any right to play the rdle of Mrs. Grundy." Kit looked and laughed assent. It was a proof of hiB selfcommand, for, in truth, he waB wounded by the other's tone. It did not escape his attention that Mark had called him " Garston," instead of " Kit," for the firBt time for many a year; and that this change Bhould have been brought about (even though it Bhould be but temporary) by a few weeks' acquaintance with a Baddingly milliner, did not dispose Kit favourably towards that young person. " What you say of me is very ttue, Mark," he answered quietly; " but then my character is not the matter in question." " Nor is anybody's character, so far as I know," answered Mark stiffly. " Certainly not. We are speaking of social position. Of course that's all rubbish. The difference netween the counteBB and the counter-keeper is not even Bkin-deep—it's only clotheB' deep. There is nobody who will go further than I with you in contempt for Buch conventions. Nay, if the counter-keeper has £100,000 she becomes a countess, and nobody holds up his hands in horror. Blood and money are, in fact, convertible terms, and money iB droBB ; so that all the logic of Bociet y is a reductioadabsurdum." " Of course: of cohrse. I thought I could not be mistaken in my dear old Kit," said Mark effusively. " I had half a mind to teil you all about it myself, for I never doubted your sympathy. But, somehow " " Yes I" Kit's " Yes " was not, it must be admitted, so much encouraging as it was interrogative. There was a flavour of dryness about it that disconcerted poor Mark exceedingly. " Well, somehow, you know, yoa are so fond of turning things into ridicule, and I thought you might laugh at me. And I do assure you, Kit, to me this is no laughing matter." Kit nodded gravely enough; he was quite agreed with his friend by this time npon that point. " Bat, now I am assured that you agree with me," continued • the other cheerfully, "that no girl, provided sheia pure and I good, is disqualified by her mere position from being one's wife-* in fact, that you are prepared to listen to reason, why I don't mind discussing the subject." " Very good, Mark. May I ask how you first became acquainted with Lyd—this young lady ?" " By what was very literally a most fortunate accident. She was driving with her uncle one afternoon in the BaddinRly-road, and I was walking alone there, and the horse took fright at something " "You?" " No, not me," pursued Mark with the greatest gravity; " a milestone; and she was thrown out of the—the gig, almoBtinto my very arms." " It was not a gig," thought Kit; " it wanted the respectability of a gig; it was a taxed cart, 1'U bet a shilling."—" Well; she was not hurt, I hope." " No; only a good deal shaken." " ' To be well shaken, and then taken,' says the prescription, observed Kit gaily, " and you followed it." " I mean to follow it," answered Mark, frowning in reproval of this levity. " I will take her for better or wone for my. life long. So help me, Heaven !" " What a world it would be if one could do what one liked in it!" observed Kit thoughtfully ; " and especially if one had no female relatives." " What do you mean ?" " Well, no mother and Bister, for instance." " Of course there are difficulties to be overcome," Bighed Mark; " prejudices to be smoothed away ; hearts, to me tender enough, but which will need to be Boftened as regards my darling. Oh ! Kit, she is so kind and gentle, BO pure, and so fair ! To look at her is to love her. I cannot believe that my mother and dear Maud could hold out against her long. If she does not take their hearts by storm as she took mine (I own it), it will be only a question of time. They will yield to the importunity of her virtues and her graces. But if they do not, I Bhall marry her all the same. We ahall need but little to live upon, and we shall live near here. Then, after a while, it is impossible but that there should be reconcilement between UH and uiy dear ones here at home. I think I shall take old NevilL's cottage." " What dreams!" answered Kit, softly. " My dear Mark, how I envy you. I have not dreamt like that myself Rince I was 16." " They are dreamB that will be realities. No human being Bhnll prevent their fulfilment." Kit shook his bead. " I know, of course, what you are thinking," Baid Mark. " You believe that daty, or what passes for duty, will conquer love. That is because you do not understand what love is." "Nay, Mark; there you wrong me. I do understand. lean even believe that in your exceptional position, with a mother who doats upon you, and whom you might persuade that your happiness was bound up in this ill-aBsorted marriage, that it might possibly take place." " And who but my mother will prevent it ?" " 1 will." CHAPTER XXX. AN ARRANGEMENT IN PINK AND WHITE, Kit had not exaggerated to himself the danger of his standing between Mark and his beloved object when he said that it would strain the bond of friendship between them to the uttermost. To judge by Mark's face when he heard that " I will" from the lips of Kit, you would have thought the bond was broken. " You will? You will prevent my marrying the girl of my choice, even though my mother should consent? You must be mad, Garston." " No, my dear Mark, I am only the friend of a madman, or rather, let me Bay, of one who is suffering from an attack of temporary aberration. Listen." " I will listen to nothing that suggests my breaking my word— my written word—to Lydia." " Good Heavens! Have you promised marriage to her in writing? Why, Mark, you are of age." " That matters nothing. I would in no case have broken my word! My word? Nay, my oath, for have I not juat Bworn to marry her ?" " Your oath had a qualification. You said just now that no girl who was pure and good was disqualified from being your wife." " Garston, how dare you! If we ate ever to speak to one another again, I warn you to say no word against my Lydia. I love you aB no man ever loved another, I do believe; but there are things one can never pardon." " I am quite aware of it; I am aware, too, as regards love and friendship, that when it comes to jostling the weakest doesn't go to the wall, but is pushed into the gutter. There let friendship lie; but nevertheless I must tell the truth." "Iam not afraid of the truth." " I take that for granted, Mark, nor can I believe, since you are a just man, that you will discard me from your heart for telling it, I am not worth much, but never in my whole life have I gratuitously inflicted harm on any man; how much lesB, then, would I inflict it on you ? You believe that, Burely ?" " I believe that; but I give you fair warning that I will not believe your word, nor the word of any man, if it has aught of ill to say of Lydia." " I expected nothing leBB, Mark. What are worda, however honest, compared with the Bpella of an enchantress? What are worda of a lifelong friend as against the wile and the smile of a pretty girl one has known, or whom one fiattere oneself one baa known, for a few weekB at furthest ? However, I will give you proof." " I will believe no proofs. I know how facts can be distorted to Buit the viewa of an advocate; nay, how circumstances themselves can ao fall out as to impute gnilt to the moBt guileless. The case of Abel Deeda ia an example." The pitying amile which had played upon Kit's lipB at each new proof of the other's confidence here faded from his face. " I have something stronger than fact and circumstance to urge, Mark. Suppose I placed in your handa a letter, written by thiB girl herself, admitting not only a previous passion, but that the subject or the author of it was supplying her with her present means of livelihood ; that, in a word, Bhe ia the pensioned, castoff mistreBB of another man ?'' " Then I should say it was a base and wicked forgery." " Bat if the girl herself confessed it to be her own handwriting, and that theBe allegations were true?'' " Then I should believe it; and it would break my heart.' " My poor Mark; my poor dear Mark." For a moment there was silence between them. "I do not want your pity," exclaimed Mark, with sudden vehemence, and rising from his seat, " I want nothing but the truth. Give me this letter—the letter that you dare to say Lydia wrote." Kit produced a folded note from his breaBt pocket. " You know her handwriting, I conclude." " Every Btroke of it. Do not fancy yon will deceive me." Kit handed him the letter. " Is it likely I.should try to deceive you, Mark ? Is it probable that I should have taken the wicked pains to forge this poor girl's hand when a word from her would expose the fraud—a word, however, Bhe will never Bpeak, believe me." Mark ran his eye over the note, and staggering back into his chair, covered his face with his hands. The apprehension that was most immediately present to Kit's mind was that Mark would inquire how the letter had come into his possession; and though he had an answer to it, and a very conclusive one, it was such as would hardly have been agreeable to the inquirer. But to Mark, prostrated by this terrible and unexpected blow, no such question fortunately suggested itself. The wreck of his hopes was too complete and overwhelming to admit of his giving a thought to details. One question only he asked, in a voice half suffocated with passion, and with a wolfish look in bis mild eyes that betrayed "the wild beaBt of force" which, however unsuspected, has its lair within the heart of every man. " And who was the damned villain to whom this letter was addressed ?" " You must pardon me, Mark, if I refuse to tell you. You can obtain his name, of course, if you choose to ask it, of the writer herself. But this much it is fair to Bay, that be was no villain. Miss Finch did not fall into bis arms out of a gig, but in a less involuntary fashion, I have said that there was a previous lover." Mark groaned. "This man will never believe in woman again," thought Kit to himself. And in one sense he was right. There are some men and many women who, having diBcovered the object of their affections is unworthy of them, never place them elsewhere. Like the subject bee whom the queen bee deigns to honour with her regard, they never enter the lists of love again. They cannot, like him, disappear in the viewleBB fields of air, and be never more beheld of mortal eye, but they henceforth retreat into themselves, so far as love is concerned, and are dead to it. " Oh ! Kit, Kit, what shall I do ?" moaned Mark, after a long silence. "I should send her that letter—no, a copy of it—with these words written within the envelope that contains it:—' This is the reason why I will never Bee you again.' She will not 1 answer that, for there can be no answer to it, and then you will be free." " Free!" Never was more of bitterneBB concentrated in a monosyllable than lay in that word. ' " Do you forgive me, Mark ?" whispered Kit gently, and taking his friend's unresponsive hand in his. " Do you remember that I was bnt aB the Burgeon whoBe knife cuts to the bone indeed, but only to heal." " Yes, yea; but there is one that I will never forgive, never, never—the vile, remorseless villain who robbed that poor girl of her innocence." " Remember, Mark, bow much worse it would have been had I not spoken," continued Kit, without taking notice of this last outburst. " Suppose yon had married the girl, and found all this out afterwards ?" Mark shuddered from head to foot. "How would it have been, then, with your poor mother, and with Maud? If YOU have lost, or seem to have Lost much, think how mnch more you have eBcaped, and be thankful." To Bee Mr. Christopher Garston, in his entirely novel part of mentor, dispensing these grave and philosophic observations, instead of his usual fireworks, was a remarkable Bpectacle. He compared himself afterwards, not inaptly, to a professor of legerdemain who evolves from his interior, or appears to do so, an endless succession of ribbons, in this caBe with moral reflections engraved on them—phylacteries. " Is it necessary, supposing all is aB you assert it to be," said poor Mark, clinging to his laBt straw, " that my mother should know of this ?" " Certainly not. She will be too glad to feel that you are her own again to he curious as to how she regained yon. Indeed, knowing that this interview could have but one end, I extracted a promise from her that Bhe Bhould ask no questions." " That ^aa kind and thoughtful of you, Kit," returned the other, grasping his hand. "Let me, in my turn, exact a promise from you that this subject is henceforward a sealed one between us." " Unless you yourself revert to it, Mark, it aBBuredly shall be so," answered Kit earnestly. He made this proviso in order to keep himself informed aB to the conclusion of the matter ; though he was pretty confident what it would be. Miss' Lydia Finch was not, as we may conclude, free from the frailties of her Bex, but in one respect he was aware she was exceptionally reasonable. She knew how to accept the logic of facts, and to submit to them. The matter, in short, resolved itself into a mere episode in Mark Medway's life, though one that Bhaped its whole future current. Once only did he again revert to it in his friend's presence. "Kit," he Baid, a few dayB afterwards, pointing to a heap of feathery ashea in his fireplace, " yon long ago preserved my life, and now you have saved my honour." Whereby Kit knew that Misa Finch had sent Mark all his letters back, and that he had burnt them. " It wae like burning bank notes, I reckon," Baid Kit, significantly. " Well, of course I sent her a cheque. That was the least coBtly part of the transaction," sighed Mark. " One can't be lapped in soft Lydian airs for nothing," was Kit's characteristic reflection, but all he said waB, " I can well believe that, dear fellow." Mrs. Med way kept her promise as regarded asking no questions, though the temptation will be admitted by all daughters of Eve to have been well-nigh irresistible; but Kit was careful to let her know that the peril had been great and imminent from which her son bad escaped. Her gratitude to his preserver was unbounded, and he felt that he could rely upon her goodwill almoBt as much as on that of Mark himself. It was well for him ; for, indeed, a time was coming in which Christopher Garston would atand in need of friends. CHAPTER XXXI. THE SPECULATION. It was nothing that, out of the three young men with whose fortunes we are concerned, two of them Bhould have loved not wisely, for such mistakes are common enough. What was Btrange about it was the immense difference between their respective errors, and the consequences of them. Lydia Finch had disappeared from Mark's horizon aB completely as though she had been swallowed up by a quicksand; but no one but himself knew bow much had gone with her. To a man of his temperament a week was sufficient in which to fall over head and ears in love, but a lifetime did not suffice to dry him. His studies had been grave from boyhood; he had never dropped into that classical literature which turns moie young gentlemen's minds into an amatory direction than the grave advocates of our public-school system have any idea of; and he had been brought up in BecluBion, out of the way of the temptation of bright eyes and pretty faces. Trenna, indeed, waB lovely, but he had always looked upon her as on a sister, a feeling which she had encouraged and reciprocated. He knew little more of the other sex than the young monk in the Levant, to whom the picture of a female saint in his refectory Btood for all womankind. Mark had found out that women and female saintB were not identical; and the discovery had been terrible to him, for he had been a devotee. Under such circumstances, meaner and more egotistic natures are wont to turn sceptics altogether; but Mark, who had in hia sister a living proof of the union of purity with female youth and beauty, lost not a tittle of his belief in it, but only meekly acknowledged to himself that he was no judge of such things, and had better confine himself in future to Borlase, and affairs that had stood the test of a century or two. Frank Meade had loved not wisely also, but not "too well." He had not fallen down at the foot of his goddesB in an ecstacy, but only in moderate admiration; and, on perceiving they were of clay, had got up again not much the worse for the experience. Indeed, I doubt whether he had ever been seriously in love with Trenna Garston at all. He had had a pcncltant for her, no doubt, and opportunity, as we know, had well-nigh hurried him into a declaration; but though hia affections had almoBt literally been knocked on the head—BO sudden and violent had been the blow that had fallen on them—they were really not much hurt, and at all events remained quite serviceable for another object. On the other hand, his sometime enslaver waB not " lost to Bight," and he still entertained the tenderest interest and compassion for her; but they never spoke together when alone, carefully shunned all possible chance of such companionship, and found it difficult to keep up a show of the old familiarity before others. Mrs. Medway had even taken Trenna to task in Frank's presence for not joining with the rest in their congratulations upon his prospects of professional success in London, or even upon his return. "Mr. Meade knowB what I feel about them and him," Trenna had answered quietly, and does not need the assurance of my good will." 11 "Indeed, I am well persuaded that I am in possession of it," was Frank's reply. And both statements were strictly accurate. The stiffness with which they were delivered, however, could hardly escape feminine notice; Mrs. Medway's conviction was that Frauk and Trenna were in love with one another, bnt had some reason of their own, not difficult to guess (for Kit's disinclination for the match could be predicated), for concealing the matter for the preBent, while Maud, whoBe own heart supplied her with better information on that point, thought sjfie detected Borne private quarrel. . ! As for Maud herself, Bhe had grown more quiet and grave than " HE WAVED HIS STICK AND INCREASED HIS PACE."—Chap. XXIX. Bhe had wont to be, and avoided Kit's society—unleBB in company with otherB—almoBtBB much as Trenna did that of Frank. Strange to say, Kit was far from resenting this; nay, it even pleased him, for he thought he saw in it the old mistrust of her powers to resist him. He was the last man in the world to entertain a feeling of jealousy, for, truth to Bay, as regarded the other sex, he thought himself well nigh irresistible. At the same time, without the means of livelihood, or even a profession by which to obtain it, he felt that any open declaration of love for Maud would meet with Berious obBtaclea from quarters independent of the fair one herself. But thongh he bided his time he was not idle. It the Mogadion postmistress found a falling-off in that hail of correspondence between Mr. Mark Medway and those advertising tutors who certainly were not writing maBters, and whose caligraphies were so much alike, Bhe discovered a great increase in the letters for Mr. Christopher Garston. The addreBBes were anything but feminine in Btyle, and their postmarks were mostly "London, E.C." Even in Christmas week they knew no cessation, and it was noticed at the Knoll that Kit did not throw himself into thefeBtivitieB of that season as of yore, nor make it the pretext for the exhibition of thoBe high spirits of his which up till now had never failed him. Even now, indeed, there were life and wit in him for two men, which by contrast with Mark's depression and Frank's modest gravity shone brightly enough ; but he could no longer with fairness be twitted by the title Mr. Penrhyn had once given him from no very good will, on the occasion of his upsetting with roars of laughter some theory of the rector's upon Monoliths, of " our tumultuous young friend." At the Grey-house Christmas was held in no especial reBpect of any sort, yet there were necessarily holidays which had the effect (as Kit expressed it) of " letting hia father loose," so that there waa even more grumbling and snapping than usual, to escape which Trenna and he often fled to the KnolL On Christmas Eve there was quite a large party there, including Frank and biB father and the rector—nay, even Mr. Garston the elder had been bidden to the feast He had not been to the house since that terrible day when he had come to investigate poor Lucy's fivepound note, and MrB. Medway had written him quite touching letter, alluding to the Bacred season, and expressing a wish that bygoneB might be bygones between them ; to which he had not even had the courteBy to make reply. "I am very Borryfor it," was the Doctor's professional observation, " for what with your Christmas fare and that old fellow's bilious company, you would certainly have all had ndigeBtion." " As no material advantage of that sort would have accrued to me," said the Rector, " I must be excused for Baying that I shall endeavour to survive the disappointment. I have a great respect for the ancient EgyptianB, but their custom of having skeletons and skulls at Bupper I have never approved of. Give me a boned turkey and a boar's head." " The very things you are going to have," said Mrs. Medway, langhing, for the latter dainty, as it happened, had arrived from Cambridge that morning, a present from Kit. Nor was holly wanting to the walls, nor to the ceiling mistletoe, concerning which Kit complained that being hung from the chandelier it was useless for practical purposes, since a sensitive individual like himself could hardly mount on the table to take advantage of it, however he might be tempted BO to do by'more audacious young personB of the opposite Bex. A remark which the Rector inveighed against as little lesB than sacrilegious, considering the reverence dae to mistletoe, and the qualities attributed to it by an ancient prieBthood. " We were talking of antiquities before supper," said Mr. Penrhyn when the ladies had withdrawn. _" Antiquity, I understand, is about to be outraged in this neighbourhood by eome enterprise in connexion with Cook'a Creek, a place that has not felt the shock of a pickaxe for these thousand years." " I am not sure about that," Baid the Doctor. " I think I remember my father speaking of aome abortive attempt to work for tin there.' The Rector Bhook his head. " My father was an older man than you are, Penrhyn." "He must have been if he rememberB the circumstance of which you speak, my good sir, for it took place in the time of the Phoenicians. What strikes me aB very remarkable is that there is no mention of tbem in the account of thiB new speculation ; I never saw the prospectus of a Cornish mine before without a reference to the Phoenicians. I am almost inclined to think from that that there rouet be something in it." In the mine?" ejaculated the Doctor contemptuously. " Of course not; I mean in the enterprise. Some clever fellow must be behind it pulling the wires. One of his puppets is no ICBS a person than Captain Cook. 'Cook's Creek,' says the prospectus, ' so called after the voyager with whose distinguished name the locality is inseparably connected.'" "Good heavens," exclaimed the Doctor, laughing, "ia that really in print." " Certainly. Here it is in my London paper of yesterday," and he produced the journal in question. " That is one of the great wonders of the metropolitan press, that it not only acquaints you with all that takes place at the antipodes, but openB your eyes to the most interesting matters that lie undreamt-of, or unattended to, at your very doora. So far, for example, from knowing that this neighbourhood waa hallowed by association with Captain Cook, I had always thought he waB a Yorkshireman." " So be waB," answered the Doctor, '' nor do I believe that even his passion for discovery ever led him to that out-of-the-way and stony spot which bears hie name. It alwayB reminds me of the place where somebody stuck up on a board, The end of the world ; still unfinished.'" 1 "Cook's Creek," observed Mark, with the mechanical confidence of a guide who is addressing a party of excursionists," is so called from a shipbuilder of the same name, who, in the beginning of the last century, constructed a vessel in that locality too big to get out of it." " And which, like the First Lord of the Admiralty in the play," laughed Kit, "never went to sea. There go the ships," the neighbours nsed to say of it, " and there iB that Leviathan." "That is not in my history," said Mark. " I have carefully avoided hearsay. But it is quite true that the Bhip waa broken up, and the timbers Bold for other purposes.' " What Mr. Penrhyn tells us," remarked Frank, " explains what has put old Grueby into such good temper. He told us yesterday with a smile—which iB a thing one as little expects to Bee on him as a tiara—that he had sold his land to a London company. I thought it was for building purposes, but since it includes Cook's Creek I have no doubt it is to work this mine." "But perhaps there is tin there,'*"observed Mark, always ready to say a good word for hia beloved county. " The Phoenicians " " No, no," cried the Rector vehemently, " spare aa the Phoenicians, Mark. Even the London company has stopped short of the Phoenicians." "Not another word," chimed in the Doctor, "about those hateful people, who are to my old age what the Greeks were to my childhood. It is as difficult to keep them out of the talk of a Cornishman as ventilators out of that of your sanitarian." The Doctor had a very pretty contempt for those devoteeeB of Hygeia who ascribe fever to a bit of flue, and under prtence of a bracing atmosphere pierce your house in all directions till it becomeB a mere cullender full of draughts. Mark licughed prood-humouredly, and promised not to irritate the pubile with the Phoenicians until his book came out "Quite right, Mark; then you won't annoy many people," said the Doctor slily. "The leaBt nnhappiness to the fewest number Bhould be our aim in life," observed Kit with gravity. This may Beem rather rough on Mark, in whose eyes this mag> num opus of a Country History of his loomed larger (vice Miss Lydia Finch superseded) than ever; but it was not reallyBO. He knew these satirists were his well-wishers, and that the friendship in which love and good-will cannot take the shape of raillery is hardly worth the name. "Do you know who is the purchaser of this Golconda?" inquired the Rector of Frank Meade. " Some Londoner: Martin, I think old Grueby called him. He pointed him out to me in the Btreet the other day, and told me he was staying at the Crown." " Did he look bona fide? I mean like a swindler, or the other thing ?" inquired the Doctor. " Well, really, Bir, I didn't notice much about him, except that he had a fur collar on his coat." "And a very good index, too," cried the Rector; "he is evidently a capitalist." In the general laugh that succeeded this modest sally Mark Medway alone took no Bhare. "A fur collar to his coat, you Bay, Frank? Well, then, I saw him yesterday in Mogadion; and what is more, I am certain I have seen him before, though where and under what circumstances I cannot call to mind." " But, my dear Mark, you have not been to so many places," urged Frank. " Do try and remember. It was not at Mogadion, of course; and as to Cambridge, that is too recent an experience." " No, no," interrupted Mark, with bis hand on hiB forehead; " it was somewhere a long while ago. Nor was he a mere chance acquaintance. At some time or other I feel confident I saw a good deal of him." "Then it muBt have been when you were at school, Buggeated Frank. < " To be Bure. I have it," exclaimed Mark. It waB one of our uBhers—you remember him. Kit—old Brabazon/' " It may have been like him," returned Kit, "but it can hardly be the man himself; indeed, it's out of the queBtion, for this gentleman's name, it seems, is Martin." " Perhaps hehaB changed his name for money," observed the Rector. " Remember his fur collar." ' " I am afraid poor old Brabazon iB scarcely likely to have come in for property that way," returned Kit, laughing. I really think it was Brabazon," persisted Mark. " Well, aa he's staying at the, Crown my dear fellow, you have only to look in there after church to-morrow to make sure." And Mark did look in ; but, aB it happened, Mr. Martin had left Mogadion for London .rather unexpectedly that very motning. 