BIBLE TEACHING-. We want no Bible teaching Within our Public Schools; Our sons and daughters do not want Such elementary rules. We all can do without it, No man would raise the cry, ITor such a cry we all know well Is nought but bigotry; Yes> we well can do without it, And this our grandest truth, ~ ; We'll raise no ghosts of casuistry \- To daunt our Queensland youth. # # # The games of Mrs. Potiphar Are hardly nice, I trow Tp recommend unto our girls, At least you must allow. And we can do without her: v Example sad, you see, And Lot.and his arrangements To all eternity; Yes, we can do without them, AndDavid's little games Amid the maids of Israel The maids, and eke the dames. And Absalom's a party To throw some other dice, Who didn't treat his father's wives In a way that was quite nice. And we can do without him . And without his fine long hair, Though he and his half brother Ammon, were a pair. Yes, we can do without 'em And our girls be better too If they never read of all this lot, And so, our friends, would you. If the idea is correct that you can tell a man's char acter by'^hb hooks he is most familiar with, a very good opinion of Mr. Thome's purity of mind will be afforded hy his '^elementary rules " of Bible teaching. Can the treble Ffer also be among the poets ? ? ?> -- Thady O'Kane, of Charters Towers, is on the expose "hnainepB p-ga%- He tells of eleven shanties on the railway line, provided with long-range fighting- rum, and haunted by seraphs in petticoats, who converse on equal terms with the n&vvies; on the line. . On a recent Saturday and Sunday a " high old drunk " pre vailed-men lying around drunk everywhere. Lots couldn't turn to on Monday, and 37 got the sack incontinently. There's nothing like the perfection of our licensing laws which, while closing decent houses, breed shanties and dens of the lowest immorality and vice. This is, indeed, Freedom. # # # THE Wartvich Examiner saysthatthe transcontinental railway advocates are ,f throwing dust in the people's eyes." It's fortunate it isn't Warwick dust, because then-well, there would be no coroners left. THIS happened in the Government contract line. Tenders were called for 20 ballast waggons and 4 timber Waggons. One gentleman tendered for both sets* to be delivered in 10 months. He received the J contract for tile 20 ballast waggons; but another tenderer obtained that for the 4 timber waggons. at a difference of £7 in price, on conideration that he offered to deliver the same in. four months- six: months sooner than the other tenderer. At the end of last ! week the 20 ballast waggons were up at Tow;nsville, while the 4 timber waggons had effected the remark | able despatch of getting as far as Campbell's wharf, Brisbane. Probably they're there yet. WAAGEPETKRSEN has written a farcc, called Love, or Cdolies. I don't see the concatenation of ideas j here myself; but that doesn't much matter. We have the authority of a very ancient poet-that "Where ice-bergs are coolest, Love will find out the way." So, I suppose, it's all right. Especially as it was an immense success on its first performance by the Townsville Amateur Christie Minstrels. # # * /' A PUBLICAN'S score has been wiped out up Blackall way-settled promptly by the grim interferer death* And it is probable that the publican's license will be settled, and himself inconvenienced by another , grim interferer-the law. Edward Cureton Tomkins bought the Douglas Ponds hotel from Henry Wedge, on Nov. 19th, 1882, and started supplying Wedge with liquor, till that individual finally pegged out, poisoned by drink, emaciated by want of food, and harassed with the horrors, on February 1st, 1883. During that time his score reached £129 4s. 6d. Ten weeks and a half of saturation in drunkenness, and a lambing down bill of £129 ! The items start straight from the day of sale, November 19th, and continue with sweet regularity, the only gap being one of three or four days, during which poor Wedge was away in Blackall. The daily score only once or twice fails to reach £1, often mounts to £2, and the highest item is <£3 17s. 6d. for November 28th. And the result is that Wedge is wedged in his coffin. The Attorney General is studying the depositions taken at the Coroner's inquest. These need but little keenness of insight as to how this drunkard was drammed to death. If I remember right, Tomkins is a man who was always writing to the papers in support of the working man. He claims to be a 'Varsity man, and the son of a colonel in the English army. When last I saw him he was keeping a bakery in Blackall, hump ing round mutton pies, and doing the three card busi ness on the race-course. # # # THE latest phase of servantgalism at Rockhampton. The family took the summer tour to New Zealand, and left Mariar in charge. Mariar was up to the very finest Latikia snuff. She quietly advertised the mansion for hire, furnished, for a month . pocketed the proceeds, and had everything ship shape " agen the missis come 'ome." There's evidently stuff in Mariar. # # * AT the Cricketers' ball a delicate young flower of a lady incorporated for supper a fowl, a bit of turkey, various meats set to a tune of vinegar, sauce and chutney, a dozen oysters, a small bottle of beer, a glass of cider, wine, six cftstards, some apples, grapes, and preserved ginger, a few slices of cake, and a soda and milk. Then she went out amongst the giddy throng and astonished the less sustained dancers. NEW competition. Thady O Kane, of the Charters Towers Northern Miner, has accepted a; challenge from St. Just Mackay, of the Standard, as to ;which is the mole learned. If Mackay had heard sThady Swear in 217 different languages, he would not be so rash, but would hide his " diminished head." THE big Cooktown alligator swallowed a boy. \Miartin, of the Herald, caught the saurian by the lobe of the left ear, and detained him till Hoarc, the druggist, arrived witlbi an cnietic. The boy was vomited whole, and was found to have lost nothing except his repu tation. The local trdoper prosecuted liiih for being in an unlicensed house after hours. . # * # ? " Yie, yer Worsliup; he was very violent.'* "What did ho do ?" " lie shtruck, yer Worshup." "Where did he strike you?" "Faith, an' he didn'tehtrike me." "Whom did he strike?" "Sbure, he didn't shtrike enny won." " Well, what did he strike, then?" <r Begor, he shtruck an attitude/' # # # !THADT O'KAXE has not yet applied for admission to the Townsville Caxton Club. The Club, which meets every night at Buchanan's hotel, considers this as a compliment to its quality. . .. # # # THE Ipswich case against Eobert Watson, licensed victualler, touches a question affecting (shall we say) nine-tenths of the community: The planking of a sprat to a publican entitles anybody to swear that the grog served to him in Heu thereof is prison-and to prove it if he can. # # # " WOT'S yourn ?" " Mine's a colonial/' " Now, wot's the use of drinking colonial swank ? It will never make you drunk!'* The logic is foimd to be unanswerable* and they call for a bulldog. * « * . ? :-k ' MATTHEW BUENETT, the "great" Temperance orator, is no relation to Bundabeig. .» '# * THEBE'S been a revolution up at Thornborough. The clerk of the Woothakata Divisional Board, in com pany with several aboriginals and an unlimited number of yells, rounded up the stray goats of the neighbourhood, *' am idst" - we quote the Wild River rimes-" the execrations of the females and the yells and bootirigs of the small boys." We are. grati fied, however;-to observe that one goat gave leg-bail, and the clerk has had a perpetual nightmare ever since. He wears a bandage for it. ' ? * « ».... ACCORDING to the Melbourne JBulletin, a party con sisting of " Lord and Lady Charles Beresford, the Egyptian hero/' &c.;, were disappointed in something or other theatrically in Calcutta. We learn for the first time that Lady Chavles is of Egyptian extraction, and figured in the recent war as a hero. But, there, we're always learning and ever willing. SCENE, not far from Brisbane. " What's the charge, constable?" "Obsane langwidge, yer Worship." "Well, what did the prisoner say?" "He swore fearfully, yer Worsh'p." " But what words did he uge ?" " Faix:, - an' he didn't use any words, yer " Worsh'p, but he put his thumb to hid hose and wind milled me!" Fact. # .#-? .."viV ? " EDEN " said the school teacher, '* means ^ delightful.' The garden of Eden was a delightful plⅇ only pleasant things . grew there-no thojrns nor thistles." After the lesson-" Now, can any boy tell me what didn't grow in the garden of Eden?" Begular Boarder (con expressione) : "Cabbages!" 