j 'i ^{TâEATJREitÔYk'L.:^ nee M HAMLET. I 'live Theatre Royal was crowded last night inoveiyp-ut by the largest house you as corded to the Pomeroy Dramatic Company, the special attraction being Miss Pomeroy's ! impersonation of Hamlet It is a moot point with Shakespearian students whether the character of Hamlet can possibly be sustained by a woman, and in the same time preserve all the characteristics given to the creation by the immortal "Ura matist Moreover, Hamlet is one of the most trying and exacting of all Shakes pears impersonations, and even in a man requires a degree of physical and men tal power v well is seldom attained Under such circumstances it is not to be wondered at that many who watched Miss Pomeroy last night failed to find in her representation the ideal i Hamlet they had' formed for themselves, and in many respects had to be satisfied with much less than they expected. they make up in a male Lamb was as perfect as it well could be, and her acting throughout was marked by care and earnestness, and evidenced much careful study of the character, but his voice proved treacherous and throughout was that of a woman t Then again the incline and shades of the character. were inadequately brought out the sudden changes from the most terrible passion to the neatest anguish, from insatiable fury to abject despondency In se\ eral places, how- ever-and notably in the chamber I scene with the Queen and again in the cruel parting with Ophelia Miss Pomeroy rose to the occasion and cave a good rendition of her, part. The soliloquies,) too, wciolinely dclLvcj,uil, though surname of the time-honored od quotations her interpo-' tation was rather different to that usually placed upon them. Mr. Chas. Hall made a dignified king, and exhibited the true character of the man very closely. The part of the queen was allotted to Miss Blanche Lewis. Her at the was magnificent, and she made a beautiful consort and moreover, acted her part, as a whole, extremely well.; Mr. Arthur Elliot, as Laeiites, played his part in finished style, and as the first of, the players did equally well. Mr. Frank, Gerald filled the part of Horatio evenly, and well. Mr. J. G. Joyce, as usual in such parts, made a capital Polonais. The ghost, presented by Mr. Appleton; was not an an unqualified success. His utterances had all the monotony of a voice from the dead, without the Bouoious impressiveness which, should accompany it and in the midnight interview between Hamlet, Horatio and Marcellus, his deb vol y of the thrice-repeated " Swoai !" was altogether a failure. Mr. IX. Leason doubled the parts of Rosencrantz and tlioPnat'.Gravo-digger, Iii|tbofiiBt he was not at all at home, but in the part of the Ancient Sexton he was inimitable, and drew down enthusiastic applause. Mr. J. Kennedy was also well placed as the second grave-digger. Miss Emily Bronte appealed as Ophelia, in the stand of Miss Florrie Lewis, and acquitted herself admirably. in one or two places her memory tricked her,' but on the whole she did well, and in her last appearance in the distracted and heart- broken lover was pen ticularly successful. The remainder of the cast was filled by the other members of the company with varying success. The/ audience throughout seemed in critical mood and were chary in their expressions of approval, but Subs Pomeroy and Mr. Elliot were each called before the curtain during the evening. Very little of the tragedy was excised, and) the performance was not concluded till within lialf,-nn-]iour of midnight. During the remainder of the week several of the plays already presented will be repeated. This evening Bulwer Lytton's Lady of Lyons will be re-produced. 31 