TIE LADTS WALK A STORY OFTHB SEEN AND UNSEEN. IN FOtJR CHAPTERS. By M)is. OuvHXST^ia. Lottgman's Magcfzint. Chaptee I. I was on a visit to some people in Scotland when the events I am about* to relate took place. They were not friends in the sense of long or habitual intercourse ; in short, I had met them only in Switzerland in the previous year ; but we saw a great deal of each other while we were together, and got into that ~ccsy intimacy which travelling brines about more readily than anything else. We had seen each other in very great d&fuibUle; both «f mind and array in the chilly mornings .after a night's travelling, which perhaps is the severest test that can be applied in re spect to lookB ; and amid all the annoyances of journeys short and long, with the usual ' «piBodes of lost, luggage, indifferent hotels, fusses of every description, which is an equally severe test for the temper ; and our -friendship and liking (I am at liberty to sup pose it was mutual, or they would never have invited me to EUermore) remained unim paired. I have always thought, and still think, that Charlotte Campbell was one of ihe most charming young women I ever met with : and her brothers, if not so entirely de lightful, were nice fellows, capital to travel with, full of fun and spirit. I understood immediately from their conversation that they were members of a large family. Their allusions to Tom and Jack and little Harry, and the children in the nursery, might per baps have been tedious to a harsher critic; out I like to hear of other people's relations, saving scarcely any of my own. I found out by degrees that Miss Campbell had been taken abroad by her brothers to recover from a long and severe task of nursing, which had exhausted her strength. The little ones had all been down with scarlet fever, and she had not left them night or day. 'She gave up seeing the rest of us aud regu larly shut herself in,' Charley informed me, who was the younger of the two. ' She would only go out for her walk when all of us were out of the way. That was the worst of it,' the young fellow said, with great sim plicity; Teat his sister should give herself up to the nursing was nothing remarkable; but that she should deny herself their precious .company ^ a heroism that went to her brothers' hearts. Thus, by the way, I learned a great deal about the - family. Cbatty, aaXhey called her, was the sister jnother, especially of the little ones, who had . been leftatmost in her sole charge stneetheir jnst&er;&e;&ntasy; years before. She was not a riiL stricter speaking. She waa in JBfe'' PCT&ction; oTher wmtnbnod and ywrtb— about eight and*-twentF. the age when some* . i&ine; o! ttecon*oin*e«te»tnrity n-Sligl*ed titaoE tfcelSeSBtaestfoftte ^artier yearfc and ' being eooia «aatiiee*»ttiSie chairttt rf 'bttiK -*o.young. ItiscbiBflyamongyounz?jaMiMl ;Vbmcn5iftt tone sees tfe craQwg and beauti ?fol typc/deliglitfdl to every sense and every' xeqntrenient of Vbee 'Wind ; 'but when it Is to be met with unmarried it is' more /celestial ' sfaiL I cannot butthink with reverence that this delicate maternity and 'maidenhood— the perfect; bounty of the one, the undisturbed grace of the other— has been the ffindatson of th»t adoring devoHon which in the old' -days brought so many saints' to the sbriae'of the Virgin Mtotiher. Bofwhy I should thus ienlarge upon Charlotte Campbell at the beginning of this story I «an scarcely tell, for she is not in the strict *ense of the -word the heroine of it, and I am unintentionally deceiving the reader tor begin. ; They asked me to come and^ee them at ., ?Elknnore when we parted, and, as I hav« bothing in the way of a home warmer or more genial than chambers in the Temple, I ac- . cepted, as may be supposed, with enthusiasm. , It was in the first week of June that we . parted, and I was invited for the ead.-of ' Augufit. They had 'plenty of gnmse,' Charley said, with artbczaliiy of espre^aioa which was pleasant to hear, Charlotte added, . ' But yon must be prepared for a homely life, Mr. Temple, and. a vary quiet one.' I re plied^ of course, that if I had chosen what I liked best in the world it would have been , this combination j at which she smiled- with an amuECd little shake of her head. It did not seem to occur to her that she herself 'told . for much in 'the matter. What they alKo feisted upon was the ' plenty.of » grouse^' and . I do sot pretend to say that I was indifferent , to that. .v Colin, the eldest son, was tUe one with . whom I had been least familiar. He vis whit people call reserved. He dfd^no^ iaik - of every tbisg as the otbers did. , I did soi indeed find«ut stOl xoach later that he .was i constantly in [London^ couuag and :going, . feotnatl might have-seen much ©£ each other. : Tet he liked me well enough. He ^ned ' watmly in his brother's izrntation.., When , Charley said there wasplehty. of grouse, he added with the utmost friendfiness, 'And ye* may. get a, blaze at ? a stag.' There was a - flavor of tbe North in the speech rof all ; nob - disclosed by mere words, biit hrf an txscasibnal ' diveni^r.of idiom and change -of pronuncia- , tion. Tnfey_ were conscious 6f this, and rather proud of it than otherwise. . They did not , say Scotch, but Scots; and- their abcent could not be represented oy any of the .. travesties of the theatre, or what we con ventionally accept as the national utterance. : When I attempted to pronounce after them, my own ear inf ormod me what a travesty it . was. It was to the family represented by these young people that I was going when I started on August 20, . a- blazing summer day, with dust and heat enough to merit the name of stiinmer if anything ever did. But when I arrived at my journey's end' there was just change enough to mark tbe line between sum mer andautumn ; alittlegolden hazeiri the air, a purple bloom of heather on the hills, a : tench cere and there upon a stray branch, very few, yet enough to swear by. Ellermore l&y; in the heart of a beautiful district full of mountains and lochs, within the Highland line, and just on the verge of some of the wildest mountain scenery in Scotland. It was situated in the midst of' an amphitheatre of hills, not of any very exalted height, but of a moat picturesque form, with peaks and couloirs like an alpine range in- little, all glowing with the purple blaze of the heather, with gleams upon, them that looked like snow, but were in reality water — white threads of mountain torrents. In front of the house was a small loch embosomed in the hills, from one end of -which rana cheerful little stream, much intercepted by boulders, and' much the brighter for tie interruptions, which mean dered through the glen, aud fell into another lech of greater grandeur and pretensions. Ellermore itself was a comparatively new house, built upon a fine slope of lawn over the lake, and sheltered by line trees— great . beeches which would not have done discredit to Berkshire— though that it not what we expect to see in Scotland ; besides the ashes find firs, which we are ready to acknowledge as of northern growth. I was not prepared for the luxuriance of tbe West Highlands— the mantling green of ferns and herbage Everywhere, not to say the wealth of Sowers, which formed a centre of still more brilliant color and cultiva tion amid all the purple of the hiHs. {Everything was soft aud rich and warm about the Highland mansion house. I had (Expected stern scenery and a grey at* knesphcre. I found an almost excessive luxuriance of vegetation and color every where. The father of my friends received kne at a door which was constantly open, and inhere it seemed to me after a while that boitody was ever refused admission. He was a tell old man, dignified but homely, with White hair and moustache and the fresh color of a rural patriarch, which, however, lie -was not, but an energetic man of buai toess, as 1 afterwards found. The Campbells bf Ellermore were not .great chiefs in that anuch- eztesded clan, but they were perfectly *well known people and had held their little testate from remote antiquity. Bat they had (not stood upon their -gentility, or refused to avail themselves of the opportunities that jcainc in their way. I have observed that iu the great and wealthy region of which OHm- j gow is the capital the number of the irrecon cilables who stand out against trade is few. , The gentry have seen all the advantagee of combining commerce with tradition. Had -it not been for this it is likely that Ellermore Vv-ould have been a very different plaoe. Now , it was overflowing with a31 those signs of ease and simple -luxury which make life so smooth* - There was littie show, but there was a profusion of comfort. Everything; rolled upon velvet. It was perhaps more like' the house of arich- merchant than ' of » family of long descent. Nothing could be more perfect as a pleasure estate than was this little High land property. They had 'plenty of grouse.1' and aleo of trout in a succession of little ; lochs and mountain streams. They had deer on the bills. They had their own- mutton, and everything vegetable that was needed for the large profuse household, from potatoes and cabbage up to grapes and peaches. But With all this primitive wealth there was not much money got out of Ellermore. The 'works' in Glasgow supplied that. What the works were I have never exactly found ' out, but they afforded occupation for {all the family, both father and sons; and that the results were of the most pleasing description as regarded Mr. Campbell's banker it was easy to see. They were all at home with the exception Of Colin, the eldest son, for whose absence many apologies, some of which seemed much more elaborate than were at all necessary, were made to me. I was for my own quite indifferent to tlie absence of Colin. He was not tbe one who had interested me most ; and though Charley was considerably younger than myself, I had liked him better from the first. Tom and Jack were still younger. They were all occupied at %- the works,' and came home only from Saturday to Monday; The ' little trio in the nursery were delightful chil dren. To see them gathered about Charlotte Was enough to melt sny heart. Chatty they called Tier, which is not a very dignified name. but I got to think it the most beautiful in the world aB it sounded all over -that cheerful, much-populated house. ' ' Where ia Chatty f was the first question every one asked as 'he caeae in at the door. If she was not imme diately found it went volleying through the house, all up the stairs and through the pas sages— ' Chatty , where are you T'-*and was always answered from somewhere or other in a full soft voice, which was audible every where though it never was loud. ' Here am I, boys,' she would say, with a pretty inver sion -which pleased me. Indeed, everything pleased me in Chatty— too much, more than reason. I found myself thinking what would become of them all if, for example, she were to marry, and entered into a hot argument with myself on one occasion by way of proving that it would be the most selfish thing in the world were tide family to work upon Chatty's feelings and prevent her from marrying, as most probably, I could not help feeling, they would. At the same time I perceived with a little shudder how entirely the whole thing would collapse if by any chance Chatty should be decoyed away. I enjoyed my stay beyond description. In the morning we were out on the hills or about the country. In the evening it very often happened that we all strolled out after dinner, and that I was left by Chatty's side, '' the boys' having a thousand objects of interest, while Mr. Campbell usually sat in his library and read the newspapers,* which arrived at that time either by the coach from Oban or by the boat. In this way I went over the whole ' policy/' as the grounds sur Tounding a country house are called in Scot land, with Chatty, who would not be out of reach at this hour, lest her father should want her, or the children. She would bid me cot to stay with her when no doubt it would be more amusing for me to go with the toys ; and when I assured her my pleasure was far greater as it was, she gave' me a gracious, frank smile, with a little shake of her head. She laughed at me softly, bidding me not to be too polite or to think 'she would mind if I left her ; but Itnink; on the whole, the liked to have me with her in her evening walk. 'There is one thing you have not told me of,' I said, 'and that you must possess. I caenct believe that your family has been settled here so long without having a ghost.' She had turned round to look at me, to know what it was that had been omitted in her descriptions. .When the heard what it was ehe smiled a little, but not with the pleasant mockery I had expected. On the contrary, it was a sort or gentle smile of recognition that something had been left out. ? 'We'Jont ?allltaghort.'-'eh.said. '1 *ia-Bn*ittnAnT*AAf jrm liyil m»iiiwnnt»wwL I . am fond of it- for -my part : but then.I have. !beWusiyitoilanmyufe7 Ana'fere we*M,' : then,' ehe ad£cd as we reached the top to* a ; little ascent and came out^npbn a raised ? avenue, which- X had known by its ntaie of ; tiie Lady's Walk withont as yet getting any (explanation what that meant. It mustliave '- been, X supposed, the avenue to the old house, I and now encircled one portion of the grounds ! without any distinct meaning. On the 'side I nearest the gardens and house it was but j slightly raised above the shrubberies, but on the other side was the summit of a high bank \- sloping steeply to the river, which, after it escaped from the loch, made a wide bend i round 'that portion of the grounds. Atow of ireallygrand beeches rose on each side of the [path, and through the openings iu thejtrees the Bouse, the bright gardens, the silvery igleanrof the loch 'were visible. The cveninc bun was slanting into on* eyes as' we walked 'along; a little soft yet brisk air was patter ing, among the leaves, and here and there a [yenow cluster in the middle of a branch {?bowing the first touch of a cheerful decay. ''Here we are, then.' It was a. curious jphrase : but there are some odd idioms in the jStotch— I toean Scots'— form of our common . uangnage, and I had become accustomed now (to accept them without remark. I *r I suppose,' I said, 'there must be some Ibick-way to the village or to the farmhonse : Innder this bank, though' thereseenis no room - Ifora-pathl'' ; ; 1*rVtby 'do you ask ?° s&e; said, looking at , jmc with a smile. | *' Because I always hear eome one passing , ialongT-Iiimaginedown there. The steps are !very distinct. Don't ycu hear them now? lit has puzzled me e good deal, for I cannot ; {make out where the path can be.' : She smiled again, with a meaniog ia her ° jsmile,-and looked at me steadily,, listening, , jas I was. And then, after a pause, she said, ?'That is what you were asking for. If we ?did not hear it, itnvould make us unhappy. (Did you not know why this was called the jLady'sWalk?' : When she said these words I was oon ?sciOHBOf an odd enough change in my sen sations— nay, I should Eay in my very sense {of bearing, which was the one appealed to. I bad heard the sound often, and, after looking (back at first to see who it was and seeing no . tone, had made up my mind that the steps :. Were on some unseen byeway and heard- them {accordingly, feeling qvite sure that the soand - ?came from below. 2iow my hearingjchsnged, end I could -not understand how I had ever ^thought anything else : the steps were on a . level with us,: by our side — as if some third person were accompanying us along the iavenue. I am no believer in ghosts, nor the , leaBt superstitious, so far as I had ever been , aware (more than everybody is), but I felt myself get out of the way with some celerity snda certain thrill of curious sensation. The idea of rubbing shoulders with something unseen startled me in spite of myself. ' Ah,' said Charlotte, 'it gives you an— lunpleasant feeling. 1 forgot' you are ndt ?used to it like me ' I am tolerably well usedto it, for I have heard it often.' 1 said, somewhat ashamed, of my involuntary movement. Then I laughed, -which' I felt to be altogether out of place and fictitious, and said, ' No doubt there is some very easy explanation of it — some vibration or echo. The science of acoustics clears, up many mysteries.' 'There is no explanation,' Chatty said, almost angrily. 'She haa walked here far longer than any one can remember. It is an ill sign for ub Campbells -when she goes away. She was tbe eldest daughter, like me ; and I think she has get to be our guardian ange]. There is no barm going to happen aa long ds she te fcere. Listen to her,' she cried, stand ing still with her hand raised. The low sun phone full on her, catching her brown hair, the lucid clearness of 'her brown eyes, her checks so clear and soft, in eolor a little Eummef-brown, too. I stood and listened with a something of excited feeling which. I could not control : the - sound of this third person, whose steps were not to be mistaken though 'she-wis unseen, made my heart beat : if, indeed, it was not merely 'the presence of my companion, 'who was sweet- enough' to account for any man's emotion. ' Vou are startled,' she said with a smile. ' Well ! I should not be acting my part, should I, as I ought, if I did not feel the proper thrill? It must be disrespectful to a ghost not to be afraid-'3 '♦' Don't say a ghost,' said Chatty ; ' I thtnk that is disrespectful. It is the Lady of Eller more ; everybody knows about her. And do . you know,' she added, ' when my mother ? died— the greatest grief I have ever kndwn— tbe steps ceased ? Oh, it is true. You need .not look me in the face as if there was any thing to laugh at. It is ten years ago, aud I Tvas only a silly sort of girl, not much good to any one. They sent me out to get the air when she was lying in a doze ; and I came 'here. I -was crving, as you may' suppose, and ;at first I did not pay any attention. Then it 'struck me all at once — the lady was away. They told me afterwards that was the wdrst eign. It is always death that is comiag when she goes-away.' * : The pathos of this incident confused all my {attempts to touch it -with levity, and we went ' Ion for a little without speaking, during which jtime it is almost unnecessary to say that I twas listening with all ^ny mi^ht to |hose 'strange footsteps, which finally I persuaded imyself were no nior6 than echoes of our own. , : 'It is very curious,' I said politely. ' Of ? course you were greatly agitated and too 'much absorbed in real grief to -have any time to think of the other; and there might be . something in the state of the atmosphere— — !: i She gave toe an indignant look. We were nearly at the end of the walk ; and at that : moment I could -hove sworn' tha* the footsteps, which had got a little in advance, here turned and met us going back. lam aware that nothing could sound more foolish, and that it must have been «omevibration or atmospheric - phenomenon. But yet this'washow it seemed —not an optical but an aural delusion. So long as the steps were going tfifhusr it was less impossible to account for it ; but when they turned and audibly came back to us - not all my scepticisms couti prevent me frdm stepping aside to let them pass. This time - they came directly between us, and the i naturalness of my withdrawal out of the! way ; 'was more significant than the faltering laugh « with which I excused nyself. 'It ie a very curious sound indeed,' I said with a tremor which sKghtly affected my1 voice. : Chatty gave me a reassuring smile. She did not laugh at me, 'which was consolatory. She stood for a moment as if looking after ? tbe visionary passenger. 'We are; not ' afraid/' she said, ' even the youngest ; we all i know she is our friend.' : When we had got back to the sido of tbe loch, where, I confess, I was pleased to myself, in tbe free open-air without any per plexing shadow of trees,- 1 felt less objection to the subject. 'I' wiBh yon would tell me the story; for of course there is a story,' : I said. ' No, there is no story — at least nothing tragical or even romantic. They say she Was the eldest daughter. I sometimes wonder,' Chatty said with a smile and a faint increase of color, ' whether she Might not be a little like me. She lived here all her life, and had several Generations to take care of. Oh, 'no, there was no murder or wrong about our lady; she just loved Ellermore above every thing; but my idea is that she has been al lowed the care of us ever since.' 'That is very sweety to have the care of you,' I said, scarcely venturing to put any emphasis on the pronoun ; 'but, after all, it must be slow work, dont you think, walking up and -down there for evert I call that a poor sort of reward for a good woman. If fihe had been a bad one it might have answered very well for a punishment.' ' Mr. Temple !' Chatty said, now reddening with indignation, 'do you think it is a poor thing to have the care of your otra people, to watch over them, whatever may happen— to be all for them and their service. I don't think so ; I should like to have such a fate.' Perhaps I had spoken thus on purpose to bring about the discussion. 'There is such a thing as being too devoted to your family. Are they ever grateful ? They go away and marry and leave you in the lurch.' She looked up at me with a little astonish ment. 'The members may vary, but the family never goes away,' she said ; ' besides, that can. apply to us in our present situation only. She must have seen so many come and go : but that need not vex her, you know, because they go where she is.' ' My dear Miss Campbell, wait a bit, think a little,' I said : ' where she is ! That is in the Lady's Walk, according to your story. Let us hope that all our ancestors and rela tions arc not there.' ' I suppose ycu want to make me angry,' said Chatty. ' She is in heaven — have you any doubt of that? — but every day when the sun ia setting she conies back home.' *' Oh, come 1' I said, ' if it is only at the sunset that is not so bad.' Miss Campbell looked at ine doubtfully, as if not knowing whether to be angry. ': You want to make fun of it,' she said; 'to laugh at it; and jet,' ahe added with a little spirit, you were rather nervous half au hour ago.' ' I acknowledge to being nervous. I am very impressionable, I believe that is the word. It is a luxury to be nervous at the fit moment. Frightened you might say. if yoa prefer plain speaking. And I am very glad it is at sunset, not in the dark. This com pletes the round of my Highland experiences,' 1 said ; 'everything now is perfect. I have shot grouse on the hill and caught trout on tbe loch, and been soaked to the skin and then dried in the wind : I wanted nothing1 but the family ghost. And now ITiave seen her, ? or at least heard her- — ' ' If you are resolved to make a joke if it I cannot help it,' eaid Chatty, 'but I warn yon that it, is not agreeable to nw* Mr. Temple. Let us talk of something else. In ine Highland,' sh« miWth die*Hy, 'we tafcy ^iffoi^nt viflwi of ninny t^vHf'-- 'There are some things,' f;««j4r 'o«; whlcKlint one view is pbidES-fttatl fihoogft * have -flieTmdafcity and iinperHneHce to laugh . at anything for which yott'have a venera tion! I believe it is only because I was so, frightened ? ' She smiled again in her lovely motherly way, a smile of indulgence and forgiveness and bounty. ' You are too humble now, she . said, 'and I think I hear some one calling me; It is time to go in.' And to be sure there was some one calling ' her; there always was, I think, at all hours of the night and day. ( To bt continued.) ? 