THE NEW HEBRIDES. WITH THE NATIVES. FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT "THE VAGABOND." TANNA, Sept. 18. , During the many days I spend on Tanna I am a good deal alone with the natives. K. ia often absent in his boat looking after cocoanuts or copra up and down the coast. When not electioneering I remain in the house writing, and and the savages come and look at me curiously. Juno ia always around, and early constituted himself my cicerone. A few days after my arrival, I go out on to the beach in the cool of the eve- in. Cool is a comparative term, as it is still very hot. Juno is cleaning his Sninder under a tree. This is about all the work he gets through in a day. Seeing me walking along the sands Juno says, "Me come ?" "Yes, if you like," I reply. He picks up his rifle, "Me get Snider belong a you ?" for the trader never goes from his door unarmed. "No." Juno strides silently alter me, wondering at this. I feel very certain that if he ever enter- tains evil thoughts against me, he will let "I dare not wait upon I would." I look on Juno with interest. Is this dangerous scoundrel the joint production of 25 years of missionary enterprise here and of his own experiences of civilisation at the Torres Straits pearl fishery and in Sydney ? I fancy it is innate "cussedness" after all. But as it is not every day I meet a sevenfold murderer, he is worth studying. Not alto- gether a bad looking scoundrel, although thin, slight, and weak. Indifferently strong though I am, I could crush the life out of him if I got a grip. This the man to make uneasy the life of the young Norwegian ? "He will kill me yet, after you go away," says K. Would it not be well if I took Juno to some quiet spot in the jungle and, constituting myself judge, jury, and execu- tioner, alter the fashion of lynch law, made him acquainted with the contents of the derringer which he wots not I carry. Six years ago, when I was dispenser at Pentridge hospital, I had an average of 30 prisoners under my charge there. Half of these were generally "lifers" —men convicted of murder and the foulest of crimes ; human beasts, un- fit for earth or heaven. When compounding their medicines, which often contained deadly poisons, I sometimes thought, "Just one turn of the wrist as I measure out this dose, and the world will be well rid of a wretch." If I had done this in one case four lives would have been saved. If I neglect to "put away Juno now, and harm comes to the young Norwegian, I shall be vexed. , Along the beach under the shade of spreading trees whose roots at high water are bathed by the tide. At the western point of the bay we mount the bluff, and are soon in the mission grounds. There are three build- ings. The largest, of course, is the pastor's residence—or rather was, for Mr. Neilson has "abandoned the field," and Mr. Watt, from Kwamera, can only pay occasional visits to Port Resolution. This is a comfortable house, with lime concrete walls, thatched roof. I am not impertinent enough to look in through the windows. There is another cemented building. " Is this the church?" I ask. "No, this fellow," saya Juno, pointing to the smallest grass structure I have yet seen. There are two open doorways, but no doors. The floor is strewn with fine coral. One old chair and two stools make up the furniture. On the walls there is a painted alphabet and some written numerals, as copies. There is a native teacher here now, and he is reputed to have half a dozen scholars. And this is all which remains ol the late missionary's 14 years labour on the spot. The surroundings, however, were well looked after. There is a good cleared compound and garden patch. Juno motions his hand towards the highest point. "Good fellow look out stop there," says he. We cross the bluff till we stand over the sea on the other side of the promontory. Tree and shrub clothe it to the shore beneath. Opposite the waves dash over volcanic rocks ; below, the water is clear and limpid, reflect- ing a hundred shades from the coral reefs beneath. Cocoanut palms wave above our heads. Aniwa is in the distance. Aneitium looms up dimly on the horizon. A soft breeze woos our cheeks. It is a peaceful and glorious view. There is a seat here which I take the liberty of occupying for a time, as I think of the poet's lines in Enoch Arden. The murderer throws himself on the ground, and gazes pensively seaward. He, too, is affected by the influence of the scene. A long time we both gaze in silence. "What name you think him, Juno, ?" I ask. "Good fellow look out," is the reply. I wonder what he feels. Is it of the past or the future he is thinking ? or is it only a refined enjoy- ment in the present beauty before us ? I begin to think that the murderer ia a man of taste. , We go to the missionary village, which is close at hand. A broken down corral of reeds fails to keep out vagrant pigs. There are here exactly the same low huts, and roofs without walls, there is the same foul- ness, the same squalor, the same naked men as on the heathen island of Ambym. I try to find the Christians. One man, with a low- comedy countenance, honest-looking, but not extra intelligent, is brought to me. He is a church-goer, if not a member. His father took him when quite "small piccanniny." His opinion is, "Missionary very good man," and that seems to be his only article of faith. He greets Juno, however, very amicably ; public opinion does not seem to be against the murderer. Outside the village there is, of course, the "kava house ; it is merely an open shed, where, at sundown, the men of the tribe meet to drink the decoction of the plant which botanists call piper methis- ticum— the one delight of all natives of Eastern and Western Polynesia. I have drunk it in Hawaii and Fiji, but not prepared as it is here where the root is chewed by boys, who expectorate into a wooden bowl, to which water is added to the required strength. When the root is beaten on stones into a pulp and powder by lithe-limbed and long-haired Samoa or Tongan girls, who chant mystic lays till the drink is prepared, it is a diferent thing. One can really like kava, or angona, under these conditions, although in taste it always seemed to me a cross between soapsuds and magnesia. But a small bowl of kava, when one is heated and tired, has it wonderfully soothing effect on the nerves, acting something like absinthe. Many Fijian planters take it after coming in from a day's toil. Kava-drinking is always strictly honoured in the observance in these isles. This flowing bowl calms and does not excite. It is at kava-time the elders talk over busi- ness ; it is in the open place in front that public meetings are held, that pigs are killed, and women dance and sing—both hideously —under the shade of the great banyan tree, always adjacent to a kava house. , I accept Juno's escort to many villages inland. The bush tracks are very narrow, up and down, high reeds towering overhead. Sometimes we are almost crawling through the jungle. Each village is the same—a dozen houses, an open space, the kava shed and banyan tree. Rank vegetation is all around. Only occasionally can one obtain a breath of pure air from the distant ocean. That is an article these islanders do not care about. By his hut one may see the grave of some chief not dead long enough for the traces to be obliterated. A Chinese habit this of burying the dead alongside the homes of the living. The population in these vil- lages may vary from 20 to 40. Farther inland the villages, if not so numerous, are more populous. But at some distance Juno will go no further. This is the road to the home of his last victim, and he makes a consider- ble detour to avoid it. I cannot help think- ing of Dick Swiveller. Everywhere one sees the same haggard women, bearing the burden of maternity at home, or returning from toil in the yam patch, or husking cocoanuts to be bartered at the store for tobacco. Polygamy is the rule here. The number of single young men away as labourers enables the elders of influence at home to acquire a plurality of wives. Juno has four in his harem. Fearful hags all of them, but useful at yam planting. I wonder as I look which of them is the (^PMe of blood. Woman has to work and weep here. No wonder she likes to escape the easy life in Queensland. But, compara- tively, are they in worse case here than the peasant women one sees toiling in the fields in France and Germany ? These pass an ex- istence to which it is not surprising any young girl—being tempted—prefers a life of shame in the cities. I look at some of these hags, and remember the hideous old French woman who assaulted me in a country road, on the march to Orleans, some time in the fall of 1870. In the early dawn I unthink- ingly took on apple or a pear from an over- hanging tree, just as one would in the States, where you pluck an apple as one does blackberry in England. An old paysanne followed me, and abused me as a German thief. I could not understand the trouble at first. Then she, encouraged by my mildness, picked up a stick and would have soundly thrashed me if I hadn't run away. She made good time in chase, however, till we over- took some soldiers who knew me and ex- plained her dialect. A franc brought down on my head all the blessings of "Our Lady." Now this old woman, in comparison with a Parisian dame, was infinitely more hideous than any of Juno's wives. , On my word I am getting to feel rather an interest in this savage in spite of the seven deaths at his door. One reason may be that he is intelligent, and as I grow older I am impatient of fools. I have an idea Juno looks up to and respects me as a new variety of civilised man in these islands. K. says he is "cheeky," but then one cannot expect a smart savage to see anything particularly noble in exchanging sticks of tobacco for cocoatnuts, and the fault of all traders is that they are too familiar with the natives. One day the news comes that Juno has been stung by a fish. We mount the hill to his village, where we find Juno crouching over a fire, moaning dismally, and holding one hand tightly by the wrist. These people cannot stand pain. They possess none of the wild virtues of the American Indian. His hand is swollen ; on the ball of the thumb a small puncture is visible from the fin of the fish. I apply nitrate of silver, I give him Eno's fruit salt in plenty, I bathe it with "painkiller," and also dose him with it. Then a hot poultice of broken biscuits, at which he squirms. More Eno, more painkiller, and four Lightning pills, "to be taken at bed- time." I only want some of Frank Weston's Wizard Oil to cure Juno at once. I think of the designs on the life of the "Snark." and have the supreme consolation that if this treatment does not cure Juno it will perchance kill him. They have not much sympathy for each other these savages. The hags of the harem look on stupidly, the windmaker sur- ves my operations curiously, and the second murderer grins when Juno shrinks from the caustic. This youth is the other's shadow— they are always together. He has been seen hiding in the trees nearr the store at night with the presumed idea of taking a pot-shot at the trader. The pair of them would put away Banquo "and Fleance too" in improved style on reduced terms/ The second mur- derer is not yet known to have killed his man in cold blood, but he is an entered appren- tice being prepared by the P.M. The right- fun heir, to whom Juno is protector, stares with all his eyes at the course of treatment his uncle is experiencing. He is a little, ricketty boy, afflicted with the dance of St. Vitus. I give him a small dose of Eno in a cocoanut shell ; he howls dismally at first, but, as it tickles his throat, drinks it greedily. . The murderer, I believe, is really thank- ful ; he says so, at least. I confess I am rather astonished when he turns up nearly cured in the morning. I do not, however, recommend the above treatment as being suitable for all cases ol poisoning by sting of fish or bite of snake. This fish which hurt Juno is a most peculiar one. Short and round, with parrot beak and fins like wings, it is covered with green slime and horrible dark eruptions which make it look like a stone in the water. The spines which run down the back are poisonous. Originally its colour would be a reddish pink. Can Juno have any feelings of gratitude ? This morning he says to me, "You like him this ?" pulling a little pearl shell charm from his neck, which I shall keep as a curio. Is Juno worse than many other heathen who have been held up to praise by missionary legend ? He acts but according to his lights ; killing is his line of business ! I ask him why he slew a woman some time back. He maintains that he was quite right. She was seen to pick up a piece of banana skin thrown away by a man of his tribe, who afterwards sickened. The conclu- sion was that she had taken the refuse to a disease-maker. So Juno shot her. He nar- rates it in a most matter-of-fact way—how he walked in the bush round a yam patch where his victim was working, how once he had sighted his game, but a little child being in line on the other side, he was afraid the ball might strike her, so he shifted his position. "Very good, she no make him fellow matè, any more" I think of Thakambau who died in the odour of sanctity, who had been an honoured guest at Government-houses in Sydney and Levuka, after having killed hundreds in hot and cold blood, and eaten his scores. Much bigger sinners than Juno have repented, and according to the churches have been white- washed sufficiently to secure admission to the kingdom of Heaven. I think I must try my hand at a little missionary work on this First Murderer. , The first Sunday after my landing I go to church. There is service twice a day—in the morning at 8, in the afternoon at 2 o'clock. Wending my way thither in the bush, near the native village, I catch a convert mooning about, rifle in hand. He pretends not to have heard the bell toll, but I say, "Get thee behind, and follow me." The full congre- gation consists—first of the native teacher, who is from Aneitium ; then there is Charlie, who, the fight being over, has attired himself in a singlet and sulu once more. He is in e2eDthe pride of place behind an old packing case, which may be taken to represent a reading- desk. Little Narua is by his side on a chair. A nice little boy this of about 11. I take him to be the prize pupil. He is decently dressed ín a jersey now, but on off days he is to be seen on the beach nude, after the manner of Tanna, and carrying a musket. A chair in front has been placed ready for my use. On one side there is a very old man and my re- cruit, four males all told. There are on the other side three little girls, one bright and intelligent-looking, whom I take to be Narua's sister. One young and four old women. Such hags ! Seated on the ground, they tuck up their grass petticoats as cushions, their long thin limbs and ugly feet sprawling over the broken coral have an ape-like appearance, and their wizened faces and withered dugs do not dispel the illusion. Thirteen souls in all here, when there must be at least 20 in the missionary village, a stone's throw distant, 200 within half an hours walk ! I make a calculation that the eleven, excluding myself and the teacher, must have cost about £500 each to bring them to the present stage. They are dear at the price. , The teacher is a meek man, not strong enough for the place, I imagine. All these Aneitium natives I have met are the same, quiet and docile, perchance learned in the letter of the law in their own language, akin to that of this side of Tanna, but otherwise appearing fools of the first quality. They cannot speak English so well, nor are they half so small or intelligent as a returned lubour boy. This "catechist: opens with a sort of an address or prayer. Then one of the sisters reads from a printed pamphlet what I presume is a chapter from the Testa- ment, although there is a running chorus, or response, as to the litany of the Church of England. A hymn is then sung to the tune of "Far, far away," of which I presume it is a translation. Then a short prayer— it is a prayer this time, as the people bow their heads, though they neither kneel nor stand, and "finish." The be- haviour throughout is good. Charlie, who appears to act as a sort of deacon, is not in his manner any the worse for his trip in a labour vessel. The old man is attentive, as if he were vainly trying to fathom the mys- tery. My recruit is uneasy. Little Narua, to whom I have taken a fancy, is the best of boys, but by his glances at me every now and then I can see he is "playing to" the stranger. I am afraid he will turn out a little prig, after all. His sister, laughing at the other girl, catches my eye, and immediately puts on a most solemn face. The old women are the most enthusiastic, although when a dog walks and a pigeon flies in, the whole congregation is at once animated with what appears to be joy at a welcome break in the monotony of the service. They are but children, these people, and we know how hard it is to avoid yawn- ing. , The service chiefly commends itself to me by its brevity. When we are outside the shed I ask to be shown the grave of Mrs. Paton, wife of the first missionary at Port Resolution. I am told that it is far down on the beach, where the first mission station was planted, but the buildings were all burnt after Mr. Paton fled in 1862. The natives then asked me to go and see a sick woman in their village. She is crooning over the fire in one of the wretched huts, and is in bad case. I suggest warm bandages round the loins, when her husband says, "How we make him ? We no get all fellow same as town." Then I give them a lecture on their folly in spending their money on Sniders and cart- ridges instead of in flannel and calico, and other useful things for themselves and their wives. I preach them a sermon on this Sab- bath afternoon, taking as text the five fingers of my hand. This, I say, represent five villages. "One fellow so," and I push the native with my dexter ; "all fellows so," and I give him as smart blow with my fist. If the men of Tanna will fight amongst themselves they will always be weak as one finger, and have no money to buy all the comforts which white men enjoy. I ask Narua to come down to the house, and I will give him medi- cine ; but kava time is at hand, and he must to his task of chewing and ex- pectoration. He is the missionary's model boy ; but this beastly native custom still claims him. George, however, comes with me, and I give him a dose of chlorodyne for the sick woman. It is something to the good that they believe in the white man's medicine in this village. In another they might have put the illness down to the malicious act of some enemy with the aid of a "disease- maker ;" there would have been much talk, and Juno, perhaps, would have been called in to square matters with his rifle. , The trader takes me to the grave of the first white laly on Tanna. I am interested in this, as I had read in Dr. Steel's work the following touching testimony to Mrs. Paton— "She did not, like Williams and Harris, on Erromanga, lose her life by the hand of violence, yet from her youth, her devoted spirit, her short career, and her sudden and unexpected death, the grave of Mary Ann Robson Paton, as it rises up to view near the seashore, and under the shade of the palm trees of Tanna, will in future times be an object of interest and a source of influence, second only to the graves of the female martyrs of our native land, who 'loved not their lives unto the death.' In other days, the sable daughters of Tanna, when en- lightened by the gospel, will lead their children to the grave of her who left home and kindred, and traversed the mighty ocean, and sat down among these savage cannibals for their sakes, that she might speak to them of Jesus, and teach them the way of salvation." This is very nicely expressed, and naturally inspired me with interest, and a desire to visit this future shrine of female Tanna. The other day I passed half an hour in God's acre at New Plymouth. There are few historical mementoes in Australia, where, happily, life for the early settlers was compara- tively safe. But the inspection of the Taranaki barracks and stockades, with the knowledge of their necessity, and that on this spot 20 years ago white men were fighting for their existence with the ruthless Maori, makes the churchyard hallowed ground to everyone who can appreciate brave deeds. In England, by a large party the Maori is held up as one who has been wronged of his lands, a gallant child of nature endowed with fine poetic sentiments, altogether a higher order of being to the whites who have sup- planted him. In Australia we have solved our native difficulty by never allowing that the blacks have any rights in the soil at all. And so with our own beam excised, we have had a clear view of our neighbour's mote. In Taranaki and Gisborne, where there have been native murders, massacres, and wars, the people naturally take a different view of the Maori, in which I rather agree with them. But in God's acre in New Plymouth I thrilled with indignation at seeing the neglected state of the graves of the soldiers and sailors who died in defence of the infant settlement. The wooden head-crosses broken down, the names obliterated—not a sign of respect to the brave and forgotten dead, to the disgrace of the living. , It maybe pleaded that in a young, pros- perous, and flourishing community, where life is busy and brisk, the people have not yet had time to cultivate the softer and more refining sentiments and virtues. But I certainly did not expect to see the same neglect at the grave of a missionary's wife, whose death has been made the theme of book and poem. AII along the shore is thickly clothed with vegetation, there is nothing rising "up to view" but cocoanut trees. K. strikes into a hog path, and we force our way through the bush to a spot which was once cleared. Here there is a rude well, sign of the late missionary dwell- ing. But this is not what we have come out to see. We retrace our steps, and a native leads us along a trail ; we break the bushes for some yards, and here in the midst of the jungle, covered with matted vegetation, with rank weeds and decaying shrubs which we have to cut away before we can see it, is the grave of the white lady. No stone marks the site but a strong circular coral wall, firmly cemented, is built around. Stumbling on this in the jungle I should take it for the last dim trace of some forgotten tribe long since passed away. There is naught to show that this is the resting place of the lady, but our native guide is firm on that point, and shows the smaller grave of the infant, who followed the mother, by its side. "Mis- sionary always make him so," and he shows us one other coral wall covered with fragrant flowers. I have to hack these away with my knife to read the headstone which some loving hand has erected here. Surely this must be Mrs. Paton's ? But no ! It is sacred to the memory of the Rev. Samuel Johnston, one if the early Nova Scotian pioneers of this mission, who died in the first year of his residence here. I have to scrape away the mould from the stone to read this and the text, "The night cometh, when no man can work." This is the only sign we can find save a wooden headboard under a mound of leaves which was once planted over the grave of an unfor- tunate trader, named Underwood, who met his death through an explosion of gunpowder in his store. I feel more in- dignant at the neglect of God's acre here than I did at Taranaki. Respect for the homes of the departed may not be held as necessary to our own salvation, but at least it would have a moral effect upon the heathen. As "an object of interest and a source of influence" the grave of Mrs. Paton will soon be again covered and forgotten, unless K. keeps up the clearing, which we made—a tribute from sinners. . One night we have a diversion in the shape of a wake. A chief in a neighbouring village is dead, and all day long there has been a slaughter of pigs. Each clan brings one. and these are exchanged over the body of the departed. His own tamily has killed one pig extra, which having been roasted or burnt over the fire and cut up into small pieces is distributed amongst the mourners. There is a dense smoke from the row of fires all around the huts. The women are gathered about the grave, the four wives of the deceased have their faces all blackened, which out- ward sign of woe they must wear for six months, during which they must remain sealed unto the deceased, and no man must look at them. There is a moaning and lamentation from all the women, varied occa- sionally by a shrill cry, the death keen— altogether reminding me very forcibly of an Irish wake. Hie body is done up elegantly, wrapped in mats, and deposited in a rude coffin in a grave some 5ft. deep. These clothes are the first the deceased has ever worn. His ordinary costume of paint has been much added to for this occasion, the face being all over red and yellow and black, the haai nicely dressed, and adorned with feathers. The women shed real tears, whether from feeling or custom I cannot say. The wailing ceases at intervals, and the "orator of the day" gives out what I sup- pose is a panegyric on the virtues of the deceased. The men appear to have been drinklng kava, and are rather stupid, but there is a controversy amongst them as to who killed the late chief, what enemy stole some refuse of his food and changed it into nahuk. Woe to anyone on whom suspicion may fall ! What with the heat and the smoke and the noise, I thought the prin- cipal performer at this cercmony had the best time of it. As regards this people's idea of a future life, I could obtain little information. They believe, however, in ghosts, and that the spirit of a slain man may haunt his murderer. 