ACADEMY OF MUSIC. Mr. W. S. Rainford's Panorama of tho Egyptian War was presented for the fir^fc time at the Academy of Music on Saturday evp-niner. and. like the maioritv of entertain ments m wmen an accompanying aiBtriouiion of gifts forms a leading feature, it was a most pronounced failure. The programme was divided into two parts, one in which some fifty views were shown on a screen, and the other consisting of songs and dances, con cluding with what was termed a laughable farce. As to the former (which, by-the-way were presented inversely), they were of the meanest order, and those persons who had attended for the sole purpose of gaining some knowledge of the late campaign in Egypt were thus sadly disappointed. What many of them were intended to represent it would be impossible to accurately state, for no printed programme was issued, and tho lecturer fell into all sorts of errors concern ing them. On one occasion, in describing what appeared to be the bows of a troopship with a lew Bailors sitting over the sides, ho said, ' Here, ladies and gentlemen, you see Sir Garnet Wolseley and his eight generals.' 'Where are they?' returned a voice in tho gallery, to which the lecturer responded by asking tthe audience, then for the third time, to excuBe any shortcomings. This Bort of thing prevailed throughout the evening, but at other times the Dungling was not so noticeable as on this occasion, inas much as the_ views might have represented almost anything. As to the lecturer himself, it is difficult to conceive why such a person should have been chosen for the position. The few sentences which he read on tho sub ject of each view, when placed on the screen, were delivered without the slightest regard to the rule3 of tho English language. All aspirates were omitted by him, and the fre quently used word ' cavalry' was rendered as the more sacred 'Calvary.' In one instance the gallantry and valour of the soldiers were said _ to deserve the General's 'condemnation,' instead of 'commenda- tion ;' and, in fact, throughout, what with his novel and quaint pronunciation of Egyp tian localities, such as ' Tel-ee-kee-beer' and ' Ar-eh-by Pawshaw,' and his self-acquired renderingof the honoured Queen's English, the more intelligent portion of the audience were comx-letely disgusted, and ofttimes gave vent to their feelings b\ outbursts of Batirical laughter. At the conclusion of the first part of the programme another apology was mado for the failings in what had then taken place, and a hope was expressed that the forthcom ing part would make amends. A couple of solos were then sung, in one of which there was a breakdown, and afterwards a member of the company, whose name was not known, helped to raise the dust by the quick pattering of his feet on the stage. Following these was the laughable farce referred to, tho title of which was given out as ' The 'Aunteil 'Ouse,' and in order that our readers may havo an id ea of what was supposed to be the redeem ing feature in the programme we give the plot. A nigger is left in charge of a house, and at once sets to work to post up his master's books. A ghost, having black trou sers protruding through a sheet, twice enters and removes the ink pot from one side of the table to the other. A third entrance is made by the grim visage, this time for the purpose of blowing out a candle wMch was placed on the table. It then seated itself on the chair formerly occupied by the nigger. The Ethio pian then falls on top of the spirit and a scramble ensues, in the midst of which the curtain falls, thus ending an entertain ment endurable ouly on account of the extreme absurdity of the whole pro ceedings. There_ seems to be an opinion amongst travelling showmen that* any thing will sain support in Adelaide, but we would respectfully remind them that such is not so, and we would also advise novices such as Mr. Rainford and his company to see that everything is properly in order before attempting to meet a South Australian audience as professionals. Several articles were given away by Mr. Rainford at the close, including what was said to be a valuable gold watch, which fell into the hands of Mr. John Lipman, who is at present residing at the Metropolitan Hotel. The Panorama will be repeated this evening. 