TURF NOTES. The Sooth Australian Jockey Club's autumn c&rnirat; was commenced on Saturday under moat dispiriting circumstances, the rain having made its appearance 21 hour* earlier' than in this part of Viotoria. Ap pearances, in lack, were so gloomy that the stewards at.one time contemplated a poit ' ponement; but they finally decided to make the. venture. As a matter of course, the »i< tendance was very sparse, nor was the going lit all satisfactory. Small fields were the rule; and so the way was cleared for some real good things, amongst them Tyropean, Guess> work, and Toonketchen. Mr. S. Barnard's dual victory with Dirk Hatteraick was very popular, and there can be no doubt that he is the lucky possessor of a promising colt The handeomelyshaped son of Smuggler is Vic* torlanbred, from Ux. A. Smith's atudfarm In Oipps Land. The outtlfig-out tactics were once more adapted with Gnesswork in hit St Leger match with Prometheus, and so wsllwasthe Utile |ihe|niit,that tt waa simply a romp for l)im, tbsonly ray of hope vouchsafed to the $«$et» befng a stumble on the part o! Die winner at the drain. Guesswork was staunchly supported in Melbourne on the day of the race, beginning at 2 to land ending at5 to 2, i w^UsVaswittbeseeuelsewhere. 8 tol was the prioe at the post The patience of Mr. jn$i£{upiiiptikd Mr. Crook has bean sorely tnf4^%w3>rometheus, no doubt; and all is ttattbsoolt will appear to better ad van tags another season, Tbe second day's casing at Adelaide pro* duoed another lostanoe of tbe glorious un oertainty attending the turf. Whenthenews oametbrotuh the'wires that Sting was the winner of whs Cap, people were universally Mtonlahed, the name of the colt having aoaroelybeen written in Melbonrae. We bear, however^ of a nice " doable"-Sting and Bunoio-the holder of which ought to be now* reposing on the softest of velvet Last jear.it wilt be remembered, Stiognroved himself a* brilliant performer over *U die* tSnoes, and also at tbe spring meetings at Eawkasbury and Sydney, where he wonthe Grand Handicap and Ins Craven Plate. He was, moieo*er, a great fancy for the last Mel bourne Oop,,bnt Inconsequence of rupturing blood vessel in the Melbonrae Stakes be otolyfigorad indifferently Inthe big handloap. After « «o ad , spell of rest, the son of wand Kimrtti QueettBeewas put into training for but acted, the psxt of whipp«r-ln Worn j»nd to snd of ths Sooth Yarra Handi; jal l^ baokofSttng woidd Abpeertonavenadnooonfldenoeln himforths AoiUis Xta ft slss m wenld not have been iulojr»dto start a rank outsider. Os won (Mioagh, bQwarert thought bafr for being more than once hampered in (be race, Guesswork might have turned the tables on him, and won the cap for the knightly donor. The time vas excellent, and has only been exceeded by Banter, in 1879, who com passed the distance in3m. 35j.,three-quarters of a Bdcond leas than Sting; but the former only carried 6st. lllb., ana therefore Sting's performance with 8 it. Olb. must be stamped first-class. Both The Planger and Guess work thoroughly Justified their posi tions in the betting; but Coriolanus ran a perfect impostor when the actual struggle commenced, so much so that his de tractors will still pronounce his Champion victory of last year a fluk«. In Melbourne, an hour or two before the race.too more than S to 1 could have been had about CoriolanuB. Turf matters are pretty well at a standstill now in New South Wales, and until the curtain rises on the Rand wick stage next spring, minor bills of fare are all the Sydney folks can look forward to, if we except the Queen's Birthday meeting of the Sydney Turf Club, the general entries for which closed on Thursday last The weights are due on Thursday next. The acceptances for the two principal handicaps, it will ba seen, are very satisfactory. The Mudgee Tattersall's Racing Club meeting has been altered from the Queen's Birthday to the. Slat inst. The time for general entries is similarly extended. The weights for the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting will appear next Monday. Heath cote acceptances and general entries must be made on Wednesday next, The handi caps are issned to-day. On Tuesday next the three days' racing in connexion with the Adelaide Racing Club comes into prominence. Acceptances for the Cup and City Handicap, together with final payments and general entries, must be in the hands of the secretary on that ti ay. Oar Queensland readers will likewise note that the general entries for the Turf Club meeting fall due on Tuesday. The entries for the three fiat raceB and hurdle race at Elsternwick will be received by Mr. Gibney. the secretary, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Monday next. Balranald acceptances are due to-day (Saturday). We have to aknowledge, from Messrs. Barker and Chambers, receipt of the cata logue of] thoroughbred stock, belonging to Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., to be sold at the Sturt Horse Banar, Adelaide, on Friday, the 18 ch inst Ill-health is the cause of the break up of Mr. Coglin's stud, and it is an event deeply to be regretted, after holding a lead ing position for nearly half a century as sportsman and breeder in the colonies. In all there are 51 lots, comprising 10 yearlings, 5 two-year-olds, 22 brood mares, and 13 fous, along with the young sire The Hook, by Fish hook-Juliet, a Touchstone mare. The fashionable blood which embellishes the catalogue ought to insure an influential attendance and a renumerative sale. The balance-sheet of the Hay Jockey Club, I produced at the recent meeting, is very satisfactory. The receipts for the season amounted to £1.230 15s. 8d., and, after de fraying all liabilities, a balance of £100 lis lid. remains in hand. Considering (hat the attendance of the pnblic was so meagre at the last races, there is not much to grumble about financially. Amongst the receipts was ] a donation of £10 from Mr. F. Wentworth, and a profit of £2010*. on the totalisator. A special general meeting of the club is ordered (or the 26th inst, to deal with the question of the expalsion of Mr. W. Roberts, on the following eroands: -L That he wrongly scratched Terminus for the Hillston Races, after said hone had won the Selling Race at Hay, and become the property of Mr. J. Dillon; 2 That he was implicated in the maliciously wounding of Terminus. Mr. James Russell is elected president, and Mr. C. G. Stewart vice president, for the year. " Nemo," in the Sydney Mad, has an article on the " Dark Side of the Turf," in which he is pretty severe on the bookmakers. He says:-"A certain section of the sporting world is becoming very4 clever' of late, and all sorts of tricks are practised by the lower class of horseowners and backers to entrap 4 The Ring,' the members of which have only themselves to blame, for they opened the ball. It appears to me that bookmaking, properly carried out, is as legitimate an occupation as any other business that depends upon the movements of a market; and a layer of odds who may conduct his book on strict figures is pretty well certain to make a large profit at each race meeting, for the odds offered of late are very short and all the chances are in favour of the layer as against the taker of odds. Notcontentwith this, many members of the' Ring' are In such a hurry to accumulate wealth that they descend to every kind of trickery Mid meanness to fleece their patronB. They frequently 'stand in' with an owner and trainer, and, where there are several horses (n the «&sae; stable, they are kept well posted up as to what is going on." But a qualifica tion here comes iniV'Theie is a con tinual warfare waged between the lower classes of bookmakers and back&s..; It muBt not be inferred that the majority of owners, trainers, and bookmakers are sharpers, for most owners and trainers ran their horses to win. and many bookmakers are honourable men. Indeed, amongst their ranks I know many that are the best of husbands and fathers, and whom I would be clad to call friend." The" Sale Turf Club have decided to bold their Winter Steeplechase meeting after the V.R.C. Grand National meeting in July. Par* Uculars will shortly appear, _ . The entries for the Melbourne Hunt dab meeting on the Queen's Birthday, appealed on Monday, and everybody /connected there with most be deeply gratified at the result. The entries are considerably in excess of last year. Thus the Hurdle Race has 14 against. 11; Queen's Birthday 8takes, 27, as before;! the Steeplechase, 15 against?; the Corinthian Flat Rtos, 17 egafiut 11; the Selling Race, 14 against 7 ; whilst the Flying Stakes shows afalUngoff of a couple with 24. In all, the total Is 111, or 22 more than last year. The weights appear on Monday, the 14th inst The annnal meeting Of the Adelaide Tat tersall's Club was held laat.week. The state ment of aooeuots for the past year showed that the club had a balance of over £156 to commence with. Since the year began £100 had been spent on the rooms. The total receipts for the year amonnted to £328 7s. 6J., but the expenditure Tan up to £428. There is a difficulty, ft a&pears;, In getting in subscriptions. The club numbiers 212 mem bers, out very little mote than half paid the rear s subscriptions. This presents a wide contrast to 4he Victorian Club in this^oity. In addition, it la intimated that Mr. E. M. Bagot, chairman of the «tub since its forma ^^h^foUod^appeani in the Western Gra der, relative to certain matters arising out of the recent Wiloannla meeting:-"The settling took plaoe at Fel^'sHotel last night It was well attended, but was de prived of mow of the lnterefet and harmony usual in snoh gatherings by -the decision of the stewards to nold over the money #on by Mr. Yates's hones tffitDMotMta ram against Slow Tom, to the effwt that he bw been falsely entered as a maiden, are de cided. As will be seen by the report, Mr. Tates appears a very large winner, his horses being first in the Maiden Plate, Wilcannia and W.J.C. Handicaps, Town Plate, and Members' Race, and of course no proper settling could be made by the books or the pnblic while so many races stood undecided. No opinion can be expressed as to the correctness of the pro tests ; but the following is the decision arrived at by the stewards, and which was posted at Tattersall's on Thursday night -'The stewards have considered the pro* tests against Slow Tom, and have decided not to pay over the Btakes for the races won by that horse, nor those won by any other horse the property of Mr. Yates at this meeting, utuil the matter has been further investigated. It will probably be a fortnight before the matter can be decided.'" Oar New Zealand correspondent gives par ticalars of a barefaced piece of "roping" that occarred at the Ashbnrton Racing Club Meeting. The stewards are certainly to be commended for the exemplary punishment they inflicted on the offender. It was not a bit too severe. The swindle arose out of a hack race, a class of racing-Heaven save the mark-we can hardly conceive any recog nised club encouraging. From an advertisement in another colamn it will be observed that nominations for the Geelong Racing Club's Sires' Prodnce Stakes of 18S5 will be. received at the offices of the V.R.C , Melbourne, and G.R.C., Geelong, on or before Monday, June 4. The following are the sires included :-Epigram, Iriah King, Tim Whiflier, Countryman, Proto-Martyr, Vasco di Gama, Angler, Tubal Cain, Qaam bone, King of the Ring, First King, Argus Scandal, and King Cole. The Geelong Racing -GtatuEoal Stakes of 1886 is also announced. Nominationsevents may be named and described free of entry on the above date. The Foal Stakes is for the prodnce of all mares, and nominators can withdraw any time in December previous t6 th6 meeting, on payment of a sovereign. Sir Thomas Elder's annual sale at Morphet ville is duly announced, numbering in all 14 thoroughbreds and five trotters. Included in the list are also five thoroughbreds belonging to the stud of the late Mr. J. Baker. The sale is on Friday, May 25. The full list will be found in our advertising columns, and suffice it to say that the majority of the Morphetville lots claim Gang Forward for .ire, fromZsnobia, Adeliza, Haidee, Hippona, Jarto, Parachute, Romula, Promise, Etta, and Typhoon. The Stag, a well-known steeplechaser, has for some time been located at Dowling Forest, in the stable of Mr. T. Wilson. - Prattle, by Buckingham-Dolly Varden, has joined Mr. R Seviora string. The many friends of Mrs. Mitchell, the genial and obliging hostess of the Racecourse Hotel, Flemington, will be sorry to hear Bhe has been suffering from a severe illness. Griffiths, of Albury, is now at the Race course Hotel, Flemington, with a team of four horses, viz., Tiptoe, by Snowdeq, aged ; Sceptic, by Infiael, 3 yrs.; Omadhaun, by Bonny Carlisle, 3 yrs.; and Pasha, for merly known as Mamelnke. Complaints are being made by trainers about the dirty state of the scraping sheds at Flemington. When a horse moves he creates a cloud of dust If the ranger will thoroughly -clean the sheds, and throw down a few loads of tan, there will be nothing to grumble about. The excavations for the new stand at Flemington are progressing satisfactorily. The permanent fence at the rear will Boon be completed; and, with favourable weather, there onght not to be much delay in laying the walls. Wee Jim, Biz years, who ia well known in Melbourne sporting circles, was the winner of the Wilcannia Handicap, of 200 bovb , with a sweep of 8 so vs. added, beating four other*, one of them Miss Angler, last year's winner. Wee Jim carried 9it. over the two miles in 3n. 51a. John Perkins, who for some years, up to last week, was stud groom to Mr. Phillips, at Bryan O'Lynn, has commenced business as public trainer. He has taken stables at Moonee Ponds. His former employer etartB him with a quartette of yearlings by New minster, viz., a colt from Commotion's dam, a filly from Adelaide, a colt from Arcanium (imported), and a colt from Pattie. Mr. Phillips also Bends a two . year . old colt, Villiers, by Purnim-Teresa, and another by Aphany-Arcanium. F. Leng made arrangements with Mr. M. Bryant during the week to take charge of two of hi* yearlings. They are colts, both by Tim Whiffler, from Pattie and Cantata. Leng has now also in work The Ghost. Cavalier, Rory (2 years, by Irish King-Timidity), a yearling colt by Julian Avenel-Princess, and two or three others, so that his string will soon assume decent proportions. From a Sydney paper we observe that at the Hay police court William Roberts and John Stewart were committed for trial for maliciously wounding the racehorse Terminus. On Thursday and Friday last week, at the Laohlan meeting, a horse of the same name ran a dead heat for third place in the Hill ston Handicap, and won the Queen's Plate and Rain Raoe Handicap! On Wednesday last the delinquents were put upon their trial, and Roberts was sentenced to eight yean' imprisonment, whilst Stewart, the actual offender, got off with two years and a half. At the Clarence River Jockey Club meet ing, fixed for the 12th and the 13th Jnly, there are 18 nominators in this Derby Stakes. The imported horses, Reugny and Captivator, not to omit Excelsior, will be represented. There are 13 entries in the Mares', and 16 in the Sires' Produce Stakes. The following horses will, in all probablity, be sent to Sydney for the Queen's Birthday meetingAllander, Josephine, Anglesey, The Joker, and Tiehbome. The Flemington correspondent of The Am (raiaaian reports: -The fine rain that fell on Monday will prove a great boon to trainers, lot the track, with auoh along continuance of drying north winds, was becoming some what hard, and hones undergoing a prepara tion for the Queen's Birthday meetings were compelled to have recourse to the tan. Being on the ground at peep o' day on Tuesday, I saw Prestmch treating The Joker and Anglesey to some nice htlf-naoe work right handed lor a conple of rounds on the outer track, which was a shade heavy going. Tichbourne, The Nymph, and Basilisk, who are doicg cantering work, looked*well, and a yearling colt was indulged. Morrison had. Allander on the tan, but he only cantered, theoolt doing good j work in the afternoon. Five of Morrison's j yearlings wen exeroising later-during the morning. Othello, brcwher to Prodigal, C&Uer; On, and HU1 Talk were" exetoWuiR, Obadiah is being pot into wprk, and Maori, who won a hurdle raoe at the late Waxmam bool Meeting, has joined the string. Commo tion is enjoying a. well-ifcerited fepell ofrest, whioh benefits hlmvery much, for be lias fresh as a two- yeir>old. There -wer« a number of horsee dotaslow wom.darisr the morning. Mr, F, Basin was givinc Santa Qiaos and the 4wa HnghendeE colts long, slow exercise, these jtoflnjwtwa showing im mm aubitenot, fi$t with time thtr should ripen into good hones. Mr. M'Kenna had Essex on the truck. This colt is improving, and hM grown a desl since his Bojoum at Fleminrton. Merer Maid is looking big and welt and Qaeen Mary appeared fresh and gay. Coffer's string were exercising. Hubbub has thickened np ? good deal Shamrock, Kathleen Mavoumeen, Napoleon, and Premier, the steeplechase horses, looked in working order. A. Davies sent Josephine along for useful work. The grey mare begins to exhibit a bit of form. Omelette, Nepean, Miles, Liddington,' and yearlings were cantering. Griffiths waf giving hie team exercise, and Mr. Whitty had John Peel and Peter (engaged in the steeplechase on the Hunt Club da?) doing work. Mr. A. Salman sent Wizard good steady exercise, whilst black Diamond, in company with Hyllus and Whisper, cantered. Jellett was working (Oatnbler, Murruoabong, and a big horse that goes nicely; and Boat man and 8tarlight I noticed cantered. Cripps had Sqnireen and several o liera on the ground. The colt by King of the Ring Sunshine was doing useful work, as also Drumstick. H. Yeend and W. Lang worked their respective teams. Mr. Langley gave Mary a useful canter. ! From Canlfield our correspondent writes. There ate several horses working at CaulBeld.' Phil Hey wood has Welcome Jack, who com*! mencea to look like coming into form; also, Chucketer and Calma, the latter of whom* has grown and thickened, and promises to' p&y; for his oats some day, and to show that' his victory in the V.R.G. Mates' Produce, Stakes was not the fluke some judges think, it waB. Sir Charles iB fast improving, Mia will in all likelihood keep up the family! prestige, by shortly winning a race for hi{ owner. The Mandragora colt and St. Law rence are cantering. The grey filly Daenng, is being eased for a rest. Waterloo is just., being put into work. This son of Epigram and Wheatsheaf has not been so successful as his good blood indicated when Mr. Wal lace purchased him; but the horse is looking healthy and wnijuatuo^. JQon Quixote is also in the stable, and will probably figure for some of the good things during the winter monthB. T. Jones has Amelia Vic*' toria. Queen Elizabeth, a two-year-old filly by Emulation, a yearling (sister to Queen Elisabeth), and Goldfinder, all doing work. Liberator and Pollio are both having a spell. Sylvanua, who occupies a box in Jones's establishment during the Adelaide meeting, is indulging in cantering work. Mr. Daffett's string conBists of Tumult, Norfolk (who is improving the eight way), Cteaar, and two or three others in exercise. Dan Robinson has King Charles, Haideeof the Hills, and a nice-looking yearling from Flenr-de-Lis in work. Mr. H. Connelly has a strong team of horses under his tuition. To begin with Mr. Pearson's colt by Julian Avenel-Margery Daw, I believe he is to be named Jaokdaw, which seems an appropriate name. There is a Day yearling colt by Mullyan-Needle ; a bay colt, Prince Regent, by King of the Ring-Calliope; Zephyr, Wahgunyah, Toorak, Chevy Chase.Cassiopeia, Her Majesty, Cjomete, Connoisseur. With such a string, some of the little pickings during the winter months should fall to the stable. Mameluke and King of Ciuba occupy boxes in the same establishment. New Zealand owners and trainers ot horses will notice an important addition to the advertisements of the V R C. spring, New Year's Day, and antnmn meetings. For the Melbourne Cap and other events entries can be made with the secretary of the Can terbury Jockey Club, Christchurch, New Zealand. This is a noteworthy extension of the premier racing club's operations. R. WilkitiB, who some years ago was with Mr. R. Mitchell (of the Racecourse Hotel), Mr. S. G. Cook, and Mr. R. Howie, is ovei from India, where he has been occupied in training for an Oriental potentate. He is on the look-out for a good hwse or two, and, further, has engaged a light-weight jockey for Indian racing. Springfield, winner of a few races up country, has joined Jellett's team at Fleming ton. Paradox, the dam of Dirk Hatteraick, is the property of Dr. Bathe, who leased her to Mr. Smith for breeding purposes. Her sire (Colsterdale Phantom, by Coleterdale) was bred by Sir Tatton Sykes. On arriving in Victoria his name was changed to Sledmere. The next meeting in connexion with the Victoria Amateur Turf Club takes place on Saturday, June 30. There are five events advertised, viz -A Selling Race, of 50 sovs.; a Hurdle Race, of 75 sovs.; the Victoria Gold Cup Steeplechase, value 100 sovs,; die Ladies' Trophy, for a diamond bracelet, value 130 guineas, and a Steeplechase, of 100 sova. The riders in the Gold Cap must be member! or hoa. members of the club, and the horses in the ladies' trophy are nominated by the fair sex. Further particulars at an early date. Daring the late Warrnambool meeting Mb George Glasscock bought a very useful dark bay colt, by Terror (a son of Panic) from Minnie Warren, by Sotterley (imported). The colt is full of substance, size, and quality, and promises to make a firat-claaa horse over big timber. Kathleen Mavourneen has been struck out of the Sydney Birthday Cup. The programme for the winter meeting ot the Bendigo Jockey Clabon Wednesday, J one 20, has been issued by Mr. EL Roberts, the secretary. The principal item is the Steeple- : chase, to which 100 sovs. is added. The Hurdle Race has a bonus of 70 sovs, and there is a Flat Race and another Hurdle Race, with 60 sovs. and 40 sovs. added. By way of variety, too, a Time Handicap Trot is provided. I i The Victorian Trotting dub are making another bid for popularity, and we trust their enterprise will command a liberal response. The latest idea is an Australian Sires Pro duce Stakes, being a sweepstakes of 25 sovs.1 each from aires, with 5 sovs. each from all foals the produce of the said sirei, got in the season of 1883. The event is to be trotted for at the spring meeting of the V.T.C. in1 1887; mile mats, best two tn three. Mean*; while Bites are to be named on the 1st of June ensuing; and foals named ana described on the 1st of August 1885. Mr. Gibney will, receive the entries on the dates mentioned. , The thoroughbred site Hugheadeo. far King, Tom-Maybloom, and bred ny Baron RotluH child la 1871, is advertised for private sale by, Mr. J. G. Doogharty. Hoghendea is own': brother to Corieande, winner of tfaepesaeey wjtoh. Coronation Stakes, and Grand Duke, Michael Stakes in thesame year ashe was; fbaled; alio to Sidonia, who guineas as a yearling. Dizzy, Hoghendea, won three races Id the last Warrnambool meeting. likewise for Bide seven yearli olds, by Sugbendentroaa by Blair Athol, Lacy ass, 1 Ladykirk. ... Asoot. who ran a dead beat manbyfor the late Dubbo Jw cap, with the j and 7a& Slh.,j the Qoeen'a: BjdtwTIS ntghthe i Brtvioui to Dubhd, fiato m Wellington. bIio engaged in tbe Birthday Cap. Boniface and Gloucester are quoted at 10 to 1 offered, and there are signs of Cunuamulla coming shortly. Hawthornden was most fancied for the Royal Stakes at 100 to 12, whilst 1,000 to LOO was booked about Morceau. The Moulamein races were held on the 1st inst. Torpedo wom the Maiden Plate, Rob Roy being second, and Prima Dontm third. Tbe Handicap fell to Yarree, who was followed home by Brigand (late Native) and Glencoe. Yarree also won tbe District Race from Rob Roy and Sporran ; whilst Brigand was successful in tbe Hurdle Race, Mariner and Darkie being placed. The Consolation and Harry Scarry Handicaps were respectively won by Prima Donna and Little John. Mr, RobitiBonj secretary of the Geelone Turf Club, informs u6 that it is proposed to hold their winter meeting on tbe first Satur Siy in August, eo ae to be a fortnight ear of the V.R C. meeting. The entries w ' accordingly be taken ten dayB.before the Fl^mington meeting, and tbe handicaps ap portioned immediately afterwards. This is an arrangement that can scarcely fail to give satisfaction to all concerned, and a pleasant afternoon's racing ought to be provided on the banks of the Bar won. Another colonial racing man has made his mark on tbe English tarf, viz., Mr. G. G. Stead, of New Zealand. Per cablegram we bear that Splendor won the clastic Payne Stakes at Newmarket on Thareday last The race is for three year olds, at 15 eovs. each, with 500 eovs. added, and there were 120 sub scribers, so t e stake would amount to a good round earn. Splendor is by Speculum Bathilde, and as a two year old ran unplaced in the Middle-park Plate, whilst he was third in the Cheveley Stakes. He iB engaged in tbe Epsom Derby, run on Wednesday, tbe 23rd inst., the Grand Prize of Paris, and Don caster St. Leger. Racing and coursing men will be interested to bear th&t; Mr. William Leonard is shortly leaving Australia on a trip to the old country. On WcdScEisyTsst Sir Modred, the pro perty of Mr. Prouofoot, was shipped from Wellington, N.Z , for Sydney. The committee of the Australian Jockey Club have called upon Messrs. J. Ill' Te and Coffey to appear before them to answer a charge brought egainst them referring to the Hopeless-Hubbub case. The following Victorian horses are left in the Sydney Royal Stakes and Queen's Birth day Cup\Ve#tbnry, Ewi, and tbe St Albans representatives, Off Colour, Athena, and Merman. The Hon. Henry Cuthbert and Mr. A M. Greenfield were elected trnatees of the Dow ling Forest racecourse at tbe annnal meeting of the BailoraX Turf Club. Messrs. Norman Wilson, George Raseell, J. T. Sleep, and A. M. Greenfield were also elected on the com mittee, Messrs. Martin Loughlin, A Chirn Bide, and R Wynne retiring. Mr. F. Woodhouse, the well-known colonial artist, has recently completed a speaking picture of The Assyrian, with R Batty in the pigskin, wearing the colours of Mr. Aguew. 