Laying the Corner-Stone of St. Luke's Church, Scone. (From our own reporter.) On Thursday, St. Luke's Day, special services were conducted in the temporary church of St. Luke, at Scone, and afterwards tbe ceremony of laying the corner stone of St. Luke's new church was performed by Mrs Thomas Cook, of Turanville. There was a large congregation at the service, and a great assemblage of the people of the town and surrounding district at the site of the church, Besides the incumbent of Bt. Luke's, the Rev. A. C. Thomas, there were the following clergymen present: The Rev. Canon White, Rural Dean, of Mus- wellbrook; the Rev. John Shaw, B.A., of Merriwa; the Bsv: B, E, Shaw, B.A,, of Singleton; the Rev. W. Marshall, of Murrurundi j the Rev. A. A. Maclaren, of St. Paul's, West Maitland ; the Rev. C. M. Mills, of Denman ; and the Rev. W. J. K. Pid- dington, of Tamworth, in the diocsse of Grafton and Armidale. The temporary church was decked with flowers and boughs in honor of the occasion, Service opened with the hymn 156, " How beauteous are Thy feet " The Rev. A, C, Thomas read the evenine service, the lessons being I Kings viii, 6-20, and Heb. x, 19-26, read severally by the Rev. Canon W.hite and the Rev. John Shaw. Proper Psalms for the day were Ps. 84 Quant dilecta, and Ps. 122, Lcstatus sum. The byam before sermon was 438, " Ths Church'* one founda- tion." The Bishop of the diocese preached the sermon, taking as bia text John ii, 17-"And his disciples remembered that it was written, The zeal of thine house hath eaten me up." His Lordship said that the view of a certain popular writer against the Christian faith was that Our Blessed Lord is all pro- bability hated every pillar and stone in the temple, and despised even the Holy of Holies. This writer represented Christ as opposed to the Old Testament, and as proposing rather to destroy than to tulfil the law. But such an opinion could not remain long in the mind of a careful and candid reader of the life of Cnritt. Christ brought into the world views far in advance of that old time : just as the noonday is brighter than the dawn, end the blown flower fuller than the bud, so was Christ's teaching a divine development of the earlier teaching. Christ carne not to destroy, but to fulfil the law, by raising men's thoughts about God, and helping them to see more clearly the life that rules above. It was quite fitting in with His plan of teaching that Be, the Holy One, should point out the abuses which had gathered round holy places and holy things. The gold would shine more brightly for its separation from the dross, the plant grow more strongly if stripped of weeds, the temple would tell its story more clearly and in a nobler way if cleansed and puriSed from the foul growths of selfishness and worldliness which hid its teachings trom the world around, Jesus was a reformer of the trueBt kind, because he emphatically demanded reverence for holy things. Twice he cleansed the temple : first when be expelled the money changers. This bringing of the world into the Church was emphatically condemned by tbe Head of the Church. He scourged the deniers of the sacred ground, ex- pressing his indignation thus " Make not my Father's House a bouse of merchandize." This overwhelming reverence for his Father's bouse recalled to the dis- ciples' mind the saying " The zeal of thine house bath eaten me up." And why did this crowd of men allow this young reformer to assail them and destroy their property F The explanation was that sin is weakness. Vice cannot stand betöre virtue's up-lifted arm. The grovelling usurers felt the Saviour was right. Cbriat waa alwayB right, and if we would be right, we mast follow Him. The people that day had been called together to under- take a work in connexion with that parish, and these were some of the thoughts which were sug- gested. First, the house to be built in God's-acre would be a houBe of the Lord. Like' the temple of old, it was not for man but for man's Maker, and therefore in the highest sense for man himself indirectly. Those who took a share in building the church acknowledged that they stood in a certain relation to God. In old times this relation was expressed in various ways. There was one-" O come, let us worship and bow down, and kneel before the Lord our Maker, for we are the people of his pasture and the sheep of his hand." What was to be impressed on the minds of those who acknow- ledged this mutual relationship between God and themselves was that duty to God is a part of mor- ality. No man is truly moral who neglects that duty. Was it not absurd to describe a man as just, but not moral, A man was not moral who was dishonest to his creditors, though he might be kind in his family relations. True morality necessarily embraces observance of our duty to God, who made us. That man is not a moral man, if among the daily habits and actions which go to make up his life, there were found neither prayer nor praise. A man, with no zeal beyond zeal for .his own success and comfort in the world, is in no sense a mor^l man. One duty can- not be made a substitute for another. IE there be a God, our Father and Friend, then we owe him our duty, and must discharge the debt. The house of God which they were raising among the houses of men, should remind them that they belonged to the kingdom of Heaven, and owed allegiance and obe- dience to its Great Eternal King. Secondly, in ac- knowledging the temple as His Father's house, Christ, who taught that God must be worshipped in spirit and in trutb, sanctioned the setting apart of places as holy to the Lord. It was fashionable to epeak lightly of places of worship. Worship, it was said, need not be Confined to such places : it may be offered in the temple of nature. But a little knowledge of human nature shows that we need all the helps to worship that place, and time,,and union which our brethren can possibly afford us. Wor- shippers in the temple of nature did not keep alive the best thoughts or the best feelings of worship those which urge us to worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness. Thirdly take to heart the mo- tives the disciples attributed to our Lord-the zeal of his Father's House, Zeal such as that was needed in all Christian work, begun, continued, and ended. It was needed in relation to these material structures for worship. It was high time that the people of the colony, now in many cases so rich and rapidly advancing to greater wealth, should be aBhamed of many buildings wbicb they seemed to think quite good enough for churches. One-tenth of a single year's income of tbe colony would build many cathedrals. They should be thoughtful there- fore about the matter. There had been good seasons, bat good seasons and meagre churches did not har- monise together at all. The rule should be to do what they could, each in his position to emulate the zeal of ChriBt: That was a high standard. Let them try to reach it. Let their prayer be "Stir up, we beseech tbee, the wills of tby faithful people." After the hymn, 209, " Put thou thy trust in God" had been sung, a procession was formed consisting of the Oddfellows and the clergy whom we have named, and the Bishop, to the site of the church, where, as has beensaid,alBrgenumb8rofpeoplehadassembled. : A harmonium had been brought, and the church | choir and assembly sang hymn 145, "ThiB stone to < thee in faith we lay," The Bishop pronounced two collects, and then Mr. J. W. Pender, the architect of the church, addressing Mrs. Cook, said he had been requested by the committee to ask her acceptance of a silver trowel and myall wood nullet,that she might lay the stone of that church, and be truBted she would be long spared to take part in and enjoy the worship of God within its walls. The stone was duly placed in position after a bottle had been deposited in a chamber expressly chiselled out for it. The bottle contained two newspapers and a parchment bearing the following inscription : SANCTI . LVOAE . AD- MDCCCLXXXIII MANIBVS . PVLCHRIS . CARLOTTAJ5 . COOK DOMINAE -PRAESTANTISSIMAE -VXOEI8 DILECTAE TH05IAE . COOK . TVRANVILLENSIS LAPIS . HA8 . LITERAS . CIRCVBCINGENS DEPÓSITOS . EST REGINA . VICTORIA ARCH . CANTVAR ? AVGVSTISS . HEVEREND1SSI MOQVE . E " BENSON . D-D COL . PROC . EXCELLENTE . HONOR ABILISSIMOQVE AVGVSTO . LOFTVB . DOMINO EPISCOPO . REVERENDISSIMO ? I . B . PEARSON LEGTJ&I; ? DOC- D-D PRESBYTERO . A . C . THOMAS . LIT IN STN . PAROCH . BEPRESENTANTIBVS . HON . I. P . ABBOTT . ET . I . H . DOYLE ECCLESIAE . CVSTODIBVS . I, H : DOYLE ? F ? PABBVRY . ET . N . F . ASSER AECHITECTO . I . G. PENDER AEDIFICATORE . M . PARKHILL LAVS DEO. The Kev. A. C, THOMAS read and translated the inscription, and said it was usual also to put coins in the bottle, but it had been thought better to keep them for the plate. The stone having been adjusted, Mrs. Cook said : I hereby lay this stone in the faith of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son and I Holy Ghost, and in memory of the example of the I Evangelist St. Luke. (Bear, hear). Mr. N. F. ABSEB, treasurer oE the church, then, at the request of the Bishop, plaoed a plate on the stone, and a collection was made. A sum of £186 was subscribed, and promises of an additional £29 were made, conditional on seats ia the church being declared free and unappropriated. A prayer being said by the Bishop, and Hymn 146, " Lord oE Hosts, to Thee we rai«," having been sung, his Lordship eaid three of the clergymen pre- sent had been asked to say a few words. Ha would call upon the Rev. A. C. Taomas. Mr. THOMAS thanked his brethren and all present for tbeir assistance th»t day. Thst was not the first occasion on which a similar ceremony had been per- formed on that site. Thure w»s no record of that earlier ceremony, however, and the oldest inhabi- tants could tell him nothing about it. But it was on record that ,-the first Bishop oE Australia came to Scone to consecrate the church yard, and that the church wss then ready for opening. The Bishop WAS accompanied on his visit by the Rev. Mr. Morse, the chaplain of the district. Efery hut in the village of Scone sent »epresentativcä to the consecration of the churchyard, but next day, when the church' was opened, not a single person came from the village, and only a few from the neighbourhood. Thus the soil ot Scone was clearly virgin soil. It bad been well worked since. First of all by the first incumbent-or chaplain, Mr. Morse-who for ten years laboured there, ex- tending hiB journeys far beyond that parish, including Murrurundi on one side and over imto Liverpool Plains. For ten years Mr. Morse had laboured, end was still held in affectionate memory. To him succeeded the Venerable Archdeacon oE Newcastle, whose absence that day he regretted. Archdeacon Child laboured for seven- teen years and a halt, having at first at all events a parish as large as that of his predecessor. He was also remembered most kindly by the people. The Rev. John Shaw succeeded Archdeacon Child, As Mr. Shaw was present be could not say much Bbout him. They knew how eager they all were to know whether Mr. Shaw was to be present on that occa- sion, they knew his lore for children, his affectionate sympathy with all of them. For eight years and a half Mr. Shaw worked among them. One had planted, others had watered, and God had given the increase. That goodly gathering showed the interest taken by the community in that re- ligious ceremony. Mr, Shaw initiated the movement for building a new church, Eight years ago a meeting was held under the presidency of the late Bishop. Such interest was manifested that subscriptions were promised in tbe room to the extent of £151)0or £1600. They knew what happened then. The district was visited with a drought that lasted for seven years. That drought topk out of the hands oE the subscribers the power to keep their engagements. Flocks and herds were seriously diminished. It was thought advisable therefore to bold their hands in the matter of building a new Church, At last prosperity seemed about to return-and he (Mr. Thomas) was urged to go on with the move- ment. A second meeting was held. Some of the old subscribers were present, and one who was not there, but had gone to England for the sake of his health, had been so thoughtful for Scone thathe added a codicil to his will, putting bis subscription in the form of a legacy. Not so large a sum as before sub- scribed, but still sufficient to go on with. At first it was thought the old church might be enlarged. It was endeared to many ot the parishioners by associations, Many had been baptised in it, many had been married from it. But the oldest inhabitants said -"Have nothing to do with the foundations." Fortunately they took that advice. It was decided to erect an entirely new structure, and Mr. Pender was unanimously" chosen as architect. He submitted sketches and designs, and to show how carefully the matter was gone into, it might be mentioned that no less than four designs were asked tor. The fourth WOB approved, and then came the question of funds. He should never for- get the mournful faces that some of the people wore at the meeting, But they brightened con- siderably when -one of the principal sub- scribers, whose speech he would commend na a model of brief and effective eloquence said, "Gentlemen, I wish-gentlemen, I wish gentlemen, I wish this church to be built, and I will double my subscription." Then the faces brightened up. The project WAS gone on with, working plans were prepared, and tenders were invited. The first batch waB rejected, as they were all far in excess of the architect's estimate. Then a moderate one came, with two or .three others, and that of Mr. Parkhill was accepted, being something near the architect's estimate. The character as a contractor which Mr. Parkhill bore in Newcastle was a guarantee that the work would be properly carried out. He bad spoken of the past-might he attempt to lift the veil of the future ? He believed that in course of time that new church would be too small for the worship- pers, as the old church had proved too small, and that it would in turn give place to a nobler fane-a structure in harmony with the growth of the com- munity and suitable for administration to the spiritual wants of the population of a populous and noble city, To return to stern reality, which was pressing enough to make them serious, if not downcast. They had available at present, including the legacy referred to, and subscriptions, £2200. Tbe legacy had not been paid, but would in all probability be available out of the ensuing clip of the St. Aubin's wool. Most of the larger subscriptions had been paid in. They were in no financial difficulty, because two parishioners had become responsible to the bank for an overdraft. But though they had £2200, the church from first to last, till it was seated and the ground fenced, would cost £4000. That was a consideration to make them serious if not downcast, and be hoped that day's collection would add materially to the sum in hand. The contract ought to be completed in twelve months from the date of acceptance of the tender. That would be about next June. There may be*delays and difficulties, but the work was proceeding now as speedily as possible. He boped to meet all present and many more in the finished church at the opening ceremony; and he also boped, if the parish were divided, and he was set free from some work, that a daily morning service would rise to heaven from the precincts of the church as a 8W6et-smelling savour to the Almighty. The Rev. JOHN SHAW said that was a very happy day to him and to them, and to their excellent clergyman who had spoken so generously about matters connected with that cburcb. It was also a happy day to that highly esteemed lady who so gracefully laid the corner stone, and he was sure it WHS a happy day to their dear bishop, That was the kind of thing that showed that work was going on, and that things were moving. AB he came along the Wybong road the day before, he was delighted to note that the aspect of the country in 1883 resembled the aspect in 1870. It bad not looked as it now appeared certainly since 1872. That was a matter for thankfulness to God. It was the same dear old Scone, that Scone so full of loving hearts, where a man might be proud to serve his Maker and his Saviour. That church waB a missing link. It would be the closing up of a gap in a chain oi churches. There was a fine church at Murrurundi, a beautiful church at Muswellbrook, there would be a fine church there. All down the railway line, the Bishop and people of the diocese would be able to see beautiful churches. At Murrurundi, Scone, Muswellbrook, Singleton-where he was glad to say the church was too small-at Branxton, at West Maitland, at East Maitland where there was going to be a fine new church,-and then the last link, the cathedral, the conclusion of the chain of churches along the railway line in the diocese of Newcastle. A great deal could be said, about the uses of a church. In the first place, the erection of the church showed they were anxious to have a centre of common interest. He knew Scone well, and he concratulated Mr. Thomas on the fact that there were congregated there representatives of the palatial mansion and men from the cedar brushes that were to be found in the range yonder-farmers, selectors, gentry, all come in love and unity to gather round their clergy- men and in good will to that cause. He was glad to see a church going up, because it puts a place under the wing of God. When a beautiful church rose up in the midst of houses in the village around it, it seemed to him that that village is put underneath the shelter of God. Since he was living in Scone several excellent new buildings had been put up. There was the courthouse, though he did notsuppoBe they wanted to make much acquantance with that, but that church was the best building of all. It gave a charm to the country around. How well be recollected the village bells on a Sunday morning, bow tbey rang out from tbe church, as the people carne along the pleasant pathways and across the meadows. A church is an effective social tie, a sign of grateful affection to God, an education for eternity ; it gives an impetus to religion, it is the home of the soul. There men get spiritual food, and drink of the well of the water of life; there ' they rest, in the weary vale oi their pilgrimage, and repose beside pleasant fountains, Another reason why he was glad to sea a church going up was that it showed they wer« walking in the old paths, that they accepted the old plan oE salvation ; that they remained in the old army. What could they want more than that spiritual tood they get in that church reared amongst them. Not a perishable thing, not tho fleeting temple oE a day, but that church would risB and ita spire point them to eternity, and its solid wall remind' of the beauty of steadfastness and aolidity in the Christian character. He had often when travelling at night felt that if the ekv was clear and bright, then all was clear below. And he thought, i£ their pathway in the sky were clear, they would find their road below clear also. Now they had laid the stone of that church, and be said let them be loyal servants of God and ot their Siviour, and make Jsaus Chiist himself their chief corner-stone. The Rev. Canon WHITE said it was indeed interest« ing to him to be present at such a ceremony as that His earliest associations were connected with a church in 8cone. Forty years ago, he received his first lessons of the beautitul English church service from the Rev, Mr. Morse. At Scone was placed the mother church of the district-Scone was the centre. The district included Muswellbrook one way and Murrurundi another-westward it was without limit. He could well remember how Mr. Morse journeyed round-he could even remem- ber bis horse. He remembered attending his first service in the old courthouse, which had been used as a church. The memory of those first lessons had never been effaced. No doubt some of the older poeple present remembered the good old man Mr. Morse. He would ask the younger people to reflect that the lessons they learned in youth were the best lessons, and the most valuable. The holy lessons of childhood were those which would stand by them, Church should be looked to as the centre oE all as-' sociations. There they would receive lessons that would remain with them all their lives long, He congratulated them all, bishop, clergy Bnd people upon the auspicious event of that day. That waa* the first church corner-stone of which had been laid since the bishop came to the diocese, and naturally it would be a memorable event in his history, He congratulated them upon that good work. He thought Mr. Thomas took too gloomy a view of the matter, He had some experience in church building; some years ago he undertook a great work, not know- ing what he undertook. iThe committee sent to Eng-' land for plans, and expected to spend £3000. They did spend £12,000. They had paid the debt. They acted in faith, and he believed if people did so, if they entered into any good work which was intended by God to be done, they would be helped to do it, It they went on manfully, means would be found for doing all that God willed tbetn to do. They had heard of noble gifts, butin God's sight all Bums were equally valuable, if the proper motive accompanied them. He hoped the example set by leading men would be followed by all, and that the people would give liberally according to their means. It was a privilege, they should remember, to give to such a work. Giving in a cause like that earned a blessing. Others were blessed by it, but the giver would receive the greater blessing. He would ask them therefore to look forward hopefully, and he btlieved that when the church was finished money would be found to ornament it and make it a beautiful church. At Murrurundi the church bad been be ratified ; and Scone people, seeing what had been there, would be spurred to emulation, and similar adornment would be resorted to Mt Scone. He heartily congratulated them on the event of the day and thanked God he waB able to be present. He trusted they would all be spared to come together and celebrate in it the opening service. And, in conclusion, he said he boped that stone, cut so carefully and adjusted so truly, might remind them that tbeyjshould be lively stones in the spiritual edifice, and that as it had been pat in its place, so they must see that they fit. in their places, working with one another, sup- porting one another, doing the common work of their Master, and striving as they worshipped their Lord and Siviour Jesus Christ within those walls, to prepare themselves more and more for the higher worship of his temple above. The BISHOP said it was bia duty to bring that service to a close. Others hud spoken fully about | the church work : he would like to say a word about an element of the congregation. He was right glad to see in the procession tha local representatives of. the Oddfellows. He would not thank them lor coming, for that would insult tbsm : they w=>re in their proper place in the procession. He hoped that day's service would impress upon the minds of all, young and old, the importance of the church es the great friendly society, and that the worship and teaching to be held within its walls would be con- ducive to the spread of Christian love and kindly neighbourly feeling all around. The spread of such dispositions should be the the result of the preaching of the Gospel, and the best preparation for the eternal kingdom of love. Ha was therefore glad to see the Oddfellows come in their representative way. He hoped they would be induced to bring their wives families with them when the church was finished. He would just like to say too, that he hoped when the church was finished they would be able to open it as free and unappropriated, with the words over the portal " Welcome to all. There was one advantage in building a new church, that they got rid of prejudices and old associations. The old ladies and gentlemen who had occupied pews for thirty years could not say, " I have sat in the Barns seat all that time," for the pews would be gone.- They should therefore be able to make the house of God the home oE all who would come within its doors. Before long tbey would have that building ready for occupation. Before they had left that temporary church which had been so well filled that day, he hoped they would take up the fragments of Christian teaching and worship that might be held there, so that nothing be loBt, and then be able to come to their new free and open church feeling happy in the assurance that God's blessing would rest upon them. The proceedings closed, when the Bishop pro- nounced the Benediction, but the Sunday School children and others were afterwards regaled at an impromptu feast. The new church is to be erected on the site of the old building. It will be of brick on a stone basecourse and concrete foundation, with stone dressings to the buttresses, and slated roof. The design is modern Gothic and includes a tower with spire 71 feet high, which will be covered with muntz metal and surmounted with a cross. The window heads will be in white brick, the window frames of stone, the rest of the building in red brick. The whole length of the church will be 88 feet ; of the nave in the inside 60 feet with a widtb of 25 feet 6 inches. The chancel will measure 16 feet by 23 feet 6 inches, and the vestry at the side 15 feet by 12 feet. The church walls will be 19 fest high to the wall plates, and the roof will be open and timbered. There will be five windows on the south side, and three on the north side, that on which the tower is, and a large window in the chancel. Provision is made for ample ventilation, and the church, both inside and outside, promises to be cheerful, bright, and substantial, and such an edifies as will do credit at once to the architect, the builder, and the people of Scone. 