COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. ANGIiO-AtrSTRALIAN p&ess; agekcy. QENZKAL NEWS. Melbourne, Jnly 20. Geo. Hooper and Jemima Geoxgina Garter have been arrested on the charge of unlaw folly conspiring liy fraudulent means to de ceive the Rev. Archibald Gilchrist, Presby terian minister, by giving false names, and by signing them in the marriage register. A warrant is also out against Carter, who is expected to be arrested to night. It will be remembered that Mrs Garter, when under examination at the Insolvency Court, admit ted she was the widow of one VanderhoS her maiden name being Lavima Hawkes, but she gave the name of Bnssell, and Hooper represented himself as her brother, John He will be brought np at the City Court to-morrow. For tbe Waterloo Cap, Bhodanthe beat Shrewd Giri, and won. In the Plate, Gas beat Proserpine, and won. For the Parse, Sam beat Werribee Shadow, and won. The Steam Navigation Board held an inquiry into the wreck of the " Blackboy." They found the occurrence purely accidental, and exonerated the master. As regards the grounding of tbe " Williams, "the master was « also exonerated. In the case of the "Jules Marie," the. Pilot Board suspended Captain Roddis' certificate for one month. Ch&s.; Bobin&on;, in the employ of the , Omnibus Company, was charged at the City Court with stealing £4 10s from the Com pany. : He was remanded until Wednesday, and has admitted taking £150. Rebecca Anderson, aged 20 years, whilst boiling jelly, slipped and fell into the boiling, liquid, when extricated it was fonnd she was severely .scalded abont the body, and suffer ing seriously from the shock, she lies in a ray critical condition, and but slight hopes cf her recovery are entertained. Fred. MThtosh/a well-known footballer, was cbareed with assault and robbery, he was going borne early this morning when he snatched amnff from a woman. Hie evidence showed no intention of robbery, it being merely done foralark; he was fined 40s or 14dsy& . Tbe. moos- are. exciting a great deal of attention; but with no betting, owing to the 'absence of bookmakers. Atthecounangmeet- ilng. ProBpect and Australian Court are ' fetih hot favorites. Tbe Herald tips for the 1 7 SEUaiaftK ftker, tadorfindOntario. For the Maiden Steeplechase, Glenara and Hope. For the Grand National Hurdles, Loth air, Prospect Sparks. For the Grand National Steeplechase, "V writer, Chrysalis and Sailor. For the Selling Hurdles, Mu&idora.; For the Flat Race, Contessina, Bonnie Bee, and The Ghost. The latest BcratchlngB are : — Crniser, Lo- tbair, Glenara, Simpleton, Euchre, Barilisk,' Taxaraxacmn. Hnrdles — Barwon, Joker, Bazza. Flat Race — Othello, Attache, Farmer, Sqnireeeu. Maiden Steeplechase — Lothair, Katanga, Devifehoof, Songster. Maiden Hurdles — Parade. At the Daylesford Court, in the case of Simpson v. Simpson, charged with wife desertion, the Bench made an order for payment of 8b per week for 12 months. The Victoria Insurance Company declare an amount available for distribution of £15,431, out of which a dividend of 124 P®r cent. Is declared, and £10,431 carried for ward. A young woman named Alice Demi op took a dose of strychnine, and is now in the Hospital. It is not known whether the oc currence was accidental or otherwise. A fire occurred at ten o'clock last night in tbe Public Buildings. The damage done is valued at £10, but had not the fire been op portunely discovered, great loss mnst have resulted, owing to the Imperfection of the caretaking arrangements, and the feet that tbe buildings were uninsured. It is anticipated that the workings of the Ellis' Freehold, Malmsbury, are in danger of flooding. The Mining Department are likely to call on the proprietors to make a survey. Flour, £10 ; wheat, 5s Id ; oats, 3s ; maize, 3s lOd to 3s lid. 