Hotsam. 3fe» «fcfeny of penny postage has been won. Triokett has endorsed the olatmsof COmmon seoseand jmtioe. Ijambtonism has been orer> ruled, and Parramatta rejoioigs 1 And there'a to be abanqoet to the Uenrnsrtor the Borough | Well,.why not? only "the Press "-^the comv—on snohanoocasioii should, methinks, be (As toast of the evening: not that with regard to Hughie's servioes It should be ""dftwsr fugek 7 :*••' v • St that rumour about the likelihood of a Amunstta msa bring appointed to the local Police Msgisbacy. For my own part I think it would he animpolitio nnd inexpedjiint stfip to ^see a looal niaa in such. a noyttiuo, " t'ap' well " aware.' that ' it there .are Dythki diary beak. Bat < it onght to to made) Die " fetts.. matter i.aTtha , ,, MtteUU. Mm* tt*JM* Mw^'todDMicf 4h*ina*yexperi«n<>ed Polios TagistraU* who am nowdoing duty ialow«; isaed. rlirtalota jffhsn'smy/snntfonnU, at . fljie first&Kging; ahdertbe new;A4.-few' ,corns off, 41td. it dofltt tiH ttttob i ^ifltetfty. in securing a flogger. The fact, though, doesn't Udl in favour of the warder who demeaned 'hiuaelf to play the p«it of fianllator, ,a role which properly belongs to the hangman or to eome wretch who nay he qualifying for the .billet of ? public Inotoia tits S3eatoial BolU (1883-4) for -Central Gumbsrlsnda considerable amount of carelesmeiss In the naming of places, loads, . eto. For example, 1 And Gran nils sometime* called "Ota&WUe;" «nd qotte u Often "the Junction also. ths Dogtrap Boailia*M often called " Woodrilk Bead"'.asitiiby iUright name. In neither case that I have given cat it be comet to aw both name* "petmiscuoualike." There an numerous other careless errors of the same kind. Hen Is a shWy of a cannibal ram (by which expression I mean• a mutton eating tnale sheep):—The Police Magistrate atMatatiele, in Sooth. Africa, has a p«fc run which whena lamb, left the flock and attaohed itself to a Mr. Watson, who gave it to bemokled by his bitch " Beauty," and was well taken care of by her. When the lamb grew older it vm noticed that it would never sleep in any house bnt Mr. Watson's, and would sometimes lie outside the door coddled up. like, a watchdog. The most wonderful thing about him is that a» soon as tho hotel bell rings for dinner be is tare to be standing' by one of the Chain at the top end of the table, and when the owner aits down he will jump with his front paws on his back, letting' torn know that <he Wants' something to eat, libs a dog. He will not touch grass or eat beef, hut tclU flaily tat mutton, soap, candlea, and drink coffee and tea with sugar and milk. But "Schaap's" great love is for draught beer. He will lift the can np with his front paws and hold it to hie month, and drink with-audi a relish that it can at once baleen he has been led away by bad example. Schaap "iis fine ram, with clean' fleece and very tricked .eyes. All day be is seen running about with tho doits as one of them, until the' -bell rings; .then off he scampers to the dinner. 1 toffln., London " Punch " neatly calls the Victorian Mosquito fleet of powerful gun and torpedo boats " tnattf little cruisers." • v :.• Host thoroughly do I agree with 'Whitaker of Grohardleigb that it is a most onwiw thing to lay down oarrots steeped in a strong solution ,of»rianic in a thickly populated distriot like Osntnl Onntberland, ai poison for rabbits. No donbt, the remit of taldngan arsenicated carrot would ha extremely rough on a *' kidl" ' Here is about how the thing would gee:— : 1 - \- This is the arsenicated carrot that Jack laid. : This is the child that ate the arsenicated carrot that Jack laid. This te the doctor that came to see tiie child that eat the arsenicated carrot that Jack laid. This is the certificate a death the doctor wrote that came to see the child that eat the arsenicated .carrot tbat Jack laid. This is the undertaker that registered'the oertificate of death the doctor wrote that came to see the child that eat the anenioated carrot that Jack laid— Etcetera, and so on t ' Wee Ben wick declares that thottgh he has had a great deal to do with official oorrospondsnoe he has. never known the matter -of letter of great importance and concern to an institution like the Benevolent Asylom find its way Into the press, before the letter itself h«d beat received by the' persons to whom it was addresnd.. Wee Reawlok forgets how once.' on time when a small politician was in affioe (whom his own ex-oollesgnes had subsequently to cast oft for lealciness and inability to oompptihend in what Put? loyalty consisted) it was that small polith&an;'* wont to inundate mess men with the dent's reoei{A of the auiie! And why not King Btanleyf Who worthier to bo a king than " ons whocanf" For my own pait, I1»ke » lUrmian'a last cry and ahont :<oot for.all hands, hut) «*On, Stanley, on! M/ The odds are he'll be known yet tn history as .'f Heoiy. the Oongo-er." So mote ithe!. . •,.; • V The, idea of Dutchmen not bring able to jnjigegoodwineK I for ana (although an old friend of Bonnard's) agree with Alexander Gray, who, in a letter to " Garranny " aaya :— 1 infraltatfariy assart thatl flo not know aaj olujo* Pe**»» bft*>r »ble to Judae from erperlinoe of thenottts aeddamaiits of red and white vine*, and I oonaennentl7 laslst that yonr wine trodnoers wUl meetwita aa impartial aad oomiilste aludgiDant ai flu lunds nf * tfrnliMp • .. hn, mestialiy a wins said notaiK^asp4iinkar, and to dnbbhfa as the latter wdnld tossjnst as to cdl the (Hrmanalasar bsernttioMlist, Or 'theTnabbnan avotan of sMnthe, to the exclusion of other and finer taste*.' Nowhere in Europe does the traveller get better wines athis hotel than at Amsterdam orBotterdamior Leyden--or at more Aiodente rates, xhougb it.may he 4»>atomaiy to think that the averageDntohinsu Is* kind of Mynher Tan Tronic, vho,4rinkingbrandy.«nd water gaily, wished th«t. a JDntchntan's draught might ever he as dMp.^s. the rolling Zoider Zee; and though it may he k'rect that many Untchnieh prefer to prine—: Biaodrcf HOaiDte s«>wth, »iii mm bom the isle of „ r iwt, Hoe nla, wax and Genera, i that Here* saw Holland, rum, brown atoat. vvuraadeUsir, ': • ^eoIdw&Sr; hot or Neg^^god-lUw por. fltp, lamb's wool, s^Ilatmb, 7odd^or|iniuih, or sliruba or the moeh enqg rtingo Tet does fits Butch gentleman not only know goodirimfrombad, Sat knowshow, ^ien ho<> pitable oooasion requires, to crown the teud with bottlea whose oontents fully snidain the credit of the carefully seM^hnudTihey hear. In my yom^r dayi l expeHenoed the ventotous homitsMw-. of good HCllandpr" bluest whyfemy nriddleageshould Irefuse thBm this testimony to thdryixrtr v . . Talking of wines, I would state for the information cf mr iriend "X"' ihat the irization of light wines " does«<A mean „ your incumbent, vicar, parish curate, minister or pastor a glass of hook or reuling: It simply refers to a process intpoduoed bya Hons; Pastenr, Or, rather adar^ed from nil diiooTeries, ^ designed to ]dll tiie genu Of phyUoxenT-which cause secondary fermentation and all eorts of consequent troubles. : : v \ . • As regards the Wooloomooloo honor, I do not say " Alaat alas!" but a U>(h), a las(h)^ a Lu(h)—so vigoroudy applied as to form (so farasthe besUal snfterers ate oonoerned) the neoessary initial prooeediqgito some ten yeara seolusion from the haunts of MM. " ' . " X can'ttalp tUhUng thtt almn' . and lriUite lobsteriike Uile»riiiyr l, presenta ^-^stiil^ng Msemblanoe to nbre thih 'Wis of 'tbe'Otfremmtint' Department* Of i Ve# «outh : J< 15 wass.'. "•-• • •! . Hahnay, ens of the Metropolitan (bondon) etipendisrtea hashH on n nbw'idea in dealing: with a prisoner coming before hiss te'a ebatM of being .drunk and'{naapable. , If the mans face is terribly bruited, either from tumbling abouvwlifo drunk'or &oSi;"'fighting, the maguirate inquires of the chief gaoler whether he haaalodrin«'glassin b!sroom. On being Informed that ne. has, the gaoler ii ordered to take, the prisoner and t%ou> Aim Ah fact, and then liberate him. 'But how would Hjmnay treat a man the normal oonditipn of whose faoe was one chronic, brniae and who if he, saw a whitttmah in the' rnirforwnnld' think it Was a blessed ghost f ; ' : JVHEOKBEU ' 