GLEANINGS BY JiOZ. Sam. Johnson, contemporary with Shakspeare» used to dress shabbily. Being informed that Lord Craven would be pleased to see him, Sam. went to his lordship's mansion. The porter, not liking his looks or dress, refused to admit him. Rough language and much noise attracted tho nobleman to the door. ' I understood,' said Sam., ' that your lord ship wished to see me.' 'You, friend! ? Why, who may you bo?' 'I am Sam. Johnson.' ' No, no ! You cannot bo the great author who wrote the ' Silent Woman.' You look as if you could not say boo to a goose.' The dramatist, looking straight in tho nobleman's face with a comical air, cried ' Boo !' 'I am now convinced,' said his lordship, 'you are Sam. Johnson.' Professor O. C. Marsh, of Yale College, 'Frisco, is a champion of Darwinism. He has but few followers in America, where Agassiz and Dawson hold sounder views — one of them wrote the following parody to the professor, under the nom-de-plume ' A Non-uniformitarian' : — ' ' Break, break, break At thy cold grey stones, O. C. ! And I would that my tongue could utter » The thoughts that arise in me. O well for the livc-toed horse ! That his bones are at rest iu the clay : O well for the uneru'late brute! » x' ' : That he roams o'er the prairie to-day. Thy rocks bear their record of life, Evolved from Time's earliest dawn ; - But O for the view of a vanished form, And the link that is missing aud {/one '? Break, break, break At thy fossils and stones, O. C. ! But the gentle charm of uniform law Can never quite satisfy me.' Franklin tells the following amusing story: — 'A young man on commencing business proposed to paint ovor his shop window, ' John Thomson, hatter, makes and sells hats for ready money,' to which was added the sign of a hat. One friend sug gested that as he macfe and sold hats, the word ' hatter ' was unnecessary ; it was therefore struck out, and the sign remained — 1 John Thomson makes and sells hats for ready money.' Another friend advised him to omit the phrase ' for -ready money,' as there would occur occasions !for selling on credit ; and so the sign read-^' John Thom- 'V son makes and sells hats.' \ It was then hinted that tho buyer of the hat did not care ' ' who made it, and that the sign would read better — ' John Thomson sells hats.' But another amputation was in store still, for a critic pointed out the uselessness of the phrase — ' sells hats ;' ' for,' said he, ' no one would ever suppose that the hats were to be given away for nothing.' Thus at last this f aspiring tradesman commenced business, like many worthy successors, with the - modest sign of ' John Thomson.' ' f Pliny wrote to a friend: 'I have not | time to write you a short letter, therefore I | have written you a long one.' How true. Essences are moro difficult to prepare, and therefore more valuable than weak solutions. So also much consideration is necessary to enable one to compress the details of any subj ect into a JjSflT^^pass. Franklin, writing 'oif-prejudice, says : — ' Prejudice is tho mouldinessof the mind; it is not l'ound but where information does not enter.' An eminent French physician says the three chief enemies to health are ignorance, prejudice, and custom, and winds up a Stirling essay as follows: — ' Let us banish then i'rom our way of living these strange and dangerous elements, and let us strive to arrive at having really good health, which consists in a sound mind and a sound heart in a sound body. Such is surely our rea sonable duty to God, to man, and to our- ^ selves;' f In some counties of England great atten tion is paid to the time and day of the birth of a child, tn Devonshire they say children born at midnight have the power of seeing — S* ghosts, while those born by daylight never f see such things. In Cornwall they say that when a child is born between an old moon and the appearance of a new moon it will never reach the age of puberty. The follow ing Cornish lines may be interesting : — ' Sunday's child is full of grace, Monday's child is full in the face, Tuesday's child is solemn and sad, Wednesday's child is merry and glad, Thursday's child is inclined to thieving, Friday's child is free in giving, Saturday's child works hard for his living.' Sunday is regarded as a lucky day both in England and on the continent. In York- 4 shire Sunday children, as they are called, are said to be secure from the malice of evil spirits. In Sussex belief considers them safe from hangiug and drowning ; in Sussex, too, they say babies' caps must be left off the first time on Sunday, and then no cold will be taken. In Cornwall they call children born in May—' May chets !' and an old I.;.' proverb declares— ' May chets bad luck begets.' This superstition is, however, contradicted by the life of our Queen Victoria. In Brittany they believe that if a child is born in leap year either it or the mother will die before the year is out. In the county of Durham tho same belief oxists. In Cum berland, Westmoreland, and Northumber land, too, the women all wear rotind their necks blue woollen threads or small cords until they wean their infants, for the purpose of warding off fevers or, as they are nick named, ' weeds and onfas.' These threads - are handed down from mother to child, and , | ' are esteemed in proportion to their antiquity. 150 Russian soldiers have been seriously ! injured through eating food with which poison had accidentally been mixed. At Tuesday's sittings of the Lower House of tho Prussian Parliament, a Ministerial bill was introduced, the object of which is to abolish the May laws, under which the Roman Catholic bishops and clergy render themselves liable to penalties lor oxorcising ' tiieir 1 unctions without tho pro\ious consent of tho Prussian Govornmont. 