A SCHOOLBOY'S STORY. There never was a fellow in school so fond of playing tricks on people as .Jim 'Varley was before that happened. Before what happened you say I Well, I'm going to tell you. Don't be in such a hurry. Jim was head boy in Doctor Johnstone's school when I went there. We all liked him. He didn't mean any harm by his tricks. Hle wasn't angry if we played one on him. But it wasn't always pleasant to have salt in your cotlee when you tlhought it was sugar, and was thirsty; or to have sugar on your beefsteak; or to have your bed come down in the middle of tihe night, bncause he'd unscrewed thb bolts ; or to have a pitcher full of water poured on your head as you weregoing out dressed for church ; or to be bumped and thumped, and frightened and fooled half the time. Jim used to say that he played tricks on everybody but his, father. We all knew that nothing could have made him do anything that would make his father feel unpleasantly. He adored him. Yes, that is thel word. There were only two of them in the world, and they were just wrapped up in each otlher. Tlhat summer ,lin's fathter was .?,' e-'r~ow~ u:to?'~tt-o' watlt-or letters from him ; how he used to read them to the boys; how glad he was when one of them said that his father ivas coming home. I never shall forget it We all loved our parents, but we loved nobody as well as Jim loved his father. But there wasn't another boy whol would have tied the brush to the cat's tail, soaked them both in turpentine and set fire to the brush; who would have stolen the poor old German mas ter's clothes when he went to bathe on the beach and kept him in the water three mortal hours; to be sure when he got cramps he went in and hauled hlim out But, then, when Jiri started it was so funny, and we enjoyed the joke as well as lie did. That was natural. One night lie had been talking and talking of the ship being in, and his father coming home so soon now, and was so glad about it. A dozen of us who were chums were taking exercise before the dormitory bell rang. It was about nine o'clock, and the moon was going down behind the old mill; and just then old Dan, the servant, who did odd jobs, came stumbling and tumbling along the path. Where are you going, Dan? said some of us. To the store, replied Dan, for four dozen eggs. I've got a bag for 'em. It's a deal better for egg.s than a basket I must hurry, or shop 'II lie shut up. Away he stumbled as he spoke, and on thCe instant Jim whispered, I'll tell you wlat we'll do; I'll tie a cord across the path, and when Dan comes back witlh the basket of eggs we'll hear a little fun. Flop will go Dan, squash will go the eggs,, out will. come the cook... We can .hear every .word thely7 say from the"dbrminitry winidow.: Who has apiece of twine.d ' I don't' think it ,;ery great. fun'to' throw a poor old nian down and spoi good provisions,. said -.Tack Sharp;I, gentlemanly sort 'of.:young fello', though h hhadn't"much,fun in him. I think I'd: give up the idea, Jim, if T were you., Oh, it's not' so inuch the falling down as hearing all, ho'll have to say. Dan is as good as a play, said Jim. IHre's the. citrd' Fasten -it:ito that fence, Brown: Here, rIve got the other ind.? Now, all's right. ", There's, the. dormitory bell, c.ried Brown. Hurry, then, said Jim, or we'll hhve one of the teachers coming and spoiling the sport With tlhat, we all hurried in, only oeakes, who was near-sighted, tripped ov r' the cord' himself, anid set ius all anghling, and raised a blue lump. on' hisi' chleek-hone where he- hada hit it ragainst a stonne , : :: Te 'allwesit in, as I.said, ann went to:bed, and there we of; the, fist class lay listening, but we heard no more f d 'lonI wtiler and we".malde' u ourniiisde''nlthat' Dan b ilescape8, when suddenly there were all sorte of noises togetlher--then .trampling of horses' .feet, a cry, or shout, a fall, groans, people rushing out of the house, and someone being carried into it. There ,vere eight of us in the room, and we were out of bed in a twinkling iand at the windows, but all wve coiild see was a horse and a crowd of people gathered about the gate. Something serious has happened, said Brown. - Doubtless, Varley's practical joke has been more successful than usual, and he has broken Dan's neck, said Noakes. I never wanted to kill anyone, said Jim Roche, and it's something about a horse, I' think. We'll know pretty soon. . We did. In a few moments some one opened the door arid came in. It was the professor, in a dressing gown. Gentlemen, he said, I have very serious news to tell one of you.'. An accident has happened. ' Some wicked person has tied a cord across the en trance to the drive, and it has proved the cause of a very terrible occurrence. A gentleman who was coming here to see his son rode in quite unprepared i for this obstacle. The horse stumbled and threw him, and in the darkness kicked him. He lies below at the point of death". I have come to, take his son to him. It is a gentleman who has just returned from -France, and longed.to miieet his son at once SIt is SMy father! shrieked Varley, and fell upon his face on the floor. My father \--and it was I who tied the string ! 31y poor boy, I am sorry for you I said.the professor. We all were, even Noakes, for we never saw anyone seem to suffer so ter ribly. As the professor told us after wards, it was a warning to anyone. Poor Yarley ! He went to his father after awhile, and for two or three days we only saw him now and then, white as a ghost, and shivering all over. But b y that time his father began to get better, and he didn't die, though the doctor said he would. He was as well as ever when they rode away together in a couple of smonths, and MJr. Varley gave the t school a gymnasium ;\and when Jim *t Varley presided over the little supper t he was allowed to give to the class on s parting, this is what ihe said: Boys, 'I 'm cured of playing practical jokes o They've proved no joke to me. And , Noakes was quite right about them; they are both cruel . and ungentle . manmly. 