OPENING OF ST. MICHAEL'S CHURCH, CLARE. In the early days of the colony the settlers as they penetrated into the bush to find a home had to put up with many little dis comforts. They were not discouraged, however, but erected slab huts, cultivated the soil, and endeavored to make their rural abodes places of contentment. The pioneers as a rule were frugnl and thrifty, but they did not forget their higher duty. Wherever a few families were congregated a little church or chapel might be seeu on some eminence, and thither the scattered few repaired on the Sabbath, as was their wont in the land they had left. The pioneers who pitched their tents on the banks of the Hutt River brought with them religious principles and convictions. Churches were soon built and the Roman Catholics were to the fore in this respect, being, we believe, the first body that erected a place of wor ship in Clare. From that time to the pre sent their zeal has not flagged, and as the population increased church accommodation was required and provided. They have therefore made good progress in this dis trict, and have their college at Sevenhills, about four miles from Clare, where young men are educated, and where th^ priests reside. The college being in the centre of a thickly-populated district the spiritual wants of Catholics are fully met, as the rev. Fathers can work a large circuit. Clare being so near this centre, the members of the church are well instructed, and this is seen by their steady increase. Their spiritual teachers and advisers have been untiring in their work, and none more so than the Rev. J. Herden, S.J., who has ministered to the wants of the Clare church for the last five years. For a considerable period the want of accommodation has been experienced, and a consequent desire for a larger church. Accordingly Mr. M. Mc Mullin, of Adelaide. prepared plans and specifications for a new edifice. The design being approved preparations were made for carrying on the work. The foundations of the main portion, or nave, of the church, and the walls to an average height of one foot above the floor line, were built several years ago at a cost of nearly £500. Just then a number of persons connected with the church left the district to settle in the agricultural areas in the North. Under the circumstances it was deemed prudent not to go on with the building, and the work was stopped. After the lapse of a few years the church regained its former vigor and Strength, and likewise felt a growing desire to complete the building. Some eighteen months ago the members of the church, by means of a bazaar, and in other ways, added a considerable sum of money to the amount in hand in aid of the building fund. Stimulated by the success which attended their efforts they resolved to complete the edifice. The Rev. Father Herden was the leading spirit in this undertaking, and he infused a kindred zeal into his people. Mr. A. Munro, of Kapunda, was the suc cessful tenderer, the contract being £3,224, and it is worthy of record that with the exception of the funds raised by the bazaar no attempt has been made to get money from those who did not belong to the Catholic Church, although, of course, many Protestants contributed voluntarily. The structure, which is of the Roman style of architecture, is now, with the exception of a little pointing and external cement work, completed, and it has a very imposing ap pearance. The nave measures 40 ft. x 80 ft., the sanctuary 18 ft. x 26 ft., the vestry and sacristry each 12 ft. x 15 ft., in addition to which are eide-chapels connected with the sanctuary and nave by semicircular arches springing from group-columns. On the east and principal entrance, which is through the tower, there is a baptistery and a stair case 11 ft. x 11 ft. each. The tower with campanile is 100 ft. from the floor level, and the walls 33 ft. from the ground level. The pilasters are rusticated, having orna mental caps, and are finished in a similar style with cement dressings The interior of the roof is of very chaste design — the principals and ceiling being composed of stained and varnished timbers — and is a very attractive feature of the building. The roof is covered with slate, and the floors are of Mintaro flagging. The windows were not included in the contract, but have been provided by members of the church. They are of stained glass, very handsome, and quite in harmony with the structure. The names of the donors are neatly inscribed on the respective windows, and will remain as mementoes of their liberality. Mr. J. Work, sen., was the contractor for the seats, which are of light wood well put together and varnished. The church is not fully seated, but sufficiently so for the require ments of the congregation, except on special occasions. This magnificent church, which is, we believe, the best outside of Adelaide, was opened on Sunday last by Dr. Reynolds, the R. C. Bishop of Adelaide. Great pre parations were made for the occasion, and long before the appointed hour for service hundreds of persons were congregated in the vicinity of the church. His Lordship left Sevenhills at 10 a.m., and was followed by a large cortege, reaching Clare at 10.45. At the principal entrance to the church property a spacious arch of evergreens had been erected, from which waved the flag of Ireland, bearing the motto, 'Cead mille failte.' Immediately inside the gate the members of the Catholic Benefit Society, clad in regalia, and bearing their distinguishing banner, awaited the approach of his Lordship. The girls belong ing to the church ail neatly dressed in white, and under the superintendence of the Sisters of Mercy, formed a double line, and as the Bishop and priests passed along to the church they sang a hymn of welcome and rejoicing. The altar was neatly yet profusely decorated with flowers, as also were the stands on either side. The people flocked into the churchy and shortly after 11 o'clock all the seats were occupied, and a great many persons had to stand through out the service, which occupied upwards of two hours, the congregation numbering upwards of 800. The Bishop proceeded to bless the church, and, with the clergy in procession, went along the centre aisle, out at the principal door, around the building, sprinkling the walls; then, re- entering the church, the inside walls were sprinkled, aud the edifice consecrated. High mass by Polimentes was then celebrated, the choir performing its part with marked proficiency. After mass his Lordship preached a ser mon, basing his discourse on the build ing of Solomon's temple, the chosen place for the Lord to dwell in. Prior to that God had no dwelling place on earth, and man had no temple to his honor. David had conquered his enemies, and while he dwelt in a house of cedar there was no place for the ark, and it was in his heart to build a house for the Lord to record his name in it. But God would not permit the warrior king, whose hand was stained with blood, to build him a house. That work was left for his son Solomon to do during his more peaceful reign. Reference was made to the amount of gold and silver that was used in the building of the temple. It was Solmon's privilege to see the temple rise in all its glory and beauty, and he loved it as the place where His honor dwelt. His Lordship referred to the first Christian temple — the upper temple where Peter remained for a time for fear of the Jews. The doctrines and practices of the Catholic Church were dwelt upon during a period of three centuries of persecution with only a lull now and again. The Catholic Church was led to cry, ' O Lord, how long.' Still it could say, ' I love the temple of the Lord.' During the middle ages, which some people vulgarly called the dark ages, a high and holy feeling permeated the church. Re ference was then made to the temple sacrifice, and though God did not now re quire the blood of rams and bullocks, there had to be a sacrifice, and Jesus was now then sacrificed. Though God filled immensely with His presence, He neverthe less said that He would dwell in a house made with hands. He had further said, ' I have heard thy prayer, I have accepted thy sacrifice, and my eyes and heart shall be there perpetually.' That truth produced a delightful, a heavenly power. It was true that man could address God in any place. The mountaineer iu the regions of eternal snow could reach the ear of the Almighty, so could the husbandman in the field, the shepherd in his solitude, and the mariner while tossed on the angry waters. Jesus had promised to hear their cry. But the church was the house He had chosen where He would especially honor prayer. They had their places of business, and places for various purposes, and so the church was the place of prayer. The humble and contrite heart God would not despise. God's house to His people was a fortress — a city of refuge. It was also a place of sacrifice ; man had nothing to offer, but Jesus by His sacrifice on the cross — the shedding of his own blood in stituted a clean obligaton — His body and blood, and that redeemed the Catholic Church. And as God honored the temple that Solomon built, so in the solemn con secration of that temple to-day so surely could they believe that God had accepted it. Nearly 10 years ago when he had laid the foundation-stone they had asked God to bless the house. The walls had been slowly but surely raised, and he thanked God that no accident had happened during the erection of that temple. It was a noble work. There were nobler structures in South Australia, but there were none nobler as regarded the spirit in which they had been erected than the one consecrated that day. It would attest to what they had done. They had given back of the substance God had given them ; and God would surely dwell there, for He had chosen it as a place of prayer. The grain of mustard seed com menced to grow in the adjoining church in April, 1849, and nearly all who then were active in the church had passed away. To reach Clare village from the city in those early days involved some time and labor. Yet though that generation had passed away and some of the teachers of the church, the spirit of enterprise and zeal had not passed away. Though they were not yet 40 years old as a church in Clare, they could not but think of the many lessons of hope and love that had been given to those who had assembled within the walls of the old church. It it many of the young had received the sacred sign of baptism, and had been instructed to wrestle against the flesh and the devil, and to keep themselves unspotted from the world. They had re cieved the holy Communion of the body and blood at the feet of Jesus — not from the priest but from Jesus — his real body and blood. In the time of sickness and death Jesus would be their consoler and comforter, for he would be to them a Saviour, and the priests annointed at the altar would lead them to him. Death was snatching away one here and another there, but those be longing to the church did not die as those having no hope. The church told Almighty God to show mercy to the poor soul, and he marked them with the seal of the Holy Ghost. The church took a man by the hand as a rebel, brought him as a penitent to God, and He marked him with the seal of His love. His Lordship asked for whom had the church been erected. The primary aim was that it might be a resting-place and a refuge for his people. Its architec tural proportions stood secondarily, but he thanked God that He had given the Catholics in that part of the colony health to labor. They had, however, many duties even greater than that which called them to give back to God of the substance He had given them. He prayed that every blessing temporal and spiritual would rest upon them, and that they would continue to prosper. They were reminded that they had something financial still to do, for there was still a debt on the church. They were informed that the contract price was £3,224. There had, however, been extras amounting to £150, which, with the win dows and sundries, increased the total cost of the building to £4,117. The greater part of this sum had been paid, leaving the amount now owing £1,472. The Bishop informed the congregation that they would have an opportunity of giving as they ap proached him at the altar and passed out by the side-chapel door. Mr. P. Culleney was the first that responded by placing a cheque for £100 for himself and family in the hands of the Bishop. Then followed a general pressure in that direction, and when all had passed out it was found tbat the offerings amounted to £403 15s 3d. The following address was then read to his Lordship : — ' To the Right Rev. Christopher Augustine Reynolds, D.D., Lord Bishop of Ade laide. ' May it please your Lordship—* 'We, the Catholics of Clare and sur rounding' districts, together with the mem bers of the Sevenhills Catholic Benefit Society, desire humbly to approach your Lordship to express our heartiest 'welcome to your visit in our district. We are well aware that nothing connected with your sacred and sublime office can afford you greater satisfaction than that of opening a new church consecrated to the greater glory of God. Hence we beg to congratulate jour Lordship on the solemn occasion of dedicating our church in the honor of St. Michael, a place which will be a standing memory of your Lordship's indefatigable zeal, and a resort of peace and happiness to all the souls entrusted to your care. Sin cerely we pray that the sacred heart of our Lord, whose devotion you promote by ^ words and actions, may long- preserve your health and bless you with strength and courage to enable you to dischasge the heavy duties connected with your sacred office ; aud we faithfully promise your Lordship to co-operate in everything you undertake for the spiritual welfare of the diocese in general and this congregation iu particular. ' We are your Lordship's faithful and obedient children in Christ.' The Bishop briefly replied, expressing pleasure at what they had done, and ex horting them not to be weary in well-doing,. but to continue faithful and good, and the Lord would further bless them temporarily and spiritually. There was again a large attendance in the evening, when the Rev. Hubert Daly, S.J., of Melbourne, gave a sermon based on the words of Jesus in the tenth chapter of St. John's Gospel, ' I and my Father, are one.' He showed that there must be a perfect union between Jesus and the Father, and that Jesus was the real true witness — the real perfection. Reference was then made to the union between Christ and his church. He reminded the congregation that no man could do any good works while in a atate of sin. No one, however, should giv& way to despair, for Christ could rescue him if he would by fasting, praying, penance, and alms, come to Him. He then referred to the happy and blissful conditiou of those who were in a state of grace, and he coun selled all to treasure the special grace of per severance. In the evening the choir sang ' The German Litany,' ' St. Mary's Litany,' 'The Iantura Ergo,' and from St. Mary's Benediction Service ' O Salutaris' and ' O Sanctissima.' 