WllAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN EXPECTED. MY JUIS. rniNK M'CAltTHY. O.N'i: wild March night, not ninny years ngo, two.young men walked rapidly through tho main street of a crude Western settlement. Thero was little attempt at paving, as tho. place seemed to 'be scooped out of tho solid rook whioh hemmed it in. Tho width ot the street wasasorious drawback toitsdistinction. The houses on either side, slanting down uum ira iima uuuuiu iuisuj, uiiuymuircu, uo taehed, and with littlo or no attempt at archi tecture, became more insignificant by the long distances which separated them and their grim surroundings. An ioy wind, that grew more and more violent nt night-fall, congealed all inclination for conversation but the younger of these pilgrims muttered through his chattering teeth, ' God- forsaken, beastly hole, Max I' ' Not altogether,' replied his companion. ' Look yonder, Tom 1' The wind, increasing in velocity, drove bo foro it tho murky clouds that had rested upon the jagged hill-tops, and all at oneo 'could be seen a Hundred martial, maritime, and gro tesquo shapes clearly defined upon the sky Myriads of stars began to glow with wonder ful brilliancy, but tlio youngor traveller gazed longingly upon tho minor lights of tlio rail road depot that shono hopefully in tho dis tance. Tho wide portico of a country store loomed in sight ; cheerful arrays of patont medicines with their gaudy placards adorned tho windows ; the battered and broken-nosed 'figure of an Indian maiden insured tho pre sence of tobacco to tho way-worn traveller — and Tom began to soften with theso signs of approaching civilization. ' Wo'll soon shako tho dust of this wretohed placo from our feet, Max,' I10 said. 'I'vo had a nasty presentiment hanging over mo all day that something would happen hero; but there's the blossed old flaming eye of tho en gine at last.' It all happened in a quarter of n minule, ovon ns Tom rpoke. A waggon camo rapidly down the steep cross-street, tho driver vainly .endeavoring, as I10 saw an old woman on tho crossing, to arrest tho speed ot his vehicle ;. his boast was intelligent enough to aid him in this endeavor, but tho grade was stoop, and tho old woman stumbled. Max sprang for ward just in time to lift her to her foot. As he rose to his own tho shaft of the wagon gavo him a rough poke upon tho leg, which mado himwinco for a moment, but he carried his light burden to the corner, whoro sho struggled down out of his arms, saying, in the weak, tremulous quavor of ago, 'Thank ye, thank ye, young man,' and hobbled away upon her stick in tho gloom. . Tho man in the waggon callod out : ' All right, boss 1 Nobody hurt, I reckon ? ' ' All right — nobody hurt,' echoed Max, and tho waggon went rattling on. The old woman had already disappeared ; the engine was bolohing forth Uame and steam only n few rods away. In less' than fivo minutes Tom was filling the brackets over their heads in .tho oar with thoir travelling traps, and singing Softly. 'I got broko at playing poker, Tlireo of ft kind.' This was Tom's favorite pioan of joy. He never got beyond tho 0110 line and the refrain, but theso seemed to sullico him. Ho broke off, shortly, however, upon looking at his com panion. Mnx was deathly pale, a white quiver about his mouth had a premonition oi ghastly faintnoss about it. 'Hallo, old fellow,' cried Tom, 'you wero hurt, after all ; take a swig of this.' Hb poured some liquor down tho throat of Mux from a littlo brown ilask, which quickly brought him round, but Tom romainod anxious. 'Whero's tho trouble, Max?' I10 said. ' Only a blow on tho log,' Baid Max. ' I shouldn't wonder it thoro was a black and blue spot thoro as big as your hand ; but that's all. I'm tirpd and hungry; let's cat something.' They fell to upon a littlo suppor which Tom brought from tho recesses ot his travel ling bag. Tlio train ntaitnd on, Max re gained his fino florid complexion. Presently ho lot his head 'rest upon his board, and olosod his eyes in a light and easy Blumber. Tom drew a breath of relief. The train in creased in speed. As it went spinning east ward tlio vory cocklos of poor Tom's heart warmed at tho thought of homo. Ho pulled up tho collar of his overcoat, oxtondod his foot upon tho luxurious upholstery of tho soat ahead, folded his hat into a pillow, and was soon mingling his humble snoro with the con tinuous rattle and occasional shriek of the railway train. With tho morning camo nn amelioration of the cold, but it brought with it fog and mud. Tho nino miles' rido at tho closo of the second day, over an unovon country in a lumbering stago-ooacli, wrung sometimes from Max an exclamation that was nearly akin to a groan; his log had beon a littlo stifr when I10 got oft tho train. Tom thought it was tho awkward position in whioh ho had slopt. Ho began now to bo of tho opinion that a touch ot rheumatism might be at tho bottom of the trouble. ' We'll give it a rub with some oi Aunt Em'n liniment whon we get home,' said Tom, with a soft inflection upon tho last word. Tom wouldn't havo boliovod it possible he could havo been -10 ridiculously glad to get back to stupid old Barnesville ; I10 had been so grateful tt- get away from it, at that time, I10 had mado up his mind that in the wholo range of tho Statos I10 could not tumble upon u dullor, moro perversely stagnant and ex asperating spot than the village of which his father was so proud. It nettled him beyond ondurancc after ho got back from eollego to sco his father stand with his back to tho dining-room grato, his hands folded beneath his coat tails, and hold forth by the hour upon tho petty themes discussed in the City Council, of which I10 was an influential mem ber. A sword hung conspicuously ovor tho mantel-piece, which seemed to Tom to crown the absurdity of the scone. The littlo attenT tion Tom had given to the sanguinary 'ancients during his collegiate courso increased his con tempt for tho regiment of home guards at Barnesville, of which his father was tho colo nel, and the approach of Washington's birth day quickened Tom's decision to join, his friend Max Bcling in that venture out in the mining districts. ' Why, you'd better stay till after tho twen ty-second,' said Aunt Em, who was busy with silken flags and rosettes at n sido tabic. ' Merry'scominghomo from school on purpose, you know.' ' Ye3,' said the colonel, 'I thought it judicious to send for America — in — a — fact, I believo sho is to personate', the Goddess of Liberty ; sho is tall for hor age, you know.' Yes, Tom knew 'sho was taller at fourteen than most girls at twenty. He ivas exceed ingly fond and proud of his sister, but I10 went nevertheless. Tom left Barnesville without a single regret nnd vowed in his heart that many a yoar should go by before I10 should again seo tho white houees and green blinds, and little front gar dens, and neat palings, and slender saplings of elms and ash-trees and maples that at stated distances marked so many miles of his father's domain. This young lad of twenty, in tho innoconco and arrogance of youth, thought of many a lively joust and tournament that awaited him yonder, which made the present placid surroundings insipid boyond degree. Fivo years had gone by, and I10 was coming back again, with a lively respect for tho flesh pots of Egypt. Ho had spent all the money left liim by his dead mother, a considerable sum loaned him by his father, not to mention some little savings of Aunt Em's. Ho had spoilt all this monoy, and was coming back for more. Yot ho had not been given to riotous living. Heaven know the simple faro upon whioh lie had served, tho rough raiment he had worn. Tho money had all gone in unfortunate ven tures in tho mining districts. His friend Mux had risked and lost even more than Tom. Fortune was a fickle jade, and had led them a sad dance, but at last she had warmed to their favour, and now tho tide had tur ned. . All this now investment wanted was a little m »re capital and their fortunes woro made. Hi j father had a clear head for business ; it would be an easy matter to assure him that the venture was a safe one, and at lask tho future would bo secured. Tom thought this all ovor as thoy jogged along in tho stage coach, and as tho familiar old landmarks be gan to appear ho put down his coat collar, brushed .his hat with his sleeve, pullod his pantaloons down over his boots, and began to feel that I10 was Thomas Jefferson Barnes, tho only sou of Colonel Barnes of Barneaville, His dark, thin, eager face grow moro and more jubilant as the line fertile lnnds of the old homestead wero passed. Acre aftor acre of orchard and meadow and woodland wero pointed out a3 tho proporty of Colonol Barnes, and presently the jaded liorsos began to pull up the hill to tho big, square, nowly paintfed mansion that crowned its summit.' A crim son flame from the setting sun burned in' each v.'indow-pano, a brand-new flag floated from a new flag-staff, and a second portico and observatory had been aflcled to tho already fino and bedizened building. A few hours later tho older of our pilgrims found himself nrrnyed in tho one extra suit that ho had worn upon state occasions for an incrediblo poriod of timo— a sack coat and pantaloons of blue flannel, and a high mili tary vest; indeed, the wholo appearance of Max smaokod of the martial. His skin was bronzed by exposure ; even his hair had boon toned by tho elements , to a dozen dilTorent shades of reddish-brown. His shouldors wore sqjiare, and his big shapely head had a triok of inclining forward upon his board, which somowhat dotrnctcd from his extraordinary height, but gavo him, tho colonol thought, a Napoloonio air of deliberation and distinction. Tho colonol was positivo that Max had seen some sort of servioo ; tho stiffness in his leg was immediately accounted for by tho fretting of an old wound. Tom humored this fancy, but bogged his father not to mention it in tho prosonoe of his friend, as he was particularly sonsitjvo qpon this point, ' Modest attributes that vory commonly belong to heroic natures,' acquiesced tho colonel. He was standing in his old nttitudo boforo tho drawing-room grato, his feet far aput, hia hands beneath the tails of liis coat. Max was tormented by an idea that tho colo nel closoly resembled a hoary Bheep that had been a pensioner upon the mining camp for many years— tho peculiar triangular shape of his head, whioh was pointed at tho bottom, long and narrow, clean shaven nnd bald ; the expression of the face, bland, timid, depreca ting, yet persistent ; oven the blatant tones of his voieo, whioh went boyond Max, and reached a small, daintily cressed, neat, and dapper gentleman, who ha'd been introduced as Mr. Fry, a prominent lawyer in a neighboring city, and a candidato for tlio Legislature. Max found liis feet sinking into a fino velvet carpot, nnd above hia head the ceiling was frescoed in what ho supposed was the prevail ing style of the day. Chandeliers of crystal shed rivers of light upon striking pictures in gorgeous frames, upon tho satin, brocatelle, and ebony of the furniture ; and even as Max's oyeB rested upon one of the heavily be laced and upholstered windows that lined the apartment, it resolved itselt into tlio door, through whioh glided a tall nlondor girl, with baro shoulders, and magnificent bTnok oyes that rendered tho rest ot her faco pale by con trast. Her ears and nook, arms and fingers, Max thought, woro disfigured by ohains and rings, and whon ho took her ont to dinner, his stiff leg becamo awkwardly entangled in hor long train. Tho woathor-boaton rod in his chcoks deepened, and I10 did not know how much he was disconcerted until Miss America begged of liim not to b?gin to halo hor for tho accidont. Max bowed with scant and stiff courtosy, and wondered how this young woman with tho ridiculous namo ot America could bo tho littlo sister that Tom so adored. She talked too much, and as if she had known Max for yoars (which she had, in truth, through her brother's letters) ; sho was overdressed and too handsome, and too conscious of a loveli ness that Max never could admire ; sbo was ablo to stare a fellow out of countenance, and it was very difficult to tako up the thread of conventional chitchat when ono had been buried in tho heart of a canon for fivo years, which any sensible girl would know, and not stai'o, and not chatter. ' Of tho Goddess ot Liberty style,' Max said, scornfully, to himsolf. He was puzzled to koop up with tho routine of tho meal, whioh was not only in courses, but sorved with too many silver and out-glass accom paniments for tho simple convenience of Max Boling. The variety of forks alone becaino a study to him. If America could only havo known tho cause ot hi3 vexation' and abstrac tion, it might have Bavcd her n doal of future trouble; si.e would have liogun by pitying him, perhaps despising him ; but Tom had led hor to form an exalted conception ot his friend's character, which her own extrava gant imagination had completed. When poor Max was puzzling ovor the peculiar shape of ono of his extra forks, America thought I10 was deep in some abstruse problem in metaphysics or mining machinery ; in the meanwhile the furtivo and disturbed glances she bestowed upon him wero interpreted into pity and ridicule by Max, and so theso two really sympathetic and congenial natures misjudged oaoh other. Nevertheless, each dreamed of tlio other all nightanaturalsequonco to their discomfort in each other's society. To Max it took the shape of nightmare. Ho dreamed that I10 was stretched upon tho rack for refusing to disclose a stato sccret, and that tho beautiful America, attired in a decollete costume ot alternate stripes of rod, white, and blue bunting, presided at the instrument of torture. Ho nwoko to find that his leg was becoming tho theatre of somo posi tive suffering. It was soro to the touch just below the knee, and tho red spot which had formed thoro was increasing in size. In spite of overy effort to tills contrary lie was compelled to relinquish his desire to walk over tho estate after breakfast, and to accept tho ignominious alternative of a drive in America^ ponyphae ton. Ho felt bigger than tho pony and heavier than tho phaeton, and what witn a vague un easiness about his log, and the presence of the lady executioner in his dream, he was in no humour to enjoy the drive. Ho was relieved, however, to find that America did not begin to chatter, and that she wore a quiet sensible sort of suit buttonod up to tho throat, with hat of some neutral color to match. Her hair was .brushed hack and caught in a simple knot in her neck, so that, as she drove, Max could readily admire tho exquisite proportions of her head. Tho morning was fine and breezy; tho pony, seemingly undisturbed by his extra load trotted cheeringly along, shaking his shaggy matie, and making a morry rattle with his hoofs 011 the excellently conditioned road. Tho village was loft speedily behind and they soon entered a woodland path whore in tho nude branches of tho trees premature and amatory songsters wore already prospecting for nests. Tho moss about tho old gnarled roots looked fresh and green and in a sheltered nook Max pointed out to America the first vio lets of tho season. Sho threw him the reins, and, as she came back to Max and gavo tho frail blossoms to his keeping, I10 began to thaw with tho rest ot nature, and to talk in a way that was new to America, but delightful. At first sho thought I10 was trying to suit himself to subjects that sho could understand, his dis course was so simple and natural ; but she soon gavo up conjecturing, and yielding her self to the enjoyment of the hour, became as natural and as simplo as himself. In this way they grewtoundorStand oaoh other beforo many miles had boon trotted ovor, and Max now fully at his case and with a strange sense of happiness hitherto unknown to him, oven went so far as to tell her of his dream of tho night before. 'I assure you, Miss Barnes,' I10 said, ' you really did givo an oxtra screw to tho torturo with your own hands. I can feol it in this miserable joint of mine yet.' Sho looked upon Max with an expression of such sweet compassion that he hastened to add ; ' I'm glad of tho extra wrench that disabled me, for otherwise I should have boen trudging over bald and boggy fields with your father and Tom, instead of exploring this exquisite bit of woodland with you.' !' It is strange, but I also dreamed of you,' said America, gravely. ' Oh, did you, indeed ? Well, bo as frank ns I 'was, and tell mo of your dream.' ' It was too ridiculous,' said America ; nnd Mnx snw tho color creep into hor clear palo cheok. To his confusion, I10 felt his own be ginning to tinglo. ' Could it havo beon more ridiculous than inino?' ho said gently. ' ' I11 another way,' sho replied. 'I dreamed that yourc3cued mo from sonietliinghorriblo. ' Hero sho blushed deeper, and paused. 'A dragon?' said Max, with ill-conccalcd curiosity. And sho replied that it was not a dragon ; and by that timo thoy wero trotting up the avenue of poplars, and soon Max saw her disappear up tho broad staircase. Tom waa coming down. Max saw that ho was palo and disturbed. ' I must havo a talk with you,' said Tom : ' lot's tako a turn about tbo grounds.' Thon, noticing that Max limped painfully, ' Tho devil 1 ' ho oxclaimed ; ' that's an other confounded nuisauco that must be soon to nt onco.' Then I10 took Mnx's arm, and helped him up tho stairs to tho gucst-chambor I10 had slopt in tho night boforo. Tom shut and barred tho door, and coming closo to his friond, who had thrown himsolf with an air of exhaustion into an arm-chair, lie said, in a tono of suppressed wrath and disappointment : There's no hope here, Max— nothing but a hodge-podge of ruin and desolation. My father ia noxfdoor to a beggor.' Max bore this news with resignation. He lind boon thinking while limping up tho stairB that nil that spoiled America was tho natural meretricious consequence ot being rich, ' I spoke to my father,' eontinuod Tom, ' right after breakfast, determining to havo tho thing settled at once, arid ho confessed to mo that it is merely hanging on by a thread so far as he ia concerned — that everything is mortgaged to tho hub, and tho depreciation in real OBtate has mado most of tlio mortgages fairly cover tho property. It is only the peculiar and lucky relation that this littlo sharper of n Fry holds to tho family that savos everything from going to tho hammer. Fry holds all the mortgages, and is loniont about tho interest, as well he may bo. He's got some monoy himself, and has tho handling of » quantity more through a rich old grandmother out West. When he marries Merry, this wholo property will come into his hands.' ' When he what ? ' said Max, suddenly leaping out of a sort of lethargy that -had crept ovor him. 'When lie marries Amorioa, my sister,' naid Tom. ' Fortunatoly for my father he lias a daughter beautiful and wise enough to 'keep tho wolf at bay. It's n lucky thing for Merry she's not tho kind of girl to hobnob with poverty. She'll sco to my father and Aunt Em. As for 1110, tho pick and pan of a minor — But what in thunder — hoy I Max, my boy I ' Mnx wns shaking and chattering in a con gestivo chill ; his faco was livi'i ; hia nails purple. Tom got his friond to bed, nnd sent for a doctor at onco. Max aorambled out of tho chill into a fever. 'Somo trouble with tho bono,' said tho doctor. ' Brings about a nasty complication sometimes. Keep the pationt quiot just now.' Which was easier recommended than done. Mpx tossed and tumbled and talked wildly, aftd with an unnecessary form of patriotism, Tom thought, about America and the Goddess of Liberty. 'I'll savo hor, Tom,' whispered Max — ' I'll save hor if I dio for it. I did once, you know.' ' Save who, my poor Max ? ' said Tom. ' Why' tho Goddess, you know — tho God dess of Liberty I Sho's turning tho screws again in that acoursed rack, but sho don't know it. Who would have believed she could have been so simple and womanly and sweet? — as fresh and pure, before Heaven, Tom, as tho violets sho held in her hand. I hated her by gas-light in her low dross, with all thoso gewgaws about hor.' Tom saw that his sister's faeo was red and palo by turns. ' Perhaps you'd botter.go'' out of tho room, Merry,' lio said. ' God only knows what fnncios beset his brain.' Merry thought she know ; sho fancicd she could toll ? of a certain Venetian vase that held the very violets Max raved about. Tho violet3 in tho Venetian vase were dead ; others had taken their place ; March ripened into April, and April was fast verging to May, and still poor Max was a prisonor in that fine luxurious upper chamber in tho colonel's house at Barnesville. His leg had all this time been under treatment, and tho doctor thought it possible by a 3eries of probings and applications to effect a temporary euro. ' The core of the disease will probably remain for a longer period,' said tho physician,' but tho physique of the pationt will bring him round when he can got air and exorcise.' ' Max's fine physique, however, began to bo rather against him than in his favor. Tho : doctor loaned to tho opinion that he would prefer a moro sanguine- temperament. In tho meanwhile tho most of Miss America's time was spent in the vicinity of the siek-cliambe.!. A wonderful aptitude as a nurso had developed itself in this versatile young woman, and sho had even shown a rare , ability in concocting broths and dainties to tempt a jaded appetite. As usual, she devoted i herself to this new hobby with enthusiasm. , ' Sho gives her whole heart to everything she undertakes,' said the colonel, apolo- : getically, to a visitor who had called several , times and found it impossible to sco the | daughter of tho houso ; ' but this mania will spend itself liko all tho rest,- and thon sho won't want to hoar of a sick person for a , twelvemonth.' Tho colonel's auditor smiled complacently, ' and began to talk of other things. Although thero was something nmounting to a betrothnl ] betweon liimsolt nnd tho lady in question, his mind also wns preoccupied nnd absorbed^ An ' unlooked-for complication had arisen in his own affairs. His grandmother had altered ! her will, and left more than two-thirds of her property in a way that might occasion Mr. 1 Fry considerable trouble. Ho was compelled 1 to go out and see the old lady, and had called ! to bid Merry a brief farewell. Under these circumstances the young woman consented 1 to come down. She loft the hot hand of Max ' and his eager, devouring eyes, for tho cool, 1 clammy palm and tho foxy gaze of her pro- ] raised husband. Merry found, as thoy stood ? together, that sho really was a half head i taller than Mr. Fry, as Max had once laugh ingly told her. Sho looked down upon the . dapper littlo man with grave courtosy, nnd - left her hand in his own, but lie saw that her ' manner was constrained and her attention j wandering. ' I won't keep you from your studios, America,' ho said ; 'I'm in' somewhat of a j hurry myself ; I must catch tho noon train.' ' Thon ho wont 011 to tell hor that his intorests. I with his. grandmother were soriously throat- - ened, and his presence was necessary out there for a short period ; that I10 would write, j and ho hoped she would find timo to reply. America promised she would write, and began for tho first time sinco their engagement to find it absolutely repugnant to her to have his thin lips touch her own. He was ordinarily a eoid, unimpassioned wooor; and waa not a whit warmer now than usual ; but custom required that ho should kiss her good-bye. America yielded to tho brief caress, but it was only when I10 was well out on the portico, , with his hat on, and barely time to catch the train, that her manner warmed to the occa sion or the impationt crimson abated in hor oheeks. On hor way baolc to Max's chamber j she stopped in her own, and laved her, face, ; her lips, and washed well hor hands. Sho ] met the dootor in the corridor, and behind . him was evidently another professional gentleman. They both walked gravely and 1 silently down tho stairs to tho lower hall, whoro tho colonol was pacing to and fro, his ' hands beneath his coat tails. ' ,. 'Ahom ('(coughed tho colonol, sympathet- ' ically. ' What is the ultimatum ?' ' ' Just as I said,' replied tho family physi- J cian : an amputation is nocossary to save the ' pntient's life; but ho objects — strenuously ' and violently refuses.' - Merry ran up tho stairs without waiting to 1 hear more, and found her brother Tom sitting 1 by tho bedside, his faco buried in his hands. ( ' Hero is your sister, Tom,' aaid Max, with ' a warning inflection in his voice, and holding - out liis hand to tho young girl with hi3 usual : cheory smilo. ( ' You needn't tvy to conceal anything from 1110,' she said. ' I know all about it ; I am studying modicino and surgery, and moan to be n physician. Now that tho worst has [ como, we can meet it bravely. You'll get 1 well and strong, and bo yourself again, Max ; ] and, aftor all, an old soldier 3uroly don't mind ' the'loss of a leg.' Then Tom, seeing a look of distress in c Max's face, told Morry for tho first timo of tho ' rescuo of tho old woman. 1 11 If she had beon young, or ovon pretty,' 1 groaned Tom ; ' but aho was . a veritable 1 witoh — thero was somothing uncanny in her - wholo appcaranco, and no doubt sho hold an i infectious ourso about hor. Hor old bones 1 mighti , better havo been ground to powder | than to havo brought all this about, for sho ] hadn't long to live in any ease ; but Max was ] always reckless.' ' You'd have done the same thing,' said Max, 'if I had not anticipated you.' 'I wish I had,' oried Tom — 'I wish to heaven it was I that had to choose between my leg and my lifo ; the leg would go mighty quiok 1' 'Your leg is of less consequence to you, per haps, and your lifo more,' said Max. ' The | one would be useless to me without the other, : and both . aro of littlo account. . You know, , Tom, that I haven't a relative or friend out- ] sido of yourself.' | Hero Tom saw that his sister had reached | the door, and was beckoning him out of the room. 'You, must get upon aliorso,' she said, when { tho door was olosed upon tho siok-ohamber, t ' and go down to the city, nnd bring those doe- ' tors back with you beforo night. The opera- 1 tion must bo performed at onco j and tell them t to got inoro doctors if necessary— to sparo no expense. I've— I'vo got money of mamma's you know, Tom,' sho stammored, . gontly — ' that dear mamma loft mo for my own.' Tom nodded. That monoy of thoir dead mothor's was bound to go in somo way. Ml.Si 'But Max has not consented,' said Tom. 'It doson't matter,' said Morry; 'It must bo dono. Hu'll know nothing about it till all is over. Do you go after tho doctors, and I'll soo to tho rest.' It seomod to Tom that tho remaining hours ot that day went by liko n queer, awful dream. He remembered bringing the doctors stealthily in, and becoming conscious of a faint odor — sickening, sweet, overpowering — that fillod tlio room immediately aftorward, of holding his sister tight in his arms in the adjoining chamber whilo something terrible was going on inside there, and during an agonizing ten sion of his nerves, later on, hearing a terriblo cry burst from tho lips of poor Max. - 'Gracious God I' lio groanod, 'whoso work was this ? ' ' Mine I' said Merry. ' Did you think I would lot you dio ?' It would have takon ' n stronger man than Max to have turned away from that beautiful, earnest, pallid' faco now caressingly close to his own. Tom looked on in spoeclilesa and rant dismay, remembering his father's perilous plight. Max remained dazed and bewildered, but after that first outcry made no complaint. The operation was eminently successful. The doctors rubbed their hands over it, and euloj] gized the system, tlio patient, each other, everything and everybody concerned. A speedy convalescence nnd radical riddance of the wholo disorder was prophesied. But days wont by — weeks — a month and mora and still Max lay under tho silken canopy, his faco as waxen and weak-veined as that of a sick inv fant, his eyes unnaturally bright and hollow, his hands feverish, and his whole aspect fit to strike terror to the hearts that remained steadfastly but despairingly fond. , ' Life is sweet, Tom,' Max said one day. ' I novor thought it could hold so much happi ness ; but you see, I can't, I must not live — it would bo too cowardly ; there's no other way out of it but to die. Would you see your in comparable sister tied for life to a pauper and . a cripple — the wife of a one-legged flag-man at a railway crossing, or accompanying his efforts with a hurdy-gurdy upon a tambourine ? Then remember the desperate condition of your father. My good Tom, it is a hopeless case.' It was a long speech for poor Max. Great beads started out on his forehead, and his voice had sunk to a whisper before ho was half through with it. But it told the whole story. ' Wo might take Merry's monoy into con sideration,' said Tom, then paused, remomjior ing the insufficient quantity thero was to take. Tom plunged his hands doepor into hiB hair, aud wished thero was a bank somewhere ad jacent and he was an A 1 tip-top burglar with an clastic conscience. Ho felt positive that only a few thousand dollars would develop tho mine to suoh an oxtent that another leg would be a superfluity to Max. Ono magnificent morning in June, Nature was at her happiest, at her best. Tho long windows of Max's chamber were opened to the full ; tho branches of tho sycamores tem pered tho rays of the sun and subdued the frolic of the breeze. A celestial silence reigned in tho garden below, where tho tulips blazed, tho pinks exhaled spioy odors, stiff parterres of blossoms wero mado wanton by ' bees and butterflies, and palo phantoms of statues were robed and relieved by a prodigality of reflected :olor and shade ; the birds sang, the bees hum med, all in an under-tono of dreamy delight. But the palo lips of Max broke into an old rhyme that somewhat marred the volqptuous lase of the moment : Oil, to think my namo is erossod b'rom duty's muster-roll — I'hat I may slumbor through tho clarion call, V.ul live tlio joy of an embodied soul, L'Yeo as a liberated ghost I Ob, to feel a lifo of deed v Was emptied out to feeu. ' L'hdt firo of pain that burned so brief a whilo — I'hat firo from which I come as tho dead come Forth from tlio irrqpnrablo tomb !' ? Two human beings in the next room looked - it each othoi'in speechless dismay. Tom ;hook his head, and lot it fall, with a gesture 3f despair, upon his hand again ; aud Merry, to control her nerves picked up a paper that liad lain upon the table since the previous day. A. sealed letter, addressed by the same hand, liad remained there even longer. They were both from tho Western town where Mr. Fry was still sojourning. His grandmother bad died in the interim, which palliative calam ity threatened further complications and n lon ger delay. Merry opened the paper and read it with her. eyes alono ; tho nerve that connect id the organ of vision with her brain was dor- ? mnnt and paralyzed. Tho advertisements, boing in largery print, she read first. Presontly lier eyes fell upon the following ; 'If tho tall, brown-whiskered gontloman who, on the evening of tho 18th of March, leaf the depot at ? r, rescued an old lady irom being run ovfir, and immediately after ward, with hia companion, took the train east ward, will communicate with H. K. Fry, so licitor, I10 will hear ot something greatly to his idvantage.' Morry read this over several times, some times repeating tho words half aloud to get their meaning, hor eyes gradually gaining in telligence and expression. Then sho turned to the neglected letter and broko tho seal. Her hands trembled, and her lips parted eagor y. Sho drifted over tho letter till she reached .lie following passage : ' And this, dear Ameri :a, is the story the absurd old lady told : that while crossing tho street she stumbled, nnd a vaggon rattling down- the hill would havo in ivitably gone over her had it not beon for this .all deliverer, who seized her in his arms and larried her to the corner ; that ho wns himselS itruck by tho pole of the waggon, but appar rnlly unhurt, took tho eastward train. And to illis mythical knight,' added Mr. Fry, ' my ;randmother has left ono-half her money and ler share in tho mine. TJie money alone will imountto sixty thousand;dollar3. But I doubt f he can bo found very soon, and in the mean vliilo I ain tho executor and administrator of ;ho estate.' Merry's eyes had dilated to an enormous sxtont ; n crimson flame burned in hor oheok. l'ho lo'ttor and newspaper she clutched in hor land, and striding over to Tom, touched him ipon the shoulder. Tom looked up and was startled to find this magnificent face glaring lown upon liim. Merry thrust tho paper into his hand, and pointed to tho solicitor's ldvertisement. Tom read, and the paper be ;an to rattlo in his fingers. Then Merry pushed the open letter upon the paper; and pointed to tho interesting paragraph. Tom road, and his faco grow palo as ashes. Ha shortly arose to his feet, to the ends of his ? toes, and lifting the letter abovo his head, went pirouetting around the room, singing in in effective undertone this touching refrain : ' I got broko at playing poker, 'l'hreo of a kind 1 ' This powerful tonic had to be adminiatered to Max in small doses ; but we must refer the reader for thqjiequel to this story to an issue af the BarnSvillo Chronicle some months later on. It was a lengthy bit of eloquence, sut the pith of it consisted in the informa tion that tho bridal excursion of the happy pair — which was in rather a barren direotion 'or a convalescent, however — includod a sug jestivc visit to a prosperous mino, and that ilie solo party who accompanied them was 'our esteemed fellow-townsman Thomas rofferson Barnes, Esq., the brother ol the iride.' — Harper's Weekly. , 