Tamzin's Choice. The Trevenna men, having completed their work of rescue, hurried to their homes again. These scenes were of too frequent occurrence to cause a great excitement, hut in Pascho's house there was no going to bod that night ; and John Kernick, as he walked unheedingly over the high land that skirted the coast, seemed, like Cain of old, to defy the elements. Terrible is man's re- morse, and so awful waB it to John Kernick that io could not think of the leBBor evil that had come upon him, though in a way ho was all the while conscious of it. He had killed his rival ay, aud by his own words to TaniEin he had for ever lost all chance of her love. Once he passed ty the slate quarries, and had ho not known every inch of tho way he might have easily slipped over tlie black gulf which bordered the path. For one moment Kernick thought he would end life and his remorse by throwing himself down one of the black pits, but he dared not face death and eternity with this burden on bis conscience, no, even though he now and then half fancied that he himself was the Trogeaglo whose story he knew BO well ; surely his sins would find him out, and the Devil claim his soul if he died that night just as he had claimed Tregeagle's spirit ab his death. It was morning before the wretched man came back, as it were, to his right senses. Looking around he saw that he was not BO very far from Trevenna. An irresistible desire onze more to seo Tamzin possessed him ; he would again hear from her lip3 her hatred of him and of his deed, and then he would leave the country and go beyond seas. But with the daylight came humbler feelings, and the strong man, who had not prayed for years, lifted up his heart to God and asked that his punishment might be on earth, and not in the after life. If, as was certainly the case, the Devil had that night fought for the soul of John Ker- nick, the man's good angel had f ought also aud pad prevailed, Almost spent with misery and exertion, John Kerniek, footsore and terribly haggard, btood be- fore the Ilichards's cottage that morning just as the familiar village sights and sounds were be- ginning to wake up, for they were early folk in Trevenna, despite the night's excitement. Old Richards himself was ODening his shutters, or what acted as such in^a place where thieves were not thought of, and looking round he perceived Jehn Kernick standing by his side. " Welcome back, my son," said the old man, | nodding. " Where hast been all night ? It was a bare chance for^thee yester eve, they say. I've been seeing one of your men, who told me all about it ; he came hore looking for you." The ordinary tone did much towards restoring John's presence of mind. " How's Tamzin ? * he said slowly, though he found it hard to speak her name. " I 'heard Tamzin a-coming down just now ; maybe she's ¡in the back :room. Go in, my son ; my old woman's abed to-day with the rheumatiz, so I'm the stay of the house -, but Sally Rogers I gave us a helping hand last night-a kind soul is Sally, but she's gone homo now." i John Kenrick did not hear half these little homely words ; he only took in that Tamzin \ras in the back room alone. He would go and see her, and then fly for ever from Trevenna. He walked slowly across tho shop and opened the inner door, and there sat Tamzin by the window, her baok to him, gazing out, with a terribly sad altered face, on the tiny glimpse of the distant sea which was there visible. The raging waves had calmed themselves $ they were ^ now but " white horses" sweeping majestically in towards the land. The girl did not look round till John Kernic« said in a low voice : He expected her to turn upon him as he knew well that an angry woman could do, and he meant to bear her reproaches patiently, but instead of this Tamzin almost wearily put her hand on his arm. . *' John Kernick, I am glad you're como. I've been wanting to see you, just to say one thing. I acted wrong by you 5 if you sinned (and that shall be betwoen you and mo for over) I, too, sinned terribly. Forgivo nie, John ; last night I saw my heart as it was, in reality. I have boen proud and vain all my life. I gave my word to a ,man as touched my pride, but all the same I loved another-him as had been waiting for me so long ; him as"-her voice faltered-" 1 shall see in Heaven, John Kernick, and fer whom I must wait till I die. Give me back my word, John; it has only brought evil on us both. Ah, John, I followed his corpso laBt night, and i my heart seemed to go straight out of me into his grave, and that's how it will be till the end." " There's no maid aB need marry-a murderer," Baid John, slowly, not daring to look up. ""I'll never wed in this life. I came but to bid thee good-bye, Tamzin. I am going beyond tho seas. You'll sometimes speak--" .'Hush!" said Tamzin "There's some one talking in the shop. Goad-by, John Kernick. I can't shake your hand-not now, not yet ; but mayhap some day, when I'm an old woman." Neither of them noticed that tho door was quietly opened behind them ; neither of them for a few seconds was aware of any one entering, till suddenly there came the words " John Kernick, I've not come to disturb ye, but only just to shake hands wi' ye.. We must never have hard words again after last night's work. Shako hands, man ! The Lord forbid you and I should have any bitter fooling atween us." Tamain stood paralysed, for there before her was Pascho-nay, not Pascho, bub his wraith, who had come to forgive John Kornick and to «how her how to forgivo. John also was too much surprised to tako the hand that was stretched out to him. " Pascho, is it you and not your ghost ?" cried Tamzin, brave a3 usual, suddenly seizing his hand. " Pascho, speak to me 1 I thought you were dead." " Nay, nay, Tamzin, I ¿was saved ; 'twas the poor sailor as was drowned. But had it not been the Lord's will, I would fain have taken his place, save for my mother's sake. She and my sister were sore troubled whan they brought me home well-nigh spent. But I'm that strong a bit of a wetting is nothing to me." Pascho, feeling Tamzin's hands clasped round his arm, was warming up to his subject. He thought that even to see this look on her sweet face it was good he had lived. ' After all, she did care a bit for him, if not in that way. But he was hardly prepared for Tamzin-proud Tamzin -bursting into tears, and saying " Thank God, a thousand times, Pascho, that you're not dead. John Kernick, give him your hand j there'll never be any words betwixt you again." < " God helping me, never," said John Kernick, wringing the quarryman's hand aa if he would wring it off. Pascho did not know, was never to know, what his life was to John, for it brought a happiness far better and higher than his death would have done. As there was forgiveness for the repentant thief on the cross, so surely ÍB there for the contrite murderer, or for the one whom God has saved j from the natural result of his own wickedness. " Ay, ay, Pascho Fuge, there'll never be any more words betwixt us. Tamzin, let mo tell him, don't be afraid of mo any more. Tamzin's found out nB it's you UB she loves, and wo'vo agreed be- tween us it's best so. If I have loved her, why so have you, and more truly, too, and may God forgive all our mistakes ! I'm going now ; but just tell me, Pascho, how was you saved ?" " They were hauling up the rope, when it got cut agen the rocks, and I fell back. I gave my- self over then for lost as I was well-nigh spent, when juBt by me they flung down another rope with a loop in J,it. God gave me strength to slip it round me, for I should never have had power to hold on to it j and so they hauled me in much as if I had been a log. But what's this, Tamzin -it ain't true, be it ?" " Ay, man, it's true enough," said John Ker niok, dashing away a tear from his eye) "and jou're worthy on ber, Pascno, God bless tJjeo I" # # # # * # After al J, my tale ends with a wedding $ hut it was not the Tamzin of old that Pascho vowed to love for ever : out of his suffering he had reaped something better than the handsomest bride in Trevenna. The girl was changed from the night of the shipwreck ; a humbled, God-fearing woman was Tamzin, who proved, to be a useful, devoted wife, though some accused her of having lost her old spirit. Pascho never saw any fault in her, and, what waa more, she never saw any in him rather an uncommon result of matrimony. Only one secret, did Tamzin ever keep from her hus- band, and that was how "the rope was cut which had so nearly cost him his life. And John Kernick ? He never left the country, but he, too, was an altered character. His old companions jeered him about losing his sweet- heart, and told him he should have been able to cut ont a man like Pascho Fuge ; but ho never an- swered any of the. pleasantries, and by degrees he became what his neighbours, called "terribly religious." Intime he took to preaching, and never wearied of visiting those lonèly- parts of the country where other men feared to'go. Tears after he inherited a little fortune, and settled at Trevenna, where Tamzin's children loved no one better than " big Uncle Kernick." ' THE END. 