THE 'BUNYIP' LIBEL CASt! ? o ? — Adelaide Police Court, Atsxl 16. SOLOMON v. LINKLATER. This was a case in which the plamtiff Samuel Moss Solomon, charged the defen dant,' Fred. Harvie Linklater, solicitor, of Adelaide, and William Barnet, of Gawler, publisher, -with the publication of an alleged defamatory libel contained in the 'Town Talk' column of the Bunyip on March 23. Mr. Wade and Mr. Cox for the plaintiff, and Mr Villeneuve Smith and Mr. Mat- thews for the defendant. The alleged libel -was as follows : — ' Some considerable time ago when piratical oper-bouffe was all the rage at the Theatre Boyal, and legs and champagne used occasionally to b in a glorioni state of mix behind the scenes, a dai&^bat-tigiit-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of ' sheeing ehomething for notingB, ma tear.'^ Witu this and in view the gentleman (?) in ques tion, after aome little exertion and no small expenditure of finger nails, attained an airy smd* advantageous position on the roof of Mr. Macdonald's Btabling, from which van tage ground he had an uninterrupted view of the undraped window of the room wherein certain undraped young ladies were in a habit of ' Bocturnally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight until in ftn ill-atarred moment a brother tom-cat up HftWJ hia voice in a minor kev at his elbow ! The sound attracted tlite attention of a more than usually undraped nymph, and a terriisc scream - announced to the hapless intruder that hb dazzling shirt- front and glittering diamond studs bad been 'spotted!' Un nerved and gasping he hung by a waterspout and finger tips,~from which perilous position he waa rescued by the stage-manager and property-man. But bis troubles had only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their victim, and had him too ! They took him to their dreseing-room, and, having plentifully bMprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their ready powder puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion, tne Goldman raised his eyes and his hands, and exclaimed, ' Holy Moses ! ish datjLghOator a rolling-pin ? . . . Now, yon wonld hardly credit it, but this young gentleman ris a member of the Artillery Force of South Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of com missioned officer, and to mix with gentlemen. Of eoune, : after the above narrative every one^will know what for 1' . Mr.''Smitn said in order to shorten the proceedings he proposed, with his learned friend's consent, to ask the bench to at once dismiss an unnecessary enquiry as to air. Baraet, on the very highest authority in this country. ' * He then produced a letter to the : proprietor of the Bvmyip, demanding the name of the writer, and giving a week for reply. Mr. Smith said he could show that the week of grace had been extended, and he therefore asked for the dismissal of Mr. Barnet. He quoted the case of H. £. Downer v. T. King and W. V. Smith, June 3, 1876. Mr. Wadey— What Smith ? We do not agree upon the facts. _ We deny that there w&s; any extension of time. Mr. Smith proceeded to read the case, and pointed out that in the particu ar case quoted a letter of similar character to that referred to was produced in the case, and tht rule ae far as Air. King was concerned was dis charged on the point. Mr. JJ^adey denied that there was any un« fairn«BB in the case, and explained what had passed between counsel and the parties in tin; yiGBcuu iiuci utw. .uariiGL iguureu me second, letter sent after the time of grace had expired. However, he proposed to withdraw an far as Barnet was concerned. Mr. Smith — Then why did you not say so before. The case against Linklater proceeded. M, J. Stapleton, of Gawler, bootmaker, produced a copy of the Bunyip containing the alleged libel; and sent it down to Mr. Solomon. Mr. Smith — Is it not a nasty thing for any man to watch women dressing in whatever sphere of -life they might be, whether they be tambour majors or minors. Witness— It is a matter of taste. It would not be my taste* Mr. Smith— And you a preserver of soles 1 (Laughter.) Witness— I purchased a copy of the paper, and sent it to Sir, M. J. Solomon when he wrttejor a copy. Did not know Mr. Solo mon at the time, nor did he know why Mr. Solomon wrote to him. Was not sure about the initials of the writer, but thought they «rere'M.J.» Moss Samuel Solomon, the prosecutor. said— 1 am clerk to Mr. Raphael. Received the Bunyip of March 23, and handed it to Mr. Cox, the solicitor. Am also sergeant in B battery, Port Adelaide Battery, and am of the Hebrew persuasion. Mr. Beddome asked why the latter ques tion was asked. Mr. Wadey said it was the way the prose cutor was referred to in the article. Witness continued — There are only about four Jews in the artillery, and only three in the one I belong to. Major Solomon is the only Hebrew commissioned officer, and there are two Hebrew gunners. I have lately undergone an examination for a commission -yon Marcn z». i nad sent in my applica tion three weeks before. I cannot remember the date of the application for examination. I have read the article. (Mr. Wadey put in the paper and the article was read.) My attention was drawn to the article on March 27\. The last paragraph refers to myself. Received the letter produced from Colonel Matthews. (The letter stated that the prose cutor could not be recommended for a com mission after what had passed.) I have been refused a commission. By Mr. Smith— I have been in the force six years. I do not know the 'six officers.' I knovrLena Carey and Lena Gray. I have not boasted that I have been more than in timate with them. Mr. Smith — Wha would you say of a man who looked through a window at undressing females ? Witness —I should say that that he ought to be horsewhipped. I have been chaffed abo u being ch« person referred to in the Bulletin some time ago. The name Solomon did not occur in the Bulletin It was about two years ago. xne ladies reierred to as the 'six officers' were here then. Mrs. Ford was one of them. She is here now. I did not ask her to say it was someone else. Mr. Smith — Did you not tell a person named Isaacs. Is Isaac going to offer himself as an oblation for Solomon's sins? It was Abra ham in the old time ; now it is Isaac. (Laughter) At this stage of the proceedings all wit nesses were ordered to leave the court. Witness continued — I did not. Never heard Mrs. Ford mention the circumstance of any one watching the ladies dressing. I asked her about it. She was a child when I knew her first, and 1 thought she could clear my name, as she, being connected with the stage might have seen the affair. There arc very few others besides her here who were connected with that opera. I do not know whether Mrs. Ford was the one that screamed. I did not look through the win dow. Mrs. Ford used to be Sophia Harris. Mr. Smith — Can you say whether she was present when a young man and a tom-cat were looking through at nude f e a, ales ? Wit n£$Hr|?o, I .oannotj. Jdiduot kaow any thing al out the puff powdering. She told me what she knew about it, and T got a letter from her, since- the article. She said nothing about Isaacs in the letter. I did not suggest Isaacs. I know a bookmaker named Isaacs ; he was not the Isaacs. (The letter from Mrs. Ford was nroduced, and to the effect that Mr. Solomon was not the gentleman who was discovered at the Theatre Royal on the occasion.) Mr. Wadey sought to put the letter in. Mr. Smith said it wasa very good Waddy, but not good law.. The letter was not evi dence. ;Mr. Beddome said he could not see how the letter could be put in. Witness — The letter was handed to me b- Mrs. Ford's mother Mr. Smith — Who talked to you about Isaacs aud not Solomon being powdered ? Witness — Jome one said it was Isaacs. The lady said she thought it was. I did not suggest Isaacs to her. When I spoke to her 1 asked her if it was I, and she said ' No.' If she knew the person, or if she would know the name if she heard it I suggested the name of Isaacs, and she said ' Yes.' It was not Isaacs the bookmaker. I came to the conclusiou that that was the person by the description. Mr. Smith — You do not mean the Isaac who was offered up and the ram saved 1 (Laughter.) Witness— I am not bound to say who the person was. I Lad several Isaacs in my mind. I meanta young fellow employed at Isaacs' place in Hindley-street. He is the son of a Mr. Isaacs, who was a clothier at one time. I believe his name is Michael Isaacs. From Mrs. Ford's description she meant the same person. a went to several oi me lneauc hands, and they gave me the same descrip tion, but did not mention Isaacs. I would not swear that they did not. Last time I saw Isaacs was when he was going away in a steamer for either Melbourne or Sydney. (Mr Smith — ' I thought it was an Isaacs who bad gone away.') I cannot remember the date. It was not eight years before I knew ' Mrs. Ford as' a child. It was as near as I can about three months ago. I had not dis coverod then that he was the man who was powdered and puffed. The article in the Bulletin was that the person whose name proclaimed him to be of the Jewish persua sion had done what was described. It was a month afterwards, and might have been the following week. I was chaffed by my mili tary friends about it within two or three weeks afterwards in the Military Club. The oniy person I took notice of it to was Ser geant -Major Lilly white, I treated it as a joke. They did not seek to test whether there were any marks left by the adies on my body. Did not remember being handled while I was being chaffed at the Club. Wonld swear that any - such thing was not done. I very seldom get drunk. Do not remember having shown the photograph of » person of bad repnte whom I wished to take to take to a party to be given l-y the Military Club. I remember there was a sur plus after a ball. Tbe members agreed to spend the money in a dinner, and each of ficer was to bring a lady. The person pro posed was not of bad character. Do not know if the motiou brought in was to exclude this person- May have boasted of having had connection with prostitutes an«i others. May have done so for a lark. Have been called l-y the nickname of 'B Battery Ram ' I sup the Blackguard bittery ram you maan. Why I don:t know. Have boasted ofci owing one or two of the ladies known as the ' six officers ' Will not swear I have no* boasted o fhaving had improper intimacy with them. The article in the Bunyip was read in the Non-Caminissioned Officers' Club in i*y hearing. Did not adopt it with signs of pleasure. Those present thought it referred to me- This was after the case was in my solicitors' hands I did not take steps with regard to the article in the Bulletin, because there was no direct reference to me. Can swear the name of Solomon was not men tioned. It did not rememcer to a person in the volunteers. Have altered the appen dages to my face two or three times. Some time ago I had small side whiskers. The having them taking off did not make more like the Isaacs who has gone way. I did not get on the roof of Mr. MacDonald's stable to look through at the young ladies. Was never powdered by them. Don't know whether I saw the '* Tambour Major' here. Was never inside the dressing-room. Uever tried to see them dressing. Denied having done so to my comrades. Have contradicted the statement in the Bunytp to Sergeant Li lywhite. May have passed it oS as a joke to Sergeant Stacey, I know Lena Grey. If she says I was the one who looked through the window she tells an untruth. Colonel Downes, Commandant of Forces of South Australia, dfmnsp.d — T\\\ri Tint recognise the complainant in plain clothes. Sergeant Moss L Solomon, of B Battery Artillery, did apply for a commission in the artillery within the last two or three months. Had seen the article in the Bun yip of March 23. It referred to three persons. The first portion referred to Ser geant Solomon, of the artillery (B Battery) ; the second portion to Lieutenant Daniels, of Adelaide Rifles ; and the third part to Captain Curtis, of the Adelaide Rifles. The commission was refused to Sergeant M. I. Solomon, but he had passed his ex amination, though he had not yet been recommended by witness to the Govern ment because of the article in questi on. By Mr. Smith — If any member of the force had acted in the way indicated in the article lie would deem it a favour to know it, but did not care being informed anonymously. Would have it from such a source rather than not know it at all. A few days before the article was shown to him complaints referring to the same mat ter with regard to informant were made to witness. Should say that was previous to Good Friday. Benjamin Solomon, major commanding x- catiery, statea tuat ne knew the prose cutor, who held the position of sergeant in the same battery. He applied through witness for a lieutenancy. The article hi question, which he had read, referred to Sergeant Solomon. By Mr. Smith— If a junior officer knew that a mau in the bat tery was guilty of the conduct referred to be should communicate the fact to his superior officer. -*eorge CahiII, stage-carpenter at the Theatre Royal for fourteen or fifteen years, deposed that he remembered the ' Tambour-Major' troupe performing at the Theatre, and remembered that he heard of a man looking from a roof at the girls dressing. Witness brought the man in, he being giveu into his hands by McDonald's ostler, and he was put into the room by Mr. Earwood, and afterwards given into charge. Knew the complainant, and he was not the man as he now is. By Mr. Smith — It occurred about two years ago, and at the end of the second act. The inau appeared a little lame, aud witness caught him iu the yard. Dropping from the reof might have caused the lame' ness. Sophy Ford, married wornau, slated that her husband was wardrobe mauager at the Theatre Royal. Was engaged at the Theatre when the ' Tambour- Major' troupe were performing here. Remem bered the circumstance of a man getting on to McDonald's roof. The man was whltwfcsJted.. (laughter.^ ft took place in the property-room. All the ladies of the opera were there. Looked on the same as the rest. Had an opportunity of noticing the man . Knew Mr. Solomon. He was not the man. Had known him five or six years. He used to reside near witness's house. By Mr Smith — Was a child five or six years ago. Was engaged as au officer in the Theatre on the night in question. A man looked through, a window, not through hers. Never saw a man or a tom-cat on the roof. Was dressed as an officer at the door of the property-room. The whitewashing was in the property-room. Did not know what part of it. There were eight officers at the door. Saw quite well. The officers were all crushed together close to the door. All who could get down were there. Did not hear the victim, say anything. Knew who it was. Never had his name sug gested to me. Mr. Solomon never sug gested the name Isaacs. Knew the gentle man's name was Isaacs. Solomon cacne and asked if she would give him a letter. He said there was a scandal against him, and showed the article in the liunyip, and asked if I knew the gentleman. Believed Isaacs was here, fcaw his brother or him self on Saturday night, the 14th. Had no conversation with him about this matter. The brothers are much alike. Have seen them separately. Did not know the name of the one who was white washed. Solomon came and saw her twice about tbe letter. He came once tor the letter. Had only conversed once about it. Had not told Solomon of having seen the man who was whitewashed, fraw the ruan in question pass the stage-door whitewashed, Annie Smith, single woman, stated that she was engaged at the Theatr-e' Royal during the performance of the '* Tambour Major' troupe. Kemernijered. the circum stance of a man on McDonald's stable roof. tie was powdered in one of the rooms downstairs. Took no part in it. Saw it done ; saw the man. The com plainant was not the man. By Mr Smith — Was a chorus singer that evening, unly knew the whitewashed man simce he was powdered. There were many people in the property- room. The gentlemeu did the powdering. lhey had commenced powdering him when she saw him first. Saw him last Saturday night. Would swear she either saw him or Ms ghost. Ujd not know who pointed him out. Was walking with. Airs Ford. Saw no one about the case before the subpoena came. A reporter pointed out Isaacs on Saturday night. Only Knew Soloinon by sight to day. [iVir Cox here put in a letter from the defendant, dated April 5, as follows :] ' Victoria Chambers, Fiinder- street, April 5, 1883 ' Messrs. Wadey & Cox, Solicitor j. ' Dear Sirs — In answer to your letter of to-day I beg leave to correct your statement that I made a conditional offer on behalf of Mr. Barnet to give up the name of his cor respondent. The condition inserted in my letter was no more than the one implied in your own of the 27th, namely, that if Mr. Barnet disclosed the name of his correspon dent he would oe freed from the proceedings which vou threatened in case he did not do so. Aj y embodiment of that condition was so superfluous that I now dispense with its repetition, and as Mr. Barnet's attorney com ply with your original request, for which compliance you extended the time in your interview with me and Mr. Matthews. I now therefore announce to you that the town correspondent of the Bunyip, who writes under the name of * Pelts, ' aud who wrote the article of March 23, was myself, and I beg leave to add that an account of the oc currence in the rear of the Theatre was pub lished in the Bulletin some two years ago, and Mr. Solomon, your client, was there named as the hero. I desire also to add that I myself witnessed the whole affair, includ ing the punishment inflicted by the ladies, and was an an? used speetator of the ghostly result. If your client, animated after two years by a sudden access of self-respect, is so ill-advised as to proceed, I shall have no hesitation in proving the above facts, and that your client has admitted them; And I have no hesitation in saying from my know ledge of the army and volunteers (in a dis tinguished corps of which I have served) that it was a matter of the highest iinport tance to the force and to the public that highly respectable citizens who undertake to defend their country should not have such an officer annointed te lead them in the field without the force aud the pubac being both made well aware of it. — Yours truly, 'Fred. H. Linklater.' This closed the case for the prosecution. Mr. Smith then proceeded to argue that the charge should be dismissed, out tbe P. M. intimated that he considered there was a prima facia case, and he intended to send it on. The evidence was then proceeded with, Mr. Smith saying that he thought the Attorney-General would not file a bill. j E. T. Lillyw'iite, sergeant in the Volun teer Force, stated that he knew complainant. Remembered a paragraph appearing in the Bulletin some time ago. Had not read the extract from the Gawler paper. Chaffed Solomon about the paragraph which ap peared in the Bulletin eighteeu months or two years ago. Solomon did not deny tbe matter till lately. By Mr. Wadey — He con tradicted tbe statement about a month or six weeks a.uo. Did not hear Solomon con tradict the statement in the presence of Ser geant Thornton. Fred. Harvey Linklater, barrister-at-'aw, said — I was town correspondent for the Gaw ler paper aud for the Era. Two years ago was Editor of the Bulletin. Wrote the paragraph m the Bmiyip on the authority of my own eyesight. Before writing it had a canimunication as editor of a paper, com paining of the man. Had no doubt in my own miud as to its being Solomon. Twenty months or two years ago, while the ' Tam bour-Major' troupe was playing, I, as Editor of the Bulletin, had a free efdrec to the Theatre, aud on one occasion was standing close to the stage-door during a performance. I heard some one call ont something about a man on the roof, and saw a man go to the door of MacDonald's stableyard, which is close to the stage-door. Followed him to the door, and saw coinp ainant brought round by a man in his natural condition. He was taken past me through the stage door. I drew back to let him pass. He was in there some time, and I wa ked to the foot of the stage-stairs. Some little time after he came out all white, and I again had a clear sight of him. I swear positively it wtkS the complainant. Published the facts in the Bulletin. [Witness then read a por tion of the letter previously put in by Mr. Cox, stating that Mr Solomon's name was mentioned in the Bulletin as the hero in the adventure in question, he being mentioned as Ai oses Solomon or Solomon Moses. Mr. Wadey objected to names being mentioned, and His Worship upheld the objection.] Ii^ was a matter of notoriety that complainant was applying for promotion in rank at the tima the paragraph appeared in the Bunyip. 15y Mr. Wadey — Have had communications re this matter from Lieutenant Smith. Be lieve it was after writing the alleged libel. Did not hold a commission in the other colony. Was in the 'Devil's Own' (a J-on don. Applied to Colonel Downes to go up for a commission, but I withdrew it. There was no hint that the application would not be acceded to. I was told that I should have to show that I had held a commission in the other force. Had not seen complain ant before the night in question. George Wiliiam Stacey stated that he was an ex-sergeant of the Volunteer Force. Had lately heard him joked about looking at girls dressing and being punished by powder ing. Never heard him deny it. Witness obiected t.n a, lariv wVinm f.ntnnlainanf. ivishprl to bring to a dinner. By Mr. Wadey — Prosecutor rather seemed to glorify in the the chaff about having' looked through the window at the girls dressing. Believed Lilliwhite was present when the bauter was going on. Complainant took the chaff in good part, and recounted other similar cir cumstances. He seemed to thoroughly en joy the matter. Joseph Berry, brigade sergeant-major in the Volunteer Force, said he' knew Solomon and had heard him chaffed in the Noncom msssioned Officers' C-ub in reference to an article in the Bulletin He was called the ' ladies' man,' and got cross sometimes, by Mr. VVadey— Did not know that Solomon was referred to in the paragraph in the Bul letin. Have heard him deny that he was the person, and he was chaffed all the more. Believe that Sergeant Stacey was present when the contradiction was made Have heard that Sergeant Thornton was a member of the band in the Theatre, but did not remember complainant apyea ing to him. illiain Wilkinson, a ueuteuaut iu the vounteers, deposed that he formerly drew the cartoons in the Bulletin Heard the affair of t,he man being caught ou the rouf talked of iu the saloon ? u the same night Next morning coinmuuicated with tuo defen dant. This closed .the defence, and defendant was commuuiitted for tiial, bail being al lowed in his owu recogmzances of £51) and two sureties of £25 each wdich was im diately forthcoming. 