GENERAL NEWS. A magnificent sample of the native bread fruit, 161b in weight, was found by a Mr. Woodman, in the Rob Boy paddock, Gordon, last week. The Sydney correspondent of the World telegraphing on the 9th inet. says : — " Hun dreds of people visit nightly a supposed ghost on the cliffs near Newcastle. The only way the phenomenon is to be accounted for. is that it is the result of phosphoric or other gases escaping from a coal seam. The pheno menon is in the form of a hnman being, and appears on the face of the cliffs, and moves in a strange fashion." The Horsham. Times says : — " Mr. C. E. Layh, who, since the departure of Mr. Bow man, has been in charge of the Horsham Gasworks, has been appointed manager, and Mr. E. C. Rogers permanent secretary. Shareholders will, no doubt, be interested to team wav cue managcmcuv ui ui« wuiab ad bring carried on very economically, and that the income last month met the actual working expenses. " Telegraphing from Terangonthe9th inst., the Argus correspondent says : — " The con tract for the erection of the memorial church atNoorat, to the memory of the late Hon. Niri Black, has been let to a Ballarat con tractor for the earn of £1950. — It is stated that at the reoent eleotion for Yilliera, several yonths under 21 years of age exer cised the elective franchise, and it is confidently believed that an investigation might have the effect of reverting the result of the recent election." The Horsham Times is sorry to learn that Cr. Philip, one of the representatives for the West Biding in the Wimmera Shire Council, does not intend to remain in the Council for long. Mr. Philip 'has purchased property in the Hamilton district, and removes thither in a few months. In August next be wfll retire from the Council, though hu term of counrillorebip would not expire till twelve months after that date. Mr. Philip's departure will be regretted in the Council and ont oi it, lor his gentlemanly manner has earned for hhn many friends. Our Wickliffe correspondent reports that "a fair approximation of the results of the orops in th" district can now be arrived at, as, with very few exceptions, the threshing is completed. The average for oats may now be eet down at about 25 bushels, and wheat at about 27 bnBhris to the acre. Very little barley waa produced this year, and the average toiib about 17 bushels, while hay 'averages three and a quarter tons for the same area. The quality of all crape has been considerably reduced by the violent torms of about three weeks ago, which in some places did damage to a large amount." The water trains run by the Government in the early part of 1882 cost the country £4,600, exclusive of the cost of tanks. In this way 2,179,200 gallons of water were supplied, Trains ran on the Dnthoola line trom Iztn upru so aacu may, supplying 258,000 gallons of water, at a cost of £406 12b 10d. On the Inglewood line 561,600 gallons of water were supplied, t & eogt qf £1190 17s 5d- 4)n the Donald una 5" were cortri £2527 las — on the Nnmurkah line the water carried amounted to 610,800 gallons, the cost being £276 14s 3d. The South Eastern Star announces the un timely death of Mrs. A Sutton, wife of Mr. Anthony Sutton, of Dismal Swamp Station, and daughter of Mr. James O'fiirily, of Steepbank Station. She was also grand- daughter to Mr. Owen O'Reilly, ol Wondo Vale Station, near Gaeterton. Deceased has been indisposed for some weeks, and not withstanding the unremitting care and atten tion bestowed by kind relations and friends, aided by medical skill, she snoenmbed on Wednesday last to cirrhosis of the liver. The business places . in Mount Gambler were partially closed on Thursday ae a token of respect to deceased. The Bishop of Ballarat, Dr. Thornton, who is how on a visit to England, having for its object the collection of funds for pro moting the work of his diocese, appears (says the. Argus) to be desirous of coming forward jn the character Of another Peter the Hermit... At a meeting, held at Exeter recently in Tavour of the London Society for Promoting Christianity among the Jews, the Bishop of Ballarat iB reported to have said that'theTorkWas surely the abomination which makes .desolate. , "Ifed sometimes," exclaimed His Lordship, that if there were BbfDe cnisade to eweep the Turk from off the Awe of the earth, XwonH, for a time, put off ny robe,bnckle a sword on my ride, swing a gun to tny ehonlder, («dgo end help that The Governor-General of -Canada has juBt been informed by despatch from the Secretary f State for tire Colonies that the Queen will not be advised to exercise her power of dis allowance in respect of the Act legalising marriage with a deceased wife's sister, recently passed in that colony. This Act is consequently now in force, mid assuming the total area of Her Majesty's dominions fa> be, as estimated, 8,98% 177 square miles, marriage with a deceased wife's sister is absolutely legal over an extent of 6,678,292 square milra of British territory, conditionally legal over 2,183,124 square miles, and still positively illegal over only 120,761 square miles. The Blackwood correspondent of the Star writes: — "On Monday last a grey mare, aged, belonging to the Messrs. Buchanan, general storekeepers, Red Hill, returned as usual from her rounds with her driver, but had had the misfortune during the day, to break part of one of her shoes from her foot, and the other part was left somewhat loose. On reaching home the boy took the boskets from her back, and entered the store, and when be came out again, to the astonishment of all, the mare had made tracks and was seen down the street with her head pro jecting over the lower door of the smith's shop, waiting, no donbt, to be shed." The Belfast correspondent of the Warr nambool Standard says: — Mr. C. E. Bell, successor to Mr. Wheeler, is beginning to work into his position as a pluralist, which is a little bewildering. The following is a list of his offices : — Collector of Cnstoms. Im- migration Agent, and Clerk in Charge, Re ceiver and Paymaster, Harbour Master, Chief of the Water Police, Commissioner for Receiving Affidavits, Electoral Registrar, Registrar of the County Court, Chief Clerk in Insolvency, Clerk of Petty Session, Deputy Sheriff Representative of Master in Equity, Castas retulorum, Marriage officer, Local Inspector of the Admiralty Charts, Inspector of Harbour Lights, Supervisor" of Landing Waiters, and Bonded Warehouses, Ac. Who doesn't envy him ? A man in Masterton has a cork leg with patent springs, knee-cap movement, tensor and flexor action, and all the latest me chanical improvements. This individual suffers from rheumatism in his natural leg (not the cork one), so he went privately to Mr. Stephen, paid his two guineas, and sought the aid of " the heaven-gifted healer," Being slightly " tight" on the occasion of his visit, he nnfortnnately stnek out the wrong leg to be treated, and — the rheumatism was cured I At bedtime the man essayed to take off his cork leg, but alas I the leg had gone all wrong— it wouldn't unscrew or come off at all. The magnetism, or the passes, or the red flannel, or the magnetised oil, or the prayers— or all combined, had bedevilised that cork leg altogether. _ A perfect triumph of mechanical skill and was com pletely ruined. The " flexors and extensors" and " the patent knee-cap movement" were completely done for. The afflicted man swore roundly, took another big drink, and went to bed, cork leg and all. He is there still (says the Wairapapa Standard), and vows to sue Milner Stephen in the Supreme Court to recover heavy damages for the loss of the use of hie patent cork leg. 