MRS. BAEYERTZ AT LAURA. Evangelistic work has recontly been brought prominently before the public in many forms. The church going people in the city and elsewhere have been loud in their praises concerning the abilities of YclllOUS tlliLl LJGll UlUlIiCU uOOj YllQ IldVc paid them a visir, and who, no doubt, have left behind the evidence that their mission lias been one of blessing. A number of peo ple are to he found in the world ever ready to condemn the laudable endeavours of the weaker sex to bring about reform in man. They object to the lady in the pulpit, no matter what her abilities may be. Her pro per place is in the domestic circle ; she , should be an onlooker, not capable of expres sing an opinion ; and a tliousand-and-one ob jections are brought forth and showered down upon tlxc lady who dares to enter the public arena. Things are not what they used to be. At one time what was looked upon as a novelty, in the shape of a bonnet in the pulpit, is being made common and popular by the Salvation Army, the only difference being that we prefer calling a lad', a lady, rather than the slangy expression of Happy So- and- So. But whatever the differences may be in this respect, 'comparison is odious. When car- ried on earnestly by evangelistic work: is no doubt the great medium of bringing about a better state of tilings among our neighbours and judging from the encomiums which have been passed upon Mrs. Baeyertz I should say she is a successful evangelist. Laura is the place iu which Mr. Hiddlestone has been brought to task for making expressions, which, according to some people, were not in accord with their general ideas ; but not having had the pleasure of hearing this evan gelist I determined upon paying a visit to Mrs. Baeyertz. Accordingly on Sunday night last, I left in Gladstone all bias against a lady in the pnlpit, and proceeded to the Laura Institute, where I met a goodly crowd of people around the doors, some of whom, I noticed, eyed nie suspiciously. However, among the crowd I got inside, and a kind man gave me a seat and a book. The Institute Hall was literally thronged with people. Ou the platform was the Revs. Henderson and Weir, W. E. Gooilliffe, Esq., J.P., and S. N. Walter, Esq., J.P., Mayor of Laura. The collection was taken before Mrs Bayertz entered the hall. She has a very pleasant face, and may be said to be nice looking, with a deal of the Jewess about her. Her manner is indeed graceful, and her speech no one can object to. She is a correct speaker, and fluent. She dresses neatly, and has a very easy style, earnestness and deter mination are conspicuous traits in her char, acter. After the singing of a hymn she read some verses from the 3rd chapter of John, making comments thereon. She said they may think there were many musts in life, but God's must was the one they should listen to. The children haviug sung Ye Must be Born Again," Mrs. Bayerta spoke on the New Birth, saying she wished to only speak to them and not to preach. They could not go out of the hall as though it wa3 au entertainment, and the reason why was although they might have heard eminent preachers, yet she doubted whether ever before they heard a real converted Jewess. She was a living witness of one. A groat deal was said against women preach ing, and she was one who objected in a certain measure to it; hut God had com manded her to speak to the Gentiles. There was nothing in tlie whole Bible against women iu the pulpit. She here gave numerous instances of taking tho last message to Factory people, and in a touch ing manner which brought tears to the eyes of many, pictured death-bed scenes. She confined herself to the words " Ye Must be Born Again." She did not like the term " Son of God," because she had had much contro versy with the Unitarians on the point. Strange that she — a Jewess too — should he sent to preach to Gentiles; and to tell them how Nieodemus could not understand being born again. New birth was anew life. The unsaved did not possess that life. The seats m rue miu uau no xice, out uie trees naci iuo aud brought out i'o.iage. Just so was it with unconverted people, and their life would never take them to heaven. They could not teach lier what the world was. She knew it butter than any lady present. She once hated God, loving pleasure, hating Christians; and looked upon Ministers as a set of canting hypocrites — slic was an infidel; hut a time came and suddenly she lost her husband, sought God, became a changed person. Iu the Sth chapter Romans they read " the carnal mind (or mind of flesh) is enmity against God. It is not subject to the law of God, nor indeed can be." It meant that wo must be born again, before we got new life. We were not adopted children, so could take that word out of the Bible as ic did not appear in the original. She instanced a case of a grand ball at which the electric light was suddenly thrown upon the scene, and the ladies were so put to shame on seeing the paper flowers each other wore, the fearful daubs of paint on their cheeks, anil the general artificial get up that they all left suddenly ; and many there were if suddenly brought before God would desire to go back to hell. They all had hopes of going to heaven, but who is God 1 The only revelation they had of God is Christ. She was a Jewess, and they might say " Oh ! she's preaching only for money, take little heed hut she could tell them that only a little while ago she had a letter no ui iiui uiuciicLj mho is < wctiiuiiy mail offering to make her rich if she gave up preaching, but she refused it. She could get far more money were she to give up her mission, but she looked upon it as a duty coming from the author of the new Birth, the Third Person of the Trinity. There was a sin against the Holy Ghost which they all could commit, and which would place them beyond the power of God to save. It was a dreadful sin, they all knew what it was. It was that fearful rejection of salvation, always saying "No, no." There was a limit to God's forbearance, and she pleaded earnestly for the salvation of them all. She theu re ferred them to tho 12th verse of John, and said the reason why the Jews would not own Jesus was because he was a poor man, and they wanted a Prince or some great personage to come unto them. The following passages in Scripture she drew attention to, bearing on life, of which she gave a capital definition : — John, iii. 16 and 36., v. 21-. She said she was not the means of converting souls, but the Bible was, and if that was not true then God was a liar. She pleaded hard for them. Mrs. Baeyertz then invited her hearers to stay to ail after meeting, which she held in the lodgo-room, the result of which was highly successful. On Monday morning at 7.30 a.m., Mrs. Baeyertz conducted a meeting in the Baptist Church. There was a good attendance. She expounded briefly Psal. xxxii., and reading out some requests for prayer which she had received, several men present led in prayer, the meeting terminating soon after 8 a.m. And now, having heard the lady — and a converted Jewess too — of which she took every chance to tell me, I must speak can didly, and say that no one could possibly help admiring her for her many excel lent qualities, her earnestness and devoted- ness to the work is worthy of example. As she said she was no preacher, and I saw that, but she possesses the happy knack of telling you, in simple language, far more effectively than a polished orator, a few truths, concern ing the New Birtli. I was unable to find any fault with what she said, except it be the last few words of her address ; but apart from this I believe the lady to be sincere and de voted to her work, and I am sure those pre sent will bear me out-. There are many peo ple ever ready to at once stigmatise the lady as a paid servant or something else, but it is pleasing to know a little of her history in order to be enabled to deny such base reflec tions, and I feel convinced that those who happen to know the lady somewhat and who were present on Sunday would not for a moment cherish such ideas, Mr. Forsaith led the singing, and a number of children sang some very appropriate pieces of music in nice style. Like many choristers the great fault would appear to be in the presence of too many trebles, and too few part voices. 