It has been hinted by those who know more of the Premier's intentions than can he expocted of outsiders like our selves, that he may possibly attempt to get the assent of ^Parliament to the draft regulations for the introduction of labourers from British India, as well as tour or sis months supply, before he asks the Acting Governor for a dissolu tion. 'We hope the Premier will not attempt to do anything of the kind, and can scarcely beiieve that he has any serious intention of doing so, unless it be solely for electioneering purposes, and we do not see what he would gain by that. ' Coolies from British India' will not be a good ' cry' to go to the populous constituencies with. Of the two, it will be more unpopular in a large majority of the electorates than the transcontinental railway .syndicate's preliminary agreement, or theWarrego railway syndicate's bill, while the chance of getting parliamentary assent to these regulations this year is a very remote ono indeed. If, therefore, the Premier has entertained the idea of trying to make a little political capital out or this coolie business before going to the country, the sooner he changes his mind the better it will be for him. After the division last Thursday night on the motion for tho sonmirl reading of the Transcontinental Kail way Bill, which the Ministry de liberately and, indeed, rather osten tatiously declared their intention to regard, as a 'want of 'confidence' motion, it would be indecent to attempt to proceed with any other business, except of the most necessary kind, until Ministers either resign or obtain a dissolution. The regulations under notice do not in any way come under the head of necessary business which Parliament ought to get done before it gives up the ghost. The re gulations in the form in which they now appear were only forwarded to the secretary of the Government of India, Simla, five days before Parliament met' namely, on June 21. If, therefore, Parliament were justified in under taking to consider and decide upon these regulations, and disposed to enter upon the work, it would be a mere waste of time to do so, because it is not known yet, and cannot be known for some months to come, whether the Govern ment of India approve of them or not. Assuming that it iB necessary or desir able for Parliament to agree to regu lations by which coolies can be intro duced, it will be time enough to discuss a draft of which the Government of British India has signified its approval. 'We are among the number of those who maintain that coolies from British India to supplement the supply of Poly nesian and Chinese cheap labour now being introduced by the large sugar planters, is neither necessary nor desir able, but, on the contrary, would bo the most cruel and crushing blow to the unskilled European labourer who has been tempted to this colony which it would be possible to inflict. And it must bo borne in mind that it is merely to supplement tho supplies of cheap coloured labour from the sources above mentioned that ihef»vr_egulations are brought forward. -If thoy bo agreed to the Pacific Island Labourers Act will still be in force, and there is not the slightest intention to repeal it on the pa;t of the .Government, or to have it repealed by the big sugar plauters ; while there will still remain the same facilities for obtaining Chinese labourers that now exist, and the Government could not, if they were inclined to do so, pre vent planters getting Chinese labourers' if they preferred that class, or required Chinese to supplement the supply of cheap colouredlabourfrom other sources. During tho last two or three months hints have been thrown out . by the papers supporting the Ministry that it is desirable to stop recruiting Pacific Island labour, but this is not intended to be taken seriously. Tho writers of this sort of sentimental 'blather- skite ' know right well that the planters are determined to get rid of European labour on their plan tations as far as possiblo, because it is not cheap enough for them, nor docile enough, and -too much dis posed to insist upon its legal rights. A choice of coloured labour that is cheap, docile, and not disposed to insist upon its legal rights, would enable those planters to ascertain which is the* cheapest of the various kinds available, in order to secure that cheapest and best kind, or, failing that, to supplement it by the next cheapest and best kind other than European. The assertion that the prosperity, if not the very existence, of the sugar industry iu Queonsland depends upon an unlimited supply of coolies from British India is about the most impu dent and outrageous assertion we have heard for some time. This statement is made and reiterated by writers and speakers who at the same time give statistics showing the extraordinary progress and unparalleled prosperity of this same industry in Queensland dur ing the past two or three years without this uulimited supply of Indian coolies. Mr. Archibald Eobbes, in his com ments on this labour question in con nection with the sugar plantations at Mackay, while arguing that sugar growing is an altogether unique in dustry in requiring cheap coloured labour, cannot, at the same time, quite bring himself to the .planters' views. He says : — There is not a planter's house in tho Mackay district wherein Polynesians ore not, domestic servants. When in the houso of the member for the district T found a black girl making my bed, I could devise no chain of sophistry whereby this operation could come within the sphere of ' tropical or serai- tropical agricul ture.' At Homebush I saw commingled in ono whirling bustle of singular activity, kanakas, Chinamen, Cingalese, and white men, pulling and hauling and toiling and moiling in the swift construction of a colossal sugar mill. Everywhere I saw tho black men employed as carters, not only of cane, but of firewood, of sundries — acting as grooms, and occasionally even in handicrafts, such as blacksmith's work. Mow, none of these things can bo said to come within tho range of ' tropical or semi-tropical agriculture.' It is clear to mo that the indul gence of coloured labour has beon accorded by law to the sugar planter only to the extent of its utilisation in work which the whitj man cannot perform j to use it otherwise is an abuso of the law, an infringement on the -white man's field of industry, and an unfairness to other industries which are tied up to the employment of white labour. The sugar planter will retort that he thus utilises coloured labour because it is cheap, because it is reliable, because it averts from him the risk of being left in the luroh at a critical moment by a strike of tho pestilent white man. Tho reply is conclusive. In the first place, it is an evasion, if not n specific vio lation of the law. Again, in reply to his' plea of cheapness, I quote himself against himself that his net proGls average over 20 por cent., so that he is scarcely entitled to an appeal ad misericordhm for exemption from paying white men white men's wages for white men's work, As regards the danger of a elriko at a crisis, why should this bo tho favoured industry to escape from this contingency ? A Btriko moy be disastrous to the contractor, or to the squattor in the middle of his shearings but they have alike to ' face the music ' and wrestle out the difficulty with the white employ^. -It is one thing, I hold, to bo privileged specially for a reason, and another to abuse that privilege by going outside tho specifically. ? Whether it is intended or not by the planters and their friends, they all know, as everybody else knows, that when once they can get the Indian coolies here the coolie regulations will be evaded in the same way as the Pacific Island Labourers Act is evaded,, and that the coolie is intended to be em ployed as the Polynesian is employed — in any work he is capable of doing, no matter how remotely it may ' be connected with ' tropical and semi-tropical . agriculture.' The ' Amended Draft Eegulations for In dian Immigration into Queensland,' forwarded to India for approval the other day, if adopted and strictly ob served here, would not only drive every European labourer from the big sugar plantations, but it would render suc cessful cultivation by the small grower absolutely impossible, by securing a monopoly of this cheap coloured labour to the large planter. At present, even in the Mackay and Maryborough dis tricts, the small grower has a chance now and then of engaging an islander or two who have served their three years on the big plantations, and in this way is able to hold his own, although he cannot compete with the owners of large estates; but if these regulations are accepted in India, and receive the assent of Parliament, it will be penal for any small sugar-grower to employ a time-expired coolie except by leave of the 'protector,' and under con ditions which he cannot possibly fulfil. A more barefaced piece of purely class legislation was never attempted in any part of the British Dominions than that embodied in these regulations. The Premier must know this as well as everybody else, and therefore we do not think he will attempt to force it upon the country on the eve of a general election. Tire PuniuNa and Co. Actions.— In refer ence to a paragraph in this day's Courier risneetin* the settiemont of certain actions against Messrs. Perkins and Co., we are in formed by tho solicitor for tho plaintiffs in tho actions that tho samo wore sottled soveral days ngo on terms satisfactory to the plaintiffs, and thufc tho overtures for settlement did not in any instance come from thom. PAHT,iAirENT. — Tbo Aesembly meots this afternoon, when the Premier will make a ministerial Btat-mont. It is oxpected to bo to the effect fchut His Excellency will g/ant a dissolution of Parliament after the Houso has granted, upply sufficient to carry on tho Go vornai/t'1- until nfter fio ro-assombling of Par liamont. A similar statement to that by tho Premier ViU probably bo mado by tho Post mastcr-v^noral in tho legislative Oiuncil. A Pebskntation.— Last niRht tho iiu-mbors of tho Fire Briijado prcsontod Mr. W. WbIbIi with a testimonial, a gold signet ring, and aidrosp, on tho occasion of his leaving Brisbane. Tho following is tho address : — 'To William Walsh, Esq. —We tho under signed . members of tho Brisbano Fire i Brigado beg your acceptance of tho accompanying small tokonpf esteem and respect, and piucorely hope that you may long bo spared in tho onjoymont of good hoalth to wear it. Wo greatly rogrot 'that owing to your loaving Brisbano you aro compolled to sever your connection with us aftor boing for so many years ono of our moBt onorgetic members, but wo know that although you aro obliged to bo absent, your heart is still with us.' Mr. Walsh acknowledged the pre sentation in suitable terms. 8tiiat Cows on Bowek Tebeace. — A corro^ spondont complains bitterly of oertain cows which are turned out at night to pick up a living by b»oaking into gardons on Bowon Ter race and its vicinity. It seems these cows either know how to unlatch gardon g'tcsor somebody does that little sorvice for thom if tho garden contains anything which a cow can eat with relish. And these cows are not fas tidious in tho matter of provender. 'Last week they ontered the writor's back kitchon during tho night and mado a clean sweep of his potatoes. It would be worth while to ' lay low ' for those cows some night and place thom in charge of Mr. Eaton at the Enoggora SaleB Yards. Tho owners can be made to realise tho fact if the thing bo set about proporly, that it is cheaper in tho end to buy feed for their cows than to send thom out to prey upon their neighbours. The Q-LAsamowiKO Exhibition.— The success which has attended Messrs. Kroitmayor and Wuodroffe's now famous waxworks and glass- blowing exhibition since its arrival in this city must indeed be gratifying to the proprie tors, who, no doubt, deserve a largo shaiM of patronage for their efforts to amuse and in struct. The entertainment is visited daily by largo numbers of personi. each of whom is delighted with the marvellous exhibitions of skill in glassblowing and engraving, by Mr. Woodroffo aud Professor Mills respectively. Tho latter gentleman is constantly employed in engraving names on glasses, which aro sold in large numbers, the price for each being very moderate. Already Mr. Mills has got rid of upwards of 1,000 glasses, so that his visit to Brisbane will he remembered for many years to come. The glass steam muchinory continues to excite expressions of admiration on every hand, and the praise which Mr. Woodroffo receives for his invontion of this wonderful piece of mechanism is fully merited. Thbatbe RoyaXi. — Miss Beaudot to^k a farowoll benefit at tlm theatre last night, appear ing as Juliet in ' Eomeo and Juliet,' and Lgdia in 'David Grarriok.' Hex Juliet was a most charming performance in all respoots, and thero is not, to our mind, a character in her repertoire in which she appears to bolter advan tage. She has n thorough conceplion of tho part, and hsi evidently made it ft loving study. Miss Gwynne took the part of Someo. Sho lookod tho character woll, and, on tho whole, her performance was a fairly successful one. Herr Bandmann was an excellent JMercutio, playing with a fine aban don quite suited to Borneo's rollicking friend. Friar Lawrence, The Nurse, and Tybalt each found capital representatives in Mr. Glovor, ; Miss Reives, and Mr. lobbett, respectively. 'David Grarrick,' was recoived with much satisfaction. To-night tho Bandmann Com pany appear at tho Albert Hull, in 'Bast Lynne.' To morrow the ' Lady of Lyons' will be played. On Friday tho company will ap pear at Saridgate. A Pleasant Apfaie.— Tho Valley Hall con tained a goodly company of the employes of Messrs. Lomor and Oo., the photographers, and their friends, invited to a supper and ball by Mr. F. T. F. Keogh; ono of the firm. Tho ?rtcison d'etre of the entertainment was tho pre sence in Brisbane of Mr. Lomor, who has beon absent in Sydney for ilvo years past, and who is about to return to that city. The ball fol lowed a picnic given a lew daya back, in Mr. Lomer's honour, by Mr. Collin, another mem bor of the firm. Dancing was kept up with groat spirit to the excellent music provided by Horr Eosenstengel and his nepheWj and when exhausted nature required recruiting, tho1 company sat down to ft most appetising champagne supper, provided by Mr. Daly, of tho -ovoreign Hotel. Tho toasts included tho health of Mr. Lomer, proposed by Mr. Keogh, and received with enthusiasm, as wore those of Mr. Keogh and Mr. Collins. The other toasts wore the 'Press' and tho ' Ladies.' The time at which we loft the Hall was not what would be considered early by well-regulated families, but there were no signs of tho company giving over then, and wo should not like to hazard an opinion as to tho hour at which this very pleasurable party broke up. It may bo going on now for all wo know, unless, indeod, the musicians have suc cumbed. Petit Debt3 Couet. — At the sittings of tho Petty Debts Court this morning before Messrs. Edwards and Honzoll, in tho defended case of N. Corrigan y. Doyle, claim £2 13s. for goods sold, tho plaintiff was nonsuited. An Amusing Pboobbding.— A well-to-do sheep farmer created no small amount, of fun in a river township a few days ago (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph). He had to invest rather largely in postago stamps, and tendored in pay ment 10s. in coppers. The postmaster refused to take such coins as a legal tender, and the farmer submitted. He immediately went in search of a wheelbarrow, and with that vehicle ho perambulated tho township and procured all the copper coins ho could beg or borrow. When he had obtained as many as possible ho proceeded to his victim at the Post Office, tapped at the window, laid down two pennies, andaskodforapostago-stamp. This was nosoonor supplied and paid for than he said, 'anothor please,' and continued this course of perso cution for an hour or two. By and by tho dinner-hour approached, and the postmastor asked one of his assistants to take his place at the window. But the second in command, significantly pointing to the barrow and itB still unexhausted contents, politely declined. Escape was impossible, and tho consumption of stamps that day was unparalleled in the memory of the oldost inhabitant, aB it occupied five hours before this customor was satisfied. ? The Labotje TeADE.— Writing on May 25 tho London correspondent of the Melbourne Argus says:— 'Tho Leisure Hour for June contains an article on ' Slavery and the Slave Trade in Australia,' in which tho writer con tendB that under the thin disguise of the ' Labour Trade,' 'Slavery and the slave trade aro becoming established under British sanc tion, an* aro spreading from Queensland to other parts of Australia.' It is feared that if Now Guinea is annoxod ' now fiolds for b'.ack bird-catching may bo opened up.' Tho writer chiefly relies for his ficts upon Admiral Wil son's report to tho Admiralty in 1882, and upon tho medical report mado by Drs. Wray and Thomson into the causeB of the great mortality among the kanakus in tho Mary borough district, Queensland. In a letter to the Times, Sir Charles Lilley, tho Chief Justice of Queensland, defends tho colony from the charge of denying oven tho most ordinary legal seourity to the weakor races omployed thoro. He points out that Polynesians and nalivo aboriginal blacks can give ovidonco in courts of justice, and, so far from being unprotected by tho law, aro defonded at tho oxpenBo of tho urown, wiion cnargett witli criminal oftences, enjoying in this rofpect a more oxtonded privi lege than white men.' 