TKE ROMANCE OF A LIGHT HOUSE. A STORY OF STORIES. BY W. W. FENN. It was as far back as June, 1843, and I was proposing to myself a wandering tour iu Corn wall. Though London was already hot and dusty, I did not intend to go just then, but I was collecting all the information I could about uiat remote aistrict, so xar away as it was m those days from railroads and our present notions of civilisation. Passing Arthur Pengarth's lodgings in Newman street, I recollected the old saying : By T-re, Pol, and Pen, You shall know the Cornishmen ; . and, thinking to myself that he might possibly put me up to a wrinkle or two, 1 turned in. 4 Pen,' as he was usually called, was an artist — a figure man, but he had an eye for landscape also, and seemed to invest it with .something of the human interest of his rather fanciful pictures of historical and legendary romance. There was always a story in Pen's work. His quotations really had something to do with his subjects, and were not put in I to merely catch the eye, and make a break in the Exhibition catalogues. I found him looking at a water-colour drawing already screwed into a packing-case of more than usual solidity. It was a scene of singular beauty. Taken from the top of a cliff, the high horizon of bine-green sea ran almost entirely across the picture, melting away into the opaqueless sky, with hardly a perceptible line ot demarcation. Where it cut and touched the land at the nearer points, its vivid transparent intensity shamed the grass into looking brown, even in the spring like tufts that snowed themselves among the primrose8 that grew in profusion over the graves ; for, characteristically enough, Pen- garth's foreground was an ancient churchyard. One crumbling buttress of the weather-beaten church itself, moss-grown and lichen-clad, framed the picture to the right by its massive lines and solid texture, thus making the distance, if possible,, more ethereal, and form ing a contrast to the far-away lighthouse, that ( rose like a ghost in the extreme horizon. j I 4 What a lovely spot ! Is that in Cornwall V J 4 Yes,' replied the artist ; 4 it is over agsunst : a little fishing- village called Pol Coed, and he ! cast a regretful farewell look on the picture \ fts he took up the lid of the packing-case, j whereon I read the following address : _ J 4 Mr. Reuben Tregarvon, God's Providence, i near London, Canada West.' , 1 4 And who may Mr. Reuben Tregarvon be|? I inquired ; 4 and how do you ceme to be senu- . ing him this, and what is your motto here ? I ; went on, .stooping to examine a tablet on the frame more closely. _ Then I read the Words, 4 1 am the Resurrec tion and the Life ;' under which was also engraved, 4 Those whom God hath joined together let not man put asunder/ j 4 The f tame was carved by the Rev. Stephen Allan, pastbr of Poel Coed/ broke in my ; friend ; 4 and it is a wedding-present on his | part to Mr. Reuben Tregarvon, about whom, ; by the way, there is a very startling story . I I did the drawing, as my gift to the young ? fellow, and here is a sketch of him in propria i persona, he added, as, moving the packing- ; case for the greater convenience of screwing ; the lid down, he brought into view from behind it a crayon sketch of a man's head. Never had I .seen so beautiful a face. To describe it would be as impossible as to convey the scent of primroses by words to one who had never seen the flower. Clear-cut, delicate features, dark silky beard and moustache, that defined rather than hid the curves of lips too I thin for the classical idea of beauty, yet con- I veying an impression of indomitable strength. And such a pair of blue eyes ! Out of the dark J face they shone like the glimpses of a far-away I sky, and they were so unexpected, for the type ! of face would have recalled what may be seen | in the very early Byzantine manuscripts had ; it not been for those glorious bliie eyes. | 4 What a face ! Is that your work also ?' I ! 4 Yes, it is ; but, by Jove, I must be off,' ! cried Pen, looking at nis watch. 4 It is half- ; past eleven now, and I have not a minute to lose. I must take this case to the Euston I Square terminus before twelve, and start it off j to Birmingham on its way to Liverpool myself. ! I say, old fellow, just finish screwing the lid | down for me while I change my coat. And don't run away ; stay till I come back ; I shall not be gone half an hour. There's a whole portfolio full of Cornish sketches in the corner ; light a pipe and look at them, they will tell you more about the land of the' West, and the sort of scenery you will find there, than any words of mine will. Painters are not good talkers, they can better describe with their brush than their tongue. Here's the screw-driver, fire away !' I took it from bis hand, and finished the packing of the case for him whilst he dived into a drawer for his gloves, which were, apparently, the last things he was likely to find in such a medley as its contents presented. 4 Hullo!' he suddenly burst out, as he rummaged about with his hands, and produced a roll of MS., 4 here's the story of Reuben Tregarvon, that I mentioned just now ; you might like to read it — I wrote it down for Tom — poor Tom, you remember him ?' and his tone softened as he recalled the crippled brother, in memory of whom he was now wearing the black coat he had just put on. 4 We always said at home that Tom ought to write a novel, and I was to give him my experiences from time to time — so I sent him Reuben Tregarvon's story, as Mr. Allan told it to me. There it is, if you care to see it, only I must be off ;' and, throwing me the manu script, he seized hold of the packing-case, which was now ready, and hurried out of the room. Left alone, I first proceeded to examine the folio of sketches. If the rest of Cornwall were like Pol Coed, and its inhabitants resembled Reuben Tregarvon, it would be indeed a region worth visiting. I was longing to get all the information I could about it, therefore I settled myself in Pengarth's favourite chair (it deserved his regard), lighted a pipe, and went through his drawings carefully one by one. When I had finished looking at them, 1 turned my attention to the manuscript, and so m became even more absorbed in it than I had'been in the sketches. The artist hardly did himself justice when he said he was better in describing with his brush than by words — at least, so I thought ; whether others will agree with mc, it is not for me to suggest. The wondrous blue eyes of the portrait seemed fixed on mine whenever I looked up from the page, and the roar of the neighbour ing thoroughfare sounded like the distant waves on the western sea, whilst for half an hour I sat deeply interested in THE STORY OP REUBEN TREGARVON. After a walk of ten miles from Bodmin, I had at last arrived at the church on the cliff, above the little village of Pol Coed, which was, I hoped, to afford me good sketching material. I had heard that the interior of this church was especially interesting. As I approached tjie door, it was evident that service was going on, and of an unusual kind, for the building was so crowded that part of the congregation were seated in the porch, and even on the grass moonds that covered the last resting-places of former inhabitants of the village. On seeing a stranger, a woman whom I guessed to be a sort of pew- opener advanced and inquired my business, 4 for,' she added, 4 if it's with the rector, sir, you cannot see him till Reuben Tregarvon is married — him, you know, sir,' she went on, 4 as was like to be hanged, but the rector said he never could believe it — and now he has married her, and they are going to Canada, where his brother has gone before him ; and they will be a loss to Pol Coed, though some of them have had pretty rough tempers, for the Tregarvons have been a credit to the place since the time of Adam, and we are glad Reuben was not hanged for his father's sake, let .alone that he is as honest a fellow as ever trod on shoe- leather. . ' But here he comes, and his wife — God bless them ! — and the rector, too, sir, if you are wishing to speak with him.' What was the woman talking about ? was she out of her mind ? She did not look so : she spoke in the simple tone of one who stated facts that could not be contradicted, but It was impossible to connect the ignominious idea of hanging with the# bridegroom's face. I have made a sketch of it, so I will not describe it here. Still, there was something curiously unbridal about the pair ; perhaps it was that the girl's dress was plain even to roughness ' with none of that pretty coquettishness about it which every woman displays on that one morning, at least, of her fife. Hers was a sweet little face, with very short, curly hair, and appealing brown eyes. The two walked gravely to the corner of the churchyard nearest the cliff, and, not in wedding proces sion, down to the village, the little crowd meanwhile evidently respecting their desire for privacy. Only the. rector followed them, lea ving his surplice in the care of the woman who had spoken to me. Again and again, as the crowd dispersed, did I hear the words 4 hanged, ' 4 hang ing,' 'murder,' ever repeated. I was deter mined to got another look at the face whose beauty outweighed all possible interest in the church, curious as that appeared to be from the casual glimpse I got of it through the open doors. I went round, so as to come, at a fitting distance, opposite to the group that so i keenly interested me. The bride was bending I over & f rave to gather eome of the late priin- roses. The bridegroom held the rector s hand in .a long, close grasp, and the spring breeze brought to my ear the words s t 4 Good-bye. God in heaven bless you. I little thought I should ever hear the marriage I service ftotn your lips a second time.' j The bride shuddered and clung to her hus band. The rector replied : ! 4 Tregarvon, 1 would not have you forget I God's goodness to you, but I would have you ; think and speak as little as possible of the i details of the past. May God prosper you and 1 your wife in your new home. Let me hear ! from you, but take my counsel and lock up m \ your heart the strange experiences you have ! passed through. A new home aud a strange j people will help you to this. Here the dealings j of Providence with your soul would become a j winter's tale to fie told on every stormy evening. Good-bye. and may Heaven s bless ing rest on you and yours.' The man sank on his knees beside the grave and kissed the stone. 4 Have no fear for that,' continued the rector ; 4 whilst I am here I will take care of . your father's grave.' . The young wife meanwhile was gazing at the scene as if to imprint it for ever on her memory. The man rose, and, taking her hand, turned in silence from the spot, and the pair took the now-deserted path to the village. The rector gazed after them. He was a young marl, barely thirty, and his fair hair and com plexion were in strong contrast to his almost Spanish-looking parishioners. I waited for a . few moments, and then, advancing and raising my hat, I said to him : 4 Pray excuse me, sir, but can you tell me where I can find that man who has just left you ? I am an artist,' I added, in explanation, 4 and I would give anything if he would sit to me for an hour or so, for I never saw so uncommon a type of face.' : 4 Nor so uncommon a type of man, if you , knew all,' answered the rector, good- naturedly, j 4 1 gathered from the talk outside the church ; that there was something unusual,' I remarked, j hesitatingly. . ' 4 You may well say so ; it is the strangest . affair. You see that lighthouse out yonder? , Tregarven's family haye been keepers there ever since it was built. I do not wonder that i he wants to get away from the neighbourhood, j But it is a long story ; I shall weary you j with it, if I once begin.1 j 4 Indeed, if it is the story of the man you ; have just married, I should be most interested. I repeat, I never saw so remarkable a face. If , it would not be trespassing on your time, I beg , you will tell it me. Can you do so here, now ? We might sit in the church porch, perhaps.' 4 Certainly, by all means ; it would be a very fitting place. The fact is,' he added, frankly, 4 my mind is so full of it, and I am so alone here, in this retired part of the world, j that it would be really a relief to me to talk j about it to a person of education. I should ' like to see how it strikes a stranger. I must j write it out, I think, some day, butamy eyes will not seve me for more work of that kind than is absolutely necessary. So, if you care to listen, before you begin to make the sketch of the landscape I see you are preparing for — I used to sketch once myself,' he added, with a sigh — 4 1 will relate to you this rustic drama.' Gossiping in this fashion, we strolled away from the grave near the edge of the cliff, and sat down, according to my proposition, in the church porch. The door was closed, and we had the place now all to ourselves. The silence and the beauty of the outlook across the broad 1 expanse of ocean were very enticing, for it was one of those calm spring days which come so refreshingly after the long, dreary, boisterous bout of winter which we English men have to endure. The sound of the sea upon the rock-girdled shore below us was reduced to a gentle murmur, whilst an odd jackdaw or two/ cawing quaintly at intervals in the grey tower above our head, made the solitude, by gentle contrast, as it were, only the more evident. Short of the ingle-nook on a winter's nigbt, there could be no more fitting place in the world for one to listen to such a tale ; nay, for the matter of that, seeing that the lighthouse, towards which we were looking, and the neighbouring village formed the actual background to the drama, it was certainly the very best place in which to hear about its incidents. 4 Yon must know,' began the clergy man, 'that I came here just before Christmas last. I had been overworked, they said, in London, and my eyes began to fail ; so the doctors fell back upon tneir usual strong hold, and decreed that I must have a rest and change in fresh country air. Just then, for tunately, a friend, a brother parson, had this living presented to him, and he earnestly desiring London work, we effected an exchange, and I came here. Included in the parish is the lighthouse on that jagged group of rocks you see some six miles out yonder, and the thought of the fife led by the guardians of such places round this storm-beaten coast always had a carious fascination in it for me. 4 Strangely enough, the first sight I had of my people was connected with this far-off beacon. On walking up the village after getting out of the chaise which brought me over from Bodmin, I met a small crowd escorting this man Tregarvon down the street, and his face struck me on the instant, as it has you, I perceive. Asking the cause of the : excitement, I was told that his father, old ! Reuben Tregarvon, had been suddenly stricken ! with paralysis, and, as it was his turn that night, together with his son, young Reuben ; Tregarvon, to relieve the men in charge, the ' young man took the elder's place, providing a > substitute for himself in the person of a lad ' said to have come the day before fromFal- mouth. j 4 1 took but little notice of this at the time. Afterwards I found that this boy had been 1 picked up by old Tregarvon and promised a permanent place as light-boy at the lighthouse, : as old Tregarvon's sons were all outgrowing the place, and the old man's temper had sucb an evil reputation that no lad from Pol Coed could be persuaded to go with him to solitary confinement in the island pharos. But on the very morning that old Tregarvon was due at the lighthouse, he was stricken down, and his son took his place. j 4 You may remember what an awful Christ mas we had, and what fearful storms raged far into February. The watch at the fight is changed every three weeks, but at the expira tion of that time— that is, young Tregarvon's time, you understand— the weather was worse than ever. Storm succeeded storm, with scarce an interval of abatement, and any hope of communication with the light was abandoned as soon as conceived. Thiis the three weeks became six, and the six nearlv nine. y 4 44 Reuben and the boy will be starved " said Michael Tregarvon, thinking of his brother, 44 They have but six weeks' pre- visions there at the most, but to attempt to reach the light would be certain death 4 Still, they were not starved yet, for there the beacon shone, as we could see, save on the very thickest nights ; but as far as communi cation with it was concerned, it might have been on the other side of the world. 4 At last, as all things come to an end, the storms came to an end ; the wind suddenly dropped to a moderate hreeze off the land, and the boat put off with food and the relief-men who were to replace Tregarton and his young companion. The hours of watching and sus pense that followed were passed by me in mingling with the knots of wild, excitable half-fisher-folk, half-farmers composing the small population of Pol Coed, who were Fathered together near the landing-place, and was amazed to find how quick and ready they were to imagine the very worst. 4 Surrounded by apme of the most vehement, I stood on the little pier when the boat came back. You may imagine the horror when it was seen that, beside her crew of four men, but one— only one— passenger was there- Reuben Tregarvon alone. 4 A wild cry of anxiety rose from the crowd. Where was the boy? Had he died from exhaustion — from starvation ? It seemed more than likely. Or was it possible that 4 1 do not know, sir,' went on the rector, after a pause at this point in his narrative, 4 whether you are acquainted with the character of the Cornish people. If -you are not, and do not understand their imaginative, super stitious natures and their wild, sometimes almost savage, tendencies, you may not think it possible that such an idea as that which then succeeded could have arisen in their minds. ..... 4 As the boat neared the landing-place and the features of its occupants became visible, the expression on Tregarvon's handsome features seemed to suggest to the people's imaginations the accusation which they were about to hurl at bim. At first by a whispered word, and then by louder exclamations, which gradually rose to a shout, they charged him with murder. 4 44 He has murdered the boy, they cried, 4 4 for food— for the sake of his flesh. Down with him ! Down with him !" 4 1 thought of the reputation for violence the Tregarvon family bore in the village, and how unpopular it had made some of itj members. I shuddered lest the accusation should be true, and trembled lest the crowd should do wild justice on the criminal then and there before my eyes — they seemed quite capable of it. I beckoned to our solitary constable, who was standing amongst the crowd — a man formerly in the London police- force and whose present post I had obtained for him — and got as near the landing-place as I could. 4 44 Where is the boy ?" I demanded, as soon as the boat came within hailing distance. There was a ghastly pause for a moment, and the answer came back, 44 Dead— drowned !" 4 44 He has murdered him," reiterated the assembled people. 4 44 Stand back, all of you," I shouted : 44 it is by the laws of his country he must be judged, not by you. Constable, arrest Reuben Tregarvon on suspicion." 4 The oonstable was prompt, and saw as clearly as I did that, innocent or guilty, it was the best thirg to do to save him from the wrath of his fellow- villagers. So, advancing to the stairs, as Reuben Tregarvon came up them, he laid his hand on his shoulder, and arrested him in the usual form, I, standing just above, had a full sight of the supposed culprit's face, as it was upturned. Haggard with famine and anxiety, to my intense surprise, a look of the greatest relief passed over his features when he heard the constable's words. Instead of seeming appalled or resentful, he looked like a man who has beard the solution of a sore, pressing difficulty, like a man who saw his way out of some dire strait. 4 44 It is well," he said, simply, and prepared to follow the constable up the narrow street. The multitude, who, a few moments before, had been ripe to shea his blood, shrank away as he passed, and gathered round the boat men, who, however willing, were unable to afford any more information than that already gleaned. They had found Tregarvon alone in the lighthouse; the boy was gone, .and Trqgarvon offered no explanation but those few words : 44 He is dead ! Drowned !" _ 4 My first care on getting Tregarvon to the little room in the small house that served as a lock-up was to provide him with food. It was evident that the man was dazed from famine. I cautioned him, and told him that anything he might say would be used against him. He yamamoH cilnnf 00 fo aha 1 Af \r vwvw AV& vuu \|ugoi>AVU jjaj e ? " 4 44 He is dead ; he knew no one after yon left," I replied. / 44 Thank heaven ! " said Tregarvon ; " he will never know what he has done." t 'I thought the words had misplaced them- 1 selves, as those of an overstrained mind are apt to do ; but I remembered them afterwards, and then understood fully what had prompted them. 4 The question at present was, How should I act? I was, myself, the only justice of the peace within miles. Much as I disapprove of the union _of spiritual and legal functions, I had no choice, for, with the exception of the squire of the Pol Coed House, there was no one approaching a gentleman or a of educa tion within a good ten miles. 4 Meanwhile, food had been brought, and I heard with surmise the familiar words of thanksgiving, 44 For what we are going to re ceive repeated ; and as soon as the much- needed nutriment was taken, Tregarvon lay down on the hard bench and composed himself to a sleep as tranquil as a baby's, but soon to be interrupted. 4 A hoarse roar came up the street ; the con stable rushed to the outer door of the little house, and made it fast only just in time. The crowd demanded Tregarvon, and would, no doubt, have done summary justice on him had he fallen within their clutches. 4 1 never rightly heard what had actually stirred them up to this renewed burst of in dignation. I imagine, however, it was simply due to a fermentation of the horrible idea which had taken possession of them— a fer mentation stimulated, no doubt, by the con stantly-recurring comments of tae most talka tive amongst them. Bnt, whatever was the caure of the tumult, it was evident we could not keep Tregarvon at so insecure a lock-up. 4 Therefore, assisted by the constable, more versed in the ways of the law than myself, I» as a magistrate, went through the form, after a brief examination, in the prisoner'6 presence, of the boatmen who had fetched Tregarvon from the lighthouse, of committing him for trial on a charge of murder at the Bodmin assizes, then fortunately going on. Deter mining to lose no time when this was done, I announced to the people that it was my in tention to take the prisoner over to Bodmin myself that afternoon. This appeared fully to satisfy them, especially as I also insisted on the four boatmen going with me as the witnesses against him. A conveyance— the pnly one in the place, half -omnibus, half-van — wae procured, and late that evening, to my great relief, I handed over my strange charge to the care of the Bodmin constabulary On leaving Pol Coed, I should observe that, as we turned inland, Tregarvon took a long look at the sea, as one might look the last on a beloved face, but he never put off tbe impenetrable veil of silence in which he per sistently wrapped himself. I slept in the town that night, or, rather, I took a b8d at the principal mn ; but the events of the day crowded in upon my mind with such never- enamg and perplexing confusion that sleep was out of the question. ' I should here pause to say that, hastily as I may have seemed to act in judging, or even suspeotmg Tregarvon to be guilty of the accusation brought against him by tbe people, I had no choioe. Had I notdone as I did, and myself ordered his arrest and carried it though, his life would to a certainty have ,||8W sacrifice to the wild lawlessness of the villagers. Their fierce wreckers' blood was up. I had! not had them under my influence long enough to hold them in check, for, as I have hinted before, they are not an easy com munity to manage, and the mysterious and unaooountable strange bearing of Tregarvon himself was not easy to understand, even, for me, and to them it must have appeared like a tacit admission of his guilt. I confess I did not know what to make of it. 'The assize-list was not a heavy one, and to my satisfaction I found the next morning that Tregarvon could actually he put on his trial in the afternoon. He refused evea to see a solicitor for the purpose of conducting his case, I and whilst I was talking with him in the i prison, he asked for pen, ink, and paper. ( Now," I thought, " he is going to write out I some explanation or confession." But no ; it I was only a short note to his brother Michael, I and placing with it a small book which he took I from his breast-pocket, he begged to know if it were possible for him to see his brother. I Compliance with this request was rendered the ( msre easy as Michael was known to have oome I ever that morning for the purpose of' an inter- J view, and soon afterwards the brothers stood I ia presence of each other. Neither spoke for I a long while. At last Michael exclaimed | passionately : " Oh, Reuben, Reuben, what 1 will oome of this?" I 1 " Michael, I beg your pardon, it is hard I upon you," was the strange answer ; " but you I always wished to go to Canada, you know, and j you had better sail before " I " Before what?" thought I to myself. 1 'There was again a long silence — indeed, 1 very little or nothing more was said on either | baud ; and when the painful scene terminated, I I was left more puzzled than ever. I 'Arraigned at length, Reuben Tregarvon I stood in the dock before the assembled court, 1 and to the formal question of whether he was I guilty or not of the murder of Sidney Cathcart I at the Pol Coed lighthouse oame the startling I answer, "Guilty!" Does the prisoner know what is the effect f pleading guilty to a charge of murder ?" in- qaned the judge. "Ido, my lord," replied Tregarvon with a calmness that, even for him, surprised me. ' Until that moment X had not realised what might be the result of the trial. Xn spite of appearances, I -had never for a moment i donbted that Tregarvon would somehow prove his innocence.. The whole place swam before my eyes, and though X am partly conscious of the judge assuming the black cap, X heard nothing clearly till- the concluding words : " And may God havemercyuponyoursoul." To which Tregarvon replied : " Amen, God's will j be done and X saw him look up as if the I heavens had opened above him. i 'The man who had just' been sentenced to death as a murderer only recalled to my mind the Proto-martyr. ' " Hold up, sir !" whispered my faithful j friend the constable, in my ear ; " here is a class of water. I could not disturb the court to get you one before.' Xt always upsets a man the first time he hears those words : ' God have mercy I' Poor fellow, it's a pity it was not manslaughter." ' The excitement and heat of the crowded court had so affected me in my then weak . state of health, that in spite of the glass of water, X had to lie down for some hours before X could walk to the gaol again to see Tre garvon. -When I arrived there, he was already in the condemned cell. He was kneeling by the pallet which served as a bed. His lips moved, he was engaged in prayer, and the words seemed to break from him involuntarily. Never shall I hear again such a rapture of repentance, of faith, of joy, even. The door was locked on me ; I had no choice but to listen. God had heard his prayer, he was murmuring, his expiation was on earth — the Almighty had ordained a merciful punish ment before taking him home ; home to a union with God, and a reunion with his dearly-loved. The most profound repentance breathed in every word ; but there was no acknowledgment of the special crime for which he was to suffer. X drew back; I had no services to offer. I could not intrude between this soul and its Maker ; this soul, condemned for a cruel and atrocious crime, owning the justice of the sentence. I could only wait and learn. Was it possible that such a man as this could be guilty of the criminality he took upon himself ? I was more perplexed, shocked, and astounded than ever. During the ensuing days his demeanour was unchanged. Obedient to all regulations, be seemed to accept everything as a matter of course. His brother came to bid him good-bye, and then learnt that the end had net been un foreseen by Tregarvon. His last act as a free man had been to endow his brother with his savings, to enable bim to go to Canada with bis family. Indeed, the only shadow of regret I seemed to be the disgrace that would fall on I others. I There was no time to forward a petition to I the Home Secretary, far off as we are from I Iiendon, even had Tregarvon permitted one to I be sent. I waited for some — for any account I of those terrible days in the lighthouse, but I none came, urge him as I would to make a J full confession of all, how it had fallen out, I and. what had tempted him. I ' Once he said to me with a shudder : I ' " It does not take long, does it ? " 1 The day drew on. I found the hilly ten I miles between here and Bodmin only too short I .for mental communing. I went every day, for I the rector of Bodmin was absent, and his tem- I porary substitute yielded to me the charge of my parishioner. The more I thought of the case, the more mysterious I felt it to be. I longed to penetrate the veil of silence. Each morning I felt sure that daring that day Tregarvon would give some history of the j death- struggle, ©t his motive— whether it i had been in a momentary fit of passion, or whether he had yielded to the terrible temptation borne of ravenous hunger. Each evening I returned unsatisfied as regarded any details, but more convinced that the foul stain of murder could not cling to that mun even in t»e teeth of his own admission. I took him books, for when he had been made to assume the prison garb, he ha<l taken two books from his pockfity &nd; asicqq if ho might keep them. They were a Bible and a Thomas b Kempis, Guided by this indiea- Tur H 15? kim with the works of the t. School, now in its new strength ; and was astonished at the avidity with which he devoured them. « J <hth!, zoning of the last day before that nxed for the execution, he and his brother to gether received the communion for the dying. j 1s.hook hands with Michael, and entreated him not to try to see him again ; but e begged pae to come to him by six o'clock on the following, the fatal morning. There was something in his manner that \--awed us j his requests were as commands -®s Spoolers told me, when I arrived true to tbe appointed hour the next morning, that he oii - c? quietly with a smile on his face all night. He was dressed when I entered the u-i drew me to the farthest corner, while the warder,, as he had evidently been re quested to do, moved away from us as far as he could. asked you to come early, Mr. Allan," Iregarvon said with some hesitation, " because -—because I want you to do me a great — a last favour-— here — now, to read to me the marriage service this morning — before — before I die." '"The marriage service!" I gasped, over come by surprise. " It— it is— it is the " ' " Yes, I know ; you will read my funeral service later," ho said quietly. " Mr. Allan, you have been very good to me. I am afraid this will try you." 1 I will read you whatever you like," I said, dominated as usual by the power of the man ; and in that condemned cell, to one whose scaffold was already erected, and who was to die in two hours' time, I began reading the, marriage service. He knelt down with that same strange rapt expression of face that had become almost habitual to him, until I came to the marriage vow, when he rose — as if more conscious of some unseen presence than of mine, and put out his hand, repeating the words after me. ' At this moment a hasty knock was heard at the door. "Mr. Allan, Mr. Allan," said the voice of the chief warder — then there was a moment's pause, broken at length by another voice — that of a woman, crying out, in an entreating tone J " Let me in, Jet me in, for God's sake ! I am Sidnev— Sidnev Cathcart ; indeed, indeed I am !" ' Reuben Tregarvon turned deadly pale. " It is her ghost," he cried, and he made a step forward. Pushing the warder aside with irresistible foree, a girl dashed into the room, and threw herself into Tregarvon's arms. " I am Sidney, I am alive," she cried. " Oh, Reuben, they picked me up at sea — hold t me, I'm drowning, and she fainted before Tregarvon could lay her on the narrow bed. | Suddenly the truth broke in upon me, the I mystery of his conduct was solved. He bent over her with loving words, as she returned to life and to a bewildered conscious ness of where she was. " But they told me," she said presently, still half bewildered, " that you were — were to — be "and she shuddered, '" Ah, not now, not- now," cried Tregarvon, with a sudden touch of human feeling. " Oh, I Mr. Allan, save me ! I can tell all now !" I '"Is this really Sidney Cathcart, the sup- I posed boy, who was with you in the light- I house ?" I asked. I "'Yes, indeed it is," replied Tregarvon, I "and none other — and — one day during the I heavy weather, we were out on the rocks — and I — and— she was reproaching me, when her foot I slipped. In an instant she was swept into I deep water, and carried beyond my reach. I I was about to plunge in after her, when I I suddenly remembered the light. X dared not I run the risk, for, if I were drowned, there j would be no one left to tend the lamp, and I then who could say what disaster might not I happen, what number of lives might not be I sacrificed if a storm-beaten vessel, with no I light , to warn her, should be driven on the I rocks !" . I 4 He broke down here, and dropped his head I upon the girl's shoulder, as she stood clinging I to him. Recovering his voice after a minute, I he went on : I ' " I thought God was very good to let me I die, as perhaps I deserved, and thus expiate I my sin to her ; and perhaps, after long years, 1 to ioin her in Heaven. But now. oh. Mr. 1 Allan, save me, I cannot die now !" and he I strained the almost insensible form to his I heart. 1 Trying to rally my senses after this start- | ling revelation of the truth, I exclaimed : I 4 " You cannot be hanged for the murder of I a boy — of a person who is still living !" The I words sounded almost brutal in their commou- I placeness. I 'The warders had grasped the situation I more rapidly than X had done, and had already I sent a post-haste message to the sheriff, who j soon appeared on the scene. I ' Fortunately, Michael Tregarvon had I lingered in the town, in hopes that his brother I might relent, and see him again. He at once I identified Sidney Cathcart, who, when re- 1 quested by the sheriff to put on a lad's cap, I looked so like a boy that no one present could I be surprised that her sex had never been sus- I pected; By degrees we gathered her story, I told with shame and contrition, and afterwards I verified by thoroughly reliable evidence. I 4 She had, she said, a very unhappy home, j Her mother had married a second fcinie, and I the stepfather was a bad man. Her twin- 1 brother had gone to sea, and she was very I lonely. Her stepfather would not let her go I to service, as she saved him the wages of a I servant, but was not nearly so well treated as xx one iidu Uocii uiicii ' At last one day things came to a climax, and she determined to run away. Opening a drawer of her brother's to take with her some memento of her own father, she came upon the boy's thick winter suit, and the idea entered her head that she could easier get away if dressed in boy's clothes. " And somehow it seemed as if Jim would be taking care of me," she said in her child-like voice. She wished to go to Cornwall, for her grandmother had been a Cornish woman ; but on reaching Falmouth and making inquiry, she had found all her relations dead. A threat of the poorhouse had j alarmed her, and she wandered along the coast until she came to Pol Coed. Here on the outskirts of the place, she chanced upon old Tregarvon, and nad asked him if he knew of any work. He said a boy was wanted for the I Pol Coed lighthouse, and offered to take him I there on trial for three weeks, his turn for I duty coining on that same night. I 'Encouraged by the old man's evident re- I spectability, she had been tempted by the high I wages to accept the offer, and agreed to join I him at the pier that evening at four o'clock. I She went to the little inn, and having only I twopence in her pocket, had not _ very wisely I ordered a pint of ale, which, with the long I walk and keen sea air, had thrown I her into a heavy sleep, from which I she only awoke in time to ran down 1 hastily to the pier. Inquiring, as she had been j told to do, for Reuben Tregarvon, she was I hurried into a boat, and it had pushed off from the land before she discovered that accident ha< L substituted for the grey-haired old man she had agreed with, his son. 'This, then, was the key to Tregarvon's bitter, passionate repentance. Now the petition for pardon, the longing for atonement, were explained to me at least ; none other knew of those communings with God and his own soul. "'But how were you rescued after you slipped off the rocks ?" at last asked the sheriff ' " I do not know. We were together, and I slipped ; the sea was very rough. He was just going to jump in, aud then I saw him look at the lighthouse ; he rushed into the -building for a moment, and returning to the rocks, threw me a life-buoy. I clung to that, and the tide was going out, and I did not know any mote till I found myself on board a Frenph tisbing-boat. I could not make the men under stand me ; they were very kind, and when we landed at Nantes they took me to the consul, who helped me to get back to England — to Falmouth— and I have walked all the way," she concluded, with a not unnatural burst of tears. 'It was clear she really was the missing Sidney Cathcart. I heard no more, as X was summoned back to Tregarvon. The long strain, and its most unexpected termination, had produced the natural result. ' Xt seemed that the almost superhuman self- command had been retained until the clock had begun to strike eight. Thisjpiow unmarked hour was the one on which his thoughts had been fixed for days, and by the time I reached the cell, violent delirium had set in, and the strength of three warders was tasked to hol i the man who hitherto had obeyed their slightest word. His ravings betrayed the working of his mind more intimately than he would ever have permitted any sane words to do ; for Reuben Tregarvon being of an in tensely religiouB, highly-wrought nature, the sin against the poor helpless Sidney was the sin that to him so sorely needed repentance. The horrible doubt whether he had really done his duty in staying by the beacon, rather than in trying to rescue her, had rendered the remaining time he had to pass alone in the lighthouse a _ veritable helL Too religious to seek refuge in suicide, lie hailed the idea of capital punishment as his nnlv ren.1 relief : he courtea death, and had looked forward to it, for by this means it was that he hoped to escape future retribution. "A life for a life," he kept on repeating. He had acted for the best ; he had sinned, and he had repented, and God was coming to the rescue with his great gift of death. That it was an ignominious death — death by the hangman's hands — did not trouble him. It was the gate into the future, the answer to the enigma of life, that by a willing surrender here he might hope for pardon hereafter. He had dreaded a prolonged existence with the eternal question for ever ringing in his ears : "Was I right? Might I have saved her ?" ' Sidney never had any doubt. " He could have done nothing else," she said. " If he had been lost the light would have gone out, and there might have been many lives lost in those storms. Oh, I hope it is not bad for him that I have lived ! I will try and make kim a good wife, though I am sure I never shall be good enough for him. If only he lives ! If only he lives !" she cried again and again in the terribly anxious weeks that followed, when, for my own part, I dreaded life more than death, lest the brain should never recover the awful shock it had borne. ' The poor girl behaved beautif ally all through those dreary days, developing from the silly heedless child, whose thoughtless escapade had nearly ended in so terrible a tragedy, into a thoughtful woman— devoted, watchful, and intelligent. It was mainly due to her nursing that Tregarvon recovered, which he did, slowly and completely, from that strange laud of delirium where the hapless patient wandered so far away from his anxious watchers — where only phantoms are real. 'Again and again did he hold my hand and entreat me, as the executioner, not to let him suffer more than was needful, or he would thank me, believing me to be the warder. ' " He has youth and strength on his side," said the doctor. And truly they asserted themselves as he slowly struggled back to health. in proportion as ne revivea, »ianey snranx more and more into herself, looking each day more ill and depressed. I also noticed that she had several times sent letters to the post, and at length she took courage and opened her heart to me. '"Would it not be much better for him," she said, "if I went away and left him to marry another wife ? For you see, sir, I have been brought up so differently. We did go to church on wet Sundays when we could not go out in the cart, but it was only because we had nothing else -to do, and liked to look at the bonnets and the ladies' dresses, I wrote to mother as soon as I got time, because he never knew I had a mother. Somehow he seemed to think I could not have run away if she were living, and I did not like to tell him ; but mother says she will never have "me back again, but that I may go to a Home ; and I would go there rather than do him any harm," she continued, handing me a letter ill-written and badly spelt. I am sorry to think such a letter ever came from a woman's pen — from a mother to a 'daughter. It showed the hard, narrow selfishness of a woman without charity, aud only used to accumulating petty gains. I have no doubt that much was dictated by the step father, but the coward-fear of the woild, the dread of disgrace, rather than love of the daughter, showed through it clearly. Xt did much to justify Sidney in my eyes. ic me what is right to do, sir," she said. I confess I had had fears that she was morally far inferior to Tregarvon, and many doubts as to how the marriage would answer, but these simple words removed them. Sidney Cathcart had probably never in her life before asked " what was right." She was beginning by truthfulness, repentance, and self-sacrifice, and was feeling after the higher life. ' " You have done well, so far at least," I said ; " for the rest, I think you had better ask Tregarvon." By the scene you have witnessed here at this church porch,' continued the clergyman, after another pause, ' and yonder by the old man's grave this morning, you know what Reuben Tregarvon's answer "was, but I happened to overhear his actual words. Com ing into the condemned cell— for we had not been able ' to move him ; iifdeed, I suppose during the earlier part of his illness he was still a prisoner, and X cannot tell the exact date of the arrival of the young Queen's pardon, as it had come when no earthly voice, even the Queen's, could pierce his ear — coming into the cell for the last time, I Bay— as he was to be removed that even ing — I saw Sidney on her knees by the bed, too far for the beseeching hands to reach her. I could guess the tenor of the faltering words which permitted no interruption till what she had set herself to say was ended. Tregarvon waited till she paused, and theu with a great effort drew her close to him. He tried no argument, he denied none of her word a his only reply, as he threw his arms art uud her, | was : My darling, my wite, ou ! 'Sidney never ou tod y nore. Weak, erring, imperfect as she Tregarvon loved her, and it was enough ' Only one thing remains to be told. A few days after Tregarvon's conduct had become publicly known, a man in a rough pea-coat, | aud with the evident bearing of a sea-captain, called upon me, inquired after lleubeu Tregarvon, and what his future plans were. I said I had no doubt he would accompany his brother to Canada. '"Then," said the captain, "my brother has just died, and left me a house and three hundred acres allotment-land out at a new place there they call London. My ship, the Vesta, was one that weathered the storm, thanks to the Pol Coed beacon, in February last. If the man who kept the lamp alight likes to go and work my laud on balf-protits, . he may ; for," added he, with a falter in his voice, " I had my wife on board (although it was all against rules) that voyage, and, if we had struck on the reef, I should have had to save the passengers first, and we had only two boats, and one hundred and fifty souls on board ! So, Heaven bless Reuben Tregarvon ! It was my wife's thought," he added. "There's the papers — just look, sir, and see that they are all right and he hurried from the room. Tregarvon is like many here, as I pointed out to you before, half-farmer, half- fisherman, and will, no doubt, succeed well.' 'Thank you, indeed,' I said, as Mr. Allan concluded his narrative, and we rose from our seats in the porch. ' I never heard a stranger story ; I am more set than ever on having Tregarvon's head.' ' Well, your best chance is to go to Falmouth this evening. They lodge for one night at the little wayside inn, The May Flower, and you might get a sitting.' I did go to The May Flower, and prevailed on Tregarvon to give me an hour, bribing him with a promise of a sketch of his father's grave, but we neither of us referred to what the rector had been telling me of the way in which his marriage had come about. Here ended Pengarth's manuscript, and in a few minutes I heard my friend return. He had something of the Cornish gift of silence about him, for he asked no question as to how the story had struck me. He merely went to the folio sketches, and we were soon immersed in practical details of roads, inns, and convey ances. Only, when I was obliged to go, he said : ' If you go straight to Pol Coed, I will get you to take this to the rector and he showed me a sketch of St. Stephen, with the features of Tregarvon, and the words under it were : ' He that seeketh his life shall lose it, but he that loseth his life shall find it. ' In a little over a month's time I was at Pol Coed, and climbing the hill to the churchyard and the rectory. There before me lay the subject of Pengarth's water-colour drawing, not in the tender greyish tints of early spring, but in the flush and beauty of midsummer, verging upon early autumn. The corn rustled ripely, ready for the sickle ; the poppies flamed ; the cry of the sea-birds came mingled with the low monotone of the waves ; the grasshoppers chirped. I breathed the pure air, and thanked Heaven for the mere gift of life in such a scene. I took no warning from the dead beneath my feet. I only noticed the little village of Pol Coed, to think how charming it would be to spend one's days there. I did not observe that the blinds of the rectory were drawn down ; in such heat it was nothing remarkable. But the door bell, when I rang it, sounded with a strange hollow sound, and the woman who answered it was weeping bitterly. ' He's dead, sir,' she sobbed, in reply to my inquiries for the Rev. Stephen Allan ; ' he's dead of the fever ; it has been raging down there these two months past,' and she pointed to the smiling village under the cliff, 'and he has been nursing and teaching every one, and there have been no new cams since he's been took ; perhaps he is taken for all of them — sinners that we are never to have heeded his words before. No, sir, you must not go in ; his last words were, when he was stricken for aeatn; tnat no one was to come near mm, living or dead, and we were to close the coffin at once, and he's to be buried this evening and she added, with a fresh outbreak of weeping, ' we shall never seethe like of him again.' Yes, the smiling village was a pest-hole of typhoid fever. Mr. Allan's vigorous measures and sanitary knowledge had stayed the plague, but the shepherd had laid down his -life for his sheep. 'lhe friend with whom he had made the ex change of livings came that evening to read the funeral service, amidst the sobs of the crowd of parishioners that encircled the grave. Into his hands X gave Pengarth's sketch of St. Stephen, and he placed it in the church over the tablet 'To the Memory of Stephen Allan, Clerk,' where the gilt aureole and elaborate vestments are much admired by the congregation ; but none have discovered in the saint the features of Reuben Tregarvon. It was sent there by the painting gentle man,' is now always the explanation to visitors to Pol Coed church ; ' because, you see, sir, as how the rector's first name was Stephen.' Truly, all callings have their possibilities of martyrdom ! — All the Year Bound. 