CHAl'TElt V. THE COUSINS. Mr. Spencer Rowley Arling ton did not loavo Ghoulbury quito as soon as ho expected. Lawyer Yeatman had n way of meaning what he said, howover mild the voice in which he spoke; and the very necessary thousand pounds was not forthcoming till after several inter views and much writing, despite the pathetic appeals of Mr. Arlington and the repeated assurance that his word was his bond, and that he had a wretched head for business. At last, however, the ehoquo was handed over, a house was secured at Southsea by ^telegraphing to an agent, and one bright spring morn ing, when even the tomb-like groy stone house had lost somo of its de pressing sombreness, Mr. Arlington, accompanied by bis daughter and Marmaduko Thorpe, loft by the ex press for London. The next morning landed them at Portsmouth, and a short drive ! sufficed to bring them to " the gen teel family mansion," which had been rented for three months certain by Miss Sarah Thorpe's heir. It was not a large house, but it was as showy as turrets and pinna cles could make it; moreover, it was in a, fashionable situation, and com manded a view over the common of the sea glittering and sparkling in the spring sunshine, of the 6hips ly ing at anchor at Spithead, and of the distant Isle of Wight, misty in a pale violet haze. Mr. Arlington was in delightful spirits; he had flown from the de pression of Ghoulbury, he had got rid of Abel Yeatman for the time (and Spencer Arlington only lived in the present); and having bought a Navy List in London, and studied it all the way down on the train, he had found that several officers with whom ho had some sort of acquain tance were located in Portsmouth and the neighbourhood, so that, with his replenished purse, ho was not j likely to bo dull for the lack of com pany. The Admiral, the Colonel, Lord This, and Sir That—all his very dear friends—were, somo inbarracks some on board harbour ships, aud somo in lodgings, but all, ho was convinced, waiting to greet liini with open arms ; considering which it was a very friendly and cousinly act to make his first call on so unimportant a person as Mrs. Bex, in order to obtain from her the latest news of Cynthia Haj'e. Mrs. Bex was not at home, but Sam was, and Mr. Arlington suc ceeded in so bemuddling Sam's honest brain with his flow of words his compliments on his bravery, his congratulations on his escape from the shipwreck, and his questions about Cynthia, that when his wife returned from a friendly chat with Mrs. Sherratt she found her lord and master leaning back in hiB chair in a state of speechless bewilderment, with no very clear idea of what had taken place further than that ho was Mr. Spencer Arlington's " dearest friend," and that the Ad miralty was to be "spoken to" &bout; him. Mrs. Bex shook her head distrust fully. I hope ho don't mean any harm to our poor lamb," she said. But for the good-hearted sailor's wife it might have gone very hard indeed with Cynthia during the fortnight which elapsed between the crushing out of all hope from her young heart and the arrival of the Spencer Arlingtons at Southsea; but "tho motherly woman, pitying the girl from the depths of her capacious bosom, had comforted her, cheered her, and after the first great par oxysm of grief and dismay was over, had succeeded, aided by the bright sunshine, in bringing back somo faint tinge of colour to her cheeks, and an occasional faint ghost of a smile to her lips. With tho assuagement of her sor row cameto Cynthia the bewildering question of what her future was to be. She had always been told that she possessed a small income be queathed hor by her father, but what it was, and what steps she should tako to obtain it, were far too deep matters for her to solve; and Mrs. Bex could do no more than suggest that " them lawyers " might be able to toll hor all about it. She however, coupled this advice with an urgent rocommendation that she should lot things "bide a bit," sho oxpocting daily a reply to the letter she had addressed to Miss Thorpe, a fact, howover, she thought better not to mention to Cynthia. Cynthia llaye sat in tho little room of tho lodging-liouso in which Bhe had found a temporary home, with a little—very little—heap of silver and gold before her, and a lit tle packet of unreceipted bills. (To bo cvntinucd..) R Ki.ies,'—A mine has Loon found iu n mouutainnearSakLurg-,Austria, which, it is coiuideroJ, gives indica tions of Laving Loon occupied and abandoned at least 2(300 years ngo. It contains a large and confused mass of timbers, which, were used for support, and a number of miners implements. The timbers ' were notched and sharpened,(but were sub ject to an inundation, and left in confused heaps. The implements were mainly wooden shovels, axe handles, etc. Among tlio relics, also, was a basket made of untanned raw hide, a piece of cloth woven of coarse wool, the fibre of which is very even, and still in good preservation, and a torch, "bound together with flax fibre. The probabilities are that the ancient salt miners wore overtaken by the flooding of the mine, as mummified bodies have been discovered also. The find seems to have belonged to the pre-Roman times, as the axe handles were evidently used for, bronze axes, some specimeus of which have been found upon the surface of tlie mountain. The relics are of a high order, the basket being superior even to some that were used in the early historic times. Women especially in tlie higher circles, shrink naturally from intoxicating liquors. Even when constrained to take an inebriating portion, as a medical neccessity, they evince a repugnance cnaracteristie of their antiphlo gistic ideas. Now it is an indisputable fact, the most delicate females hare not only taken Udolpho "Wolfe's Sdiieilam Aromatic SetnapB without compunction, bat elated with its tonic effects have preferred it to all o hers. Valuable Discover fob the Hair—If your hair is turning grey or white or falling off, use the ' Mexican Hair Eenewer,' for it will noiselessly 'restore in every case grit/ or white hair to its original colour, without leav ing the disagreeable smell of most ' Bestor ers.' It is as well for promoting the growth of the hair on bald epots where the glands are not decayed. Ask your chemist for 1'he Mexi can Hair Reneweb,' sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s. fid per bottle. Wholesale depot removed to 33 Farringdon Road, London. Flobiline !—For the teeth and Breath. A few drops of liquid Floriline sprinkled on ft tooth-brush produce a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasite or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay gives to the teeth a particu lar pearly whiteness and a delightful fragrauco to the breath. It removes aU unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tol acc smoke, ' The Fragrant Floriline,' being com posed in part of honey and swoet herbs is de licious to the taste and the greatost toilet dis covery of the age. Price 3s Cd, of aU Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to 33. Faningdon Koad, London. Tnito.'.? Affection and IIoaiiseness.—All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use lit 'Brown's Drouchial Troches.' These ■famous lozenges arc now sold by most respectable chemists in this country at Is Cd per box. People troubled w ith a bucking ! cougli, ' a slight cold,'or bronchial affection i cannot try them too soon as similar troubles, it alloTed to progress, result in serious Pul l inonnry and Asthmatic affections. See that the words '■ lirowu's 13ronehial Troches" arc on the Government Stamp around each box. Prepared by J ons I. i'.nown & Sr>NS, lioston U.S. European depot removed to 33, Far ringdonKoad, London. Advice to Mothers,—Aro you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting its teeth? Go at once to the Chemist's und get a bottle of Mrs. Winlow's Soothing Syrup. It will relieve the poor suf ferer immediately, It is perfectly harinhss and pleasant to taste, it produces natural quiet*sleep by relieving the child from pain and the little chcrub wakes as bright as a button. It soothes the chiid, it softens the gums, allays ah pain, relievos the wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for djsentery and diarrhoea whether rising from teething or other causes, Mrs. Winlow's Soothing Syrup is sold by medicine dealers everywhere at Is lid per bottle. Hollowat's Tills.—Easy Digestion.— These admiral Pills cannot be too highly appre-., ciated for the wholesome power they exert over all disorders to the stomach, liver bowels and kidneys. They instantaneously relieve and steadily work out thorough cure, and in its course dispel headache, biliousness, flatulence and depression of spirits. It is wonderful to watch the daily improvement of the complex ion as Uolloway's Pills purify the blood and restore plutnpnosa to tho face wnich has lost both flesh and colour. These Pills combine every excellence desirable in a domestic rem edy. Ihe most'certain and beneficial results flow, from the occasional use of tho regular medicine ; even persons iu health, or when ollowiug sedentary occupation, will And it an invaluable aperient. j 