Flotsam and Jetsam. The Black Poodle. BY F.ANSTEY, in Longman's Magazine. I HAVE set myself the [?]sk of relating in the course of this story, without suppressing or altering a single detail, the most painful and humiliating episode in my life. I do this, not because it will give me the least pleasure, but simply because it affords me an opportunity of extenuating myself which has hitherto been wholly denied to me. As a general rule I am quite aware that to publish a lengthy explanation of one's conduct in any questionable transaction is not the best means of recovering a lost reputation; but in my own case there is one to whom I shall never more be permitted to justify myself by word of mouth —even if I found myself able to attempt it And, as she could not possibly think worse of me than she does at present, I write this, knowing it can do me no harm, and faintly hoping that it may come to her notice and suggest » doubt whether I am quite so unscrupulous a villain, so consummate a hypocrite, as I have been forced to appear in her eyes. The bare chance of such a result makes me perfectly indifferent to all else: I cheerfully expose to the derision of the whole reading world the story of my weakness and my shame, since by doing so I may possibly rehabilitate myself somewhat in the good opinion of one person. Having said so much, I will begin my confession without further delay :— My name is Algernon Weatherhead, and I may add that I am in one of the Government departments; that I am an only son, and live at home with my mother. We had had a house at Hammersmith until just before the period covered by this history, when, our lease expiring, my mother decided that my health required country air at the close of tho day, and so we took a " desirable villa residence on one of the many new building estates which have lately sprung up in such profusion in the home counties. We have called it " Wistaria Villa." It is a pretty little place, the last of a row of detached villas, each with its tiny rustic carriage gato and gravel sweep in front, and lawn enough for a tennis court behind, which lines the road leading over tho hill to the railway station. I could certainly have wished that our land lord, shortly after giving us the agreement, could have found some other place to hang himself in than one of our attics, for the consequence was that a housemaid left us in violent hysterics about every two months, having learnt the tragedy from the tradespeople, and naturally "seen a somethink" immediately afterwards. Still it is a pleasant house, and I can now almost forgive the landlord for what I shall always consider an act of gross selfishness on his part. In the country a next-door neighbour is something more than a mere numeral; he is a possible acquaintance, who will at least consider a new-comer as worth the experiment of a call. I soon knew that " Shuturgarden," the next house to our own, was occupied by a Colonel Ourrie, a retired Indian officer, and often, as across the low boundary wall I caught a glimpse of a graceful girlish figure flitting about amongst the rose-bushes in the neighbouring garden, I would lose myself in pleasant anticipations of a time not far distant when the wall which separated us would be (meta phorically) levelled. I remember -ah, how vividly !—the thrill of excitement with which I heard from my mother, on returning from town one evening, that the Curries had called, and seemed disposed to be all that was neighbourly and kind. I remember, too, the Sunday afternoon on which I returned their call—alone, as ray mother had already done so during the week. I was standing on the steps of the Colonel's villa waiting for the door to open, when I was startled by a furious snarling and yapping be hind, and, looking round, discovered a large poodle in the act of making for my legs. He was a coal- black poodle, with half of his right ear gone, and absurd little thick mous taches at the end of his nose: he was shaved in the sham-lion fashion, which is considered, for some mysterious reason, to improve a poodle, but the barber had left sundry little tufts of hair which studded his haunches capriciously. I could not help being reminded, as I looked at him, of another black poodle which Faust entertained for a short time, with unhappy results, and I thought that a very moderate degree of incantation would be enough to bring the fiend out of this brute. He made me intensely uncomfortable, for I am of a slightly nervous temperament, with a constitutional horror of dogs and a liability to attacks of diffidence on performing the ordinary social rites under the most favourable con ditions, and certainly the consciousness that a strange and apparently savage dog was engaged in worrying the heels of my "boots was the reverse of reassuring. The Curric family received me with all possible kindness : "So charmed to make your acquaintance, Mr. Weatherhead," said Mrs. Currie, as I shook hands. " I see," she added pleasantly, " you've brought the doggie in with you." As a matter of fact, I had brought the doggie in at the ends of my coat-tails, but it was evidently no unusual occurrence for visitors to appear in this undignified manner, for she detached him quite as a matter of course, and. as soon as I was sufficiently collected, we fell into conversation. I discovered that the Colonel and his wife were childless, and the slender willowy figure I had seen across the garden wall was that of Lilian Roscblade, their niece and adopted daughter. She came into the room shortly afterwards, and I felt, as I went through the form of an introduction, that her sweet fresh face, shaded by soft masses of dusky brown hair, more than justified all the dreamy hopes and fancies with which I had looked forward to that moment. She talked to me in a pretty confidential appealing way, which 1 have heard her dearest friends censure as childish and affected, but I thought then that her manner had an indescrib able charm and fascination about it, and tho memory of it makes my heart acho now with a pang that is not all pain. Even before the Colonel made his appearance I had begun to see that my oneiny, the poodle, oooupied an exceptional position in that house hold. It was abundantly clear by the time I took my leave. He seemed to be the centre of their domestic system, and even lovely Lilian revolved contentedly around him as a kind of satellite; he oould do no wrong in his owner's oyes, his prejudices (and he was a narrow-minded animal) were rigorously respected, and all domestic arrangements were made with a primary view to his convenience. I may be wrong, but I cannot think that it is wise to put any poodle upon such a pedestal as that. How this one in particular, as ordinary a quadruped as ever breathed, had contrived to impose thus upon his infatuated proprietors, I never could understand, but so it was—he even engrossed the chief part of the conversa tion, which, after any lull, seemed to veer round to him by a sort of natural law. I had to endure a long biographical sketch of him —what a society paper would call an " anec dotal photo"—and each fresh anecdote seemed to me to exhibit the depraved malignity of the beast in a more glaring light, and render the doting admiration of the family more astound ing than ever. r< Did you tell Mr. Weatherhead, Lily, about Bingo" (Bingo was the poodle's preposterous name) " and Tacks ? No ? Oh, I must tell him that—it'll make him laugh. Tacks is our gardener down in the village (d'ye know Tacks?). Well, Tacks was up here the other day, nailing up some trellis work at the top of a bidder, and all the time there was Master Bingo sitting quietly at the foot of it looking on; wouldn't leave it on any account. Tacks said he was quite company for him. Well, at last, when Tacks had finished and was coming down, what do you think that rascal there did? Just sneaked quietly up behind and nipped him in both calves and ran off. Been looking out for that the whole time ! Ha, ha!—deep that, eh ?" I agreed with an inward shudder that it was very deep, thinking privately that, if this was a specimen of Bingo's usual treatment of the natives, it would be odd if he did not find him self deeper still before—probably ju»l before— he died. " Poor faithful old doggie!" murmured Mrs. Currie; "he thought Tacks was a nasty burglar, didn't he ? he wasn't going to see master robbed, was he?" " Capital house-dog, Bir,"struckinthe Colonel. " Gad, I shall never forget how he made poor Heavisides run for it the other day ! Ever met Hcavisides, of the Bombay Fusiliers? Well, Heavisides was staying here, and the dog met him one morning as he was coming down from the bath-room. Didn't recognise him in ' pyjamas' and a dressing-gown, of course, and made at him. He kept poor old Heavisides outside the landing window on the top of the cistern for a quarter of an hour, till 1 had to come and raise the siege !" Such were the stories of that abandoned dog's blunder-headed ferocity to which I was forced to listen, while all the time the brute sat opposite me on the hearthrug, blinking at mo from under his shaggy mane with his evil bleared eyes, and deliberating where he would have me when I rose to go. This was the beginning of an intimacy which soon displaced all ceremony. It was very pleasant to go in there after dinner, even to sit with the Colonel over his claret and hear more stories about Bingo, for afterwards I could go into the pretty drawing-room and take my tea from Lilian's hands ana listen while she played Schubert to us in the summer twilight. The poodle was always in the way, to be sure, but even his ugly black head seemed to lose some of its ugliness and ferocity when Lilian laid her pretty hand on it. On the whole I think that the Currie family were well disposed towards me; the Colonel considering me as a harmless specimen of the average eligible young man—which I certainly was—and Mrs. Currie showing me favour for my mother's sake, for whom she had taken a strong liking. As for Lilian, I believed I saw that she soon suspected the state of my feelings towards her, and was not displeased by it. I looked forward with some hopefulness to a day when I could declare myself with no fear of a repulse. But it was a serious obstacle in my path that I could not secure Bingo's good opinion on any terms. The family would often lament this pathetically themselves. "You see," Mrs. Currie would observe in apology, " Bingo is a dog that does not attach himself easily to strangers"— though for that matter I thought he was un pleasantly ready to attach himself to me. I did try hard to conciliate him. I brought him propitiatory buns—which was weak and ineffectual, as he ate them with avidity, and hated me as bitterly as ever, for he had conceived from the first a profound contempt for me and a distrust which no blandishments of mine could remove. Looking back now, I am inclined to think it was a prophetic instinct that warned him of what was to come upon him through my instrumentality. Only his approbation was wanting to establish for me a firm footing with the Curries, and perhaps determine Lilian's wavering heart in my direction: but, though I wooed that inflexible poodle with an assiduity I blush to remember, he remained obstinately firm. Still, day by day, Lilian's treatment of me was more encouraging ; day by day I gained in the esteem of her uncle and aunt; I tjegan to hope that soon I should be able to disregard canine influence altogether. Now there was one inconvenience about our villa (besides its flavour of suicide) which it is necessary to mention here. By common consent all the cats of the neighbourhood had selected our garden for their evening reunions. I fancy that a tortoiscshell kitchen cat of ours must have been a sort of leader of local feline society—l know she was "at home," with music and recitations, on most evenings. My poor mother found this interfere with her after-dinner nap, and no wonder, for if a cohort of ghosts had been "shrieking and squealing," as Calpurnia puts it, in our back garden, or it had been fitted up as a creche For a nursery of goblin infants in the agonies of teething, the noise could not possibly have been more unearthly. We sought for some means of getting rid of the nuisance: there was poison of course, but we thought it would have an invidious appear ance, and even lead to legal difficulties, it each dawn were to discover an assortment of cats expiring in hideous convulsions in various parts of the same garden. Firearms, too, were open to objection and would scarcely assist my mother's slumbers, so for some timo we were at a loss for a remedy. At last, ono day, walking down the Strand, I chanced to soe (in an cvii hour) what struck me as the very thing—it was an air-gun of superior construction displayed in a gunsmith's window. I went in at once, purchased it, and took it home in triumph ; it would be noiseless, and would reduce the local average of cats without scandal —one or two examples, and feline fashion would soon migrate to a more secluded spot. I lost no time in putting this to the proof. That same evening I lay in wait after dusk at the study window, protecting my mother's repose. Ah soon as I heard the lone-drawn wail, the preliminary sputter, and the wild stampede that followed, I let fly in the direction of the sound. I suppose I must have some thing of the national sporting instinct in me, for ray blood was tingling with excitement; but the feline constitution assimilates lead without serious inconvenience, and I begun to fear that no trophy would remain to bear witness to my marksmanship. But all at once I made out a dark indistinct form slinking in from behind the bushes. I waited till it crossed a belt of light which streamed from the back kitchen below me, and then I took careful aim and pulled the trigger. This time at least I had not failed—there was a smothered yell, a rustle —and then silence again. I ran out with the calm pride of a successful revenge to bring in the body of ray victim, and I found underneath a laurel, no predatory tom-cat, but (as the discerning reader will no doubt have foreseen long since) the quivering carcase of the Colonel's black poodle! I intend to set down here the exact unvar nished truth, and I confess that at first, when I knew what I had done, I was not sorry. I was quite innocent of any intention of doing it, but I felt no regret. I even laughed—mad man that I was—at the thought that there was the end of Bingo at all events; that impediment was removed, my weary task of conciliation was over for ever! But soon the reaction came; I realised the tremendous nature of my deed, and shuddered. I had done that which might banish me from Lilian's side for ever! All unwittingly I had slaughtered a kind of sacred beast, the animal around which the Currie household had wreathed their choicest affections! How was I to break it to them? Should I send Bingo in with a card tied to his neck and my regrets and com pliments ? That was too much like a present of game. Ought I not to carry him in myself ? I would wreathe him in the best crape, I would put on black for him—the Curries would hardly consider a taper and a white sheet, or sack cloth and ashes, an excessive form of atonement —but I could not grovel to quite such an abject extent. I wondered what the Colonel would say. Simple and hearty as a general rule, he had a hot temper on occasions, and it made rao ill as I thought would he, and, worse still, would Lilian believe it was really an accident ? They knew what an interest I had in silencing the deceased poodle—would they believe the simple truth? I vowed that they should believe me. My genuine remorse and the absence of all conceal ment on my part would speak powerfully for me. I would choose a favourable time for ray confession ; that very evening I would tell all. Still I shrank from the duty before me, and as I knelt down sorrowfully by the dead form, and respectfully composed his stiffening limbs, I thought that it was unjust of Fate to place a well- meaning man, whose nerves were not of iron, in such a position. Then, to my horror, I heard a well-known ringing tramp on the road outside, and smelt the peculiar fragrance of a Burmese cheroot. It was the Colonel himself, who had been taking out the doomed Bingo for his usual evening run. I don't know how it was exactly, but a sudden panic came over me. I held my breath, and tried to crouch down unseen behind the laurels; but he had seen me, and came over at once to speak to me across the hedge. He stood there, not two yards from his favourite's body ! Fortunately it was unusually dark that evening. " Ha, there you are, eh ?" he began heartily; " don't rise, my boy; don't rise." I was trying to put myself in front of the poodle, and did not rise—at least, only my hair did. " You're out late, ain't you ?' he went on ; " laying out your garden, hey V I could not tell him that I was laying out his poodle ! My voice shook as, with a guilty confusion that was veiled by the dusk, I said it was a tine evening—which it was not. "Cloudy, sir,"saidtheColonel, "cloudy—rain before morning, I think. By the way, have you seen anything of my Bingo in here?" This was the turning point. What I ought to have done was to say mournfully, " Yes, I'm sorry to say I've had a most unfortunate accident with him—here he is—the fact is, I'm afraid I've $hot him!" But I couldn't. I could have told him at my own time, in a prepared form of words —but not then. I felt 1 must use all my wits to gain time and fence with the questions. " Why," I said, with a leaden airiness, "he hasn't given you the slip, has he ?" " Never did such a thing in his life !" said the Colonel warmly; "he rushed off after a rat or a frog or something a few minutes ago, and as I stopped to light another cheroot I lost sight of mm. I thought I saw him slip in under your gate, but I've been calling him from the front there and he won't come out." No, and he never would come out any more. But the Colonel must not be told that just yet. I temporised again: " If," I said unsteadily. "if he had slippea in under the gate, I should have seen him. Perhaps he took it into his head to run home ?" "Oh, I shall find him on the doorstep, I expect, the knowing old scamp! Why, what d'ye think was the last thing he did now ?" I could have given him the very latest intelligence; but I dared not. However, it was altogether too ghastly to kneel there and laugh at anecdotes of Bingo told across Bingo's dead body; I could not stand that! "Listen," I said suddenly, " wasn't that his bark ? There again ; it seems to come from the front of your house, don't you think ?" "Well," said the Colonel, "I'll go and fasten him up before he's off again. How your teeth are chattering—you've caught a chill, man—go indoors at once, and, if you feel equal to it, look in half-an-hour later, about grog time, and I'll tell you all about it. Compliments to your mother. Don't forget--about grog time !" I had got rid of him at last, and I wiped my fore head, gasping with relief. I would go round in half-an-hour and then I should be prepared to make my melancholy announcement. For, even then, I never thought of any other course, until suddenly it flashed upon me with terrible clearness that my miserable shuffling by the hedge hod made it impossible to tell the truth! I had not told a direct lie, to be sure, but then I had given the Colonel the impression that I had denied having seen the dog. Many people can appease their consciences by reflecting that, whatever may be the effect their words produce, they did contrive to steer clear of a downright lie. I never quite knew where the distinction lay, morally, but there is that feeling—l have it myself. Unfortunately, prevarication has this draw back, that, if ever the truth comes to light, the prevaricator ia in just the same case as if he had lied to the most shameless extent, and for a man to point out that the words he used con tained no absolute falsehood will seldom restore confidence. I might of course still tell the Colonel of ray misfortune, and leave him to infer that it had happened after our interview, but the poodle was fast becoming cold and stitF, ana they would most probably suspect the real time of the occurrence. And then Lilian would hear that I had told a string of falsehoods to her uncle over the dead body of their idolised Bingo—an act, no doubt, of abominable desecration, of unspeakable pro fanity in her eyes! If it would have been difficult before to pre vail on her to accept a blood-stained hand, it would be impossible after that. No, I had burnt my ships, I was cut off for ever from the straightforward course; that one moment of indecision had decided my conduct in spite of me—l must go on with it now and keep up the deception at all hazards. It was bitter. I had always tried to preserve as many of the moral principles which had been instilled into me as can be conveniently retained in this grasping world, and it had been my pride that, roughly speaking, I had never been guilty of an unmistakable falsehood. But henceforth, if I meant to win Lilian, that boast must be relinquished for ever! I should have to lie now with all my might, without limit or scruple, to dissemble incessantly, and " wear a mask," as the poet Bunn beautifully expressed it long ago, "over my hollow heart. I felt all this keenly—l did not think it was right—but what was Ito do? After thinking all this out very carefully, I decided that my only course was to bury the poor animal where lie fell and Bay nothing about it. With some vague idea of precaution I first took off the silver collar he wore, and then hastily interred him with a garden- trowel and succeeded in removing all traces of the disaster. I fancy I felt a certain relief in the knowledge that there would now be no necessity to tell my pitiful story and risk the loss of my neighbours' esteem. By-and-by, I thought, I would plant a rose tree over his remains, and some day as Lilian and I, in the noontide of our domestic bliss, stood before it admiring its creamy luxuriance, I might (perhaps) find courage to confess that the tree owed some of that luxuriance to the long-lost Bingo. There was a touch of poetry in this idea that lightened my gloom for the moment. I need scarcely say that I did not go round to Shuturgardcn that evening. I was not hardened enough for that yet —my manner might betray me, and so I very prudently stayed at home. But that night my sleep was broken by frightful dreams. I was perpetually trying to bury a great gaunt poodle, which would persist in rising up through the damp mould as fast as I covered him up. ... Lilian and I were engaged, and we were in church together on Sunday, and the poodle, resisting all attempts to eject him, forbade our banns with sepulchral barks. ... It was our wedding-day, and at the critical moment the poodle leaped between us and swallowed the ring. . . . Or we were at the wedding breakfast, and Bingo, a grizzly black skeleton with flaming eyes, sat on the cake and would not allow Lilian to cut it. Even the rose-tree fancy was reproduced in a distorted form—the tree grew and every blossom contained a miniature Bingo, which barked; and as I woke I was desperately trying to persuade the Colonel that they were ordinary dog-roses. I went up to the office next day with my gloomy secret gnawing my bosom, and whatever I did the spectre of the murdered poodle rose before me. For two days after that I dared not go near the Curries, until at last one evening after dinner I forced myself to call, feeling that it was really not safe to keep away any longer. My conscience smote me as I went in. I put on an unconscious easy manner, which was such a dismal failure that it was lucky for me that they were too much engrossed to notice it. I never before saw a family so stricken down by a domestic misfortune as the group I found in the drawing-room, making a dejected pre tense of reading or working. We talked at first —and hollow talk it was—on indifferent subjects, till I could bear it no longer, and plunged boldly into danger. " I don't see the dog, I began. " I suppose you—you found him all right the other even ing, Colonel ?" I wondered as I spoke whether they would not notice the break in my voice, but they did not. " Why, the fact is," said the Colonel heavily, gnawing his gray moustache, " we've not heard anything of mm since : he's—he's run off 1" Gone, Mr. Weatherhead; gone without a word !" said Mrs. Currie plaintively, as if she thought the dog might at least have left an address. " I wouldn't have believed it of him," said the Colonel; "it has completely knocked me over. Haven't been so cut up for years—the ungrate ful rascal!" "Oh, Uncle !"pleaded Lilian," don't talk like that; perhaps Bingo couldn't help it—perhaps some one has s-s-shot him!" "Shot!" cried the Colonel angrily. "By heaven! if I thought there was a villain on earth capable of shooting that poor inoffensive dog, I'd Why should they shoot him, Lilian ? Tell me that! I—l hope you won't let me hear you talk like that agaiu. You don't think he's snot, eh, Weatherhead ?" I said —Heaven forgive me I—that I thought it highly improbable. " He's not dead 1" cried Mrs. Currie. "If he were dead I should know it somehow—l'm sure I should! But I'm certain he's alive. Only last night I had such a beautiful dream about him. I thought he came back to us, Mr. Weatherhead, driving up in a hansom tab, and he was just the same as ever—only ho wore blue spectacles, and the shaved part of him was painted a bright red. And I woke up with the joy—so, you know, it's sure to come true!" It will be easily understood what torture conversations like these were to me, and how I hated myself as I sympathised and spoke en couraging words concerning the dog's recovery, when I knew all the time he was lying hid under ray garden mould. But I took it as part of my punishment, and bore it all uncomplain ingly ; practice oven made mo an adept in the art of consolation—l believe I really was a great comfort to them. I hod hoped that they would -soon get otvr the first bitterness of their loss, and thai Biteo would be first replaced and then forgtvUcß Tnt the usual way ; but there seemed no, signß of; this coming to pass. The poor Colonel was too ptatoly fretting himßelf ill about it; he went pottering about. forlornly—advertising, searching, and seeing people, but all of course to no purpose, and it told upon him. He was more like a man whose only son and heir had been stolen, than an Anglo-Indian officer who had lost a poodle. I haa to affect the liveliest interest in all his inquiries and expeditions, and to listen to, and echo, the most extravagant eulogies of the departed, and the wear and tear of so much duplicity made me at last almost as ill as the Colonel himself. I could not help seeing that Lilian was not nearly so much impressed by my elaborate con cern as her relatives; and sometimes I detected an incredulous look in her frank brown eyes that made me very uneasy. Little by little a rift widened between us, until at last in despair I determined to know the worst before the time came when it would be hopeless to speak at all. I chose a Sunday evening as we were walking across the green from church in the golden dusk, and then I ventured to speak to her of my love. She heard me to the end, and was evidently very much agitated. At last she murmured that it could not be, unless—no, it never could be now. "Unless what ?" I asked. " Lili an—Miss Rose blade, something has come between us lately: you will tell me what that something is, won't you?' "Do you want to know really?" she said, looking up at me through her tears. "Then I'll tell you: it—it's Bingo 1" I started back overwhelmed. Did she know all ? If not, how much did she suspect ? I must find out that at once! " What about Bingo V I managed to pronounce, with a dry tongue. " You never Moved him when he was here," ahe sobbed; " you know you didn't I" I was relieved to find it was no worse than this. " No," I said candidly, " I did not love Bingo. Bingo didn't love me, Lilian j he was always looking out for a chance of nipping me some where. Surely you wont quarrel with me for that!" " Not for that." she said; " only why do you pretend to be so fond of him now, and so anxious to get him back again ? Uncle John believes you, but I don't. I can see quite well that you wouldn't be glad to find him. You could find him easily if you wanted to 1" "What do you mean, Lilian ?"I said hoarsely. "How could I find him?" Again I feared the worst. "You'rein a Governmentoffice,"cried Lilian, " and if you only chose, you could easily g-get G-Government to find Bingo ! What's the use of Government if it can't do that? Mr. Travers would have found him long ago if I'd asked him!" Lilian had never been so childishly un reasonable as this before, and yet I loved her more madly than ever; but I did not like this allusion to Travers, a rising barrister, who lived with his sister in a pretty cottage near the station, and had shown symptoms of being attracted by Lilian. He was away on circuit just then, luckily, but at least even he would have found it a hard task to find Bingo—there was comfort in that. " Youknow that isn't just, Lilian," I observed. "But only tell me what you want me to do?" " Bub—bub—bring back Bingo !" she said. "Bring back Bingo !"I cried in horror. " But suppose I can't —suppose he's out of the country, or—or dead, what then Lilian ?" " I can't help it," she said; " but I don't believe he is out of the country or dead. And while I see you pretending to Uncle that you cared awfully about him, and going on doing nothing at all, it makes me think you're not quite—quite sincere ! And I couldn't possibly marry anyone while I thought that of him. And I shall always have that feeling unless you find Bingo 1" It was of no use to argue with her; I knew Lilian by that time. With her pretty caressing manner she united a latent obstinacy which it was hopeless to attempt to shake. I feared, too, that she was not quite certain as yet whether she cared for me or not, and that this condition of hers was an expedient to gain time, I left her with a heavy heart. Unless I proved my worth by bringing back Bingo within a very short time Travers would probably have everything his own way. And Bingo was dead! However, I took heart. I thought that per haps if I could succeed by my earnest efforts in persuading Lilian that I really was doing all in my power to recover the poodle, she might relent in time, and dispense with his actual production. So, partly with this obiect, and partly to appease the remorse which now revived and stung me deeper than before, I undertook long and weary pilgrimages after office hours. I spent many pounds in advertisements; I inter viewed dogs of every size, colour, and breed, and of course I took care to keep Lilian in formed of each successive failure. But still her heart was not touched, she was firm; if I went on like that, she told me, I was certain to find Bingo one day—then, but not before, would her doubts be set at rest. [TO BE CONTINUKD.I Silence is the better part of some oratore' elo quence. Fashionable Intelligence.—Long dresses mako clean orossings. In South Carolina a coloured preacher puta his foot on excessive bribery at elections and crushes it "Disting,"he saya, "ob gittin' one hundred dollars for a vote is all wrong; ton dollars is as much as it's worf!" The advocates of the short way of spelling are circulating this:—"A little fellow in a primary school was asked by his teacher to spoil the word knife. After he had correctly done so ho added, •But what's tho k for?'" Kerosene is a very convenient and Inoxpon sivo auxiliary to the kitchen flro, but is not to be recommended on the score of economy, as tho funeral expenses usually more than offset the saving in fuel. Henry Ward Beechkr said, when referring to the death of Thnrlow Weed, that when he himself died some would perhaps shed tears and some would laugh, wheroupon a Now York writer says it is the lifo and not the death of Mr. Beechcr that will provoko laughtor. Said Fogg to a policeman: "Can you tell me, sir, through what streets the Transit of Venus is to pass 1" " Sorr i" asked the city guardian. " Tho transit," exclaimed Fogg, "tho transit of Venus. you know, takes place to-day; thought you might tell what streets it passes through." Policeman: 41 Musht bo mishtake. sorr. At onny rate, there was no detail at our shtation." Among anecdotes of flrel nights of now pieces. the following deserves a placo: It was tno first trfarht—and morning—of " Monte Cristo. atlranm mW'h, for its length, might have been of Chinese origin. At a quarter before lin tho morning: the curtain rose upon thi? last act. Charles b center, In tho character of the hero, is discovered seated in a contemplative altitude. Liko tho ghost in " AlonzothcKrave," " he moved not. hespoke not, but there canto from the gallery, in v clear, some what sad but gontle voice, thoso wordß: "I hope wo are not Keeping you up, sir." The effect may be imagined. 