OUK CITY LETTER. ["From our own Correspondent J Adelaide, August 25,1883. xne taxation campaign w&s; tairly opened in tbe House of Assembly on Thursday, when the Hon. J. Colton laid his scheme of a land and income tax before the people's representatives i in a long but not effective epeech. The occasion was one of great interest.. Not only was there a full house of members, but tbe galleries were crowded. This latter condition was doubtless in part due to the large number of unemployed, who, having nothing better to do, have during the past week or two rather conspicioUsly exhibited themselves in the strangers' gallery; As already stated, Mr. Colton's scheme provides for a tax of $d. in the £1 on land irrespective of its improve ments, and Id in the £1 on all incomes above £500, and in moving it as an amendment to the Government scheme, he was unnecessarily importunate in his solicitations- that they would not, in the event of their defeat, go to the couutry, and his fears in this respect were allayed by the Chief Secretary's assur ance that the Government did not intend to do so. Exclusive of lands devoted to religious, educational, and charitable purposes, Mr. Colton estimates that about, 6,500,000 acres have been alienated from Ihe Crown. He doeB not include selectors, as they have not completed their purchases and have had many adverse conditions* to contend with. He values this alienated land at £5 an acre, and expects to realise from it for revenue purposas, £67,000 net, while his income tax is estimated to yield £25,000, 'and this ninety odd thousand pounds will, with the pro posed reductions in the estimates, be ample to meet the probable deficiency at the end of the financial year. If hard words and abusive epithets could settle the question involved, then the Government scheme ought to be annihilated, for Mr. Colton characterized it as " iniquitous, inquisitorial, most unjust, cumberous, burdensome, absurd, and ridicu lous." .Indeed, there is ample ground for beliering that both the Treasurer and Mr. Colton are too fond of indulging in flowers of rhetoric of this kind. This at any rate is cer tain chat the question-of the form of taxation is not by any means so free from AifflnnlHoa that a man should be described as " absurd " and " ignorant" who does not see eye to eye with another. Two of the chief merits of the Government proposals, according to the Treasurer, when making" the budget speech, were its extreme simplicity and the absence of the objectionable inquisitorial dement, but the presence of seven schedules which have to he filled up rather 'militates againBt both . of these claims, while the long list of enlargement — seems to indicate that an exemptions to the tax—subject to indefinite attempt has been made to meet some of the objections uiged by the Opposition leader, Mr. SounsevelL Mr. Colton, following Mr. BounBeveli, pointed out that the Glenelg Railway Company had spent about £100,000 to meet a great public need, but that for some years the lines badbeen worked at a lose. According to hiereading of the Government scheme, tbe Company, besides paying no divi dends, would have to contribute about £400 a year to the State. To this the Attorney General replied in a regular jury speech that the Company would not be taxed on their capital, but on the market value of their property if it were put up for sale by auction for cash. If it paid no dividends its market price would be little or nothing and there fore it would pay little or nothing under the proposed tax. This explanation was actually cheered by some of the ministerialists, but could anything "more flimsy and' fallacious be conceived. There is not zoom for the ghost of a doubt that this company's^ property would bring say. a half or two thirds of its estimated value if- put up to auction, and the probable effect pf the imposition of the tax, even to that extent, would be to smother the company. And 4&is; would' undoubtedly be the same in the case of other struggling in dustries. More seasonable—or rather less childish—were ihe Attorney-General's objec tions to the in<^>me i^ 4ncjLthe exemption of tbe selectors from Qua operation of the land tax. With regard to the Brat he pointed but that while the :p^rinan*s tiny allotment and the millionaire's square miles TOreaKkeiaxed' byTStr. Colton"^proposal^'all inMmes "un3er " £500 were excepted, and in this excepted class there would be many wjio were very comfortably off. This certainly is the weak place in Mr. Colton's scheme, although it would be an extraordinary kind of income tax that would not work, injustice int ome directions. The- whole community is in terested in the land, and it is the land that should bear the major part of the taxation, because the unearned increment is the result of public expenditure. Indeed it is not im probable that if Mr. Colton dropped the in come tax altogether and nailed his colors to the other mast he would be victorious, for while he would not tax machinery and imple ments and buildings as such, as the Govern ment propose to do, the land improved in value by these things would pay. The ob jection to the exemption* of selectors. was also plausible. The Attorney-General put it that if a selector paid £1,000, completed his ] agreement, and got his conveyance he would i be taxed ; but if he only piid £760 and did not get his conveyance he would be exempt. This, argued the Attorney-Gene-' nil, was a direct tax on providence and thrift. But is it ? Tbe selector is bound to complete his agreement within so many years, and if he does not he must pay interest. But it would he easy enough if it were thought ad visable to tax him, as the Government pro pose, according to his interest in the land, and even if this were not done it would only be another example 'of that vicious system of class legislation which has been so much affected of late years. As illustrative of the extraordinary views held by some hon. mem bers as to what should and should not be taxed, it may be mentioned that one popular representative actually objected to the income tax because persons who sent money into the colony and got large amounts of interests for it would not be touched. Ana this gentle man has a reputation for common sense! As if it were not to the interest of the colony to encourage the inflow of foreign captial as much as possible. Of course it is obviously otherwise with persons living in the colony who enjoy all the protection of the laws. The Cenquiiy into the murder of the hina man, Tommy Ah JTook, in Hindley- street, on August 14, was resumed on Friday. The medical evidence was conclusive as to death having been caused by a bullet fired into the brain. The revolver, stated to belong to one of the Chinamen in custody, was, with a num ber of cartridges, identified as having been sold to him, pioked u p in Light-square by a young man after the committal of the crime, and handed over to the police. There were several blood stains on the weapon, but the analytical chemist Was not then in a position to My definitely that they -were human blood. The evidence of Mah Poo, the owner of the pistol, was aleo contradicted in several par ticulars by other witnesses. The enquiry stands adjourned; The long-pending case of White v. Corpora tion of Adelaide will come before the Full Court thb week on an application for a new trial. It will be remembered that nearly a year ago the plaintiff, a grazier at the Seed beds, brought an action to recover damages for having had his land alternately flooded and parched by the manner in which the TorrenB weir was managed by the Corpora tion officials, and the jury, after a lengthy trial, found for the -defendants. The case is also remarkable for a scene between Mr. Justice Andrews, who tried the case, and Mr. 3\. H. Symon, Q C., the plaintiff's leading counsel. The judge refuped to hear Mr. Symon after the jury had returned into Court, and in high dudgeon the learned gentleman threw down his brief and stalked indignantly out of the Court. His Honor subsequently entered up on his notes that " Mr. Symon left! the Court with demonstrations," so a further reference to the little episode may be expected, for it created quite a sensation at the time amongst the members of the profes sion. \- ^ -v - August 27. The inquest on the murdered Chinaman, referred to above, after extending over four days, has resulted in a verdict of wilful mur der against Mah Poo and William Yung, the celestials under arrest—the former for. ac tually committing the deedi. and the, latter for being an accessory after the act. So far as Tung is concerned, the general opinion seems to be that he was1 induced to put the deceased in the closet after he had been shot by the threats of Mah Poo. Many are the attempts that have been made to clear the west end of objectionable characters. I/aTge sums of money have been spent in futile efforts to close the notorious Shamrock Hotel and in attempts more success ful to buy up leases of premises occupied for immoral purposes. However, the Shamrock still flourishes, although its days are numbered, and the west end is the centre to which waifs and strayB of society naturally drift. There can be no doubt that the con tinuance of. this state of things, due in a great measure to the police, is not only a moral plague spot in the city, but a serious detriment to property in the vicinity. Amongst those who have been most active in trying to remove this state of things, Mr. Dixson deserves to rank high, and it is to be hoped that his efforts will speedily be crowaed with success. On Saturday he introduced a deputation to the Mayofr of Adelaide, and preferred the request that His Worship should, exercise the power vested in him to condemn many of the buildings complained of as unfit for human habitation. This is a new departure in the agitation, and it promises to effect a very desirable change. There can be no doubt that the converse of the' adage that oleanli nessd is next to godlinessls equally true. Vice in its lower forms is often found in connec tion with dirt and the absence of sunlight. 