FJIHE Progress Committee, in pushing for X ward works (if usefulness in the Qundagai district, ought ncit to forget that, by the con struction of the Cmitnmuudra-Gundsgai rail nay, the Government will snve a lnrge amount nf maintenance money, nnd consequently that mini will he available for the various by icmds in tbe distuct. Uning to the manage ment of the land question bona-Jide selectors have been compelled to take up land in almost inaccessible placeB, and it is the duty of tbe Government to make roads to thete outofthe wny places in order to encourage the settle ment of the people on the land. All the beat agricultural land in -this district has been secured by n few people, and selectors have no chance of getting 100 acres, much less 640 acres, of Crown lands on which to establish a home furlthepjselves and their families ; 'and consequently J the only thing they can do' is to take up some plateau amongst the ranges. Thus they are .isolated from their fellows, their children are nnedncated, and their pro duce reduced in valne because of the distance from tbe market. We print in another column of this issue » letter from a resident at Tarra tandra complaining of the want of a road ont to where he lives, which would be an incalculable boon to some 6fty other selectors. The cost of the work is only a paltry £150. At Big Ben Creek the inhabitants are put to ?erions inconvenience because the Government have no available funds to pay for the erection of a bridge. People at Adjenbilly, Wagra, and other places throughout this district are being gradually wiped ont becanse tbe Govern ment are parsimonious. Mr. Murray, the Road Superintendent, would, we feel sure, be only too glad to recommend the improvement of these roads ; but ha is always met with the cry of ' no money available.' Selectors on the 'Adjenbilly Creek have to content them selves with either walking or riding on some parts of the road, it being impossible to take ? dray or conveyance of any kind. Seeing that bad legislation ia the cause of these people being driven so far into the interior, it certainly is the duty of the Government to assist them now by making roads to the various centres of population. The^meo whose cause we are now advocating are the very stuff good colonists and settlers are made out of. They are the carvers of their own fortune ; they have selected with the view of making homes for themselves ; and they are bringing up families who, in their turn, will become useful members of society. To these men the fit* mmkeA'ihasld- {;?«& special cpBPJfojatinn. and cost should not enter into tbe question. The only roads the Government keep in order ?re the main roadB of the colony, and every year tbe number is decreasing, so that funds ought to be available. Three petitions are in count of signature for new roads or repairs to roads, and it is to be hoped that the Govern ment will adopt a more enlightened policy in regard to this particular vote. What is wanted is. a network of roads from thess outlying places to the nearest railway Btation. This done, nearly all tbe mountainons country in this district will be conditionally purchased. Ax the local lands office on Wednesday, two Bores of laud at Adelong Crossing were offered for sale, and caused some keen competition. The Wealeyan body were anxiouB to secure the land, and their opponents were the Presbyterians. The upset price of the land was £2 per acre, and Dr. Ogg finally secured the land for the Presby terian Church at £9 per acre. Two casea for breaob.es of the Travelling Stock Act will be beard to-day in the police court. lad, that, when ones unexpectedly called upon to mount a horse and exhibit its paces, the little fellow whispered the question, in order to regu late how he shonld ride, ' Are you baying or soiling P' Something similar happened in Gundagai recently. A townsman, wishing to buy a horse, advertised for one accordingly ; apply office of this paper. The writer was next day stopped in the street by a man, who had a horse to sell, with the question, ' Beg parding, Mr. ? ; did you want the horse for yourself, or to sell again ?' Me. P. J. McAxlisteb, of Wagga, took a draft of fat bullooks from Darbalara on Tuesday last. The following.letter appears in the Armidah Express :— ' Gentlemen,— I beg your kind in ' fluence on behalf of a most deserving class of ' Civil aervante, who have not received any in ' crease to their very small salaries. No otas's ** of Civil servants doservo an increase to thoir ?' pay more than the acting jailers and matrons, ' as they are constantly on duty night and day. f ' If an increase to their pay has been granted, ' it has not been paid, It is very Btrange that ' there should be Is. per diem added to the ' warden' pay, and the aoting jailers and ' matrons be left ont in the cold. In tho police ' jails warders do no more than six hours' duty ?? a-day, while the aoting jailers and matrons ' are neveroff duty. The Comptrollei- General of V Prisons could not have thought of them when ' he recommended the incroase of pay to the ' warders, or they would not have been over ?' looked, and I hope ho will give their olaim ' due consideration and recommend an equal ' inoreaBe to them.— Tours, fa., Justice.' In Gundagai the same Btate of things exiBt. The acting jailer and, matron have to be ready at all hours of the day or night to discharge the duties of their office, and if any officials deserve/ an inorease of pay Mr. and Mrs. McCabo certainly do. We cannot bring ourselves to think that this, was done intentionally, and join with V JuBtice' in attributing it to an oversight of the Comptroller-General when dealing with tho increase of pay to other jail offioials. Doubt less, if the overlooked jailers' represent this matter to the Comptroller-General, the omission will be speedily remedied. ..'.'-. Some dogs managed to get at Mr. Stephen White's sheep in the Wagga show yards, and killed one valuable animal and worried three or fonr others. ? We (Fru Press J regret to have it to record that Dr. MoKillop met with a rather-serious accident on Saturday night. He had gone on horseback to attend a patient at Newtown, Qonl bourn, and when on his return the horse fell, throwing the doctor heavily on his right side, which was greatly bruised. The extent of the injuries'has not yet been fnlty ascertained, but it is hoped that there is nothing more serious than the fracture of a rib. Great sympathy is felt' for the doctor, who is highly respected generally. The cause of the horse falling was that a pidco of metal. got into tho frog of one hoof. [We are glad to state that Dr. McKillop is getting all right.— Ed. O.T.J A METBOFOUTAW Iiodertafel is forming; Herr Hugo Alpen; condacWr. ? ??' ? -- Tr.l'iO il ).V!-t.-|; ? We are given to understand that in a day or two a meeting of the Gundagai Cricket Club will be held, at which final arrangements will bo made for the matches during the season. Praotice will take place every Saturday on the flat. Tub net profits of the recent concort given in aid of the Church of England vicarage fund amounts to £15. In oonnection with our re marks re the want of attention by the building committee, Mr. Turner, the secretary, informs ns that tho committee wero not asked to assist in the conoert in any way— and that is the excuse offered for the negligenoe. Mb. Enqelen has ehown us a letter from the promoter of the ' Orient' sweepB in Melbourne, in which that gentleman tries to remove the stigma on him through the recent expose in the Melbourne Herald. Mr. Engelen is not con vinced, and refuses to continue bb agent for ' Orient.' It may bo stated that Mr. Engolon has already returned some £26 to ticket-holders, and has completely washed his hands of 'Orient.' Owners of dogs are reminded that they are required to register all dogs over six mouths old at tho office of the Olerk of Potty Sessions in their respective districts' during this month. Mb. Perkins did not do so bad in Court the other day. His Honor Judge Forbes took bis seat punctually at 10 a.m., and one of tho parties to the suit before him had not put iu an appear ance. Mr. Perkins excused his client by saying that there was a great difference in the watchos and olooks in this neighbourhood. HiB Honor : 'I cannot help that, Mr. Perkins. It is 10 o'clock. You. remind me of the story of the Duke of Wellington and his aide^dt-mmp. The latter excused himself for being lato one morn ing because his watch was wrong. 'Ah,' said the Duke, ? then, sir, you must got a n6w watch, or I must get another aide-de-camp.'' Mr. PerkinB : ' Yes, your Honor, I understand, but you see you are not theDuke of Wellington,' We would remind holders of pre-emptive leases that the rent for their holdings must be paid in the course of this month, and that it will expedite matters if they will pay it to tbe Land Agents of the respective distriots instead of direct to the Treasury. It will be remembered that a few months ago two horses were loft in the police paddock, from whence they were subsequently stolen. Both horses were the subject of a criminal investiga tion, and it was generally thought that some of the accused's friends had taken the horses away so as to avoid a conviction. Mr. Leary, the owner of one of the, horses, had given up all hope of ever seeing the animal again, but on Wednesday the police succeeded in restoring the lost property. On Monday and Tuesday nights the sky pre sented a beautiful appearance for over two hours, through the Aurora Australia appearing ia the western sky. A correspondent writes to us from Tarra bandra in reference to a new road out there, and mentions the names of about 80 peoplewho would benefit by its construction. The letter ib as follows : — ' The road has been in use for forty ' years. It was used by Mr. De Salis and Mr. ' Wagra stations, and by several others, and it ' is used to the present time. The traffic on it ' is yearly increasing. It is the only road in ' the district that has not been put in somo ' thing like passable order. If about £160 were ' judiciously expended on it, it wonld put the ' rood in fair order, and would greatly benefit '?the inhabitants of Wagra, Darbalara, Adjen ' billy Creek, Gobarralong, Bongongo, and a ' portion of the residents of South Gundagai, ' it being their only road. If the road were re ' paired, the people living in those places would ' get into town muoh easier, as the distance is ' ten miles shorter than via Brungle Bridge. ' There is not 18 inohes of water in the old ford ' on the Tumut Biver the greater part of the ' year. I believe the time is not far distant ' when there will be a bridge somewhere near ' this old ford, as the Brungle bridge is situated ' too far up the river to benefit the people in ' the localities I have named.' This request seems a very reasonable one, and we would suggest to those interested that a memorial be drawn up and forwarded to tho Gundagai Pro gress Committee, and the matter will be again brought under the notice of the Public Works Department. Shearing will commence on many stations next week and it is generally understood that labour is plentiful. Toe rates are the same as usual. By the Californian mail delivered the other morning, the Aoting Grand Seoretary of tho Grand Lodge of New South Wales A.F. and AM., Bra. B. A. Withers, received a communi cation from B.W. Bra. J. J. Mason, Grand Secretary of Grand Lodge of Canada, stating that the Grand Lodge ' cordially and frater nally' recognises the GrandLodge of NewSonth Wales. The Hon. J. S. Farnell is nominated as the representative of Canada in New South Wales. Mb. O. W. Falvey has been appointed teacher of the Provisional School at Grabben. Gnllen. A short time ago a well-known bonif ace bid ? valuable dog- injured whilst following a bird in the water. The dog was taken home, and carefully tended by the owner, and probably 'all would have been well but for a medical gentle man, living at the hotel, anxious to experiment. The medico, with the owners permission, at tended to tbe broken leg, and in order to do so more effeotually gave the dog ohloroform, but by the time the injured limb was bound up the poor dog had given up the ghost— the drug having killed .him. It' is not safe to mention chloroform in that hotel at present. ; The following claims to. pre-emptive lease* have been granted:— Matthew Sawyer, Ironi bong; James Elliott, Carumbi; Alex. Brown lie, Yarrangobilly; John Fitzgerald, Mundongo; Matthew Kiley, Wyangle; William Campbell, Blanche. ???'??? A Transatlantic contemporary says that the escaped earthquake is labouring under tem porary insanity. '..:,'. ; At the sale of the Middle Park stud (England) Mr. Wi A. Long, of Now South Wales, made some large purchases. ;? . There 'is now on view at Mr. W.A. Byrne's offioe, Cootamundra (says the Liberal), a fleeco of wool, 885 days' growth, which weighs 181bs. 5Joz. It was shorn from a 2-toothram bred by Messrs. Gibh and Son, of Berthong, Wal lendbeen. His sire was. Golden Tom, a stud ram bred by Mr. James Gibson, of Tasmania; the dam was a Berthong stud ewe bred by Messrs. Gibb and Son. The ram from whioh the above enormous fleece was obtained was shorn as a lamb. The following gentlemen were present when it was shorn the other day, and saw the fleece now on view weighed :— Messrs. D. F. Gibb, G. Ball. J. Wright, J. Eirby, S. Fannt, D. Beresford, A. Wright, James Marshall and Mr. A. Shallock, of Coota mundra, who shore him. . Several others were also present. : - .. ? The following selections wore taken up at the Gundagai Lands office yesterday : — John Elliott, 200a, Yaven F. A. MoEvoy, 200a, Tarrabandra James J. Quitter, 40a. Wagra William Kelly, 80a, Nanangroe Lawrence Bocho, 40a, Nanangroe —Total, 600a. Sib Henry Paiikes, K.C.U.Q., was inter viewed in Chicago recently, and spoke of Now South Wales as ' my colony,' declared himself to be a free-trader, and that while he did not want to force hie opinions on the American people, ho thought that thoy made a mistake in not adopting free-trade. SirHenry.it ia Baid, will speak in Now York. ' Tub estimated population of tho colony of New South Wales on the 30th June, 1883, was '840,014, which comprises 463,298 males and 377,316 females. This shows an inorease of 23,146 during the half-year. The departures by sea during the same period amount to 17,029, as against 31,248 arrivals by sea. As an instance of tho rapidity with whioh telegrams can be oxohanged between Melbourne and London, it may be mentioned that the Premier sent home a cable message at 6 o'olock on Friday, and at 9 o'clook next morning a reply was received, the time occupied being only IS hours. Advice to Mothers f — Are you broken, in -your rest j-y a.sjok oSild: suffering with Of pin/, of outWigjEeeAP JSoslonce to your ehoojist and get a b/ittls o^JIraJJinslow's SoothinBj'SyrupT-4f will relievo the poor sufferer immodlatolyVTt is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it pro duces natural quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes 'as bright as a button.' It soothes tho child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhcoa, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by ilodioino Dealers everywhere at Is ljd per bottle.— Adv. A amnouB trade has sprang up of lato at New York. Two men are doing an immense business in importing eggs from Europe, prin cipally from France, Germany and Denmark. They find that poultry farmers of Europe ean undersell the western farmers of the new world, ?nd that the breakage is less by the long sea Mn. Nethie Oayly broke his arm at Eooky Mouth. Few people know how much that arm can do and has done Mr. Cayly will some day be known as the bird artist of Australia. Beoaedino the alleged discovery of the re mains of Noah's Ark on Mount Ararat, a few months ago, the London Daily Nevis of August 2 says:— 'We have received a number of letters anxiously inquiring about gophir wood and the fabled discovery of the Ark in a glacier on Mount Ararat. No further details have ar rived os to this interesting * find,' and we fear that the survival of the Ark must be reckoned with the late descent of a monstrous meteorite, which crushed a whole house somewhere ? out Texas way.' The imagination of the far East and of the West is lively, the Oriental like tho Ocoi dental journalist is impulsive.- We are inclined to bolieve that the report about the Ark is due to the invention of some Levantine presBtnan ?avious of the achievements of his brethren on the boundless Western prnirio. Symptoms of this scepticism might, perhaps, have been' dotootod by the very acute in our remark that the ark was no longer quite seaworthy, and in our ex pectation that Hittite inscriptions would be deciphered on its venerable beams. But per haps since Chinese turned- out to be connected with Babylonian, there is nothing to surprise any longer in any philological or archaeological discovery.' However this may be, the tidings about the ark have decidedly not been con firmed.' The Philadelphia Ledger says— 'Last Marol we had Wiggins but no storms. Now (July) the oyolones and. things are on hand, but what has become of Wiggins P ' At Lilydalo, near Melbourno, 62 bushels of wheat per aore were obtained last week from land treated with lime. Consumers of Wolfe's celeb^ted Schnapps, espajfiitljly those who take it m«pinallv,jjhould pufbhjJBe it only by the bottle^Rfd thnronsure obtaining .the- genuine artioWf^rntre^Sng a fraudulent imitation in the market. Large and ?mall bottles are obtainable at every respectable hotel in the colonies, and ths name of 51. Moss and Co. is on the top label of the yellow wrapper. -None else is genuine.— Adv. - Thtodeb, lightning, storm, cold and heat in rapid succession at Kama.. Farmers say that these things augur a bod season. The Hon. W. B. Dalley on 'orders':— 'I could not accept enoh distinctions, under any conceivable circumstances. (Cheers.) My as pirationB are of an altogether different character. I have no other ambition than to continue to be what I have always desired to be, and feeling abundantly rewarded by the only honor which I hope to carry to the grave— the love of my countrymen.' There is a good lesson there for many people if they have brains enough to learn it.- .-: ''I ,'. ? .V.. ,'? \ .- 'f. ??-.:?: .. ?-..:- ; Thb mystery of the collection of used postage stamps in France is explained to be that, the indigo used in printing being expensive, the French poet-offioo itself buys back the old stamps, and (killed -chemists are employed to extract the indigo.-so- that it may be again em ploye* iu oolouring.npw (tamps. , .. The Melbourne Ghuroh of England Assembly for 1883 commenced last Tuesday. The Bishop of Melbourne, in an address, referred to the criticism which had been passed on his aotioh in allowing tho Bev. Charles Strong to preach in St. Paul's pro-Cathedral. The Bishop main tained that, in doing so, ho was acting strictly within his powers. He also reviewed Mr. Jus tico Higinbotham's recent lecture, and paid a high compliment to the learhod Judge's ability, his thonghtfulness and straightforwardness, and he referred throughout to the lecturer in cour teous, appreciative, and often commendatory terms. The Bishop went on to say : — ' I learnt with great pleasure the other day that Dr. Barry had formally acceptod the position of Bishop of Sydney. Australia will now have a Primate, and, with God's blessing in his work, such a Primate as will make his influence felt for good in every diocese of this wide continent.' The Church of Christ in Sydney has been doubly widowed by the loss of him whose death wo' last year deplored, and more recently by tho sudden and unexpected removal o( one of the ablest and most energetic of Australian prelates — Archbishop Taughan, lately tho chief minis ter of the Boman Oatholio Church in the sister colony. Now, however, by tho good providence of God, she will have in the new Primate of our Church' a leader of thought, a master of assem blies, an able administrator, a maintoinor of evangelistic truth, a friend of all the Churches, a good and a large-minded man. This ia a high commendation, but I am in some degree able to speak with authority on this subjeot, having had the honour and advantage of Canon Barry's friendship before I left England. He, no doubt, like tbe rest of us, will fall into mistakes, make enemies, and in evory way fall short of the lofty idoal which he set up for himself. But then I know that he has such an ideal before his eyes, and that he will labour for its attainments with a gentle force, and a trained energy which very few men possess, either in Ohuroh or State. God helping him, he is a Primate to whom we may confidently look for help, and whom we may all be proud to follow. He is an acquisi tion, not only to the Ohnrch of England, but to tho Church of Christ in these colonies.' Throat Afloctions and Hoarseness;— All suf ferine/from irritation of the throat andyhqwpe ness/wDt be aareooibly surprised at Wo almost imnfodfjUroIiefaffoTded by tno use of' Bpgjwfa Bronchial Troches.' These famous/' lounges ' aro now sold by most-respectablo chemists m this country at Is ljd per box. Fooplo troubled with a ' hacking cough,' a 'slight cold,' or bronchial affections, cannot try thorn too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, re sult in serious pulmonary and asthmatic affec tions. Soe that the words ' Brown's Bronchial Troches' are on tho Government Stamp around each box. Prepared by John I. Brown & Sons, Boston, U.S. European depot rcmovod to 33 Farrrogdon-road. — Adv. Ok the recommendation of Lieutenant Collins, the Victorian Government has deoided to pur chase six of the Nordenfeldt 10-barrelled machine guns, whioh are said to be capable of firing 1200- rounds per minute. A JEWEIftBB at B»l)»tn--.ifim'*1 TTnri^. Nelson, who died in England a, few woeks ago, has by his will bequeathed £1000 to the local hospital; also £1000 to awardsman in a New Zealand hospital. ' Mb. Joseph WooDBRnxiE, of Growther Creek, has just finished marking a paddock of lambs, numbering 1191, the progeny of 1217 ewes. HoJJowayy Ointment and Pills.— SaU Hifp. —-Snot to™e--jliscnvory of these rooledjos**) easy, tsaSyS-ood reliable remedy fq/£oqts«ir!l disfigurations and inward complications woe, practically speaking, unknown. No one need now be at a loss if they should unfortunately suffer from ulcers, sores, tumours, boils, bruises, sprains, etc Enveloping Holloway's medicines are vory intelligible printed directions for using them, which should be attentively studied and immediately followed by all who resort to his treatment. Sooner or lator the eufferor will assuredly triumph over the worst diseases. This searching Ointment disperses all those malig nant humours which aggravate- diseasos of the skin, prevent the cicatrization of ulcors, and excite inflammatory tendencies in the system. — Adv. The sum of £400 is to be expended to try an old blind blackfellow of Bourke. Tho oase must be tried at Dubbo, and Bourke conse quently complains. * A max named Algor was sentenced recontly to one month's imprisonment for disturbing a church congregation. A Battlesnake's Bite. — The quick vinos/of the ntt^nakejiias Aot killed so many/eonwas thyftnor^ iniidfgm} Jbttt deadly poisonifoun.d in tht air 'of 'foul rooms. The aeration df thftjloal by the lungs becomos impossible sottietimejum the failing health, growing weakness, and loss of appetite are harbingers of approaohing death. For such oases Hop Bitters are the potent and. all-powerful remedy to drive all fevers out of the system, purifying the blood, and giving a hew and happy lease of life.— Adv. i 