Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XXI. BY GEORGE MACDONALD . Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c;, &c.; ONE stormy night in the month of March, when a bitter east wind was blowing, Donal, seated at the plain deal table which he had got Mrs. Brookes to find for him in the house, that he might use it as he pleased, regardless of the overflow of ink or other possible injury, was drawing upon it a diagram, in the hope of find ing a simplification of some geometrical diffi culty for Davie, when a sudden sense of cold made him cast a glance at his fire. He had been aware that it was sinking, but, delaying because thero was no fuel in the room, had, in the absorption of his work, forgotten it. It was now very low, and he muat go at once upon the roof to fetch from his store both wood and coal. In certain directions of the wind this was a rather ticklish task; but he had taken tho precaution of putting up here and there a handful of rope. He closed the door behind him to keep in what warmth he might, and, a: c mding the stairs to another door a few feet higher, stepped out on the flat that ran along the thickness of the wall, with the roof on one side and a small parapet on the other, and stood for a moment to look around him. It was n moonlit night, so far as the clouds, blown in huge and almost continuous masses over the heavens, would permit the light of the moon to issue. The roaring of the sea came like a low rolling mist across the flats. The air gloomed and darkened and lightened again around him as the folds of the cloud-blanket overhead were torn or dropped trailing or gathered again in the arms of the hurrying wind. As he stood, the wind seemed suddenly to change, and take a touch of south in its blowing. The same instant came to his ear a loud wail of the ghost-music haunting the house. There was in it the cry of a discord, mingling with a wild rolling change of har monics. He stood "like one forbid," and listened with all his power. It came again, and again, and mere continuously than he had ever heard it before. Now there was indeed some chance of following the sound, he thought —hunting it with tho car ! As a gaze hound with his eyes, and a sleuth hound with his nose, he stood ready to start hunting with his listing listening ear. And now he came almost to the conclusion that the seeming approach and recession of tho sounds was occasioned only by changes in their strength, not by any altera tion of the position of their source. Had Donal evzr in his life heard an icolian harp, he wonld have thought of it now. " Sin ely it must be something on the roof !" he said, and, throwing down the pail he had brought for his fuel, and forgetting the dying fire in 1 is room, he got down on his hands and knees, first to escape the wind in his ears, and next to diminish its hold on his person, he crept away over roof after roof like a cat, stopping every moment a new gush of the sound <atue, to determine what direction it was from, and then starting once more in the chase cf it. Upon a great gathering of roofs like those of the castle, erected at various times on various levels, and with all kinds of architectural' accommodations of one part FHGDFHGFJFGHGFFG * The solo right of publication in Queensland of "Donal Grant" 'has be«n purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company* to another, sound would be constantly de flected, and thero would be as m'auy difficulties in tracing the sound as inside, the house. But he persevered, aware of neither cold nor danger, as he crept now up, now down, now over flat leads, now over sloping slates or great roofing stones, now along low parapets, and now round ticklish corners, following the sound over, as a cat might a flitting uncon scious bird. When the sound ceased he would keep slowly on—his best movement was but slow—in the direction he had last chosen. Sometimes when the moon was more profoundly obscured, he had to stop altogether where he was, unable to get a peep of his course beyond. At one such moment, when it became (all but quite dark, and the sound had not come for a time, he had to stop in a half-eronching position upon a high pitched roof of great slabs, his fingers clutched around edges of the stones, and his mountaineering habits standing him in good stead, but protected a little from the full force of the blast by a huge stack of chimneys that rose to windward of nira. While he clung thus and waited, once more, louder than he had yet heard it, almost, it seemed, in his very ear, arose the musical ghost cry—the cry this time almost as of a-soul in torture. The moon came out as at the call to see—but there was nothing for Donal to see—nothing to suggest a possible origin of the sound. As if dis appointed, the moon instantly withdrew, the darkness again fell, and the wind rushed upon him stronger than ever. With that came the keen slanting rain, attacking him as if with fierce intent of protecting the secret, and plainly there was little chance of success that night. He must put off the hunt till daylight. If there was any material factor in the sound he must be better able to discover it in the daylight. By the great chimney stack he could indentify the spot where he had been nearest to it. There remained for the present but tho task, perhaps a difficult one, of finding his way back to his tower. And difficult it was —considerably more difficult than he had anticipated. He had not an idea in which direction his tower lay—had not even an idea left of the track, if track it could be called, by which he had come. One thiug only was clear—it was somewhere else than where he was. He left the place,-.there fore, and, like any other honest pilgrim who knowß he must go somewhere else, began his wanderings. But on his backward way he seemed to bo far more obstructed than on his way thither. Again and again he oould get no further in the direction he was trying; again and again he had to turn and try another way. It was half-an-hour at least before he came to a spot which he knew. But by this time with the rain the wind had fallen, and he was in less difficulty. He caught at length the outline of one of the sheds in which lay his stores, and from that his way was plain. He caught up his pail, filled it hurriedly with coal ana wood, ana hastened to his nest as fast as rather stiffened joints would carry him, though with little hope indeed of finding his fire still in life and capable of recovery. But when he stepped from the roof on to the stair, and had gone down a few steps, a strange sight indeed was there waiting him. Below him on the stair, just outside his door, with a small dim wax taper in its hand, stood the form of a woman. Plainly, from the position of her hand and her head, she bad just knocked, and was hearkening for an answer. So intent was she, and so loud still was the wind among the roofs, that she did not hear Donal's step above her. For the first moment he was afraid to speak lest he should startle her—whoever it was—with a voice from an unexpected quarter: but presently the figure knocked again, and then he felt he must speak; his voice would startle less than his approach from behind her. He made, however, a pardonable attempt at ventriloquy, saying with a voice intended to sound further away than it was, " Come in." The hand sought a handle, searched and found the latch, and opened the door. As she did so, the light fell on her face, and Donal saw that it was Lady Arctura. Then he spoke. " I will be with you immediately, my lady," he said, and, descending, entered the room after her—a pleasant object to behold after his crawling excursion in wind and rain on thereof. Sho started a little at hearing the voice behind her, and. turning, gazed on him with a slight shadow of dismay. Donal was more like a- sweep returning from his work than a tutor in a lord's castle, andhe bore in his hand a pailful of coals. Catching at once the meaning of her look, he made haste to explain, though in truth he had more cause to be surprised at her presence than she at his appearance. "I have been out on the roof for the but hour and a-half," he said. " What were you doing there, if I may ask?" she said, with a strange mingling of ex pressions on her countenance, "and in such a night ?" "I heard the music, my lady—the ghost music, you know, that they say haunts the castle —and " " I hoard it too," she said, almost under her breath, and with a look almost of terror. "I have often heard it before, but I think never so loud as to-night. Have you any idea about it, Mr. Grant ?" "None whatever, except that I am now nearly sure the source of it is, somewhere'about the roof." " I should bo very glad if you could clear *up the mystery." "I have some hope of doing so. But you are not frightened, my lady V he asked, seeing her catching hold of the back of a' chair, as it ready to sink.' "Do sit down," he continued, placing a chair for her; " I will get you some water." " No, no; I shall be all right in a moment," she answered. "Your stair has taken my breath away, and then ray uncle is in such a strange condition. That is why I came to you." "You need hardly be much disturbed by that, for you must have often seen him so before." " Yes—but never as to- night." "I have already seen him more than once in the strangest conditidn for a man in his senses." "But is he in his senses V "At times not, I suppose." " Would ybu come with me ? w " Anywhere." "Come, then," she said, and leaving the room led the way, by the light of her little taper, down the stair. About half-way she stopped at a door, and turning said, with a smile like that of a child —and perhaps the first untroubled look Donal had yet seen upon her face—"How delightful it Is to be frjc from fear! lam not the least afraid now you are with me!" ' That makes mo very' glad," said Donal. " I should like to kill fear—only by killing Wrong tliongfh :' fear is' bnt the shadow that always follows at the heels of Wrong. By the way, do you think the music has anything to do with your uncle's condition '!" " I do not know ; I have sometimes thought it had. But it is difficult to he sure about anything." She turned again hastily, and, entering a part of the cattle with which Donal had no acquaintance, led him, after many bewilder ing turns, on to tho great staircase, down which she continued her course. Donal began to wonder what time of the night, it could be, the house was all so still; nobody scorned awake in it. But there were, as I have said, comparatively so few servants for tho size of it., that tho hamo mijrht have been at any hour almost. She wont very fust and lightly down 1 the stair, and lor a moment Donal almost lost sight of her in the great curve. Presently, however, he overtook her, and, layiug his hand on her arm, said in a half whisper: " Pardon mo, my lady, bnt tell me tirst what you want me to do that I may be prepared." "Nothing, nothing. Only come and see. It will not see you." Without another word Dohal again followed her. She led him to the room on the stairs whore tirst he had seen the earl. There was •no light in it. Across tho near end of it she led him, as he had himself gono once before, through a door, round tho edge of its back wall under the ascending spiral of the stair, and into the little chamber behind, which seemed a cut off and forgotten corner. As he entered it he heard for ono moment the niurniuriug of a voice, he thought, but immediately it was gone and the deepest silence tilled the world. ' One step within the door Avctnra stood still, turned her head towards Donal, and held high the toper. But she looked only at Donal, and not in tho direction she wanted him to look. The feoble light fell on the form of tho earl. A small box stood against tho foot of the wall opposite the doer; on the box, in a long dressing gown of a rich faded stuff, the silk and gold in which shone in the dim light, stood tho tall meagre form, with its back to the door, its face to the wall, close to it, immovable, and its arms and hands stretched out on the wall, like one on the croßs. He stood without shifting or moving a muscle, or uttering a sound. What coidd it mean ? Donal gazed in a blank dismay. Not a minute passed, but he thought it a long and painful time, when tho murmuring came again. Donal listened as to a voice from another world—a thing terrible to those whose fear dwells in another world. But this to Donal was terrible as no voice from the world of the departed could have been; this was a voice from a world of sin and suffering—a world the negation of the eternal, a world of darkness and the Bhadow of death. Yet surely there was some hope even in the form in which the indwelling despair made itself audible. The words were these : Donal could not help afterwards doubting whether he had indeed heard them. "And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds; but this man hath done nothing amiss!" Silence again fell, but the form did not move, and still the two stood regarding him. From far away came the sound of the ghost music The head against the wall began to move as if waking from sleep. The hands sank along the wall and fell by his sides. The earl gave a deep sigh, and stood leaning his forehead against the wall. Donal touched Lady Arctura and said with his eyes, " Had we not better go ? He will presently look round." She signified assent, and they turned softly and left the room, Lady Arctura still leading. She went straight on to the library, its dark oak cases and old bindings were hardly able to reflect a ray of the poor taper she carried, but the fire was not quite out. She set down the light, turned towards Donal, and looked at him in silence. "What does it all mean?" he said in a hoarse whisper. "God knows," she returned solemnly, but with less emotion than Donal would have ex pected. , "Arewe safe?" ho asked. "How can you tell he will not come here?" "I do not think he will. I have seen him in many parts of the house, bat never here." As she spoke the door swung noiselessly open, and the earl entered. His face was ghastly pale; his eyes were wide open ; and he came straight towards them. But he did not see them; or, if he did, he saw them but as phantoms of the dream in which he was walk ing—phantoms which had not yet become active in his imagination. He drew a chair to the embers of the fire—to his fancy, I believe, a great and comfortable blaze—sat for a moment or t*o looking into them, then rose, and going to a distant part of the room took down a book from a shelf, returned with it to the fire, drew towards him Arctura's tiny taper, opened the book, and began to read in an audible murmur. And this is as near as Donal, trying afterwards to recall and set it down, could come to what he said : In tho heart of the /dank earth-cave Lay the king. In the marble domo of the church so brnve Tho hnKO bells ring. ■ Said the worm at his side. King-fool, Turn to thy bride. For the night is cool. Wouldst thou lio like a stone till the nightless morn ' Out of the dark be born ? Tho king through tho night enorm Hoard the voice of the worm, Liko the sound of v muttered thunder low In tho realms where no feet go. And he said, I will rise, And will myself glad; I will open my eyes. And no more be sad. ■ For who is a god But he who cau spring Up from the sod. And be his own king? I will fashion my Kindness. Dig my own despair. And for goodness or badness— Oh 1 folly's own care t While I am content. The world shall spin round Till its force be outspent, And it drop Like a top— A top spun by a boy, Into the old profound- While I sit in my tent. Bit without sound: Still toss up my world. See it burst and be drowned In the blackness upcurled From the deep hell-ground. . ' The dreams of a god are the worlds of hh slaves; I will be my own god, ' ■•••■■ And rule my own knaves. The reading went on and on in this way for minutes, then the rhymes became less perfect, and then it sank into measured prose. All the time the tone of the speaker showed plainly enough that he took tne stuff for genuine poetry. Nay, more: somehow he seemed to take it as presenting an essential verity of the form and material ut least of his consciousness. One would have thought that the worm might again have had a word to Hay to the buried dreamer ; but no; the worm had vanished, and the dreamer had made himself a god—his own god ! Ponal ventured after a while to steal softly near, and peep over his shoulder at the book ; it was the " Novum Organum." With a mutual glance the two stole out of tho room, and left the dreamer to his dreams. " Do you think," said Donal, " I ought to tell Simmons ? He must know more about his muster than anyone else !" "It would bo better. You know where to find him ?" " I do not." " I will show you a bell that rings in his room. He will think his lordship has rung it, and will look for him till he finds him." They went and rang the bell, and soon heard tho steps of the faithful servant seeking his master. Then they bado each other good night, and parted. iTO BE CONTINUED.] 