TIIE .INTERNATIONAL SUNDAY S ESOOOL LESSONS. ,TO TIIE EDITOR. Slr,-Will: you permit nh outsider to offer a remark or two in reference to the sub-leader in your issue of Saturday list? I have not soon the peamphlet to which you refer, and therefore do not feel myself at liberty to offer any opinion respeoting it; butt I think it may fairly bo pro. sunoed that tile able editor of the London Sun. day-school Union and his publishing committee have among them as much experience, as much intelligence, and as much sound judgment, as AMr. Walch can possibly have ; and their prac tical resurlt, as cxpreserd in the lessons of the International Sories, w 11 undoubtedly continue to command general confidence and approval, Mr. Waleh to thes contrary' notwithatanding. The object of those lessons very clearly is, to give those for whom they are intended an in telligont, practioncal, general acquaintanooce with tie Scriptures as n whole, and not simply with any particular part or section of them. That [Ir. Watch should be unable to find any "direct religious teaching" in the osaaic law, in the penetential psanms, or in the stories of Hebrew history is unfortunate, and, I must add, hardly recommeoda him as specially fitted; for ll iris twenty-ono years' experience, to lecido what ought and what ought not to hb taught in Sunday-schools. Even if one were to admit the morality to be "rudimentary, half. barbaitros, and often doubtful," it is conceivable that in these'very qualities might lie lessons of great and high' mportance and value. But no such admission is made. It never seems to have occurred to Mr. Watrlh, or to you, that the prophets of Beal whom Elijah slow, with his own hands, beyond ddiubt-thu was just the man to do it -had doubly forfeited tieir lives to the law of the land, iast as idolators, and then as murderers, of each of whom the law, of which Elijah was the strong vindicator, said that he should not be suffered to live. As to Jael and Sisera, it is to he said that the Scriptures pronounce no "glorification" of the not of Jael, as Mr. Walch, or you, allege. They merely record what was done, and what was said of it, and utter no words as to the right or the wrong either of what was done or of whati was said. But are we to take our standlard 'of what is right or wrong from "the low morality of the wander inrg Arab" , Was Jaol's not so btsoly wicked and treacherous after all ? Was sihe to refuse Sisera the food and rest'ht demanded, and thus bring murder on herself and her defenceless 'household Or was sire to give him what he wanted, and then to allowhim--th enemy of her country, who had purposed the destruction of her whole race. tol depart in safety to renew his hostilities? Had Mr. Walch and you been guilty of such !' treason,. and I. been General of the Israel itrish army, I would have hanged you both. Tihere are several other points in yourarticle to 'which reference might be made, but I fear your. space would not admit of any extended notice. 'In what rerpdot Nolrh, and David, and Elijah are more "misty figures" than the Howards, the Nightingales, and the others, exarnples of Christian life and history in ourown day, andi whose Christian charaoters were unquestlionbly formed on the study of the aforesaid misty figures, isnot very appliront. Nor is it clear how; the scenes in which " the lives of the benefactors, missionaries, martyrs, and modern Cliristinii heredo" were passed, are at all less "Alien and incomprehensible" than 'those in which moved their anoient prototypes and models Either all are equally "ghosts and shadows, belonging to a sphere which has no relation to the world" in which our Sund?Iy-schools exist, or all Bre "inen and women of lice feelings and passions: with ourselves." But we have all heard before of the "effete and traditionary mothlds"-niethods which produced tihe Patosbnsoand the Goodenoughs, but which are now to be laid aside in favour of "practical lessons, adapted to tire urgent need of tire present day " Words, Sir, more words I The only practical lessons areoe irse that have bhon in practice so long, and their practical results have been so excellent, as Instanced by yourself, that I think I can venture to assure Mr. WValch and you ithat they will not be abandoned at his dictum, or at yours.-Yours. etc., d il.J. W. 5m r. Campbrhl Tow, April24. 