EPITOME. A writer on tho Kremlin, where the Czars are crowned, has tlio following :— » From tho Sallo d' Alexander ono passes on to tho Hall of St. Andrew, nt tho end of wliich is the Imperial throno, in purple and ' 1J ? HI. envnn etimS nSOQIldillET tO it. Above is an emblazoned ' L'Oeil doDieu,' surrounded by a golden glory. The walls aro covored with blue, tho color ot tho St Andrew riband,, with tho armorial bohr ings of all tho kingdoms, principalities, duchies, and provinces of the Russian Em pire, and betwoon the windows are repre sented in gilt relief, the chain and cross of tho apostle. Tho crown, tho sceptre, _ and tho globo aro magnificent. Tlin crown is a cluster of Koh-i-noors, and thero is a wreath of diamonds in tho form of oak leaves, around it, which is dazzling as tho sun Many of thoso brilliants aro the sizi of largo pistol balls. Tho scoptro Iibb i tip to it, formed of tho famous diamond, for which Cathorino II gavo £80,000, and a largo pension for life to a runaway slave.' Tiie judgmont of tho Full Court in tho equity suit, Wolsoloy and others v. Day, which has been deferred for some time, was delivered on Saturday, so far as their Honors tho Chief Justice and Mr Justice Faucett aro concerned. Their Honors agrood in re versing the action of his Honor tho Primary Judge in granting nn appeal to Mr Wolsoloy and his fellow-plaintiffs restraining Day and others from prosecuting an action at common law. Tho causo of action arose out of tho titlo to tho Rosobank station, which is a sub division of tho Grlenrowan station, Rivorma. Sir W. F. Manning also sat in appeal, but his judgment lias not yet boen received by his colleagues. In regard to the alleged medical inal practico in tho case of the lato Mr. Temple, of Castlemaino, tho body was exhumed aud examined. Tho verdict was that a surgical misadventuro had occurred. A man, named Daniel Smith, unable to escape out of a house on fire at Quoenscliff porished. Reoabdino tho robbery at Carter's in Collins-street, Molbourne, it was committed by tho duplicate keys of tho safe being stolen. Thoso keys woro supposed to bo locked up in the safe. A young man, named John itooortson, WHO was arresiou lor mreuiumug the landlady of the Emu Hotol, Carlton, having ai loaded revolver in his possession, threw away a quantity of jewellery, and this was collected to sco if it was a portion ot that stolon from Carter. Gambling is being carried on in Temora lo such an extant that some men, after losing all, aro gambling away their business appli ances, horses, drays, &c.;, depriving thoir families of moans of subsistence. We find i v' Land and Water' of, a recent date tho following commout-.— ' Tho Groat Eastern has been idle for many years, but a report is current that she is gotting ready 'for work again. The wonder to many people is that she does not mako a trial trip from the colonies with a cargo of live sheep to Eng land. If the voyage were possible she could Rtow away somo l 0,000 head on board, which, at a prime cost of 10s per head, should leave a considcrablo margin of profit when lauded here. If they could be brought to our shores in tolerable condition they would bo worth 60s per. head for killing, and if the sheep were ewes they would bring a still higher figuro, thus showing, say, 40s per head profit, or £20,000 on this ono cargo alone.' Mr F. Maclcay, of Singletou, has resolved to charter a vessel and try the experiment of sending livestock home to Engl aud. A paper by Herr Kissling of Bremen, in ' Dingler's Polyteehniachen .Journal,' after giving ii useful resume of tlio work of all previous observers, relates tlio results of a series of experiments for ascertaining the proportions ot nicotine, and other poisonous substances in the smoke of cigars. The strongly poisonous constituents are carbonic oxide, sulphuceted hydrogen, prussic acid, picoline bases and nicotine, Tho first three, however, occur in such small proportion and their volatility is so great, that their snare m tno action oi toDacco sihoku ou we system may bo neglected. The picoline bases, too, aro present in comparatively small quantity, so that the poisonous character of the smoke may be exclusively attributed to the large quantity of nicotine present. Only a small portion of nicotine in a cigar is de stroyed by tho process of smoking. Tho pro portion of nicotine in the smoke depends osscntially on the kind of tobacco, but the relative amount of nicotine which passes from a cigar into smolco depends chiefly on how far the cigar has been smoked, as tho nicotin o contents of tho unsmolced part of a cigar is in inverse ratio to tho size of this part i.e. more nicotine tho shorter tho part. Tiie ' Bendigo Advertiser' strongly advo cates tho proposition for locking the Murray ?River; ' According to that journal, it would lmvo the effect of attracting and securing to Victoria a great deal of the trade of those vast regions stretching away from the Murray to tho confines of South-western Quoonsland ; and, as his beon argued before very correctly by Mr Sh'ickoll, tbo fact that river freights must always be lower than thoso by rail, tho greater bulk of the steamer traffic will pass Swan Hill and go onto Echuca as long as tho rivor is navigable to the latter port. When rapidity of transit is desired, the Swan Hill route to aud from Melbourne will bo adopted ; and this often happening, the Riverine settlers aud traders are now compelled to resort to tho Adelaide or Sydney markets. :. A TEURiiiLB crimo was recently perpe trated 'at Senlis, near Chantilly, in France. One day M. Fremy, tho son of the local ' jugo supploant' went out for a walk with his mother in the wood of Villiemtrio. Tho son came back alone, and stated that his mother had romainod behind to pay a visit to somo patients in tho hospital. At night fall M. Fremy having grown anxious, wont out with his son and found, the body of Madame Fremy in a pool of blood, with hor carotid artory cnt.v Suspicion fell upon the son, aud M. Fremy ' pere' had actually to sign tho warrunt : for his son's apprehension. The prisoner is a woll-known young lawyor in Paris. ' Tii bee aro on board tho steamer West nieath,' writes tho '' Now Zealand Herald,' ' consigned to tho Auckland Musoum, two Maori heads, preserved in tlio olcl style. J.C appears curious that such articles as these should have to bo sent from London to Auckland, but so it is. Within tho last few years ovou, a good uiuuy heads could have boon ? procured iu Now Zealand, but there are many reasons against making any attempt to preserve the hoads of those killed in battle as museum specimons. As it was desirable, however, , to have specimens, we had to fall back on London. There wus in the old days, and .before New Zealand was a colony, a groat demand for thoso heads for collectors in Europe, and Mr Manning in Old New Zealand gives a gnastiy uuuiuiu uo of ho w it was carried on, tolling how, when the lioads of well-tatooed chiefs slain in battle were scarce, the Maoris would tatoo artisti cally the face of a slavo, kill and eat him^at tho proper time, and Bell his head. The trade in beads went on till the museums in Europe becamo stockod, and thon it yieldod to tho inexorable laws of supply und demand. An opportunity lately oflered to obtain two hoads in exchange, and this was taken ad vantage of by M-- Cheosoman. The mothod of preserving these heads may almost bo termed a ''lost art,' as it might well be, for tho Maoris havo been sadly out of praotico, Probably tho last' attempt at preservation was mado on tho head ot Captain Lloyd, of ono of tho Imporial regiments, who was killed in a skirmish at Ahualiu, Taranaki. His head was carried about tho wholo country, and the natives used to porform their Pai Mariro dances boforo it.'' Mr Coppin has struck a bold blow in Vic toria for tho religious education of childron attending tho Stato Schools. His efforts nt tho Model Schools have boen crowned with success as far as tho Protostants and Jews aro concerned, but tho Roman Catholic au thorities refuse to provide a teacher. Mr Coppin has advertised for ono, and is about to select a suitable person. An Oriontal Bank clerk named John Black has been guilty in Melbourne, of embezzlements to tho extent of ovor £700. Ho had given way to drink. The trustees of tho Melbourne Public Library have decided to open that institution on Sundays. Tho Govornmont will havo to sanction this action before it is operative, and they aro not likely to do so. Tiie Melboumo City Council floats a loan of £200,000 for improvements. Tho Melbouruo Police Court buildingB sito is to bo utilised as a general telegraph office. Men aro making £9 a woek by carting rab bits to Camperdown (Vic.) from the surround ing stations Thoy docluro that tho intro duction of rabbits into tho colony is the finost thing that over happened in the inter ests of tho working man. The barge of tho Lily foundorod at Lnrist mas Rocks on the Darling. She was got up in twenty-four hours, but the damage is esti mated at £3500, the loading being valuable drapery. The Whittabrena Company havo erected a fino crushing plant at Mount Browne, so that tho reefs will be thoroughly tested. A single pair of rabbits will produce a family of 2,000,000 in five years. Tub ! Kilcunda Coal Company, Victoria, have 1000 tons raised. This looks well. 'L'ho Ohloe controversy has come lo an ond, Dr Fitzgorald, the owner, having applied for its return. Thus the bono of contention is removed, and pence will reign in the Mel bourne Art Gallery once moro. There were 33 applications for tho town clerkship at Wilcannia, civil engineers, sur voyoro, and university graduates applying. One of them, a gentlemau of high attain ments offered to assist in getting up a museum at Wilcannia, over which the Times makes merry, and satirises the tastes of the towns people. A petition is being signed for tbo re prieve of John Cos(?rove, sentenced to deatli for the n'.nrdor of Elizabeth Wyner. The Cobar burial scandal has advanced another stage. Telegrams from Cobar an nounce that great exeitomont prevailed there on Friday and Saturday. Mr '1. A. Mathews, the father of the dead girl, was apprehended for having failed to respond to the summons of the coroner,; and Mr Peter Mathews was committed for contempt of court, but was soon reloased by tho coroner. Ten of the jury were in favour of brinsrinz in a verdict of death from natural. causes, while the others stonewalled. Ihe Minister of Justieo has stayed fiirthor pro ceedings. » Workmen employed in doing somo work under Macquarie- street . bridge, Hobari, found a case of wine in splendid condition embedded in the mud, with remains of furni ture, &c.; It is probable that the case of wine and the othor things have bean buried in tho mud undor the bridge ever since one of the floods that proved so destructive to houses and other property about 30 years ago. _ ? The Dublin coroner held an inquest lately on the body of a young man named Mackenzie, who poisoned himself in tho presence of an actress, with whom he was intimate, and a friend. Tho deceased had been a tutor, nnd had graduated at Trinity ? _..J ? ? ori;tn.-„f uouege, ana wus reeunuy tho Dublin comic journal, the ' Irish Diamond.' He had a quarrel with the actress in the presence of a friend, and in a moment of desperation, and despite the efforts of tho other two, he drank a bottle ot. laudanum, and died soon afterwards. In 1871, 7,060,000 acres of tho Victorian malleo wero occupied by squattors and 390,000 sheep fed. Owing to rabbits and wild dogs all this country has been abandoned except 2,000,000 acres, and only 40,000 sheep are fed. In 1871 tho Go vernment got £13,000 revenue from the Malleo at 8d por head, now only £6000 is collected at ls por head, whilo £12,000 is spent by the Government in endeavoring t o exterminate the vermin, What a lesson this should be to the people of Now South Wales. M. Czartoryski, M. D., of Stockton, California, writes jas follows to the London Lancet ' During a prolonged residence in tho interior of China, I became acquainted with the fact that the Chinese place great reliance during epidemics of dipthoria on the internal use of tho frosh juice of limes, and of the fruit itself, which thoy consmno in enormous quantities, in every conceivable form— -as lemonade, with native spiritB, cut in slices, &c; , — during attacks of this dread ful-disease, with most successful results, it hardly ever failing to effect a cure. The Chinese consider it a specific, and will, in case of need do anything to obtain a supply. Sinco I have come back to Cali fornia, as also in Louisiaua, I have used limes and thoir juices in my practice as a physician with most successful results in cases of diptlieria, even iu the most deperate cases. As soon us I tako charge I of a case af dipthoria, I order limes to bo administered as freely as possiblo, in any way the patient can bo prevailed upon to take them, especially in tho form of hot lemonade, sweetened with white sugar and honey, or cut in slices with powdered white sugar. Besides limejuico (which I suppose acts by imparting an exeoss of oxygon to tho circulation, and thereby provonts formation of vibrions, &c.;'t and so has almost a specific effect of disease), I prescribe what over.drug may be indicated to reliovo symp toms as thoy develop, and impart strength by appropriate stimulants aud nourishment. A pointsman named Robert Moore, who had boon in low spirits sinco the late railway collision at the Zigzag, shot himsolf dead on Tuosdnylast at tho Bottom Points platform. Ho had greatly takon tho accident to heart. Joaquin Miller, writing to the Chicago Timos, from New York on March 29, thus moralises upon tho Conkling tragedy : I havo tried hard to avoid everything coarse or bloody in these quiet Sunday sketches, but as amputation is Bometimes necossarv to auvo life, so duty compels a departuro now and thon from tranquil way. Geo. W. Conkling, i of Nevada, went to a broker's house in this city a few days sinco and shot him dead. Tho dead man's fellow-brokors havo drawn up re solutions of sympathy. And I havo received two letters asking me to state in my ' terso aud fearless way tho truth, and speak for tho dead man, who cannot spoalc for himsolf.' Thus appealed to, I will briefly say all that can bo said for tho tho murdered brokor, who, his friends write mo, was 'shot down liko a dog.' This handsome young broker, ill and unfortunate at tho lime, was invited to mako tho house of an older friend his home. Hero, by tho help of his friend, he recovered his health and his fortuue, and was Boon again beforo tho world a handsome, dashing, Bplcn iidlv dressed aud altocethor enviable Wall street brokor. Ho now loft tho fireside of his friond and wont to live in tho fino and faslron ablo Paris flats. But ho was now so healthy and woalthy, so handsome and lighthoarted, that he took with him his friend's wife, leav ing tho little children, disgrace, desolation in his track. Young Conkling, tho brother of tho wretched and betrayed woman, left his work boyond the Rocky Mountains — poor boy, how ho must havo suffered under the shame — came on in his mission of duty, frosh and strong and pure, to roclaim his sistor — and 'shot Conkling down liko a dog.' Brokers of Wall stroet, your brothor was liv ing 'like a dog' — begging pardon from that decent and trusted brute— he was ' shot down like a dog,' he died whining ' liko a dog,' bury him liko a dog, and leave a stake sticking through his body for a monument. For my own part I oxult in this boy's doed as earnestly as I deploro ihe condition of morals in this city which mado it necessary. Give Ua a few moro such men with doublo -barrelled shot-guns, and with Rev. Dr. Dix in tho pul pit we may mako a decent town out of New York yet. London ' Mayfair' in a recent issue, thus recurs to the ' Mystery of Berkeley Squaro : The mystery of Borkeley Squarestill remains a mystery. Wo wero in hopes that during the last fortnight a full, final and satisfac tory auswer would havo been given to our | question, but wo havo boen disappointed. Tho story of the haunted house in the heart /? . _ iy ? ? : ? J ? u_ .u. ot lviayiair is so iur aequiesceu in ujr hid sileuce of thoso who know the whole truth, and whoso interest it is the whole truth Bhould be known. That story can bo recapi tulated in few words. Tho house in Berkeley Square contains at least one room of which the atmosphere is supernaturally fatal to body and mind. A girl saw, heard or felt, such horror in it that sho went mad, una never recovered sanity enough to tell how or why. A gentleman, a disbeliever in ghosts, dared to sleep in it, aud was found a corpse in the middle of the room after frantic ally zinging for help in vain. Rumor suggests othor cases of the same kind, all ending in death, madness, or both, as the result of sleeping, or trying to sleep in that room, The very party walls of the house when touched are found saturated with electric horror. It is uninhabited, save by an elderly man and woman who act as caretakers but even theso havo no accoss to the room. This is kept locked, the key hejiig in the hands of a mysterious and seemingly name less person, who comes to the house once every six months, locks up tho elderly couplo m ine Dusemeni, auu men uihuuub ui' -uuui, and occupies himself in it for hours. Finally the house- — though in Borkeley Square — is neither to be lot nor sold. Its mere outside shows it to be given up to decay . THE LONELINESS OF THE QUEEN. We wonder how many of hor subjects everreflect on the pathetic element in the Queen's prosont position, the contrast being her placo in tho world, as the only woman reigning over a great peoplo by legitimate right — the only other great roigning lady, the Empress of China, is only Regent for hor son— popular or even beloved by millio'is. half-worsbinned. as a woll- informed correspondent tells us to-day, in India,: a separate figure known to the wholo hnsnan race, yet burdened with a solitariness only to bo felt by kings. Sovereigns aro always more solitary than others of mankind, for, except with husband or wife, a sovereign can have no perfect intimacies;, and if their lives are long prolonged, .their friendships must grow few. The ' friends' of every young sovereign are always persons; older than himsolf — a fact markedly true of the Queon, to whom Lord Melbourne, tho Duke of Wellington, Lord Lansdowne, nil men. of an earlier generation, stood first ;in that : re lation—and as, they drop off, they are irre placeable. Tho Quoori hasBurvived not only her husbnnd, but almost all relatives of her own tithe, all her curlier political friends, and an entire group of closely attuched depen dants, liko Sir C. Phipps, Sir 'Arthur Helps, and many another less known to tho general world. There is no ono living wno uoum address hor by her Christian name, or, in deed, on any, terms of equality; while all hor children but-'ono aro. married, scattered, immersed in .business and households ol their own. It ia a lonoly peak to sit on, at tho top of the world, and as age draws on tho sovereign, who has already reignod so long that mm passing middle age l-ave con sciously known no other, must teel this moro and. more painfully, with a sadness which tho movement of tho world does _ not diminish Tho Qtioen haB had no misfor tunes such as have afflicted many of hor predecessors, no loss of subjects like George III,, no loss of public honour like George 1Y„ but she has to bear iho burden ol an ever-increasing pressure of interests, inp'1 dents, movements of mankind, of all which she must to herself seem tho centre. Noth ing eventful can hnppen in the world which is not in1 some way or oilier borne in pressingly on ; tho Queen. The . special feature of the age, the new complexity of life arising from rapid communication began l.„r ? ? ? ? H„=lrioorin w.ia SIIOTUJ OU1UIU IIOI UCVDOauii ? ....... killed in 1830— and from that moment to this, affairs must havo seemed to press in ever increasing volume upon hor, as if tho very atmosphere had grown moro weighty. Imagine what the telegraph alono lias been to tho Queen. To feol imperative duties in creasing, and strength decaying, and lite growing more aud more lonely is a sad posi tion for any one; but what must it be to a Sovereign who rooeivos every day ovi donco that sho is one of the central figuros of tho world, who hoars on Monday that all America is glad because tlio report of au accident toher had proved exaggerated, on Tuesday that nn Indian liibo has accepted her as goddess, ou Wodnosday. that . ;.hor daughter, one day to be Enipross of Gormany, has, celebrated her Silvor Wedding with priucos for tiain— bearers, on Thursday that a plot had boon discovered which renders doublod watohfulnosB nocossary round Windsor? It is a strango position, ono not to be desired; and, reinomber, it must be judgoil not from tho Constitutional point of view that the Queen only accepts advice, but from her own point of view that tho Qneon, after taking advice, gives her own commands. No monarch ovor yet quito lost tlio feeling that in somo indescribublo way, ho was himsolf in somo special degree responsible for tho welfaro of his people, and iu that responsibility alone, bo it as unreal as it may — and Englishmen ofton underrato tho Queen's direct influence on affairs — is a burden which to a lonoly woman long ex perience can only mako tho heavier. Ex perience teaches us what to do, but teaches also hoi.' useloss the doing often is. Wo are no devoteos of Monarchy, gravely holding self-government to be moro educative and more dignified; but thero has novor boen in history a reign like that of Queen Victoria, who, surrounded by an imponotrablo eti quette, breaks it to tell her people that devo tion, even in tho humblest of followers, has roused in her 'real friendship.'' Republi canism in England sleeps, and will sleep while the Queen reigns. Is thoro not in that mere truism a sufficient biography ? — Lon- don Spectator. 