TALES AND SKETCHES. | The IKnud on Hie Xnlcli. $ "Whnt is that coin upon my watch-chain ? £It la n Spanish doubloon ; a very prclty picco ;.'6f money. On ono side is tbc head of Phillip IV., with the date 1G40 ; en tbc reverse, two upright pillars— tbc TiUnr of Hercules, with the setting sun between them, and the motto ; jnus uura ucncatu. now uiu i come oy ;tt.? -Curiously enough. iMIt was the old story, repeated, as it seemed " me, ad nauseam. An old house, haunted |p£ course, in which no stronger could pass n -night, or if he did something awful happened. He would be found in tbo morning dead, I - mad, or speechless, unable to tell of whnt ho Kid seen, and refusing to ho questioned. I dfd not know at first what the tradition wns, oif what was supposed to occur in this par ticulnr instance. I paid little attention to tho irossip ; 1 only kuow tbnt tho house w&s; pointed out to mo as haunted, and I de- rifled the notion. Where was it? Well, it was shunted in a rather unlikely spot for such ncrror to take root in, viz., the outskirts of inordinary mnrkol-squnro'in a country town aot far from the sea ; a region devoted twice- iWcck to tho saio of fat oxen, sheep, pigs, iml poultry. . And tho town? Well, its raW docs not matter. I consent, remember, o'tell tbc story only on condition that no p&stionB; are asked. I am not going to be riSss-cxamined, and I decline to reveal real lames ; but it might liavo been anywhere— jjy half-dozen localities down the .eastern ontics line would answer to' it, so utterly oinmonplace and uninteresting was its whole sflcct. Yet the house itself was quaint, aljbg red-bricked, !owroofcd, and nntrow- dijdowed, aud had been built nt least one wly undrcd and fifty years. Though modern ' rtjclures now hemmed it in, nnd towered trii above it on either side, it must origi- r tuh have stood by itself, within its own iacn, which still ran a long way to tho ly lai. It does not at all matter either whnt idk me to the town. -I had to llvo/ there, tais enough, nnd I lodged for years with >ihe respectable people, who, at the end of iQiijtimc, emigrated, and I had to find fresh inters. Apartments were to let that would itvtnc, I was told, in the identical house, Ijdid not mind the tradition about it. ind the tradition? Not I, Indeed ; I did t ieally know what it was. My brain was ohtirely devoid of superstition as any jrfnl's could be. I bad seen a good deal of iat is called spiritualism, which was in £|>day8 n novelty in England. I bad seen 4es turned and heavy furniture moved k?$ut nny visible agency, hieky Qtjt this experience had only served to 5 firm my original opinion that everything the kind was duo to clever jugglery and posture. Ghosts, of course, I had no belief ; So I took the apartments— a largo bed- mnnrt a small sitting-room — tbnt were to intbc house. t was occupied by a foreman of some tan- rksnnd his wife. He hnd got the 6hort lairidcrof the lease on very low terms, au80 the bouse had |bccn for years un- anted on account of its evil reputation — old story agnin. . Mr, Tanner hnd been in niy.n few months when I took the rooms, '.jwe both laughed at tho haunted notion in 'we spoke of it ; for he was as great a jtio as myself, Secu anything? heard thing ? Not he. Ifibcrc he's a ghost,' Eaid the honest owrflie will not go for to tronble himself hthlikes of us, nor with you, sir, neither, b&Dftmd; nnd 1 agreed with hiiu. Veekrand weeks went by, only toconfirm vievS Nothing whatever happened, of rse, 'aqd in fact tho thing passed out of memoiy after the first few day. I grew bo quite ht home in tny new quarters, awl. aa thoroughly comfortable. , r Tho bedroom rros thnt K ohg strip of olil-ftisliioncd garden \--aaotnmo, camo on was reiioIcoTuRl..' "? umcs.. Tbo brightness nnd clieorfuiVCe s ho chamber which delighted me ?" lly.dao to a piece of vnndolisnj commitirf iomo- previous tenant. Tho panelling h mn I round it to the ;|, eight of nbojt' feot, had been pnmted a creamy white and window.sasbes hail shared thcBnroJ and a wall-paper, similar in tone, gave a trad- 'airy aspect to n room which wise might have proved dark and ly.'Vram agrcnt person for light. I 'abort a night-light; so my surround- mited me exactly. Kent scrupulously Aftihe proverbial new pui, a menl might heeffen off any part of tbo nport- orsOfTfta simple dimity-covered nnd ncd furniture; in a word, it would 3cen hard to find any place more un haunted chamber. The two windows O o the right of the bed, the door to tho a littl®beyond the foot, nnd directly to tbe bed, the fireplace, the 23rd ' of October, 1841, I went to , s - 'l,1 about eleven o'clock. As I / ways bnrn a night-light, and, it(.tbairfroni any oiber reason, , iny door. Never a very good jghtest sound awakes me, nnd 1 nVI \night suddenly, about no hour : / -aopposc, after I went to bed. Ji V disturbed uie. I was sure of Vo conscious. What was it ? Mght, the whole neigh l>our' hood was as silent as the grave, And the ele ments on this occasion were equally so. The souud was in the room— no, not actually to the room, but jm4 outside— at the door, and was made by some one trying to open it. Yes, undoubtedly. I could hear it creak, as it yielded slightly to the pressure as of a shoulder from the outer rider ; 'nod us, sitting upright in bed, I kept my eye eagerly upon it, I saw tbc heavy, black, old- fashioned iron latch, conspicuous on tlic white door, riEC— n hand was on it. Pre sently it was allowed to fall softly, prcscnlly it was slowly aud as Boftly raised again, and the shoulder again pressed steadily against the door. But the bolt below the latch was firm, and when the attempt to enter hud been repeated three or four times, it was given up entirely. Should I call out? Should I look out? No, my curiorily was checked by my prudcoce, perhaps bv a slight qualm also. I remained for a long while listening intently, but I could hear no one outside— no movement, no foittlcp, uo creaking of the floor or stair. After watch- iog -and wailing for a long while, got cautiously out of bed, Mid back the bolt noiselessly, suddenly threw open the door, nnd looked into the passage, for I had still heard iio retreating footstep outside. Although the bright light from my room streamed into the passage as far as the head of tbo old staircase, notiody was to lie seen. 1 was too late, I hnd waited too long, or pi-r haps, whilst I was getting out of bed, tbc rustle of thc'clothcs'had prevented my hear ing the wonld-be intruder retire. Listening, nnd peering over the 6tairrnjl down into the darkness, 1 could still dint-over no feign of life, except for the heavy breathing of the riecj>- itig landlord nnd his wife. They slept on the ground iloor, and beyond their two rooms, my two. nnd the kitchen, the remainder were" unfurnished, for we were the sole inmate of the house. Silence reigned everywhere ; and in the course of half an hour 1 was back in bed, with the door bolted and the light burning brightly, as-if, nathicg bsd'occurrcd. But you may guess I'did hot sleep much, though, except by my thoughts, I was disturbed no more that night. I had looked at my watch before returning to bed, aud calculated that the whole affair Imd bapppcnml bclwcen twelve nnd one. And now, what did it mean ? I will not bother you with my specu lations on the point, for they feimply l&i.drU; me nowhere. 1 was puzzled. 1 never for one momout doubted my landlord's honesty, nor, on the other hand, my own eonec-. Some ono had tried to gut into my room, that was certain. Who was it ? 1 determined to keep my own counsel, at any rate until 1 should see if the attempt were r< newed. Before retiring the next night 1 was care ful to take a look at tlic fasteuiugs of the front aud back doors. They were both secure, the latter, which led into Utc garden appearing the least 60 ; one heavy bolt only held it. but it was shot. Mr. and Mrs. Tanner kept earlier hours than I did, nnd 1 could hear they were soundly sleeping when I went to my room. uncomioriauic i ics, ot course 1 icit a little uncomfortable— most people would, however nuiply endowed with moral courage ; but, honestly, it was curiosity which princi pally possessed inc. However, 1 bolted my door, lit the light, and went to bed as usual, Fornnbouror more I loy broad, awake, with eyes fixed on the black latch ; trat about a quarter to twelve, after loolriug-at my wntcb 1 began to feel drowsy, nnd, though fully intending not to sleep, I dropped off, I suppose, In another minute or two, for I was awakened suddenly by a recurrence of pre cisely tho same sounds as those which had disturbed me oil tbo previous night. There was the slight creaking of the door from the prcssurons bofuro ; there tyas the hand on the latch outside', causing it to rise and fall as bcforc. TUnn there was an interval, then a renewal of tbeffort to enter, then another interval, nnd so on for some twenty minutes. After that, nil was quiet again. What should I do? Irresolute, aod not without' some mis givings, nt Inst I slipped out of bed, and took a peep into tho passage ; but still there was nobody visible. Whoever hail been theru wan not there now, am-- he 'Or shemuStTTave got out of tho way in tho most mysterious manner ; for 1 bad never yet detected any indication of n footfall. The third night came. I still rigidly de termined on keeping my own counsel until I hnd got at the bottom of this queer experi ence, 1 resented tbe idea of being twitted with tbo cant anil rubbish about the Iinuntcd bouse, as 1 knew I should be if 1 uttered a word concerning wbat 'bad occurred ; yet 1 confess I was perplexed. Hie notion of rob bery was bnrdly feasible. Ia the first place I bad nothing worth stealing— a free access to my rooms could be hod all day. Well, as I say, the third night came, and with it an exact repetition, ai the same hour, of all that hod taken place twice before, except that, as tho latch rote for the second time, I called out iu a low but clear voice, before leaving my bed. ; - 4 Wait a moment, and I wilt let you in. . Tho lnlch fell on the instant with a sharp click. 1 Ha, ha,' I thought, 4 we ore getting at it hut before I could gain the door and open it tho mysterious personage was gone— he was again too quick for me, nnd once more all was quiet for tbc remainder of tbe night. Tho following morning I made a minute examination of passage, room, latch, door, floor, ceiling, above, below, and. in every comer. There were plenty of opportnnltics for doiug this, as Tanner and -his wife were often away from home for hours to gether ; but it led to no result — 1 could find no clue to the mystery. For the two following nights nothing what ever occurred ; evidently my examination hnd been observed, and I was guessed to be on tlic alert. But on the sixth night, exactly as before, the whole business took place orcr attain. This was setting tiresome: what with the uneasiness of mind it caused, and tbc watching aud waiting, I bad had little or no sleep for nearly a week. There was only one way for it, therefore, open to me now : I must leave my door unbolted aud see what would happen. I thought it well to be pre pared for emergencies ; so, when I went to lied on this the seventh nlybt, 29th ot October, I rttd not unilrcM, but merely lay down quietly under the counter- ne, with a good thick stick alougide of It was soon after twelve tuat the strange and unpleasant performance always seemed to commence ; and true to the custom, here it is beginning again. Here is tbc latcli slowly and softly rising. I grasp my stick, aud prcjtarc to spring upon tbe intruder. The door yields now to the pressure, of course, aud is gradually and stealthily niwncd by— uo one 1 Yet there it is, clearly wc oi)cn before my eyes ! No mistake atom, that, I am sitting upright on tbc bed, regarding jt with astonishment. And now I am aware, for the first time, that I am not alone iu the room ; a sensation i>erfcctlv independent of sight or hearing overtakes me oud assures r0 of this. But the door is closing again undci the prcsurc of tho unseen 'hl;ro,is lll« latch rising as if lifted 5 ?r l ky cautious fingers so that it i, imle.no no,sc- Wb"c I am gazing at JnZ n I 50 "'ondevand a minute lias elapsed, I am startled b» llvi soand of a gentle tlioogh smart click, as ol a snrin- which lias been pressed. It comes from the direction of tho hropjaco opposite the foot of tho bed ; and there, as I look. I see that ono of tho panels by the side of the white heavy wooden mantelpiece has sprung open, show- mg a deep dark cavity within. I remain perfectly still, my whole being in my eyes. Vmently. from the depths of the recess, there emerges an iron- clamped box about a foot aud a balf square. It cccms tbat it is being drawn out by a human hand only the hand is not visible ; and now it ia lifted by tbe same mysterious agency a little way into the room, and is then set gently down on the floor. .-While my attention is engaged on tho box, "my eyes aro again di- rected towards the panel, which has now been shut with the same click of the spring which bad opened it ; otherwise there ii no pound, no footstep, no rustling garment. The box being well in the light, 1 can see that it is very antiqoc. The clamps and bos?c are elaborately ornamental, and lead up to a ccntroi pattern on the top. where evi dently ia the loek. Over this is a strong iron handle ; and. while taking in these details, I see this, sort of trcasurc-chest lifted and. carried, as it might l>c by a powerful hand, towards the door, which, after a moment's fiauro, is opened. Then the chest disappears, the door is gently closed, and 1 feel that I am alone. Here iB spiritualism indeed with a ven geance; hut I swear I will discover the jugglery, if jugglery, it really be, yet ; for whnt reason tbe trick should be practised upon roe, 1 am at a loss to imagine. I have somehow got to believe that if I would scc it out I must make no noise ; so, treading" .with tbc utmost caution, 1 follow the chest into the parage, just in time to catch sight of it vanishing into the darkness of the staircase from the bright light shining out frurn the room. For a sane man, .with all his senses about him. to believe hU eyes under these circumstances wa difficult ; but you shall hear by and by what confirmation I can give of the facts. " At the head of the stairs I pause and listen ; the bolt of the back door is drawn, and I see a glimmer of the moonlight steal into the lower regions as tlic door .open. When it is shut again 1 creep down-statrs, rco|>cn it, and pass into the garden, looking radirnt in its mantle of dew, which glistens like silver in the full moonlight ofttcnutumn night. And there, sure enough, I behold the l>ox moving. away along the ser|>entinc path, -which I nut n.warc ends, in a dense tangle of a neglected thicket. Noitsclc/sly I follow on the s-jft turf. With great difficulty 1 keep it in sight as it is carried in and out among tbc bu-lios until it reaches the furthermost corner of the oUVvaM-protQCtcd domain, hut the stropg moonlight aids me. Tbe box is set on the ground— there is a rustling of the deiisc undergrowth !>cneath some gnarled nnd twisted apple trees thereabouts. The tangled herbage is gently moved aside ns by feet nnd bands, and iheh I see the plnnkiog'of a trap door. .Soon this is rni6o<l with difficultytaud crushed back lightly upon the bushes. Icaa- nok approach very near, for I am conscious of a slight return ot the same sensation of not being alone which I .had experienced in roy room : but 1 can see plainly what is going on. The chest is taken op again, and poised for on inttant over tho pit or well which the open trap-door has revealed. Then it is lowered, ns it might bo, by:a rope or chain ; but this is no more visible than arc the hands or the pcrFon of him who appears now to be letting it down into tbc well ; for well it is, I can divine from the plash and gprgic wbich echo when tbe water is reached. , , A minute or two elapse, then tnc trap door is shut down, the hushes apd under- growth move nnd sway a Httlc ns they spring back orcr it into their place, oud not a voutia nrcatcs tuc fimmcss ot ttie mgut ; no footfall or rustling of the autumn leaves, no motion, no sign of life amongst the shrubs as. of anyono leaving; the spot; but I am cop- scions of becoming once again tbe sole occn-. pant of the garden, and stand gazing up at the glorious full moon, literally moon-struck for n while, nnd tnorc bewildered than I have ever been iu roy life. Of course I question my.cclf as to whether I am awake or in my right mind ; and, of coarse, in the end, I go back to my room by the way' I came, bolting the back door after me. Of course I cxnmino carefully ,tboi region of tkc mantlepiece. Of course I can discover ho spring whereby to open the panel, for it was evidently a secret one ; and as 1 did not see the baud which touched it, I cnmiot-tfll vrhcrc it.is situated. Hut I can discover the 'position of the recess by thq hollow sound which at length answers tbc rap from my knuckles, which I gave each panel in succcsdon. There is a cavity be hind this one without doubt, nnd its position corresponds with tbe place where tup opem- iag ajqxansd.-. Bo far, tbeirrat least, here fs confirmation. In the moruing I will en deavor to get some more ; 1 will ecnrcii beneath tbc undergrowth at the end of the garden, and bee if the trapdoor and well have really any existence. Then, nftcr a lengthened delate with my rontou, I turn in, and oddly enough sleep soundly for tbc re mainder of the night. Daylight creates more doubt nnd perplexity of mind than did the moonlight mystery itself. Have I been dreaming after all ? Surely there can be no other hiliou ; if so, then have I been in. a dream for seven days ami nights. Still there is a hollow behind tbe panel, of which I had no idea before : that is a fact, though I cannot ns yet find the way to open it. What about the trap-door in tbc garden ? As soon as the coast is clear this will have to be investigated. I am not going to be such a fool as to let the laugli be turned against me, by saying a word until I am in a position of more certainty. At length the coast is clear, nnd I am once more down -in 'the thicket, and among the gnarled trees by the old wall, quite by my self, and screened from observation by dis tance aud the lie of the land. No prying eyes from any hack windows iu tho neigh- borbood can overlook me. There is the place in yonder comer, looking at first in the soft morning light much as it did by that of tbe moon. It is eerily recognised ; and in two minutes I had Kcrnmblcd in among tbc bushes, and discovered, by prodding with my stick, what may possibly be a trap door ; but if it be, it certainly was not opened hist night. Tho undergrowth, too, seems to be much thicker than it did then. Dense creepers, griis-q ivy, mould, nod dead leaves, in some places several inches deep smother it ; ami surely, unless carefully examined, no eye would have detected the existence of such a construction in such n spot. Nevertheless, cere is partial comirmmion again, jocicnr away, for a closer inspection, takes several minutes ; but the cud is that I get hold of a heavy rusty ring, by which, with great exertion, I inauagc to raise the rotton plank ing of the lid of on old brick well. A peep into its dark depths and a stone or two 'rr'J J-—., tnll — - l-.»fc tl..m ( waljif about eight or ten feet below. More confabulation with myself leads to my getting a ladder frotn a tool-house, and lowering it to the bottom, with the intention of descending, -When, at last, tho liuldcr Is firmly adjusted; down it I go, for 1 am used to ladders. It rests steadily at lbs bottom, and I can tell when I reach the water that It is not nbore three feel deep. Then I stoop and delve and jwkc about with my stick, which presently touches what, by degrees, 1 make out to he, possibly, a box. Getting really excited now, and not being afraid to wet my feet, I get lower and lower on the ladder, until, half up to my middle in the icy water, 1 plunge my arm in to the shoulder. After much groping I seize upon some slimy links of a chain, by which X am able, by putting forth all my strength, to i lift, and eventually to haul up to the edge of the well, a sodden, worm-eaten, ruriy, iron- clamped old chest, the very counterpart of that which I had seen last night, saTc for the effects which a long immersion would pro duce. Confirmation strong as proof of Holy Writ 1 ' Surely what I lrnd witnessed hod some foundation ; but to say that I was amazed bey ond all expression is to say very liulc- . . 1 shut up the well, hid it with tic bashes as far as possible, restored the ladder, and carried tbc box urocen to my room. What was in it? Its great weight and quaint exterior suggested treasure. Rotten ns the woodwork had become, there was not much difficulty in prising it open. It was chock- full of golden eoiu, apparently Spanish doubloons, with dates varying from IGGOto the end of the century, Vhcn Tanner caine homo to dinner I in quired of whom he had taken the place. He named tbc chief solicitor of tho town. I . went to him and nvked for a little informa tion respecting the history of tlic house. He was a dry old stick, with a complexion the colour, of his own parchments, but I cork screwed enough out of him in time to give some clue to the fouudation of ray mysterious experience, though not' enough to explain it. He was but the ngent to the proi>crty ; its owner was a merchant izr London, umber by name, and it was mi ancestor of his— Michael of that iik— who bad built the house in 1090. lie Imd made n forluuo— bo the tradition ran, said my informant — by no very reputable tncntV) ; in short, lie was known to lmvc been a lawless adventurer, one of the innumerable buccaneers who, duripg the greater part of the seventeenth cerdnry, waged piratical war upon the Bnnnifh settlers in South America nnd the Wert Indie.". ' It wns said that he kept hi treasure concealed in various parts of the house. Which then stood quite alone on the o dskirtjof tho town. Accord ing to the lawyer, itVjvas the tragic end of Michael Grubcr which" hod given rise to the superstition about the . place being haunted. It seems he wns found nt daybreak on the 29th of October 1723iu a dyiiig state in his garden, and lying near him was tho dead body of a Fcnfnring man, with whom he was known ti> have dealings. Evidently there had been a bloody encounter aud from what Grubcr let fall in his dolirium consequent upon liis wounds, it Is'supposed tbc mnn bad !>ecn diRtiubcd iu llid'nct of plundering him. nnd not l>eing able td vcscape with the booty, was hiding- it in tho garden, with a view to future removal, when' Grubcr surprised him. Many facta went towards 'roakiog good this supposition. Grubct- wfao wns a very old man- then, wns onlyjhalf dressed, ns though lie had risen liastily phd ruriied from his bed room niter the tbiif;'nhd a socrct pnncl which was discovered Jn the apartment when the dying man wnf cajried bnclj there ap peared 'to givo biiu'fcreafc' concern ; for he continued pointingftoVil, nnd declaring in coherently that bit clrtbt-lrad been stolen. .This seemed probaldtw ddmucdi.THlhable pro perty was nfterwnnadlMovered fu the secret cupboard. '4Aml herein is-;fhe>.n origin of-lho legend about the room bcipg' haunted, eh V I asked, the mention of tBe .hifssing chcst nnd the date of the tragedy giving mo the cue. 4 Yes, truly,' answered my informant ; f nonsense of this soft h always attached to deeds of violence, tlpd have occurred years 4 Pray what is tltc oxoct nonsense in this case?' t) i - ;» 4 Well, Indeed, l ata hardly capable of say ing. I believe it is'ft6mctbfng to this effect : that nny one wlio'slcfeps in' that? room during tho tnonth of Oc'tohcF will see somebody at tempt' 16 enter iq dead of night; but whether the semcbotra aver .'gets in, nobody knows. You, Sir, t relieve, have !>ccn sleep ing thero lately, andtftf countc have kcou no thing, though; trplr,ilhave been assured that certain tonnota Imvo occn greatly disturbed.' T'ci" ruled tluMKHnt by paying. 'Wnaa scntcn .rnado for the chest- which old Grubcr said had-bcon slolcn ?' l uo not know. , riou see, u all happened a little before iny tue ;' and the old chap chuckledr-' ( ; 4 Yoa cannot' rccaU'furthcr dejails ?' 4 No, truly, not at this moment, though possibly I might' be able to huntj them up if you deaire.it, and.Wirt favour me with your ; reasons for making1 tlicse inquiries.' Then 1 ifavourcd'iiiqi with my rcasou9 by telling him wlikt'lhad found, |iut avoiding all referencc to thd'iftrnnge way iu which I had been led to look for tho well. I merely 'said that I hnd been poking about for some fenis at the cud of the'ucglcctcd garden, and coming uj>on tho. trap-door nccidcntly, had been induced to examine it, tbe result being the. discovery of the old .chc&t; full of doub- lootis.' . , | J . The lawyer's"parchmcnl-likc face' as ho listened to my. acc'Ount was as good as a farce. Kvittyill'r ho thought mc a lunatic. 1 Now, truly!' Levnid, 4 this is very nstonish- lug ; we never knew of nny f'tIj place.' 4 Very likely. It had not V-m opened for ; y corMApd -was- corq plftridy-hidrhmmyrth <r xm-" (fcrgrowth ; but if 'you will -come wiih mo, you shall 6cc it for yourself, and what 1 picked out of it.' Hera is my story. All that I hnvc to add of importance is, that on communicating with trie then living Mr. Grubcr, lie behaved in the most handsoroo fashion. The 4 treasure trove,' which amounted in value to some thing over one thousand pounds in gold, of course was his, but he insisted on my retain ing half of it— no mean reward for my enter prise. One of the doubloons is' here ou my watch-chain, ns you see ; the remainder- well, I, not being a rich man, converted most of them, having given two or three to Tanner and his wife. They held on to the end of their lease, some two years and n half ; nnd I remained their lodger until tbc house was pulled down at the expiration of tliat time. Although I parsed two more Octobers In that haunted room, no mysterious spirit ever tried to enter it again.. I hnd laid tbc troubled ghost exactly one hundred nnd eighteen years to tho day after it had been 4 doomed to walk the earth,' and to disturb periodically the jx-nccful occupants of the room which had been the scene of its crime. Until the present moment I liavo never re- vcnled ton soul the spiritual side of my ex perience. 1 could never make up my mind to let the laugh bo turned against my scepticism on tbe question of spiritualism. Am 1 n sceptic now? Whether I nin or not is of little consequence. My age is such that n few years more will, for me, clear up this ns well ns all the other mysteries of the seen and the unseen— of life and death. Explain it further? O dear, no 1 I can not attempt to do that. You must RUppo<m what you plcnce. I only know that if I had not seen whnt I saw, I should never hnvc thought of looking for the confirmation of its the proper place. — Time. 