DONAL GRANTS BY GEORGE MACDONALD, Author of "Alec Forbes," " Malcolm," c, &c.; CHAPTER XIV. THE days went on and on, and still Donal saw next to nothing of the earl. Thrice he had met him on his way to or from the walled garden in which he was wont to take what State exercise he ever did take on one of those occasions his lordship had spoken to him very courteously, on another had scarcely noticed him, and on the third passed him without the smallest recognition. Douar, who with equal mind took everything as it came, troubled him itself not at all about the matter. He was doing his work as well as he knew how, and that was enough ; why should he desire the recogni- tion of what was an essential to his own being He saw scarcely anything now of Lord For gun, whose ardour after mathematics and Greek, such as it had been, was so much stated that he no longer sought the superior scholar- ship of Donal. He could not help fancying also that the young fellow avoided him. Of Lady Arctura he saw as little as ever, and of Miss Carmichael happily nothing at all. But it pained him to see Lady Arctura, as often as he chanced to pass her about the place, looking so far from peaceful. What was the cause of it? Most well-meaning young women are in general tolerably happy partly perhaps be cause they are content with small attainments, and do not trouble themselves much about what alone is worth their thought-and perhaps the first impulse of such is to despise sadness as something unworthy. Lady Arctura was devouring her own soul in silence, with none' but such wretched help as the self sufficient Miss Carmichael, who had never encountered a real difficulty in her life, was able to give her. The autumn passed, and the winter was at hand-a terrible time to the old and ailing even in lands near the sun-to the young and healthy a merry time even in the snows and bitter frosts of the east coast of Scotland. Davie was looking forward to the skating, and in particular to the pleasure he was going to have in teaching Mr. Grant, who had never done any sliding beyond that of a poor boy on the soles of his nailed shoes, but who, when the time came, acquired it the more rapidly that he never cared what blunders he made in trying to learn a thing. The dread of blunder- ing is a great bar to the success of the self anxious. He continued to visit the Contains often, and found continued comfort and help in their friendship, while the letters he received from honiCj especially those from his friend Sir Gibbie, who not unfrequently wrote for Donors father and mother, were a great nourishment to him. The twilight had fallen one evening as Donal sat writing, and the wind had risen. It was now blowing a gale. When he could no longer see he rose to light his lamp, and looked out of the window. All was dusk around him, above and below nothing to be distinguished from the mass, in which something and nothing seemed to share an equal uncertainty. He heard the wind, but could not see the clouds sweeping before it, for all was cloud overhead, and no change of light or feature showed the shifting of the measureless bulk. A gray stormy space was the whole idea of the creation. He seemed to gaze into a void-say rather a condition of things inappreciable by his senses. A strange feeling came over him as if he were looking out of a window in the walls of the visible world into the region unknown, to man shapeless quite, therefore terrible, wherein wander the things all that have not yet found or form or sensible embodiment wherewithal to manifest themselves to eyes or cars or hands of mortals. In such a region imagination might indeed have scope, of imagination could live therein at all. As he g such the huge shape- less hulks of the ships of chaos, dimly awful suggestions of animals uncreate, yet vague notions of what was not, seemed to come hearing up, to vanish even from the fancy as they approached the window. Earth was far below, invisible j only through the dark came the meaning of the sea, which the wind drove in still enlarging waves upon the flat shore, a level of doubtful grass and sand, three miles away. It seemed to his ear as if the meaning of the sea was the voice of darkness lamenting, Uko a repentant Satan or Judas, that it was not the light, and could not hold the light, and become as the light, but must that moment cease when the light began to enter it. Darkness and moaning seemed to be all that the earth contained. Would the souls of the mariners shipwrecked this night go forth into the ceaseless turmoil? or would they, leaving behind them the sense for storms, as for all things soft and sweet as well, enter only a vast silence, where was nothing to be aware of but each solitary self ? Many thoughts, many theories, passed through Donal's mind as he sought to land the conceivable from the wandering bosom of the limitless, and he was just arriving at the conclusion that, as all things seen must be after the fashion of the unseen whence they come, as the very genius of embodiment is likeness, therefore the soul of man must of course have natural relations with matter; but, on the other hand, as the spirit must be the home and origin of all this moulding, assimilating, modelling power, and the spirit only that is in harmonious oneness with its origin can fully exercise this disputed creative power, then it must be only in proportion to the eternal life in them that spirits are able to draw to themselves matter and clothe themselves in it, so entering into full relation with the world of storms and sunsets -He was, I say, just arriving at this hazarded conclusion, when he started out of his reverie, and was suddenly all ear to listen. Again 1 Yes ! it was the same sound which had sent him that first night wandering through the house in fruitless quest. It came in two or three fitful chords that melted into each other like the colours in the lining of a shell, then ceased. He went to the door, opened it, and listened. A cold wind came rushing up the stairs. He heard nothing. He stepped out on the stair, shut his door, and listened. It came again-a strange unearthly sound. If ever disembodied sound went wandering in the wind, just such a sound must it be ! Donal, knowing nothing of music save in the forms of tone and vowel change and rhythm and rhyme, felt as if he could have listened for over to the wild wandering sweetness of lamentation. But almost immediately they ceased-then once more came again, but apparently from afar off, dying away on the distant waves of the billowy air, out of whose wandering bosom it seemed to issue. It was as the wailing of a summer wind, caught and swept along in a tempest from the frozen north. The moment he ceased to expect it any more he began to think whether it must not have come from the house after all. He stole down the stair. What he would do he did not know. He could not go following an airy nothing all over the house, of a great part of which he as yet knew nothing. His constructive mind would have gladly gained a complete idea of the castle, outside and in-it was almost a passion with him to fit the outsides and insides of things together in his understanding; but there were whole suites of rooms into which, except the earl and Lady Arctura were to leave home for awhile, he could not hope to enter. It was little more than mechanically that he went vaguely seeking the sound; ere he was half way down the stair he recognised the hopeless- ness of the attempt, but kept on to the school- room, where his tea was waiting him. But after that soon came another phenomenon, involving more wonder, and doubt even painful. It pointed in the same direction as the former, though what that direction was it was impossible for Donal even to guess. He had returned to his room, and was sitting again at work, now reading and meditating. How long he had thus sat he could not have told, for anon the mind is busy it takes little note of the phantasm time, when, in one of the lulls of the storm, he became aware of another sound-one most unusual to his ears, for he never required any attention in his room-that of the steps of someone coming up the stair-heavy steps, not such as of one accustomed to run up and down on ordinary service. He waited listening. The steps came nearer, and stopped at his door. A hand fumbled about it and found the latch, lifted it, and entered. To Donal's surprise, and something to his dismay, it was the earl. The dismay was from his appearance. He was deadly pale, and his eyes more like those of a corpse than of a man moving about among his living fellows. Donal started to his feet. The earl turned his head towards him; but in his look there was no atom of recognition \- not as much as amounted to an acknowledgment of his presence ; the sound of his rising merely had its half mechanical effect upon his brain, He turned away immediately, went to the window, and there stood much as Donal had stood a little while before, looking out, but with the attitude of one listening rather than one trying to see. There was indeed nothing new but the black- ness to be seen nor anything to be heard but the roaring of the wind, with the roaring of the greatbillows-rolled along in it. As he stood the time to Donal seemed long; it was but " 3 [The sole right of publication in Queensland of Donald Grant" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Limited. about five minutes as the man out of his mind, or only a sleep walker' How could he be asleep so early in the night But as he stood doubting and xv onder ing, once more came a musical cry out of the darkness Immediately cairns from the earl what seemed a response-a soft low mm mm by degrees becoming audible, in the tone of a m m medit iting aloud, but in a ii strained ecstasy Ti in his words he seemed still to be hearing the sounds aerial though they came no more to the cars of Doing ' Yet once again ere I forsake the flesh are my cars blest with two voices It is the song of the crew and was one in a For me she sings I Sing on, seen, my soul is a listening universe, and then can nought but th) voice i e He paused and after a time, began afresh ' It is the end in the tree of life ' Its leaves rustle in xv olds of love TJiulei its shadow I shall one day he, with her I loved-and killed ! Bi e that dix comes she will have for given and forgotten and all will be well 'Huk the notes' Clear as a flute! Tull and down is a violin' They are colours They are How easy they are line I can see them is the glow, as the) blow ' those nice pure cases 1 Those are pimpernel 1 Those high intense, burning ones-so soft yet so certain what are the) ' Jasmine' No, that power is not a note 1 It is a child and that school I mean what a flower I never saw that How ei before novel on this earth ' It must be a flower of the paradise whence comes the music ' It is It is Do I not remember that night when I sailed in the great ship across the ocean of the stars, and scented the air of heaven and saw the pearly gates gleaming across my nails of miles-saw, plain as I see them now, the flowers on the fields within Ah, mc 1 the dragon that guards the golden apples ' See his crest-his crest and luscmciald eyes He comes floating up through the mm K take It is gervon-come to beat me to the gyro below 1 ' With that he turned and with a somewhat quickened step left the room, hastily shutting the door behind him, as if to keep back the creature of his vision Strong hearted and strong obtained, Doing had yet stood absorbed as if he too was a e out of the body, and knew nothing more of this earth and its presence there is something more terrible in a presence thatisnotapicäcncothm in a A vision of the bodiless A present ghost is not so terrible as an absent one, was present but deserted body He stood a moment help less then pulled himself together and tried to think What should he do ' What could he do' What was requried him' Was anything required of him " Had he any right to do anything Could anything be done that would not both be and cause a wrong' His first impulse was to follow , a man in such a condition, what ev ci was the condition, was surely not one to be left to go whither he would among the heights and depths of the castle w here she might break his neck any moment Intel terence no doubt, was dangerous, but he would follow him at least a little wax ' He heard the steps going down the st or before him, and he made haste after him But ei e the earl could box c reached the bottom of the stand the sound of his descending steps ceased and Donal knew he must have left it by one of the doors opening on other floors [TO BE, CONTINUED ] 