THE NOVELIST. THE BLACEK POODLE. Fromn "Longnan's M1agazine.*" \---- o --- (Continued.) Now there was one inconvenience about our villa(bcsides its flavour of satcde) whichit is necessary to :men tion here. By common consent all the cats of the neighbourhood had so lected our garden for their evening reunions. I fancy that a toritoishell kitchen cat of ours must have. been a sort off leader of local frlinesociety I know she was B'at home, ' with mus ic and recitations, on most evenings. My poor mother found this inter fere with her after-dinner nap, and no wonder, for ifa cohort ot ghosts had been s shrieking and squealing, ' as Calpurnia puts it, in our back garden or itrhad been fitted up as a creche for a nursery of goblin infants in the ag" onies of teething, the noise could not possibly have been more unearthly We sought for some means of get ingrid of the nuisance ; there was poison of course, but we thought it would have an invidious sppearance and even lead to legal difficulties if each dawn were to discover an assort ment of cats expiring in hideous con vulsions in various parts of the same garden. Firearms, too, were open to object ion and would scarcely assist my mo ther's slumbers, so for some time we were at aloss for a remedy. At last, one day, walking down the Strand, I chanced to see(in an evil hour) what struck me as the very thing-it was an air gun of superior construc iion displayed in a gunsmith's window. I went in at once purchased it, and took it homne in triumplh; it would be noiseless, and would reduce the local average of cats without scandal-one or two examples, and feline fashion would soon migrate to a more secluded spot. I lost no time in puttiug this to the proof. That same evening I lay in wait after dusk at the study window protecting mother's repose. As soon asL heard the long-drawn wail, the preliminary sputter, and the 'wild stampede that followed, I let fly in the direction of thesound. I suppose I must have something of the national sporting instil ct in me, for my blood was tingling with excitement; but the feline constitution:assimilates lead with out serious inconvenience, and 1 began to fear that no trophy would remain to bear witness to my markmanship. But all at once I made out a dark indistinct form slinking in from be hind the bushes. I waited till it crossed a belt of light which streamed from the back kitchen below me, and then I took careful aim and pulled the trigger. This time at least I had not failed there was a smothlered yell, a rustle and then silence again. I run out' with the calm pride of a successful re. venge to bring in the body of my victim and I found underneath a laurel, no predatory tom-eat, but (as the discern ing reader will no doubt have forseen long since) the quivering'carcase of the COlonel's black :poodle! I intend to set down here the exact unvarnished truth, and I confess that at first, when I knew what had done I was not sorry. I was quite innocent of any intention of doing it, but I felt noregret. I even laughed-madman that I was- at the thought that there was the end of Bingo at all events ; that impediment was removed, my weary task of cunciliation was over for ever! But soon the reaction came ; I real ised the tremendous nature of my deed and shuddered. I had done that which might banish me.from. Lilian's side for ever ! All unwittingly I had slaughtered a kind of sacred beast,the animal rpund which the Currie house hold had wreathed their choicest effect ions! How was I to break it to them Should I send Bingo in with a card tied tohis neck and my regrets and compliments ? That was too much like a present of game. Ought I not to carry him in myself? I would wreathe him in the best crape,I would put on black for him-the Curries would hardly consider a taper and a white sheet, or sackcloth and ashes, an excessive form of atonement-but I could not grovel to quite such an abject extent. I wondered what the Colonel would say. Simple and hearty as a general rule, he had a hot temper on occasions aund it made me ill as I thought, would he and, worse still, would Lili an believe it was really an accident ? They knew what an interest I had in silencing the deceased poodle- would they believe the simple truth ? I vowed that they should believe me. My gcnuine remorse and the absence of all concealment on my part would speak powerfully for me. Iwould choosea favourablh time for my confession; that very evening I would tell all. Still I shrank from the duty before me and as I knelt down sorrowfully beside the dead form and respectfully composed his stiffening limbs, It thought that it was unjust of PFate to place a well-meaning man, whose nerves were not of iron, in such a posi, tion. Then, to my horror I heard a well ringing tramp on the road outsiae and smelt the peculiar fragrance of a burmese cheroot. It was the Colonel himself who had been taking out the doomed Bingo for his usual evening run. I don't know how it was exactly, but a sudden panic came over ins. I held my breath, and tried to crouch down unseen behind the laurels ; but he had seen me, and came over at once to speak to me across the hedge. He stood there not two yards from his lavourite's body ! Foltunately it was unusually dark that evening. ' Ha, there you are, ehl ? '. he began heartily; ' don't rise, my boy, don't rise. ' I was trying to, put mayself in front of the pqodle, and did not rise at least only niy hair did. '.You're out late, ain't you-? ' he wentin ;~ !aying out your garden hey hey ? ' I could not tell him that I was lay ing out his poodle ! My voice shook as with.a guilty confusion that was veiled by the dusk, 1 said it was afine evening-which it was not. " Cloudy sir, '- said the Colone!l, cloudy-rain bifore morning, I think. Bythe way, have you seen anyth!ing of my Bingo, in here ? ' This wasthe turning point. What,. I oirgkt to have done. was to say-iourn fully,' Yis I'm sorry to say I've had a most uunfortunate accident with himi-here he is-the fact is, I'm af raid I've shot him ! ' But I couildn't;.:: I could have told him at my owa tiime, in a preparcd Jorm of word-but not then,' I. Ielt I must use all my wits to gain time.aid fence with tli questions. * Why 'I said wtth a leaden -iir iness, (:' he hasn't.given the slip, has he?' 'Never did such a thing in hiis life I' said the Colonel warmly ; he rushed off after a rat or a frog or something a few minutes ago, and as I stopped to light another cheroot I lost sight of him. I thought I saw him slip in under your gate, but I've been calling him from the front there and he won't come out. ' No, and ie r:ever would come out any more. But the Colonel must not be:told that just yet. I tempoised again; ' If,' I said unsteadily, 'if he had slipped in under the gate I should have seen him. Perhaps hie took it into his head to run home ?' Oh, I Shall find him on the door step, I expect the knowing old scamp? .Why, what d'ye think was the last thing he did now ? '. I could have given him the very latest intelligence; but I dared not. Howeverit was altogether too ghasdly to kneel there and laugh at anecdotes of Bingo told across Bingo's dead body; I could not stand that! ' Listen' I said suddenly. ' wasn't that his bark There again; it seems to come from the front of your house, don't you think?' ' Well, 'said the Colonel, ' I'll go. and fasten him up before-he's off ag ain. How your teeth are chattering you've caught a chill, man-go indoors at once, and, if you feel:equal to it, look in half an hour later, about grog time, and I'll tell you all about it. (omplimnents to your mothler. Don't forget---about grog :time'!' -? I had got rid of him at last, anid I wiped my forehead gasping with relief. I would go round in half an hour and then Ishould beprepared to make my molancholy announcement. For eve, then, I never thought obf: any oihr course;'until sudleonly it flashed upon mnie with terrible clearness' that my miserable shluffling hy the edg' had made it impossible to tell the, truth ? I had not told a direct lie, to be sure, but tnen I. liad giveli the Colonel the impression tliitI had denied liaving seen the dog.. Many.people can ap pease their consciences by reflecting that, whatever may be the effect their words produce, ttiby did .contrive to steer, clear of a downright lie. I never quite knew where.the distinction lay, morally, but there is that feeiing I have it myself. ' Uu fortunately, prevarication has this drawback that, it; ever the truth comn-. es to light, the prevaricator is in just the same case as if hie had lied to the mostshameless extent, and for a man to point out that-the words he used contained no absolute falsehood will seldom restore confidence. i might of course still tell the Oolo nel of umy misfortune, and leave him to infer that it had happened after our interview, but the poodle was fast be coming cold and stiff, and they would most probably suspect the real time of the occurrence. And then Lilian wouldl hear that I had told a string of falsehoods to her uncle over the dead body of her idolis ed Bingo-an act, no doubt, of abom inable desecration; of unspeakable profanity in her eyes ! If it would have been difficult before to prerail on her to a cept a blood stained hand, it would be impossible after that. No I had burnt my.ships. I was cut off for ever from the straight forward course; that one moment of indecision had decided my conduct in spite of me-I must go on with it now and keep up the deception - at all haz ards. It was bitter. I had a; ways tried to preserve as many of the princi pals which had been instilled into me as can be conveniently retained in this grasping world, and it had been my pride that, roughly speaking I had never beeu guilty of an unmis takable falsehood. But henceforth, if I m~ant to win Lillian, that boast must be relinquished forever ! I should have to lie-now with all my might, without limit or scruple, to dissemble incessantly, and ' wear a mask, as the poet B3unn beau tilully expressedit long ago,' over my hollow heart.' I felt all this keenly I did not think it was right-but what waslI to-do ? After thinking all this out' very carefully, I decided that my only course was to bury the poor animal where he fell and say nothing about it With some vague idea of precaution I first took off the silver collar he wore and then hastily interred him , ith a garden- trowel and succeeded in remov ing all traces of the disaster. I fancy I felt a certain relief in the knowledge that there would now be no necessity to tell my pitiful story and risk the loss of my neighbours' esteem By-and-by, I thought I would plant a rose-tree over his remains' and some day as Lilian and I, in the noontide of our domestic bliss, stood before it ad miring its creamy luxuriance, I might (perhaps) find courage to confess that the tree o ned some of that luxuriance, to the long-lost Bingo. There was a touch of poetry in this idea that lightened my glocm for the moment. I noed ecarcely say that I did not go round to Shuturgarden that evening. I was-not hardened enough for that yet-my manner might betray me and so Ivery prudently stayed;tit home. But' that night my sleep 'was broken by frightful dreams. 'I was perpetu aBlly tmying to bury a great gaunt poodle which would persist in rising up through the damp mould as fast as Ic ivered him up-Lillian and i were engaged and we were in church to getheron Sunday, and the poodle, resis ting all attempts to eject him, forbade our banns with sepulchral Larks- It was our wedding day. and at the criti cal moment the podle leaped between us and swallowed the ring-Or we were at the weddju breakfist, and Bi:go a gr'zzly black skeleton with flatuiln , es. sat on the cake and would not allow. Lilhian to' cut, it. Even tlhe rose-tree farncy wabreproduced it a distorted form-the tree grew and every blossom contained a mii.ature Brn,,o, which barked: and as I woke I was desperately taying to persuade theColonel that they were ordinary dog-roses. I went up to the offimu~ cxt day with my gloomy secret gnawoug my bosom, and whatever I did, the spectre of the murdered poodle rosa before me. For two deys alter that I dared not go inear the Curries, un:il at last one evening after.dinner I forced myself to call; feeling that it was really not safe to keooep away any !on ger. (To be continued ) 