MRS. FRERE7S DIAMONDS. Mb. Frere was a very rich old gentleman of somewhat parsimonioas habits, nin one ex travagance was a love for young woman. He was an excellent example of elderly lover ; he was not satisfied unless be had a pretty young: wife, and then be made love to the sex at large, bargaining only for youth and beauty. The first Mrs. Frere was a lovely girl, witb blue blood in ber veins. She was poor, and Mr. Frere'e wealth tempted her. She brought witn ucr as uct boic aowry a Bpienmu diamond necklace which bad been preserved as an beirloom in her family. Mr. Frere was almost as proud of this as be was of bis wife, and be, from time to time, added diamond ornaments, nntil finally she possessed one of the finest sets to be seen in any London draw ing-room. She altered strangely after her marriage ; became devoted to dress, amuse ment, and excitement. Bat she was quiet and amiable with ber husband, except that at first ehe frequently complained because he would not give her all she wished. Bat after a while she left off reproaching him. He wonld not give her an allowance ; he liked to play tbe generous and uxorious husband, and give her a dress when it took his fancy to do so. There was a dangerous light in her eyes sometimes when she submitted to him. But she did not submit. Eventually, however, she lost patience, and dealt him tbe hardest blow that lies in a woman's power. She ran away with a wild young cousin of her own whom she had loved before her marriage. He was a spendthrift, and bad made away with his slender fortune, bo Mr. Frere had one comfort in his uneuy situation — he felt sore his foolish wife would discover now what poverty meant Sbe had gone to Paris, and those who met her thought her looking wretchedly ill ; bat she always appeared very gay and dressed magnificently. In six months sbe died, and left Mr. Frere free of all but ber memory. The cousin went to America, and did sot reappear in England for many years. It seemed he was doing well abroad, Mr. frere had disliked the idea of setting * divorce, perhaps fearing that his bald crown and scant fringe of white hairs might raise a laugh in court. Bat now that he was so agreeably set at liberty be immediately began to pay assiduous attention to one pretty young lady after another. The number of young ladies with whom his wai associated did not arise from his own changeablenesB, hut from their onanimooj rejection of his ad ? dresses. For poor Mrs. Frere'e career was not forgotten. She had been a favourite in her time, and most of her wnnnititrgTif^H re garded him in the light of an old ogre, who ' nad driven her to her ruin and di*itfhi This was very trying to Mr. Frere, for he really doted upon youthful beauty, and he much wished to appear in the society which he feared had been sneering at him, with another ? yoang and lovely bride upon his arm. But his case really seemed desperate. Most ladies gave him the cold shoulder as eoon as ? they gneaaed at his intentions ; if any allowed him propose, it was only for the pleasure of refusing him. The poor old gentleman got ? quite depressed, and knew not what to do. He began to think of travelling, and enticing Borne innocent young creature into wedlock who had never heard of the late Mr. Frere and her sad end. It was September, and he was at a large country house where there were a number of morsels in the shape of young women ; he could not tear himself away from their capti v&tions;, yet he dared not propose, to any one of them, for his recent experiences had made him nervous. It was humiliating to be re jected by some girlish creature fresh from the school-room, and then meet her every day ; and he did not want to go away from the house, for the girls were not unkind to him. They teased, and pleased, and nattered him. Only he noticed that he could never be with one of them alone. They always went about with him in little companies, of three or lour. In fact, they had determined that the old would-be lady-killer should never get the t-\ianf*p to make love to any one of them. A new addition to the circle, a lady who had been the beauty of the season just over, seemed much amused at this little arrange ment. For her part, the said, Bhe had no fear of Mr. Frere ; he was rich enough to be an eligible parti ; but he seemed afraid to speak to her. So he was ; for she was tbe handsomest woman be seen for many a day, and ex perience hid taught him that he would fall in love with her. and that if he would preposed she would refuse him. The last day of his stay arrived, and he was very sad. In the afternoon he deserted the men, who where out shooting, and went into \-- ih& morning-room, 'where he found all tbe young ladies in a state of gaiety which yoang 1mi1i«^i sometimes indulge in. They bad been polling the men to pieces in their absence, and laughing at them : poor old Mr. Frere, whom any one of them might have bad for a lover, had just had hiB turn. He was given to mak ing passionate speeches whenever he could get the chance ; and some of the girls, on compar ing notes, found that he used the identical words to each. In fact, he did somewhat lack imagination This amused the cirls im mensely, and they were laughing over it when he came in. They immediately began to -Cease him, and while they asked him a hundred questions all at once, he -etood smiling, flattered, and perfectly happy in their midst. Confused by the presence of so much beauty, he made a speech, which most of those who heard it re garded as absolute nonsense. 'Ladies,1 be said, *'I am going away to morrow. It is dreadful to go away and leave yon. I don't think I have the courage to do it, unless one of you will concent to console me. Which of you ladies will marry me? My wife wfll have the late Mrs. Frere's diamonds, and they are not to be despised.' He spoke as if purely in a joke, and laughed .as he said it. fiat his eyes looked eagerly and anxiously round the merry circle to see if «ny face looked thonghtfoL 'I will, Mr. Frere,' said the beauty; The others looked in amazement, and then burst into pearls of laughter. The idea of the beauty sacrificing herself for a set of diamonds —she who, it was supposed, might wear a -coronet if she choose ! But Lady Rose knew her own position better than any one else. She had been out several seasons, and had had no offer worth accepting, and her mother ?would not let her have tbe man she loved. A rich old man, who, as she fully determined, should be her slave , a set of diamonds for her Tery own which were a fortune in themselves — these things were worth thinking about. The whole thing was treated as a joke by -every one present. But in tbe evening Mr. Frere came quietly to Lady Rose and eat down by her. 'Lady Rose,' he said, 'If you are willing to hold to the bargain we made to-day, I will beep to my part of it.' She raised her eyes and looked coldly into his. ** If you mean it,' she said, ' so did L As X said, diamonds Buit mw ; and I have none.' ' I will giee you the late Mrs. Frere's on your wedding day,' he answered. ' The jewel-case which contains them shall be opened by yon for tbe first time since she herself shot ft.* In due time the marriage was announced and the details were settled. The wedding was fixed for an early date. Lady Rose, ? having made her bargain, wms not diffident about fulfilling it. She wanted the diamonds; not only for their beauty, bat because when once tbey were in her hanuB she wonld be rich in her own right for the first time in her life. ShewatavariciousbecaoseBhewasunhappy and She determined that if Mr. Frere proved in tolerable, and wanted to be her master instead of her slave, she would, like the late Mrs. Frere, run away, bat she would not commit the fatal mistake of leaving the diamonds be hind. At last the wedding-day came, and there was no doubt aboatone tiling — Lady Rose was tbe handsomest bride of the whole rear. And yet ahe was so pale as to look like the ghost of beraelf. The diamonds ahe wore were the envy and admiration of her friends. They were magnificent ; her white neck and arms Uaced with their beauty. Bat before long she made a discovery which dulled her blood, and made her face as white as that of * ghost. The diamonds were paste ! Before her fight the runaway had had the act of jewels exactly imitated by a dexterous jeweller in the Palais Royal, and none but an expert could have told the difference. It was on die proceeds of the sale of the real stones that, after her flight, the lady and her cousin lived luxuriously in Paris. 