SOWING NOTES. BT CLOAKTHGS. Excepting some minor events there is bat little doing at present on the river. The Ormond and Trinity crews attract some attention from tbeir fellowgtudents and | friends who tarn oat to see them go for their afternoon spin, about half-past four each evening. Amongst the email knot of sight seers I noticed Bishop Selwyn one evening, appealing to take an interest in what was going on. From the fact of his lordship having found his way to the river, I presume hia wiry, athletic-looking form is not un known in cqnatic circles in the old country. Tbe third contest for the Krug Champagne Sculling Trophy takes place next month on the Parramatta River at Sydney. Several competitors are already announced, including Messrs. A Fittes, Sharland, Walker, Gaden, and Middelton, who are all more or less known tojfame. Fittes, it will be remembered, wbb the first holder of the handsome prize, his opponents that were considered most dangerous on that occasion being Messrs. Brett and Arthur, the latter having since left Sydney for New Zealand. There wae none of them, however, had a ghost of a show against the Victorian scalier, who went over under the auspices of the V.R A., our representative winning the final heat in tbe moat hollow fashion. Mr. Fittes was coached and trained by Robert Edwards, who accompanied him to Sydney and rendered great services indeed, as it was said at tbe time that a very visible improvement had taken place in the Victorian's sculling. I had not seen him in &Bculling; boat since, till Tuesday evening, and he certainly shows to great advantage as compared with the ungainly- looking oawnen we were wont to see at one regattas on the lower river. Tbe prestige already acquired by Vic torians on the Parramatta is perfectly safe in the hands of Mr. Fittes. Mr. Gaden, the present holder of the trophy is, I hear, being trained at Shark Island by Lsycock; and that augurs well for tbe ex Geelongese. Mr. Sharland, the Tasmanlan, is a fine specimen of an athlete, and is said to be a really good man over a distance. He recently won a handicap sculling race on the Derwent against a number of competitors, conceding to .some of them as much as 70 yards start The Tasmanian is a great enthusiast, a wonderfully improved sculler since he last appeared on the Parramatta, and no nutter woo iB opposed to him, will probably turn oat the most difficult man of the lot to beat. Altogether, I am inclined to think, should Victoria and Tasmania be pitted against New South Wales in the next race for the Krug Champagne Sculling Trophy, that it will take out friends on the other side of the Murray all their time to pterent the cap going on* visit to the ''tight little island," or taking ap its abode permanently in Victoria. It has pleased.nte not a, little to hear that! the. Mercantile Bowing Club (Sydney) has determined upon having a branch establish-; ment on the Parramatta river. It is a fact, perhaps, not generally known to our rowing men of the present, day that the successful inttationof the intercolonial eight- oar race was mainly due to the M.R.C. The meeting of the committee of the Vic toria Bowing Association, which was to have been held on Monday night, lapsed for want of a quorum. . " V W-»" J, Edwards hasjast. turhedput * very beautifully- finished sculling outrigger, to the, order of l|r. A- Fittes, tobejisod intheforth coming contest for the Krdg Champagne trophy, which, takes place on the Paramatta River next inonlli. The measurements are 31ft inleneth, iljin, deep amidships, 2Un. alt, and 2|kn. forward. The boat u fitted with a sluice box, so that shecannotget swamped so long as her canvas covering is intact, andhas steel «utrigger8,swivel row-, looks,and clogs 'fixed to the stretcher. The elide Is oonBtrpoted on anew principle, and is known asthe, "carriage slide," ie., the seat runs onwheety.whibhare carried on ateel rods, and hBa a rise of three.eighths of an Inch. The tota) weight, including all fittings, is ©hlySMb. ii A sculling match for a £l&<$ro]riiy takes plaoethis aftemoon|>etween Messrs. T Brown and {A. TempUftnan, ofthe Yarra ¥«m and Victoria RowingCluba, Entries lor tn^ Krgg Champagne sculling trophy oxou be made>itih secretary « the New Sooth Wales Rowing Association on or before Saturday next, the Sad Jane. The final heat of tne Y.Y.R C. Bculiing raeea will be towed this affetnoon between] Messrs. Fo(?arty and Ainley. Writing of the Kru« Champagne sculling contest, the Sydney Daily Teh graph says " That Mr. Gaden has gone into thorough training, and ia now located at Shark Island under the tuition of * the re* doubtable Elias Layoock. A few days since Mr. Gaden had his boat smashed, bnt having replaced it .with another, is assiduously prac tising with hiB mentor. Mi. Brett intends going np the rivet to train at once, and Mr. (. Rich ia also about to do the eame. Mr, > Walker is hard at work on the Balmaitr side, and the other probable etartera are doing their rowing from the city. Messrs. Fittes and Sbarland, the Victorian and Taamanian representatives, may be soon expected to arrive, and when they are at their training quarters we bave no doubt the interest in the Krug trophy will be con&ideiably; inten silled." 