FICTION. (From English, American and other Periodicals) MISUNDERSTOOD. CHAPTER XX..-(Continued.) " Very well ; there is a six-o'clock train-the workingmen's train-into New York ; we will take it and find a home for ourselves somewhere in the city, But how about your school, Star ? They will seek for you there." " I will go to Professor Roberts and tell him that circumstances compel me to leave, and ask him for a recommendation to some other institute ; there are others in the city where they would never think of looking for me, and where I can graduate next year as I have planned to do." " It shall be just as you wish, my dear ; I feel that 1Iam doing you no wrong in gratifying you ; you shall be like a young daughter to me, and I-I pro- mise I will be no burden to you, notwithstanding that I am old and feeble," Mr. Rosevelt answered, With a sad smile. "A burden !" Star repeated, with quivering lips " Oh, please do not imagine such a thing ! It is you, who are to take care of me and shield me until I graduate, for without you to help me bear the responsibility, I should not dare to take such a step " Mr. Rosevelt smiled again. ."You try to make the obligation appear all your own ; but I share it, nevertheless ; and I think you and I will be far happier away from the unpleasant influences which have surrounded us during the past year. I am quite anticipating the change, I assure you. Now you must go to rest ; you look more like a ghost than a star just now ; and my heart has been deeply pained to-night for the suffering that you have had to endure ; but I believe it will yet be made up to you in some way," he concluded, with grave thoughtfulness, He sat regarding her earnestly for a few moments. Then he said, while his eyes were fixed question ingly on her face, "This is a different kind of storm, child, from the one which you and I paseed through at sea-your faith was strong then-you were not afraid to die : how is it now ? Do you believe your God rules this kind of a storm also ?" There was a sceptical smile on the old man's lips, and a bitterness in his tone as he asked this, which filled the young girl heart with remorse. She looked up at him with a startled glance, while her pained face almost instantly relaxed into an expression of trustfulness and peace. " Uncle Jacob," she said, with a solemn sweetness- which impressed him deeply, " you could not have said anything for which I should thank you more you have recalled me to myself. I should not have forgotton for a moment that God rules everywhere and over everything. Yes, I believe He knows best, even though I cannot understand why I must suffer this bitter trial." The old man sighed deeply, and his face was very grave. " Good-night I" he said, abruptly, and rising, led her to the door. When he reached it, he bent suddenly down and touched her forehead with his lips, and Star, with a low-spoken " good-night," went away with a sorely aching heart indeed, but greatly comforted by his sympathy, while a spirit of submission had succeeded to the bitterness and rebellion of the previous hour. Jacob Rosevelt locked the door after her, and went back to the table where he bad been sitting when she came to him. Opening the drawer, he took out a package of papers and letters, which he carefully looked over. When he had read them all, he selected a portion, tore them into atoms, and throwing them into the grate where there was a slow fire, watched them until they had burned to ashes; with a white, stern face. Then he sat down again and wrote far into the night. The next morning when Mrs, Blunt went up to see how Star was feeling, and if she had any appetite for her breakfast, she found her room empty. "Goodness gracious! the child has got up and gone to school, and without a mouthful to stay her stomach, or I'm much mistaken !" she said in a voice of dismay. Then, as her eye fell upon the open drawers of the bureau, and the empty closet, a sudden fear oppressed her. A little note lying upon the bed now attracted her attention, and she eagerly pounced upon it, It was directed to her, and with trembling fingers she opened it and read : DEAR Mas BLÖKT; Something hag occurred which makes it impossible for me to remain here any longer, and I am going away to take care of myself You have always been very kind to me, ana I thank you very much for it, and shall never forget it. Sometime I hope to eee you again, and I trust you will always think kindly of "STELLA GLADSTONE." The good woman sat down and wept bitter tears over this brief note, for she bad learned to love the bright, kind-haarted girl who always had a cheery word for her, She .knew the house would never seem the same again without her. Then she went down to tell the news to her master. She met John Mellen in the ball, who had come with the intelligence that Mr Rosevelt left the lodge early that morning, taking all that belonged to him "which was not much, yer honor," he volunteered, and he banded Mr. Richards a note which the old gentleman had left for bim. CHAPTER XXI. FRUITLESS EFFORTS. Mr. Richards and his family were thrown into considerable confusion by the double surprise which this morning revealed to them. He was really a kind man at heart, and had been very much troubled by the way that his wife had conducted herself toward her aged uncle, and also by her unfeeling usage of Star. Mrs. Richards, however, found it difficult to con- ceal ber satisfaction at the turn events had taken. She had intended, as before mentioned, to post the dangerously beautiful girl off to Brooklyn with one of the servants that morning, where she would have been out of the way of Lord Carrol ; but she had saved her the trouble of doing this by taking her fate into her own hands, and it was a great re- lief. She kept her own counsel regarding her know- ledge of what had transpired during the interview between her husband and the young lord ; neither did she consider it necessary to mention the stormy scene which had occurred at the lodge the previous evening, in which she was so prominent an actor. 'Josephine shall have everything her own way now," she thought, exultantly: "at all events that girl shall never triumph over my daughter by be- coming Lady Carrol," Mr. Richards declared that he should go immedi- ately in search of the fugitives, He could not en- dure the thought that the delicate young girl and feeble old man should go out into the world to earn, their own living, for this he supposed they would be obliged to do, since what little money he knew Star to be possessed of could not support them both a great while. But Mrs. Richards indignantly objected to this proceeding. , " Let them alone," she said, angrily; "they will not thank you for your trouble, and doubtless would refuse to return if you should succeed in finding them. I am sure they have shown precious little gratitude for what we have already done for them. Uncle Jacob says in his note that it has been very unpleasant for him here, and if such is the case, let him go where he will fare better if he can find such a place. As for that proud-spirited, independent girl, I never want to see her again-I am glad to be rid of her." Mr. Richards did not reply to this tirade, but be felt very sorrowful, for every day only seemed to reveal some new trait of selfishness and heartlessness in his wife, which served to detract from his respect for her. Nothing of all this, however, was mentioned be- fore their guests, and when after breakfast Lord Carrol sought his host in the library to make further arrangements for an interview with Star, he was astonished and dismayed by the intelligence which he received regarding her secret departure with Mr. Rosevelt. " Have you any idea where they can have gone ?" he asked, with a very pale, anxious face. " Not the slightest," Mr. Richards answered, " and I am deeply concerned about the affair. You will believe me, I am sure, when I tell you that I admired Miss Gladstone exceedingly, although I am obliged to confess with shame, that her sojourn with us has not been made as pleasant as it might have been." Mr. Richards made this confession with a lower- ing brow and in a stern tone. "I judged that she was not hpppy here from something that she dropped last night," Lord Carrol said gravely. "And," be added, with evident em- barrassment, " it is a delicate topic to touch upon, but I believe plain dealing is best-she also stated that it is generally believed in your household that I am here as a suitor for Miss Richards' hand. I trust, however, that there has been no such mis- understanding as this, I enjoyed a very pleasant month at Long Branch with both your wife and daughter-perhaps I sought their society more than might have been deemed proper, unless I had seri- ous intentions; but this was owing to the fact that I discovered Mrs. Richards to be of English birth, and knowing something of her friends abroad, it seemed to become a bond between us, out of which a friend- ship naturally sprung, Mrs. Richards very kindly invited me to make one of a party here, and I ac- cepted her invitation-I give you my word of honor upon it-with only thoughts of friendship, and the pleasure of meeting congenial company, and with the intention, if she ever came abroad, of returning her hospitality in the same spirit. I hope-I trust, my dear sir, that my coming nore thus has not been misconstrued, or placed Miss Richards in an awk- ward position." The young man's face shone with a look of real concern as he concluded, and Mr. Richards was con- vinced that notwithstanding his wife had asserted that he would propose to Josephine, he had never entertained any serious intentions regarding her. " It is all right, my young friend," he responded, heartily, and feeling great respect lor him for his straightforwardness. " I am satisfied that you have been perfectly honorable, although I must oonfess that I was greatly astonished last night to leam that Star was the object of your affection. I regret sin- cerely the misunderstanding that has arisen between you, but we will do what we can to find the missing girl, and I trust that then it will not take long to effect a reconciliation," " Thank you," the young lord said, but he looked very grave, for he did not feel as. if it would be a very easy matter to find Star. He knew that under- neath her usual gentleness and sweetness there lay a strength of purposeand determination which would lead her to do thoroughly whatever she undertook, and if she had gone away to hide from him it would take both patience and sagacity to find her. However, he resolved to devote all his time before the day set for his return should arrive, in searching for her; and, acting at once ripon this decision he sought Mrs. Richards and Josephine, telling them that much as he regretted doing so, he should be obliged to cut his visit short, as business of impor- tance had called him unexpectedly away. Josephine was bitterly disappointed and chagrined, for she was as yet in total ignorance as to the cause of his departure.and Mrs, Richards for the moment was rendered speechless from indignation. She had not once thought that he would go away before the expiration of his week. " We shall see you again, I trust, before you leave America." Josephine said, with her sweetest smile, as he took her hand at parting. " Perhaps so, I cannot tell," he answered, absently " We return to Brooklyn next week," Mrs. Rich- ards now managed to say, " If you are in New York, you surely will find time to run over and call upon us now and then," " Thank you, I may be able to do so," he replied, courteously, and then, with a somewhat formal bow. he went away to seek for his lost love. " What under the sun is the matter with Lord Car- ril this morning, mamma ? He does not appear like himself at all; and what has possessed him to go away so soon?" Josephine cried, nearly ready to weep as the door closed upon the man she loved, and she was left alone with her mother. Mrs. Richards then related what she had overheard the previous evening, and told her also of her subse- quent interview with Star, and Mr. Rosevelt, and the news that had come to them that morning of their flight. Josephine listened to her in dumb amazement, hardly able to comprehend the romantic story. " That girl has done nothing but set everybody by the ears, ever since she entered this house," she burst forth at length, quivering in every nerve with anger. "Cord Carrol in love with her! I cannot comprehend it, and I think it is scandalous for him to confess it, after the marked attention that he paid me at Long Branch." " I think so too," Mrs. Richards echoed, but rather faintly, for she knew how Josephine had almost been thrown at him, so to speak. " Well, I am glad she is gone," the excited girl continued. " I hope now that we shall be able to take some comfort. She bewitched papa with her pretty face, her music, and pretended love of study. She was an artful thing, making herself so con- spicuous at school, that even the newspapers took it up, and was so puffed up on account of it that her airs were insufferable. It is a mercy that Uncle Jacob lost his fortune before he came to us, or she would have been likely to wheedle him out of it." " She has been as sly as a fox," commented Mrs. Richards, wrathfully, her ire against poor, unoffend- ing Star, waxing hotter and hotter, for she was as bitterly disappointed to lose his lordship as a son-in law, as Josephine was to lose him as a husband. " I never heard anything like it ; to think of his being engaged to her, and we never suspecting such a thing I I'll bet," the refined young lady continued, as a bright idea struck her, " that she went away to meet him last Saturday, and that was why she was rigged out so; that must the secret of her in- solence to me ; she knew she was soon to become Lady Carrol, and she was trying how it would seem to lord it over me." "You forget Josephine," interposed her mother " that she did not knew anything about his title, and so you are all wrong in your surmises" " True," she replied, somewhat crestfallen ; " but when do you suppose he engaged himself to her ?" " I am sure I do not know-very recently, he said. I tried to make her tell me about it last night, but I couldn't get a word out of her. One would have thonght by the way that she faced me, that she was already my lady somebody. But I reckon I fixed it so that she will not be at present, I made her think that hie lordship had told the story in a way to make her appear as ridiculous as possible, and she has gone away, believing him to be as faithless as it is in the power of man to be," and the hard-hearted woman threw herself back in her chair with a sigh of satisfaction at the thought, " It is a shame, anyhow ; everything has gone wrong, and I- I really was fond of him," Josephine confessed, with a passion of tears. Mrs. Richards' face darkened. She never could tolerate anything which interfered with the desires and whims of her only child. " Well, we will not give up hope, even yet," she said, trying to speak comfortingly. " We shall go back to Brooklyn next week, and we will try to see him as often as we can- We will visit his studio, and look at his pictures and those of his friends, and if he is unsuccessful in his search for that girl, he may turn to you again for comfort." " I cannot get over it that the, with her great eyes and yellow hair, should have attracted him and won him, when we have strained every-nerve, and spent hundreds for him," Josephine said, angrily. At this moment a servant entered the room and handed her a note. She opened it eagerly and read it Her face flushed a deep crimson, and with a pas- sionate gesture she instantly tore it in two. " What is it ?" questioned her mother. "It is too dreadful," the spoilt beauty cried, stamping her foot, "and I believe the girl will be the death of me yet." "Tell me what it is" persisted Mrs. Richards, growing pale. " It is a note from Lord Carrol himself," Josephine answered, her cheeks still hot from mortification and anger. " When we were at Long Branch he noticed this cameo ring that I wear-I happened to put it on the last night that we were there, unfortun- ately-and said that it was very much like one which belonged to a friend of his. He appeared rather strangely when he said it, and told me that his friend's name was Archibald Sherbrooke-of course, I can understand now why he would not say that it had belonged to him. I told him that it was given to me by a relative, and he did not appear like him- self after that." " But how came you by it-who gave it to you ?" interrupted her mother, who had never noticed the ring until now, for Josephine had so many trinkets that she could not keep track of them all, The girl flushed again, guiltily. " To tell the truth, it belonged to Stella," she con- fessed, reluctantly, "and it was such an exquisite little thing that I took a notion to have it. I offered to buy it of her, but she wouldn't hear a word of it, saying, she'prized it too highly as the gift of a friend.' But I was bound to have it, and went to her room one day and took it, and had it made into a ring, for it was in the shape of a pin. Of course I intended to return it sometime, but I meant her to understand that a girl in her dependent position had no business to refuse so simple a request. The in- itials A. S" with two strawberry leaves, their stems crossed, are engraved on it, and I knew whan be described it to me, that it was ' his friend'-or rather himself, as it appears now-who had given it to her, I heartily wish now that I had let it alone, But just listen to this." Miss Richards took the pieces of the note which she had held crumpled in her hand, and putting them together, read the following : " MISS RICHARDS". "Doubtless before you receive this you will have learned that Archibald Sherbrooke- whom I repre- sented to you as my friend, for reasons which you cannot now fail to understand-and Lord Carrol are one and the same person. Under the former name, which was the only one which belonged to me at that time, I became acquainted with Miss Gladstone on shipboard, and was so pleased with her that at parting I exchanged souvenirs with her, giving her a little cameo which I prized very highly- It is the same one which you have had made into a ring. When I met Miss Gladstone a short time since she re- marked that she had 'lost' my gift ; last night she told me how she had 'lost' it, and I would respect- fully ask you to send it to the inclosed address, that I may return it to the owner, should I be so happy as to find her. "Very respectfully, " ARCHIBALD SHERBOOKE, Bart, and Lord Carrol of Carrolton-" " Oct. 10th, 188-, "Why on earth can't you let other folks' things alone, Josephine ?" cried Mrs. 'Richards, when her daughter had finished reading this formal note, and feeling almost faint from mortification apon learning of this disgraceful episode in her life, " I'm sure," she added, reproachfully, " you have trinkets enough without taking the only thing a poor girl had." "Isn't your commiseration somewhat ill-timed, mamma, for the ' poor girl,' now that she is not here to reap the benefit of it ?" sneered the dutiful young lad;. " I don't care ; it is an elegant trifle anyhow and I've half a mind to keep it, in spite of his lord- ship's demand," she added, defiantly, as she held up her hand, on which the ring gleamed, and regarded it covetously. But she did return it, nevertheless ; she did not quite dare to retain it, particularly as she conld not relingush all hope of winning the young lord even yet. Mr. Richards accompanied by Lord Carrol, pro- ceeded with all possible dispatch to New York, and thence to Brooklyn, where they went directlly to the seminary which Star attended, and inquired for her. It was only half-past ten when they arrived there but early as it was, Professor Roberts told them that she had come at the usual hour and severed her con- nection with the school, and very much to his regret, be added, as be considered her one of the most promising members of the senior class, Both gentlemen looked blank at this infornation ; they did not suppose Star would be so energetic to cover all traces of her flight. She had asked, the professer said, for a recom- mendation, that she might more easily enter some other, as she hoped to be able to complete her course, although she did not tell him where she was going. " And I did," he continued ; " I gave her the very best one that could be put into words, for she de- served it. But what is this you tell me-that she has left her horne without the knowledge of her friends ?" and he appeared deeply troubled. " Yes ; but it is only on accounct of a slight mis- understanding, and one which would have been very easily explained if she had not been quite so hasty ; and I hope we shall be able to find her and make it right very soon." " I trust so ; I am very sorry to part with her," said the professor, gravely, while he measured the young lord with his keen eyes, mistrusting that he was somehow concerned in the mystery. " I had anticipated taking her through the course, and pre- senting her with her diploma. I tell you, sir, Miss Gladstone bids fair to become a most brilliant woman, Why, the essay which she read at our last com- mencement would have been a credit to the most profound literary talent in the country." Lord Carrol's eyes glowed at these praises of his darling ; but Mr. Richards winced under them, for his conscience was smiting him keenly for ever having allowed Star to occupy so questionable a position in his family. " You will oblige me if you will account for her absence in some casual way, if you are questioned about it," he said, " I should be sorry to have any unpleasant said of her." " Certainly ; you may rely upon my being very discreet, for her sake," Professor Roberts returned, somewhat stiffly. He bowed his visitors out, and then returned to his duties ; but all day long, and for many days, he missed the bright, earnest face of his " most promis- ing scholar," her brilliant recitations, and the respectful attention which she had always given him, As for Mr. Richards and Lord Carrol, their way seemed suddenly hedged up-they did not know which way to turn next. They knew it would be very difficult to find any one in the great city of New York, and it was possible that the fugitives had left the metropolis, although Mr. Richards, knowing how ambitious Star was to complete her education, was inclined to think she would remain there until she had accomplished this end. Still Lord Carrol was determined not to relinguish his search for her, and be neglected painting and everything else, riding from one end of the city to the other day after day, unweariedly visiting schools on week days, and haunting churches on Sunday, until the day of his departure arrived ; but all his efforts were unavailing and fruitless. An advertisement was inserted in all the daily papers. "Star, let me justify myself !" that was all, and Star, in her hiding-place, read it many times with curling lips and scornful eyes. " There can be no justification," she said ; " one man bearing two names and deceiving two girls, can ' never be justified." But her heart ached none the less, for with shame she owned it, she loved him still. The days seemed endless, her duties arduous and monotonous; she grew thin, her step lost its elasticity, and she was as miserable as even Josephine, in her most malicious mood, could have wished. November came, and with it the day of Archibald Sherbrooke's sailing for England. No one ever returned to his native land with a sadder heart and deeper regret than the,young Lord of Carrolton, and he would not have gone even then, but that some urgent business, connected with his uncle's estate, and his duties as his heir, imperatively demanded it. He would have much preferred to remain and search for the fair girl whom he loved so devotedly. But he resolved to return to America at the earliest possible date and resume his efforts to find her. CHAPTER XXII. THE GOAL REACHED. The winter passed, the summer came again, and on a sunny day in June, the great chapel of the Normal College of New York city was packed with human beings to its utmost capacity. Upon the broad platform were seated the profess- ors, the tutors, and guests, while the body of the vast hall was filled with its fifteen hundred students, attentive and vigilant like so many soldiers at their posts. These were girls all the way from fourteen to twenty years of age ; girls of every shade of com plexion and degree of beauty, or the reverse ; bright maidens with latent mischief twinkling in their eyes ot every variety of color and shade ; lasses of mer- curial temperament such as keep a household in a state of excitement and tumult-brimming with animal spirits and kittenish pranks. Others there were, however, with quiet serenity and dignity of manner, having sweet, clear-cut faces, and gentle ways shining through their countenances ; and those too-let ua whisper it-with a suspicion of the vixen and verago ; prudes and tomboys, angels and shrews -all mixed indiscriminately in that immense place, gathered for the final act of the school year-tbe graduating exercises, the distributing of the diplo- mas. And the departure of the senior class from the halls of learning, out into the great world, there to take up their duties as teachers. Among the large number of this class who occupy on this occasion, the front seats in the chapel, there is one quiet figure, having a pale, delicate face, large, deep blue eyes, and a fair, gleaming brow, shaded by bair of brightest gold, which more than one of the numerous visitors have singled out from her sister graduates, on account of her peculiar loveliness and an indefinite something which Beems to appeal to them from the depths of her lovely but rather sorrowful eyes. Slight of form, unassuming in manner, but with a dainty, star-like beauty that WBB almost magnetic in its influence, she sat quietly in ber seat until one of the professors announced the " Address in French," as per programme; when she aroBe, and "Miss Star Gladstone" at once stepped upon the platform, saluting first the officers, teachers, and gnestB, then her fellow-students, with a charming little bow, and a graceful inclination of her body. In clear, bell-like tones she began her address without the slightest appearance of self-conscious- ness or embarassment, rolling out sentence after sentence, in the smoothest and purest of French, until those who were well- versed in the language won- dered at such proficiency in one BO young, while those who could not understand it were spell-bound by her exquisite voice and graceful gestures. Star had been well tanght in French before earn- ing to this country, until it bad become almost like her native tongue ; therefore, after a year of arduous study under the best of teachers at the Normal College, it is not strange that she ehonld have been chosen, on account of har purity of accent to deliver the French oration. " Who ia she ?" questioned one of the visitors of a teacher. " Miss Gladstone," ehe answered, pointing to the name on the programme. " How lovely she is, In that simple lace bunting trimmed with its knots of blue ribbon, and those blush-roses in her belt." " So I think," the teacher replied, with an affec- tionate glance at Star. She has only been with us a year, however, She was hardly up to the mark when she entered the class, although she came highly I recommeceed by Professor Rroberts, of Brooklyn. Our standard you know is very high. But she waa anxious to enter the senior class, and assured ua that she woul'd nqt drag, and said she was particularly anxious to graduate this year." " And she has done well, I am sure," the visitor said, bending another admiring glance upon the fair graduate. "She has been one of the most brilliant scholars of the class. Her recitations have been wonderful. I do not think she has made a single failure during the j entire year. If she had been with us throughout the course she must have taken the valedictory, but she has acquitted herself grandly in her French essay, which she composed and translated herself." "She has indeed. I never heard purer FrenCh "spoken even in Paris. Does she live in the city ?" "I believe^so, although I do not know where. She comes and goes very quietly, and her clothing indicates that her friends, whoever they may be, are in limited circumstances. She appears to bava no intimates, and yet she is a favorite with all. There must be some sorrowful story connected with her life, I think, for there is a haunting sadness in her eyes whenever they meet yours, except when she smiles or becomes animated in conversation-then she is charming." " I should like to know her," said the first speaker musingly; but President Hunter here arose to die" drlbute the diplomas, and she gave her attention to his remarks, although her glance frequently sought the lovely face which bad eo attracted her attention, The subject of the above conversation, although unconscious of it, was none the less worthy of it, After leaving Jacob Rosevelt on the night of her exciting snterview. with Mrs. Richards, she sped swiftly back to ber room,' where she gathered to- gether a few articles of clothing, and packed them into a small valise; her school- books also, with her portfolio and the small box which had so aroused Josephine's curiosity that day when she went to steal Star's lovely cameo, These preparations ended, she retired to rest. She awoke long before daylight, and dressing her self in a dark street dress, she sat down by the win- dow to wait for tbe dawn. She penned that little note to Mrs. Blunt the last thißg before leaving the bouse. The woman had been BO kind to ber that she could not find it in her heart to go away without a single word of farewell ; to the others she gave not a thought. As soon as it was light enough, she stole softly down stairs* and out at the front door, as it was nearer, and, besides, some of the servants might be up it she went out the back way, and turned her back forever upon the hauss in which ehe had only been " tolerated." When she reached the lodge ehe found Mr. Rose- velt waiting for her on the vine-covered porch. He smiled a silent good-morning, motioning her not to speak, with a gesture which told her that John Mellen 's wife was not far off; and together they went out from tbe grounds by a side gate and proceded toward the station. They wore in time for tbe early morning train, and reached New York long before the household which they had left behind were aware of their flight. " We will go to some quiet street and board for a few dayB." Mr. Rosevelt said, as they sat down in the waiting-room of the station to consult upon what was best to be done, . " You must not lose a day of school if you can help it. I know just the place for us, I think, where there is a good motherly soul of a landlady ; perhaps she will know of some rooms which we can obtain at a reasonable price until you graduate, and then, perhaps, you may not care to remain in New York." Star assented to bis plan, and they repaired to the boarding-place which Mr. Rosevelt had mentioned, Bnd found the " good motherly BOUI," very willing to take them in. After partaking of a simple but wholesome break- fast, Star went at once to Brooklyn, and hadan interview with Professor Roberts, as we already know. She told him just as Httle as was possible, but said that circumstances obliged her to make a change, although ahe had not yet decided where she should pursue her education. She was surprised at the recommendation which he gave her, for it was indeed the very bsBt that he could put into words, and she felt very ead when he shook her cordially by the hand and expressed his regret at being obliged to part ",ith her, On her way back to New York sho decided, if she could pass the examination, she would enter the Normal College, believing that among the multitude who attended there she would escape observation more easily than in a smaller school. She went immediately to the corner of Sixty-ninth street and Fourth avenue, had an interview with the president, who consented to give her a private ex- amination ; bjit the curriculum was a little different from that of Professor Roberts' seminary, and she was not quite up to the standard in some of its branches, and being unwilling to go back into another grade, she waa admitted to the senior class " upon conditions." She was not long in showing him, however, that such a stipulation was wholly unnecessary!' She gave up all thoughts of music for the present, and bent all her energies to her studies, and soon not one out of the forty who were to graduate gave promise of a more brilliant ending to her career as a BCholar than she who had been admitted "upon conditions." Meantime Mr. Rosevelt had found three furnished rooms in a cheap, but respectable locality, where they took up their abode, the woman who owned and lived in the house agreeing to furnish their meals and act as sort of housekeeper general for a reasonable amount. Mr. Rosevelt would not hear a word to any other arrangement, although Star declared she could do a portion of the work herself. "No, you shall do nothing of the kind; you will have all you can attend to to keep up with your classes," he said, "But it will cost so much, Uncle Jacob," Star an- swered, ruefully, for she found that her poor hundred ' pounds was melting rapidly away; at least, it would do so if tbey paid for having all their work done. Mr. Rosevelt smiled, "My dear," he said, though somewhat sadly, she thought, " yon did not suppose I was going to allow you to assume the burden of my whole support, did you t I never should have consented to come away with you in that case. I am not quite penniless, and what I can afford to pay toward our support will at least relieve you of all necessity of laboring as a household drudge." They were as cozy BB they could well be with their simple yet home-like little parlor, and two bed* rooms leading out of it, and with their meals served to them there, it was very much like a home of their own. " It is just as nice as can be, and I am happy as a queen," Star declared, over and over again ; but he often looked troubled when he Baw how thin ber cheeks were growing, noticed her oft repeated but quickly suppressed sighs, and that " haunting sad- ness" in her eyes. They lived in a very quiet way, never going out except for a quiet walk, or to the little church mar by on Sunday, and never met or heard anything of Mr. Richards or his family. Star had read that advertisement relating to her* self, and it had caused her bitter pain, for it brought all her suffering so freshly to her mind ; but she had not the least faith that Lord Carrol could say anything which could justify himself in her mind ; she) felt that he only desired to cheat her still further with honeyed words, and so payed no heed to it, Mr. Rosevelt also saw it, and wondered if she had read it ; but she gave no sign, and he never mentioned that name to her- it was a topic which tbey avoided by tacit consent. Once during the year, when speaking of what ehe should do as soon BB she graduated, she said Bhs bad decided to apply for a situation as teacher ia the city-she had concluded to remain in America in- stead of returning to England, as she had at first planned to do. He did not ask her why ; he understood what lie meant-she wished the sea to rell between her and the man who had so ruined her life; and perhaps, he thought with a very tender feeling in his heart, ehe wanted to stay with him, Thus the year sped round, and brought with its revolution another commencement day for Star. " Uucle Jacob, you are coming to-day to see me graduate, are you not ?" ehe asked that morning, as she poured his coffee for him, and looking up into his face with more eagerness than he had seen her manifest since her trouble. " Of course I shall ; I would not miss it for any- thing. Then you have really passed your final ex« amination, and are going to receive your diploma 1" he said, bending a look of pride on her. "Indeed I have ; you did not suppose I woulàfiul did you, if I really set about it ?" she asked, with a little accent of scorn on the disagreeable word, £ " I did not know, dear ; I was confident that you would do your best ; but you told me you were only received upon conditions, and I sometimes feared the work might be too hard for you." "I should not have begged to be allowed to enter the senior class if I had not felt confident that I could do justice to myself," Star answered, quietly, as she buttered her roll. "I considered the matter thoroughly before I applied. I had already read al- most as far in Latin as the whole course demanded, and my French, tbankB to papa'a care, was nearly equal in pronunciation to monsieur's own, The re- view of some of the studies of the junior class, with which I was not familar, and the tretming for teach* ing were all that was very hard for me." She spoke lightly, but he well knew that she bad labored unremittingly upon those reviews, and that she had spent many extra hours with one af the 'critic' teachers, who had kindly offered to assist her, in order that she might be up to the mark in the practice of ' model school teaching.' Thne she had persevered and overcome every ob« etacle until the goal was reached, and to-day she would receive her diploma. And so Uncle Jacob had gone to the great chapel with other interested friends, and watched the dear girl with glistening eyes, while she so creditably per* formed the part assigned to her, feeling that she waa an honor to her class, and in his eyes, at least, the gem of them all. That evening there was to be a grand reunion in a commodious hall near by, where graduates of pre* vious years were to meet the senior class of to-day, to offer their congratulations on their success, and their good wishes for the future career. Star had no fine clothes in which to make a show of herself, and was obliged to go elad in the same simple lace bunting that ehe had worn during the day ; but she gave herself an air of elegance by sub* stitutlng some bright flowers for the knots of blae ribbon, and excitement lending a rich color to ber cheeks and light to her eyes, no one thought of criti- cising her garments, Jacob Rosevelt, too dressed in a full new suit of handsome broadcloth, with satin neck-tie and light kid gloves, did not look much like the bent, shabby old man, who had arrived dusty and travel-stainsd at Mr. Richards' mansion a little less than a year ago. " Where did you get it, Uncle Jacob P" Star ex» claimed, as hg came forth from his chamber, and asked her, it she thought he'd do. He Bmiled mysteriously, then said : " I told you that I was not quite a beggar, dear, when I left my niece Ellen's inhospitable roof, and so I've been saving up for this occasion, in order that I might do honor to you." " You are just as fine as you can be," Star said, delightedly, as she went round and round him to .examine the material and fashion of his new gar* meats, "and Ido not believe anyone will be more proud of her escort to-night than I shall be, and yet," she thought, "Uncle Jacob muet have been very saving indeed, to have been able to buy such an expensive suit." His eyes glowed with pleasure at her words, but when they entered the brilliantly lighted hall, and he saw the elegant 'toilets of some of the yonng ladies, he could not help regarding her with some- thing of regret, although very many admiring eyes were fixed upon the arm of the stately gray-haired gentleman, as they went forward to pay their respects to President Hunter, and his corps of assistants. " Miss Gladstone, I have a friend who desires to be presented to yon," said one of Star's teachers, seek- ing her oat later in the evening. She led her toward a lady who WBB standing a little spart from tbem, and who appeared to be three or four years Star's senior, and introduced her as Misa Meredith. /It was the visitor who had inquired so particularly regarding our heroine during the graduating exer xises, She was drawn toward her at once, and they were soon chatting as socially es if they had been ac- quaintances of long standing. While thus engaged, a gentleman approached them, greeting both young ladies in the most cordial manner. " I was hoping that you two would meet to-night," he aaid, bestowing a Bmiling face upon tbem both. " Miss Meredith is a graduate of two years ago, MÍES Gladstone, and I am sure you will find her a' con- genial pirit." "Thank you, Mr. Appleton," Miss Meredith re- sponded, brightly, " but you should have put it the other way, for I have been very impatient to meet Miss Gladstone, I singled her out from her claes to-day, and felt sure that we should be en rapport, as the spiritualists say, if we could only become acquainted." " Well, I think it does not matter much which way you put it now that you know each other," the gentleman, returned, smilingly, then turning to Star, lie added: "So my young friend, you have really ' run the race, and finished the course,' and now do you re »member the promise which you made me several months ago ?" Star flushed vividly at this question. (To be continued.) 