^"SPIRITISM." Mr C, ;E.< Jones 5 delivered -a...-lectureiat the, Mechanics'; Iustituto last, evening,1 .on "Spiritism,'.' to a very large and attentive audieucc; Ho dealt with His subject in an able :iond' eloquent rraanner,-analysing the alleged phenomena'iafctaohiug. toTifc -search* ingly, and condemning the. whole business as a gigantic. fraud; in the most treuchaut language. He related the particulars of his first interview with a medium, which happened in London. He went with two friends, who were believers. He stated "candidly that he was sceptical, and the medium, after an alleged interview with the Archauigcl Michael,'conducted by thrumming a tambourine, replied that he was forbidden to join the circle. ■ He offered to sit in : a corner away from the table, but from whence he could see under it, but again the arch* angel^- (jis ; represented by the medium) interfered and,Jorbad^a .seance whilst he (Mr Jones), remained in the. house. . That medium,had told him that Jesus Christ instructed him in the healing powers of herbs as medicines, and when to safely lend money at big.interest, on shaky securities. •The' fellow was the most contemptible looking,: perhaps, of the crowd who composed the spiritists he had met with, and who were nothing: better, physically or men* tally,' \ than- the rag.tag-^and ■ bobtail of ordiuary, ;fortuno , tollers. Was that tho class : of people to induce men to abandon their God-given - reason and senses, aud 'surrender . themselves to be guided by the mystic rites and magic incantations of other men t Tho lecturor here introduced ,the. name of Edison who had risen from being a newsbo3f at a railway station to be a telegraph operator, an experimenter with chemicals, and finally, with the aid of the Western Telegraph Co., whose directors recognised his genius, the greatest discoverer of the present age. The magician of Menlo Park had invented the telephoue, the microphitie (an improvement on the first-named), the phonograph or sound-writer (which would receive the human voice iu song, speech, or sermon, on tinfoil, and reproduce it evcu 20 years , afterwards) and ■ tho wonderful uses of electricity for light, heat, and motive power. Not all tho spiritists in tho world could claim to havo accomplished one tithe of tho forty-millionth part of the almost I incredible work achieved by that one soldier | of science. Leading the subject to the origin of spiritism, Mr Jones related tho strange I Tappings heard in a house in Rochester, New York, tenanted by a family named Fox, some =36 years ago, and the explanation given by them that the rapping.vwere caused by the spirit of a-mari who hadbecn mur dered in the house. Some bones were found I by digging under' the floor, and although a I medical man stated they were a sheep's, they wore regarded as those of the murdered pedlar, the trifling fact of his-subsequently appearing in the flesh showing that even spirits occasionally told lies. He gave an; -instance of ■ a 'friend of his in Ballarat, whoso brother spoke to him from spirit-land. Ho doubted' the fact, and to I teat the spirit asked it to reveal something known only to the two of them. He received the answer"You stole apples from father." Ho asked where, and the spirit replied : "In London." - lie told the spirit j it was a liar, because he had never been in London in his life, and the spirit retorted, " But yon know I always was a thundering liar f' Mr Jones then referred to tho Cock i Laue Ghost—tho rappings of which had so disturbed Dr. Samuel Johnson and others in , the last century, and the authors of which I were found out and punished; and other | similar seeming marvels which had been explained away. The lecturer then detailed the various manifestations of the Fox family and gave various instances of | spiritual phenomena, explaining them in I a concise and lucid manner. Materialisation, dematcrialisation, levitation,and other forms assumed by it were dealt with, and the I petty twaddle that emanated from the " spirits," couched usually in tho safest and vaguost language, afforded the lecturer many opportunities of displaying his humor and exciting the merriment of the audience. He expatiated on 'the vast results which had accrued from the atudy of science, and depicted in eloquent language the safety of absolute reliance in the truths of science and the visiblo proofs of the uuiverse, and the rashness and folly of seekiug invisible means of enlighfcenmeut, or accepting, as spiritual revelations, the pretended messages rapped to mediums through tables, aud purporting to come from tho world beyond the grave. A statement of Mrs Emma Hardingo Britten, a Spiritist lecturess j who recently visited this colony, was amusingly refuted. She said that Chi* cage, a- city in the Uuitcd States, was supplied with very bad water : until an angel instructed a medium to visit a certain spot, where he at once discovered an artesian well, from whence tho city was thenceforth supplied with pure water. Mr Jones informed his audience that Chioago wa3 situated, on the shores of Lake | Michigan, from whieh its water supply was obtained by pumping apparatus and elevated pipes ; and remarked thab:an artesian will could not usually be found' at the surface, expensive machinery I aud extensive capital being generally re* I quired to sink a bore down to the water | level. Ho concluded by pointing out that one way had been marked out for mankind by God—the path of duty in which wo were to labor unceasingly. Each man, according to his vocation, would develope and improve j his work in its execution, and advance it | for ,the benefit of the following generation, the man in the mine, as well as the scientist in the laboratory, aiding in the progress of the world's en lightenment. He contrasted with that view the picture of maukind sitting together, year after year, in dark or light circles, with clasped hands, waiting for spiritual advice, until muscles grew flaccid and brains dead ened, and those who survived the ordeal turned with reverence to the gorilla as the best remaining semblance of manhood and common sense. Mr Jones, who was loudly applauded on resuming his seat, will leave this morning for Castleraaine in continuance of his present tour of Victoria. 