OUTWITTING THE BRIGANDS. It was on such a morning as we fog nurtured islanders seldom witness at home, that I stood upon the deck of the good steamer Coumoundouros, watching the nearing shores of the Piraaus, which, as all the world knows or should know, is the porFof the classic city of Athens. The beautiful unclouded sky; the .bright outline of the sun-bathed coast; the air' laden with the scent of' the distant Hy mettus; the far eminence' with the grand old Acropolis standing out white and bold in the clear , atmosphere ; and close at hand the mouldering tomb of Themistocles—all combined to arouse such poetic fancies in my mind that I forgot for the moment the prosaic busi ness upon which I had come.: The screaming engine of the busy little rail way which carries the traveller from the Piraus to Athens, soon reminded me, however, that I was accredited with ; a mission from a London Greek firm to their friends in the Attic city ; and I was soon whirling over the sacred ground Where History gives to every rood a page ! We passed the monuments of ; those doughty champions of the War of Ihde : pence, Karaiskakis and Miaulis, and many other objects of interest; and after a ride of three or four miles, I found myself at my destination. After the first few days. I certainly had a very pleasant time of it, the few hours' work each day acting only as a stimulus to my varied pleasures ; and having examined the Acropolis, and' lunched by the fallen pillar of Jupiter, seated myself in the ruins of thePnyx— whence Demosthenes declaimed, and . Pericles evolved his plans—l looked around, like Alexander; for more worlds to conquer. I thereupon consulted my genial but unwashed host Kyrie An tonio Pericles Pappademetracopoulos— who, althongh Plato was to him a text book, and the. sayings of Socrates as familiar as the story of Tommy and Harry to an English schoolboy, : was always as dirty as a sweep—upon the propriety of betaking myself to where The mountains look on Marathon, And Marathon looks on the sea. r For one might as well go to Egypt withont visiting the Pyramids, or to Boms without entering St. Peter’s, as “do” Greece, and leave Marathon unex plored. And when my host tried to dissuade me by assuring me that a Greek gentleman’s ear had been sent a fortnight before by the brigands to his obstinate relatives, to hurry the negotiations for his ransom, it so roused my blood, that I vowed I would go if I returned as close cropped as an English terrier. So away we started—myself and Themis tocles the son of my host, a sallow, un shaven youth, dirtier than his father— mounted on two high-spirited donkeys, out revolvers well primed, and our com missariat well stocked. “ Adios Kyritl" shouted my long named host as we cantered off “ Never fear,” 1 replied, waving my revolver defiantly, and feeling that I should ba greatly disappointed if the rascals did not show themselves, . On we want, enjoying the scenery and holding a hybrid conversation—he in broken English, and I in sadly mutilated Greek—until in the excitement of the ride, and the glorious panorama con stantly unfolding itself to our view, I ■entirely forgot that there were such beings as brigands in existence. « Now," said I to Themistocles, after a ride of some hours, during which my appetite had become unpleasantly sharp ened, “ let us look about for a spot where can bivouac in comfort.” We soon found a delightful place sheltered all round, save where, through a small opening, we obtained a view of a charming landscape. Dismounting, and allowing our animals to refresh themselves on the grass, we soon made havoc of the good things we had brought. I was lying upon my back smoking a cigarette after the meal, gazing dreamily at the blue firmament; and being too lazy to rise, had called upon Themis tocles to pass the bottle. “ Has the fellow gone to sleep thought I, still indisposed to turn my. head. “Themistocles.” - But Themistocles beard me not;' and when I raised myself upon my elbow, I saw him standing, as if struck dumb and motionless with fear, staring upon the opening. Instinctively I leaped up and clutched my revolver; but before I took a step the cause of Themistocles’. fear became apparent; and. three shaggy forms behind three blunderbusses aimed direct at me made me,fully ;aware that I was in the presence of those scourges of Greece, the Brigands!. But oh I what; a metamorphosis 1 Where-were the natty green jackets ydth silver buttons, and plumed hats, and the tout ensemble oi the, brigands of my youth, of the operas ! and the . picture-books ? Three ragged, disreputable-looking figures,' clad in greasy sheep-skins and dirty clothes, unkempt, unshaven, took the place of those .tinselled heroes, and with stern gestures and • muttered threats, ordered us to follow them. My first thought was resistance ; but when I showed the slightest signs, the three bell-mouthed' musket.s were hent towards me ; and I. felt that the odds were too mauy; and,' determining to await events, grimly submitted to be led down the mountain by our unsavoury guides. \- At last, after winding through ravines! and . hollows, . across glens and . over mountain paths, innumerable, this'most unpleasant journey ended by our guides calling a halt as we gained the summit , of an eminence surrounded by trees and tall rocks, forming an extraordinary natural fortress.. - Beneath pur feet, in a deep ravine, with seemingly but one out-, let, and excellently sheltered by. over hanging foliage, was-thecamp of the bri gands, and here we found the rest of the shaggy ruffians—with - the exception of one who stood sentinel—enjoying their -siesta with indolent content; ~ : . ’■ A : . shrill' wlMtle'‘«oo*rTbronght "the. rascals to their feet; and rushing up to meet ns, they displayed a dozen of as unfavourable specimens: of. the human race as could .well be found. Seizing our asses by the bridles, they , relieved pur captors, and led us down the ravine; and having roughly assisted us to dis mount, brought u's into the - presence of the'chief of the band. ' : “ Bravo, lads |> excellent, excellent 1" he "shouted, as his sparkling' eyes bent ■upon ns ih delight; and after a cursory examination, we-were conducted, amid the excited gesticulations of the brigands, and without undue ceremony,into a dark cavern ■within the ravine. “ Shiver my maintops!" exclaimed a : voice, as I groped my, way in:they might give us sea room, the vagabonds, and not land us in this lubberly ; creek; and now they are shoving more .craft in to anchor!” :i> ' •' ‘‘ Haul in, Jack, old chum 1”. answered another; ; “ We must make the best of a bad job, mate.” To say that my heart leaped to my mouth at hearihg such unexpected words and finding myself in the .company of my ; own countrymen,, would no more; than describe the cheering sensation that thrilled through me. : “ What cheer, mates?” I cried in the darkness. Answering exclamations of astonishment greeted my words; and in a few minutes our stories were told, and I learnt that my new-found friends were the captain and supercargo of a ship then lying in the port of the Piraeus, who, seeking a like object, had met with a similar fate to my own. “And now,” said Captain Jack Jen kins, “how are. we to get put of this scrape? . If I had Tim, and- Joe and black Tom, each with a cutlass and barking-imn here, we’d soon : make a passage, Td warrant!” . . • “ That’s all very well,” said Will'John son, the supercargo; ‘.‘but we- haven’t. If I’d but the opportunity given me, I’d guarantee”— ; Whatever, the supercargo was about to say was cut short by the advent. of two shock-heads at the little .opening of our prison,. and two harsh voices calling ua _as my guide Themistooles informed ns—to partake of a feast; for we learned afterwards that the chief, in commemo ration of having made such a good haul,: had decided to allow us, his prisoners, to partake of the general festivity. But, as a preliminary, we had to undergo ah examination as to our capability of pay ing the anticipated ransoms. - Firstj we were relieved of our watches and rings, the Captain using language rather strong for. translation to these pages, to the great amusement of his tormentors, who, with similar gesticulations to his, en deavoured to imitate the sound of the Captain’s words, which of coarse only added to his wrath and their hilarity. - “You uncombed, dirty-faced vaga bonds 1” he shouted, “ if X had a few Of you aboard the Annie Martin, I’d twist your ugly heads over the yard-arm in the twinkling of a jifiy !”■ Of course they only laughed the louder at his impotent rage; and I thought it quite as well, that they did not understand the language in which he gave it vent. • The operation of stripping us of our valuables gave me an opportunity to ob serve the appearance of my companions. Captain Jenkins was the beau ideal of an English seaman. In-age about 30, of ..a large and robust build, "a face broad, manly, and bearded, and. limbs such as would delight a sculptor to copy. His height was nearly six feet, and he had an air of command about him which was doubtless bred of his occupation. The supercargo, Will Johnson, was perhaps 10 years younger, nearly as tall as his friend, strong and active; and take us altogether—for I am of no mean stature myself—we were three men who, under any circumstances, would-be no disgrace to our country; and if any opportunity should arise for an attempt at an escape, I felt certain'that we should give as good an account of ourselves as . any scratch three, here or there. Having satisfied themselves of the value of my late father’s watch, which I parted from with soma emotion, and of the intrinsic worth of the Captain’s gold chronometer, as well as the supercargo’s watch and diamond ring, we were inter rogated through Themistocles, as to our means. For myself, the name of the firm I was travelling for acted with a talismanic effect upon them, and' I was immediately my protestations—-at,, three hundred pounds. At this price, too, the Captain’s freedom was valued; whilst the unfor tunate snpereargo-r-whose business they persisted in oonfornding with that of owner of the cargo and ship—was unani mously voted to be worth twice our ran som. Having arranged this matter to their own satisfaction, if not to ours, we were told to sit down and enjoy our selves with what appetite we could muster. The smell of therdast lamb- and the freshly baked meal cakes, however, soon aroused -pleasanter sensations, . and dimmed for a time the memory of our griefs ; more especally as, under, the apparent certaintyo: obtaining his booty, the chief cohdesoenled to be quite pat ronising towards us, carving the joints himself for ns, and delicately handjng oh the poih t of a dagger our several por tions. After .wo had satisEed our hunger with the more solid viands, we were regaled with dried fruits as dessert; and a large jar of a peculiar sherry-coloured but bad-tasting jwirie, of a resinous flavour—which Themistocles described as the common wine of the country—, was brought in and set down in the midst of us. This we told them we could not -drink'; .and the chief very generously ordered us-a cduple' of bottles from bis own particular store/doubtless the proceeds of a raid ; upon some well to-do'householder. .' Will Johnson after a time managed to: ingratiate himself in the favour of our shaggy host and his friends by bis genial happy manner and frank bearing,. favouring the r company with many re marks; which, translated s>y Themis tocles, evidently pleased them. When, too, by .sleight-of-hand—in which he. was an adept—he performed ■ some simple tricks, :and gave them a music hall song with a rollicking chorus, and wound up with a hornpipe accompanied by the captain with a pocket-comb and a piece of paper, the general enthu siasm knew . no bounds, and the beetle-browed vagabonds till the tears rolled down their cheeks. Will now become on such excellent ; Jtflrros with them alk that ha to take some, freedoms, with them; aha'; when he snatched the horn from the cup-bearer, ahdlnstalled himself in that official’s place, ladling' the ‘ wine out of the,wide-mouthed jar, and- handing it; round to the company, his' triumph was complete, r ,jo . .7 ’' “ For heaven’s sake I” said he as he passed us, “ don’t take any of .this stuff,-, and don’t drink much of your own.” .“Never fear,”‘said Jenkins, making a* wry face; “ one taste is sufficient.” ' • : • And so Will went round,with-the cup, making a comical remark-to this one, and a grimace,at that, -until the chief— evidently fearing from their hilarity that •they were taking too much—-ordered : them to'desist from drinking, and return to their several duties." ~ \- Meanwhile' r we were sent back into our dungeon; with a sentinel stationed at the. opening. : “Not a word,” whispered Will; as we settled' down’-in our prison.—“ Here’s something, Captain," he oontined, r “ that belongs to you."/ . : . \ . ■ . “ Why," said the captain in reply, as Will handed him the article mentioned, “ this is a stopper' out ’Of my medicine chest." - •’ “ To. be -sure/ it-:is, Jack,'returned Will; “and I must apologise/for the. liberty of taking your laudanum phial; but my confounded back-tooth was so painful on board the : ship last, night, -that T got : up and took it, and luckily forgot .to ■ return' it this morning, Yon must debit ms with the bottle landdis contents, for I dropped them both into the vagabonds’ wine-jar.” “What!”.- we all- exclaimed in a breath. - . “ Now, stop your clappers 1” continued the.-supercargo; Jack, -you know I’m not bad at sleight-of-hand tricks. ' Well, in the-first place, having contrived to secrete the bottle while the blackguards were relieving me of my valaabfes, and then having attained - the- position of waiter, what was easier . than to wriggle the bottle down. my. sleeve, whip out the stopper, and drop the lot into their swipes; giving the bottle a crack and stirring the laudanum up, every time I dipped the horn into it!’’ “ Bravo, Will!” cried the Captain, seizing his hand and giving it a hearty shake...“ If that’s the case, we’re safe; for'the black-faced rascals- won’t wake np for:a dozen hours I’ll be bound. There! our guard has dropped off already !'.’ And sure enough, the drowsy ruffian had planted himself right' across the opening and wa? was snoring loudly, “Now for 'it!” cried the impetuous Jack Jenkins, rising. • ' “ Hold hard !” said Will, “Let them ■get well off." . V So, settling ourselves • down for half an hour, we talked the matter over. At the end of the time we sent the tremb ling Themistocles to see how things were outside; arid after peeping over the prostrate sentinel he gave us to understand that all were sleeping except three,' and they were retiring to the farther end of the ravine, and would in a minute be out of sight. “ Capital!” said Will, with.suppressed excitement. “Now, each take a pistol and a cutlass from the fellows, and fol low tne.” One after the other we stepped across the sleeping brigand at the-entrance, Will relieving him of his pistol, dirk, and blunderbuss; while the Captain and I stood by ready ,to give him his quietus at the slightest, sign of waking. Then the four of us, gliding like ghosts, assisted ourselves to whatever weapons we could most easily lay hands upon ; and as Themistocles was not of much use for fighting, wo: gave him the bag. containing our valuables— which we found by the side of the sleeping chief —as well ns several' spare pistols to carry. Picking our way without speak ing a word, we advanced towards the open end of the ravine, arid just as we turned round a jutting piece of rock, we saw the three sentinels, seemingly, in earnest-conversation. “ Halt!” whispered Will. " Now for a rush I” 'and each’singling out his man and clutching, his rifle - by the barrel— for we avoided the noise of shooting—we sprang forward. Almost simultaneously, and before ; the enemy had time to observe us, we were upon them, and three rifle stocks descended upon three shock -heads with such force that two of ; .the; fellows, dropped like stones* The stock of my rifle glanced off the hard head of my antago nist and crashed against the rook. With a stifledcry he turned; but in an instant my band was upon bis throat, and the sound died in his gullet; while with • the strength of. desperation I dashed his head against the wall-like rock; and after a : struggle—in which he wounded me with his dagger—he fell •from :riiy_grasp,'apparently lifeless. “Now,” said the captain/“ where are the donkeys ?—Come, Greeky !” ha cried to Themistocles; “ bear a hand;” and looking around, we espied our four animals just as we left them, but with a brigand sitting by them. Here was an unlooked-for : recontre ! He was fully a hundred yards off, and to get at him, we should have to cross a small plateau. - “ Leave him to me,” cried Jenkins, preparing to ruth forward. But under the sdv;ce of supercargo, he stopped. We could have.picked .lun off easily, but dared not for the-noise of the rifles. “Hang it]'! impatiently 'mattered Jenkins, we shall be trapped again after all;" and,' without farther parley, the impetuous fellow started off, running on the tips of his toes, with a drawn cutlass in one hand and a pistol in' the other. Just as he-was within a few yards of the brigand, the latter turned round; and seeing how-'matters stood, made for his rifle, which was leaning against a tree. a. .few'feet off; but a revolver hurled deftly by Will Johnson—for we had all fol lowed—catching him directly in the face, so effectually stopped ‘ his progress, that ha fell stunned to the ground. \- “Ton persist in doing all the work,” said Jenkins as we came up to him. “ But quick, lads ; off we go 1” and in a moment we were on onr asses, and under the guidance of onr Greek companion, ware making with break-neck speed for Athens. IJp hill, down dale, on we went for a-couple of hours without stopping or. meeting a human being; then, just as we were about to cross the summit of a mountain at which we had arrived, . a harmless- looking peasant wished us “ good-day,” and was about to pass on.” “Seize him]" cried Themistocles; Tie’s a scout." ~ \- So -seize- him we did, for- caution’s sake; a¥d as there were ho trees near, we'tied his hands and legs together, and left him begging for mercy. But there was no' mercy, in . us, morel espe cially as Themistocles explained . there was such a-carious and mysterious con nection between the brigands and vil lagers; that it was by no means unlikely —had we allowed him to go free-—he would have hied to the nearest village and roused a swarm of semi-brigands about us. ■■ - -? ■ - : Having-travelled for four hours;-and as our-asses-could scarcely get along'for fatigue, ,we called a halt; and after resting ourselves and/ watering onr ani mals, we continued our journey until, late at night, we reached Athens, where, round'the hospitable board of our host, we soon 1 forgot our troubles. . 