St. James's Gazette.) IN several of the late speeches on political subjects made by the minor members of the Government, strong protests have been made against any legislation as to Ireland which could have for its avowed object or for its necessary consequence the dismemberment of the Empire. Mr. Courtney not long ago told his constituents that, though he did not like the word " never," and did not think sober-minded people ought to use it, and did think that these who did use it might be compared to people whistling in a churchyard to show they did not care for ghosts, still he did see extremely strong objections to conceding independence to Ireland ; one very strong one being that the Irish had not as yet expressed in sufficiently definite terms their fixed determination to have it. Mr. Evelyn Ashley, at Ryde, expressed somewhat similar views. He thought that the Irish ought still to have one or two concessions-in particular an extended franchise, and a system of local government which would in many respects make Home Rule superfluous; and that if they would not be satisfied with that, why, then, if they went on pressing for national independence local interests must give way to imperial interests. Whether he also protested against the use of the word " never" in reference to the independence of Ireland we will not undertake to say ; but, whether he did so or not, the studious moderation of his language had a strong affinity to Mr. Courtney's remark about the man who whistles as he goes for fear of ghosts ; a personage, by the way, who compares favourably with one who would like to whistle if he were not afraid that people would think he did it to show he was not afraid of ghosts as in fact he is. We are all eminently philosophical in these days. It is, as lawyers say, common learning that all language is relative, and that " never " may mean no more than a future time so very long that what comes afterwards is not at present worth thinking about. The late Professor Clifford went so far as to teach that the proposition that two parallel lines will never meet required some modification, and that some other commonly received axioms and postulates were in a similar position. If anyone thinks it right to reprove heedless politicians who say they would never consent to the independence of Ireland for not bearing in mind these considerations, he may enjoy an easy triumph ; but if metaphysics are laid aside, and the word " never " is to be construed in the sense in which alone any reasonable person would use it, we do not think our Radical instructors are quite justified in contending that those who say that Ireland ought never" to be permitted to become an independent nation are like the church- yard whistlers. We, at all events, hold the opinion ridiculed, and attach to it the following plain meaning ; it would be highly satisfactory to know whether Mr. Courtney and Mr. Evelyn Ashley agree with it or not When we say that Ireland ought never" be permitted to become an independent nation, our meaning is that the independence of Ireland would be so intolerable an evil to the United Kingdom that it would be well worth the while of Great Britain, and of that part of the population of Ireland which wishes to maintain the British connection, to resist such a measure by force of arms even though it involved a struggle of many years, heavy taxation, and any required amount of police and judicial severity necessary to prevent persons inclined to rebel from occupying the positions which would enable them to do so with a fair prospect of success. In short, it seems to us that, in order to prevent the independence of Ireland, Great Britain and the part of Ireland favourable to the connection ought to mallee efforts comparable to those made by the Northern States of the Union to prevent secession in 1801-05. We attach a further sense to the word "never" in relation to this subject. It seems to us that to permit the independence of Ireland is an evil far greater than the admission, both in theory and in practice, that the unqualified admiration expressed by so many English people for parliamentary government and popular institutions in general has been and is exaggerated, and that there may be cases in which Governments avowedly imposed by force on those who are governed are to be preferred to popular institutions. It appears to us that, if it should turn out to be true that the majority of the population of Ireland really are opposed to the connection with England, and that they send to Parliament members whose object it is to make parliamentary government in England impossible, and who have the power to effect that object by the abuse of their parliamentary powers, Ireland should be disfranchised either as a whole or to whatever extent might be necessary, and the country should be governed as India is governed justly, firmly, and with a view to the peace and wealth of the inhabitants, but also with a view of preventing the realisation of any aspirations unfavourable to the unity and permanence of the British Empire and, in particular, of the United Kingdom. It is, of course, pleasanter in all sorts of ways to govern a country by the consent and with the co-operation of a large majority of the inhabitants than to govern it against the will of any considerable minority. But the first thing needful to all nations is existence and for the purpose of existing it is sometimes necessary not to argue with those who wish to break a nation up, but to fight with them. It ought besides this to be borne in mind that, if there is reason to fear that a large part of the population of Ireland are at heart the enemies of the United Kingdom and desire its destruction, it is mere folly to treat them as they would be entitled to be treated if they were friends. If there were no question of the dismemberment of the United Kingdom, it might or might not be wise to set up a different system of internal administration from that which at present exists in Ireland, and to extend the franchise ; but to put arms into the hands of one's enemies 01 probable enemies is simple madness. If they are determined to be our enemies, we are foolish indeed if we wish to promote their power and resources. Who in the present state of affairs, would dream of establishing in Ireland Volunteer corps like those which exist in England and Scotland 1 No one in his senses. To-establish county boards and to extend the suffrage is only one short stop less absurd. The one nica sire is to arm the population for civil war, the other to give it the means of arming itself for the same purpose. When Mr. Evelyn Ashley recommends the adoption of the measures he mentions as the last concessions which it is necessary to make before the demands of the Irish for national independence can properly be resisted, he looks to us like a man who under the threat of an invasion by a foreign Power should say : " Before resorting to the brutal measure of military resistance, would it not be well to give in, to the enemy certain provinces which he has long claimed and to which he seems to have one's ."'g-1*'» min iUS0 to dis- mantle certain fortresses in our custody which are highly prison" sentence to three- and which we are perhaps not entitled to hold ? Having thus put ourselves next, we shall be able to resist actual invasion 0' course at a disadvantage, but nevertheless! visit it clear conscience." Singly such advice would be justly the subject of ridicule, as being' actuated by morality run mad ; but is it in the least degree substantially different from that which Mr. Evelyn Ashley and others press upon us with regard to Ireland ? It is remarkable that, for no reason that can be distinctly assigned, Ireland is continually written and spoken of by Radicals as if the whole island were one and indivi- sible, and were in substance a distinct nation from England. Surely this is an absolute fallacy. A North of Ireland Protestant is in all sorts of ways as different from a South of Ireland Catholic as the latter is from a Protestant Englishman. Nor can it be doubted that the first effect of an attempt to establish Ireland was an independent nation would be to light up a civil war between North and South-a civil war of which the issue would be by no means certain of speedy, and of which it would hardly be possible for England under any circumstance to be a neutral spectator. It may be asked what use there is in writing thus, and in particular whether anything is to be gained by dwelling on possibilities which may probably be averted, and which no human being could look upon in any other light than that of awful calamities. Such a course, it may be said, is particularly unwise, when it is borne in mind that the alternative of civil war would be regarded by a large part of the population of this island as an evil even greater than that of the independence of Ireland. The answer to this seems to us to be, that the time has come for speaking as plainly as possible on this subject for though we do not believe that, if the English are really determined to fight, the Nationalist party will ever drive us to it, we do believe most firmly that if they are convinced that the English will not fight they are extremely likely to carry their object by bullying and by pressing an alternative which they do not think will be accepted. The down-hearted, submissive, contrite, penitent tone which will Radicals assume in dealing with this topic may have a kind of superficial resemblance to statesmanlike reserve and prudence ; but it is in truth was impru- dent and as unslatesntuiilike as it would be in a general at the head of his army to keep urging his men not to exaggerate the chances of victory, to remember on all occasion the infinite comfort of sleeping in a whole skin and with unbroken bones, and to consider the probability that a good many of them would turn out upon trial to be a set of cowards. All this might be very true ; but a man who said it on the eve of a battle would be in practice a traitor, whatever he might be in intention. If English people do not now feel and make others understand that the dismemberment of the United Kingdom is not a matter to be argued about, but a matter to be fought for, and that the remote probability of an attempt to bring it about is a justification for any measures against those who wish for it which may be necessary for its prevention, it is quite possible that it will be speedily brought about by a set of accidents, blunders, and compromises and that we may be left to seek each other, "Who would have thought of this A few years ago 1" 