CHAPTER IX. DARKEST BEFORE DAWN. In the excitement and gratification of Miss Tulk's success, I had almost forgotten the locket, and the mysterious man of the race r-nurse, until I was reminded of it one dav bv Mrs. Moss who Had come up to see ner mena, Mrs. Birtles. It was a hot day in March, and I was just putting on a dust coat preparatory to going out after breakfast, when the Jewess came in. ' I should like to have a few words with you before you go, if you please, Mr. Grant,' she said. ' Certainly, Mrs. Moss,' I replied, return ing to the dinner-room. ' You remember that locket ?' she begun. ' Yes.' ' Well, he's been again.' '?To Manuel's. That's Josephson. This time it was a watch, a gold repeater, a real Breguet, very old-fashioned, but oh ! such a beauty. Set round with brilliants and a coat of arms engraved inside the case. I couldn't bring it with me, you know, because the gentle man might come in any moment to redeem it. Not that I think he will, for his sort mostly don't. There was a diamond hoop ring, too, and a bracelet, but they're not so valuable. He got twenty pounds on the lot.' ' Are you sure it's the same man ? ' I asked. 'Oh ! trust Manuel for that. He never forgets a face, if it was ever so.' 'Well, what do you want me to do ?' I said. ' Come round and see it. Perhaps you can make it out. I believe law gentlemen under stand coats of arms, and such like. I don't more don't Manuel.' I promised, and called that very day. Mr. Josephson knew me through his sister-in-law, and took me into a back office. Unlocking a safe he took out the watch, which I saw at Erst sight was a valuable, though an old fashioned one. Having some s'ight knowledge ot the science ot heraldry, 1 examined the arms engraved upon it. So far as I could make out, it was, technically speaking, as follows : — Gules, within a bordure, engrailed or, a lion rampant of the last. Crest, a lion passant or, supporters,, two talbot bounds proper, collored Gules. Motto, ' HumaniiiihilaJenium' and surmounting the escutcheon was an Earl's coronet. I took a note of this, thanked him, and left. I next proceeded to the Public Library, consulted ' Burke,' and there soon found what I wanted. 'Yes, there it was all correct. The ar morial achievement of the noble house of Chetwyne- Talbot, the head of the Catholic houses of England, as Earl Talbot unquestion ably is. Although I can hardly say I was surprised at this, I was undoubtedly somewhat staggered. What connection could poor Miss Tulk have with such a family ? And yet the portrait, this strange man, seeing whom I felt convinced had been the cause of her fright, and who had seen her, and found out her residence. But then again, if he had done so, months had gone by, and he had made no sign. What was this mystery ? I was determined to fathom it. But how ? What business was it of mine ? What right had I to interfere ? Clearly none. If Miss Tulk had a secret, and chose to keep it, it was impertinence on rny part the meddle. And yet with a lawyer's instinctive wish to ferret out things, I longed to get to the botton of it. Ah ! the mystery was solved, and by me, too, sooner than I anticipated. Next morning as I was preparing to leave the house, I was speaking to Miss Tulk at the time, a knock came to the door. Miss Tulk started with a vague presentiment of evil. Joanna went to the door and entered the room, announcing, ' a gentleman to see Miss Tulk. The visitor followed close at her heels, and closing the door as she left it, stood with back to it, gazing at the poor lady with infernal malice. ' So, madam, I have found you ? ' She was as white as a ghost, and stag gered, supporting herself by the mantlepiece. ' Do not leave me, Mr. Grant,' she gasped. ' Mr. Grant, or whatever the devil his name is, will leave you pretty soon if he consults his own interest. That is to say, if he don't want to be chucked out of the window,' he retorted, with a sneer. (To be continued. ) 