iniidoo?.correspondent of the 4iverpool Mercury)by our most eminent anatomiiot are aasromantic..iu .their way,.g.,.anay told by thePsychological Society.. When hardly more ttana lad at Lancaster, the future defender of vivisection was study-: ing for the medical profession, hehad a horror of the ghastly details of the business, which he imagined be could never overcome. He was cured; strange to say, by a fright. .. Having to take some medicine on a windy,night to Lancaster Castle, he had to pasasthrough the room in which lie had tiken'part in diss~ctions. Just as heentered the room with the basket ofnmedieine under his arm, the clouds- awhich hid.-the", moon: 'saddeily~L. artedT a door- ilir m sed an)n ooking up, the future biologist saw whathe thought was an enormous figure n white, with anrm outstretched, look inugdow' ulpon him. Hie turned around tremblisg,1and against ~ae wall opposite stood another: figure in white. He. droppedyhis basket;Land ran. . The patients in Ladiaste'r Castles got. .no` medicine that, night., B.it when he e turnednext day and ,found that 'he ad been- frightened by mortuary sheets, he Vramcd his nerves 'up- so" that lie .was soon collecting' skulls. He made a fine set,Jbutfor along timehe counkLnot get. an Ethiopian skull At last a negro died in Lancastr Cstle, and the young:doctor, got permission ?to have liisia head.- It,'.was again a windy night- when. the operation" ,-'of- i-e anoving ,.the head ..was s'dterminied upon:: But;habited in his long ,cloak, then the fashion, and provided with i?.s bler-bagrthe-comparative- anatomist soon had theliead _afely ?towed away. As heleft the -.room in which the coffin lay,;however, the wind slammed the. door,- caught his cloak, 'and' nearly. threwlhim upon his face. Attempting, to recover himself, he lost his hold et tihag, thehead fell out, rolled::with increasing veldcity 'down a -flight ,of steps, across .ay courtyard, and seittle'd itself uponi the neck, with one eye open and.the.othcshut, -in--aroom .where two women wereseated,and who greeted the ghastly?object with loeid shrieks. The professor. rushed wildly after, it; took no notice of the: women, 'seized the skull, put it in his bag again; 'and' rain fromithe.Catle.. Four or five Cears afterwaridshe was attending to a lying woman, who called loudly for a clergy= mai, to Whom she had somethipg to tell. The doctor. beggidher to tell him, as io clergyman was near,enough tb be called intime.. At length she spoke. /O_ h siirTIi-h-adi hsbaiie ,-who w- s a negro, and, I fear, a bat man. He died, sir, in, Lancaster, Castle; and,; oh 1 sirt was standing one ,day: inT theorooi whenii'yOhulls'band's head came out of the floor, and seemed to ask me to-help him. And therinisir, the devil came through the. door, asnatched up the head,f putit i a bag, and disappeared before I could do anything, and 1 have. neverdone anything. Ohs air wha't eda. I do for amy poor husbaiid'i soul." 