A CHOST STORY TOLD TO THE QUEEN. wniTEIUU, PEYIEW.l Shortly before I'rinco Albert's death tho convena- tlou at II luilsor Castle turned on tho appearance o ghosts. Tho Marchioness of Ely narrated to tho Queen what was thon known of this extraordinary story. Tho Queen ropllod that she "did not bolieve in such things," but desired that tho storr should " not be mentioned before the Prince, as," said her Majesty, " ho bolloves in these things." At that timo wo had not the Itcv. Charles Date's corroboration of the story. " Tho narrative, " says tho writer, "derives its valuo from its implicit truth. Tho testimonies aro unim peachable, and the long dlspntod fact Is, In my opi nion, proved that impalpable spirits not only appear, but cau exert vory groat force and elso possess weight and voice. This, as I havo hinted, goes to prove tho possibility of thoso ovil spirits called up by tho table- turners exercising force and power," The writor Is a rector and rural dean In tho lata Established Church ot Ireland, and a J.P. for two counties. Abont the middlo of tho oighteonth century thoro lived at Loftus Hall, in the County of Wax ford, Charles Tottenham, a member of the Irish I Parliament, nsnally known as " Tottenham and liis Boots," on acconnt of a cclobrateil rido which ho took from Tottenham Green to Dnblin at tho time when it was debated in tho House whether the /sum of £30,000, the overplus of Irish taxa tion, should ho rolaincd lor tho bonofit of tho IriaU nation or sent as a gift to the English Trea sury, Tottenham was ill and in bed when tho news reachod him. Ho immediately rose, and ordoring his horso to bo saddled at once, set out Oil his mcmorablo journey — SG Irish miles, " .'He arrived at tho Parliament House, muddy and travel stained, just before the question was put ; but, boing in undress, the usher at first re fused him admission, as an order had been made that ovory member should attend in full drc3s or forfeit £300. Tho Speaker, however, ruled that, as a member, ho had a. right to enter, but was liable to tho penalty. Accordingly ho camo in just as ho was, with his whip in his hand and his long, heavy riding boots, and gave tho casting vote in favor of his country, thoreby rotaining tho €30,000 for Us use. He at onco beearao im mensely popular, His picture was painted and engraved, in his riding dross and largo cumbrous boots, and widely circulated. Hence he had the liamo which in the family still cleaves to him— y Tottenham and his Boots." nis second son, Charles Tottenham, had two daughters, Elizabeth and Anne, to the latter of whom my talc relates. He camo to livo at Loflus . Hull, tho old baronial resiclenco of tho Loftus . family, with his second wife and tho two daughters of his first wife— the Hon. Anno Loftus and Elizabeth. Loflus Hall was an old rambling mansion, with llo pretcu3ion to beauty; passages that led no- tvhoro ; large dreary ro jtns, small closets, various \- unmcauing nooks and corners, panelled or wain- ecoltcd walls, and a tapestry chamber. Tho County Wexford, wii'n conquered by Strongbow, in 1172, was divided among his hardy . followers. The strongholds erected by thorn to securo their prey still impart a peculiar character ; to tho southern portion— a largo squaro castle or keep, with a bawn attached, to preserve their cattle at night. Tho portion obtained by one of theso soldiers, Do Raymond, upon which Lof tus Hall was afterwards built, was a low, flat peninsular of limcstono, stretching out into tho Atlantic Ocean, and upon which its long and mighty waTcs heat with awful magnificence in a storm ; it was forfeited by Do Raymond, after the rebellion of 1641, and became the property of the Tottenham family. It is so separated and cutoff from all communication with tho outer world (hat a fccliug of loneliness and utter desolation fixes itself on tho minds of all who remain long enough to wear off the impression of its strango novelty. Hero resided, as I have said, at the time my "owortruo tale," commences, Charles Totten ham, his second wlfo and his daughter Anne ; Elizabeth, his elder daughter, having been mar ried. The father was a cold, austere man ; the stepmother, such as that unaminblo relation is generally represented to be. What and how groat tho state of lonoly solitndo and depression of miud of poor Anne must have been in such a placo, without neighbors or any home sympathies, may easily be imagined. Ono wet and stormy night, as they sat in the large drawing-room— thoso three— in days when litorature was almost unknown, fancy work, be yond samplers and their rudo decorations, un- t bought of, and the thousand knicknacks, incon- tivos to modern ladies' work, yet dormant in tho ' womb of time— they woro startled by a loud knooking at the outer gate, a most surprisingand : unusual occurrence. Presently tho servant an nounced that a young gentloman on horseback was there requesting lodging and shelter for the ' night. Ho had lost his way, his horso was uBcd up, and he had bocn guided by the only light which he had seen from their window. Now, if Dr. Johnson's saying he true, that "Hospitality . is the virtue of an uncivilised country," here was . a claim which could not be refused. There was not anolbor rofugo to bo found, while tho sound of the mighty waves fell heavily upon the rocks beneath tile house. Tho stranger was admitted and refreshed, and proved himself to bo a most agreeable companion and a finished gentleman — too agreeable far for tholonosciou of the House . of Tottenham, for a sad and mournful tzrlc fol lows, aud one whoso strango results have not teased to the present day. Much mystery has involved the story at the present point, and, in truth, tho matter was kept in such silence and obscurity that bnt for the nets of Ucr who was chief sufTcror in it through several generations nothing would now ba known : cvoryonc had long passed away who could throw light upon it, and, when the strango facts . and circumstanoes occurred which led tho nriter ofthis to inquire concerning her, much difficulty was experienced in tracing buck her sad history. .The fact, I boliovo, was— that which was most natural under the circumstauces— that this lonely girl formed a strong attachmont to tho gallant youth chance had brought to her door, which was . warmly returned. Tho father, as was his stern nature, was obdurate ;.and tho mother no solace to her, for she was a stopmother. It is only an instanco of tho refrain of tho old ballad, " Ho loved aud he rodo away." He had youth and friomls i and stirring scones to minglo in, and soon forgot his passing attachmont, while poor Anno's reason gave way— she had but unsympathisiu" parents, harsh and cold— and then the moaning ol tho lonely sea was tho only accompaniment of her . deep melancholy. The fact is bnt too true, she became a confirmed maniac, and had to bo confined for tho rest of her lifo in that tapestried chamber before mentioned, and in which room she died. A wild logend was at onco invented to account for this sad calamity —a legend which held its placo for very many years, as will be shown presently by an extract from a lottcr of tho parish priest, dated Stk February, I3GS. The legend ran that tho strange horseman provod suoh an agrccablo acquisition tint ho was invited to remain some days, and made himself quite at home, audas they woronowfourinnumher, whist was proposed in the evenings. The stran- gor, however, with Anne as his partner, invari ably won every point ; tho old couple novel' had tho smallest success. Ono night, while poor Anne was in great dolight at winning so con stantly,. she dropped a ring on tho floor, and, suddenly diving under tho table to recover it, was horrified to sco that her agreeable partner liad an unmistakable cloven foot. Her screams caused him to bc awaro.. of the discovery, whon at once he vanished in a thunderclap, leaving a brimstone smell behind him 1 The poor girl never recovered from the Bhock, lapsing from ono fit into another, and was carried to the tapestry room, from which Bhe never again car>rt1'' attc' wJlcro "he shortly aftor died, ibis story of his Satanic Majesty got abroad, and many talcs woro told of how ho continued to visit and disturb tho house. Tho noises, tho ap paritions and disturbances ivcro innumerable, and greatly distressed and terrified old Charlos Tot tenham, his wifo and servants. I now givo a portion of the letter of the re verend gentleman before alluded to, which ho kindly sent mo in reply to my inquiries on the subject. Ho says : — "The proofs given in your letter attest tho pre sence of somo spirit, but in my mind not con clusive that it was the young lady's. This brings to my mind tho traditions of tho Ilall, in tho locality of which I have lived for upwards of twenty yoars. I rcmombcr conversing with one of tho oldest retainers of the family, and Bhe described that room in the house as being unused. I made further inquiries, but sho could not tclt how the follow with tho cloven foot arrived tiicro — but that ho was there, and gavo great annoy- anco to tho Hall family, so that they determined to call in the services of the parish priest, of the namo of Broders, who lived in the neighborhood about 100 years ago. Ho, it is said, used all the exorcisms of tho Church against hini, and after this his operations wore confined to a certain room— tho tapestry chamber. This I have heard from many, but particularly from an old woman in Haggard, who was 10G or 108 yoars old whon she diod, olio well recollected tho priest above alluded to, and that tho Tottenham family were ovor aftor very kind to him to the day of his death, and afterwards wcro so to tho members of his fnmily as long ns bis good services woro re membered. This Intter part I know to bo true, and tho former I liavo no reason to doubt." Here then wo liavo traced from the date of the unhappy girl's niisfortuno that tho house was dis turbed by soinotliing supernatural ; that the head of tho family sought the aid of the Rev. Mr. Bro ders, the parish priest, to abate it, and further that the tapestry room was the scone of theso visitations. But the matter was kept dark, all reference to poor Anno was avoided, and tho boliof allowed to go abroad that it was Satan liimBolf who dis turbed the peace of tho family. Tho sad story of tho poor girl was too painful, the treatmont (most likely) of hor by the unfeeling parents too harsh, aud thoy woro ready to turn aside tho ltoen edgo of observation from her fato, proforring rather that it should bo bcliovod that they wcro hauntod by tho Devil, so that tho story of her wrongs should siuk into oblivion and be classed as an old wifo'3 talc of horns and hoofs. But Anne horsolf would not permit this. To this day, through several generations, sho keeps her wrongs ana sorrows alive. The harsh fathor anil stepmother liavo long gone to "tho place appointed for all living." Tho Loftus branch of tiib family are in possession of the Hall. Yot poor Anno has kept her tapestried chambor through alt this lapso of timo by nearly tho same means which compelled her parents to call in tho aid of tho parish priest so long ago. But to my tale. About the close of tho last century my fatlier was invited by Mrs. Tottanham to moot a largo party at the Hall. Ho rode, as was thon the cus tom in Ireland, with his pistol in his holsters. On arriving he found the bouso full, and Mrs. Tottenham apologised to him for being obliged to assign to him the tapestry chamber for tho night, which, however, ho gladly accepted, having never hoard any of tho storie3 connected with it. However, he had hardly covered himsolf in tho bed, wbon suddenly something heavy leaped upon it growling liko a dog. Tho curtains were torn back, and tho bedclothes stripped, from off tho bed ! Supposing that somo of his companions were playing trich-B, he called out that ho would shoot them, and, seizing a pistol, he fired it up the chimney, lest lie should wound ono of them. Ho then struck a light and soarched the room diligently, but found no sign or mark of anyone, aud tho door locked as ho hod loft it on retiring to rest. Next day he informed his host how ho had been annoyed in that room, but they could only say that thoy would not have puthiiuinit if they had had any other to offor him. Years passed on, when tho Marquis of Ely wont to the Hall to pass somo timo there. His vulct, Shannon, was put to sloop in tho tapestry room. In the middle of tho night tho whole family were aroused by his dreadful roars and screeches, and ho was found lying in another room fainting in mortal torror. After somo timo ho told them that soon after he had laid himsolf down in bed ho was startled by tho rattling of tho curtains as they wcro torn back, and looking up ho saw a tall lady by the bedsido dressed in stiff brocaded silk. Ho loaped up aud rushed out of tho room Bcroaming with terror. Then first ho beard from tho old housokceper— Aunty Neal— of Miss Tottenham. Again the room was shut up, and yoars passed on, when I was brought by my father with the rest of tho family to tho Ilall for tho summer bathing. I was attracted by the antiquo look, sombre pictures and quaint character of tho tniics- try room, and at onco chose it for my bedroom, being wholly and utterly ignorant of a particle of tho stories connected with it, or cvou of the fact that Anno Tottenham had ever existed. Tho tapestry represented a hunting. liolJ of old, where gentlemen and Iadie3 with long spears foilowod tho gamo— stags and harts — and tho attendants in the woods roused ont the game and the dogs careered about. IVhen there was a windy night tho tapestry waved, and tho whole scene seemed animated with a heavy kind of life. Many a night I slept poaccfully on poor Anne's bed, finding food for imagination as tho wind moved the figures, which seemed to thrust their spoars as tho dogs gavo chase. One night, however, I sal up much later than usual to finish an interesting article in Blackicood's Magazine. The full moon was shining cloarly in through two Inrgo windows, making all ns clear, so to speak, as day. I was jnst about getting into bed, and happened to bo looking at the door, when, to my great surprise, I saw it open quickly and noiselessly, and as quickly and noiselessly shut again, and the tall figure of a lady in a stiff dress proceeded slowly to pass through tho room towards one of those curious closets, before-mentioned, which was in the opposite corner. I followed hor with my oyes in astonishment until the corner of tho beel hid her from my sight. I rubbed my eyes. I thought of Sir David Brewster's theories, and dcccntio visits. and.ovorythin", except that I really bad seen a woman ; for tho idea of a ghost did not for a moment enter my head. I quickly reasoned myself into a sound sleep and forgot the matter. Tho uoxt night I again sat up Tato in my bed room preparing a gun and ammunition to go to shoot sea birds early noxt morning, when the door again opened and shut in tho samo noiseless manner, and the same tall lody proceeded to cross the room quietly and dciiborately aa before towards the closet. I instantly rushed at her, and threw my right nrm round her figure, exclaiming, "Ha! I have you now ! To my utter astonishment my arm passed through hor nud camo homo with a thud against the hodpost and curtains,, at which spot she then was. Tho figure quickcucd its pace, and as sho passod tho skirt of her dress lapped up agaiU3t the curtains, aud I marked distinctly the pattern of hor gown— a stiff flowarod or bro caded silk. Again I rubbed my oyes, thought upon the vagaries of vision, and soon went to sleep. That I had seen and endeavored to grasp a ghost never camo across my miud ; my pulso was not quick ened ono throb. I fancied I conld mako out some scientific reason for it. Howovor, I- told tho story nt breakfast next morning. My father, who had himself Buffered from the lady's visit so long boforo, novor said a word, and it passed as some folly of mine. So slight was tho impression it mado on md at tho time that, though I slept many a night after in that room, I novor though. of watching or looking ont for anything, and donbtle3s the poor form of ton passed mo in my sloop into her mysterious closet. I afterwards heard that my father had written to a friend, telling him tlmt I also had seen Miss Tottenham in tho tapestry room. Tho years woro on, and once again I was a guest at Loftus Hal|. The Marquis of Ely and his largo family, with a groat retinue of sorvants, filled tho house to overflowing. As I passed tfio house keeper's room I heard tho valet, Shannon, say to her, " What ! I to sleep in tho tapcBtry room I Hover 1 I will leave my lord's servico before I sloop thoro I" At onco my former experience in that room flashed upon my mind. 1 had never thought of it during tho interval, and was still utterly igno rant of Anno Tottenham ; so, when tho house keeper had gone, I onterod tho room and said, " Shannon, do tell mo why you will not sleep in the tapestry room, ob I have a particular reason for asking you the question," Ho looked at me for a moment and then said, " Is it possible that you do not know?" I said, "I really know nothing, but I have a particular reason for ask ing why you will not sleep in that room." Again ho said, " Is it possible that you do not know that Mis3 Tottenham passes through that room every night, and, dressed in a stiff (lowered silk dress, entors the closet in the cornor ?" I replied' that I had never heard a word of her until now, but that, when I was here a few years ago, I saw twice a figure exactly like what ho had described, and passed my arm through her body, and that : tho second time I hod distinctly seen tho flowers on her gown, as from her hasto it had turned up in a triangular lap on my curtain. " Yes," said he, " that was Miss Tottenham, and, as is well known, sho was confined — rnad— in that room and died there, and, thoy say, was buried in .that closot." Upon my visit at that timo the tapostry room was allotted to a marriod couple, and then 1 learned nothing further. Again timo wore on. I had entered my profes sion and was immersed in hard and constant work in tho north of Ireland, and bad too much to do even to think of Antic Tottenham. Another generation arose, another owner pos sessed tho property— the grandson of my friend. In tho year 1858, he, being then a child, came with his mother, tho present dowager Marchio ness of Ely, and his tutor, tho Rev. Mr. Dalo, to tho hall for the bathing season. Mr, Dale was no imaginative person— a solid, steady, highly-odu- catea English clergyman, who lind -never heard the namo oven of Miss Tottenham. The tapestry room was his bed-chamber. Ono day in that year, when autumn was fast fading into winter, I received a letter from Lord Henry Loftus, the unclo of tho young Marquis of Ely, saying 1 Do tell me what it was you saw long ago in tho tapestry chamber, for somothing strange must have happened there to the Rev. Charles Dalo, as he came to breakfast quite mystified. Something very strango must have happened to him in that room, bnt he will not tell us, seems quito norvous, and, in short, is dotermincd to givo up his tutor ship and go at once to England. Evory year something mysterious has happcued to any person who slopt in that room, but they always keap it close. Mr. Deringoy, a Wexford gentleman, slept there a short timo ago. He had a splendid dressing-case, fitted with gold and silver articles, which he left carefully locked on his table at night, and in tho morning found every article scattered about tho room.' Tho dowager marchioness told mo that now Miss Tottenham had " regularly turned thorn out of the house," and orders had been given to con vert tho tapestry chamber into a billiard-room. Upon hearing this, 1 determined to write to tho_ Rov. Charles Dale, then incumkout of a parish near Dover, telling him what had occur red to myself in that room, and that the evi dences of supernatural appearances there woro so strong and continued for several generations that I was_ anxious to put them together, and should consider it a great favor if he would toll mo whether anything had happened to him in that room, and of what nature. Jle then for the first timo mentioned tho msltor, and from his letter now before mo I mako tho following extract : — " For three weoks I experienced no inconven ience from the lady, but one night, just before wo woro to leave, I had sat up lato. It was just one o'clock when I retired to my bedroom (tho tapestry room) ; a very beautiful moonlight night. I locked my door, and saw that the shutters were proporly faatoncd, as I did every night. I had not laid myself down more than five minutes be fore something jumped on tho bed, making a growling noise, and the bedclothes wore pulled off, though I Btrongly resisted tho pull. X im mediately jumped out of hod, lighted my candlo, looked into the closet and under the bed, hut saw nothing." Mr. Dalo goC3 on to say that ho onilcavorcd to account for it in somo such way as I had formerly done, having never up to that time heard ono word of thelady or her doings in Mint room. IIo adds : " I did not seo tho lady or hear any noise but tliegrowling." Mr. Dale had shut tho windows closely, whereas I had them fully open, and a brilliant full moon shining in, as also had Shan non tho valet, who had seen licr many yeare before me. Hore, then, is tho written testimony of a bene ficed English clorgyman, ocoupying the responsible position of tutor to tho young Marquis of Ely, a most sober-miudod and unimpressionablo man. He repeats, in 18G7, almost the very words of my father when detailing hi3 experience in that room in 1790— a man of whoso existence he hail never been cognisant, and was therefore utterly ignorant of his knowledge of Miss Tottenham's doings in that room nearly eighty years bororo. In the autumn of 186S I was again in the local ity, at Dunmorc, tho opposite side of the Watorford ostuary. I went across to see the old place and what alterations Mis3 Tottenham had forced the proprietors to mako in my tapestry chamber. I found that the dark closot into which tho poor lady had always vanished was taken away, tho room enlarged, and two additional windows put io, the old tapestry and its "mimic chase" bad all gono, and u billiard table occupied the space of poor Anno's bed. I took asido tho old housekeeper, who bad bean in those long-post days a sorrant of my father, and who looked upon mo as if I also had been a ghost from tho tomb, and asked hor to tell me how Miss Tottenham bore these changes in nor apartniont. She looked quite frightened and most anxious to avoid tho Ques tion, but at length hurriedly replied, " Oh ! Muster George, don't talk about her : last night she made a horrid noise, knocking the billiard balls about !" I liavo thus traced with strict truth this most real and true talc, lrom Ibo days of "Tottenham and his Boots " to thoso of his great-great-grand son. In considering tho very interesting question whether there is spiritual interference in the affairs of this world, which so very large a num ber of educated people positively assott, and which a greater number us positively contradict, one or two remarks may help to simplify the matter. In the first place, the great preponder ance in tho number of disbelievers is at onco ac counted for by tho fact that by far tho largor proportion of educated aud thinking men— and it is to such alono that I refer— have nover seriously turned their attention to tho subject, and, having never experienced anything of tho kind, deny tho existence of that which not only has nover come to their knowledge or evon been treated by them as a matter of sobor considera tion. The second remark which I make is that, whon.spiritual interference is spoken of, no dis tinction ig made in tho mind, botweon the spiri- . tual interference of angels and that of departed men and woman. Of tho first there can ho no doubt iu the mind oF any Christian. St. Paul expressly tells U3 : " Th cy are sent forth to he ministers unto thorn who shall be heirs of salvation." Also, ub to the opposing influence of evil spirits, St Pauls calls upon Christians to " tako tho whole armor of God," becauso 11 wo wrcstlo against wicked spirits in heavenly places." But the spiritual intcrforouce of departed men and women is quite another question, and very much depends upon the testimony and ex periences of'crcdiblo witnesses. In the talc which I have related not a particle of donbt or distrust can be thrown upon tho testimony of four generations. Loftus Hall has since been wholly rebuilt, a large modern cdifico standing in tho placo of the weird old mansion. I have not heard whether poor Anne Tottenham has condescended to revisit it, or is wholly banished at last. I can only re assert the simple truth of my tale. 