THE SALVATION ARMY. (To the Editor of tIre erald and Advocate.) Sin, - With your kind permission, I would like, through your journal, to give my impressions of thisnmost popular move ment of the day-thoe Salvation Army. Having read something of their history and carefully noted their mode of procedure, I have as'ed myself a few questions. First: Why the Salv tion Army at all ? Is the vast machinery of the church inadequate to the work beforeher ?. I think not. Is the church (and I mean by this the Universal Church of Chr;st,. by whatever name she may be designated) is she doing the work of the Master.as she ought, and might do ? With her ritual and ceremonies, and various forms of government, is she reaching the heart of the masses? The answer forces itself upon us, no. And I hare no hesiti tion in saying that unless she comes out of herself, or some extraordinary and even novel means are used, millions of souls will go to hell. I ask myself,.then, may it not be so? Nay, it is not a .. That Goi, dis satisfied with the past and present aggres sive movements of Ilis church, has raised up this so-calle I Svation Army. Thatby their most novel and to many people objectionaljle'proceedure, they may arrest the attention of the great multitude, whose shadow seldom, if ·'er,. darken the doors of church or chapal. Whether this .is so or no,'ibt is a notable fact that wher ever the army pitch their tent, there the people fl6ck in hundreds or thousands; ard in every place are making their converts, and that, too, from the roughestofnature's sons and du;uhters in many instances. Through this instrumentality thousands have had the Saviour's name sounded in their ears, while very many have. felt the power of Hii love to melt and subdue. their heartsathat would not have 'done, for the" reason the Church has failed, and is failing in a large degree to carry out the Divine command to go. into the highways- and hedges and compelithe people to come in. But again, I ask myself, is their back- bone to stay and sunuportm t.hs work? 'Somel say it will tu)mble down quicker than it has sprung up the answer comes --ii ths is God's work, he will backbone it, and dare I or any one else to say in the face of such overwhelmning evidence, as is fu rdished us in the changed cbaracters and lives of both men and women that this work is anything short of superhulna. Let mus be carefurl not to. attribute the .work of tIle Holy Ghost to the devil, or even excitement. : As to the mode ,f opeiation,I ask my self if judgrniit,?~'Heai-eh,;. hell, and eter nity are realities, and millions of souls are sleeping on the vortei of eternity, need we be shocked at any means, hoevever singular, that may be used to arouse and awaken' I have no doubt the"'Ninerites thought Jonah mad, thrice ma., as he stealked up one stre t and donn another cryiog mightily "Forty days and Ninevah shall be de stroyed." What matter-how we rescue that man from the burning building, if we can only save him. You don't slop to ask the crowd ho, and if you dd they would tell you to hurry on; ,ave the nmnn; never -mind'how-only save himi. My impression then is, the work deserves support. God bless it, in Lamb'in ady ererywhere, is the prayer' of a Cnncuor.x. Sept. 14th, 18S3. 