THE PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. The annual session of the Presbyterian General Assembly was iniiuguiutcd last nig bj the retiring moderatoi the Rev. Dr. Mercer, who took the chun at 7 o clock lill IIHIIUVI MOIIl II lion s SI HMOS The Rev. Dr. Mercer, at the conclusión the c ustomiiry devotional exercises, pi each from 2nd Corinthians, chapter 10 xcrscs i ri -" J or tb ugh wc walk in the llesh we i not war ufterthe llesh (tor tho weapons of o warfare arc not cumul but imtdity tliroui God to the pulling down ot stiongholds costing down imaginations nnd every lui thing that exaltctii itself uguinst the kno' ledge of God, mid bringing into enntivi eveiy thought to the obedience ol christ Ile said that to lay hold of the thoughts iiion and to bring thom under subjection the law of Chnst shoiiltl be then consta desuo and endeavour As good soldiers ? lesus Christ, their grand aim and otto should be to make men Christiana indee ( hristiiius who ure like Christ himself A liinev, all mere argumentation, speculutio and inference on the basis ot philosophy, i ot science, or of criticism, winch exalts i sell ngamst the knowledge ot God, must 1 subverted, or stormed and surmounted Ni philosophy, not science, not criticism then selves-true philosophy, true science, tri criticism, in MI tue ot being true, must stan for evei But all BO called philosophy, whic is vain deceit till science which is falsely E called all criticism which ia mere pednnti sophistry, all that loveth and niaketn a hi every leckless assertion mid baseless coi elusion must be doomed to utter destructioi In the war to which thej were called th dimolition of these was determined 'Iii means of easting them down were providei lhese were not carnal, but they were imdit to accomplish thut for w Inch the) were gi\ ci Culture m itself intellect in itself, was ne an obstacle to Hu access ot divine truth t the soul Men the most cultured and into Icetunl, without prejudice to their iittuu monts or their powers, lind accented th knowledge ol God, and submitted to tb obedience ofchnst Human ware were cm ried on minni) by force or struta"em Hut i tins sacred war they euiplojedno material c earthly loree, no compulsion or persecutio in any oi its foima , nor did they resort t wordl) guile or crooked policy to entrap thos whom they Bought to gum I lie sword of th Spirit was the single Christians Bwort Whatever direct nssuults they might make o hostile strongholds the suiest conquests fo Christ were gained by taking the Spmt weapons 1 o convince the world of sin, o righteousness, and of judgment, that wu the certain way to bring; down its stronu. holds to cast down all its vam imaginings all Its lofty reiiBonings, all its umbitiou spéculations to level with the dust all it pretentious doubts its nnognnt objections t the truth to place the huii-htieat among th cultured of the eui ti i a humble learner, low I) suppliant at the foot ot the Cross o Calvary SUPERANNUATIONS. The Revs. R. Hamilton and R. T. Walker, by unanimous consent, were placed on the emeritus list. MINISTKIUAI OHAXOEH '1 he Clerk of the Assembly (the Rev. Dr. Nish) reported the ministerial changes thu had taken place since the commission ot tilt assembly met last Ma) The Rev. Dr. Mercer, the rctirmt moderatoi, before leaving the chair, wiahcc to cxpicss his thanks tor the manner ii winch he had been trente 1 during the tern ot his model utorslup As fa tis the occu paney ot the chair was concerned he lim liad a ver) pleasant time, and hud not touni the olbeo at all troublesome Hi bud te congratulate them upon one fact, and thai was that to the best of his belief hi lind ed Ulled moro new ministers ti the rc"i8trur "encrai loi the puiposc ol solemnising iiiiirriu_cs during the yeal ot his modiratorslup than hid evei been done before (Hear bein ) lhatwii' a hopeful su n lor the church ni moitwuji thiin one Ho bud now the pleasing duty ol picsciiting for their approval the name ol the latliei ol the church, vv ho was nominated b) the commission of the assembly us the next moderator Ho referred to the Rev. John Gardiner, of QueeiiHcliIl (Cheers) He was with Mr Gardiner foi a number ot }euis in unotliei colon) where they had II good deal of work to do and he could beat testimony to the tact that through all the phases ot that work Mr Gardiner conducted himself not only with the utmost propriety but with tile greatest wisdom He had lind more experience in respect to Mr Gaidmcrs qualilications to lill the chair than perhaps an) other meinbei of the nsscmbl), und he lind |,iLilt pleasure und confidence in bunging forwuid his uimiiuiitioii us model itor \lthiiii-h ho might not have had so ninny opportunities ot doini, good and worl ing so vigorous!) foi the elim eli as si me othcis yet ho had qualifications which would counter balance un) thing that illicit bu considered a defect in that respect (( beers ) 'ihc chair waa then tullen by the Lev John Gardiner Mow-ituoits Ailinn-s Hie Momuvi-il delivered the following address - Krctliren in the Ministrj and Brethren m the 1 Itlcislup -Allow me, not fiimpl) ni accordance vi ith ii time honoured custom oi vv ith u merci) becoming politeness, but us a mullel of stint propriety, to ten 1er to jou my vviiiiucsttlinnks for the high honour done mu in my appointment to the position in which 1 now stund, und to convey to you the ushtiiuncc that, in humble dependence upo i pionnsed aid, I ahull seek to chacharee the duties entrusted to mo with gentleness, with fiunuess jet with Btnct linpartialitj Ii 1 in any measure know myself, there ia not on ni) liait the slightest iippioaeh to the feel ing that I could, by any eliott which I might bo pic tsed to malte nirestundkcop)oiiruttcii tun) tor any length ot time, oi that I could profitably add to jour stores of in formation, bj druwiii- on the lesources of a Boinewhiit lengthened period on the journey ol lite und in tlie solemn work of the lmiiistrj If thcic w uc with me the faintest appro ich to such ii feeling, the hallowed associations of tina place the circumstances ni which wc me assembled, and the momentous issues dependent upon our meetings, would rebuke mid awu mu b tele into buimlit) I may be permitted, howevet, if not on personal )ct on olbeial giounils, to claim the pnvllc-c ol seeking to stir up )our puic minda b) way ot lcmenibiunce und m so doing to add to the nnpiessiveiiess ot the scenes und ciicuinstancen in which we arc now as Bumbled , mid to cimtiibute in howevci Billilli a degii e to the "encrai effectiveness of our successive nuetiiigs. .on have come on this occasion Irom vaiiousilistricts of the gient province ol \ letona and fiom Mined spheres ot luboui and ol lcsponsibibt) oc cupial b) }ou, as umbnssiidors for Christ, in declaring the mensnge that 'God is in Christ leeoncibng the world unto Hunselt, not mi puling then trespasses unto them thus scckiii- to bung suméis Irom duri ness to light tiom sin unto G >d, and to build up billi veis in their most liol) faith In so tai, therefore, us these great inda lune been curried out in vom respective localities, you have abundant lcuaon to ' bleas God ami to take courage I or a season-longer oi shorter, as it mtiv be-)ou have lett your fields ot luboui und vonr much loved homes, that }ou mu) unite in forming the meetings ol the Gencr ii Asscmbl)-meetings for high and liol) puiposes in connexion with that ' Kingdom winch is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost In the respective meetings of this court you will be culled to deal with mattera ol commanding interest-matters pertaining lo the genual welfare of the Church of God, and to the special welfare of the 1 .esbytcnan t hutch of Victoria It is possible-na>, it may be presumed to bo highly probable-that much may be said and suggested as to our standards ol doctrine and of discipline standiuds winch have been bequeathed to us by forcfuthciswho have long been sleeping in the dust, but who, being deni, )ct speak in the most solemn, the most emphatic of w ays 'J he standards of the l'resb) terian Church of \ letona, and of not a lew of tho Presbyterian Churches of the world, ure monumentB of profound scriptural knowledge -monuments winch have successfully withstood the storms and the tempests of ages the rude shocks of in hdelit), the underminings of cold indilTer euee, the sneenngs ot the profnne, the hostile criticism ot professed friends-monu ments, m their own character, and in their hoary antiquity, claiming our unfeigned homage, our watchful tender care Intaili billi) has never been claimed for such standards, never could, either wisely or well, have been claimed Had such a chum ever bien made, it would only havo led to the conclusion that ' th such us mude it reason had reeled,und lunu j had cn tu ed upon atuumphunt reign Ii it can, or if it coull! be shown that there arc in the standards doctrines not to be found in the Word of God, oi doctunes so expicased as to contra diet the Word of God, a necessity mny arise for removing or for altering such misleading statements , but even in such a case, great care must be taken that wo be rot found "handling the word of God deccitfull) ' All attempts ut the altera tioii or modification of standards should be begun und carried on in the constitutional courts of the church, in humble dependence on the wisdom which comoth from above, und in the employment of the frequent, fei vent prayer which nrevudeth much It m not to be doubted that at some one or other of your meetings the subject of missions at home and abroad will bo brought under re view, claiming and receiving earnest atten tion, heartfelt irterust In dealing with such subjects, you may be honoured of dod in devising measures which, when carried into practice, may tend to the more effective means of raising the lapsed masses in our cities, in onr t twos, and viiUgea, and to the moro speedy reclaiming of the vast fields of missionary enterprise-" fiel _ already white unto the harvest. The religious education of the young in wuk day and in Subb BCIK ols, in house linlds und in rliurchi s, li deni mci mid will iiiostussiiicdl) rea ive, ji unwearied )our most devoted attention jon dwell on such n glowing theme light ir arise in the darkness, and m Hie dill liston Mich lijit Hilarious clouds und (lurlenes may pass away, und, in the light ol dod may see light. Civil rulers and clmrd mny thus ''see e)c to cie, and mav wu III harmony in seeking and, if possible, securing, the intellectual themoinl aild t spiritual welfare of all classes and of ¡ places In connexion with the prosperity churches, of schools and ot soctctj in "euer there will in all lil ohhood, be liuscd t question of tin sanctification of the Sabbu -a (lav " mude for man but to ht I ept he unto the I ord-a day of rest from orilinii pursuit!), amusements, pleasures , a da) worship of preparation for the " n that lcmiiiiieth to the people ot God a day to be guurded from ull encrouc ments nncl to bo handed down u touched, unimpaired, to the latest posten! Questions, too, not ot ii strictly spcal i; religious, but still ot grave importance their nature and in their issues will urn making an nppeul to your sjmpathies, pi Bcnting a chum to your effective aid , holding a prominent place among such qui tions may be named the sustentation lui and the cnuse of temperance-the foim having a most important bearing on ti stability und extension of our churelu s ni the Intter hnvin0 n most direct lnlluen on churches and on Bociety Intcmpcran is one oi the foulest biota on our bousti civilisation Beyond all other causea ii temperance leads to the direct commission crimes of every name and character to ti increase of prisons, of lunatic nsjlums, hospit ils, of benevolent institutions , to ti partial, oftentimes complete, destruction households to the destitution the misery to a lnrgc estent, unseen mid unrelieved-i countless thousands, to blighted blasti hopes-to eatl) or untimely dishonouri &rav; es Cases of order and of discipline nu 0 brought up , and st hilo such cases may I justly deemed of ii subordinate clmractc they must ever bo dealt with in accon ance with the laws and usages of the chutcl with a single eye to tho gloiy ot Ood undi the best interests of all parties concerned I all dtscussioiiB cm ned on by such as iii equal in position-if not in learning and i eloquence-there will, of necessity 1 vuricttea ot thought, of expression und i action 'J here may be the marked lndicatioi of a frankness, n manliness, rising above ii minor considerations, und influenced only 1 truth and justice , of an impulsive vvarmtl the result ot deep earnestness, o£ an ui flinching tonucil) of purpose in looking to coi tam goal, of n directness und plainnoí ot speech, making a near upproach f ' sharpness of contention, but, even so, would be wrong in such cases to lush lo th conclusion that tho debates havo been clu ractensed by the marked absence of ii the humility of meekness und of wi' dom, and by the obvious presence of a that might be deemed unbiotherly or ui christian A few llasheB of a fire-fruc c false-there may be , a few traces of sm jki more or less dense, u few mumbling discoi dunt sounds, as of distant thunder, a fe woids unfitly, it may be harshly, spoken but all such indications aro only a kind c mist or of vapour, concealing for a momen: and disturbing tor a moment the noble tiul8l aims, nnd views ot all engaged m th conflict A judgment according to appciu unces is notulwnjs, not csen oltentuncs judgment nccording to tiuth or to righteoui ness I would, however, with ull meeknes und humility, and with all the gravit) c )cars, urge upon all ii ngid abstinence lror. words, from tones, from looks, from frowns from interruptions which mil), and wind nn^lit in any way milly or unfairly, dibturl the pence or iltur the hnimony of nu. meeting Ihe objects contemplated ii au assembly such as this me no mere discussions-mole disphi) of si ii or of dextuity m argument-mere dctci munition to secure victory osei some o mino, no militer at what cost, Hie object to be aimed at, and to be ever kept in view arc the establishment of Scriptutul truth uni of Scriptural holiness the vindication mu the upholding ot law, the doing of all thing' to edification und to the promotion o brotherly love "Whereto -us we find i written-"we have, already attained , let ui walk bj the same rule, let us mind the sim» things, and if m aught ( Isc vic be otlur wise mindeel, let us so walk, and in our se walking God will îevcal even this unto us i o snell as have bceu obscrvin" the time und the seasons-windi havo been pnssm, ovel us and nun), ncvci to return-there wil have been discovered i mtukeel tendency te look upon the ichnion ot lesus- simplj and cxclusivcl)-as one ot the many sys terns of religion, ancient mid modem althougn admittedly holding a hij: place umoiij, Buch s) stems \\\\( ure tolii ol the sjsteni of Confucius-held m high cs teem among the Chinese-ii S)stem cold demi deadening nuts mllueiiccs diuplnjing as it mny be, a few germs of morality touched or untouched ' bj emotion limul heaps ut nibbish Wo aie invited te look lo lliiildhism- a st stem rcinatlable ni its ehumctci in its btrungi glennis ot light in its undefined, its unclclinnblc longings in its floods of tears in its watlings ot sor row , in its utter, absolu te hdplcssiiess as te time and ns to eternitt \\\ e mc askc 1 te stan the rdigion of M iliomi t with its stem views of Oui as the mipicmc nilei of the univeibc, with its ilcpiavid und depuis IUJ leniencies, with its ciushing rcabtiis tittil its lmseial le hopes Vic in i) well lool , us invited, but fiom all of these, and from all other BJ stems, we turn-nnd with fcehn"3 ol relief-to the religion of the liible to the Cospel of Jesus Hie lchgion of lesus stands alone, limul all sjstcms ancient and modem it is a teligioii unap pronched in its majest), unequalled in purity, untouched m its sublimitj. unsui ¡Hissed in its tenderness uiiuppioiieliablc m its diselosmes ol "oodncsa, ot nieie), and of love to guilty, polluted, mise iiible man 'Hie íellgion ot lesus lins shed ii hallowed light on all the scenes and circumstances of earth It hnsbicathccl its mild and gentle bpirit into the institutions, tho laws, the puisuits, and the intercourses of human lite, creating happiness in hearts und in homes us the j ears roll on lind giving a title to and a mectness foi lnhciituncc bejond death and the "ruse Lust of nil, it midit, in the tone mid in the temper ot the present d t), be eonsielcied a defect m an aildicss fiom the chun, and on buch a deeply uitcicsliiig occi sion were no notice to bo taken of the ud v iincement ot science, of plulosoph), mid of att-with the application of these to the busiest and evei varying departments of Immun life nnd human socict), to the relief of frail, Hiitleting liumamt) to the eleva tion of tlie musses, to the substantial comfort oi nil tin menibeis of the gieut hinuly of mun "\\\ ere snell mi omission lo be ninde purposely or ollie i wise, it might be held us ii clem proof-oi at least us a le nun kable indication-that the I'lcsbjteuan Church, like other clniiclus, was opposed to the march of intellect, to the leal oi una guiar) chums ot science lo the tiuiinphs of plulosoph) to the pio"icss ot culture of advanced litcraty thou Jit , to the lnjicr criticism to the complete emancipation of the human mind from all that lins been stark, doubtful, oi superstitions ni tin past ages ot the vvoild , and to its investment with all that may be ileeme 1 fiec blight beautiful, glorious as to the luturc I m il c bold to sa) in the name of the l'resbjrciiun Church of Victoria and on behalf ot this the highest court in that church that it is not so and that it never has been so j he ministers elders, mcmbois and adhcienUot that church, if tiny be so disposed, mid they have the means and the oppoituiutics may follow the leadings ot mind and ot heait in till matters pei tinning to bcicnce to plnlo bophy to art to literature to a hi Jiei or to a lower atticism to all fields of knowledge, inviting or uninviting ihey inn) muse anei meditate by night or by day on the " know able or on the "unknowable, on the "conditioned or on the 'unconditioned, on the ' existence ' or on the ' non existence of matter, on the origin of life, ot motion, of forces, of languages, of nicas, of ' evolution, or of 'involution, of the six natural day8 of citation, as given in the Hook of Gencis, or of millions upon millions of years, whether given on 'fuuly reason able oi on abstiidly unreasonable grounds on the more or less rapid decay of sung and of systems, or on the continuance or on the permanence of otbeis, on the cluims ot a religion that now is, and on the creeds cm bodying such doctrines, piecepts piinciples,as may be said to constitute such u religion, as con trusted with the brightness and the glory of a coming religion-the religion of humanity-a religion without God, without sin without responsibility without accountability with out a resurrection without eteinul life While, howevei such freedom ol hunger, of inquirj, and of investigation ina) be allowed, or may not be forbidden, there me limits, m another way, which may and winch must be fully known, and most rigidly observed It is required of ministers-of nil ministers that they adhere honestly and faithfully to the standurds of the church ; that m then preaching, and in their visitations from house to house, they teach and preach Jesus ChriBt -in other words, the great fundamental truths of the everlasting gospel-as the sin fulness of man, the Godhead of Christ, the incarnation, the obedience, the suffer mg8, and the death of the Loid Jesus Christ in the way of atonement of sin, in working out and in bringing ns n perfect and everlasting; righteousness-a righteous ness which is with all and upon all them that believe, the work of the Holy Spirit in applying to the minda, the hearts, the lives of men, the redemption purchased by Christ, and in enabling them to walk before God unto ¿11 well pleasing , and in seeking to do God's will in all things, as the angels do In heaven Ministers are to preach the " preaching " that God bid them, "diminish ing not a word " " Wo ia unto me," said on apostle, "if I preach not the gospel ' Brethren, I commend you to God, and to th wold of Illa Grace, which ia able to bulli }OU up und to give you un inheritance arnon; all them who uro Binictilied. Amen am amen. The Rev. S. Kelso moved that the thanki of the Assembly be given to the Rev. Dr Mercer, the retiring modeutor, ior In eloquent sermon. The Rev. R. T. WALKER util seconded th motion The Rev. J. BALLANTYNE thought th motion should nluo express the Assembly uppi caution of the impartiality, courtesy, am clhcieucy which the ictiring moderator hui shown while presiding over its deliberations The motion was ngreud to with tho ndditioi suggested ouDtit or iiusi.vrss. The Rev. F. R. M. WILSON us convener o the llusmess Committee brought up a repor showing the proposed order ot business, uni moved that it be adopted. The Rev. J. W. INGLIS referred to the onie: " Keferenee from the Presbytery ol Mei bourne lelativc to the Rev. Charles Strong, and appeal against the teferenco,' to which the iollovving noto was added - "The Husmeas Committee are strongl; persuaded that an appeal against a referenci to n supenoi court is incompetent." Hi moved that the words-"And appeal ogains the reference" be omitted. Such an nppea was incompétent According to chapter ii rule 3, the presbyter) bud a pertcct right te refer a question simjiltater to the Inghe; cou it llie appellant, the Rev. Mr Hay, could gam all he wanted by making objectioi when the reference carno up Besides, i would be unwise to encourage members te w äste the time of the ussembly by bringing uj appeals in this waj The Rev. G TAIT seconded the motion The Rev. Dr NISH would not like to see tin assembly commit itselt to the piinciplc thai an nppeal against n reference was incompe tent An appeal iiguinst any action ot r lower court was riciloctly competent Whei a reference came up tim superior Court might say that the matter was not ripe for reter ence, or that it wa» not brought forward IT a lorm lit for adjudication Ile hoped tin liev. Mr. Inglis would withdraw lus umend nient The Rev. W. G. FRASER said nothing coulc be plainei than the language of the following rule -"When a member of uny niferioi court is dissutiafied with tho proceedings ol the said court und deanes to bring then under levicvv of a superior court he dissent and appeals " He regretted that the Uusi ilesa Committee should have stepped out ol its wu) to insert the comment it did. The right of appeal was olio of tile distinct laws ot the church The Rev. JOHN STEELE supported tho adop< tion of the report The Rev. S. ROBINSON remarked that the feel- ing of the llusmess C'ommittteewasthutit wat incompetent for an inferior court to bring it* own action under the review of a supenoi court, anti that ni that sense an appeal did not he. The Rev. R. T. WALKER urged that it was n fundamental law of the chuieh that uny one who objected to a reference lind the right oi appeal The question was- Was the prcsbi tcry right in releiring this cuse to the higher coutt ' The Rev.. J. L. RENTOUL said the presbtery of Melbourne being in a dilhculty, relerred the ninttei to the supreme court ot the church, and now the most extiaordinary and anomalous course was adopted of appealing against Chut reierence. He would support the amendment The Rev. D. H. BALLANTYNE expressed his dissent Irom the opinion of Dr. Nish us to the competency of nu appeal against a reierence Ii the bon gentlemen weie correct, theelfect would be to nullity the rule ot the church act contened upon mteiior courts, the privilege and the right ol releiring a case to the supenoi couit An appeal would bar the íe leience If it were sustained the ussembly could not deni with the cuse The Rev. F. R. M. WILSON remarked that when aietereuce cumeup from the piesb)ter>, the ussembly decided whether it bhciuld be sustained oi not Then would be the time for an) one to oppose the reierence. The com outee did not ask the ussembly to decide w hellier an appeal waa competent oi not. In coming to a decision on the point themselves they would have to acquaint the appellant who might appeal against their decision, and this would have led to a «implication Mr M. H. DAVIES suggested that the proper time for this discussion would be w hen the business came on in its due course At piesent, all the) had to do was to udopt the older ot business proposed by the com- mittee The Rev. Jos. HAY did not think that the Business Committee hud interpreted the law aecuiutel) 'lhere wus a provision in the i ules th it mi appeal could be made against the action ol mi) piiHbjter), and if, he thought, the piosbytery ot Melbourne were pioeeeding lriegulurly or slinking theil dut), he wus in older in appeal- ing against their action. The Rev. Mr Ballantyne said that if the appeal were sus- tained the superior court would be prevented fiom entertaining the question That was quito tiue, and Ins (Mr I Iii)'s) contention was, Chut so huge and inte llii;etitapicsb)tery na that ot Melbourne should not throw tins business on the shoulders of the general assembly \v ben they \v ero capable ol deciding it the maches It struck him that the Mel- bourne 1'iesbytery vvunted to get the lust slaloment of the case. 'Hie MoutitAion-1 hold that tobo alto- gether unfair No spcakei has ii right so to charge the presbjtei), the ease not being belorolhe court The Rev. Jos. HAY bowed with pleasure to the decision ot the moderutoi. He simply wished to say, that by theiraction thepreaby tery seemed to think that they weie the proper put tics to bring the matter up. Ho (Mi. Ila)) thought he was tho proper part), and he was not imputing any motives He had no mteiest in the mattet one whit, but when it cume on for discussion he would have lus su), whethet he cume lust oi second. The Rev. G. TAIT baid the ie\ gentleman would have the opportunity he desired of proving to the General Assembly that this case bud not been matured as it ought to have been after the tefetence had been stated lus ptoxided by the iules Mr. J. BALFOUR thought no appeal could stop a, reference to the Geneial Assembly, which was a constitutional light The assembly could only lefuse to listen to a reierence on the giound that it was iinolous or irregular. Alter having heard it, the supeuor court might say that the matter was not ripe for leleionce, and send it back again, and then would be the time for a motion suelfus that ot Mr. Hay's to come up The liev. J. W. IMIIIS having leplied, the amendment for the adoption ot the loport, with the omission of the words "And ap- peal against the îefeience," was carried by a huge majont). misiM'ss cointirrn: The Itev Mi WILSON saul be desired to tender his resignation na chairman of the Business Committee Ile had made arrange ments fot going home before the end ot tlio mouth On the motion of the Rev A Hardie, seconded bj the liev. A Davidson, the nssemblj expressed its sjmputhy with Mi. Wilson m Ins time oi ti ml, and uccepted his resignation with deep icgiet 'Hie liev A II Minn, gave notice that he would move at the next meeting that the Ken Geo Tait be nppointed convener of the Business Committee nu ni v v srnoNo's CASI . The Cn mc intimated that the first business foi next morning would be the lelercnce fiom the Piesb}tery ot Melbourne relative to the liev Chiulcs Strong 'Hie liev C SiitoNt. desired to thank the iJusniessC'ommitteefoi their courtesy infixing this business lor discussion at so early a date Ile wrote some lune ago to Dr. Macdonald, who was the mover of the motion in the piesb)tery asking lum to re quest tho ltusmess Committee, if consistent w ith their othei aï rangements, to lix the con- sideration ot his case at us curl) a dato as possible He bad already delayed Ina depar- ture fiom this countiy tor some time BO that he might not be accused ot contempt ot the assembly. Ho had been told b) some that lus going awii) might be regarded in that light, mid Tie would be very soiry indeed even to appear contemptuous to the General Assembly. (Hear, beni ) Cir- cumstances, with which the convencí of the llusmess Committee vue acquainted, com- pelled lum to leave on the 15th, and he would therefore feel greatly obliged to the assembly ii they would kindly full in with the arrange- ment of the Business Committee. '1 he proposal was agreed to llie assembly adjourned at half-past 10 o'clock until 10 o'clock this morning. 