WASBSiSBOOL. (fbom ode own correspondent.) February 12. The topic which absorbs all the interest now is the Corporation cattle yards. It has a used more excitement, more abase, and promises to resnlt in more dissevered friend- ships, than the wildest political times. This little internecine warfare which has been going on for the past month or two, 'has resulted in a rupture between the Govern ment, or rather the Minister of Lands and the Borough Council. Shortly stated, the Government of 1869 reserved a piece of land on Bagian Parade for " market purposes," on the request of the Borongh Council to have it reserved for a hay and cattle market In 18/2 the Council spent £700 in making a tunnel to drain the land, preparatory to erecting the cattle yards. later, the Council proposed to borrow money to construct cattle yards, bnt a majority of the ratepayers were averse to the project as was shown by the poll which was taken on tbe subject. The present Council, in response to the solicitation of the fanners, resolved to erect yards on the reserve out of the revenue for the year. Fatality pursued the project from its inception. The Town Surveyor through indisposition delayed the plans and specifications for the work, and in the mean time a murmur of dissatisfaction was heard from the spiritual pastor of the Presbyterian body. Some of the riders took up the run ning, the proprietor of one of the -existing yards, seeing his opportunity brought creed and country to bear upon the question, and a nice little bit of intrigue was set np, when the Council found it was "sappers and miners" they had to deal with. Well, the resnlt of this combined diplomacy of priest and creed, vested interests and the body corporate, is that there's the deuce to pay. The Minister of lands ' ' desired" the Council to have the Raglan Parade site alone de- termrnednpon bya poU of the ratepayers. The Council deferred not to the Minister's desires, but placed two rites before the rate- payers, for which course they were blame- ahle. But, they signed, there is ho other site available, and we have determined to erect yards somewhere. They proceeded wflh the poll though warned by the Minister that it wonld have no result It showed a majority of 87 ratepayers in favonr of Raglan Itaade, and I don't think the majoritywSdd havebeen materially lessened, had the one site been placed before the bmgesses. Then camethe second coup of tire O'Loghlen ad- mnrntoriaon. The Minister, adding to thefoM paper has instructed the teffiff to «l«tbe Gonmalh contractor fromthegronnd, ad threatens to caned the rite; on the plea toat it iras never granted for a cattle yards Whatever wiu the iutentwp, ul the Government who granted the site, or the Government of to-day, our successive cor porate bodies since tbe year 1869 have been under the impression that the land was available for tire purposes for which they asked it from Government, and they have spent £700 upon it. Who is to recoup the Council, or more properly the ratepayers for this outlay ? I should say those who led them into the error. But the game is not up yet. The Council intend to see the matter through tbe Courts if counsel's opinion is favourable. This little market ruction is a rather in auspicious commencement for our "town," to which civic dignity Warrnarnbool has just been raised. We are going to rejoice all the same. On Thursday next there are -to be junket tings of some sort, hut the programme is not yet complete. _> j It Ib satisfactory to see that the prt? still going ahead in the matter of exports. For the quarter ending 30th December, 1S82 the value of exports was £190,436, which is £22,000 in excess of the corresponding quarter of 1881. Dairy produce of all kinds : - are tbe principal items sent away in the last quarter of the year. We have already entered upon the troubles of delay through the emosed Dosition of our Dort. The "Julia Percy" has been floundering abont in the bay since Friday morning. The " Penola " and the " Dawn " have been unable to work ; the ' Claud Hamilton" looked in upon us, bat hied away again, and other crafts have been warned off the port. Still we thrive, and cheerfully look forward to a . blessed resurrection of the breakwater. Our boys have started a swimming club in connection with the salt water baths. We have scores of young Lesnders and Nafators now. little fellows, some of them, who scarcely displace tbe buoyant, briny, fluid, through which they skim so adroitly. But the large cold bath is not so popular with the adults. It is the warm salts they resort to. So do the rheumatic, the sciatic, the cataleptic, and the crapulous. Of the latter we furnish a goodly number ourselves, but visitors are pouring in from all parts of the colony troubled with all kinds of spinal, osseous, and nervons complaints, who speak highly of the relief obtained by a course of the baths. Tbe Shire Council held their annual meet ing on Wednesday after repeated delays. The cautions councillor who caused the delays got a rap over the knuckles from the blunt President, and another colleague for protracting the Council's business, when ha conld have ascertained all that he wanted ta know from the Secretary in the office with ont parading mares' nests. Our election for the Borongh (I beg its ron — Town) will pass off quietly enout Francis arrived on Saturday, and peaks to-night in tbe Oddfellows' Halt He had a rough passage by the "Dawn," and saw the bay in one of its angry moodi, as also did Mr. Symonds, the under- treasurer, who was a passenger by the same boat. Of the candidates for Villieis and Heytesbuiy, Farmer is not supposed to hava a shadow of a chance of anything bnt luring his £50 deposit. Toohey is said to he deserted by the creed, which I doubt, bring under the impression that they are goini for the double event this time. Toohey and Jones would secure them two vote on any future education question. Jones is thought to be very safe, and Anderson doubtful. Among the stories which are flying about jnst now is a ghost story. A sable ghoel, as black as the fallen angel is painted, and who disappears with a yell when accosted. One informant says it is a man and another a woman. The police are endeavouring to niscover one eei aim uuuewuw. w, — — tnrnal prowler. Whatever it is, a scare tee been set up in the vicinity of Wytffl Convent, where the appearance proclaim! itself. Several charges of dynamite have been expended over the wrecked vessel "Yam," bnt with little further resnlt than sending columns of water high into the air. He hull of the vessel is right in the breakers, which renders operations difficult for the diver. Mr. Smale, who is in charge of the operations, is now going to wait for fait weather, when there is less swirl and surge, before he wastes any more charges. 