3 LADY DENTON'S LOVERS. Written fob The Weekly Times. Bx "Atha."' Chapteb I. It is just likely you would be disappointed if you tried to find 4 Bay View ' in the Vic torian directory; nevertheless, it is a real live township, with a considerably greater number of trees within its municipal boun dary than inhabitants. The latter, it may be remarked, are Conservatives to a man; and as for the women — well, they obey their hus bands, and do not care for politics. They do not go in for railways either ; the iron horse has not snorted through their primitive Eden ; the rumbling old mail coach still wends its slow way to the door of the Bay View hotel every evening at 7.30 p.m. On this chilly night in June, the old vehicle wended its way to the hotel with the mails and one passenger. Peter Grey son, the landlord, a personage as round as he was high, stood at his door, with his fat hands plunged up to his elbows in his pockets, and smiled graciously upon the new comer as he alighted. He was a man of thirty-five or thereabouts, tall and muscular, well preserved, with a fine handsome face and a disposition to take things quietly; yet there was a dormant devil lurking iu the corners of the mouth which plainly indicated dogged perseverance and determination if fairly aroused. 4 Hallo, Mr. Holgrove 1 Is that really you, sir ?' cried old Peter, wringing the stranger by the hand. 4 Glad to see you, indeed ! Pray step inside. Lord ! it's a long time since you were last seen up here.' The new comer divested himself of his overcoat and went into the inner room, where the landlord's wife was laying the table for dinner. 4 Well, Greyson, and how are all the people in this neighbourhood, eh ?' he said, seating himself before the fire. 4 All well and hearty, sir. I suppose you are come on a visit to the Colonel, sir ?' 4 Yes, I intend to stay a month. I haven't had a holiday these three years. How .are all the people at the 44 Dell ?" ' 1 Ah ! sir, there are several visitors there,' cried the landlord. 4 Humph ! Anyone I know ?' 4 Young Master Frederick is there, and — ' 4 What ! my nephew ?' interrupted the other. 4 The young rogue does well to make the most of the vacation. Of course, he drops in to see you ?' 4 Ay, marry, sir. He's a wild young blade is Master Raymond. The Colonel's horses .will not want exercise while he's here, I'll warrant. My Lady Denton and he are — ' 4 Lady Denton ! Is she here V interrupted Jack Holgrove, bachelor, of the firm of Hol grove, Brooks, and Son-, ool brokers, etc., betrayed out of his usual cool and quiet manner. 4 Lady Denton has been at the 44 Dell " all the winter,' rejoined the landlord, ebyly. 4 And such a charming dear she is 5' chimed in Mrs. Greyson, making her bow to the traveller. 4 The old house is not like the same place since she came back again to it. Why, it only seems like last week that she went away, a mere slip of a slim girl, to be married to that old rich hunks Sir John Denton, who took her for a trip to the old country and there died and left her all his money.' The good hostess had no need to remind Jack Holgrove of the circumstance. Colonel Hampfield was poor, with only one daughter, proud, ambitious, beautiful. Had Blanche Hampfield been a man she would undoubtedly have mounted the ladder of fame in some way or other, but being only a woman she married the wealthiest man in the market, and so became possessed of a qnarter of a million of money in her own right, with the title of .4 My Lady.' In his quiet fashion he had gone so far as to ask her to be his wife, but she had laughed at him, and bad answered tfcnt she was too extravagant, that she would ruin him in a twelvemonth, that he was too slow for her, i etc So she went away, When La(fy Denton returned from her grand tonr, she had ap peared to favour her former lover, but her whim again changed suddenly, and Jack had left her in wonder, and thoroughly convinced that she%as only a coquette. 4 As I was saying, sir, the old place has not been the same since her return from Tas mania, where she was staying all last sum mer. phe poor dear old Colonel has been compelled to invite folks from far and near, and she has been as gay ap the gayest. She shoots, she rides, she leaps fences and logs that's a oaation to those that happen to be out with her, and especially to that straight, tall gam-tree, Captain Vandome.' 4 Who is Captain Vandome, pray V 4 Bless you, have you not heard of the Captain ?' 'Certainly not, the pleasure is to come, Mrs. Greyson.' 4 And it will be a pleasure, sir, for he s such a fine, handsome gentleman. He was in the Life Guards, or something that way, in London, you know, and knows the Colonel and a host of tip-top people in the colony. He came out for the good of his health.' 4 Oh ! And he accompanies Lady Denton In her rides ?' 4 Just so, sir, though we can see he is no horseman. He has been here off and on for about four months. Her ladyship can't stir but he's at her heels.' 4 Is Captain Vandome a young man V 4 Well, about your own age, sir, and that's young enough for any lady,' cried the hostess. 4 Thank you on behalf of myself and Cap tain Vandome.' 4 Donvt mention it, sir ; you'll find the Captain quite at home at the Dell.' 4 At home, Mrs. Greyson V 4 Surely, sir, there is nothing very sur prising in that,' answered the landlady, with a shrewd look. 4 Colonel Hampfield is getting old. If this Captain Vandome marries his daughter, as everybody says he will, would it not be easy for them all to reside at the Dell ? I'm sure the house is big enough.' Holgrove hit his lips. 4 Oh, oertainly; besides, it would be more economical, he said, with a smile. 4I trust you will dine with us,' said the hostess ; 4 it is some distance to the Dell, and you might lose your way.' 'Thank you; I am acquainted with the track,' he replied. 4 Take care of my bag ; I will send for it iu the morning.' 4 Don't trouble about that, sir ; Ned shall send it on.' 4 Thank you, madam, and good-night,' he replied, and was gone. Jack Holgrove left ths high road and entered the scrub by a footpath he appeared to be familiar with. After walking some con siderable time, he turned without hesitation to the left, which soon -conducted him clear of the trees into an open glade, bounded on one side by a large running creek and a fence, which formed the enclosure to Colonel Hamp- field's grounds, or the Dell, by which name the place was best known. Holgrove pursned a path bordering the fence until he came to a spot resembling an old quarry. The walls ronnd this darksome hole were steep and overgrown with low brushwood. From the centre rose the wide- spreading branches of a magnificent blue gum, and at its feet a mouldering heap, weed- grown and surmcunted by a rude wooden cross. The wayfarer knew very well that the cross and the heap of stones farmed the tomb of Jack Boomerang, the bushranger. Thirty years ago, this bravado, sleeping so peacefully here beneath the gnm-tree, was the terror of the surrounding district. There were few settlers at Bay View, and fewer police to protect them. The bushranger had sent notice to the Colonel that he was going to 'visit him, and the Colonel, wishing to show all courtesy to his guest, went out to meet him, pistol iu band. The pair met on the spot of this old quarry, and the officer had shot his man dead. The body of Boomerang, although buried where he fell, stili came forth to visit 4 the glimpses of the moon,' and to scare away from the ugly spot every inhabitant of Bay View, old or young, valiant or otherwise. It was known as the Bush ranger's Hole, and he was accounted a brave fellow indeed who would dare go inside its precincts after dark. The traveller walked cautiously along the rough, uneven ground, then paused, and stood a moment in contemplation. Since leaving the hotel the moon had risen, and now cast a flood of light on every object around, even to the black shadows of the scmbre trees and the rippling creek. As Bolgrove stood look ing below, he fancied he saw something moving on the slops of the ground which rounded into the little dell. He had not been deceived, for presently, as he stood look ing, he saw a thing which might have caused a man whose nerves were not as firm as iron to quake with pardonable fear. Mortal, spectre, or demon perchance, this extraordinary personage was enveloped in a long crimson robe, with tassels dangling in front, and slippers on his feet, which made him appear to glide noiselessly over the ground rather than walk. Ghost or man, he came jauntily along with a quick, swinging pace, and humming an opera air. He no sooner emerged into the open glade than he paused and uttered a short, half-stifled cry. Holgrove, less frightened than surprised at this sudden apparition, stood still, and waited in silence to see what be would do. He could see him very plainly, for his white, r-allid face was turned upwards towards him self, and it appeared to our traveller that, had the bushranger started up out of his grave, his face could not have, been more ghastly. It was curious how this moving figure glided towards Holgrove so swiftly, consider ing the broken nature of the ground between them. When he had come within a few feet of Jack, he sank down on his face before him and cried out in a suffocated tone : 4 Rest in peace !' Holgrove felt inclined to laugh outright, but at the same moment he noticed ihe red- robed phbntom fall backwards like an inert mass. He darte " forward; the mysterious being lay on the grass in a faint. 4 Gome, what's all this nons-ne .bout?' cried Jack, roughly, and giving his ghostship & good shaking. 4 Get up, sir ' Avaunt, spirit!' murmured the lips of the fainting one, with a snudder. Jack Holgrove lifted the half-senseless form in his arms and carried him further into the full beams o the moon, and dis closed features almost feminine in their fair and regular beauty. 'Confound the boy, why, it's my nephew, the scapegracs 1' cried Jack. 4 Take any shape but that and I'll — ' 4 What the devil is the matter with you, sir? Have you taken leave of your senses, eh ? Stand up, sir.1 4 Hence, horrible shadow !' ' Humph 1 This is beginning to be lively,' mattered Jack, in his turn. The boy has taken me f qy the ghost of the defunct robber, X verily trelieye. What the dickens brings him here and in his dressing robe Mfl shnpem ' Lady Denton has been persuading suppers . j x'll lay a thousand, the poor lad to we wine, « «j ._nJ Too bad, apon my life. Here, Fred, stana youth, again unclosing his eyes with Jackteid his brfrden on the turf and ran down to the creek. Filling his belltoppe with a good supply of the ice-cold liquid, he quickly returned and gave his erratic nephew the full benefit of it. . . The boy was not proof against sucn a sadden shock, but started to bis feet in a moment, and stared about him. 4 Well ' cried his uncle, contemplating mm. 4 1 thought you were the ' began youDg Fred. Oh, did you, eh? Pray, what are you doing here?' 4 Nothing, sir.' , 4 Of course, and you find it very easy to do it, don't you ?' , 4 My dear uncle, I'm glad to see you. 'Indeed, sir.' . 4 Very glad indeed. When did yon arrive in Bay View?' - .. Jack Holgrove burst out laughing. An, nephew, I see yon are becoming yourself again. Tell me what cauEed you to famt just now?' 4 The heat, I suppose, uncle. 4 What 1 heat m June V 4 No, no! the cold, I mean !' 4 Or the bushranger's ghost, eh ? Ha . ha ! ha ! What a fright you got 1' 4 Sir, cowards are frightened ; I am no coward,' responded the boy, clenching his Stuff! why not acknowledge it, Fred? The greatest heroes are not exempt from fear, and it is only boasters who pretend they are never frightened. But, now that you have recovered from your panic, will you explain why I found you here at this hour and in your dressing gown?' Chapter II. Master Fred was some considerable time cogitating ere he answered his kinsman. Perhaps he required time to recover his scattered senses, or, may be, he felt shame to confess the foolishness of his prank. Uncle,' said he, in pathetic tones, 4 you have always treated tne with the kindness of a father, and I am sure you would not cause me a serious sorrow.' 4 Not the smallest sorrow, my boy,' answered the other, kindly. 4 We!!, then, give your word never to mention to any one a single thing of what has just happened. Remember, if you refuse, I am quite able to take my own part-.' Jack Holgrove laugheu. 'Pray, how old are you, sir?' he asked, with a shade of irony. Fifteen last May. Upon my word, nephew, it is time you were married ! Then yon would have more of your own part to take. 4 Ah 1 I shall never marry, uncle.' 4 No ? Well, there is plenty of time. Why do you wish me to promise, Fred ?' 4 Because,' replied Fred, 4 if Lady Denton knew I had been frightened — as you were pleased to term it just now — she would laugh at me from morning till night.' 4 What of that, boy ?' 4 Everything, uncle. Lady Denton would call me a coward. She hates a coward. I have heard her say so twenty times. Rather than that she should hate zne, I would kill myself.' The smile which was lingering on Hol- grove's lips now suddenly disappeared. You are anxious about Lady Denton's good opinion, Fred?' 4 Who would not be that possesses a soul ?' cried the boy with enthusiasm. 4 She is so beautiful, so witty, so sarcastic, so charming when she smileB, so terrible when she ridicules ! Who has such large, dark eyes, such lovely teeth, such a graceful figure, such a heavenly voice, such a ' 4 And you are only fifteen, nephew V 4 We are speaking of Lady Denton, sir.' So we were — so you were, Fred. Lady Deutou is a most fascinating woman. I have known that a long time,' said Jack, gravely. 4 Had she anything to do with this Btrange freak ? 4 You shall hear, uncle,' said Fred, as they walked towards the Dell. 4 You know the Colonel's fa usehold does not retire early. There is whist, music, and story-telling. Last evening the conversation turned upon ghosts. Colonel Hampfield related an adventure he once met with in India ; then followed Captain Vandome, a tall fop, whom I dislike for his swagger and his bounce and insolent airs. Handsome Vandome — as they call him — told a marvellous fable in which he acted the leading character. I had nothing to tell, being, as he told me, only a schoolboy ; but, as it did not suit me to appear dazed by his crammers, I took the liberty of turning his so-called adventures into ridicule. He sneered at me in return, and dared me to go alone to the Bushranger's Hole. Lady Denton was looking at me with her malicious smile, which I dread so much. I saw she wanted to put my courage to the test.' 4 You accepted the captain's challenge ?' ' Y'es ; I was to proceed just as you see me, and sing a song over the bushranger's grave, and carry back with me a piece of that old wooden cross.' 4 A very pleasant joke, upon my word,' aried Holgrove. 4 1 started off on the moment, and heard behind me the Colonel's gruff voioe, the mock ing laugh of Captain Vandome, and Lady Denton's 44 bon soir.'' By-and-bye those sounds faded away, and then there fell upon me and around me a deep silence. In vain I listened in the hope of hearing some friendly sound, but there was not the note of a bird or the fall of a leaf even. In apite of my resolve to appear jolly, the intense gloom of silence began to affect me. All the ghost storieB I had read came back to my memory without an effort. Long before I had reached the hole a nameless dread had full possession of me, but I fought against it, and partly succeeded in the effort, when ' 4 When you saw me and took me for the shade of Jack Boomerang — eh, nephew?' 4 1 had no power to think, uncle. It was like a dream.' 4 My Lady Denton is still the same as over,' answered Holgrove, mop to himself than his companion. 4 ThoaghtleSa, wilful, end exacting. ioiiowing no i»w uuii uot «wii pleasure, and no rule but her whims. What a pity Uncle and nephew bad been walking slowl forward towards the Dell during Fre<j»B reoit&l;, and they how halted simultaneously for they percaived a light moving towards them. 4 Is this another ghost ?' inquired Hoi. grove. 4 They are in searah of me,' answered Fred with a quaver in his voice. 4 Uncle, do not forget your promise.' 4 Have no fear, boy. If they question me I will give a good account of your valour.' ' 4 1 do not care foe the Captain, but not a word before her, I implore you.1 Before her! This young schoolboy i6 familiar,' the man of thirty-five cried with in himself, inwardly displeased with his kinsman. 4 She has bewitched him. At hie age more than at mine, it is excusable to commit follieB.' Iu the meantime, the light they had seen had drawn nearer, and soon they could distinguish several peisons advancing towards them. A servant carrying a lantern walked foremost ; behind him Colonel Hampfield marched with military stride; then came Lady Denton, wrapped in a long shawl which she had drawn over her head, and leaning on the arm of Captain Vandome, who was laughing, and, as it seemed, endeavouring to amuse her. Halt! who goes there?' shouted the Colonel in a stentorian voice as the parties approached. Two apparitions instead of one,' replied Holgrove. 4 Eh 1 surely I cannot be mistaken ! It is our friend Holgrove,' cried the Colonel snatching the light and examining his visiter! 4 My dear Jack, how are you ?' Holgrove returned the old soldier's friendly grasp, then bowed silently to Lady Denton who blushed slightly as she recognised him. ' 4 Captain Vandome, Jack. A mutual curt bend was exchanged between Jack and the Captain. 4 Who the deuce expected the pleasure of seeing you here to-night ?' cried the Ccloml, taking his friend's arm. 4 1 thought you were still ia New Zealand. Do you know, you have been knocking about for more than three years and never once put your face this way? But we will talk of that by -and-bye ; at present we have a phantom-hunter to question. Frederick Raymond, advance to the front sir.' ' The boy advanced with a militaiy salute and presented a chip from the wooden cross. 4 Bravo !' cried the Colonel, laughing. ; Y'ou have passed the ordeal with honour.' 4 Is it really from the Bushranger's Hole V cried the Captain. Perhaps it may be only a fragment ci brushwood,' returned Lady Denton, with incredulous raillery. ' Lady Denton !' cried Fred, in an offended tone. 4 Nay. don't be angry, resumed she. I am willing to believe that you have scrupulously accomplished your wager; but confess— were you much frightened ?' 4 Frightened, madam— I, a Raymond !' 4 Yes, your Raymondship notwithstanding. The more so aB you are blushing,' she con tinued, with a relentless mockery. I blush to think that Lady Denton should doubt my words,' responded the boy. 4 1- repeat, this is a fragment of the old cross from the bushranger's grave ; ask my uncle.1 Jack Holgrove, answering his nephew's pleading look with a knowing, mischievous side-glance, said gravely : ' To render homage to truth, I must declare that Frederick behaved bravely. I believe few lads of his age would have won their spurs in such a daring manner.' 4 Since Mr. Holgrove chooses to be respon sible for his nephew's courage, it will ba in future an article of faith for ue,' Lady Denton quickly rejoined. Mr. Holgrove is too clever and distinguished a personage in affairs of valour for his opinion to lack weight.' These words were so full of ridicule that a man without a notion of irony must have detected in them a desire to offend. But Jack only smiled. 4 You flatter me, Lady Denton,' he replied, with a sort of satirical modesty, 1 bat I cannot accept your praises in earnest. Far from boasting of heroic bravery, I must confess when I saw my nephew I was very nearly beating a retreat.' 4 A ghost would have had less terror for you, sir, than a bushranger, perchance,' said Lady Denton, laying strong emphasis upon the last word but one, and as if drawing allusion to some circumstance known only to the man whom she addressed. 4 Bushrangers are not plentifal, Lady Denton. Besides, one may not fear those desperadoes every day,' returned Holgrove, with a glance which changed, no doubt, to annoyance the gibing humour of the Colonel's daughter, for, instead of oontinuing the conversation, she resumed Captain Yandome's arm and turned away. It was very late when they reached the house. Supper was prepared, after which there was music and chit-chat, until the CoIodsI gave the signal to retire by igbting his bedroom caudle. While the Captain, Fred, and the Colonel were grouped together, Jack approached Lady Denton, who was olosing the piano. f Lady Denton,' he said in low tones, and with gravity in which an involuntary emotion waB evident, 'give me credit to: having o&lled; here unaware of tfow presence.' 4 You are highly flattering.' 4 Understand me, Lady Denton ; I should not have come if I had thought of meeting you. Say but the word, and I will depart in the morning.1 I am in my father's house, and not (t home,' she answered haughtily. 4 Here I orders to no one It is you, air, who ought to know whether your visit is becoming or not.1 Then she ooldly bent her head, and, taking leave of her father mid guest, left the room 4 My Lady Denton, you are charming, rO one ean deny that, but you are without soul, muttered Jaok Holgrove as he unrobed for the night. 4 Heigho I my lady. You are angling for the Captain, and when you have got him on yfcur IRk l8 hira !& himself, that's aU. for myself, f 11 to rest. Bleep sharpens the wit, they say, and Heel sure I shall require sharp wits indeed to fence with you, my Lady Denton.' (to SB continued.) 