TffEF 0QSSIP. Br AvatJB. i ^The," ladies' day" At Caulfield promises co bftOomeofte of the most interesting of meet Irigs held under the auspices of the Victoria AmateurTorf Club, and should the "clerk *ffwrnoon Amateur nIHCI 4Aui^ wuu oftke weather" prate gallant this afternoon &fp;$ is bound to be a goodly sprinkling of dr sex to witness the .contest. for the lets. In order that the visitors-may get to town before dark. Mr. Bond has arranged that the first race shall be started at 1 and the last at 4 o'clock. I hardly expect to Bee Egerton come to the post for the Selling Race, and, in hiB absence, perhaps NriiFU or Boathan will appropriate the SO so vs. With a 9st. minimum in the Hurdle Race, Game has quite enough at 12a t. 91b. Of the aspirants to nurdle fame there is no finer stamp of horse than Sparke, who looks good enough to win a Melbourne Cup, but I fancy he haa an irritable temper, and Musi dora or Storhbird Bhould win. There is nothing very grand engaged in the Victoria Gold Cup, though if Scotchman were himself I should look no. further for the winner.: Of this I am sceptical, aud therefore shall give my vote to Gold Top and Black Jacket. In the Open Steeplechase Blackthorn heads the fist at flat 91b. Abd&llah; at&o; appears in Mr. Phillips's name, and as the old grey seems to have returned to his proper form, no doubt he was fully entitled to the list 71b. he has been allotted. Harper-Thompson (late Hub bub) could win easily enough if he were in the vein, but I shouldn't care to bust him, much preferring Vaulter, who apjiears to lie improving into a very useful horse. He and Euchre are placed almost upon an equality, and Alhambra is close at bond with list Then follows Magic: Taxaraxacum is a very speedy South Australian, and at lOst 101b. he is not hardly used; and of those below him perhaps Miller is the best, albeit I expect to see Vaulteh, Euchre, arid Alhambra filling the placeB. One might as well look for the proverbial needic in a bundle of hay as try to select the winner of the Ladies' Bracelet At first sight 9st 1211). looks a big weight for Welcome Jack, but with 9st 61b. he got second at Flemington on the 2t4h of May, and seeing that a three year old, Transferred, is within Clb. of him, I don't see much to cavil at Of the heavy weights The Ghost, Squireen, and Verdure appear to me tobehestin, and I like Egerton atSst. 51b. Look ing fnrther down the list I notice the name of Flash of Lightning, by England from Zuleika. This is the companion of Spread Eagle, who has been nominated for the Mel bourne Cup, and I presume she is an im ported filly. Various rumours are in circula tion respecting this mysterious pair, and some go so far as to say that they are English horses, but their owner declares them to be from the Cape of Good Hope. To me Knrc Charles, Her Majesty, and Queen Elisa beth appear to be the best in, and one of this royal trio may carry off the chief prize, though The Ghost and Bar One are bound to give them some trouble. Special trains will leave Prince's-bridge station at in tervals. On Monday next the racing community will be prodded with food enough for discussion for the next month, as the weights for the Melbourne Cup, Grand National, Great Metropolitan, and Hawkesbury Handicap will be declared. These should prove suffi cient to carry sporting scribes through the winter, and as speculation will probably be come more spirited, a fillip will be given to sporting mutters generally. The victory of The Marquis's grandson in the Manchester Cup appears to have been effected in the easiest possible manner, for he was in front at the distance, and won without an effort by two lengths. His party won a big stake by the success of Primrose IL, and C. Wood, who rode him, received a douceur of £1,000. At a meeting of the committee of the Tasmanian Turf Club last week it was decided to take steps to get the totalisator legalised. All who take an interest in turf affairs are reminded that the new roles of the Victoria Racing Club will come into force after this week. The South Australian, Tasmanian, and other clubs that intend to endorse them will have to make some slight alterations in order to make them applicable to their re spective colonies, and 1 understand that one or two clubs will alter the minimum handi cap weight to Gst instead of Get. 71b., which by a majority of the owners of horses will be regarded as an improvement. Jockeys desirous of having their names, | addresses, and lowest riding-weight inserted in the Turf Register are requested to forward them at once. As no charge is made, it is to be hoped that all the leading jockeys will send m the required information to the sport ing editor of this journaL In consequence of the weather having affected the track of the Sandhurst Trotting Club, the meeting which was to have taken place on the 4th July has been postponed in definitely. Maud S., the great American trotting mare, is (according to the New York Spirit of live Times) getting into form again, and John Splan writes thus to the editor" I want to predict, if Mr. Yanderbilt allows her to be trotted this year, that she will trot a mile in 2.8. There was some talk of Maud S. not )linking a good pole mare, bnt Dan Mace, the great driver, don't believe in the theory, and declares that it is only necessary to know her ways to make a good roadster of her." On Thursday next Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. will dispose of a draft of Mr. Lyoll's celebrated Shetland ponies. As the sire of Archie Rapidity has made himself famous among the sires of Australia, and to Captain Haimes Victorians are in debted for rescuing him from theTasmanians, he having paid 1,000 guineas to Mrs. Brown for the son of Tim Whiffler. As a two year old there can be no doubbthat he was a bril liant flyimal, the style in which be won the Sires'. Produce Stakes proving that he was a racehorse, and it was almost unfortunate circumstance that he did not bain on. However, he made his mark at the stud in his first venture by begetting one of (be hest homes ever foaled in Aus tralia, and mated with suitable mares he will probably add to his reputation by producing more of the same sort. Rapidity's breeding ia.firatrclass, forheis by stout old Tim Whiffler horn. The Fly, who runs hack to the grand old Peter Fin and Edella families. Rapidity's lines are castin pleasantplaces, for the if/wire'restate is. famous tor the rich ness of its grassefl, and owners of mares need not have any misgivings respecting the fodder. She temp, IS guineas, are reason able enough, sd&a; hope to hear of some of the Glenormiston mares paying s visit to the. good-looking brown.- i;, . ■ . - CoriolanuahM been ivdisappouitingmmmM findthat he bas^authorisolMessrs., Yuille andCo- to auhmitlnm^o public aucbonoa Tuesday next, atKirk'sBamar. Be has cost ourlridianrimtornpendof mmwy.wid P~ very sorry that he has not had better lu with the,bolt. jHe cannot complain of 1 weights ihatbare been allottee! him, fori .Mr] rSeLlieb^hadbut a few pounds overVst., j figure and^oQOj ■, of A-..-— le lUnaipn^^bri^anffXnp^^to^orea ted, and! of the' season:) and more than once Co 1btoun has shown as of what he is capable. Mr. Matthew Bryant has selected Rich mond's brother, Bosworth, to fill the place vacated by Tim Whifller in the Cairn Currau Stud, and this ^good-looking son of Maribyr nong and The lawn wiR have a rare oppor tunity of distinguishing himself amongst such a collection of mares as that possessed by Mr. Bryant As the winner of the Nor manby Stakes, V.R.C. St Leger, Town Plate, and the A.J.C. St Leger he ginned a name for himself on the racecourse, and I hope he will be equally successful at the stud. It is said that the owner of Jack Sprat has sued the stewards of the Wodonga Racing Club, to recover the value of a race for wliich he came in first and was disqualified, because it was proved that he had run under another name, Revenue, and had not been entered as Jack Sprat (late Revenue). The judge de cided in the plaintiff's favour, and if this ex traordinary decision is not-carried to the Full Court, the stewards will have to pay the stakes to Mr. Townsend, who, according to the rules, was not entitled to receive them. Mr. F. F. Dakin informs me that the Roods near Adelaide were so severe that the pad docks at Sir Thomas Elder's stud at Mor phetville were partially Hooded. T. Hales has returned from Adelaide, and in all probability will ride at the V.A.T.C. meeting to-day. Caulfield, with its soft and springy turf, is bound to become popular with trainers. Almost every month sees an accession to the ranks, and amongst others who have lately built stables in the vicinity is Mr.W. Lang. While strolling across to the establishment of Mr. Heywood one day this week I noticed that Mr. G. Davis, of Gipps Land, had erected a fine range of stabling, and Mr. J. D. Robert-, son has shifted his boxes bodily from Cliel teiiham. P. Heywood now has a capital string of horses in work, and, all going well, some of the good things of the ensuing season should fall to this deserving young trainer. His Maribyrnong Plate representative is a bay colt by Don Giovanni from Affectation, which Heywood proposes to call Leporello, a rather appropriate name. This is a well grown youngster, and as Heywood has him tairiy forward, he will probably figure in the two-year-old race at the V.A.T.C. August meeting. Sir Charles, a full brother to The Gem, is on the improving side, and Waterloo looks all the better for a short retirement. The latter was a good performer in Queens land, but be has sadly disappointed Mr. Wallace in Victoria. He is not a big one,, but is full of quality, aud I hope some day to see him recompense bis spirited owner. No two year old that I have seen this season has made more improvement than St. Law rence, who has grown and thickened since he lost appeared in public, and I am pleased to say that he is wintering welL V elcome Jack has lost all signs of the nasal disease, which placed him hors de combat after his two-year-old career, and at the time of my visit he was the picture of rude health. Few of the Bethnal Green family have yet shown a disposition to stay, and he may prove no exception to the rale. Calma was looking as well as could be desired, and though Duenna has not grown much, she has filled out into a very nice filly that snonld play an important part in the Oaks. Chuck ster, who grows more like his relative, Swiveller, has improved the right way, but I his near fore foot gives his trainer no end of trouble. Rebecca, aud & grand little Tarn o' Shanter pony stallion complete the list With Mr. Bond I had a stroll on the course, which will be greatly improved when the new six furlongs gallop is completed. The start will take place in the south-eastern corner of the ground, whence the horses will ran straight to the home turn, and this will be a great boon to young horses especially. ! The trees are growing apace, and I hope to see a lot more planted this year. In the saddling paddock the couch grass has grown marvel lously, and it is increasing on the track and in every direction. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club has made arrangements with the Railway department which should prove very acceptable to mem bers. For some rime Mr. Bond has been in treaty with the Commissioner of Railways, and by the V. AT.C. paying a lump sum has at lost succeeded in gaining his consent to the conveyance of members and two ladies free to all meetings held under the auspices of the club. This is a concession which members will, I am sure, take advantage of to-day. Jn the advertising columns of The Aus tralasian this week will be found the October and January fixtures of the Sydney Turf Club. The former will take place on Satur day, October 6, a week before the first day of the V. A.T.C. meeting, so that visitors to the Sydney meeting will have ample rime to be present at tne great gathering of the V.A.T.C., which this year promises to be a most interesting affair. The bill of fare for the October meeting consists of six items, the first being the Favourite Plate of 100 govs., six furlongs. Then follow the Hurdle Race, of 100 sovs., and Corinthian Cup, in which only amateurs will be allowed to ride The Sapling Stakes will give the owners of two year olds en opportunity of testing the quality of their candidates for Maribyrnong Plate honours, and as the added money is 300 sovs. the winner will have a nice little plum to commence the season with. A Selling Plate of 100 sovs. and Farewell Han dicap of 200 sovs. complete an excellent pro gramme. The bill for January is even more attractive, the pUce de resistance being the Anniversary Handicap of 600 sovs., with 10 sovs. each, 6 ft, or no liability if declared by day of general entry. The other events are— [ Flying Handicap of 100 sova., Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., January Stakes of 200 sovs., for I two year olds. Selling Plate of 200 sovs., and Ladies' Bracelet, with trophies tor the nomi nators of first, second, and third horses. Well may the secretary exclaim, " How's | this for high!" The winter meetingof the Adelaide Raer Club Will take place on: the 4th and fith August A Grand National Hurdle Race of 160 sova, Mid a Grand National Steeplechase of 200 sovs. wUl torn the leading features of the programme. : While at Gaulfield on Tuesday, I saw several of Mr. Hi OouneUy's youngsters on the course. Wahgunyah, who is not a big bne, was looking remarkably well, and he was followed bl four very useful-looking iuvenUc^. consisting fife black colt by Napoleon from Kitten, JackDaw, by Julian: Avenel from Margery Paw, a' full brother to St Lawrence, and a bay ooltby Mullyan from N&miIa; A filly that I saw on the ground,1 t&id; Fbteh struck me as tho .makings- of a " ' * * was the daughterof King Gladstones ' . I learn that Mr. John Bile has purchase Wee Jim for £200, and Camel tor £14^ while Mr. Gunn has bought Arehifor filOOj-Mr. C. M'Mahon effecting Me. W. L Winter has had Hie bad luck to lose his brood mace Equality, who bad been oh a visit to Hotea. She aifd' a few days ago, and as she was by The Marquis from Egalite, by Angler, Mr. Winter has lost a re markably well-bred animal. . Messrs.!W-H VniJle and Od, rennrt having sold Sir. Hurtle Fisher's well-known pony Teddy to Mr. EL Weeks ; the three- year-ola colt Orion, to the Pastoral Investment Com pany ; the well-known horse Bosworth—fall brother to Richmond, Warwick, Palmyra, and Segeuhoe—to Mr. Matthew Biyant; seven well-bred mares, to Mr. W. R. Virgoe; and have leased to the latter gentleman the stallion Alarm, sire of Blackthorn, Leitham stead, Fright, &c.; I paid a visit to St. Albans during the week, and in another column I give the result of my inspection. I fancy Mr. Wilson will be very dangerous this season, both in the two and three year old races. 1 or the former he will have some of the best-looking young sters that ever graced a racecourse, and I'm satisfied that my favourite, Off Colour, will give a good account of himself in the Derby, Champion Race, ic. I believe Mr. Wilson's string is to be increased by the addition of two or three from Glenormiston, whence came OS Colour. A telegram from Sydney announces that Sir Edward and Rosemary have l>een disqualified for the Hawkesbury Handicap, in conse quence of both being in the forfeit list. The Canterbury Jockey Club (N.Z.) cleared £2,838 by the totalisator, and paid away £8,(176 in stakes, being a large increase on all former years. Mr. T. W. Phillips was so dissatisfied with the weight allotted toBlackthorn in theSteeple chase, that he determined to put him to auction, and on Thuralny he was knocked down to Mr. S. Martin for 200 guineas. The horse lias certainly not been favoured by Mr. Barnard, and he has hardly done so well us Vaulter or Alhambra at the business, yet he is handicapped above them. Hugbenden is a sire that has not been heard much of during his presence in Ausr tralia, but Mr. De Luncy Forth was so pleased with the manner in which his son Dizzy performed at Warrnatubool, and also with the promising youngsters he has seen by the horse, thathe a (vised Mr. M'Kellar to buy him. lie lias also purchased several youngsters by the same herie, and they have all been Temoved to Ballarat. Hughenden is an im ported horse, and on the score of breeding is well entitled to take his place in any stud in Australia, for he is by King Tom from May Bloom by Newmister from Lady Hawthorn. Judging from the stock Fve seen by this horse, I should say he will liecome popular as a sire in Victoria. The curtain has been rung down on the Hubbub-cunt -Hopeless farce, and I suppose we shall hear no more of it, tlie A.J.C. having had a meeting and decided not to take any further action m the matter. Mr. Clibliorn, as secretary of the Aus tralian Jockey Club, was the defendant in a Supreme Court action on Thursday, brought by a man named Webb. It appears that die plaintiff had lieen betting in the paddock, and was asked by a policeman to produce his ticket, wliich he could not do. The police man took him to the secretary, who ordered his removal from the paddock, wliich was effected in double quick time, for which Webb brought an action, and claimed £500 damages. Mr. Clibborn paid one shilling into court as full compensation, but after hearing the evi dence, a verdict was returned for the de fendant The second reading of the bill to repea the Totalisator Act was moved by Mr. J. Gilbert in the South Australian Assembly on Wednesday. The proposer stated that he had received promises from a majority of the members to vote for the repeal of the act, and advanced the old stock arguments against the instrument, while the advocates of the totalisator supported it on the ground of the limitation it placed on the power of bookmakers. Mr. Gilbert's statement that he has a majority of the Assembly with him doesn't look well for the retention of the totalisator. If it is abolished it will hardly lie creditable to Mr. Gilbert and his friends, who, according to the South Australian press, are bound to triumph, as there is an apparent majority against the totalisator. Mr. Cox has decided to hold his first meet ing at Moonee Valley on Saturday, August 11\. He could hardly have selected a prettier nlace for a racecourse, and as he states it is nis intention to have everything carried out en riffle, Moonee Valley will probably be come one of the most popular resorts in the vicinity of the metropolis. The Narandera Turf Club Spring Meeting will take place on the 29th and 30th No vember. Little Jack was despatched to Mauritius by the steamship Natal, and should he be landed all right, I expect to hear of his suc cess in the land of sugar. The Mauritians are good customers to Australia, and I be lieve Little Jack was purchased for the ex press purpose of beating Beadsman, who was not nearly so good a performer as tlie son of King Cole. Avemos is also on the island, but up to the present time he has not realised the anticipations of his friends. The Flcmington correspondent of The Australasian writes:—"There was a good deal of interesting work gone through ol Thursday morning. Mr. Cook was the first to business,and he8ent Anglesey.CoupdeEtat, Ticbbome, and The Nymph for a canter; after which the pair of youngsters rattled along for six furlongs, which they covered in lm. 23s., the colt having the best of it, and he ought to run forward in the Bracelet. Mr. G. Glasscock was working his long string—Blackthorn, Alhambra, iIope;Fickle, Scotchman, and several others^ including a number of hunters, and Obadiah was doing good striding work over three miles on the tan, the balance of Morrison's team working after breakfast, when several of JJuLhorses engaged at the V. A.T.C. meeting did soma strong exercise. The most noticeable were Gambler, Black Prince, mid Pride, engaged in tlie Hurdle Race, the former schooling over the hurdles for a couple of rounds at a rare pace. This horse does young Jellett a deal of credit, for he is much im proved since last year, and be appears in great buckle. Abdullah strode-along-for a good gallop, and others engaged in the steeplechase were .-doing naeral exercise. Cripps had Mariner doing nice exercise, this ■horse looks healthy, and Squireen was striding along in good style. Davies's string were all cantering. Bonnie Bee and Sceptic gallopedtbroetqnartezs of a;mile. Witturd and Whisper were also sent ibr a pipe-opener over tlie Bracelet distanca John Peel, with Botdman and Victreka, rattied along over three- quartem of a mile. Mary and Sta-i tioaer were exercising; and uliont mid day Turretfield, with Forlorn, ran six furlongs at their beat pace, the hurdle horse Hon Pedro Joining them ui-the run home, but die South. Australian did not appear. to relish hit task, for hc left the ground very sore. Daring the monungMr.Sevior treated Bbtwop . to some schooling over the hurdles for a ooupleof timea round. and the son of King of tbe tUngdid Hot disgrace himself, for he went well. "Mr. S. Cook also schooled Basi lisk and The Joker over hwdle^ for abotd < three miles, the pair going a rore jiace aH the .. jS(h* doing work, Napoleon exercising in company , with the steeplechase horse Peter. - ' _While etpSJipg out Flemmgton way on Thursday, l eaned that the trainers well satisfied with the boxes that had been ! bricked, and, I believe, the remainder will be j imnrr»VAf"i in ft mrrvlfur nunnAr. Jonftthui i improved in a mnviar manner. Jonathan j has the tracks in capital order, and has given ; the outer track a costing of tan. The iron j girders for the new stand are on the ground j in readiness to be placed in position, and! tree-planting is to oe indulged in pretty j " ' " ~ ' that Mr. F. F. Dakin'e I freely. I noticed stables were receiving a coat of paint and being thoroughly renovated, and he expects ! to get into his new quarters in about a fort- i oight. Yesterday I received a telegram from the j secretary of the Geeiong Racing Club, an- j nouncing that his committee had determined j to accede to the request of the Sale Turf ■ Club, and postpone the G.K.C. winter meet-, ing to the 9th of August This, however, is , not to be considered a precedent, as in future i the Geeiong club will stick to its original ; fixture, a fortnight after the V.R.G, Grand I National Meeting. J At a committee meeting of the Taem&nian; j Turf C3ub, on the 25th June, the following 1 resolution was passed:—" That Mr. C. S j Agnew, having oeen gnilty of improper be-j haviour towards the stewards of this club, by j having publicly stated they had robbed him j of die Launceston Cup in not upholding his i protest against Kbesus, be disqualified for a ! term of twelve mouths from date, and that | no horse in which he is wholly or partly in- j terested be allowed to run upon the Tas- i manian Turf Club course during the period of disqualification." I regret very much that this extreme step has bedn taken, for the re marks of Mr. Agnew were made "after dinner" in Ilobart I believe, however, that subsequently he refused to apologise, hence the resolution referred to. With Mr. Agnew out of the field, I aon't know what the Tae manians will do, for though a yoan^ man h« is the leading turfite of the island colony. Buzza, Yerdo, Brenda, Egerton, Virago. Yaulter, Muaidora, General Jackson, ana Miller, have arrived to take part in the j V.R.C. Meeting. j I am informed that somebody out Caulfield J way has been shifting the postB on the train-1 ing ground. Mr. Pearson discovered it | through a youngster of his doing what was j considered a wonderful trial, but regarding itI sa too good to be true, he had the distance ] measured, and found it short. If the delin quent can be discovered no doubt he will re-1 ceive his deserts from the Y.A-T.C. I From the same source I learn that Sir! Charles, Liddington, and Bar One have all dona excellent trials, and the best of them will be hard to beat in the Bracelet. ScEiTcni WJS.—V. A.T.C. Goid.Cup—I>onS3va, A soot, Magic. Hurdle Rao©—Game, Matador, Bendigo. Starke. Steeplechase — T&xaraxacum;, Abdxllah, j MiHer, Gieaara, Sonshiae, Euchre, ladies' Bracelet ; —AUancer, Stationer, Chuckster, Turretflekl, Sceptic, j JUt Subblcs. __ | 