?ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ? [By The Ghost.] : Melbotjbne, June 30. Just as, the arrival of the swallows' in the old country and of the. blowfliea in Australia heralds the advent of spring, so 'does the appearance of members of Par liament in the metropolis indicate, tho. approaching , opening of the legislative business of the country. M.P's. may now be seen airing their importance in Oollins street prior to airing- their eloquence in the Oouhcil and Assembly chambers. If rumour is to be credited, the session is, however, to be more devoted to work and less to talk than any former one.- ^Burn ing' questions— rwhioh by the way are by this time pretty well burnt out— are to be allowed to smoulder, and care, taken not to 'allow them to be fanned afresh into a flame. There is/of course, to be a.Rail way Bill, aOiyil Service 'Reform Bill, and a'Harbour Trust Amendment Bill. .'.The, land question, excepting'in so far aa the mallee country ib concerned, is to be let severely alono,and unless. Mr.' Mirama, again' comes to the front with hia tearing fad is to be postponed to', 'a more con venient season. To enumerate ° all the amending measures that are to be brought In : would alone prove. ?sbme- what of an arduous task. If only half of them 'become, law' we shall: be' much ' ' nearer ' legislative . perfection 'than any other country^ save Utopia. 'But although the' political horizon' is at the present moment without a cloud, and. the' barometer is: at ' set fair,' there is. no' saying how Boon a storm may arise. There is an '.uneasy feeling prevalent .in :the minds of members on all sides of the 'House that matters are somewhat ' too. pleasant. Just as weather-wise people are apt to predict that ' it's, too fine to last' when there is nothing but'biright sunshine and cool breezes,so do politicians 'who profess to see some distance beyond their ' noses say that the present calm is. unnatural,1 and that any day the storm, may burst with tropical violence. Whence .th'e hurricane ' will come no one appears 'to be able to foretell. Whether it will arise on the Government or the Opposi tion cross benches,' behind the Ministry or in front of them, is yet a mystery. But c that it' will come sooner or later Beemsto 'be a . foregone, conclusion. Al'Frehch statesman once averred that the unfore seen w'as 'constantly happening. The p'rb cess of 'disintegration, which will ere lbng.'ineyitably set in amongst the Minis terial ' 'supporters,1 may afford '' another illustration of the aphorism.'. .It will be curious to watoh the beginning of the 'end; 'arid ' interesting to. note the. first ?symptoms of the ' ratting' movement. ; Mr, U. a. Jiromby, ex Attorney General for Tasmania, has been having anything but a pleasant time of it at the hands of the Press. Under the guise of delivering a lecture under the title of 'TheEoglish in Ireland,' this selfcon stituted advocate of the Land League has been raking up the scandals of a bygone age, and has hung them up f or ' the delectation of his audiences. When the character of his [ deliverances became known, some of the public halls' he had engaged were closed to him, and he was compelled to seek other places in which to endeavour to sow the seeds of discord. He : managed to inveigle the ordinarily astute town clerk of Melbourne ' into allowing' him the use of the Town' Hall ; but the Daily Telegraph stepped in, and in a leader, in which some very unpleasant epithets were freely used, called upon the Mayor to rescind the permission. This Mr. Dbdgahun accordingly did, much to the disgust and disappointment of the lecturer, who now threatens legal proceedings in consequence of what he terms ' a breach of contract. Should the aggrieved gentle man appear as a plaintiff ia our superior courts of law, it is; to be hoped, for his' own sake at least, ?' that he will be more' successful than when last he figured as a defendant before one of the inferior ones. At the Hotham Petty Sessions,' for not paying a cab fare, he was ordered by the Magistrates to dis burse two shillings with fifteen shillings costs. His ride from the Melbourne Olub to the Hotham Town Hall was thus a somewhat, expensive one. Eight shil lings a mile for a ride in a hansom is a tolerably Btiff price. But then 'cabby' has not the honour every_ day of driving about such an 'illustrious stranger.' Speculation is ' rife as to whether as a rule ' patriots' are in the habit of bilking their cabmen — Mr. Bromby has caused 'patriotism' to be quoted rather low in the market, arid to set some people asking whether some one did not in years gone by describe ihis much besmirohed virtue as ' the last resource of the scoundrel.' At last a uso has been found foi poor, despised, much maligned bunny. The Canterbury Times reports that a Dr. Wiliuns has discovered that an injured cornea in the human eye can be| com pletely restored by substituting for the diseased portion the yisuil' organ of a rabbit What a blessing this willbe to the human race in general, and politi cians in particular, when they shall no longer have a ' blind side !' And what an advantage, too, to the rabbits ! What a noble mission is theirs !, They are to restore sight, to the blind, their corneas engrafted oh the eyes of the sightless re Btoring them again to the light and glad ness of the world. Henceforth lee not every man's hand, as in the past, be against the rabbit. If the 'pests' are to die lot it be as martyrs to science. only. It 'will. , not enhance the flavour of a ragout to 'think that it . hnajr . perchance contain, \ the moans of restoring tho eyo sight to some poor wretch who laoks it. 'The, other Colonies' of the Australasian Etroup' 'are likely; before long—that is if Fijian female humiin . nature resembles that found in other portions of the globo —to be benefited by what is generally termed 'a healthy flow of immigration.' A bill has been introduced into the Fijian Legislature having for its objoct tho abolition of actions for breach of promise of marriage. ' This is' somewhat rough on the gentler sex. Eligible young men may henceforth flirt aft their sweet will and pleasure,' and cohfirmedold bachelors pay ' delicate attention' to' ladies of a certain age without' the fear of .consequences interposing to mnr their pleasure. But why, ' when dealing with tho question '.'it ' is' almost ?&'.' matter for regret, from an experimental point, of view, that- our Fijian, friends did not go in for a thorough reform in' connection with the entire business nf matrimony and its surroundings. Wife deBertion might have been deolared to be no longer anoffencov the laws relating to, divorce repealed, urid all breaches in the marriage contract condoned ' by act of Parliament. This would have paved the way ' for a great social ?'reform.'1 II n'y a phis de maris !. was once a cry raised during one of the' manjj' revolutions experienced in France.' 'Tis somewhat strange to find the sentiment echoed to a great extent in Fiji. .' ? ; : Scandal is not confined exclusively .to country towns and female' coteries. In fact' it iB. somewhat of a moot point whether : lllelbourne is not tho favoured centre of tittle-tattle and its jimesse dbrxaz quite aa ready to propagate 'naughty itoriea' as any set of old women. Of late the. mauvaises langxtes have achieved a triumph. They have driven a young lady, -well known on 'the blook,' 'to take refuge, in, San Francisco to escape their malicious inuendoes. They have coupled her riamo with that of two well known members of the ' upper ten,' one a gallant military officer, and the other a partner in one of our largest mercantile firms. One of . this pair is, however/ a bachelor, so in one respect the tale: bears the stamp of improbabUifcy. Any. way; there is one pretty/little lady 'on the block ' since this] last; little iniquity has been talked about. ? ' ' Our, theatres are, in mercantile par lance, ' inactive.' . Some of the engage ments are; drawing to a close, and some changes of locale are to take plaoe: Miaa Pomeroy goes to England, and Rignold is to migrate from tho Eoyal to tte Opera House. .. The Marion Willis Com pany, that for so long occupied the boards of the Ballarat Theatre, are, under .the chaperonage of that well-known imprcs] sario and manager, Mr. Harry Symoris, about to start for Tasmania and New Zealand. ' Burnt Cork' still more than holds its own; at the Victoria Hall, You see Mrs. Hainpson has for a while ceased ? her services, .and the places ofjamusomenfc have in consequence larger audiences. It is'1 somewhat surprising how it has become a part of some people's existence to leave their homes and 'go somewhere of an evening,' and as they enn't go to hear Mrs. Hampson gratis, they pay to see Miss Pomeroy. ' ? 