$afc$ and ftet&e;& THE MAN IN POSSESSION. (/VtWH Chamber*? Journal) CHAPTER HL As I mnsed for a moment after my dis- ' confiture, the ''gnlT caiistrdction of the roofe, as they appeared to me on the first i Tiew of them, recurred to me. ' The very tiling !' I said to myaeil ' It will be very ' odd if I don't manage to get into that noose again ' ' With me the resolve was to act ; and I , immediately dived into the eb rubbery, in I order to wort my way quietly and nnireen to the back of the premises. It was well that I did so ; tot scarcely waa I concealed by the foliage, when the front door was again opened and George Wintock and Benetti— the tie former bearing a light— stepped oat anon the gravel- walk and began making a circuit of the premises. Holding my breath j and crawling upon hands and kneea into the ; deeper shade, 1 contrived to avoid them. At length apparently «atis6ed, after their ' scrutiny, I overheard enough of their conversation* however, to inform me that it was Benettfa hand that had struck me to the earth. ; I watched the window of George Wintock'B bedroom till I saw by his shadow on the window-blind that he had entered. After a I while, the light wae extinguished, and I concluded that he had retired to rest. I ; knew that he, hia father, and the Italian ?were heavy sleepers, as they were accustomed I to indulge in deep potations at night. How I it it came about that Benetti had discovered and frustrated my scheme, I never would fathom. Having reached that part of the premises which I judged most convenient for my attemDt — a low abutment used as a wood hoose — I lost no time is cautiously climbing on. to its roof, which I wae able to do very | easily, as its lowest edge was not more than ' ?even feet from the ground. Fortunately. ! none of the rooms in which the inmates ' slept looked oat on that particular angle, so i that I did not much fear detection ; if I could ; only make progress noiselessly, and obtain i the higher roof before daylight, I could I bide behind its high parapet. Dark as was : the night or rather morning, it was ; sufficiently light for me to see what I was i about. Slowly and with some difficulty, I ( dragged myself from roof to roof till I | reached a slack of chimneys that rose side by aide a few feet from the parapet, and which I had been belted with an iron girdle, and 1 fastened with thick iron rods to the wall below it. By aid of rods, I managed to reach the parapet just at the dawn began to break. Here I was compelled from Bheer ?exhaustion to lie down a short time and rest nx the leaden patter inside. Truly I was bat in a eorry plight — my apparel spoiled from crawling in the shrubbery, and from clamber ing over the dirty roofs, and saturated with : tile blood that flowed freely from the blow I had received. £ began to feel ertremely faint from exertion, loss of blood, and excite- - meat. What would become of me if strength {ailed me! I might lie and die and rot on discovered me. Yet not for one moment did a thought cross my mind of showing tbe white \ feather and giving up my adventure ; my ! feelings were indeed too overwrought for this, partly an almost blind infatuation for the hapless Miss Wintock, and partly that long ing desire to retaliate, which, whether rightly or wrongly, is generally felt by any one who has been put to kors-de-comljat at an unfair ? advantage. A little rest and the cool fresh morning air creeping through the gutter. With my packet knife I loosened the leaded frame of 'a pane in one of the garret windows aud extracted the glass ; inserting my hand I was was able to undo the catch and obtain ingress. Finding the coast clear I glided softly down to my room, locked myaelf in* bathed my head and face, and taking a pull at my flask of creature comfort, laid myself liowo for a while to rest mv weary bones and aching bead. I was much bruised, yet could not help inwardly chuckling at the surprise tbe Wujtocks and their swarthy coadjutor would experience daring the coarse of the day when they found that, in spite of hie summary ejection. Jack Meredith was once more the Man in Possession. And great indeed was the consternation of Benetti, when on waking about midday and feeling urgent need of refreshment, I walked down into the kitchen where he and Martha were sitting at dinner. Neither beard me *yproach, as I pnrposely trod softly. Martha had just helped tbe Italian to a slice of mutton, when, slipping in, 'I coolly took a chair and seated myself at the table. Both of them started and stared as if I had been a ghost 'Very fine joint of mntton, indeed, Martha — capital \ and so delightfully cooked— not over done. I ehouid so like a taste just where if* so nicely browned on the underside ;' pointing as I spoke. — * Ah !' yon haven't a a third plate. Xeter mind ; III reach you one ;' and I accordingly rose and handed her one from the dresser. The Italian mattered something in his own language, which if traniriafrti would I suspect have been anything botcoTDpUmeutry. 'Extremely happy to seeme ?tyoar social meal no doubt you are friend Benetti'- I reciprocate the sentiment most warmly. Here's to your very good health ' — taking op the ale-jog from the table and fill ing myself a glass. — * Admirable ! Bight good staff '— «mackjng my lips.—' Pray. Martha, don't let tiie mutton go cold ;' seeing that she bad not not 'ompTiM with nay request. ?There's nothing in the world I. dislike so ipq^ti 2& cold mntton. I could see that both were for the moment thunderstruck ; and as I took up my plate and teU it imploringly, Martha proceeded to eat the coveted slice.' 'Now a couple of potatoes and a few greens, with just a dash of gravy.— Thank you Martha, you axe a good eouL I think in future I will always take my meals with you and Benetti, instead of giving yon tbe trouble of waiting upon me op stairs. It will save yon a great many steps, and be so much more comfortable for us all : for it's rather lonely sitting np there by one's self so much.' My companions were at first disposed -to be rather grumpy ; bat seeing that I was determined to be on good terms with myself and them, and we conversed amicably, though reservedly. I could see, however, by their occasional ely glances at my physiognomy, that both, and especially the Italian, derived considerable gratification in noting how severely I had been punished. Acting upon my promise, I did not, during the remainder of the time I Btayed at Brite leigh HalL trouble Martha to wait upon me, having one object in view, namely, the discovery of Miss Wintock's whereabouts. I did not think it probable that she still j occupied the same room above my sleeping ' apartment, or she would have devised some method of giving me at least a hint of it Every night I was at my old post the window. In vain I whistled and bummed every tune I was acquainted with. In vain I looked up to catch some slight token of her presence, i felt that she was not there. She knew her case to be desperate ; and if the window were fastened, failing other means, would doubtless have shivered a pane of glass as a signal. Yet was I convinced that she was confined Bome where in the upper part of the mansion ; and for tbe following reasons. Firstly, when 1 essayed to go up into the lumber room on the following morning after I effected my second entrance, I found the door at the top of the etaircase locked, thus precluding all communication with the upper suite of apartments except by the back or servant's staircase. It wae not so on the previous morning when the inmates thought me so safely shut out, as I passed through it on get ting down to my chamber. Hence there must be a motive is endeavouring to prevent me from exploring them. How I wished I had made tbe circuit of the roof and peeped into every attic through the window before descending to my own room : and yet I felt I had acted for the best, as my strength would not have held out much longer. Secondly, I took occasion to observe that old Martha when she thought herself unperceived, often put aside some of tbe best portion of her viands, as if for some other person. With these she would suddenly disappear, but always in the evening. I contrived to ascertain that she invariably made for the back staircase I and arranged my plan, desperate as it was, | accordingly. It was destined to be put into execution much earlier thafi I anticipated. The fifth morning after my clamber over the roofs, Mr. Wintock sent for me into his own room. As I entered, I fancied a smile of suppressed triumph flashed his countenance. Addressing me in a grandeloqaent sneering style, he said : ' Good -morning, Mr. Meredith. I am sorry that your stay at Briteleigh has been so protracted. Bat what cannot be helped most be endured. I have been able to arrange my little affair with yoor principal, and consequently your presence here can now be dispensed with. I shall be glad if you will leave the premises at once. ' Taken aback, I was at a loss for a momen or two for words to answer, as, from what I ha/fl heard previously to my coming to Brite leigh, I had not the remotest idea that Mr. Wintock would have been able to liquidate the heavy demand upon him. Had Miss Wintock at last, thoroughly crashed and broken in spirit, acceded to one of bis propositions, and either consented to become the bride of hia sou, or signed some document that gave bim absolute power over her property ? The thought was horrible yet it might be so ; for as I had not been able to efl'KCt any communication with her since that unfortunate night, her energies physical and mental, might have collapsed in despair. Mr. Wintock, seeing that I was damb founded, at once followed up his advantage. 1 I wish to make one observation before you arrangements of my family since yon have been in the house, b^tb intruding upon the privacy of a voting lady resident here, and in endeavouring to facilitate her escape from her natural guardians. Possibly you may not be aware that the lady in question was s dangerous lunatic* aud that a degree of wholesome restraint ie absolutely necessary for her well-being and safety, though at times sbe may bave apparently lucid intervals. I have no doubt you were misled by the craft peculiar to that sad affliction ; hence I am disposed to make due allowance for yoor extraordinary conduct. Otherwise, I should feel justified in employer, which would probably result in do very agreeable consequences to yourself. I may add for yoor satisfaction, that the young lady will shortly be placed in a suitable establishment were ebe will be properly cared for. I hope, however, ss you are a young man, that a doe consideration of the extremely absurd manner in which you have acted, and the Blight inconvenience yon hare suffered ' — here, with a bland smile, he passed his hand over the upper part of his self more discreetly in future, ' He looked me foil in the face and wired bis hand towards the door. How I repressed the fierce tempest of passion Hia- inwardly shook me, I cannot teU. ' Sir,' I replied as calmly as I was able, ' I am not in a position to doubt your words but*— — ' Bat what !' he angrily demanded. ' I tell you, man, 1 posted » cheque for ttie amount last evening, and that I expect a discharge and receipt by to-morrow's post. Will that comply with your wishes,* * You were ready enough, however, to leave it to suit your own insolent purpose V he hotly spurted oat. ' Bat one day will not make much difference, I daresay ; therefore, to morrow be it.' . I bowed, and withdrew to the kitchen, m diRoant. bewildered, and witk a- sickening sensation at the heart. I «' completely foiled aud beaten. 'The last night Ishall be here— yoong lady mad—confined in a mad house— tell my employer— alight incon venience,1 kept echoing through my brain, tilt I felt dizzy with the whirl of confused though, and mechanically passed my handover my face as Mr. Wintock had done. The remembrance of the indignity enraged me; beyond endurance ; and I detennmed if human craft conld accomplish it, that I would trace out Miss Wintock that very night aoi ascertain from her own lipa whether, when I left the honse. I could do anything for her. Might not a solicitor, npon proper representation, take her case in hand, and forcibly obtain the release of her person from the fiends who now held her in confinement ? Doubtless much energy ana skill would be required ; but the strong arm of law was or ought to be all-powerfnL Yes ! I would «ee her. Old Wintock might Btorm and rave as he liked. I should bid him farewell on the morrow ; and if he tried to injure me with my employer, I hoped ray statement woo Id be believed ; and if not— anpposing I got my discharge, and was thrown out of work — the world was wide, and I should be a kind of martyr in a good cause — the cause of beauty in distress. Patting fl good face on matters, I told old Martha and Beonetti that I was to depart on the morrow, as Mr. Wintock had settled all claims npon him. It was evident by the covert smile on the face of each that the intelligence gave them great satisfaction. In the course oE the evening I sauntered oat of idie kitchen as if to go to my room ; and do doubt, as I bade them good-evening, they concluded I bad retired for the night Inwt**ad of doing so, I quietly Btepped up the back staircase. Here, as in the other there waB a door at the top, which ahut tbe upper range of apartments from the lower. Tbe staircase itself, however, was much darker. This door was also locked, confirming my suspicions that Miss Wintock was above stairs. Ab is pfapii the case in ancient mansions, there were several nooks and recesses in the old circular staircase. With* in one of these, on tabe ^aTn1inp, I ensconced myijelf and waited patiently. I did not much fear discovery, as old Martha's sight was none of tbe quickest, and she usually wore a bconet and shawl of an evening as she suffered dreadfully from rheumatism. At length 1 saw her coming, hobbling slowly up the stairs, and bearing a lighted candle and a covered dish. * AU right, Jack, my boy ; you're on the right scent,' said I to myself. ' Lie close V And close I did lie as ever a weasel in a bole. Old Martha reached the landing, pat down her dish and candle, drew the kef from her pocket, and proceeded to unlock tbe door. Then entering with her burden — which she again pat down for a minute inside — was about to relock it, when I emerged from my hiding-place and stepped in also, shutting the door after me. The old dame turned deadly pale and wonld have screamed, but my hand was on her moath. I learned that trick from Benetti tbe night Miss Wintock was forcibly carried away from my * Now, my dear soul, don't make a riot, because there's no need for it. I hi^ip you o(» harm, and wouldn't hurt a hair of your old gray head for the world. I only want a little private conversation with you. — There, now ' — taking the key from her trembling hand, and transferring it to my own pocket, after locking tbe door — 'we can have it all ruption. It? no use, Martha,' I added Bternly, seeing that she waa about to remonstrate, * It's my turn for a little while now. What is the use of yon calling out t No one can possibly hear yon.1 Martha's teeth chattered and her knees trembled. ' What is it you want with me, man?' she asked. * ^ow, be civil, old lady. ' No '' maon i°S.' if you please. Just take up the dish and candle, and I will bear you company. I lady. * I caxmot I I davt not '. Mi. Wintock wonld kill me. ' 'Stuff! He'll do nothing of the kind. Besides, he is not obliged to know anything about it, unless yon are silly enough to Old Martha bent as it to pick op the dish and candle. There was a slight noise below. Possibly Benetti had returned for a moment into the house for something. lu an instant her mouth was at tbe keyhole ; she was aboutto shriek for assistance ; bat I waa too quick for her. * Yon treacherous old beldam, ' I whispered, ' if yoa try that dodge again, 111 gag you.— Now, just listen to me, I know all about the rascally doings io this house. I know that Miss Wintock is forcibly confined some where in one of the attics. She is no more insane than I am ; bo that tale will not serve Mr. Wintock'e purpose. To-morrow, I'm off to sky, till £ Bet the authorities on the London ; and 111 move earth, and sea, and right track to fiind and release her. I know Mr. Wintock's motive — her property. He won't have a feather of it to fly with ; he ie more likely to land in jail. You shall come in for your share of punishment in illegally **on^T'ng her. Let me see hex for a few moments, and I promise you ou the word of a man that whatever transpires yoa shall be held free from blame.' After some further expostulation on her part, and renewed threats and promises on mine, Martha took her dish and candle, and proceeded to Miss Wintock1 ?apartment. I kept close to her. eyeing keenly ever* movement; for I felt that if only half a chance occurred die would play me *«*— _ Never ahaU I forget tbl sight that ™««iited itself ooniy«»teringMisB Wlntockfe noste effectually preventea her from mo«^J SSpttito .limited *re». ™* «?»»«* wu strongly -»rred °a '» »«?'«.?='» '» \ SdTWienrfy toteced. In this remote / room, at the top of the house, there wa» * not the slighted; opportunity of conunmuort ^M^n'ot^-^I eave on first entering the room, and commenced a hypocritical whimpering. ? Indeed. Mr. Meredith, it's no Unit of mine, nor could I hdn it. Tis »U the muter1* doings and Mr. G5r£a, S I am too old and feeble to do anything bat obey orders. ^SOence, woman !' I sternly retorted, as I thrust her into the only chair m the room. IbI advanced to the side of the poor sufier inc and fll-used young lady. %he deih-like pallor of her countenance, the drooping of her long a»rk eyeUshes, »nd the lisUesTroIUng of the languid eyes, evinced the intense mental anguish that racked her. The instant her eyes rested on me, a sharp faint cry of joyful recognition escaped her, and she stretched out her hand. In the tumult of my distracted feelings I seized rt warmly to my lips. A flush came rushing into her neck and face until she crimsoned to the temples. The next instant ute -ma lE possible even paler than before, and her short rapid breathing told of excitement under which she laboured. 'Oh, Mr Meredith — I was afraid that— 1- thonght— I hoped you would not desert me,' ^^tbile I hare life, dear Mi Wintock,' was the prompt reply. While I spoke, my pocket- knife was out, and I was sawing like a maniac, at the cond to eerer Old Martha began to wring her haade and to remonstrate, but her remonstrances L speedily checked. The cord was speedily cat through %. and gently raising Miss Wintock into a aittw posture, I asked: 'Are you able to stand? ? Yes ; thank you very, much. At least HI try.' She gave me one glance of appeal ing trustfulness and burst into a passionate fit of weeping, ? Oh, take me away with, you from this horrid place! I shall go really mad ; I know I shall ; I am now almost. Oa, my poor brain. I' I tried my utmost to Boothe her. Even old Martha aided me. Perhaps her womanly feeling wae toadied ; for I believe ehe waa more the unlucky victim and tool of circumstances than of an intrinsically bad and hardened nature. She produced her old fashioned smelling bottle, and bathed Miss Wiotock'e hands and face, and induced her to eat some food she had brought ; and I pnrsoaded her with some difficulty, to take a sip or two from my whisky flask, which I had previously put tn my pocket in case of emergency. At length the young lady became calmer. Bat I saw that it woald be necessary to use extreme caution, or she would Buffer a relapse, as she continued to entrest me in the most pathetic language not to leave her again in tbe power of the Wintocfcs. I looked at my watch; it wanted abost twenty minutes to nine. Precisely at nine in readiness for the evening ride, Mr. Wintock's gig and mare would be in the yard near tbe side-door, and Mr. George's horse shortly afterwards. Mr. Wintock woald probably, as he often did, keep bis gig waiting tQI a quarter past. George Wintock wonld be off shortly afterwards. Though I had spoken so confidently to Martha, I was not at all sore that some unlncky accident might not intervene if I remained where I was. Benetti might miss Martha. In fact I was terribly uneasy, and in a sad dilemma. Stay where I wae for any length of time, I dared not. Leave Miss Wintock in her present satte of mind, I could not. Indeed, I think she would have attempted to force her way with me, had I shown any indication of leaving her. A hasty and perbapa rash resolve took possession of me. If I could only get Miss Wintock below and conceal her until the departure of the Wiutocks, we might succeed in getting away unseen to the village, where I hoped to house her safely and obtain assistance in protecting her ; for surely none who knew her woald refuse to aid ; and even if discovered I should only hare the Italian to deal with. Oar time had been singularly ill-chosen before. We had waited till both Mr. Wiotocfc and his eon had returned home be {or*; makiiig oor attempt. I again bent over Miss Wintock and asked : ' Do you think you could walk a little ?'— at the tame time giving her a meaning look. The rapid glance of intelligence with which 6he replied reassured me. 'Sow Martha,' I said, 'I am extremely obliged to yon for what you have done ; and depend upon it you shall not be forgotten. But I most have the loan of your bonnet for a little ;' removing the one from her head and the other from her shoulder*. —'Its no use to resist old lady ! A wilful man must have his way, and so you may as well be quiet. Now, sit down in that chair ^- aud don't stir unless I bid you, for time u T precious—Ton my word, Miss Wintock, that bonnet becomes you as well as it doe* Martha;' placing it ou her head. ? Either a left-handed compliment to you though. There; tuck up your hair safely out of tight in tbe crown ; dout ahow muy of. it oniiy account Now for the shawl; dose Dp to the *r«t-so Here's .pin. Ifcat will do admirably. I dedans 1 .houM not know you from Martha herself at a yard1, distance, B I ii '« «* y.°'r 'eatores.-Now. Martha, old girl, I'm just goii* to look you in the room a little whOe-only to a little while you know, tor I will leave tin door on the landing open. Beurtti wffl be lure to Bud. you by-and-by; a*, tf yon don't nuke your sppearsace below, he will no doabt eeek yon ben, guessing that something has happened, tffcy, Martha,' u ehe rose from her feet in gnat trepidation ; 'I don't wish to do any thing uogentlemanly. I do no not at all fear yoor giving any alarm at the window ; it is tc^strongly barred for yon to force it. You inuldn't like to take Miss Wintock'B place I ouppose ?* pointing to the pallet from which I bad released her. 'Very well. Then keep -piiet and no harm aball come to yon of this. Yon can tell Mr. Wintock yon were overcome by stratagem and force, if yon like. We will leave yon the light, we can do better without it' The bint was sufficient. Perhaps, too, in tier heart the old creature might not be nn vflling that her charge eboald escape. Before I bad done speaking, Miss Wiotock and I were ont in the long corridor. The door was locked on old Martha ; while Miss Wintock carried the dish and cover, to enable her to impersonate Martha as faithfully as possible. 'Now for it once again,' I said to my companion ; * And I bust with better lock. Bat yon mast be as cool as yon can, and keep your wits about yon. A hitch now will spoil ?all]; for I fear this is yoor last and only chance. Whenever yon feel inclined to faint, think of yoor liberty or a lunatic asylum.' * Do not fear me/ she whispered. ' I will do my utmost or fail in the attempt. They shall not tear me from yon a second time.' ' Very good. Be as quick as you can till we reach the last turn at tbe bottom of the stairs. Then, if the coast is clear, I will go forward and reconnoitre.' Hnrriedly whispering those and other binta, I led her to the torn of the stairs, and then went forward by myself, A few seconds -afterwards, Martha's double came down and limping down and along the passage into the scullery as directed. The impersonation w*s excellent and complete, and bat for the serions stake at issue, I could hare jangbed outright. However, this was no time for indulgence in levity, bnt for the nerve, watchfulness, and action. Tbe outer door of the kitchen passage stood ?open. Beoetti usually left it so while he went oat to get the horses and vehicle ready for his masters. I stole softly towards it, to get a bird's-eye view of what might be going on without, endeavouring to arrange some definite plan of proceeding. A. rapid fiance informed me that the elder Wintock had not yet departed. The gig, with the fine high-bred mare he was accustomed, stall stood in die yard. The animal was a noble specimen, of great strength, speed, and spirit ; bat would stand as quietly as a Iamb in the hall-yard while awaiting his master's pleasure, though it required a strong band to hold the ribbons when once upon the road. Beoetti was busy in tie stable saddling and bridling Mr. George Wintock's horse. I beard bis * Whoa, Dandy !' and other ejacu lations less amiable, in bis broken English as the *'*nrp^ seemed to be giving him much trouble. In another five minutes he would bring him oat into the yard equipped ready for his rider. ' Instantaneously an idea whizzed through my brain like a flash of light, upsetting wfiat cver of echeme or intention I might have already termed. In a second I was at the scullery-door. ' Whist ! Now— quick. Here ; take my arm. Jump into the gig the instant yon reach it. Trust to me {or the net.' Miss Wintock looked up at me in wonderment, bat immediately obeyed. Oat at the open door and across the yard with Miss Wiotock on my arm. ' In with yon miss ; for dear life !' She needed do second admonition, but half lifted by me, sprang nimbly into tbe vehicle. I -was about to follow but as ill-lock would have it, we were not to get away so easily. The mare, hearing our footsteps, had begun to paw the ground, impatient of delay ; and the face of Beoetti immediately appeared at the stable-door. Probably be thought bis master I should have been unconscious of the fact ; bat in stepping into the gig. Miss Wintock slightly turned her head and caught sight of the Italian's Bivarthy visage. Her short suppressed cry and eager finger at once pointed out to me tbe cause of her terror. Benettd comprehended tbe state of affairs at the first glance, and with a fierce whoop, came rushing at full speed to seize the mire's bead. There was no time for me to mount. Stepping forward a pace or two and exerting my utmost f-treogtb, I dealt him a buffet that fairly balanced that which he had dealt me at tbe hall door, followed up by a kick upon the ehins, as he staggered backwards and fell literally yelling with agony. Tbe mare snorted and began to more. Snatching the reins, I sprang into the gig ; and had just cleared tbe yard as George Wintock came rushing oat to ascertain the cause of tbe disturbance. 