OUR VOLUNTEERS The Rifle Regiment paraded at 2'30 p.m.1 on Saturday for a whole- day parade, there being' 60 on parade in undress uni form.- The officers present were Major Aikenhead (commanding officer), Captains Room and Martin, Lieuts. Fairthorne, Susman, and Mobkirk. After haying been minutely inspected, the regiment was exercised in guard mounting and re lieving guard drill, and the method of posting and relieving sentries and chal lenging. After having been put through the manual exercise, the regiment was dismissed at 4*30 p.m. A match will take place at. the Rifle Butts, on Wednesday, the 7th prox., be-r tween 10 men of No. 1 and No. 2 com panies. . The ranges to be 200, 500, and 600 yards, Snider Rifle, 7 shots at each distance. The following are the selected teams : — No. 1 Company. — Capt. Room, Sergt. Howe, Sergt. Sams, Corpls. Irvine, Home, i Wakeham, Vols. Guttridge, Gee, Ford.Brown.— -Emergency, Corpl. Beasley, Vol. Biggs. No. 2 Company. — Oapt. Martin, Lieut. Hobkirk, Col-Sergt. Connelly Sergt. T)ooley, Sergt. Martin, Corpl. Baird, Corpl. Blundell, Vol. MiLennan, Jno. , Vol. Harrisson, Vol. Field. Emergencies — Sale, Read. . '?''?? The/Artillery Corps fell in at 2'15 p.m., for a whole day parade, when there ? was a very fair . muster, but the weather greatly marred the gun-drill.' After the corps 'had been minutely inspected' by Captain G. T. Collins, arms were piled, and the corps broken up intothreedetach ments, for repository, garrison, and field pun drill, under Lieut. G. E. Harrap, Sergeant-Major TJrears.and Martini. A down-pour of rain compelled the guns to be run in, and Ihe remainder of the drill was carried on under cover, Lieutenant Harrap having one detachment for gar rison gun-drill under the gun-shed, and the other, under Sergeant Brears, f or the oretical instruction in the gun-room, Captain Collins gave notice that , a .shell practice would be held on Noveraber.9th. with field-guns. Six detachments will be picked, snd. prizes will be shot for. This regiment, paraded at the Volun teer Buildings at 3 p.m. Wednesday for a half day's daylight drill, there being about 60 of all ranks present, the officers being Major Aikenhead, Captains Room and VTartin, and Lieutenants Gould and Fairthorne. Twenty rounds of blank cartridge .were served out to each man, and the regiment, marched out the Wel lington-road to Lawrence's paddock, the two companies separating at the All tho Year Round public-house. The programme of the evolutions to be carried out was that No. 2 Company, under Captain Martin, was to represent an attacking force advancing from the direction of the Punchbowl bush, while No. 1 Company, under Captain Room, represented a force defending the town, taking up a position at the back of Gal vin Town to await the enemy's approach. The details, however, of the attack and defence were left to the two captains to exercise their judgment upon. Captain Room and his force took up a position on the, new road above Mulgravo- street, and after a 'short pause to allow Captain. Martin time to. take up his posi tion threw out scouts, and commenced to feel for the enemy. Captain Martin ad^ vanced up the Sandhill, and crossed the head of Lawrenca's paddock, and gained : the hipth ground above. Captain Room had advanced his men cautiously for about 500 yards, when Corporal Irvine signalled the enemy in sight, and they showed plainly over the orest of the rise, slowly advancing. The right half com? pany of No. 1, under Lieutenant Gouldj advanced firing in general line, supported by the left half company, under the command of Colour- Sergeant Church. No. 2, under Captain Martin, adr vanced firing, the men displaying great intelligence, and taking advantage of , all cover in their route, until they arrived' at the fence near the Sandhill- road,, when Captain . Martin's men poured a vigorous fire, to cover the ? adr vance of a party of the attacking force under Lieutenant Fairthorne, who had ? left the main body and unobserved, had ' come down Hampton Vale, and executed a flank attack on the defence force, this little manoeuvre being executed with' great tact and ability. Captain Room wheeled round a wing to meet the flank ' .:? attack, but his force was then placed, under cross fire, and in actual warfare would have been completely disorganised - and destroyed. The ' cease firing' was: then Bounded, and the regiment re-formed and marched back to the Volunteer Build ings, Major Aikenhead putting the men through various movements on the return march. Before dismissal, Major Aiken^ head explained the error in the tactics of the, defending corps, ' The next half-day , parade will be held to-day. i A Fatal Shot. — We mentioned some weeks ago that a railway fireman in New. Zealand was shot when on duty on the 23rd August, as the train was passing through a cutting on the DunedinInver cargill railway, and that two respectable lads named James and Alexander Roy, - who had been out rabbit shooting, had been committed for trial on the charge, of manslaughter. They were tried at the , Dunedin Supreme Court on 3rd October, and the evidence showed that the two shots heard, when the fireman Henderson was killed, were fired under circumstances which made the result purely accidental. ? The firing, was simply to amuse the. younger boy, who had been forbidden' by his parents to fire a gun, and it was a strange fatality that, the first time he fired' a gun the result should have been so deplorable. His brother had endeavoured to remove the shot before1 the gun was fired, but it was quite clear that his effort in this direction was abortive. The boys merely wanted to make a row, and their object could have been attained without' wasting any shot. The jury returned a verdiot of guilty, with a strong recom mendation to mercy, and his Honor said that to this he should give the fullest weight consistent with his duty to the. public. The younger of the lads was released upon security being given that he would come before the Court for sen-] tence if called upon, and the elder one' was sentenced to two months' imprison ment without hard labour. '''?;?.' Charge of Heresy. — The Rev. John :' Osborne, minister of the York-street' ' Wesleyan Church, Sydney, announced, to a crowded congregation on Sunday nij?ht, : states an Argus telegram, his approaching departure and intended resignation, owing to a serious difference in religious views with the other ministers of the Wesleyan body, who . were determined to compel . him to resign. It was, he said, patent that ' if he did not resign he would be ex pelled. He could assure his hearers that it required all his strength of mind and will to prevent him from saying any thing severe, bat in the exercise of the Christian spirit of charity which he advo cated, he could forbear. It was sufficient for him to' say that two laws of Method ism had been broken, first in the publi- ' cation in a secular paper by the Maitland district of a fierce resolution passed at their meeting, after thoy had tried and executed him without hearing his de-. fence ; and secondly, in the failure of his accusers to give him notice of their inten tion to make the oharge they had made last week. He knew nothing about the matter . until it was sprung upon him from a corner of the church. He felt he had a great work to do in Sydney, an j ' he intended to do it. There waa one thing he wished his congregation to know, and that wa3 that his predecessor, the Rev. J. Oram, had raised up his voice . ' ? against his being sent out of that church, and. was one of those '. who had voted against the resolution giving effect to that purpose. ? ' : ; : Another Murder in the New He brides. — Another murder is reported from the New* Hebrides, The Argus special correspondent, 'The Vagabond,' writing from Tanna on September : 28, . . says : — Matthieu Ferry, a residentFrenoh ' ?'- . copra trader, was killed by the natives of Oaba about the middlo of September. According to the latest accounts H.M.S. Dart and Diamond were still at Api, at tempting to bring to justice the murderers of the Government agent and mate of the Queensland labour ship Lavina. Com mander Moore had landed. 100 men and a howitzer, and|a regular war was going on/' ?.Typhoid' Fever.— An epidemic _ of typhoid fever has broken out in the little township of OreBByj and wo are sorry to learn that several ' cases of a malignant form have occurred. This ia twice within the last three months that typhoid fevor has appeared in thia township, and we understand that the Warden of the Municipality of Longford iB making en/ deavours to deal with the causes of the out ' break. ' With reference to tho above a coj respondent writes .: ' Permit me to state th it for some full six months tho disease his been very prevalent at Creasy townshp, but whether referable or not to loial causes is open for the faculty to reilly .determine, who dp understand cause tnd \- effect in this particular. In three or bur families within the radius of the cents of the township; the malicious influen/e of sickness has been experienced, whil/ the cause has been continuous, not fcwico within three months as the parigraph states ; and it must be remarked hat it has not travelled outside the confnes of the township ; and be it remenbered ttat attention was called to thU at, the outset, but was pooh-poohed by iioseinv terested, but time has told its tae. And we very much question whetherche War den of the- municipality, now ltoving in the matter, is adopting the mist proper course to stem or eradicate' the fever called, by so many : names. /Councillor Basil: Archer oDe month ago, it the Coun cil's last sitting, recalled its (Mention to ' continued complainings,'' fld thi3 week we find the Superintendent d Police, as inspector of nuisances, dirsted to visit and, report. Butit:is veryjhuch feared, nay, positively asserted, ; by medical authority, that the remedjsuggested by such official will very muclhelp to spread ?? the germ of the disease /n an enlarged growth both far and widej- making plenty of work in the coming ho/season for the doctors. lam ass u rod o; this as a pain ful fact by a medical/gentleman. Of course it is well to dealyithHhe causes of outbreak or its extension but prevention , in the future will not hial the sickness of the present., I believ-/the best emollient | we; have had come to/ur aid is the gra cious health-giving slowers, vin season, of the last day.or two. ' ' \ .. Supreme OouRT.r-In consequence^ of their .being no casesaet down for hearing at'the next civil sitings, of . the Supreme Court 'at Launceton, which was?i to be opened on 6th November, the Court-will not sit on that /ate. According to our fiobarl corresjondent's telegrams the opening of the criminal sittings has been altered from -Thursday the 8th to Wed nesday the /th November, ,whioh will: 1 render the ..sittings less liable to clash J with; the riiblic. holiday on the 9th, the I Prince of Wales's birthday.! -,', .-.-,?? Digging up Gold in the Streets of Ballarat.— The Ballarat Star of last Thursday states that a gold discovery was made on the previous day iu Peel-street north, by some men whoiwere digging a trench for a water, pipe near the railway arch. At the :depth of about four feet some wash was met with which contained large boulders. . An inspection of these boulders disclosed the faot that they car ried gold, some pieces being observed almoBt as large as peas. It is thought from the locality that it is maiden ground. The Late Mr. James Tait;— By the death of Mr. James Tait, at the age of 75 years, we have lost one who has been identified with the port of Launceston and Tasmania for some considerable time, his connection with the, pilot service here extending over thirty years. De ceased was at one time mate of the Government cutter Charlotte, and, was also first officer of the Government brig Frederick, 100 tons, when that vessel was seized by convicts. This affair, which is now almost forgotten, occurred on Jan. 11th, 1834, and the vessel was at the time on the way round to Launceston with the last batch of convicts from Macquarie Harbour, upon the breakiag up of that penal settlement. The Frederick anchored in Port Sorell Bay, and it being a calm day, the soldiers went out fishing in the ship's boat. The convicts rose, overpowered those left on board, and turning them adrift, escaped in the vessel to the South Seas, whence they were eventually brought back. Upon leaving his, position in the brig, Mr. Tait became a pilot on the River Tamar, in which ser vice he was very well known. The funeral of the deceased, which took place yesterday afternoon was well attended, amongst those present being representa tives from our shipping circles, mer chants, and others. The flags of the vessels wore again half-masted yesterday out of respect to the late Mr. Tait. Hot Weather in England. — A Lon don paper states that during one week in August the heat was so great at Aldershot as to prevent any parades, save ? those of merejrdll-call. JEven at so early an hour as 7 'am. the atmosphere had been so' close, and there had been such a want of air, that tho men were unable to do more than fall in their places, anything like marching or moving in close bodies being almost impossible. Many of the officers and ;men 'who have served in India de clared that they never felt tho heat so much in that country as they have in the camp during tho middle days of the month of August. 'Death op the Belgian Fasting' Grab. -^Louise Lateau, the Belgian fasting girl, who waa said- to bear the marks of the Crucifixion, is dead. j Hospital Case. — A man named Church /pas cutting wood at the Fingerpost on Monday morning, using a heavy English axe, when it slipped and out the big toe of the right foot, nearly severing it from the foot. He was taken to the EoBpital on Monday, where the limb was dreRsed, and he is now progressing' favourably. Royal Society. — We have received a copy of the compiled papers and proceed ings of the Royal Society of Tasmania for 1882\. Several interesting and lengthy papers by Mr. R. M. Johnston, F.L.S., .on the different varieties of fish in Tasmania, are included. Mr. G. M'ln tyre in a paper on the state of surveys in Tasmania, condemns the system in use hero for the following reasons : — It is not based upon triangulation ; the sectional surveys are built up, one upon another, across large areas of country ; the Burvoys are not subject to any mathematical check; there is no systematic fiold in spection ; the limit of error allowed is so great as to preclude anything ? like ac curacy ; in tho cities and towns there are no standard survey lines laid down ; the surveys are made to independent magnetic meridians ; and, finally, the office plans and, compilations are constructed entirely uponthe'building up' system, without the check afforded by tho connection of surr veys with accurately-determined trigono metrical stations. Five other papers are contributed by Messrs.' R. M. Johnston, E. Etheridge(JHn.), F.G.S.', Jas. Barnard, Lieutenant Beddome, I.N., and W. F. Petterd. ' .:.' .??'?. The Cape Clear. —At the- . Marine Board meeting Tuesday,, the Master Warden, Captain Gilmore, stated that he had received notice to the effect that the Cape Clear, s.b., from London, . was to come up the river to Launceston with about fifty tons of cargo, whioh she in tended to discharge here., As her length was considerably greater than any of the other vessels trading here, there would be considerable danger of her getting on the mud in turning Stephenson'a Bend and. other sharp corners, thus blocking the channel. He thought she should be made to stop at Rosevear'a, and the cargo lightered up. ? He thought she mighty be got up to the bar if the. tug were in atten dance to assist her in turning. Warden: Ditcham followed in the same strain, stating that the vessels of the size of the Cape. Clear could pot ascend the Yarra. He thought she might safely be got as far as Rosevear's. The length of the Cape Clear is 291 feet, and her draught of water about 20 feet. It is clear, therefore, that she could not cross the bar and muBt re main below it, blooking in a great mea sure the traffic on the river. The matter was finally left in the hands of the Master Warden. ... .-. .- .-? -, Street Items. — On Tuesday a woman named Sarah Browne slipped on the: cement pavement when coming out of a- shop in Briebane-street, and fell heavily, fracturing her right . thigh.'; Assistance was afforded by some passers-by and a. constable; who witnessed the' accident, and the sufferer was conveyed to theHos pital, where the injured limb was set by Dr. Thomson. In the evening a horse at tached to a wagonnette bolted from the ? George-street stand into Brisbane street, but with commendable promptitude. Con- stable :J. Wilkins .managed to arrest the frightened animal in time to prevent a' collision with a vehicle that was coining in an opposite direction. ' -. .-! . : i The Immigrants. — Another, .batch . oft the Cape Clear immigrants arrived .Tues day by the expreas train from Hbbart.. There were about 50 in all, adults: and children, and they have been lodged at Bishop's Temperance Hotel,, wharf, where about 100 of the Gape Clear, immigrants have now been provided for, and it is highly satisfactory, to note. that all express themselves as being very comfortable, one of them saying it ' was like a little heaven,'? after what they had been used to on ' iboard ship. . The comfortable quarters fitted up for .the, immigrants at the old Brickfield's Depot in.Hobart have not yet been utilised, the hiring that has been done having been carried on on board the Cape Clear, and the Launcea ton consignments. ?? transhipped , direct from, the steamer, those; arriving yester day being even sent away by the 8 a.m. train without any breakfast. Another family arrived by the evening train, and went to Bishop's. Hiring hours,' and the trades of those epen for engagement will be found in another column. The Speaker op the House of Com mons.— Sir Henry Brand is really a man of ' marvellous physique. He is, in his : seventieth year, and has spent a busy life . in politics. Even a Prime Minister can sleep through a tedious debate : a Speaker must be sleepless. When debate is most tedious there is most fear of irrelevance. Sir Henry,, however, somehow keeps himself wide awake. And when ha is most busily engaged he finds time for exercise. A little while ago the House sat until the full dawn, and Sir Henry was the last to leave it. Imagination conceived of - him as under the sheets at noon next day. Wot a bit of it! He might have been met, and was met, at half-past ten in thecity, with his cigarette between his lips, taking his morning walk arid doing a little business1 on his own account ; .and he looked then fresher than .most of 'the men around him. It really seems as though the way to get a capacity for work is' to get seventy years of age. :Launoeston Telephone Exchange. — Mr. M. Fahey is progressing with the erection of the poles for the above, and on Tuesday the second of the great poles to take the strain of the numerous wires at the principal, angles was erected and firmly bedded in concrete, at the cornor of Brisbane and St. John- streets. These poles, with their numerous oross arms covered with insulators and wires, will certainly not add to the beauty, though they may to the business like appearance, of our streets. They are 28ft. long and 12in. square at the butt, and a third has yet to be erected at . the, ? corner of Tamar and Cimitiere streets, the intermediate poles being somewhat lighter. It has been asked why the department do not use the street cables instead of the numerous single wires, but we believe, there is a difficulty in obtaining it from England, the demand exceeding the supply, but that an order for a mile and a half of street cable, containing 14 wires, was Bent home some months ago, and will be utilised; upon arrival.. , -, Derwent Electorate.— A writ, was. issued on the 29th ult., .for the eleotion of a member of the Council, to fill the vacancy caused by the retirement of the hon. Mr. Gellibrand, M.L.O. Nomina-. tioos close on the 10th of November, and., in the event of more, than one perBon being nominated, an . election : will take place on Friday, the 36th. .??-'.- ! Nook Notes,.— A correspondent writes : . —Mr. Rule, the Inspector, paid a visit to our school last week. . I hear that the children who attend regularly are improv ing.— We are to have Dr.Turnley, Super intendent of .Vaccination, on,. Wednesday next, when parents will have to take their children.— What might have been, a, .seri- ous accident happened on Friday last to a son of Mr. Bott. He was carting stone, and after taking down a panel, on turning round saw, that his brother had started the team. . Tho boy happily got clear all but his foot, the side rail striking him on the ankle.', The foot is very much swollen, but no bones were broken. — The road contractors have started metalling ; all the grubbing will soon be completed. Suioide of Mr. James Pollard.— W«clip the following telegram from the JUiwlishman's Overland Mail} dated Ran goon,, Sept. 14— 'Mr. ,J.. J. Pollard, junior, the conductor .'. of the Lilliputian Opera Company, shot himself through, the head at the British- Burmah Hotel at about,2- o'clock this morning, and died about, six.' '. ,_..., ?:.?? .,u. . :;: ..-; i English- Enterprise. — Few statistics can be more gratifying to British insular pride than. those supplied by a French paper on the. length of the submarine cables of the world. Nearly all the tele graph lines under the ' sea have ? been manufactured by. .English workmen, purchased with English money, and laid down by English engineers.., The capital of 'the three companies reaohing from London to the countries of the Bast is represented by more than 31,000 miles of submarine cablos, and of this total all but a very small : proportion 'is owned in England. Greater energy has been, shown by toreign capitalists in the construction of telegraph' lines from, the coasts of America to .Europe ; but even in i;bia direction the English companies ' own 13,000 'miles' against. 10,000 the property of ad venturers, in other lands. The com panies connecting Europe with Brazil and , the WoBt Indian islands- have laid down about 12,000 miles of wire, and scarcely a tenth of that mileage , is owned outside Great Britain. .-?'. ?.,'.'. Setting, the Thames, on Fire.— A, remarkable instance of an error arising, from ;similarity in sound is in the phrase 'setting the Thames on fire.'. The sub stitution of the name of a river for the correct word entirely deprives the ex. pression of any meaning, and so general has the error become that, foolish though the mistake is, it ia perhaps useless to attempt to restore the true signification of' the saying, which like many others is traceable to the domestic pursuits of our forefathers before machinery did so much of their work. Many years ago, before machinery was introduced into flour mills for the purpose of sifting flour, it was the custom of the miller to send it away un sifted. The process of Bitting was done at home, thus:— The temae, or .sieve, which was moved with a rim that projected from the- bottom of it, was worked o/er the mouth of the barrel into which the flour or meal was sifted. The active fellow who worked hard not urifrequently Bet the rim on fire by -force of friction'- against the rim of the flour barrel ; .'so that this de-: partment of domestic employment be came a standard by which to test a man's will and capacity' to work hard. Thus of a lazy fellow, or one deficient in strength, it was said he ' will never set the temse on fire. ' The word ia still in common use in Lincolnshire to signify the Bieve uaed by brewers to remove the hops from the beer. Prorogation ,of Parliament. — A GazeUe extraordinary was published on Monday notifying that Parliament had been prorogued until Friday, the 14th of December, by a proclamation issued by his Excellency the Governor. Prince of Wales's Birthday. — A notice is published in the Gazette that his Excellency the Governor haa directed' Friday, the 9th of November, to be ob served as a public holiday throughout the. colony, it being the Prince of Walee's birthday. A Roman Catholic Objection to xhk Oath.— A girl about seventeen years old, called as chief witness in a case heard at Nottingham Police Court, having ex arained the Bible placed. in her hand, said : ' Gentlemen, this book belongs to the Church of England, 1 presume?'. Magistrate: Yes. Witness : Then ; I decline to take my oath upon this book. Magistrate : Why 1 Are you an atheist ? \Vitnoss : Indeed, gentlomen, I am no atheist,; I am a Roman Catholic. I shall decline to take the oath upon that book.., Magistrate : Why, that Bible contains the Gospels and Epistles approved and appointed to be road in all tlio churches and chapels in England. Witness' : Gentlemen, in all your churches and chapels, but not in mine., The magistrate : -What Bible will you : take your oath on ? : .Witness: On, a Roman Catholic , , Douay Bible. Unices' I have one ;I will not take my oath on any .other. ' The witness then left the hall for a quarter of an. hour, when she was again called in, and still objected to take the oath upon 'the book. Magistrate: I have never, heard such an objection, only by a Presbyterian,, who claimed his form ;. of affirmation. Witness : Then I, as a Roman Catholic, claim, to affirm... Magistrate.: What form of affirmation will you give .that what you say is ? true ? Witness: I , will ... affirm that what I say is true by. the . Bign of the Oross, in ' the name of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Magistrate : Then hold the Bible in your hand and make the sign of the cross.. Witness: Gentlemen, I. will- not hold. that book as a Catholic. I Bet no value' on that version of the' Bible. It: would not bind me. I must have my.own true Bible, or I will not take the' oath. I ' will not kiss any other book. The magis trate then adjourned the case bo that a proper Bible might be obtained from the Roman Catholic biBhop. . . ? Quaint Announcement. — Travelling down the Murray River 20 years: ago, a. notice may have been seen fixed upon a trae cautioning -travellers to 'Shut, this 7iere gate.' . A humorous wayfarer had evidantly written the following on a oard, and fixed it on the, gatepost :— ?-' : Traveller, stop 1 ? Onomomont wait, And road 'Shut thia lierc gate' ' , . If you aro so oaroless as not to do ify Tou, in couise of time, mayrueitj ... ]Tor the skeop far and wido maystray;. ? ? t Nor again \\-e found for many a day. ? Then the worthy enterprising squatter, ' '?' ?Whose naino, ploaso know, is Jlr. Potter, May arrost, and put you into prison For not taking care of that property of his'n. Therefore, travellor, when oneo you know your : . ? fate, ? , ?'.' '''?..' ??'?: Don't forgot to ' Shut thisficrc gate.' ? Cheap Money. — According to. the Insurance and . Banking Record there is evidently a prospect' of cheap money in England for at least the rest of this year. The dread of an autumnal drain of specie . to the United States has evidently passed away. Several things have contributed to this end, the. principal being the inferior character of thia year's harvest in America,, which is officially estimated at 12 per cent, less than that of 1882, and the great fall which has recently, taken place in , the export price of American; bread stuffs. This fall has been induced by the unprecedented large' stock of wheat held in Liverpool and' other British ports, and ithe occurrence of a; good harvest in Eng land in succssion to the fine harvest of J;882. For the present the United States ?have lost the control of the corn market, and,; with, it the power' to derange the English money market. : \- ' Strong , Drinks in India.— By the laBt returns published it appears that a great decrease ha3 taken place in the con sumption of strong drinks by the Euro pean soldiers in India, and that there is a corresponding spread of sobriety among the rank an.d file of the army there. In the year 1877-78 the total1 consumption of rum among British troops in India was 253,254 gallons, whereas in 1881-2 it fell to 149,801 ? gallons. Comparing' the same years as regards beer-drinking the figures, are, reapectively, 76,942 and 74,747 hogaheada. Thus it will be seen that1 though the consumption of rum has decreased, that of beer has not increased/ i Health Officer. — Applications will be received at the office of the Town Clerk up to 4 p.m. on 12th- inst;1 from persons competent and willing to' undertake the duties of Sanitary Officer of the town' of Launceston, at .a salary of £250 per annum. ' . .'' ? Chinese Lepers in NjswoASTiiE.r-On Thursday afternoon by a goods train' from Armidale, a couple of Chinese lepers reached Newcastle in a serious state of disease, aaya an Age telegram. Their arrival waa (kept a profound Becret until a reporter of a local paper ascertained the facts. They came from the tin mines in the Tenterfield district. One man had lost most of his fingers by disease, and both were covered with sores. The police took oharge of the truck, and a Chinese merchant supplied provisions for his countrymen. The lepers left for Sydney this afternoon in one of the coaating steamers. The lepers will be met at Port Jackson by a launch and conveyed to the quarantine grounda. Paramatta Juvenile Exhibition. — We, are requested to make known that the; time for receiving applications for the 'Paramatta Juvenile Exhibition has, been extended to November, . but. to. what date is not stated. Progress in New Zealand. — In I860 H| tho population of Otago was estimated at ^H 12,500 persons. In that year the exports ^H of the province were carried to England ^H by a single 'Bailing ship, the Gloucester, ^H of. 611 tons. In 1883 Otago and South- ? land posaesa 3,o8G,000 sheep, and during H| the past season they exported 64,653 balos ^M of wool, valued at £1,184,038. The im- ? ports of general merchandise amount to ^M £2,697,406, and exports to the value of H £1,856,616. The population of the pro- . ? vince has increased to 141,450 persons ; H Dunedin and suburbs to 45,000. During ^M those. 20 years Otago has exported gold of ^M the value of £16,564,675. One-third of ? the entire trade of the colony is carried ^M on 'by her merohants, and one- third of H the Customs , duties of the colony i» col- ^M lected at her ports. ^M The Chinese1 Question. — The follow- Hj ing letter ib published from 'Ohine&o;' H Gordon, being of interest at a time when H the outbreak of hostilities between France H and China is regarded as possible in the H immediate future : — ' China's game is, H and will continue to be, to wait upon H events ; and she will try and work so as H to embroil us with France, if she is H herself compelled to go to war with that I Power. There are, and would be, plenty I of opportunities for the- attainment of I this object in the Treaty Ports. One may I say, humanly speaking, that China going I to war with1 France must entail our ' I following suit.- This would be a' -bad ? I thing in many ways for civilisation, I because the Chinese are naturally bump- ' I tious enough, and any success I over : Europeans would raise their I arrogance to a . perilously high pitch. - I Arid even it their snecess were due to an ? I alliance with us, our assistance would be ?' I lightly forgotten. Such an alliance would I not conduce' to future harmony. Alto- I gether,' I- cannot think that the world I would gain in any respect by a war be- I tween France and China — no matter what ? I the result of the contest might be ; and in I the end I doubt if it would b'o beneficial I to China herself. Of one thing, however, I the French may feel sure, and that is that I the Chinese would avail themselves of all I th e moat recent scientific discoveries in the I military art, and in a strugglewith a single ? foreign power could count a good deal- on | the'services of suoh' auxiliaries as dyna mite and infernal machines-' ' : Praying and Running into Debt. — The Sultan of Turkey (says a late Eng lish paper) appears to be too much en grossed in prayer to attend to the small matter of paying his debts. He juat now ; burns with devotion, fulfilling all the ; duties which devolve upon him conse quent upon' his high position of Com mander of the Faithful. Ho seems in ' that respect to outshine all his predeces sors, for days do riot suffice for his devo- ' tions,and he appears to be following Thomas Moore's suggestion, to steal a few hours from the night. Tne ' Sultan haa been .- ? celebrating the Guedjessi, or Night of : Mastery, and we'a'ro told that he prayed fervently for an hour, accompanied' by repentance for the remission of all his past' sins. So a new loan may soon be looked for. ? ' ? ' ; ; ? Changes in the Victoria^ Cabinet. — THe death of the hon.-R. S! Anderson, .'] Minister of . Juatice in the Upper House, remarks the Argus, necessitates changes ; in the .Cabinet arrangements. Tho hon. . P. T. Sargo'od, who has held office with out a portfolio since the Government -waa formed, nii'd' who has rendered valuable service in his honorary capacity, will now become a salaried Minister. It is not yet decided what department ia to be allotted to'him, .but under any circumstances ho ,'. will take charge of the local forces as De- .: fence Minister. For the present tho , Attorney-General will transact the busi- „ ness of the Minister of Justice. The pas- , ? sing of the bill, now before the Assembly . referring to the subject will probably en able the Government to shortly appoint a' second Minister in the Council. When the Ministry wasformedit ^was understood . . that the choice as to Mr. Anderson's col- . league in the Council lay between the hon. F. T. ? Sargood and the hon. J. ,'. Campbell.' '.'? . ,' : The .Member for North Launoes ton,— We regret to state that' since his ] return on, Saturday laBt from his parlia- . mentary . duties, Mr. H. E. Lette has been confined; to the house through ill health, principally arising from a severe ; cold.' ', ., ' '?;.;; .. , , ;.'.. ;?. -' Court of Bankruptcy. — In Chambers , Wednoaday,. before his. Honor Mr. Com- . miaaionor Wnitf oord, Mr. J. B. Waldron, .. on behalf of John Fagan, presented a petition under the provisions of the Min- , ing Companies Limited Liability Act ? againBt the Banca T. M. Co. The poti- :. tion, which was supported by documents, sot forth that petitioner claimed £112 163 , 2d and interest, upon fourteen dishon- ,- oured cheques givon by, the Company, ^ principally for his wageB as mining mana ger.. The petition was received, and, the ? case set down for hearing on Monday ,, next., Mr. Waldron presented a petition ;. from Messrs. J. and T. ,Gunn against the ,- same Company, .under the 3rd seotion of the Act 32, Vic. No. 3, praying the Banca , Co. might be wound up, for having made ; ^default in payment of £9 Is 6d, for which . -; warrant and execution under a judg-;,-; ment in the Court of Requests . were ,.:, issued on 11th . September last. His i Honor also fixed' Monday next for th&;i hearing of this application. f Treatment of Hydrophobia.'— -:'Mv I Bouley, member, of the French Academy of Sciences, Borne time ago made a com munication respootinfc a discovery for curing hydrophobia by a treatment in which garlio was the only element. His system has been triod repeatedly by an experienced doctor in Portugal with the happiest results. The testimony of the medical gentleman roforred to is that, within the last few months, he haa attended nine persons suffering from the bites of mad dogs. None of those treated by the method prescribed by M. Bouley fell victims to that terrible malady, hydrophobia, whilst all who had their wounds cauterised in the usual way died after a period of intense suffering. The patients to whom the garlic remedy was applied had the bite first washed with fresh water, after which the wound was ?well rubbed with powdered garlic, this being allowed to remain od the injured place for a considerable time. The rest of the treatment consisted simply in giving the patient a strong decoction of garb'c and water for eight or nine days, and in administering garlio freely, under one form or another, with his food, for a longer period. ? This antidote to the horrible effeots so frequently resulting from the bite of a rabid d'jg is said to be infallible. A Desperate Battle inPeru.— Par- . ciculars have been received at New York of the terrible battle which recently took place between the Chilian soldiers and the Peruvians under the command of Generals Oaceres and Racabaran. The slaughter on the Peruvian side is stated to be very great, numbering from 800 to 1000 men, and including Colonel Leoncio Prado, son of the late President of Peru. The battle took place . at Huamachuca. The Chilians wore in poasession of the heights, and their cavalry was placed in such a position that retreat by the Peruvians could only be made at a great sacrifice. The real fighting commenced at 6 o'clock in the morning : of the day in question. For some hours' the battle raged furiously, and about noon the conflict was a handto htind encounter ; but at 2 o'clock those of the. Peruvians who had escaped were in full retreat. It was at this time that the cavalry of the Chilians fell upon the fleeing enemy, causing great slaughter among the fugitives. The Chilian account of the battle states that more than 4000 Peruvians took part in the battle, while the Chilian force numbered only 1600 men. The Chilians report having lost 66 men killed, 83 wounded, and 21 slightly injured. There were no Chilian officers among the slain, and only four of them were wounded. The Peruvian army was put into complete rout, and the Chilians captured 11 pieces of artillery, all the ammunition that the Peruvians had loEt, andfabout 800 rifles and one standard. 'Launoeston United Friendly So cieties Dispensary. — The fourth aunual gathering of the above-named society was held at Mr. W. B. Dean's, establishment, St. John -street, on 26th ult. There were about thirty members present. Mr. Alex. E. Fowler occupied the chair. An excellent repast was provided by Mr. Dean, to which full justice was done. The fourth annual report wasread by the secretary, Mr. W. H. Solomon, and showed that a marked increase had taken place in the number of members. The number of members belonging to the societies connected with the dispensary at the time of its establishment was 762. The present number is 1151, showing an increase of 389. The assessments for the past year have been 2s 6d per quarter, the total of the several assessments exhibiting a slight decrease 'on that of the previous year, notwithstanding which fact the financial position of the institution shows a decided improvement, the total valueof the assets having been considerably in creased. The balance sheet showed the receipts during the year to have been £729 2a od, exclusive of a balance from the previous year of £62 4a 8d, being an increase of £103 1 5s lid of the receipts of last year. The total value of the assets is £421 12s lid, showing an increase of £78 8s 8d for the year. The sum of £100 had been placed as a deposit in the names of the trustees with the Equitable Building Society,bear ing interest at the rate of 6 per cent. The number of prescriptions dispensed during the year was 10,970, an average of 10-12 per member. £50 worth of linseed meal had been dispensed during the year. The thanks of the Committee were due to the various officers of the institution. The adoption of the report was moved by the Chairman and carried . by acclamation. After the usual loyal toasts had been ren dered, the toast of the medical officers of the several societies, and the other medi cal gentlemen of Launceston. This was responded to by Dr. Crowther. A full programme of toasts was then gone through, and the meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Telegraphic. — The following memo was posted up at tho local telegraphic office on Saturday, received from Port Darwin ? : — ' ' Repairing steamer Agnes while at work on the old- cable about 100 miles east of Banjoewangie fouled and broke the easting cable. On Monday last met with, great difficulty on account of adverse weather, but one line is through. Must return to port to coal and replace ' gear lost and carried away. Hope to put second line through on return to posi tion.' ? ?Important Decision. :- — In ? another column will be found the decision given .by 'his Honor Mr. Commissioner Whifce foord upon the bill of sale held by Messrs.' Barnard and Maokay'in the bankrupt estate of Henry Jackson, storekeeper of George Town, which is declared to be in valid. A number of cases have been await ing this decision in which bills of sale given to one creditor to the prejtidico of the other creditors are disputed. There is also a similar case before the Court at the present time, which will come on shortly. Longford Notes.— Our correspondent writing 26th ult. says :— Henry SiDgle ton, who was arrested on Saturday night last at Ross, by Sub-Inspector Mulranan, on the charge of burglary at Mr. J. M'Mahon's, reached here by the morning train in charge of the escort constablo, and was conducted to the Police Station by Constable Thompson. He was subse quently brought up at tho Police Office on the charge, with Elizabeth Poole, alias Singleton, John Duffy, and the two Berrys, when the evidence of Mr. M'Mahori, Mr. Humble his assistant, and that of Sub-Inspector Mulranan, was taken, and the prisoners remanded till Monday^ There are about eleven or twelve more witnesses to be examined, so that it is expected the case will not be concluded until Tuesday. Several skeleton keys were found in Singleton's poasession, which entitles him 'to the name given of a ' professional burglar.' There was a fair muster at the railway station to have a look at him, besides a sprinkling in the vicinity of tho Council Chambers when he readied there. ? ; Evandale Mission Hall. — A corres pondent at Evandale, writing on Thurs day, says :-r-' The Mission Hall in this place has been erected to.the order of Mrs. Henry Reed, at a cost of upwards of £400. The building will seat between1 150 to 200, and is an ornament to the township. Pastor Hiddlestone con ducted the opening Bervice on Sunday last, when, despite the inclemency of the weather, about 120 or so attended. Pastor Williamson, conducted the evening service to an attentive audience. Special services have been held by Pastor Williamson and Hiddlestone each evening during the week with some measure' of encouragement. The Mission Band came out from Launceston on two eveningB, and, by their playing through. the town ship, enlivened the people, and quite a large number came to the services. ' Main Line Railway.— Some changes have juBt taken place in tho Launceston staff of the Main Line Railway. Mr. W. O. Smith, station master, and Mr. J. D. Westbrook, booking clerk, having re signed, have been succeeded respectively by Mr. W. L. Sutton, late station master at Oatlands ; and Mr. E. Forest, late sta tion master at Antill Ponds. The new appointments date from 26th u!t. Prorogation of Parliament. — Minis- ters announced ou 26th ult., that the present session of Parliament was at an' end, and we think their decision to delay calling the new session for a few weeks will give general satisfaction. It was at first in tended to call both Houses together again On the 15th November, but yielding to the wishes of members of both branches, Ministers have altered the date till the 14th December, and announce they mean to introduce no other business than the Denvent Valley, Fingal, and Scottsdale Railway Bills. . Accident. — A lad named Lewis Harris, residing near Distillery Creek, was kicked on the head on Saturday morning by a horse he was trying to catch, sustaining a nasty wound about three inches long over the right eyebrow. Dr. Orowther was sent for and dressed the injury, and the patient is progressing favourably. Missma Luggage. — Some correspon dence has passed between the Tasmanian and Victorian police (remarks the Argus) with reference to a box, the property of a passenger by the s.s. Orient, named Smith, which was lost on the railway line be-, tween Hobart and Launceston recently. On Sunday, tho 14th inst. , a peculiar kind of boat was stranded on the South Beach, Williamstown, and amongst the owner's effects was a box on which is said to have been printed, 'Smith, passenger s.s. Orient.' Tho local police are now inquir-, ing whether the circumstance is more than a mere coincidence. (United Friendly Societies Demon stration. — The committee of the above, at a meeting held on 26th October, decided to hold the next annual demon stration on New Year's Day, 1884, on the Launceston Grioket Ground. The programme will be issued in a few days, aDd the prize list has been increased, the total amount offered in prizes, exclusive of trophies, being close on £160. Earthquake Shocks. — A rather Bevere shock of earthquake was felt on Sunday night at about 10 '15 or 10 -20, accounts varying. Some peraons describe it as the most Bevere shock they have felt, others state the trembling or undulatory move ment laBted about eight seconds, and no rumbling was heard, while others again are positive about hearing a rumbling sound. Death of Mr. Charlf.3 Ibbotson-. — After a painful and lingering illness, aris ing from heart disease, Mr. Charles Ibbot sbn, of the firm of Messrs. Dalgety, Ibbotson, and Co., died at his residence, Newtown, near Geelong, on October 22nd, at tho advanced age of 70 years. : : The Rkv. Julian E7 Tennison Woods. — The Bendigo Independent of Oct. 25 states !— Fears are entertained respecting the safety of the Rev. Julian E. Tennison Woods, who, it appears, left Sydney some time ago en. routa for Singapore. It ap pears that Mr. Woods disembarkod at Java, and it is believed by several of his friends that ho was destroyed during the late volcanic eruption, whilst ho was en gaged in scientific observations. Tho misgivings of Bome of Mr. Wooda's friends aro strengthened by' the circumstances that they have not hoard from him sines he left Sydney, .whereas he would cer tainly have written, if possible, either from Java or Singapore. The Immigrants. — Forty-six immi grants per the s.s. Cape Clear, which ar rived at Hobart oh 26th ult., arrived at Launceafcon by the express on Saturday f Thirty more were sent- as far as Evandale Junction, where they were transhipped to the Western line, en route for Emu Bay, having been engaged by the Van Diemen's Land Company, to work on their railway, now in course of construction be tween Emu Bay and Mount Bisohoff. Those who arrived here seem a fair lot, and ' all soem sanguine of suc ceeding in their now home. Of the 46, 15 are nominated emigrants, and tho remainder assisted. O wing to the heavy load and the transhipment of passengers at Evandale Junction, the express train was delayed over an hour, arriving about 3 p.m., which consequently delayed the departure of the return express until just on 4 p.m. Those immigrants who aro not already engaged may be seen for engage ment at Bishop's Temperance Hotel, Wharf, between 9 '30 and 11*30 a.m., and 2 30 and 4 '30,' p.m. Another batch will be forwardod. from Hobart as soon as there is room for their accommodation here. Received. — The Illustrated Sydney News, for October, to hand is one of the best numbers we have seen, in fact the style iii which the engravings are executed, and the quality and arrangement of the literary matter, are not excelled by any illustrated newspaper in the colonies, or even in the mother country itself. The front page gives a portrait of Mrs. Hatnp son, and1 the presentation, of an address to the lady evangelist. 'Caught in the Act ' is very life-like and tells its own story. Some spirited sketches of scenes in the life of a New South Wales trooper follow. The engravings of the Prince Alfred Hospital, Missenden-road, Sydney, andits internal arrangements, which appear to be most complete in their character, might be studied by our, hoapital authori ties with advantage. A portrait of Sir Alfred Roberts, whoso name is closely identified with the success of the hospital; is also given. 'Hexham Swamps' and ' Lane Cove River' are two characteristic pieces of colonial scenery, admirably treated by the artist and engraver. Pic tures of the Eight Hours' Demonstration, views of publio buildings, together with a double-page supplement, in which a fight between an 'old man' kangaroo and some dogs is admirably depicted, make up an excellent number. We have to ac knowledge receipt from thehon. secretary of the Midland Agricultural Association, Mr. Ohas. Archer, of a copy of the com plete catalogue of exhibits awarded at the Inst annual exhibition of the Society, held at Campbell Town, on 12th September. A very Determined Sotoide was com mitted at DenniBgton, near Warrnam bool, Victoria, by a carpenter named Daniel Graham. He heaped up a quan tity of boxes and furniture in his house, set fire to them, and then swallowed the contents of a bottle of spirits of salts. The act was induced by excessive drink ing. Barmaids. — The advisableneas of bringing in a bill to prevent the employ ment of young girls at bars of puolic houses has been urged on the attention of the Premier in the Victorian Legisla tive Assembly. Mr. Service has announred that any recommendation to that effect which might be made by the Shops Com mission would receive the hearty support of the Cabinet. Tasmainans Abroad. — We regret to state that a private letterreceived in town states Mr. James Pollard, eldest son of Mr. J. J. Pollard, and who was travelling with the Pollard Liliputian Opera Com pany in India, has died from the effects of a gun shot wound, but no details are given as to whether the injuries were ac cidentally received or otherwise. Forging a Dead Man's Signature. — At the Court of Assize, recently held at Sandhurst, two men, named Joseph Sey mour and John Proctor, were convicted of forging and uttering a cheque, purport ting to be signed by the late Sir John O'Shannasay. The cheque was dated long after Sir John's death. A Curious Case.— A Sydney telegram states that a ourious case will come on at the Water Police Court next week. A ser vant in the Windsor Cast le hotel is suing the landlord for recklessly throwing car bolic aoid over a closet seat open to the public. The servant has beon frightfully burnt, and is now laid up, She claims £10 damages. Carriage of Newspapers. — The Go vernor-iri-Oouncil has directed that on and after the 1st of JNovetnber all news papers posted in Tasmania shall be for warded to their destination free of poit age.-' '.'-' .?.-? ? ?;??...' Presentation to Mb, Bent.— A pre-F sentatioh was made to Mr. ? T. Bent, \ . 'M.L. A., at the Council Chambers, ^Brighton, on Tuesday evening, states the Argus, in the presenco of a large number of the residents. Tho amount raised by subscription was £200, and this sum was handed to Mr. Bent, with tho request that he would purchase some souvenir. Mr. Bent left by tho mail for Calcutta next day. The Mayor, Mr. A. Walstab, made the presentation. Mr. Bent, in re sponding, B*id he acknowledged the good will and kindness which the people of Brighton had always shown towards him. He was compelled, owing to his late acci dent, to take the trip ho had now decided on. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, on being called upon, said that he had been closely con nected with Mr. Bent for tho past two years, and a more trustworthy, honest, and energetic member he did not know. He proposed a vote of thanks to tho Mayor. The members of the Borough Council afterwards entertained Mr. Bent at Eoery's Terminus Hotel. Chemical Beer. — The practice of em ploying chemicals to take the place of hops in brewing is said (according to the Argils) to be spreading in Melbourne as it is in England. Mr. Dow produced a 'private trade list' of the drugs in the Assembly on Tuesday, and Baid that the hopgrow ing industry is likely to be injured by the practice. Mr. Berry replied that the law forbidding the ubo of deleterious drugs in brewing is very stringent. If its pro visions aie found to be insufficient they will be added to, but Mr. Berry believes that the best check upon the consumption of drugs is a plentiful supply of hop3 at a reasonable price. ' , New Guinea Customs. — The' special correspondent of the Argus, in New Guinea describes some strange customs as prevalent there. He says :— ' When a person dies the body is placed oh a species of screen over a trough as long as the corpse. It is kept thus until swollen almost to bursting, when an incision is' made into it, and the juices expressed into tho trough. All the relatives and friends have by this time arrived, and a great feed ensues. The children are led up toothe body one at a timo, and their faces and foreheads daubed with the hor rible liquid in the trough. This alone is sufficient to propagate disease, and deci mate a tribe. Imagine a small-pox case and the conaequencea. The body is then placed on a screen,and exposed to the sun until perfectly dried, when it is wrapped in aromatic leaves, and slung in a' net- hammock across one corner of the only room the house contains. It does not re semble a human form, but' merely an elongated parcel. And these people occupy' thiB same- room quite un concernedly, although that fearful — It — is stretohed there almost within. 'reach.' Pigs seem to be great favourites among the women. 'The women like them to follow them about from village to village, as they know that their gardens are safe during their absence. They will actually suckle young pigs sooner than allow them to die,' and it is not an uncommon sight to see a woman carrying a good-sized hog in her net-bag when going to the garden. In consequence, pigs may be seen run ning after the women, squeaking to be taken up — a most ludicrous sight.' Pigs and Snakes. — The Melbourne Daily Teleqraph in noting some additions to ' the Zoological GardenB, Melbourne, says: — Inthecaae of venomous snakes, the directors have placed a fine specimen of the famed rattlesnake (crotalus horridus). With its glistening, fasoinating eyes, vita strongly marked but Bombre colours, its sinuous, nervous form, it cannot butt at tract attention. This snake is so called from a peculiar formation of the scales at the extremity of the tail, which are so placed that, upon every movement, they emit a strange sound — an intimation to warning and of caution . Every time the snake changes its skin, an addition of made to these vibrating scales. Although not much addicted to climbing trees, the rattlesnake, abundantly found in Norih America, is particularly fond of birds and insects as articles of food. One of its chief enemies, strange to say, is the pig, and in connection with the reptile, the quadruped develops unexpected traits of courage and sagaoity. With a pecular in sight into nature's aystom, the pig haB found out that the snake, as a rule, can but inflict but two wounds with its poison-laden fangs, and further, that if these wounds are received in any muscu lar or fatty portions of the body the danger is minimised, while if received in a vein, the consequences might be fatal. Accordingly the pig, who wages a con tinual and generally successful war with the snake, which it likes as food, in its attack offers one cheek to be smitten, and then turnB the other for a similar treatment. Exhausting its foe, , it car mly proceeds with its teeth and tears its enemy to pieces, and enjoys the repast afforded... As exterminators of these par ticular snakes in America pigs are invalu able. Received. — The October number of the Imperial Beview is to hand, its 80 pageB oonteining a miscellany of 37 short articles, some of which are very fairly written.' 'Madame Junot's Memoirs,' 'Australian Banking,' 'Journalistic London*' and 'Drink and Police,' being some of the beat contributions. The last mentioned gives a truthful view of. one side of Melbourne life. \ The Press Assault Case.— At the' Police Court 'Monday, when the charge Bheet had been cleaned and the charge of . ' , assault preferred by Mr. Briokhill, ?pro- prietor of the Daily Telegraph, against11 vharloB E. Ralston, for assault, was ^-out to bo called on, Mr. OollitiB, enmsol for the defendant, rose, and with sime tact anticipated the formal reading ' olthe charge. He said he took advari- '? ta\e of the opportunity, before another ? caa was called' on, to mention the infor mation laid by Mr. Brickhill against Mr. Raiton for assault, which was to have bee\ hoard that day. Ho was very glad to u\ able to state that Mr. Brickhill had conatnted to withdraw tho charge, Mr. Ralsljn having offered him a full and ampliapology for the assault. Counsel askodthat he might be permitted, as a mattotnf justice to Mr. Brickhill, to read: tho apdogy, which had been written and aignodbyMr. Ralston. He then .read ' the dociment, which was as follows :-— ' 'Launoston, 29th October, 1883. Mr/; James Irickhill, proprietor Daily Tele' graph. Hz, — I ninceroly regret having, under grdt excitement, assaulted you on Tuesday list. It is unnecessary for me ' to fully rder to all the circumstances, as ' other legatproceedinjjs are pending. ?' I ; have not ho least ill-will towards you ' personally. W again express my regret. : Charles E. Ralston.' Counsel went on ' to _ say that, Mr. Brickhill, aaving re ceived the -pology,' had consented to '? withdraw tht charge ; and ho trusted' that under the circumstances no ' further action would \e taken. Mr. Brickhill was present, aw could confirm his state- ' ment. Mr. M«jray said that under these ; circumstances h would consider the case as having been Vithdrawn. Acquittal o»,Dr. Marr.— Dr. Marr has been acquired at the Sandhurst' ? Court of Assize o) the charge of shooting at his housekeeplr, Sarah Bell, with in tent to do grievols ' bodily harm. After the alleged offence, he married the com plainant. Conslderible interest was mani fested ia the point Wcerning whether 'a'1 wife was legally boipd to give evidence against her husbandl In answer to this' question, which haa been put by Mr. Helm, who appeared \\-r the defence, his Honor, Mr. Justice \liginbotham, said that he had no recolle\tion of a parallel case, as1 at the ti.ne \^en the offence : occurred she was not his wife, but Sarah'.'; BelL However, he expressed a wish to''' hear authorities on the au-ject. To thi3, ' Mr. Helm replied that he looked up all ! the law bookB available, buV could find no ' precedent for such a case, a\d he merely desired to' know if his Honorwould estab lish one. Finally the Judg6 ruled the case must go on. During the hearing of ' ' the case Mrs. Marr (formerly S»rah Bell) ??' \ displayed considerable reluctanceln giving ' her evidence, and the Crown Prosecutor stated that it was but natural she Bhould be averse to assisting in the conviction of her husband. At times Mrs. Marr ap peared greatly affeoted, and fainted before the conclusion of her evidence, which on' ; this occasion was to the effect that the doctor, while in an excited state from the effects of drink, took up a revolver and - commenced loading it. She said, 'Are. you going to shoot me ?' He said, '. No, ? go away.' She then went into a room adjoining the passage, when she heard two shots fired. She then followed the doctor into the surgery, and went out into the street, where she met Constable M'Linoy on the way. She asked' him to go to the surgery and keep the doctor quiet. She had lived with Dr. Marr for Bbcteen years. He had never used an un kind word towards her during that time. ? She was not alarmed. She did not believe he intended to shoot her. The nearest Bhot fired would not be nearer than two yards from the position in which she stood in the drawing-room. la the face of this kind of evidence the jury could ? not do otherwise than acquit the accused. An Expensive Railway Accident; — A statement of the cost to the State in - connection with the Hawthorn railway accident has been laid on the table of the Victorian Legislative Council. It dia- ' dosed the following figures :— Cases tried in the Supreme Court, £57,880 7s' 5d ; cases settled by arbitration, £34,825 17s 3d ; cases settled by the Railway Depart ment, £10,474 16s lOd ; and various items of expenditure brought the total amount up to £120,098 10s. A 'Good Paying' Hen. — Mr. Boulter, ? of the Queen's Head Hotel, Humffray street, Ballarat, has what may be termed a 'good- paying' hen. The owner informs the Star that the fowl, a pullet, onMon day, Oct. 22, laid an egg measuring longi- ' tudinally 4£in. and circumferentially 4in. On the following morning the fowl laid an ' egg Sin. longitudinally and 6£in. ciroum- ' ferentially. This information will pro bably interest poultry breeders. Centenarians. — The mortality return for England in the year 1881, which have ? just been completed, record the deaths, of no fewer than 91 persons who were regis tered aa being 100 years old and upwards - when they died. Of these aged peraons,' 25 were men and 66 were women. The ages of the men are recorded as follows : —Nine were 100 years old, five 101, three 102, one 103, two 104, three 105, one 108, aneone who died at Holkham, in Nor- ? folk, if the register is to be relied upon, had attained the phenomenal age of 112 ; years. . Of, the women, 24 had, reached 100 years, 16 101, eight 102, five 103, aix 104, . two; 105, three 106, and three 107., . . , , -/-? , ? ? v,.'i ???; .!?'--! ?.?ft-''. ?; ?; - ? Eivbr Excursion.— The _ threatening -aspect of the weathor early in the after noon militated somewhat against the ' liberal patronage which would otherwise have been accorded to the river ?excursion to Rosevear's, by the a.s. Indignant, Wednesday. However, those who judged for a favourable turn in the elements, and took passage by the steamer, wore not disappointed, for the weather proved fine and bracing, -and the trip thoroughly enjoyable. The steamer In dignant loft the wharf shortly after 2 '30 p.m., and against a head wind made a smart ruu to Rosevoar'a. Upon arrival there it waB found that tho proprietor had '~ commenced a number of improvements on the prettily situated grounds, ao as to meet the pleasure requirements of ex cursionists, and already swings, seats, a ?weighing machine, etc., have been fixed -up, and a summer house, and an open air ?cafe', where tea, coffee, etc. , will be obtain able, are in process of erection ; in fact, -the object in view is to adopt the sug gestion we recently gave, namely, oE con verting the grounds into a resort after the -style of the tea gardena abroad. The In dignant left Ilosevear's on her return at . ?5 p.m., and^arrived at the wharf at 6'40 p.m., having to run against a strong tide ?coming up. Atmospheric Phenomenon. — From Ceylon paperB we learn that still stranger 'discolouratinns of the atmosphere than ?were visible in Tasmania, have been ob served from every part of Ceylon, and are attributed to the voldanic distur bances in Java. No satisfactory explana tion ? of the cause or character of the phe nomena has been given. A correspondent of the Ceylon Observer, writing on 12th September, gives the following graphic account of his observations : — ' The sun ?for the laat four days rises in splendid green when visible, i.e., about. 10 ?degrees from the horizon. As he advances ;he assumes a beautiful blue, and as he ?comes further on looks a brilliant blue re ?aembling burning Bulphur. When about 45 degrees it is not possible to look at it ?with the naked eye ; but even when at the very zenith the light is blue, varying from a pale blue early to a bright blue later on, almost similar to moonlight even at midday. Then, as he declines, the sun assumes the same changes but vice 'versa. The heat is greatly modified, and. there is nothing like the usual hot days of September. The moon now visible in the afternoons lookB also tinged with blue after sunset, and as she declines assumes a most fiery colour 30 degrees from the :zenith. ? The people are in terror at these phenomena, some even expecting the end. There is no light, even though the sun is visible until nearly 7 a.m.' Fire. — At 1 *25 a .m. |Thursd ay.Constable Kennedy, who was on duty in Wellington street, saw the clare of afire up the Sand hill, and ran for the Charles-street bell, Constable P. Burke, who was on the Wellington-road, also noticing the glare .and making for the Sandhill bell, both ?alarms ringing out almost simultaneously, The Fire Brigade were quickly out with i two hose reels, but after a run of about a mile and a quarter, found the fire was several hundred yards beyond the last fireplug, near All the Year Hound public house. The building was a one-roomed wooden cottage, owned by Mr. Cridge (who lives in an adjoining cottage), and occupied by a man named Ham ilton and his wife ? and child. , Hamilton states he woke and found the end of the house on fire, and had just time '! ? to save his wife and child, when the -whole place was a mass of flames, only a fe«r articles being saved. In half :an- hour nothing was left standing but a few up rights', and thea mouldering remains were ultimately extinguished by the neigh bours, with buckets of. water. , The cause of the lice is unknown, and though it is said that Hamilton has . had words -with his landlord, who wanted him to leave, and yesterday stopped up the top of the chimney, there is no reason to sup pose the fire arose, from any but acciden tal causes. Accident. — One of the Lannceston 'Grammar School scholars, named W. Si Johnstone, a lad of about 35, met with a very unpleasant mishap at the ?Grammar School Wednesday, in a very simple manner. It appears that he was playing with some of his schoolfellows in ?the playground, jumping over a hurdle, when he slipped and fell on his right arm, breaking it just below the elbow. Dr. Maddox set the broken limb, and tho -patient is now progressing favourably. The 'Salmon Thot;t. — Evidences are occasionally afforded that the young fry ?of tho Salmo 'I'rutta, or English salmon trout, introduced into the Tamar some years- ago, have been the means of suc cessfully introducing this valuable Bpecies injthe northern part of tho island, though as* yet their numbers are few. Wednea ? day we noticed among a number of native mullet and salmon trout in a fisherman's tray, a healthy specimen of the Salmo Trutta, about a foot in length, which had been caught near George Town, ' and were informed specimens are also captured in ''' 'Port Sorell bay. Herk Bandmann.— Lovers of the drama and tragedy will no v be able to indulge their tastes for a short season, as ?Herr Bandmann, the well-known trage dian, will opend last night for a season of five nights only, at the Mechanics' Insti tute in tha Merchant of Venice, playing sShylook to Miss Beaudet'a Portia. The hon. the Speaker. — Tho hoq. Dr. Butler, Speaker of the House of Assembly, who for a considerable time past, as our readers are aware, has been suffering from a severe attack of ery sipelas, is steadily improving. On Tues day, we learn from the Mercury, he was able to get downstairs, but he is not yet sufficiently recovered to leave tho hoi.se. Mayor's Court. — At the Town Hall, Thursday, before his Worship the Mayor, Alfred Harrap, Esq., 4.0 summonses against burgesses for non-payment of municipal rates were disposed of. _ In 22 cases the amount had been paid into court with half-crown coats ; in nine cases the defendants were allowed time ; and in nine cases distress warrants were ordered to be issued. Another batch of 40 summonses has been issued and will be dealt with on Thursday next, the motto of the Council very properly being, 'Grumble you may, but pay you must.' L.V. Artillery.— Tho tifth competi tion for the Launooaton Volunteer Artil lery rifle prize trophy, 1883, takes place to-day, Jtho following being the order of firing: — 6 a.m. — Gunners W. Patten, A. G. Carter, Bombardier W. Gow, Cor poral J. Gow, Gunners T. Oarr, Wallace, Geo. Peart, and O. Croft; 2 p.m. — Gun- ners W. Conway, A. Mills, Sergeant Major F. Martini, Bombardier H. Miller, Gunners H. Briggs, Fielding, W. Easther, and Norman ; 3 30 p.m.— Sergeant J. Gurr, Corporal 'VV. Croft, Corporal W. Hill, Sergeant A. BJair, Sergeant J. Ben noil, Corporal J. Park, Gunner W. Hoyle. A Frivolous Case . — A case oropped up at the Police Court Thursday whioh a little reflection might have prevented the complainant from bringing forward, and having by its dismissal a very natural ebullition of anger rather aggravated than otherwise. It appears the two parties, while fellow-travellers on tho L. and W. line ,had some words, and one in very plain English aspersed the honesty and in tearityof the.others firm, whereupon theag griaved party threatened to throw his ac cuser out of tho carriage window, which elicited a return threat of knocking his hsad off. The little incident, however, ended as it had begun — in words,; but one of the parties summoned the man he had expressed a desire to throw out of the window for unlawfully threatening him. As, however, his own evi dence showed it ' was a case of 'six of one and half-a-dozen of the other,' the Bench ; without going further dismissed the case, expressing an opinion that they ' considered it a most frivolous accusation,' and by the plaintiff's own showing he had made the first and most Berious threat, though the defen dant's conduct was not what it ought to have been. Visitors to Melbourne. — The- a. a. Flinders, which left for Melbourne Thurs day afternoon, had an exceedingly large passenger list, there being about 100 in the saloon and a similar number in the steerage. - On account of the tide the steamer had to leave the wharf at 1' 30 p.m., and await at Town Point the arrival of passengers per express from Hobart, etc. She left Town Point at about 2' 20 p.m., and after a splendid run down the river, cleared Tamar Heads at 5 p.m. with a fresh W.N.W, wind. The majority of her passengers were intending visitors to the great Melbourne race carnivalj which commences to-day (Derby), and is continued on Tuesday (Cup), Thursday, and Saturday follow ing. : Alleged Arson. — Mr. Oridge, the owner of the house on the Sandhill, which was burnt at 1 '30 a.m. Thursday, has laid an information againstthe occupiers of the house, Hamilton -vnd his wife, who were brought up at the Police Court Thurs day and remanded for a week on a oharge of arson. Pollard's Liliputian Company. — From a Rangoon contemporary we notice that Pollard's Liliputjan :Opera Company were concluding their ' season, in Sep tember, at Rangoon, where they were drawing good houses at the Assembly Booms. The company were appearing in ?' H.M.S. Pinafore,' Lecocq's spec tacular comic opera 'Little Duke,' and 'La Fille de Madame Angot,' their last appearance being announced for Sept. 20\. We may add that at Rangoon the curtain rises at 9 p.m. and falls about 11-30 p. m. Chemical Beer. — The practice of employing ohemicals to take the place of hops in brewing is said, accordiDgl to the Argita, to be spreading in Victoria as it is in England. Mr. Dow, produced a 'private trade, list' of drugs, in the Assembly on Tuesday and said that the hop-growingindustry is likely to be injured by the practice. Mr. 'Berry replied that the law forbidding the use of deleterious drugs in brewing is. very atringent. If its provisions are found to be insufficient they will be' added to, but Mr. Berry believes that the best check upon the consumption of drugs is a plentiful supply of hops at a reasonable price. : St. John's Church. — A course of, ser mons on '.' Modern Scepticism' will be commenced by Oanon Brownrigg^at St. John's Church on Sunday, the subjeot of the fiMt being 'The Bible and; In spiration.' 