DER ERLKONIG." BY MAOBICE X BLBUNT. Piuetty .Ahxxb WESTON hod just finished ihat lovolysong " Dar Erlionig." The " Thank Ypus " and 0 how Lovdys " had been murmbred in ihe tones o( rapture usual1 on each oooasions, and had been more or loss blushlngly xeoeived, when somehow, by one of those strange turns which no one can account (or, the conversation drifted to the subjteot of Imagination and the effect it has on action*, and from that to Conscience. There were a dozen ol us in the room, a friend and myself staying wit); Mr. Weston, a lew ladies and gentlemen who had just dropjied in to spend the evening, and tbo The diSbutaion became general, and every one had some opinion to advance. As the mbjeots arp neoeisaiily vague, in about ten jnljnntes we had elhaittod all we did know ^abodtihtri^; and then, ft* somebodysay*, we. soared lnrothe tree and boundless realm ot what wt)' Bfrnot know, '?We at&ued; .high, we ltrj[4W!ow; we also argued round about us," and as every <mo \iad a different theory on the question in hand, and the ones witli the most unreasonable idea were ,the most vehement in expressing them, we were very far from arriving af a satisfactory conclusion. At l&Bt; after mam' arguments on all aides, Will Smith was demonstrating forcibly to his own very evident satisfaction that imagina tion is nothing in the world but disordered digestion, and conscienoe synonymous with inRativetirar, and that a judicious course of exercise,, wicny water, abstinence from tea and other'exciting beverages, would enable a man to'walk through a graveyard at mid night without taking a oow lor a ghost-the advantage of "which is obvious-of enable him to run a -man through, rob a bank, misma nage railways, or break the whole decalogne without feeling any of those uncomfortable pricldngs known as the pangs of eonsoienoe, the 'advantages to which, to the world at large, aM not quite so obvious. \- Jtutthen olfd Mr. Unton, who had listened with an attrition very flattering to the speakers, drew hia chair forward from the come# .where lie had been sitting quietly all the evening, and said:-"I am sorry that I cannot agree "With you, Mr. Smith. I am an old man noW.I Perhipa If 1 had been born in an "advanoo^ age. an advantage which you posaess. I mijjbt have held your views* but as it is I am oM-tsshioped enough to be lieve that aonscienoe has been divinely im planted in our blasts for our gmdanoe, and that imagination is a distinctive faculty ol mind iot brain-it is diffioult to determine which-^capable of greatly ennobling us if it is properly- regulated. But in the retaliation of it Jies the oiffioulty. The song Annie sang a little while ago, and the reoent conversation, call to any reinembranoe a rather peculiar incident which has some.bearing on the subject thai we have all beenspeaking about. I say it is peouliar not beoaun there is any thing very strange about it, but beoause it is unoommon. I thinE I of .a oase before, bnt this is the only one that oame under my own observation. .'The old gentleman oaoMLiand amid mur- j murs of "go on pleis£" be Continued : " Bight years afen when I was living at Beranga I wu a taagiitaate there. My surgery and dispensary wm in tbfe township, bnt onr dwelling-house, width had plenty of' land attached, was on the Sandhurst road, about two miles and * half from Beranga.'. I generally returned home about elk, and my Sfln /trho was my partner, re mained atw Argery. I had just oomehome one «veiiingi aid was dressing (or dinner, when tin door-bell rang,*nd Jane, fits house maid, informed tne that a gentleman' wished to speak tome. . . /. "Some patipnt," I thought," who will ex-1 patiate on his .fymptotbr, ad notaeam. I wish people would not oome at diner-time. However, there is no help for it," , Then aloud to the^frl: '. " TeUyonr mistress not to wait dinner for me, and a]iow tyie gentleman into the parlat."" In fc few minnteslietrtered the room where 4 had told Jane to show the strapger. " I have not the pleasure. I began, aa he rose on my entr»noe. . . A'My name is Hmty 'Harper,'! sud he very onoom fortable, for Mr. iHenry Harper was a strange \- "* ' eboo» fiTe and thirty, very J jWDpwjiii uaia UKK | ag bkek tfyea. ; it «ry strange, sir," he Lwid> "jbnt .1 .cannot-1 will not offer<any x " not-oome hue ol my own impelled to it, driven , to it rants, me night and day, when lean *leep, amy everything I do. -1 hear ft punishment is more than nearly shrieked out the ivering tls' laoe with his e hew the Voioe," said he, the roar of thunder." ' have ; betrayed my v«ry to bis sanity, lor be said y,Bu»0st/4tUy; . . DO thinj| ^hbt I am mad. I,Mn not. ' I imes"Msh|I were, then at' intervals I Vhoflldbolieif thkt the sounds which haunt ?bqt no, I Km not mad, and I me a4nnrpa$-bi|l ff'Jjie hopjisff obtaining peaoe from Heavenj I have oome to mike a Confession, "ihall ho£ tfiem?till I die. jRMisbate, to m opnff obtaining pi andenjoyiilri a kndmeni'a Semite train the I f^rorthatinAover&i; ' 1 ^J^ge ^espojjejijuite ooll ' }' Yoo lo$k ill i let me'feel your pulse. 1 am a dpotor," sab I. He did look ill, very ill. . tpdt bis palm. It; was perteoth ngdler >pd nonpal, not at Ml fe+srish. His biihd Jpas'ipry oold, Ifit not unnaturally so;, his sa'peouliar »n'd. pieroipg, " "!ty andnnoertain were merely the g mat mental urlng, hbwdver,.there' etprqsrion.onath&t; -_brsShoe,andwMoh'I ,-:s4ttietlmii.'" As h£tuhi6d his uoMhrhPe tie hall 61ook, a ve^lottdone, struok ienk, tap attitude give meakey to the exgnfcsipn, f waifl^t nrttjteninj; never ceasing listening, as H bveiy limb £nd miisUe and nerva tapejemployed in it oontinUaQy. The whol0|etpramion of fabe and ttodj was a ^onoentratian of the power of aU'aUorblng listening. \ t t j' » v r-'M r ' ' . flat as far Vakny mwibal atpfeiento flould .show, he. watf j sane enough. HWrerer, 1 heartily Wished mat he would make hastn with, whgt he bad to bay, and go. I felt I could tpeed this parting guest with a greet'Seal of pleasure. . - . AlthSpgli I wja anything bnt an imagina tive man-rithtr matter-of-faot than other wise-I felt' there was, as the Scotch say, something "iun^anny " abont nyrilitwr.", . J. He went on., " '.t. >-'? It wae enl day that I ever fat Eiigfand. *t«waa an.only >on. l&l45Riac; sfcft Tqusr relled so violendy that ileff tapmelhat night/ and Englan^&e; next'day, This wdv.tffir years ago. 'My poor mgthflr, it Jttakfi her L heart. I killed her with my violence and evil r temper. I stabbed her tfthe htytrt as bertalnly; aa though Xhidnsed a weapon. I landed in Melbourne,.and aB the gold fevef etill lingering about,X joined several others, who were going to the Beranga "rush." In the eourso of a fOW taonths those with whom J hod originally oome to Beranga all left, and I settled do*o with a young.fpyaw whose,,acquaintance I formed there.- He seemed 'to be qnite alone. : Bo was I. And mutually .attracted, we became "mates." Frank Olynn was a "handsome fallow, and' so amiable and clever, I never could under derstand whyfee remained hidden at Berunga. I suppose it was family disagreements. 'He had a splendid voioe, and, what was rather etrsnsc >n those days and in such a place, it was nearly always German songs he sang Ah, I loved him then I" My visitor had taken, ft seat while saying this, and spoke in iljitih a contained, self possessed way, and'aa there seemed to be. nothing very startling in what he was idling,' I settled down half expecting to hear rather a prosy atoiy; but still the listening-the in tooBoly Usteniqg air, the oarniat1 nlacK SVes, and tne gb&^Uness of the-Uoe seemed at varian9e,.vtith the oklmivniue, and made me (eel nervous every time I looked at him. . Suddenly he etartcd up, and continued ex ^m^t It is' imng ifab oni I Ah, if I flpttlAW cio#e(my ana bt*!n lor | oae moaeailr ' " I hear nothing," Fflid I; " tho nipt it ii very still, and the noose iff quiet." " No one but a oursed wretch like me a&n; hew it," be said. " I bear it always, perhaps if yon had taken another's life yon would bear something like. it too, bat pray Heaven you never may. Frank Glynn and I wereluoky, and going to leave Berunga. He had never liked it, and I had coma to loathe the plaoe. We were going to start very early one morn ing, walk to Sandhurst, and catch the even ing coach. It was not far, five and twenty miles. Wd'spent onr last evening at Clarke's. Jem Clarke'was the keeper of the little store. He had a daughter so handsome, so made to be loved that I cannot think of her oalmly now. Her father had left. England thinking to make a fortune quioldy out here; and bad brought his daughter with him. She was well educated, land could sing like an angel.' Frank often went to their plaoe in the evenings, aad while she sang he aeoompanied her on the violin, or joined her in what she was singing. I went too sometimes, bnt not often. It maddened me to see them together. I even hated to hear thsm sing, lovely as their -voices were. . Frank Glynn loved her, so did L I did more, I worshipped her, referenced her, I do to now, but I began J>y degrees to hate him. Strange, , that love of one person should make us hate another That last evening they sang together, and I saw that she cared for bim above evejyone else in the world. They cang on, saying 'it would be their last evening for a long time, but I heard Frank whispff "I will be back again socta,'and then-I could not hear the rest. Bnt I saw her look happy, and she smiled sd brightly at hit words that for a mo- ] ment I nearly bated her, The last song they Bang was VpifrErlkonJg," the favorite with j bom of tuim.-^They sang it as If their eonls were in it. We wished Mr. and Mrs. Clarke and Ndlie1' good bye, " a»d told them they need not expec t to see ns again before we left as we'wefega^ptt veryaarly in the morning, birtoreanyoiS*»fe*^stfrnnc. " You an going early," said Mrs. Clarke. "Yes,", nputd Frank, "we wish to get wall on our lojirney before the heat of the day ; " A veqr'good plan," said she; and then wished good night, and " Good byes" again. " Good bye, Mrs. Clarke, you will bear from me soon," sheuted Frank m atone intended for the ears of Nellie, who stood in the back ground. We walked on silently, onr way was a track through 'deserted /claims. Our hut was, for the whols district has altered vary littU, near where youif house now stkrids. It was rather if dark, night, the moon was in her second quarter, bnt ths sky was oo overcast that her light was soaroely visible. , We walked on slowly and oantiously, lot then were abandoned shafts on each side of as, that we might vary easily walk into, and silently beeauae he was thinking of the girl he loved, and because I would not trust my MUtoroeak. I laved her so, j^ hated him' beeausene did eotoo and sherttuaMft. " The few.wotds are did speak wusoot plea Mntoini, fhfiT rinWMjnedd»oai^ with Wlfti mil* an*eidrierimnW^$8K§l<ia«trtf mbj Mnayflnd some pretea* ready. . At last as wa nearel owjipfcthe rage "and jealousy burst forth, words ran fast and fu rious, I oursed him, then oame a calm-the lull in a storm. He, as if oncoiisciously. began to hum the last few bars jjf"Der Erlkonig." Oh un happy ohanoel the sound angered me, toused the worst passions in my ljstare, and reoaUad so vividly the sight of her boa as she looked while that, looked with eyes full of love and admiration for him. '1. I think'tome demon must have possessed rhe, I am sun a man in his tight mind could not have danjs as I did. I must, have been mad thai, though I am bw now.' I do fipt, know what I-aaid,but I struok him I struck him.down 1 oo ward and n^man I16' I was, and he tell. We had been'mhdlnp, and the fact had been quite unnoticed by either of as, on the brink of an old ana vety 'deep shaft, down whioh it would benertun death to fall. He fell, he Was stunnedvadd-for dbe moiftent the moon shone out tA'stftrir me the white faee and "bleached hands. He fell. Some* earth that' hif. tall had loosened, fell to-the bottom with a light ep^hflfliiig sound, then a stone orbfo, >rith a eharp, qaick noise, then the dull heavy thud wiioa sounded so dead that it madefm^Keait stop. It mailt have been a deep" shaft, as deeps* the bottomless pit I thlnk,for years sedned'toipass between the first sound of the gravel,'then the atones,' then the body. All the horrors of my posi tion, all thegMathess of mycrimeoame belore me. a hundred time(j, and each time mon in-., tentely th*h beldrt, in those intervals, till my brain and h^Ut imined t^ad with burning blood. As the epho died away I fled from the >ot, fled with the braq&of; Cain on a»y brow, . id ad if the " AVetiger of blood" warc jst iuy hefels. 11 'i'f; At I HAdT he^rd f. sound, as finjt ve*y faint, like the eoho dTaift eoho, then louder till' it swelled into a'tehbnt. > -. Was it malneas? Was I guiltless* Had I dreamt the tfghtol tWlt ghkstly fade,1 and that awful falling) sound ? Was he .alive ? The tune Was '.'Der Erlkonigi" and the voioe Fraiik Glynn's, as I had'heeM it'las^" Por k moment I felt such ks alrat'spirit suddenly restored to buss must feel. He lived then 1 For one moment ! felt this-the next, I felt surify, an<} th«,.a£ony of it was terrible, that ttttt was the voioe.of no living man, and that I should bear it for ever that, it would haunt me night and day, and sound nfy taMU In death. , , I nished on. I never knew howl reaohed Mfflbburiie.'bnt I did. ; . -r 1 Was ill. That tune and voioe ever bounded in my ears. How I longed to die to' ekchpefrom it. I h&U;'a little' money on my person, and some good Samaritan took can of me. . Ae&deatally; I saw an advertisement in a newspaper efttrebting ins<to return home, as mymother was dying, and all should be < for Rlven. 11 Went, and by the time I reaohed England my mother was 'dead. My father focgare me, wondered what was the matter with <ne, pitied me; poor old man. Thought it was' grief at mymother's death. Ah,1 could he have only known. Could be have heard that voice. What would have been hie thought ? I often wondered at first, |>ea|ile never did hear that sound. It was so He died in a year or two", and J, succeeded to tho prosperity, but what good oould that or anything eUe do me with that voice daily growing louder and louder in my ears. It never ceased. How I would havo prayed if a murderer had dared to pray that the voioe would cease but for ono moment. I tried to do good. GaVe my money to the poor, built hospitals and schools, but of no avail. That voice drove Mb from my home. I sold off everything, and wandered everywhere when there was danger; Wishing to die, longihg to die. I would hive killed myself but Iqt, tho awful thought that it I did, and so.flhortened my penanoe, hen, that voioe would be eternaL ? m ' That tune always the $ame A when I last heafd from the lips of a'living man impelled iha to Vlotoria, and drove me here, for on what is now yanr landislhe shaft when.I depti^pd a Mlow o^eaturt of. life..!.'andft is. ri|?htl should give my Belt op to justice here." I did not know what to nay, BO I silently bowed my head. "I give myself op to Justice," said he. " Will yon search for the body. Will yen, as a magistrate, arrest me for murder, so that I may pay the penalty of my orime, which is what that voice has been haunting me lor, which it had driven me Irom the other end of the worid tat." He was shaking with agitation, his lips were livid, and he trembled as though he would fall. ''You make a most serions oharge againBt yourself," said I. " To-morrow I will have the shaft yon mentioned searched, and, ol oourse, I most do my duty, unpleasant though it will be if the facts ate as yoa state. Bat I am deeply sorry for yon." "I thank you," said he, "and will yon do me a vary gnat favor? Dp yoa know" and hen his voioe tumbled-"anything of her-Nellie Olarke 1" " Tea," said L " Just when I oame here two year* alter yoa left apparently, she was married, and I heard at .the time something about a roman tio lover, Frank Glynn, who left the plaoe with a friend, promialng to oome'back.but who did not Jilted her the people about said. However, people Dame and; went in very strange, ways in those times, so nobody thought anything -aboat it bat Nelly Olarke perhaps. Poor filing,"she has. had bar troubles. Bhe has hsd"rsf? ill health. I have visited bar profession sfly. . She always looks to" mp like onainonrniiQfpt.thf de^. 1 think her marriage was her parents'doings. ' Her husband is poor enough. He brake his leg a month or tmtf aga/Thareare several little ohildwn, and they an ill in great poverty. Poor little woipanl",,.: . . My visitor looked fearfully agitated' for a. moment, and then said: "Doctor, I give von this oheque for her (it was one for two tnoipand pounds) give'it to her after-well yoa .know whist-and hert is another qhoque WJiiph I beg you will cash and distribute amongst the charitable Insti tutions and among any poor that needit." " I shall be very happy," said I," to 4» as yon wish; bnt-as ?«ar was not inten tional, I trust you will be able to be almoner of your own bounty?';' ' . V " And how," said he, " will you take tzty statement down andfcetitwtoSaed?" "There is no necessity," eaid L ? "I beg yon will, Mid bi<h.V-ttwiIl«Meiqy' mind so. "Wbrt oould I do. Themannstof the man was ao.stninge, everything was so strange. So 1 toek down his statement. He signed Hem;,Harper In a-tmaUiag band.: Then I signed, and called in a nan who worked aboat the t>laoe to sign as witness. When that was finished I wasaetpnlshed to see the alteratioqjn my visitor. He looked calm, evsn'happy, it, snob a. ghastly face could expresrf hapjlntes. ' ? ? " Thank God, laid be,111 oan breathe, the voice is .silent. " I have confessed, And will; ry the penalty. . The spirit 1s appeased, oan breaths. I can live, 3t isdjx know now I shall nertr hear tfeatvoiof ".gain till it brings .aw the hat summons I shaH ever beat In Ibis world, when next I hear it must Ndswer to it beyond the grave." : lbs wonderful expression ttf.his face ohfod ma. r^gQBld,got*BWkM » jainnts 411 will "he answered "a&4 if thethanks o! a man like me an any good. take' them for. your kindness." " Will yon oome and have some .dinner" M.l'j j, . I "PHUT exatyu me if I decline; I want no thing, tnank you." lehowedhlm toaroom, foroed him to take some wfa»,lfe wopld take no food, and left him. I went and bad my dinner, chattered with my wife aboat Henry Harper, and wb both agroedfhathew^ujtobe pitted,and thatiis storywaapeoolisir. " Poor fellow," aaid tnyrwife, he is gnatly to, bepitiM. Ithlnkttfc' voiM he roeafaof mult be tbe efftttts of a heatedfascination acting on bis oonscienoe. "I oaAnot tettl" *al& I, " the voioe to him is very toaL" In the morning I want myself to Mr. Harper's bedroom, I. knocked JoadJy *t bis door, no tafcwer, knotted again, called loudly, still no reply.. 1 opened the door ibd walked In. 'Hewaa^ittlngonacliairbytheibefeida in a listening attttnde, with a tmile o^ bis faoa-quite dead. Hehadb»n^*dfor some' hours. The. bad vai untouched." He 'had evidently fcafdojrn the evening before ahd had neverruen. ... Had be in the dead stillneas1 oftljs; night beard that voioe which thij Iwpe brougnt ni» summons T Had the volpe this timebron#it, himnewsofrest after SD«h fc WoaUad lib f and had he answered,che^nfully to that: signal of relaaW Witt;foe e^eJhaUatt it* jtafawssonj Asoerahwasmede. The remains ot aboAyj werefpUQdin an old Shalt on my ground, * watclf fottod there! fehehGleaned I ifiad -cp it the initials F.0. ?. . . I found Neilie.Clarke, gays{her. themoney, a&ddistribatBd; thaiest. . The old gentleman oeased, the ootapany. wan silent for a moment, then said Annit^' " That was not imsgiriatinn Mr. Ianton,< thptvoiof was a real one tq him." Yea I" said Tom Smith' and several others. OtafoiP. ../ . . : 