RING THE BELLS OF HEAVEN. BY DONALD CAMERON. Ring the bells of Heaven; there is joy to-day For a soul returning from the wild : See tile Father meets him out upon the way, Welcoming his weary child! Glory ! glory ! how tlio angels sing I Glory 1 glory I how the loud harps ring ! 'Tis tlio ransomed army liko a mighty sea, Pealing forth tho anthem of tlio free ! The psychological history of Archie M'Dougall lias alway? appeared to me intensely interesting, for it must liavo boon that of mtnv a settlor in Australia —tho working of new conditions and a new codo of morals upon the soul of a man brought up in the narrowest of Puritan faiths, that of tho Free Church of Scotland, with its terrible croed of future punishment, derived in my opinion from the dark and dreadful religions of Scandinavia, whose gloomy forests and aterilo wastes impart to thoso who lira in them their own stern and terrible character. To men so educated lifo has terrors that never enter into tho souls of people born in the south, where tho moral code is more lax, and roligion as beneficent as nature, the offspring of tho warmth and the sunshine, glowing with love and color. That which tho southerner will com mit without a thought of evil or a dream of retri bution is, to tho man who lias been reared in tho stem creeds of tho north, a terrible sin to be expiated in a hereafter which evon the imagination of Italian Dante or English Milton failed to con ceive. To men like Archie M'Dougall the falling away from a state of grace is of all terrors tho groatost, aud tho idea that the unpardonable sin which shuts them out for ever from Heaven is 0110 that haunts them like the shadow of death all their lives. Their fight against tho now conditions of lifo, the novel codo of morals that exists in Australia; their relapses, their ropentanco, their agonies would form a theme for tho noblost pons, full as it is of that mighty strain of tragedy which lias had its best expression in the great works of tho Grecian tragiopoets who wrotw of the various awful episodes in tho house of Atrows. I have often myself thought of taking up this great sub ject, and ondeavoring to analyzo tho workings of such a spirit, but the magnitude of tho task has m?do mo hesitate. The episodo in the lfo of this re markable man which thi? Bketcli ondeavors to pourtray, though it was tho turning point in his strange life, cannot do justicoto tho subject,' for its limits are necessarily too circumscribod. Archio M'Dougall came out to Australia whon quite a lad, but ho had bocoino thoroughly im bued with the puritanical roligion of his parents and the land in which he was born. Opposed to this religion was tho man's wholo naturo, which was essentially southern. Ho was excitable, easily lod, and foiid of every pleasuro. Ho had inherited from his father a temperament and a predisposition tliat were found to bo fatal to his peace. Hiu father had been what ho afterwards turned out, a wayward soul, at times ultra Puri tanical, then relapsing into a state of mortal sin ; too oflon a slave of whisky. \As it was with liis father bo with Archio; periods of excess wero followed by a rigid walk of life and abject repent ance. Year by year his solf-corctrol grow less, and his only escape from the terrors of sober reflection was the whisky bottle. There were times whon, with a mighty effort ho would cost off the tempter, and ihrn .weald fojlew Bonths el a life Meetle to a ridiculous degree—the sequel to which w?b a wilder burst of excess than beforo, until at last the man grew to think that he was lost, that God had forsaken him, that he had committed tho un pardonablo sin against tho Holy Ghost. A state of mind more terrible than this tho groatest tragic poot bus never conceived. Tragic poets have con fined themselves to tho more passing sorrows of this enrth, but what are those to tho horrors that aro tho lot of a man to whom the world to come is not a shadow but a greater reality than this trans itory existence. Archio had a vivid imagination, and it was supplemented by his excesses in liquor, until at lant bo imagined ho saw tho fiond himself, and was actually on conversational terms with him. Ordinary pcoplo, phlegmatic Englishmen and women, disposed of Archie's eccentricities, his habits of talking to himself and combating foes in visibloto otlforoyos, but more real to him than flesh and blood, by setting him down as " half cracked." This is tho way the unimaginative work-a-day pcoplo of the world dispose of overy thing and evcryono they do not understand, and a vory roady mothod, too. Arehifl had mnrried shortly after hie manter's death. His love, like everything else in connection with him, was wild and forvent. Ho courted a neighboring farmer's daughter, and while thojioat of his passion lasted ho invested her wtfh a thousand attributes to which poor Flora Fonton had not tho slightest title. Slio was simply a quiet kindly little woman, with fair idoas of her duty, and a good knowledge of tho work of a fanner's wife, no more. It did not tako much time to disenchant Archie, Six months after he wae married he bad discovered hie wife to bo quite commonplace, and his old temptations recurred and weroasirrisistibloasover. So, in a moment of bitter repentance he sold out his old selection near the town and took up a now one, twenty miles away. Hore he would be far from temptation, and bo ahlo to rear his family according to his ideas. It was a strings and lonely place, yet picturesque in the greatest degree. A groat range of porphyry and granite rose abruptly from a silver stream fringed with pines (called swamp oaks.) A little gully that took its rise near the summit of the range between the granite and the porphyry created a lovoly valley embosomed in the hills. It was here ho placed his homestead. The valley and tho frontago to the stream he selected, the moun tains he took up under pre-emptive lease. He had thus the command of some six or seven thousand acros, and was able to koop about two thousand sheep, which were amply sufficient to support tho family. To % man of quiet tastes, of contented mind, Oban Valo would have been a paradise—to Arohie it became an Inferno. His neighbor, John Williams, a stolid Englishman, had settled in a similar valloy on the other side of the mountain, and lie lived there an idyllic life, rearing a family of happy children, improving his holding till it became a model homestead, and himself and his wife becoming tho very pictures of health and comfort. John had no imagination and no violent passions; he had that singular power of self- j government which is so happy a feature of Kng lish character ; ho had no very strong perception of metaphysical sin ; and so bo lived happy and contented, and died without dread of the hereafter, more from lack of feeling and perception than that his life and walk had been according to tho gospels. Indeed the good man seldom read anything, not even the Bible, aiiu he was more. interested on hit, deatjibod in giving instructions about the management of tho ahoop and {arm than tho concerns of his soul. " I can't seo," said John Wilson on his deathbed, " that I've dono anything wrong. I've paid my way, dono my duty as far as I could, and if I have'nt been exactly right always I am sure tho Good Shepherd will overlook it." This man was the very antliithosis of Archio, whoso mental perceptions were of the keenest, and who lived to a great extent within himself. No man saw his course clearer; no man was less able to follow that course. Archio had three children. His eldest, a son, partook somewhat of his own nature, but ho in herited sufficient of his mother's calm, practical English mind to counterbalance it But thoro was enough of the father in him to make him resent the tyranny of Archio when in his puritanical moods, and his brutality wljon under tho influence of tho evil spirit, alcohol. When Archio was doing wrong he became frantic, and because ho could not punish himsolf he was brutal and cruel to those ho loved best. Ho kuew he was doing wrong, his heart often bled as he did it, and yet ho persevered, as if defying the power which he so dreaded. At fourteen Willie ran away from home, and with him the light died out of Oban Vale. It broke his mother's heart, for motherliko all her love was centred on her only son. From that day tho broach between herself and her husband was too wide to bo bridged. Sho loved bim 110 longer; his presence was to her a distress; and tho woman who had always been so indulgent and good-tempered became fretful and impatient, and often bandied words, contemptuous on her part, with her hus band. lie soon saw this, and it was another fillip to throw him into tho arms of tho enemy. People who know them began to speak of Oban Vale with a ghnddor, and many, predicted the end would be murder and suicide. Archie had two daughters, Annie and Katio. No two sisters could be more unlike. Annie had much of her father's volatility and ehangcablenees; oho was light of mind and gay of manner; thoughtless to a serious extent, and very fond of pleasuro, though she had few means to obtain it. Yet, under the circum stances, she could havo grown up into a pleasant, light-hearted, companionable wo man. Tho gloom of her home was fraught to her with woeful consequonces. Make home bright and cheerful, paronts ; mako it a refuge to which son and daughter will look; and your grey.hairs will go down to the grave with honour, and without bitter sorrow. But of all the family Katie, the youngest, " Wee Katie," so blio was called, was the most remarkablo. Years have passed by since that strange little faco, in which shono a pair of deep, mysterious, pathetic, blue eyes, was turned up to mino, but never can I forget its weird inlluence, the touching pathos of the unfathomable oyes, that told of early care and sorrow. s She was very small, a mere mite ( - I first met heron the Oban Range. I was looking for orchids, and other rare plants to bo found among the granite boulders of those desolate mountains, and had just spied a monstrosity in the flower world, with livid 1 purple blossoms resembling the head of a I ierp?at, when ? fairy lorm a tapped bom ' behind a root and pluoked the treasure. When she saw mo, sho did not appear a bit afraid; but looked enquiringly at mc with those great blue eyes of here. Thie in iteelf was unusual, for bush ohildron develop the instinct of all wild young animals, to hide when a stranger appears. I have seen them soramble from tho fields into the hut, like bo many rabbits into a waren, the moment I appeared in sight. But this little woman was quite fearless, and gave mc her hand, so small and thin and frail, -with out a tremor. She sat with mo on a log, and' told mc in an artless way, a strange mingling of womanandohild,aboutallhorfavoritenooks in the mountains, the cool caves under the granite where the delicate ferns grew, the southern slopes where the quandongs were to bo found, the spots where tho best native cherries abounded, and the little dells, which, at the right season, wero soarlot with the wild raspberry. She rattled on and spoke, in her way, learnedly of tho spring and sum mer flowers, and showed a keen knowledge of native fauna and flora. Nor did she forget to tell mc, the dear little thing, that her mother had taught her to read, and that she had read" the "Pilgrim's Progress" and " Robinson Crusoe," " only," she added," da's not allowed to see 'Bobinnon Crusoe,' for he'd burn it. You know," she gossipped on, " da's very kind sometimes, but at other times he's awful— OuiVe when ho says tho Devil's in him—and he beats us all, and turns us out of tho house We've had to sleep under a rock several times. It's not bad in summer, but ohl in winter, when the cold winds blow up from the creek, and the sleet and the snow falls, or the frost conies, it makes us all cry. Oh 1 I wish the Devil was dead, the ugly thing." The cloud soon passed from her face, and she broke out into delightful praise of the happy days that occasionally came, when Archie was in a good humor, when the sun shone, and the birds sang, and'the flowers bloomed. " But here, I've been yabbering," she said suddenly — the vulgar phrase seemed so piquant from her little lips—" and I've for got all about Long Legs and Hoppy." I wondered to whom she referred, but I was not long to remain ignorant, for on her giving two or threo whistles—how odd the accomplishment seemed in this spiritual crea ture—a tame wallaby popped from behind the rocks, and hopping up to Eatie, laid its pretty head in her lap. Presently a ragged cockatoo waddled round another rock, hop ping occasionally, and keeping a ceaseless chatter of odd phrases, varied by a shriek and an elevation of the crest, when alarmed. In a few minutes cooky was perched on Katie's shoulder, talking to her in a oooing manner, and now and then letting out a " ecrawk" and raising its crest when I made a move ment, while Long Legs, as the wallaby was called, browsed peacefully in front of us. "You know," chatted the little fairy, now evidontly sorenely happy, "its so nice when fathor'a right and the Devil's away. Have you ever seen the Devil?" I told her I had not, nor desired to. "I wish I could," said the girl; "I'd tell him how happy we'd bo if he'd keep away. Would'nt ho bo happier himself? But it's said in Revelations the arohangel is to bind him for a thousand years—l wish that time was come. We're all so miserable when he oomes. Long legs can run away but Hoppy and I can't. Poor Hoppy, the last time da was bad he threw her in the fire." "Fire, fire, murder!" shrieked the cocka too, with a final "scrawk" of terror. "But I forgot to tell you," resumed Katie, "that we've never been real happy since brother Willie runneA away. He couldn't stand father. Only I, know he was going. But I'll soon see him, sir. He promised to oome for ma bs soon as he'll have made a lot of money, and then he'll take me to Sydney where I'll live like a lady, and be happy always. The Devil does not live there; he only stops up here in the bush, in the wild places." Poor child! The Devil lives in the large oities, only people are too familiar and friendly with him there to take notico. "But Willie won't forget me," resumed Katie. _ "He promised to send me a music box with the first money he earn?, one like what Bessio Williams has—you've just to wind it up and it'll play and play so nice. I'll bring it up hero and sit in my cave and Long Legs and Hoppy and I will dance and sing to it; and Oh! we will be happy." Ever since that meeting.! was deoply in terested in this sweetest "of all ohildren. Archio loved her passionately, but, when the evil spirit was upon him, it was the child he loved that Buffered most. Strange anomaly ; yet, ererv man of experience must confess its truth. Poor child, the dark days of her life were olos.ng lound her. Archie's mind was really being unhinged from drinking so much, and brooding upon imaginary wrongs. He . blamed everyone but himself, though in truth,_ he vainly attempted to conceal it, it was his rage with himself that exasperated him. Poor Katie's music box proved to be the cau?e of terrible events. It arrived whon Arohio was in town, and great was the de light of the little family, who wore always happy when he was away—this he know, and it roused him to madness. It was a lovoly summer night, the moon was at the full, and flooded the beautiful valley with silver light and pleasant shadow; the wind sang through the swamp oaks that fringed the pellu'eid stream, a strain, sad, yet sweet. The little family wero gathered in the verandah, look ing out into tho garden, which was the pride of. poor Flora, and listening to the sweet tinkle of the fairy musio, over whioh Annie 1 vent into raptures, while Katie said nothing, but thought, and thought—oh, such delight fully sad thoughts. To Flora, that music re called the short summer of her youth, the moonlight evenings when Archie and heranlf had wandered over the old farm. All was gone now! Long Legs jun;ped about, at a loss to understand what it was all about. Hoppy was silent, but, wide awake. Whether he was studying the tunes so as to reproduce them, or, was attempting to solve the problem of what was inside the box, has never been determined. Poor bird; he never saw another sunrise. The peaceful scene was disturbed by a loud discordant laugh,and the little party be came dumb when they saw the husband and father in the midst. He had relapsed; the Demon had him in his clutches. There was an insane light in his eyes that terrified his wife and children. Long legs knew the sound and leaped over the fence, preferring the risk of being killed by dingoes to remaining there. Hoppy gave a shriek and tumbled from Katie's shoulder on to the floor, to souttle off to a place of saf sty. The demoniao saw this, he noticed the horror and alarm on every face, the repulsion on the faces of Annie and his wife, and the paesions ot hell were let loose in his heart. With a bound he sprang forward, and seizing tho poor bird wrung its neck and threw the body into the garden. A feeble kick or two and Hoppy was no more. " You're all happy," the man, " when I'm away. You hate mc. And I hate you. I'll make you happy." It ie not pleasant to describe scenes of injustice or violence, the deeds of a madman, of an unhappy being in the terrible state in which Archie M'Dougall was. Annie, who was very cowardly, fled at the first alarm, and remained all night in a cave on the mountain. But the " little woman " did not. Though her heart was wrung when her pet was killed she uttered not a sound for fear of aggravating him to do what he would, she knew, so ter ribly repent. Her mother wee not so The poor woman's life was so wretched, all the light had now died out of it, that she was perfectly reckless. She opened out upon tier husband, and told him what, unhappily, he knew too well. Her words, echoes of the accusing spirit within himself, stung him to a stago of madness he had never reached. With a furious blow of his foot he sent the music box purchased with Willies first savings as a present to his deady-beloved sister into the garden; but it kept on playing, emblem of patient virtue that returns good for evil. It was playing a tune that was torture to the ears of this apostate, " Eing the bells of Heaven." That was one of Katie's favorite hymns, end Willie had purchased the box because it performed that air. The maddened man seized an axe, and was about to split the box into pieces, when Flora seized his arm. t ! The moonlight faded into the Bteei gray of dawn, which in its turn yielded to the flood of gold of the sunrise. The golden light shone into Archie's house that morning upon a scene terribly different to that his declining rays had lighted. Then they irradiated the happy faces of a little group intently listen ing to the musical box, every face full of quiet happiness, the Bcene peacefully sylvan. Now the sun lit up the little sitting room and a dying woman, beside whom knelt a child young in years but old in sorrow. In another room the sunbeams fell upon a man in the lethargic sleep of extreme drunkenness —a mere lump of animated 1 clay—without sense or feeling. In the garden the light fell upon the corpse of the little bird, the musio box clo?e beside it. Ah me I how many such a scene the sun has shone upon in this our young country, where everyone should be so happy. Annie returned later in the day, and the two girls tenderly nursed the dying mother. Annie was for saddling the horse and going at once to the town for help, but i'lora M'Dougall would not hear of it. She knew she was dying, and that if a doctor came Archie would be in danger of the law ; and so with that strange perversity of woman that is so heroic and yet so incomprehen sible, she resolved to die in silence to sccure his safety. She would not have her children carry a dreadful stain with them into life. What her thoughts were as she lay in that bare room, dying, no onfe can tell"; | they were bitter enough assuredly. In the afternoon a wild haggard face, looked in for a moment, and the girls shuddered. Then it vanished and Archie fled to the darkest glens of the mountains, there to expiate his' sin with agonies that no pen can describe, to plead hopelessly with a God, whose face was veiled from him—as he thought for ever and ever—and to combat a Fiend, present with him, as he thought, in all the terrors of his ghostly form. Archie returned next day, a wan, wasted, ghastly figure, that would have almost an swered his own ideas of the Evil Spirit which tormented him. He looked through. the window to the room. There was the corpse of his wife, lying on the sofa, stiff and stark, but with a strangely placid face, a face the expression of which was relief and resignation. Annie was sobbing in a corner. Katie had drawn a little table near the corpse and upon this she had placed the musical box, which was now playing. The little girl was on her knees singing; he could see the tears glisten ing in her eyes, and she sang with a voice broken with sobs. And this is what she sang Homo at Inst on heavenly mountains, Heard the " Come and enter in; " Saved by life's fair flowing fountains, Saved from earHilv taint and sin. Home Bweet home, our home for ever, Weary pilgrimages past, Welcomed homo to wander never, Saved through Jesus—Home at last 1 Annie tried to follow her sister ; but when the chorus oame her voice failed. On the oontrary Katie's voice became stronger, and there was a tone of hope and trust in it,'a? she sang Homo sweet home, our home for ever, Weary pilgrimages past, Welcome homo to wander never, Saved through Jesus—" Home at last!" The clear bird like voice of the ohild was raised as in a cry of triumph when she sang the last three words. Hell surely could have no torment equal to what the man felt as he heard and saw all this. He had heard his children sing that hymn in happier hours; he could not stand it any longer. He rushed into the room wildly and, seizing a case of rasor? from the mantle, took out one and stood over the dead body. "See what you have done, ha, ha," he said, addressing that Familiar who was ever present to his eyes. "Oh you've come, have you? Hal Hal You've come to see your work, have you, Well, it will bo the last time. Ske has gone whore you nor I can ever come. I will go with you. I have done enough. Your hell cannot bo worse than this." And with a frantic movement ho grasped the razor. Another moment and he would have drawn it aoross his throat, but that a small cold hand was laid on his and a strange mUBio was heard—The air had changed. "Father," said wee Katie, "father, stop, stop; hear what the little box Bays :— its a voice from heaven !" He listened, his face changed, the razor fell from his hands, the Demon vanished, and the man sank upon the ground, sobbing pitifully. And what did the box play?' And wee Katie, standing between her father and the dead body of her mother, followed the notes with her clear bird-voice, which har monised so well with the harp like music of the instrument and sang the hymn the erring man had himself, when the good spirit had possession, taught her:— Ring the bells of Hoaven 1 Thero is joy to-day, For a boul returning from tlio wild ; See 1 the Father meet? him out upon the way, Welcoming his weary wandering child. Glory ! glory 1 how the angets sing ! Glory I glory! v how the loud hfrps ring 1 \ T'is the ran?omcd army liko a mighty Bea, Pealing forth the anthem of the free f In that hour perhaps the wretohed man had a glimpse, transitory it is true, of the brighter side of religion, of that portion which has nothing to do with the atom faith o! iho North, born ?{ the region ol the dismal pine and: the everlasting snow. But he had yet to go through the Are, there was to be another sacrifice before the sun roije upon his soul, before Balder the Beautiful banished tho infernal Deities of the North. Flora was buried in a little nook between two granite boulders on a small hill that looked down upon the homestead. Archie, now deeply penitent, suffering as few men suffer, fenced in the plot of ground; it was the cemetery of his family. In his spare time he worked upon a flag of granite, which wag, to act as headstone. Wee Katie was oyer at her mother's grave. She dug up the ground herself—it was loose as granite soils always are—and planted every flower that grew in the little garden. Common flowers enough they were, but consecrated by the love and devotion of the dearest of daughters. With her own hands she dug up a young cherry tree, loveliest of the Australian pine-folisged trees, and transplanted i)>, placing it at the foot oLher mother's grave. And strange to say—for the cherry tree seldom strikes when removed—the plant grew, and is now a handsome pine-shaped tree, in whose leaves the red berries gleam in the season, and the little birds chirp. It waves over not only Flora, —but—of that hereafter. And under her hands that spot become a bower of beauty, blooming with flowers at all times, and, whart was greater, conseerated by the behest of love. It was some time after this sail occurence that Ispaid another visit to Oban Bange. At the same place where I had seen wee Katie previously, I came aoro?S her. She was sit ting on a mossgrown rock, looking at a small silver rill of water that oame out of a fern covered gully, and fell over a gray granite ledge. Orchids and ferns beautified the moss carpeted bank. By her side was the musical box, tinkling out its melodies, to which now and then the girl sang. At my approach Hoppy, who had returned home a few days after the tragedy, ran to its mistress' side. She looked up to me as fearlessly and frankly as ever, and now entered into a chat. " Poor mother was always weak," she said, a deep Bhadow coming upon har face, and Bhe died a little while back. Oh, sir, she's got such a pretty grave, and tho little cherry tree I planted is growing so well. They say cherry trees won't transplant, but mother was so good it couldn't but grow, and Willie did not for get me, sir,—thi? is what ho promised." "Are you happy now?" I asked; " is your father good?" She did not reply for a minute or two. I saw the shadow deeper on her face. " We are a little happy," she replied at last with a sigh. "Father is very strict. He prays day and night, and hardly eates any thing. He is afraid of God. I am not afraid of God. Do you think it is right to be ?" "If we do wrong," I replied; but if we repent vrp are taught Ho will forgive, and then we should be happy." " Bat he never is," said wee Katie, " And, oh, sir, he has repented, bat he seems to see no pardon or helj). I can't makcait out. I can see nothing in the world bJTt light and love, except when Satan is about. It's him that brings the rain, and the olouds, and the cold winds, and the frost and the snow. Oh, I wish there was no Satan. Why was he created ? " .Wiser men than I have been unable to answer that question. But I explained to Katie that the phenomena she pointed out as the wrong of the Power of Evil proceeded from a beneficent God and were ne?easary to the maintenanoe of the beauty of the world. Her face brightened " I believe you," she said, " and now I think if clouds, and rain, and thunder, and snow, and frost, are needed to make the world beautilful, perhaps sorrow and pain, and and even sin, are needed to make us good. Oh, God is wise, and we musn't repine. Only, I wish He could see another way." Oh, how many a human heart has echoed that wish since the world began, since men became as gods, and knew good and evil 1 There was a singular depth of thought in this girl that surprised me. Continually by herself, without playmates of her own age, called upon to assume responsibilities before her time, she was a strange contrast to other children. What was most striking was the great depth of her religious feelings, and their peculiar characteristics. Her father saw nothing in religion except fear and trembling, and threatening of the judgment to come. She perceived nothing but?*a~God, who was her Father—better than her earthly parent indeed—and a Saviour who was a loving Elder Brother, and who had died for her to prove his love. Sin and its shadows she knew not. I know there are those who will scoff at the religion of one so young; who will say that it would vanish when she grew up, and had to fight the hard and cruel world. Perhaps so I But that does not alter the deep love and respect I entertained for the artless child. God in his wisdom osdained so fair a flower was not to be gathered by rough human hands. She could no more be trans planted into the garden of this world than can the small white flowers, that grow on Alpine heights, be reared in the trim pastures of the lowlands, where the moist, hot, cerrupt air strangles them. I left her, singing to the air " Ring tho bells of Heaven," of which she seemed very fond, perhaps because it had arrested her father's suicidal hand, and she augured from its words that one day God would be reconciled with him, and he would join the ransomed. I never saw her again, and the pioture I looked upon before I turned round the rook that hid her from my view, will never leave my memory until I am dust and ashes. The beautiful child sitting on the gray lichen covered rock, the flower starred moss carpet on whioh her feet rested, the tiny silver waterfall, supplying a light bass to the treble of the girl and the instrument, the blue sky overhead, flecked with fleecy clouds, the kangaroo with its gentle eyes looking up into its mistress's face, the hoary granite rock— all combined to form a pioture suoh as could only have been witnessed in Australia, and then but rarely indeed. Not long after this the clouds gathered round Oban, never to be lifted in this world. For months after his wife's death Archie lived the life of a recluse, practising every mode of self-punishment. The sternest ascetic would have envied him. Ho worked hard, he prayed for forgiveness day and night, he inflicted upon himself every penance he could think. After all there is little differ ence between the churohes. The grim and austere Puritan is closely relate-! to the flagellant and the penitent of the Church of Ilume. But do -what he could the cloud never lifted; Heaven never opened to his eyes ; it was all' darkness. The fact is the man outraged his own nature ; he went about his work the wrong way. The result was that a terrible despair took possession of him —tha_t despair Bunyan has so graphically described in his narrative of tho Man in the Iron Cage—and the gloom of his mind deepened until tlie day could not be distant when he would take his own life, or once uioro resort to ? the treacherous fiend that buoys us up for a moment to cast us lower the next—the bottle. In Archie's case intoxi cating liquor was not taken because he loved it, but that it became & necessity—anything, anything to get rid of the hideou? despair nature and hi? ideas of reflgion and life had created. The cause—another offspring of his mis guided efforts at religion—was not long want ing. Archie and his daughter Annie had never been able, as the colonial phrase goes, to " hit it." Their natures wore too much unlike for that. She was just what he him self had been at her age. Ho would have no laughter, no music, no company. With him it must always bo groaning and prayers and sad looks. Now Annie wanted exaotly tho reverse. Therefore, to esoape tho intolerable gloom of her homo, she proposed when tho old man who shepherded for them left, to look after tho sheep herself, and Arohie agreed. Now John Wilson's eldest Bon shepherded his father's flock, and of course the two met, and a new World opened for the flighty hair brained girl. Love was born into her world, and in all the thrilling fever of its delights ahe forgot the shadows of her home, where indeed ahe was only at night, and to escape its gloom she always retired early, oh the plea of being tired. The romance pi that; We belongs not to thia story. It's end may.< well be imagined. What must happen when a boy and girl at the moat impressionable period of their lives are in company Bay after day without a soul to guide or warn -them ? There could be but one result, and it camo. Flora had dfed in August, when spriag was fluttering its feeble wings, and the wattles hillsides golden with its glqry. The year wore on and Christmas came round. Shearing had taken place, and for a week three rough had,.atopped at Oban Vale, to help Archie to clip' the sheep. They had flirted in their way with Annie, wondered at the old housewife, Wee Katie, and her strange father. On*e of them, when apreeing at the Shearer's Arms down the river, said, " That Annie M'DougalUe a pretty girl and up to lots of fun, but no one can make out little, Katie. When she wasn't'at housewerk ehe'd take' that musical box of hers up to her mother's grave and sing to it, just as if the dead woman ceuld hear. As for Archie M'Dougall, there's no doubt he's oracked. But it all comes o"f religion; thank goodness. I' never was that way myself." Shearing over, the old life went on. Annie shepherded the flock, Archie worked like a demen, trying to get rid of the despair that was killing him, but talking as ever to the Unseen Companion that seemed to be continually urging him to do something terriWe; and Katie did the And a netable little housewife she was, though she had little to work upon. Archie was as parsimonious in his fits' of re-V ligion as he when the Companion claimed him. This made his religion as dis tasteful to Annie as his gloem." : Well, Christmas oame. The previous one: had not been very bright; but then tl& mother ; had been with them, and the father hadoeen; in the good-natured stage, which culminated at New Year in tke appearance of fee Com panion. But this Christmas Katie thought she would try to brighten up the place, and see if she couH not wean her father to lock upon the world as she did, to think of God as she thought—what better eoaaon ? So the little Souse until everything ehoee again, antt she brought down from the granite gorges on Christmas e,ve afternoon, : the most green and graceful of the feme, the prettiest flowers. She went up to the runges and obtained a branoh of tfie cherry tr.ee through whose orange green foliage the dark, red berries showed temptingly, and these she hung up in the corners, and at'the door. In deed it was so pret^ , . a place when she had finished, that one could hardly recognise it. - She spread the table daintily, and had quite a lot of delicacies, among'whioh was a quan dong pie, a luxury that no epicure will despise. And so she waited for her sister and father. Annie was shepherding, and Archie had gone to the neighboring township to bay some things. ' The little girl was not without sinkings of the heart as she sat in the verandah waiting. Her father had seemed unusually stejrn when lse went away that morning, and she had noticed that for weeks Annie bad been despondent. ' WSfie, toot Bad never written as he promised. And Katie herself had, since*the winter, been wetfk and ailing. But the. brave little girl never lost heart. She believed firmly in her eldffir. brother, and that aM would be well yet. Annie was the first "to come helped her to yard the flock, but could get bo words from her sister, Who was still moping and despondent. The two girls sat on the verandah, Annie with her face in her hands, and swaying to and fro. J£he sun set behind the range 'in all the glery of the primary colors and their combinations, fiom gold to crimson, from crimson to' purple, aricPthen to all the shades of blue .that , ended in the cold gray of twilight, relieved only by what Katie called the lamps of Heaven, the silvery stars. What a type asutaset'is of our career of the various episodes" of human life! First comes the gold of promise, of hopq, then the red and purple of fulfilment, dying, oven dying, into the cold grays, lifeless, and color less. Surely in the Land to which we hasten, the gold, and the crimson, and the purple, never fade!. But, if the sun had vanished, leaving behind him only the drabs and the grays, soon there appeared a greater amd sweeter glow in the east, and the moon, the eternal Queen ol Night, glided over the Pinnacle mountain, and filled the world with light and shadow. Year by year she rises the same, but she has ' never lost her oharms, for poets have sung as fervidly about her in this century as did Sappho in Lesbos. To Katie, the moon's rising was an ever living delight. It wa3 to her like' the gentle life following the career of glare and greatness in the world of wihich sho had read, but knew nothing. The Land of" Beujah surely was lit .by the rays of themoon. So when the graoious luminary appeared, shaming the " dip" that sputtered in the " parlor." Katie brought oat her little musib box, and set it o)aying in the hopo it would arouse Annie. It did. The wretohed girl burst into a flood of bitter tears. Her dream'was ' over; ehe'had tasted the sweets, and was now to gnaw the bitter 1 . f The gallop of a horse sounded in their ? ears. Their hearts Bank ; they kaew well tberis father had gone wrong. When sober he never galloped, Annie clasped Katie hysterically. " Save mc, KaJie," she cried; " he will kill mc. Save mc, little sister I Save mc 1 " And she olung to Katie as if the poor frail ' thing had power over that dark masterful man. Strange it was that*everyone believed in Katie. Archie dismeunted, and flung the ? reins upon his horse. But he did not at once oomo in. He took off tho saddlebags, the chink of ? whioh told the girla their worst enemy had come. Katie caught a glimpse of her dread face in tho moonlight. " Fly, Annie, fly," she whispered; Go to the old;bave. I'll run up and see you to night." Annie, like all weak natures, always trusted to * stronger. With a bound she was out of the garden, while Archie was taking the ' saddle off, and flying for dear life up to the range. Not an instant to soon. The next ' moment Archie's heavy tread was?on the verandah. "Where is that wretch?" ne asked tho trembling Katie. " Annie," replied Katie, came home, but she ran away when she saw you coming. She seemed in great trouble." " She has saved mc a crime" said Airahio, speaking not to Katie, but to tharCqmpanion who seemed to be ever near him. "You are disappointed thia time, eh ? Hα I ha 1 But don't fear, it'll oome, it'll come. I' know you only want the soul, and it'll soon be done. Hα 1 ha 1" And with a laugh that froze Katie's blood, he took the saddle bags inside and threw them on the table, disarranging its neat dis play, and breaking some of Che scanty orookery. Then he took out a b.laak bottle, and, sitting down, began a solitary carouse. The liitle girl sat in the deep 3hadow in the verandah. She bad' moved out of the light, for she had no more right tkere. Kneeling'in the corner she poured out prayer after prayer to the Father arid* Brother to come to that miserable hone in ker dire n'eod. The musi- . cal box had run down, and there was no sound except the ohuckling and laughter aqd mad talk talk of Arohie, the disking of his glass, the hoot of the mopoto, tho wail of the cur lew, and tho distant yelp of tho dingo. So began that dismal night, the forerunner of many more. The girl at last stole ent into the moonlight and walked to her mother's grave, whero sho sobbed and wept horselfw sleep. Bui Arohie took no notice. He con versed with that awful Companion, who was to him more real than the brings of this world. Suoli was wee Katie's Chrietmr.a Evo I Tho history of tho few next days may be ?passed over, for tho reader will not c.aro to hear tho details; they are best left un told. We must pass on to the tiual catae- , trophe, not, however, without some explah-' ation of the causes that . led np to these events. Archie had gono to the little township down [ and there had /net John Wilnoii. Wo havo given ouriidea of this man's char acter before. Hβ was not a bad man, but essentially eslflsh* Arohie and ho had hardly ? "A SMALL COLD HIND WAB LAID OH HIS AND A STIUN<JB STUDIO WAS BIABD." met, when ho bluntly told him tho troth in re gard' to his oldest son Steve anil Annie. ...'Stove'lied confessed to hie father, and on tho flatter refusing to sanction a tnarriaga of two '?.: such poople, ho had run away—John know ?.-; not where, nor, said ho, did h<3 euro. The ;.:'.. fapt. is John wanted his son to marry the daughter of a neighbouring settlor who was /.well in. Archio's rago was terrible. Never had a stigma rested upon his family until .now. It seeinod his Companion had pro pared this in order to nerve him to tho terrible deed that he daily suggested. And ho went ; homo to do that deed. ?! vV ; :.; ; ? ;v".' I approach now scenes of [art extraordinary .and Bupcrnatural character, narta'tcd 'as they ?,;-SvCTO told mo by tho chief, and , I muat pro iniso I offer no explanation. Whether, as tho materialists will hold, Archio's .visions wero ' tho offspring of a naturally -Tmorbid ; iniiid, tho morbidity of which was intensified by the delirium that follows oxccs?, : or they ;wero really visitations from tho Dread and ; ? I'nscen Land, 1 cannot say. But to Archio they wore real. Christmas Pay opened with a foarfnl oon ; iliot of tho elomenta. Clouds Mack as Erebus ; riiut out tho sun, li|;httiings lit up tho gloomy panorama, and terrific thunders reverberated -from peak to peak, and tho ruin came down ?in a deluge. Arohio nwoko to laugh And gea : ticulato nnd drink. Ratio, ill and foverish, was to look after tho house, nnd to make pre parations to go out with tho ehcep. She had ' gono up to tho cavo during the night and loft : provisions with Annie, who talked of walking to a distant place, to which sho thought Stove, her still dear Stovo, had gono. Six days passed: six daye of storm and : rain, during which poor Ratio herded tho flock and tended her father. What tho brave little soul suffered during that 1 will not ?distress the reader by relating. Annio had gone off to tho town, and sho was left alono in .this awful solitude with her half mad ?father. But throughout that Cory trial : there stood by her Ono who nover fails those \- who truet in Him. But on Now Year's Eve sho camo homo, ?;?. how: she know not, tottering, worn "out, and .lay, down on her couch, never to riso again. VNot a drop was wanting to fill tho oup of her .sorrows. Her father had been working at tho : musioal box, and it would not give forth a ' note. And as sho lay on her couch, faint and dazed, who saw that ho looked at her in a ?.-; manner that was more liko that of a iiend ? than a man. But naturo was exhausted, and ;she sank into a heavy eleop, tho precursor of ;??!; that to whioh thero is no waking. , ?"Archio sat and drank, and became more ;; insane every hour. Ho knew the terriblo . hour was approaching, when all would bo oyer, and ho gloated over it. ?-??.?rtThe.rain had cleared away, and as the oven- on the moon rose, nnd her light streamed into tho room, touching lovingly tho ;V. fevered faco of the little girl, almost too beautiful for earth. Tho man's candlo had ;;gonb out. Ho looked at hia daughter and shook his head, Opposito to him sat tho Companion. Ho could not tell what ho was : liko; hia face changed bo often. Sometimes that of a youth, but on whoso ? lair face was overy mark of sin and crime. 'Again it was a dark and grim countenance, .that of a man in tho prime of his ovil days. But occasionally it was the faco of death, a ; grimy skull, from tho eyesockets of which camo a livid bluo Oamc, that made the light ?\turn pale. But in all phases it wns horrible; > too horrible for even the imagination of a or a Dore. Not unfrequcntly it as ' sutnod a likeness to that of some of Archie'fl : companions in sin—dead now and damnod; ?-and then it was more terrible than over. \ These Archio would address, and ho would receive replies, heard by none but himself, i;;but hone tho loss real. Tho Companion ?pointed to tbo bedroom and Archie oboyed. iFor atimo he could not sleep. To his sur- S-pii?O, tho Companion vanished and was not :.'< -to bo scon. This dreadfully alarmed him; % tho perspirationbrokooutupon him in streams. iTho silence and darkness, and loneliness Syras terrible. At last ho fell into a troubled ii slumber, such as alone visit men in his ntnte. J:lt did not last long. Ho woko feeling an jwunuttorable horror, woko to see a form' at hia M bedeido such as wo should pray never to see. f-f-Tho form of ono from the grave, loathsome % bdyond words, clothed in v shroud of purple gflarhe, all tho passions of iho renlm of pain' ?"graven upon its dread features. Then the :>';.;m"on knew his hour was come; that at last f ho was to receive bin reward and to bo num ?;? bored with thoso who are lost for over 1 >:!:,?' Come," said tho Form in a voice that ;:i : Boqmed to como millions of miles—deep, v i-'Bfpulchral, unearthly. . §Q -A,'cold hand was laid upon his—a band tho -?touch of which sent through his frame tho ;i :Vtorturce of the region whenco this figure came. : To this day the man shows that hand, now paralysed with a livid weal upon its &jmlm.; : ,!if;. ; The figure led him to tho room where wee i-SKatolay struggling with tho diseaoe that was soon to claim ono of the fairest flowers of v earth—a fate haetened by oxposure and languish of the past few days. The moon- Ibeanie had crept and now illuminated tho sweet littlo face, now as pale as the snow -5 llbwer, now flushed and pink. Tho littlo ?' breaet heaved rapidly, tho breath eamo and t:\ybnt in flickers. On a littlo table by tho ftconoh was placed her musical box; dumb :-swhon its owner wished co much to hear its ' ?tiny but beloved voice. hi i; But thero wore moro than tho threo in that ?irbbm; The awestruok man now face to face -; V; with the door that his Companion had pro ?iferred, saw tho place was full of companies. wThe -dead were there crowding each other, Sihboking, moving, grinning, crowding around ;?;: tho little sleeper. Forms were there which not to this earth nor to tho land of ?£ ghosts; fiends from tho depths of perdition :? come to sco tbo final act in tho tragedy that r'was to give them a brotiier. seemed to him the figure guided his I hands to the box containingthe razor, opened iit, and placed tho imploment in his hands. hltS?teel blade glittered with a horriblo bluo in ? the moonlight. Then tho figuro upoko to him in that voice from tho gravo, and told him ft how good it wa?, how well designed. Hβ v would terminate in ono moment hie life, and -that of the child ho loved so dearly. Tho ? world would hoar of tho deed, and his revenge sbb complete. To their dying day it would bo a reproach to Annie and tho Wilsons. And 'when the deed was over, all would bo peace, rpeaco for ovormoro, tho peace and silonco of ?the gravo I -?How the ghosts and their dread comrades ''.--laughed. And yet he approached the couch. ? Heetobpod down and looked at tho thin waeted ! iorm of tho child ho loved so well; ho "examined the fair young nook. And then— ? ; W" Fathor, father," said wee Katie, raising '?herself up and throwing her arms around hie '?' rieok. "All is well now. I have no fear, I ; know you will yot bo happy. The angels vhave been with mc to-night, and mother, dear has boon here. And they sang to mo, : 'oh, ; BO sweetly, hotter than my poor box, my > poor dumb box. Father, promiso mc when I ? am gono to trust in tho dear God who has ; beon so good to mo, who loves you so much, ? and who died for you. Oh, father, he is not the awful God you think. Ho is all love and ?forgiveness. Believe in Him, father, behovo in Him, as I do 1" . What sound was this? Thprazor dropping on thefloor, the man's knees as ho knelt do-m by tho couoh. What change was this coming.' Wero his eyes deceiving him ? Tho horriblo Bhadows of the night vanished, and ?n their place appeared somo beautiful and gracious .forms, clad in robea of light. Every moon beam had its bright vision, beaming with heavenly love upon the wretched sinnor. " J£atie,Kotie,"ho oried; "There is a change. Tho stone. Beams to have fallen out of my BSelSpffie'shadow is lifted off my boul. And -vet but a few moments Binco"—hero no nhuddercd—" I;wasin hell, in tho midst of tho spirits of the dovil and damned." "God ha? heard mo, father, that in all," eaid iho child in reply. Ho moved toget nearer to the couch. Aβ ho did bo his foot struck againef, the table, it swayed, and tho littlo box fell on to the ground. What was tho cau?o I know not; but he fall must havo started t-ht; machinery, for it at onco commenced to play, its clear, Bilvery notes ringing through tho chamber. "There it is fathor," tho child cried in ccslaoy, " tho voico from Heaven. Don't you hear it father ?" . King tho bolls of I (onven, tlicro is joy to-dny; Vor a Roul returning from tlio wild ! Soo tho Fntlior incotH him out upon llio way, Wolcomliig liis wenry, wniulcring child ! . Ulory ! Glory ? how tlm angels uiiig, . Olory ! Glory I how tho loud hums ring? 'Tis tlio rnnKomed nrmy like r? niiglity pen, IViiling forth tho nnthoni of tho Kico! Ycet King tho Bcllr of Heavon! for tho long dark ness is ovor, tho fathor has rotnrnod to lifo and light, the daughter is about to ontor whero is neither sorrow nor pain nor-wear ness nor tears. King tho Bolls of Heaven! King out the peal of tho spirits born again, in this world and in that which is to come. People came in and stood around tho bed but the father noticed them not; tho repent ant Ahnip, whoso lover had met her, the dear boy Willie, who had returned with thorn to sco his littlo sister. For a time sho rallied, clasping tho hands of her dear brother, her restored fathor. Hut when hie gift camo to that air which it had played tho night her mother died, the Messenger appeared, the wings of tho Angels noatled in tho room. "Sho is here," said woo Katio, looking up wards, at a moonbeam that lovingly rested upon the musical box. ? " I hoar her, I hear her. Ah 1 thero it is " — Home, sweet home, our homo for over, Wcnry pilgr'unngO? punt, ?Welcomed home to wnnuVr never, Snvcd thrpufih Jcsus—llonio nt Inst. 