THE LAND LEAGUE AND TRADE. The ruinous condition to. which trade and commerce is reduced in Dublin by the long period of violent political Btrife, of which, it has been tho chief centre, is thus graphically described in the Irish Times by a working car penter :—' Sir, — On behalf of my brother tradesmen and myself, I ask your permission to maKO a tew remargs on our exact position at tho present time — viz., that wo have gone on the road which, with sadness we must admit, has brought us and our trado to ruin, and the present crisis which, alas ! h»s over taken us. We admit having attended many meetings prosidod over by what wo thought the leaders o£ prosperity to our city. We gave our presence, and contributed in a small way with our purse, hole-and-corner meetings, club meet ings, ward meetings, presided over by parties I shall not mention. We have of late turned our serious attention to who woro tke movers in these. They were principally got up, not by tradesmen, but parties who had all to gain and nothing to lose. Their life's blood dopended on keeping the agitation up and their ball roll ing. Their principal teaching was taken from ' their head-quarters — viz., to injure in overy way in their power, in other words annihilate, land lords, or gentry of any kind, who alone were able to assist or benefit employers, and thereby enable them to omploy tradesmen. Thsy have, alas, succeeded. Targe establishments, fur nished with most extensivo plant, are lying idle and unproductive Ko employment whatover. All a wilderness. Wo have now arrived at .the crisis. Wo find in a groat measure giving countenance to those so-wiled leaders wo were cutting the ground from undor ourfeet. We little knew wo woro advocating for only ono class — the fttmnnr — and entirely itmorinff trado. Now we begin to ask ourselves what can we expect our trade to benefit from him ? Nothing. What a sad thing. Wo had no loader of character to point out to us the road we wore travelling until found oat by us at so fearful a cost. I have boon a tradesman eighteon years. During that time I have had only two masters — tho first twolvo years, tho second Bix years, which I trust will speak for my character. I am now twelve weeks unemployed, with a wife and four children, leaving my homo each morning with the prayers of my wife for success, but after walking tho city over, roturn sad to. Bay ' no ?employer.' ' Fighting editors do not as yet form part of the Australian newspaper staff, but it will have to come to this when irato people half killnews ' paper oritics because the Utter give unfavour able notices of tho iratoono's theatrical relatives. There is only one comfort for tho Pross oritio —he ib not likely to have his head pummelled without tho puncher having to pay heavily for the luxury. Wo Bhou'd advise Mr. Moul, ? musical oritio of tho Molbourno Age, to gauge the pooketo of tho relatives of any public por fonner ho may fool it his duty to sit upon, as the Baying is, before dipping his pon into the galipot.— 'Town Talk' in The Week. Examination ob Ghosts. — Whatevor may bo tho achievements of the Psychical Research Society in other directions (observes the Pall Hall Gazette) it doos not seem to bo making . much way with regard to ghosts. In his paper on thi« subject, Mr. Podmoro, wo oro informed, ' remarked upon tho difficulty in tho way of resoaroh of this kind from tho infroquoncy and irregularity of the appoarancos of real or sup posod ghosts.' It iB quito natural that ghosts, who have always derived their popularity f ram their bold doflanco of natural laws, should bo ashregular as possible when threatened with an investigation which is to reduce them to tho dull levol of scientific phonomona. What ghost with any human feeling loft in him ?would not bo as capricious as evor ho could under tho circum«tances ? It is not surprising, therefore, that tho society lms us yofc only succeeded in porsundinp; two ghosts of tho ' good old- fashionod typo' to offer thomsolves ' for examination, and that these wero only ' reasonably thrilling.1' Oddly enough, wo ore not told whothor theso two pnned or woro pluokod, to it is impoBsiblo lo say whother thoro aro any oortificatod ghostn going about at thiB momont. But in any caso thoro seems roa Bon to foar that the society, unlciB it consents to mako its examinations loss stiff, may Boon havo to abandon thom for want of candidates. 