A Ghost in Trouble. A; UN LOONG of V»! Ballarat died, g V And then, for jwj no other ap- <¥ parent reason than the above, the friends of the de ceased pranced round and buried him. This started all the trouble, be cause it transpired that Sun Loong was planted in ac- \- cordance with the , religious fifes of a sort of Low Church crowd called the Sing Tongs. But Soon Loong's near- est of kin belonged to a ritualistic mob called the Hop Wahs, and they considered that the crackers used at their defunct relative's send- off were decidedly cheap and nasty, and furthermore, that the supply of victuals was totally inadequate for the sad occasion. So the Hop Wahs bucked in consequence, because as your genuine Chinee can only die once he naturally expects that his friends will do the thing square and proper for him. But when, after taking the trouble to die, he finds that his relations turn dog and put him away with cheap fireworks and soup-kitchen victuals, then his spirit revolts and he grabs hold of a big stick and breaks all things in general. Knowing this, the Hop Wall parties got stark, staring mad, and so they rushed the Joss-house of the Sing Tongs and burst up all the furniture, and ham-strtlng all the wind instruments, and put heads on ail the popular gods ; and then the Sing Tongs said they'd go to Court and see about it. The case stands remanded for one week, which is rough on Sun Loong, for he now tramps about the Elysiau fields as a sort of out-door pauper. In point of fact, Sun Loong is considered to be a low cuss by all respectable ghosts, because he really has no lo".us standi; and therefore, in justice to all parties concerned, this matter should be at once settled, because Mr. Sun Loong either should, or he should not, occupy a prominent seat as he now does in front of the best gas stove in the land of the Great Hereafter. He is placed, so to speak, in a false position, as many of his brother ghosts are evi dently under the impression that he lias crept into the Elysian fields under false pretences. 