LAW AND CRIMINAL COURTS. POLICE "COURTS. ADELAIDE : MONDAY, APRIL 16. {Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., J. Bees, P. Santo, and R. E. Lucy, J.P.'s.] LIBEL CASE. Frederick Mamie IArMaUr, barrister, and William Barnet, proprietor of the Gawler ' Bunyip, were charged by Moss Samuel Solomon with publishing a libellous article in the Gawler Bunyip of March 23. Mr. Wadey for the prosecution, Mr. Smith with Mr. Mathews for the defence. The defamatory article complained of was as follows in an article headed "Town Talk," by Pelts :— "Some considerable time aeo, not in the days when piratical opera- bouife was all the rage at the Theatre Royal, and legs and champagne used occasionally to be in a glorious state of mix behind the scenes, a daring but tight-fisted son of Abraham came to the laudable determination of ' sheeing shometings for nodings, ma tear." With this end in view the gentleman in question, after some little exertion and no small expenditure of finger-nails, obtained an airy and advantageous position on the roof -of Mr. Macdonald's stabling, froir which vantage ground he had an uninterrupted view of the undraped window of the Toom wherein certain undraped young ladies were in the habit of nocturnally draping themselves. Long, earnestly, and wistfully did he gaze on the picture which met his sight, until, in an illstarred momenta brother tomcat uplifted his voice in aminor. key at his elbow < The sound attracted the attention of a more than usually undraped nymph, and a terrific scream announced to the hopeless intruder that bis dazzling shirt front and glittering diamond' studs had been * spotted.' Vainly hestrove to make. his- way to terra firma! Unnerved and gasping he hung by a waterspout and finger tips, from which perilous position he was rescued by the stage | manager and property man. But his tronbles had" I only begun. The enraged Dianas claimed their' ; victim, and _ had him too! They tools him to their dressiug - room, and having plentifully besprinkled him with dirty water, deftly applied their leady powder puffs, and when that unhappy wight arrived at the paternal mansion the old man raised his eyes ana his hands and exclaimed, "Holy Moses! ish dat a ghost or a rolling-pin. . . . Now, you would hardly credit it, but this young gentleman is a member* of the Artilleiy Force of South. Australia, and he is just about to be promoted to the rank of commissioned officer, and to mix with gentlemen. Of course, after the above narrative every one will know what for.* Mr. Smith produced a letter to the proprietor of the Bunyip, demanding the name^ of the writer of the article^ and giving a week for reply. Mr.-Smith said he could show that the week of grace had been extended, and he therefore asked for the dismissal of Mr. Barnet. He quoted the case of II. E. Downer v. T. King and W. V. Smith, June 3,1876. ME. Wadey—'What Smith 1 We do not agree upon the facts. We deny that there was any extension of time. Mr. Smith proceeded to read the case, and pointed out that in the particular case quoted a letter of similar character to that referred to was produced in the case, and the rule as far as Mr. King was concerned was discharged on the point. Mr. Wadey denied that there was any unfairness in the case, and explained what bad passed between counsel and the parties in the present libel case. Barnet ignored the second letter sent after the time of grace had expired. However, he proposed to withdraw as far as Barnet was concerned. The case against Linkl&ter; proceeded. M. J. Stapleton, of Gawler, bootmaker, produced a copy of the Bunyip containing the alleged libel, and sent it down to Mr. Solomon. Air. Smith—Is it not a hasty thing for any man to watch women dressing in whatever sphere of life they might be, whether they be tambour majors or minors. Witness—It is a matter of taste. It would not be my taste. Mr. Smith —And you a . preserver of soles 1 (Laughter.) Witness—I purchased a copy of the paper, and sent it to Mr. M. J. Solomon when he wrote for a copy. Moss Samuel Solomon, the prosecutor, said—I am clerk to Mr. BaphaeL Received the Bunyip of March 23, and handed it to Mr. Cox, the solicitor. Am also sergeant in B Battery, Port Adelaide Battery, and am of the Hebrew persuasion. Mr. Beddome asked why the latter question was Mr. Wadey said it was the way the prosecutor was referred to in the article. Witness continued—There are only about four Jews in the artillery, and only three in the Onib I belong to. Major Solomon is the only Hebiew commissioned officer, and there are two Hebrew gunners. I have lately undergone an examination' for a commission—on March 29. I had sent in my application three weeks before. I cannot remember the date of the application for examination. I have read the article. (Mr. Wadey put in the paper and the article was read.) My attention was called to the article on March 27. The last paragraph refers to myself. Beceived the letter produced from Colonel Mathews. (The letter stated that the prosecutor could not be recommended for a commission after what had passed). I have been refused a commission. By Mr. Smith—I have been in the force six years. Ido not know the " six officers." I know Lena Carey and Lena Gray. I have not boasted that I have been more than intimate with them. Mr. Smith— What wonld yon say of a man who looked through a window at undressing females? Witness— I should say that he ought to be horsewhipped. I have been chaffed about being the person referred to in the Bulletin some time ago. The name Solomon did not occur in the Bulletin. It was about two years ago. The ladies referred to as the "six.officers" were here then. Mrs. Ford was one of them. She is here now. I did not ask her to say it was some one else. Mr. Smith—;Did you not tell a person named Isaacs. Is Isaac going to offer himself as an oblation for Solomon's sins. It was Abraham in the old time; now it is Isaac. (Laughter.) Witness—I did not. Never heard Mrs. Ford mention the circumstance of any .one watching the ladips dressing. I asked her about it. She was a child when I knew her first, and I thought she could clear my name, as she, being connected with the fctage, might have seen the affair. There are very few others. besides her here who were connected with that opera. I do not know whether she was the one that screamed. I did not look through the window. Sirs. Ford used to be Sophia Harris. Mr. Smith— Can you say whethei she was present when a young man and a tomcat were looking through at. nude females? Witness—No, I cannot! I did not mention anything about the puff powdering. She told me what she knew about it, and I got a letter from her, since the article. She said nothing about Isaacs in the letter. I did not suggest Isaacs. I know a bookmaker named Isaacs. He was not the Isaacs. (The letter from Mrs. Ford was produced, and was to the effect that Mr. Solomon was not the gentleman wh6 was discovered at the Theatre Royal on the occasion.) Mr. Wadey sought to put the letter in. Mr.- Smith said it was very good Wadey, but not good law. The letter was not evidence. Mr. Beddome said he did not see how the letter could be put in. ' l Witness—The letter was handed to me by. Mrs ford's mother. Mr. Smith—Who talked to! you about Isaacs, and not Solomon being powdered 1 Witness—Some one said it was Isaacs. The 1 lady said she thought it was. I did not suggest Isaacs to her. When I spoke to her I asked her if it was I, and she said " No." If she knew the person; or if she would know the name if she heard it.' X suggested the name . of Isaacs, and she' said " Yes." It was not Isaacs, the bookmaker. I came to the conclusion that that was the person by the description. Mr. Smith—Vou do notcmean the Isaac who was offered up and the ram saved! (Laughter.) Witness—I am not bound to sa£ who the person was. I had several -Isaacs in my mind. I meant a young fellow employed at Isaacs' place in Hindley-street. He is the son of Mr. Isiacs.whowasa clothier onetime. IbelievehisnameisMichaellsaacs. From Mrs. Ford's descrmtion she meant the same S erson. I went to several of the theatre hands, and ley gave me the same description, but did not mention Isaacs. I wonld not swear that they did not. Last time I saw Isaacs was when he was member the date. It was not ' eight years. before I knew Mrs. Ford as a child. It was as near as I can say about three months aga. I had not discovered then that he was the man who was powdered and puffed. The article in the Bulletin was that the person whose name proclaimed him to be of the Jewish persuasion bad done what was described. It was not a .month afterwards, and might have been the folio win'g week. I was chaffed by my military friends about itwithin two or three weeks afterwards in the Military Club. The only person I toos notice of it to was Sergeant- Major Ijllywhite. I treated it as a joke. They did not seek to test whether there were any marks left by the ladies on my body. Did not remember being handled while I was being chaffed at the Club. Would swear that any such thing was not done. I very seldom get drunk. Do not remember having shown the photograph of a person 'of bad reputation whom I wished to take to a party to be given by the Military Club. I remember there was a surplus after a ball. The members agreed to spend the money in a dinner, aud each officer was to bring a lady. The person I proposed was not 8E bad character. Don't know if the motion brought in was to exclude this person. May have boasted of having had connection with prostitutes and others. May have done so for a lark. Have been called by the nickname of " B Battery Bam." Why, I don't know. Have boasted of knowing one or two of the ladies known as the "six officers." Will not swear I have not boasted of having had improper intimacy with them. The article in the Bunyip was read in the Non-Commissioned Officers' Club in my hearing. Did not adopt it with eigns of pleasure. Those present thought it referred to me. This was after the case was in my solicitors' hands. I did not take steps with regard to the article in the Bulletin, because there was no direct reference to me. Can swear the name of Solomon was not mentioned. It did not refer to a person in the volunteers. Have altered the appendages to my face two or three times. Some time ago I had small side whiskers. The having them taken off did not make me mose like the Isaacs who has gone away. I did not get on the roof of Mr. McDonald's stable to look throngh at the young ladies. Was never powdered by them Don't know whether I saw the "Tambour Ma'or" here. Was never {inside the dressing-Toom. Never tried to see them dressing. Denied having done so to my comrades. Have contradicted the statement in the Bunyip to Sergeant Lillywhite. May have passed it off as a joke to Sergeant Stacy. I know Lena Grey. If she says I was the one who looked through the window she tells an untruth. Cclonel Downes, Commandant of Forces of South Australia, deposed—Did not know the complainant in plain clothes. Sergeant Moss I. Solomon, of B Battery Artillery, did apply for a commission in the artillery within the last two or three months. Had seen the article in the Bunyip of March 23. It referred to three persons. Tho first portion referred to Sergeant Solomon, of the artillery (B Battery); the second' portion to lieutenant Daniels, of Adelaide Bifles- Mid the third part to Cantain Cuitis, of the Adelaide Ilmes. The commission was refused to Sergeant. M. I. Solomon, but he had passed his examination, though he had not yet been recommended by witness to the Government because of the article in Question. By Mr. Smith—If anv member of the force • hadacted in the way indicated in the article he would deem it a favour to know it, but did not care about being informed anonymously. Would have it from such a source rather than not know it at all A few days before the article was shown to him complaints referring to the same matter with recard to. informant were made to witness. Should sav that was previous to Good Friday. Benjamin Solomon, major commanding B Battery, stated that he knew the prosecutor, who held the position of sergeant in the same battery. Be applied through witness for a lieutenaucv. The article in question, which be had read, referred to Sergeant Solomon. By Mr. Smith-If a junior officer knew that a man in tho battery was guilty of the conduct referred to he should communicate the lact to his superior officer. George Caliill, stage carpenter at the Theatre Royal for fourteen or fifteen years, deposed that "he remembered the "Tambour- Major" troupe performing at the Theatre, and remembered that he heard of a man looking from a roof at the girls dressing. Witness brought the man in, he being given into his hands by McDonald's ostler, and he waspnt into a room by Mr. Harwood, and afterwards given into charge. Knew the complainant, and he was not the man as he now is. By Mr. Smith—It •ccnired about two years ago, add at the end of the second act. The man appeared & little lame, and witness caught him in the yard. -Sophy Ford, married woman, stated that her husband was wardrobe manager at the Theatre Boyal. Was engaged at the Theatre when the "•fembour-Major " tronpe were here. Bemembered the circumstance of a ™n getting on to McDonald's roof. The man was whitewashed. (Laughter.) It took place in the property-room. All the ladies of the opera were there. Looked on the same as the rest. Had an opportunity of noticing the man. Knew Mr. Solomon. He was not the man. Had known him five or six years. He used to reside near •witness's house. By Mr. Smith—Was a child five or six years ago. Was engaged as an officer in the Theatre on a night in question. A man looked through a window, not through hers. Never saw the man or a tomcat on the roof. Was dressed as an officer at the door of the property-room. The . whitewashing was in th6 property-room. Did not fcnow what part of it. There were eight officers at the door. Saw quite well. The officers were all crushed together close to the door. All who could get down were there. Did not hear the victim say anything. Knew who it was. Never had his name suggested to me. Mr. Solomon never suggested the name Isaacs. Knew the gentleman's name was Isaacs. Solomon came and asked if she would give him a _ letter. He said there was a scandal against him, and showed the arttele in the Bunyip, and asked if I knew the gentleman. Believed Isaacs was here. £&w; his brother or himself on Saturday night, the 14th. Had no conversation with him about this matter. The brothers are very much alike. Have seen them separately. Did not know the first name of the one who was whitewashed. Solomon came and saw her twice about the letter. He came once for the letter. Had only conversed once abont it. Had not told Solomon of having seen the man who 'was whitewashed. Saw the man in question pass the stage-door whitewashed. Annie Smith, single woman, stated that she was engaged at the Theatre Boyal during the performance of " The Tambour- Major" troupe. Remembered the circumstance of a man on McDonald's stable roof. He was powdered in one of the rooms downstairs. Took no part in it. Saw it done; saw the man. The complainant was not the man. By •jlr. Smith—Was a chorus singer that evening. Only knew the whitewashed man since he was powdered. There were many people in the propertyroom. The gentlemen did the powdering. They had commenced powdering him when she saw him first. Saw him last Saturday night. Would swear she either saw him or his ghost. Did not know who pointed him out. Was walking •with Mrs. Ford. Saw no one about the case before her subpoena came. A reporter pointed ont Isaacs . on Saturday night. Only knew Mr. Solomon by sight to-dav. [Mr. Cox here put in a letter from the \- defendant, "dated April 5, as follows]:— " Victoria Chambers, Flinders- street, April 5,1SS3. " Messrs. Wadey & Cox, Solicitors. " Dear Sirs—In answer to your letter of to-day I lieg leave to correct your statement that I made a conditional offer on behalf of Mr. Barnet to give up ' the name of his correspondent. The condition inserted in my letter was no more than the one implied in your own of the 27th, namely, that if Mr. Barnet disclosed the name of his correspondent he would be freed from the proceedings which you threatened in case he aid not do so. My embodiment of that condition was so superfluous that I now dispense •with its repetition, and as Mr. Barnet's attorney . comply with your original request, for which compliance yon extended the time in your interview with me and Mr. Mathews. I now therefore announce to you that the town correspondent of the Bunyip, who writes under the name of ' Pelts,' and •who wrote the article of March 23, was myself, and I beg leave to add that an account of the occurrence in the rear of the Theatre was published in the Bulletin some two years ago, and Mr. Solomon, your client, was there named as the hero. I desire also to add that I myself witnessed the whole affair, including the punishment inflicted by the ladies, aud . •was an amused spectator of the ghostly result. If your client, animated after two years by a sudden access of self-respect, is so ill-advised as to proceed, X shall have no hesitation "in proving the above facte, and that your client has admitted them. And I have no hesitation in saying from my knowledge of the ' army and the volunteers On a distinguished coips of •which I have served), that it was a matter of the highest importance to the force and to the public that respectable citizens who undertake to defend their country should not have such an officer appointed to lead them in the field without the force and the public being both made well aware of it.—Tours truly, "FRED. H. LINKIATEE." This closed the case for the prosecution. Mr. Smith then proceeded to argue that the charge should be dismissed, but the P.M. intimated that he considered there was a prima fade case, and he intended to send it on. The evidence was then proceeded with, Mr. Smith saying that he thought the Attorney-General would not file a bill. E. T. Lilliwhite, sergeant in the Volunteer Force, stated that be knew complainant. Bemembered a paragraph appearing in the Bulletin some time ago. Had not read the extract from the Gawler paper. Chaffed Solomon about the paragraph which appeared in the Bulletin eighteen months or two years ago. Solomon did not deny the matter till lately. By Mr. Wadey—He contradicted the statement about a month or six weeks ago. Did not hear Solomon contradict the statement in presence of Sergeant Thornton. Fred. Harvey Linklater, barrister-at-law, said—I •was town correspondent for the Gawler paper and for the Era. Two years since was Editor of the Bulletin. Wrote the paragraph in the Bunyip on the authority of my own eyesight. Before writing it had a communication as Editor of a paper, complaining of the man. Had no doubt in my own mind as to its being Solomon. Twenty months or two years ago, while the' 1 Tambour-Maj or" tronpe wasplaying, I, as Editor of the Bulletin, had a free entrie to the Theatre, and on one occasion was standing close to the stagedoor during a performance. I heard some one call out something about a man on the roof, and saw a man go to the door of McDonald's stableyard, which is dose to the stage-door. Followed him to the door and saw complainant brought round by a man in his natural condtion. He was taken past me through the stage-door. I drew back to let him pass. He was in there some tame, and I walked to the foot of the stage-stairs. Some little time after he came out all white, and I again had a clear sight of him. I swear positively it was the complainant. Published the facts in the Bulletin. [Witness then read a portion of the letter previously pnt in by Mr. Cox, stating that Mr. Solomon's name was mentioned in the Bulletin as the hero of the adventure in question, he being mentioned as Moses Solomon or Solomon Moses. Mr. Wadey objected to names being mentioned, and His Worship upheld the objection.] It was 'for a promotion in rank at the* time the puagraj^ appeared in the Bunyip By Mr. Wadey—Have had communications re this matter from Lieutenant Smith. Believe It was after writing the alleged libeL Did not hold a commission in the other colony. Was in the "Devil's Own" in London. Applied to Colonel Downes to go up for a commission, but I withdrew it. There was no hint that the application would not be acceded to. I was told that I should have to show I had held a commission in the other force. Had not seen complainant before the night in question. George William Stalcey stated that he was an exsergeant in the Volunteer Force. Had lately heard him joked about looking at girls dressing and being punished by powdering. Never heard him deny it. Witness objected to a lady whom complainant •wished to bring to a dinner. By Mr. Wadey— Prosecutor rather seemed to glorify in the chaff about having looked through the window at the £iris dressing. Believed Lilliwhite was present •when the banter was going on. Complainant took the chaff in goodpart, and recounted other similar circumstances. He seemed to thoroughly enjoy the matter. Joseph Perry, brigade sergeant-major in the Volunteer Force, said he knewSrtomon and had beard him chaffed in the Non-commissioned Officers' Club in reference to an article in the Bulletin. He •was called the " ladies' man," and got cross somelames. By Mr. Wadey—Did not know that Solomon •was referred to in the paragraph in the Bulletin. Have heard him deny that ne was the person, and lie was chaffed all the more. Believe that Sergeant Stacey was present when the contradiction was made. Have heard that Sergeant Thornton was a member of the band in the Theatre, but did not remember complainant appealing to him. William Wilkinson, a lieutenant in the volunteers, deposed that he formerly drew the cartoons in the Bulletin. Heard the affair of the man being caught _ on the roof talked of in the saloon on the same night. Next morning communicated with the defendant. This closed the dcfence, and defendant was committed for trial, bail being allowed in his own recognizances of £50 and two sureties of £25 each. PORT ADELAIDE: MONDAY, APRIL 16. [Before Mr. R. J. Turner, S.M.] Louis Deltry, a small boy, was charged, on the information of his father, with being an uncontrolable child. To be sent to the Reformatory till sixteen years ot ase. William Watson, labourer, was charged, on the information of Mrs. Greenberg, with unlawfully assaulting the informant, with intent, at Port Adelaide, on April 15. The case was heard with closed doors. It appeared that de fendant went to her house, and asked if there was a man named Watson living there. She (Mrs. Greenberg) tpoke to him about coining in the house, and he said " Won't you kiss me:" to which she replied " 5o." He then clasped her round the neck and partially assaulted her. She got loose and ran a short distance, but he caught her again, dragged ier to her yard and pushed her down on the ground. She then screamed out, and some one came to her kelp. He had been trying to take liberties with her t>ut was unable to. Alter evidence from others the prisoner was committed for trial. 