THE RELIGION OF HUMANITY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As my engagements during my brief stay in Australia, must render it impossible for me to follow up any such discussion IIB would be necessary to deal thoroughly with the points raised by Dr M'Crea (The At (home, October 111), I feel some hesitation in enter- ing upon it at all. I his criticism, however, is too pertinent and important to be passed in silence One of his objections to my statement was anticipated in my lecture on "Mother Earth," in which nature was credited with the evolution of man's heart and brain Hut Dr. M'Crea's own letter can tiiuiB the answer to every effort to base on that the theory of a government of the universe at once omnipotent and divine. He asks, "Is not made a part of nature, and are not the emotions that move him a part of nature? is not the soul in which springs love, unselliBhnCBS, forgiveness, self denial, and self sacrifice a part of nature." Certainly, but what of other emotions, that bring desolation into the earth ' Dr McCrea shall answer We do know that, all this time, men professing to have the love of God and of their brother in their hearts, sacrifice more human lives by war, selfishness, and neglect of those laws which would enable them to provide against tempest, nannie, and disease, in one year, than volcanoes and earthquakes destroy m centuries" Certainly, again , but are these base and cruel products of nature to be e. cluded from our conception of what is divine ' Di M'Ciea's general objection to my view seems to say " so ," but his hatred of war, selfishness, and some other natural phenomena answers "Yes." He reproves my phrase, " the brutal law of nature," but if man is a pint of nature," and the emotions that move him apart of nature," I do not see why my phrase is not justified by what he says of bloodthirstiness and selfishness, from which he is careful to detach his idea of " the love of God " It is to himself also, then, that Dr. McCrea puts the question- Is nature one power, and the God that implants love in the heart of man another power ' And I do not think he has answered it otherwise than in the agnostic way when he asks, " Do the inhabitants of this small planet know with mathematical certainty not the law s of the um verse and all the operations nature" That is precisely the agnostic's position " Until they" (theologians and pessimists alike) "do know and comprehend entirely the laws of the universe, their speculations should be characterised by more modesty. 'The shoe maker should stick to his last " With all my heart, but I cannot see how that agnostic refusal to dogmatise upon the phenomena of nature concerns our dealingmtelligently with the things we know A physician may understand the organic nature of a cancer without interring; a cancel demon or in cancer principle in the universe My contention is that the laws and forces of inorganic and brutal nature, translated by theologians into laws of an omnipotent and omniscient Deity, are structurally represented in dogmas of an uii]mrdouiug Deity and unpaidoning Holy Ghost. Iiete ditury guilt, eternal punishment, must other notions which reflect the apparent, cruelty, injustice, and remorselessncss of human nature when not checked by humane forces Some writer, I observe, represents me as applying the word devilish to the conventionalised representations of the Deity It is a word I have never used, and am always careful not to suggest even faintly any belief in a principle of evil Hut Dr. McCrea does not touch the problem when he says, ' Sup puse Nature's laws were inconstant and variable, and that no penalty was attached to the breach of them, that every man could do all the wrong that his selfish animal nature prompted, what a nice orderly world we should have" This sentence implies a moral character in nature's penalties not to be found in them 'the assassin and the saint, employed in their respective aims, may be assailed by impartial nature through that exquisite device, a viper's tooth, and equally perish That winch, 1 sublime, renders a natural theology impossible, is not nature's constancy to its laws, but the immoral and the human character of these laws We could only infer from nature a Hiller capable of punishing the innocent for the guilty, or a father who punishes his child for stumbling by dashing its brains out Assuming an omnipotent will in raising, it must be said that its punish melts are stupidly excessive and brutally un- just Of course, it nature is inorganic and unintelligent, no complaint can be made, or if all this chaos appears order to some point of view far away in the depths of the universe, we may rejoice in all agonies and villainies when we arrive at that point. Hut at present we know nothing of these things, or, in the suffrage of virtues and vices, weeds and fruits, pains and pleasures, were to Ixl taken, the pessimist would stand an even chance of proving against the optimist lim theory of a fundamentally evil order of the universe For myself, give up the attempt to discover the dynamite relations of the moral sentiment to the inorganic universe. I believe that the Bishop of Melbourne is right in saying that our ideas of a Deity are necessarily anthropomorphic I do not find it necessary to frame a metaphysical theory of the thing I love Omnipotence is not essential to the divine nature, but goodness is, and love as I can reverence the Divine character though it be helpless, hung on a cross. I believe with Robert Browning that "A loving world within its cod w ere diviner than a love bless God Amid his words MONCUR). D. CONWAY. 