CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF ENGLAND AND WALES. The annual meeting was held at Bristol in October last, and was distinguished by the recep tion of a deputation from the local English clergy, who nresented an address of welcomfl. From the Christian World we extract the following account of the interesting proceedings :— As the hour ap pointed for the reception of the deputation from the Church of England drew near the chapel and gal leries became densely crowded, whilst deep and intense interest in this 'new departure' was mani fest in every face. As the venerable Dean (Dr. Elliott), who wore a skull-cap, accompanied by Canon Girdlestone and some ^thirty clergymen— for all who had signed the address were not able to be present — entered the chapel and came upon the platform, the assembly rose and welcomed them with enthusiastic and continuous cheering. Each member of the deputation was introduced to the Chairman by the Bev. Urijah Thomas, and received a cordial shake of the hand. Ultimately, the Dein and Canon Girdlestone, having been placed on Dr. Macfadyen's right, and the other clergy, who occu pied half of the platform, on his left, Dr. Elliott, addressing the Chairman, said— Bev. Sir, Mr. Pre sident— I nave sought access to your assembly, and proffer mj thanks that you have accorded it, in order that I may present to the Congregational Union an address of sincere and Christian welcome on its visit to Bristol, signed by fifty-eight of its clergy. During a lone; term of both ministerial and official life, I know of no one act of duty that has devolved upon me which has afforded me more sincere pleasure and satisfaction than that which the kindness of my brethren has imposed upon me to day. If I were speaking for myself, I might have been anxious to say a few further words, couched in the same spirit as that which governs the address, but I have to remember that I am here simply as a delegate Irom my co-signatories to convey to you the definite expressions of this address, and I must refrain. Not so, however, is the position of my brethren, some of whom, I believe, are anxious to add a few words of their own. Allow me now to read the address :— ' We the undersigned clergymen of the Church of England resident id Bristol desire to take part in welcoming the annual Conference of the Congre gational Union to our city, and to give public ex pression to our respect for our fellow- workers in the cause of Christ. Heartily attached as we are to that historic branch of Christ's Church in England, of which we believe to retain institutions derived from the apostolic agn, we nevertheless willingly Tecoenise the work which you are doing in spread ing the fundamental truths of the Kingdom of God. We acknowledge with gratitude the piety and zeal, the learning and eloquence of members of your ministry, and tae abundant blessing with which it has pleased God to prosper your -work both in English-speaking countries and in the missions which your congregations assist in some of the most remote quarters of the globe. We desire that all who hold the truth as it is in Jesus Christ should live in brotherly love with one another, and as far as possible strive to unite then- forces for the furtherance of the Gospel. We pray in our liturgy that God would inspire continually the Universal Church with the -spirit of truth, unity, and concord, and we are sure that in this prayer you heartily join. We have one Lord, one iaith, one baptism. We wish you godspeed in every good work, and we pray that the Holy Spirit may guide you in all your delibera tions to the furtherance of the Gospel of our common Lord and Master.' Continuing, the Dean added: — 'Mr. President, I feel that those of the clergy of Bristol who thus welcome you need fear no loss of esteem among Christian people, because they are ready to thank God for the work which He has enabled their brethren in Christ to do and to ask for His continued blessing on them. I not only hope, but I firmly believe, that you are ready to recipro cate our prayer, and in that hope and belief I am bold to close with the blessing of the mighty Apostle, in voking your Amen. May the grace of pur Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellow ship of the Holy Ghost, be with us all ever more.' After a profound 'Amen,' from the ministers and delegates, Canon Girdlestone, the senior canon of Bristol Cathedral ; the Bev. E. A. Fuller, vicar of St. Barnabas ; the Bev. C. J. Atherton, vicar of St. Paul's, Bedminister ; and Mr. J. M.. Wilson, head master of CUf ton College, having said a few words, the Chairman of the Union, Bev. Dr. Macfadyen, rose to repljr. He concluded as follows : — 'There are many things which we admire in your work, brethren— we admire the wonderful manner in which you carry out the idea of the Christian pastor, and I think I speak the mind of the entire assembly when I say that I envy the devotion, the pastoral sincerity, and fidelity which charac terizes your best-worked parishes in all parts of the country. Then we like to hear your brethren when we have a chance of hearing them. We gladly sit at the feet of your thinkers, and when they publish books that in fluence thought we are amongst the first to listen to what they have to say. Wherever we fiad good work being done I think I may. say that there we shall find the era of co operation has decidedly come in.' After referring to the marvellous uprising of temperance feeling in the Church of England as a foremost cause for joy and congratulation, and in voking the Divine blessing upon the members of the deputation and their ministry, the Chairman con cluded by reminding them of the exhortation of St Paul to walk by the same rule, and mind the same thing. At the suggestion of Canon Girdlestone, the assembly and the deputation joined in singing the hymn commencing 'Jesus the very thought of Thee,' and the session was brought to a close by the Chairman pronouncing the benediction Before leaving the platform, however, the Dean whose kindly and venerable face was beaming wit'1 satisfaction, thanked the members of the Union for the reception accorded to him and his brethren whilst Canon Girdlestone, who seemed equally gratified and pleased, wished them godspeed. 