EDUCATION MEETING AT GAWLER. On Wednesday evening September 12, a meeting of electors was held at the Institute Hall, Gawler, for. the purpose of discussing the education question. The Mayor (Mr. J. C. Wilkinson, J.P.) occupied the chair, and there was quite a representative gathering, all shades of opinion being present. Mr. W. P. Wincey, J.P. (Chairman of the Local Board of Advice), moved the first resolu tion as follows :—" That this meeting is in fa vour of free and compulsory education up to /ears." (Ch< ' the age of thirteen years." (Cheers.) The ques tion was as to whether the State should pro vide elementary education. It had been found necessary in older conntries for the State to provide it, for in England, France, And America, until the matter had been taken in hand by the Government | the majority had grown up without edu ction, only the children of the wealthy classes being educated. The value and neces sity of education led England and other countries to provide elementary education, and, so far as this colony was concerned, it seemed to him that the mass of children could not be educated unless the Government ■did it. Parents could not do it; neither could denominations, nor were there suffi cient of thoBe who could erect suitable ac commodation for the children who taught for a living ; and the State, seeing this, bad committed themselves to elementary ednca- , -tion. They had spent about one- third of a million of money m the erection of school houses and teachers' residences throughout the country, and in Gawler something like """* 3' * addition to £0,000 had been spent. Then, in addi this, they had also provided for raising teachers, for he thought it was pretty well acknowledged that teaching required an apprenticeship as much as any trade or pro fession, and in time they would have a first-class lot of teachers, instrusted, in the best methods of imparting instruction. .Now the question was,-having made all this provisico, is it right that it should be com pulsory or not ? In the great majority, of -cases parents were willing to make sacrifices in order to send their children to school, but there were some who were perfectly careless ■and indifferent about their children, and it was a question as to whether these were to be allowed to keep their children in that state of ignorance by which the streets of their towns were filled, and whom they might look forward to as being in the future their criminal popula tion, and thus he thought it must be compul sory. (Cheers.) Then the next question was as ito whether it Bhould be free. Until recently he had been in favour of letting those jiay who could, but he had come to the conclusion that education should be free, and he would give them his reasons for it. In the first place the total number of children iu IS82 attending school was 38,792, and 4,840 were receiving free instruction, or one out of eight were educated free at the I present time. The cost to the country in round numbers had been that one-third of a million had been spent. The cost of manage ment, &cM; after deducting all repayments, fees, &c.;, was £91,000, but this did not in clude anything for the Advanced School for Girls in Adelaide, which showed a profit. Then school fees that had been retained by -teachers — except Model Schools, where salaries were paid—had been £14,000, and the interest on the cost of the buildings wis £13,000,eo that the total working expenses was £118,000. and this was paid for by fees from Model SchoolB £7,000, paid by parents in other schools £14,000, from Crown lands £15,000, and from general revenue £82,000. But both the £15,000 and £18,000 were ■State money, so that the total amount -coming from the country was £97,000. How, this question of free education affected the working classes more than any others; it was virtually a question for them. It was Admitted that they paid a larger share of taxes than they should do, and he found that in the four years ending 1882 out of Customs Amounting to £2,211,000 the necessories of life had produced £940,000, or nearly half of the whole, and of course the necessaries were consumed by the mass of the people, there fore there could be no doubt that a very large proportion of the taxes did come out of the -working classes, and they need not have any compunction whatever in asking for free education, seeing that it would oe simply reducing the excess that they were now payiDg in the taxation of the country. Then, too, the working classes should occupy as good a position in this colony as in the -other colonies. There could not be Erogress unless there was (increased popu ition, and their colony must be made as attractive as possible, and the status of the working man should be as good here as in the other colonies. (Hoar, hear.) In -Queensland they had free education, and in New South Wales they had recently charged threepence per week up to four children and -the rest free, and now a resolution had passed the Lower House that no more feeB -should be charged. In New Zealand and Victoria it was free, and he said it was in the interests of the colony, and only in justice to them, tbat they should occupy aB favourable ■a position here as in the other colonies. {Cheers.) It would, too, be beneficial to •country teachers, who were often imposed ever tSeje was a holiday people kept their ■children away all the week; and only the ether week, in Gawler, 20 per cent, of the children stayed away on account of a holiday, ■and free education would stop that. It would ■also do away with the difficulty they met with in enforced compulsion where chudren were sent to a private Bchool—which were cften used as harbours of refuge—to escape it. At the present time there were a -quarter of a million acres of land in round numbers dedicated to education purposes, which were let at from Id. to 76. 3d. per Acre per annum, producing a little over £15,000. Now Mr. Martin told them that 160,000,000 acres of Crown lands only brought in £56,000, and if the Government would dedicate another quarter of a million acres for education purposes that would meet any -deficiency. (Loud cheers.) Mr. J. Mabtin, J.P., seconded. For a long time he had been in favour of compul sory education, ai.d he thought if it was com pulsory it should be free. He agreed with Mr. Wincey that the advantages that would accrue to the State would be far more than the losses that might be made for education, and if they were to dedicate a little more of the land for education none of the money for education need come from taxation what ever. It would be far hetter for the colony as a whole to dedicate the laud for this pnr pose than to use it—abuse it, he might say— as they were doing at the present time. Mr. H. Bischof supported the resolntion, and said the schoolmasters in the country were the most miserably paid Government servants, and yet they were the most ser viceable men they had. Mr. C. W. NiqtrET was in favour of free and compulsory education, and he thought a man, or woman, found employing a child under school-going age should l>e fined. (Hear, hear.) Cpunqilfyr May thought After the young artisan went to work there should be some [ s.hcol provided for mechanical training, for a great many- did not known the value of | education until they got alongside a bench. Mr. J. Mossop said he would move an amendment as follows:—" That this meeting has sufficient confidence in the Government of the presenl day to carry out the education scheme." There seemed to be a disposition on the part of South Australians to get every thing they could as cheap as possible. It was .a disgrace to men who were earning decent wages.to ask for free education. Let them ask any Chairman of Board of Advice, and he would Bay it was not the respectable men wtowere brought to the Police Court. A man who objected to pay 3d. or Cd. per week for bis chddren was no man at aiL J No seconder being found, the proposition was put, and carried by a large minority, only four voting against it. The Rev. J. Nicholson moved—" That iu the opinion of this meeting the existing | educational regulations which provides for . Bible-reading before school-hours on the request of ten parents should be amended so as to arrange for Bible- reading and undenomi national1 explanation during school-hours in those schools where amajority of the parents so desire, and that attendance thereat should net be compulsory." His proposal had the merit of being a new, simple, atad practical one, and he could not . but remark upon the strange necessity- there was for pleading for the Bible in the schools when bo great a majority were in its favour. The Bible had got into that' unsatisfactory position through their foolish desire to please all parties, in which they had not succeeded. They had imported British denominational jealousies, which did not suit a young country like ours. They were glad the State had determined to know nothing of the religion of sects and parties, and yet, through fear of the ghost of a State Church, which was a question dead and buried, many good men were playing into the hands of extreme secularists. The term " secular," as it applied to educa tion, originally had quite a technical mean ing. Education might be saturated with Scripture and yet be secular. This meaning survived in the New South Wales Act, which said—" Secular instruction is held by this Act to include general religiouB teaching, as distinct from dogmatical or polemical theology." He had spent fifteen years in Victoria, and was in early life connected with the Education Department, and was somewhat familiar with the growth of public opinion on that matter there. The term "secular" in Victoria was, for the first three years, interpreted as allowing re ligious instruction; but the growth of rabid secularism, which was a distinct sect there, with Sunday seryices, had made it possible for the Education Department to expunge from the schoolbooks all reference to religion. A few weeks ago it was given in evidence that a teacher was describing how Wednesday was derived from the heathen god " Woden," and Thursday from "Thor," and so on with the other days, when a little girl naturally put the question, " What does I Christmas mean?" and the teacher had to say, remembering the twelfth clause (which for bade him dealing with religion)" Well, my dear, we must go outside before I can explain that." (Loud ironical cheers.) Now, that was what Victoria had come to, and he re membered the time when if he had said to the moral men of Victoria that they would bavo submitted religion to such indig nities, they would have scornfully replied :— " Is thy servant a dog that he should do this thing?" Victoria was reaping bitter fruit, and opinion was changing. Only a few weeks ago at Gordon it was reported that only one out of the thirty in the junior class knew anything about Sinai or Ararat, and only two out of forty six in the higher classeB knew anything about Noah. They were not here so rabid in their secularism as Victoria, but he objected to the State favouring so unsavoury a sect aB Secularism, as it did by keeping the Bible out of school hours. On the introduction of the present Act in 1875 they were beguiled into accepting the permissive clause by being told the Bible was not legislated against. At the time he characterized the national attitude sb similar to the Quaker in " Uncle Tom's Cabin" who pushed the slave-dealer over the cliff with the polite phrase, " Friend, thee isn't wanted here." (Laughter.) The Bible was politely bowed out of the schools. This was the practical and almost necessary effect ol the existing law. It was most.ingeniously devised. There could only be Bible-reading before the school work commenced, and what did this mean ? It meant that children must give up play for Bible- reading. (Hear, hear.) That was an unfair competition. The children bad a right to play, and with four and a half hours instruction daily it would be wrong to impose longer hours. Then the parents were fined, if he might so put it, for they had to send their children at an earlier hour, and it meant the sacrifice of many little domestic services, and the chil dren on the play- ground were brought into unfair competition, for children of religious parents would have to endure the chaffing of those whose home instructions were not so pronounced. Under these serious disabilities it was no wonder that only 41 out of 411 schools had Bible-reading at alL This con dition of things did not represent the parental mind of the colony. The poll taken under the sanction of the Education Depart ment, which, he was sorry to see, had been dealt with in a quibbling spirit, showed that 8,215 parents were in favour of Bible- reading, and only 928 against it. He would now expound the resolution, and give reasons for its adoption. It remitted the matter to the parents, who were at once the most J interested and the most disinterested in the question. Parents loved their children, and loved the Bible too. and wished them to have instruction in that good book. Their wish ought to be law. Politicians could not claim to be so interested about other people's chil dren as the parents were themselves, and he thought it would it be wise for them not to oppose, in view of a general election, giving the parents power to settle this matter. If the Bible was put into regular school work, parentB would be free from the disability of sending their children earlier, children would be free from the sacrifice of play for the Bible, and the Bible would be free from unnatural competition. The resolution included " undenominational explanations." He meant no dogma, bnt difficult words should be explained, geo graphical and historical allusions expounded, ana, above all, the great moral truths—such as honesty, truthfulness, generosity, &c.;, should be enforced from the authority of the Bible, and this could be done as it was under the London School Board, "without any attempt) to attach children to any particular denomination." The resolution did not make attendance compulsory. They ought to respect the religions opinion of those who objected, and allow them to he engaged in other secular instruction during the Bible lesson, as was also the practice in the London schools. In regard to the Catholic difficulty, he was prepared to make an exceptional provision for them by allowing the priest or other authorized agent to give 1 Catholic children Bible instruction in a' separate class, and where practicable in a | separate room. Tbis would guarantee the Catholics against the faith of their children being tampered with, and would allow them the coveted opportunity of exerting the influ ence of the Church over them own children. This (proposal was fair in spirit, and repre sentedthe utmost limit to which he conldgo. The Catholics could not say they were ignored I or unfairly hampered. If this resolution were embodied in law its operations would be very simple, as it involved only a slight alteration. A schedule might be prepared by the Minister of Education to be issued to all parents by the head-teacher when re quested to do so by say. six parents. This circular would enable the parents to say whether they wished the Bible lesson in school hours, without compulsory attendance, and with no sectarian teaching. The teacher might send the returns when complete to the Education Office, and from there the official decision could be announced. This plan would settle the prolonged discussion so far as the advo cates of Bible instruction were concerned, because they were willing to let the wish of the parents be law. It ought to satisfy others, because if they object for them selves there would be no compulsory attendance enforced. He thought most would admit that eduoation would be incomplete without the Bible. The State ] bad undertaken primary education, and secured a practical monopoly. Many private schools where Bible-reading obtained had been closed, and what the State undertook should be done thoroughly. Wellington wisely said that to educate the mind without | improving the heart was to make " clever devils." The Bible was the basis of morals, and the only authoritative standard of appeal. Morality could not he taught effectively without referring to the divine moral law. If a teacher sought to reprobate lying, and was not permitted to allude to the Great God of Truth and His revealed Will, he would need to fall back upon a lower plane of appeal, and speak only of the inconvenience of being found out. (Laughter.) The materialistic "Law of Con sequences". would be the liigheBt standard of appeal. This would be disastrous to high toned morality. The Bible was the basis of | history, and contained the only record of the earlier ages of the world. If youth grew up ignorant of the Bible, then the allusions to Bible facts and persons to be met with in general literature would be like an unknown tongue, and would convict them of imperfect education. He agreed with Emerson and others, who spoke of such education as " lopsided." He was not the man to relieve parents of their duty. (A voice—" What is i the Sunday-school doing?") He did not | underestimate the work of Churches aud Sunday-schools. That matter was summed up in an epigram of Joseph Cook's when he said Sunday-schools were "efficient but not sufficient." Less than two hours | a week was not enough Bible instruc tion, and if State schools gave Bible facts, parents and Churchworkers could build on that foundation, and more effectively teach spiritual religion. The State could not afford to allow the morals of the youth to be neglected. It was no use contending for an ideal state of perfection in regard to parental duty, and allow the problem to solve itself in practical indifference to the Bible and its morals. Another reason he had for the adoption of the resolution was that public opinion had pronounced in its favour. When 8,215 parents said " yes" to Bible-reading, and only 828 "Noand when the ayes represented 18,260 children and the noes only 2,024, it would be very unfair to allow so small minority to overrule the wishes of such 9 majority. We were democratic in our form of rule, and believed in " Government by the people and for the people," and on that principle he claimed the settlement of this question. A final reason was that wherever Bible instruction had been tried it was a proved success. Gladstone had said the religious difficulty when it came to practice was insignificant and was a difficulty made rather for Parliament and debate than for the school." The London School Board's operations were eminently satisfactory. Mr. Mundella, the Vice-president, said on July 14 he "had received only one complaint "for the three years he had administered the Education Act, and the London School Board dealt with 300,000 children. (Cheers.) Only 1 in 4,000 was withdrawn on account of the religious diffi culty in London, with its varied natiouali ties. In Ripon (in Yorkshire) out of 87,621 only 27 were withdrawn. In St. Albans out of 25,297 only 63 were withdrawn. In Lich field out of 72,645 only 47 were withdrawn. In Birmingham, after seven or eight years' experimenting without Bible-reading, they had returned to their first love and decided to have Bible-reading on December 4, 1680. In America, New South Wales, Tasmania, and, indeed, in South Australia too up to within seven years ago, the reading of the Bible did not create any religious diffi culty. An ounce of faith, he thought, was worth a bushel of theorizmgs. (Cheers.) Seeing the term " secular" had undergone a disastrous change, and the sad fruits of it were abounding in Victoria; remembering the insurmountable difficulties in the existing permissive law, and the decisive character of the parents' poll; calling to mind the fair proposals and simple operations of his resolu tion, which if legalized would settle this much-vexed question; and observing that a serious flaw in moral education would be sup plied by Bible instruction, which had proved a success wherever tried, ne claimed the vote of every intelligent and fair-minded elector on behalf of the resolution. (Cheers.) Mr. S. B. Rudall seconded the proposi tion, because he thought the young of to-day would be those who would in the future make the colony, and they wanted something better than a fitness for mere money-making, and no better principles could be found than in the Bible. (Hear, hear.) He thought they ought to do all they could to get this matter carried by their legislators, ana if they would not, then turn them out. (Cheers.) Mr. J. Gbeenway supported the resolution, which was carried amid cheers, there being only two hands held up against it. A vote of thanks to the Mayor for presid ing closed the meeting. 