I NEWS OF THE DAY. I -c-. , I The diroctor of the Port Darvmt-Baojowangio cabio i telegiaphed to the Eloctiio lelograph Department >es j teriiay to the ofieet that tbo cublo steamer vas paying I out cable and it wt o hoped she would roach Bunjov m^io last oven'Eg. Up to tho timo of our going to prosa, I however, wc did not receive any advice as to coeumu i nication with that place having boen reotored. Iho Tannadice (t.), is expected to ariivo at Port Darwin to- day, and in the event of communication not being restored, sbu will take telegraph mossugea to Banjoe wungie, to ho forwarded meneo to their lospoctne dcsti mtiocs. lui. debato upon the motion for tho second reading of tne Conteníi/t of Court Bill wos loounied in Iho Legislatno Council yesterdaj, and sevrai members (.poke on tbo mentuio Mr A. Campbell moved tho luither aa|ournment of tbo doLute until W ednesday next, and this motton was curried on division by 113 votes to 0. Tnr greater part of tho sitting of tho Legislativa Assembly xestcidiy was wetted on a motion tor tho adjournment ol the Uou6e, moved by Mr. M'Rlbono fur the purpose of continuing tho attack ho made on tho Goveroment ou luisday nignt. Attor this the Ilouse, on the motion ot Mr. liickott, approved of tno nostal contiact enttiod into by tbo Ooveinment with tho Cunt Company. The postponed clause of the Firo linga Us Bill was. dou t with in Committee of the Wbole A bulect committee was appointed to inquire I into tho appraisement of town lots in lemora, and a j motion by Mr. Vaughn, for tim payment ot couipensa I tton tor all lands talton from privute persons tor loads j and streets, wus withdrawn. The Wiiiettt which the Government intends to pro- ceed with in the Legislative A-rttmbly next week is the coti.-ideration ol' tlio Land Boilers Inspection lill), the L'iiiveri'ity Extension Dill, tho Libol Law Bill, and aleo the Publies Watering Places and Keserves Bill, which was withtlraivn on Wadnosdoy by Air. Abbott fe>r tbe reason that it imposed a charge upon the public revenue nnd should havo been introduced in committee, and which will be re- iutroducod on Wednesday next iu the proper way. It is probable that no financial state rnont will bo mndo until after tho division oa tbe_ motion for tho second reading of the Land BM^ttgS? until the bill has rcachod such a stago that the Govern-/ montean form some estimate ot the amount of rovefluo that is likely to ba obtainod under tbo bill. I.*ï roply to a question asked in tho Legislative Assembly by Mr. Garvaii, a return has betn prepared, which shows that during 1S8L) Messrs, Wright, iioaton, and Oo. paid to the Railway Department the sum of "157,170 103. ; during 1881 thuy paid £22Ô,.-j81 17s. ü'd. ; during 1882, £234,405 Se. lOd. ; and up to May 81, 1883, they paid £98,050 17s. 2d. During tho period rei'errod to the finn, in question recoivod rebates from tho Government amounting to "M3 17s. Mu. T«. O. Smith's hill to amend tho Electoral Act, which is down on the business pnpor of tho Legislativo .Assembly for second reading to-day, simply repeals tha expansive provisions of the Act, so that after tho oleo loi ates whioh are at present entitled are given increased rc-preseiitatiou no further addition is to be made to the number of members of the Asjeoibly. Mr. Hi-ydox's bill to alter tho law respesting remedies for trespass to land, contiins the following enacting clauses:-"2. In any aotion hereafter tobo brought in roapect of any trespass to land, tho plaintiff's title to, or posses-ion of which tho defeudaut shall not by his dofenca have disputed, tha plaintiff shall 'not recover any damages for aot of "ssspaes committed moro than 12 months boforo tho action shall heive been begun. 3. When in any such antion brought ia tho Supremo Court tho defendant by his pfas shall hivo admitted tho plaia .till 'a title tu and po-)=e»«ion of the land alleged to hitvo beoa tri;sp.isse'd upon tbo pl.iintilT moy bugin his action e2e' itnro in tho ni-anst District Court of tho district ia which tho alleged trespasívs htivo boen committed, which commencement of action {ti tho District Court «hull opor«ito B3 a stay of ptoot'c-dinjcs in tho Supreme Court uclion, and all the coots incurred in such Supreme Coiut action up to suoh admission shall bo costs in tho cause, to abide tto event of tho trial in the District Oouit, And in such nations cont'nued by tho plaintiff in the Supwnio Court after such admis "oa as at'oro said the plaiutifl shall recover no ni.iro costs than damages.'' Amoxo tho various bills which Mr. A. G. Taylor has moved the first reading of in tho Legislativo Assembly is into, to empower the Governor to curtail the limita of a prorogation of Parliament, by giving six days' notice' by proclamation. Another ol' his bills proposes to extend the jurisdiction uf Courts of Petty Sessions to üol); a third mi asura which he bas introduced pro- ponen to increase tho jurisdiction of tho District Court to JL'iJUO; a fourth bill, brought in by tho, sume hon. member, has for its object to make a quorum to con-ist of one-third ol' the total number of members, or if tho total number is not dividablo by threo, of the whola nuiubsr ni st greater thuu ouu-lbird of tho total. Titi: bill brought in by lili*. A, 0-. Taylor, to abolish the practice of Hogging criminals, commences with the toll owing preamble:-" Whereas tho practice of flog- ging criminals is inhuman and unnatural, and further- more, is ropuliivn to man and displeasing to God,"&o.; There is only one clause to tho bill, which provides that hr-nceforth it sliull not he lawful to inflict the punishment of flogging upon any person convicted before any court in tho oslouy. Tin: weather yesterday was somewhat unsottlod, but no rain fell. Tue wind also wus very variable, veer- ing from S.W. round to R.K., and then to eastward. Tbo slty had it very thre-atenihg appoarànee all day, und at the timo wo went to preBS thora sooitiod to he every appearance of rain. Och Paris cot respondent directs attention to two meat-men now beforo tho Chamber of Deputies of a social character-the one to legalise divorce, and the other otylod a bill for legalising "la recherche de la paicrniu;" tho details ol' which will be found iu his j letter, which appears in another column. The law in I Prunco relating to tbe responsibilities of the parents of j illegitimate children is the opposite of the English law, all tho penaltios being thrown on tho mother. A vEiiY intoresting memorial of the late Archbishop ) of Sydney has just buen executed by Mr. G. J. Broiuowslsi, Some time ago tho artist designed and drew 3ü small black and white obotohes of Bcencs from the New Testamonf, commencing with the Sermon ou the Mount, dealing with tho life and death of pur Saviour, and ending with tho Descent of the Holy Ghost. Of theeo Archbishop Yaughan himself wrote : -"It afford-; mo much ploasure to be,able to speak of Mr. G. .1, Broinowski's work, " ViaOruois," in tonna of ! praise. The subject is truly devotional, and the | design in keeping with refined tasto," This main design is no.v surrounded by a beautifully iinishod border, which gives it eomowhat the appearance of a li.ncc-t-shaped bas relief, with Gothic finitils. On tho right | is a faithful portrait of Archbishop Vaughan, and on tbo loft ono of Archbishop 1'oliling, and bolow are smaller figures reprosonting St. Gregory, the Venerable Dado, St, Benedict, and St. Augustine. Thore ia also a representation of St. Mary's Cathedral, ne it will appear when Iinishod, and tbo lur.ciiption is, "In memoriam HopcrL llcdm Fuug'utii, 0. S, _., sccuneti Archicpiscopi e'i ¡Ictropol Haiti Sidnicnsis, in Australia.." In aize tho doiiign is 'ID inches by 32 indios. Unduh the bill introduced by Mr. Gould to furtbror amend th'o District Courts Act of 1838, it is proposed to provide for tho it-sue of a summons in a special form ' for the i poo very ot any claim for a liquidated domaaii, ¡ and for judj-mcnt.on aliiduvit of service and a verified ! account of what is duo, in tho event of a notice of in- tention to defend not being tiled within the time men- tioned. It ia oleo proposed to allow a plea of cross action, or of an equitable defenco, upon givin g tho uko notica required for the opeoial du- ! \ fenoei onutnerato-] in the original Aot. Provision ! is also mude to enable a Judgo to direct ' tbo trial of causon by a jury, notwithstanding tho I absenco of any iipp'ieution by oilber plainttir or defend- J ant, and also to dimot the ttial of oau60s in like manner ! on tho application of either of the partios whoro the amount «sought to bo roaovernd dons not oxcood £10. ' «Thorn is also a provision that oases undor £10 nhall bo tried boforo a iurv if both uartiea desire it. 'It is ako proposed to award costa against a plaintiff where thorf appears to bo no jurisdiction in tho Court to try th? notion ne exists where a plaintiff is nonsuited, and ta i repeal the proviso to tho eeotion pf tho principal Act . thut no cort» -ro to bo allowed where tho arnountsoughi to bn recovered nona not exceed £10 A > influential deputation le this morning to wait on the hon tbo Socretary for Pubho Works, to present ta lum the following petition, signed by 14 mambora ol Pat li meut, 50 «ildermon, and about 2000 othors -? " 1 hat t1 o present bad ntuto of tho Newtown and Coorc-i Ki vor load, especially that section therooi . situated botweon tho junctions of tho said road with Lhgh street and the Lumoio load, is injurious to youl pditionerä and a drawback to their prosperity. That youl petitioners, from observation, and after matura consideiation, are of op'Dion that the host macadamised, roil is not sttblo enough to bear tho heavy traffio that! daily pa ¡tes over tho section referred to, thatunlcs tucU section bo put and kept ni the beotordor, such largo anc* heavy tralho muBt ovoio or less bo diveited into by-stneta to tbo cost and injury of one or moro municipalities. Thut considering the superior durability, stability, and copiparatixoly speaking Bhgnt cost of maiuta nmg a , read bud with wooden blocks, and that tho giadiinU o£ the taid sootion aro very etsy, youl petitioners respect«, fully suggest that the BRid section bo laid witn wooden I bloclis. That the laying of tha said section with wooden blocks would have tho affect of widouing tho proïent a\ »liable carringa woy soma five feet, to tbo beucht of a'l travellers over said section, \ould diminish tho coit ot scavenging and 6tieet watering to tho advantage ol many of your petitioner!?, and v ould relieve them to a great extent trom the posts of dtiol a id mud from which they now suffer, lour potittonera thcreforo humbly pray you to take then case into you* moot favourable consideration, ana cause the s<.id section ot tho Newtown road to be laid with wooden blocks." Inr following regulation under the Fisheries Acts has bien issued by the Governor and rxecutive Coun- cil -" If an} purson shall sell, or cou ncn, or expose for 6ale, or have in his possession, or on his promises, any fish ot any of the spooics enumerated horeunder, of a less weight than that sot opposite to the namo o£ such ii'h, ho shall be liable to the penalties provided by section 11 Marino-Schnapper or rod bream, lboz. ; bream (black), 6o«¡., tarwhino, Ö07., blackfish, ¡jo/* t rock cod (blaok or red), 8or. , gurnet, 4oz , flathead. So?. Mullet-Soa (including tho variety commonly known as hard-gut mullet), Uo7,, ilattuil, lo/. , sand, loz Whiting, 4o<! , flounder, d07 , sole, <k>?. , pike, 8o7., trac olly, 6o¿. , garfish, ~o/. , lobster (sultwatorj or craj fish, loo/. Freshwater-Cod (or Murray cod)t lboz., perch, lo/., tho Murray Elver lobster, oi fresh« i water crayfish, do/. ") A nETcTitx was laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly a fow days ago, on the motion of Mr» M'Elhone, showing particulars of all " pictures,, statuary, so-called works of art, and other wares," purchased by Sir Henry Parkes or his Government, fop which the money was not votod by Parliament. Thg total cost of the artiolos in question is stated to hav«. been £19,720 lis. 4d., which was paid out of the Troasuror'e Advance Account, and was sinco transferred lo Votes of Parliament, with the oscoption of £0970 7s. 9d, It appears by a return recently printed by order o$ the Legislativo Assembly that the total cost of thg Now South Wales tramways up to the end of last year was £108,145, of which the Bridge-street to Bede fern line coat £4l,G03 ; Liverpool-street to lîandwici and Coogee cost £0(3,443 ; Darlinghurst to Waverloj! and Woollahra cast £37,332 ; Orown-stroot to Clovex land-street cost £0511 ; railvray to Glebe Point ami, Forest Lodge o at £38,827 ; Devonshire- street junction to Botany, £71.202; Nowtown-road junction to Marrickville, £30,100; Campbelltown to Camdon, £20,510. llolliug-stoek, £136,430. The earnings aro given as follows :-llodfern to Bridge-street, £23,651 ; Liverpool-atroot to Coogeo, £22 323 ; Darlinghurst to Waverley and Woollahra, £33,22(3 ; Crown-stroet to Cleveland-street, £10,408 ; Ballway to Forest Lodga and (jlebe Point, £8530 ; D-iyonshiro-otreet to Botany, £18,810 ; Xewtnvc-roud to Murrio!- ville, £9110 ; Campbelltown to dinden, £2153. The total expenditure for working the eover^l eeutinun, lakoa in tbo Barns order, shows the follow« incr figure :-£.'S,440, £20,813, £23,-117, £05'SO, £01378, £1(3,301, £0130, £2720, or a total of £120,181, as against tim total looeipts of £128,355, which givos a credit balance of £8174, or nearly (r-1 por cent. The total amount of discuunl allowed to vendors of tram tickets was £1,800 1 Is, 3d. There wore from 31 to 30 motors in running order, and 5 to 10 uudcr repair?. The umouut actually paid for resumption of private property wob £9773, Another return shows tho cost of the différent deourip«. tious of tram cars and other particulars. The double« docked cars, xyith two four-wheel bogies, carrying 0O pas-engors each, cost in the olassos known as A, Al, A2t "130, £G7o, £503 respectively, and their woigùta are U tons 5ewt., 7 tons 3owt. and 7 tons 5cwt. rcspeotivcly. The double-deck oars with bíx wheels, to carry GO pas« Bengoro, and a similar kind of car with four wheels, each coat £190, and weighs -lions ISawt. Another olasa c1' car of tho tame dimensions and description cost XifcO, and anothor kind cost £485. Xhero were twa kinds of singlc-deok box pattern, with two four-wheel bogies, lo carry 50 passengers, which eaoh weigh 6 tons, und cost £773 and £075 respectively. The single deck car?, with open sides, which weigh 5 tons, oosti £100, and thoy carry 70 passengors. Wr. have boen ruquestod to notify, for the informa- tion of the pubho, that the i'oßtmaster-üoneral has received from tho postal authprities at Home a com- munication advising the discontinuance of the use o£ linen or canvas- lined envelopes in transmitting oor respondenct) by way of Italy, as in consequence of the naturo ot the Italian quarantine regulations euch correspondence is subject lo 15 days' détention in that country. Dit. Snr_«.' lecture on the oheolta, skin, neclr* shoulders, foi ehoad, and memory was largely attendod? last evening at the Protestant Hall, and proved to be a¡ most valuable and entertaining discourse The subjeottf for this evening aro the hair, board, feet, handB, and. handwiiting, with their indications of mental quali« ties, A very instructive temperance lecture, accompaniei with some appropriate lantern viows, was delivered by Mr. J. T. llowlanda on Tuesday ovoning at the Pres- byterian Church, Canterbury. Mr. Dunkley presided. At Ute. conclusion of the leoturo a number of person? advanced to the desk of the secretary and Bignod thi total abstinence pledge. we nave boen shown by Mr. John Hunter, a resident of Trufikoy, eomo spooimens of very fine looking gold which ho states were obtained from a lodo, ? at Pine ltldgo, near Trunkey, hotweoa Carcoar and Bathurst. The spocimous consist of a bar and a oako ofi of gold whioh together weigh 127oz, They are the result of a orushing which is taid to havo yielded t an average of «boat 5dwts. to tho ton, and as tha etuff is soft and easily worked, this yield is stated ta be very profitable. We are informed by Mr, Hunter that there aie many thousands of tonta in the locality containing fine gold evenly distributed throughout, but at prosent only one olaiui is being worked. A îrAoïsTnnrAr, inquiry was held yesterday, at Bex- ley, by the City Coroner, Mr. U. Shi eil, J.P., witii re- gard to the death of a little boy named Ilornco Jordan Parkes, aged 2 yoarsand 3 montkt. Ou Tuosday after- noon the deceased wns found in a waterhole near hi3 parents' residence. He had soma time previously boon seen playing in . the vicinity of the hole with a dog, and it is presumed that whila 60 . engaged ho fell into it. Tho body was dincovarod iu the hole, which only contained 2 foot 6 inched of water, by an older brother of tho deceased, oa his return from Behool. Ho having informed ' his mother of thu occurrence, she immediately proceeded to the place aud recovered the body. The usual restora- tives were atterwardB applied, but life proved to'ha I oxtinot. The coroner found that death was accidentally I cau*ud. Aï. explosion of gas which might have bean attended with very serious rosults ooourred early yesterday morning in a house occupied by Mona. Henri, in Vic tono-streot. It appsara tbat an escape of ¡ni waa noticed by Mous. Henri, who, after examining the elmudolior, struck a match, the result being an explosion. The plaster was torn irom a portion of tho ceiling, some oí tho windows wara smashed, tho doora of tho house wera splintered, end M. Hcnii waa pevorely burnt about tho hoad and hands. Ho waa subsequently aeon by Dr. Schuctto, who attendod to hid wounds. A cms i> boggar waa brought bafora tho Lunacy Court) (at tho Water Polloe Oourt) on Wednesday on a charge of boina- deemed to bo insane, but as it appeared F--'--'-? 'that what waa regoldad as occentrioity was due to an ..uncontrollable and violent temper, tho man was dis- charged. Documents, &c;, wero found in posBOBBion of the beggar whioh indicated that ho was possessod of money amounting to upwards £140, Tni: unfortunate man Joseoh Macgregor, who met with an accident on the Waverley tram on Tuesday last, and who was subsequently conveyed to tho hospital, j appears to be still in a very critical state. It will bo romombered that Macgregor, who is a tram conduotor, fell and injured his head whilst passing from ono our to another. lie spout a very rostless night on "Wednesday continually tossing to and fro, and, imagining that he waa following his usual occupation, kept on calling out "Waverley" and "Woollahra" tho whole ol tho night. Thero was no improvement in him yesterday, and his caso ia considered almost hopeless. Davtd GiuiiAii, a carpenter at Dennington (tho Argus reports) committed suioido by drinking spirits of Bolts. Ho first tried to burn his house, by heaping up and sotting firo to his furniture in the absence of his wife. A neighbour frustrated his attempt, and Graham then went out to tho stable, seized a bottlo of spirits of salts, and drank it off. Medical aid was procured, and remedies woro administered, but the man died. An t inquest was held, at which a verdict was given that tho deceased died from the effects of poison, administered whilst in an unsound stnto of mind, brought on by O-COBsive drinking. TnriiTEEN years ago (says the Pall 2Tall Gazette) tho French Empiro porished on tho field of Sedan. Thirteen years ago on September 4 tho Fronoh Republio was pro- claimed in tho streets of Pmis. Momentous as was that great revolution in the destinies of Franco, it was less momentous than tho revolution simultaneously accom- plished in tho destinies of Europo. Franco lost an Emporor and gained a Republic, but tho headship of Europo pasted at the samo mornont to the Gorman Empire. In tho icpublic of tho Continent oaoh Sove- reign Stato brooks no suzerain. -Tominally all ara equal. Sorvia ii us Sovereign as Spain, Bolgium as EuBBia. But in reality all tho Powers are well awaro that the lirst placo at tho European Council-board balonga de facto to tho strongest of thoir number. Since Sedan that position has belonged to Germany. Her right to it was proved then; it has novor been ohallenged since. For l8 yoirs Germany has hold un conteäted tho headship of Eui ope, and the latest anni "jeraaiy of her 01 owning victory lind* hor authority more firmly established, more universally reoognised, than at any poriod since tho great war. Tice French proclamation of the blockade of tho /last of Annam desfvo-t t'observes a London paper) a distinguished placn in tho curiosities of modern war. "o begin with, tho French Government declared that they win o not at war with Annam. Thon they bom- barded the foils that guard tho gates of tho capital of tho Annamite Empiro, aud dictated a treaty of peaoe at the cannon's mouth to the successor of Tu Duc. Then .ffhenaxvar, which accordiner to tho French Minister . was nover to bo mado, bad been brought toa close by a treaty of poace, tho French admiral issues a notioo de- claring that all the ports aro in a otata of offectivo Wockado .* on account ot tho war botwonn Franco and iAnnam." To make the situation still mora grotesque .the proolamatiou ia antedated by fourteen days, and a (blookado is proclaimed on the let of Septembor, after .the war is over, on the strength of a notice dated August 17, beforo tha war was begun. An interesting table illustrative of the diminished i volunto of trade in America has just been published in -Boston. Managers of 28 clearing-houses in the United .States give cloaranoes for August 4 with tho correspond ing week of last year. Tho decrease amounts to as much as 42.3 per cent, in Now York. The averago decroasa outside of Ne w York, however, is comparatively Bmall, being only 8.2 por cent. The aggregate cloor Bnoes amounted to £150,301,044. Tm: United States Government Printing Office, whioh ÎB said to bo the largest establishment of its kind in tho .world, is valued at 5,000,000 dollars (£1,062,500). .The disbursements la«t year (ending Juno 80) were 2,635,159 dollars (£559,971). The daily pay of employes is 5C00 dollars (£1190). It is estimated that from 1789 to 1881 the total outlay for Government -printing has been in tho neighbourhood of 100,000,000 dollars (£21,250,000). A coKREsroNDEifT of the _st aw, .writing from Kheeri, Oudh, sends the following account of a fatal embrace of a gigantio python :-" A boy, agod 15, was out hording cattle on the Baniporo Grant, noar Gola, in this distriot (Kheeri). "Walking about with another boy they sud- denly carno on a very large python. Not knowing exactly what it was, tho elder boy walked forward to look at it, when the snake suddenly rushed forward and seized him ; the other boy ran off to a villago »nd gavo the alarm. When the villagers first arrived at tho epot (it was in Snkhoo jungle) thoy were under the im- pression that a leopard had aoized the boy, but gradually going closer and closer they found the boy entwined in the embraces of a huge python some 1(3 feet lone. Several blows were given to tho animal with kodars before thoy could induce it to partially unfold the embrace, when, getting hold of tho hoy's arm, they managed to eztricato the boy, and rushing on the animal despatched it with their kodars. The poor boy .was quite dead ; his stomach had boon burst open by the violence of the snake's ombraco, and the ribs and hones all moro or lees brokun. The skin of the snake I saw yesterday at; Gola, and it mu3t have beon a huge oreaturo, the circumference of the body at its thickest part being equal to an ordinary man's thigh." Tnx Now Tork correspondent of the Baily News telegraphs that tho alarming rumours reooived in England concerning the revival of the Irish conBpiraoy in America are regarded with inoredulity there. It is well known, ho adds, that Irish interest in the agitation is mora stagnant than it has been for years, and that instead of combining for fresh exertion, the loaders are quarralling among themselves. Bossa and his faotion are denouncing M'Dermott as a spy in the pay of England, and declaring that ho has no information of valua to giva. John Dovoy says Bossa was in league with M'Dermott to betray the Irish plana, and that his organisation protects and encouragea informers. Tira Standard says:-"Whatever obullitione of temper or impatience the German nation, and still mora thoir frotful Chancellor, may aomotimea have exhibited, the German people and tho German Govern- ment have worn thoir honours with moderation and wíbo forbearance. It ia idle to attempt to deny that tho diplomacy and polioy of Germany havo baon of the most pacific and moderate oharaotor since Sedan waa fought, Wa search the pages of history in vain for another instance of a triumph so complote being used by the victors with suoh good sense, such a regard for others, suoh a deference to justice and ceuiity. This ia high praise, but it is not more than tho Gorman Emperor, Princo Bismarck, and the German people de- serve l'or this reason Englishmen will hail the namo of Sedan with satisfaction, and need not hesitnto to assort that they havo more confidence in Germany than in a so-called ' ally ' that novar was at rest, even whan it had crushed tho indopondonoo of the Statos around it." An interesting educational exporimont ia dosoribed in a report of the special committee on evening olassoa of tho London School Board. The exporimont waa due to tho enthusiasm of Mr. T. E. Helier, who in July last year persuaded the board to establish in varioua districts classos wherein young poople who had loft Behool for business might continuo theil studios at thoir own charges, A siMPiE inexpensive methoa or oioanng ;tne waste pipe of washstands, bath-tub, or kitchen, the stoppage of which ofton entails great expenso, is said to be as follows :-Just before retiring at night pour into the |pipo enough liquid potash Ive of 36 degrees strength to lull the " trap," as it is called, or bont portion of tho pipe jost below the outlet. About a pint will Buffice for a washstand, or a quart for a bath-tub or kitohon eink. Be sure that no water runs into it till noxt ?morning. During the night the lyo will convert all of the offal in tho pipo into soft soap, and ,tho first our ïent of water in the morning will romovo it ontirsly, and leave the pipe as olean as new. The so-called .potash lye is not reoommendod for this purpoae. Tho ïyo should be kept in heavy glass bottles or demi- johns, covorod with wicker-work, and plainly labolled ; tilwayB under look when not in aotual use. Tnn confirmed omokor will be delighted to road what Mr. Wilkio Collins sayB about tobacco :-" When I am ill tobacoo is tho best friond my irritable nerves possoss. "When I am well, but exhausted for tho time by a hard day's work, tobacco nerves and composes me. There is my evidence in two words. When a man allows him Belf to bocomo a glutton in tho matter of smoking tobacco, he suffers for it ; and if he booomeB > glutton in the matter of «_tinn .___. j-_ j mt u outainl/ añilara in another way. À man who livos by the work of his brain livos under artificial condition«, and must have artificial help. Natural champagne (vin orut) is my help. In my experience there is no tonio for the oxhaustod nervoua system so offectual and ao harm« loss." Os_ of the most original statistical freaks of anoient or modern times (obsorvoa an American paper) waa that of taking a census of all the barn-door fowl in Franco. Tho result is that thora are at present in the Bepublio 45 millions of theso bipeds, representing a total value of 25 million dollars'. Dons are in tho majority, of course. Thpy numbor 34 millions, and hatch 100 millions of chickens every yoar, of whioh 10 millions dio as ohicks, 10 millions aro preserved for breoding purposes, and 30 millions are eaton, thoir consumers paying from 26 to 27 million dollars for tho luxury. Furthor, it is asoortainod that the 34 million hans lay 90 eggs each per annum, and that these three thousand and sixty million eggs aro worth forty million dollars. Thus tho good pooplo of Franco consumo from sixty to soventy million dollars worth of eggs nndohiokens avery yoar. The Bombay Gazette states that tho fumos of burn- ing sulphur aro said to have the efl'eot of killing oholera germs. " It is on róoord that by froely burning sulphur in the houses or streots of Indian villages, the spread of oholora has beon promptly stopped, and, wo boliove, it is pretty well established that within a cortain area around gasworks casos of oholora never ooour, the sul- phuric fumos being fatal to tho germs of that disease. All that is necessary is to light a number of small fires throughout the area to be proteoted.and throw handfuls of sulphur from time to time on the hot embers." Arnopos to the forthcoming meeting of the Itiflo Association, wo oxtraot tho following from a London newspaper:-"At last we hoar that moving and vanish- ing targets have boen provided at Aldorshot for the uso of the troops, who will lire ton rounds at 200 yards at the « head and shoulders ' target ; 10 rounds at a figure target, tho range boing again 200 yards ; and 10 rounds at n moving target, the shortest distance not to fall below 150 yards. The same rango, not loss than 150 yards, is also clioáon for the vanishing target, at which also 10 rounds will bo fired. All this is satis- factory, and it may seem unfair to look a gift horse in-the mouth. But it is impossible to forgot that nearly all tho nations in Karopo havo boen doing pre- cisely theso things for many years past, while we have been logging behind. And the vory system which is now boing adoptod for tho first time in England was described as existing in Prussia in 1S65, l8 years ago, in a report by a party of artillery oiHcors aent to travel in Europe," * A coitucsroxTir.N'T writos to the Times of India:-In your ÍB3U8 of Eriday, September 14, you say you aro not aware that tho phonomona of tbo peculiar oppoar anco of tho sun has boon noticed in Bombay. I will just communioato to you what I have jotted down in my memorandum on Woduesday, the 12th Soptombor : "This ovcaing about sunset, the sun and the moon boiag visible, the nature of the clouds in tho western sky woa so very uncommon that tho disc of the sun appeared of a greaui-h blue colour, and the sunshino looked soraowhat like moonlight." Those wlio did not seo this phenomenon expected to see it the nest evening, but they were disappointed, the western heavens thon boin cr of a wonderful crimson oolour. The Government of New South Wale« (says tho Pall Mali Gazette) has bean fortunate in its recent order for three marble statues of heroic size for the adornment of the now Govcrnmont Offices at Sydney. Signor Fontana, if not in the highest rank of European sculptors, is always painstaking and eifeotivo. In tho present oasa his statue of tho Queen-Empress, gorgeously arrayed in velvet, ermino, and silk, and embodying, not without dignity, the solid Majesty of England, is well fitted to occupy the place of honour in tho capital of a distant dependency. Tho block of marble, 6 feet (1 inobes in height, is of spotless purity. In the statue of the Prince of Wales, who is represented in a Cold marshal's uniform, as in that of her Majesty, every detail of dress is carefully attended to. The hkenosses in both oases are good. The third figure, an allogorical representation of tho colony, is of a buxom young woman, elad as a nymph, with a garland of the waratah, a flower peculiar to New South Wales, round har hoad, and a marino sheep orouching at her feet. In one hand she carries a cornucopia of the regulation pattern, in the other a wreath of laurel. Hor appear anoe will probably come up to the expectation of tho loyal and patriotic colouista who havo voted £8000 for the three statues whioh will be shipped for Sydney in a few weeks._ 