A CONFESSION OF FAITH. [By the Bev. T. De Witt Talmage, D.D.] People all over the country, in the church and out of ibe church, are now telling what they believe and what they do not believe; so X suppose my torn has come to tell what I believe. I can tell yon in five minutes. I believe in God, the good, the kind, the loving, the 'just, the independent, the omni potent. I believe in Jesus Christ, with a heart large enough to take the whole race in Sis compassion, and perhaps other worlds. zorxao not Know due wax tie nas done as much for other spheres as He has done for ours. I believe in the Holy Ghost, an im ' portuning, elevating, sublimating, purifying, gracious personage — gentle as the dove that symbolised Him at the baptism/and yet as in tense as the fiery tongues which covered the beads of the diiciples at the Pentecost. I believe an a soul immortal, winged for . . eternal flight, and having free choice whether that .flight shall be upward or downward. I . believe in a heaven built on so vast a scale that there is room for all angelhood, all man hood, all womanhood, all childhood, and not a monopoly for a few, but twelve gates for all. . I believe in a perdition, the abode of those ?who are soul-suicides, for God pushes no man off the precipice. He jumps off. 'Oh, Israel, them bast destroyed thyself !' Ton see, it is self-destruction. If a man is in peril, and there aie twelve gates wide open to let him -\ 1b', and he turns his back on the twelve gates ' and jumps into the. crater of a volcano, who is to blame? Certainly not the man who swung open the twelve gates. And if any man misses heaven it will not; be God's fault, but the fault of those who perish. 'aV says some one, *? Hot? can a merciful God allow any suffering hereafter?'' I will answer your question as easily as you will ? . «nswer mine. ~ Why does a merciful Gol allow that good woman to marry a man who makes her fife a hell on earth? How can a merciful God allow bad people in Brooklya to prosper in health, while Bev. Dr. Buding ton and Rev. Dr. Rockwell, men who speat their lives in doing good, die of cancer in tie face? Ton answer my question and I will answer yours. You tell me why a merciful God allowed sin to come into this world, than I -will tell you why God lets sufferiog ;. -go on in the nether world. I go oa, ? and. I say I believe in baptism, the water beautifully symbolic of a cleansing of the soul, and this whether the bright iiqnididropffom a wooden cup, as when in ioly:, rite 'the Covenanters of Scotland . sprinkled their children among the High . lands;- br_ whether the candidate have whole Jordans roll over him. I believe in the King's banquet, commonly called the Lord's Supper, and welcome to its table all who acknowledge ... allf giance to Him, of whose atonement the blood of the Gospel is efficacious. I believe in the Bible from lid to lid inspired, yet the sacred writers no more, approve of some of the conduct described in the Bible than Macaulay approves of all the conduct in Engiairti described in his history, but a Bible from Jid tolid inspired, not always as a pre cept, but sometimes as a history, yet the best ' book ever written by pen cr printed by ?type,' the foundation of happy homes and good 'governments, the book from which most other good books have been beaten out as one iiiiie viece oi gold may be beaten Into gold . foil of almost illimitable extension, I believe in the brotherhood of man ; all of one blood, all having the same rights, all made in the image of God, and that he who insults a man, bowever obscure, strikes in the face of his : Maker. These cardinal truths I have been ; preaching for twenty-five years, and I have : v no proHpect of changing. I am all the more ^indisposed to change because I have noticed that those -who get off the track are like a Tail train off the track, tumbling down the embankments; they roll over and over from place to place, now one side, nor 1 the- other. Now they wonder about this, \- - and 3um they wonder about that, and the most of them end in agnosticism — that is, *hey do not believe anything. That is generally the depot at which they fetch up. They call it progress, and it is progress ; bat it is progress into a bank of mud. I like the . bind of people the old-fashioned religion snakes. I like the way they live. I like the way they die. I must cross the sea, and here is a Ounarder that has taken thousands across without accident Oat yonder is a modern craft, and it has a great flutter of showy \- canvas—the new ship has ; but it has taken only a few, or none, across the ocean. I am .'? ? invited aboard the new ship. They say it is uncertain just where they will land me, but we shall nave a good time while it lasts. Thank you, sir ; very much obliged to you, indeed, bnt yon may take your craft I think \- IwaiBtisktotheCunarder. 