THE EUROPEAN MAIL. OLD COUNTRY NOTES. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] LONDON, November 2. THE members of the Savage Club marked their sense of the popularity which has been achieved by Sir James Cockle during his two years' membership by making him their chair- man at their second dinner of the present winter season. This is an honour which many men who have been connected with the club for years have coveted in vain, and there was an unusually strong rally on the occasion. So it came about that we had the ex-Chief Justice of Queensland in the chair, the present Chief Justice on his right hand, and Mr. Edwin Lilley, Mr. Maurice Lyon, and gentlemen connected with other colonies amongst the guests. No speech-making is allowed at these dinners, which run very much to recitation and song, and the standard by which a good or bad night is reckoned is the quality of the enter- tainment given. On Saturday last, which was the night in question, the entertainment was particularly good, the author of " Moses and Aaron" and "She Wanted to be a Fairy" singing his own comic songs ; Henry Pyatt, one of our best bass singers, giving us no less than four English ballads, and several actors and authors attending to the recitation department. A day or two afterwards I had the pleasure of sitting down at another table, around which were gathered many gentlemen interested in and belonging to Queensland. The host on this occasion was Sir Charles Lilley himself ; and as the dinner was a strictly private one, I am not permitted to declare what an excellent speech the Agent General made, or how Sir Charles, with the silvery eloquence by which he is known, stood up for the rights of the colonies against all the world, and rather hinted that the mother country had better be careful what she is about. While upon the subject of Queenslanders I may mention that Sir Charles Lilley and his son were in the block set apart for distinguished visitors at the close of the International Fisheries Exhibition on Wednesday. That same International Fisheries Exhibition has been unparalleled in its success, and all the parties who had a finger in its management deserve credit for the way in which they have done their work. Of course nothing succeeds like success, and if circumstances had been unfortunate instead of fortunate, the issue might have been very different ; but from the first fortune has seemed to favour the scheme. There was no difficulty in the beginning in getting together crowded meetings to pass enthusiastic resolutions. A guarantee fund was raised without any trouble ; the great ones of the earth signified their in- tention of supporting the movement ; the build- ings were erected without hindrance or acci- dent. Splendid weather, on the whole, has attended the Exhibition during its six months' existence, and so, with fair breezes filling out its sails, it has come to the end of a magnifi- cently remunerative and pleasant voyage. The question now discussed is what honours are to be distributed. Whether any honours are dis- tributed or not will depend upon the fiat of one gentleman, who at present I will not name, and the chances are pretty even that no honours whatever will be given, Mr. Birkbeck, M.P., the chairman of the executive, a very fine fellow, who has worked hard, might have a baro- netcy, it is understood ; but then it is well known that he does not care for a baronetcy, being himself allied by marriage already to the upper ten, and it is therefore stated that nothing less than a peerage would satisfy him. Then there is Sir Philip Cunliffe Owen, a South Kensington man, who is connected with all these schemes, and who is a favourite of the Prince of Wales. He is already a knight, and probably nothing less than a baronetcy would suit him. Afterwards, Mr. Trendell, the lite- rary superintendent, should tumble in for a knighthood. Granted honours of this kind, of course some of tho foreign commissioners would bo safo for distinction. Sir Ambrose Shea has been already lcnightcd, though not on account of his services in connection with tho Exhibi- tion. But it is openly said that should titles bo knocking about, Mr. Ramsay, of the Now South Wales Court, and Mr. Willmott, of tho Canadian Court, will be assuredly in the running. Pcoplo have been freely discussing the flying rumours of a chango of Ministry-a change, that is to say, not in the all-important sense of party, when ono sido goes out and another conies in, but in tho sonso of reconstruction from within. If I may express a personal opinion, thero is nothing to warrant the rumours, except the general belief that the Lord Chancellor and the Speaker intend to re- sign atthc firstconvenicntopportunity. Wchad all these speculations, you may remember, last autumn just about this time ; mid tlicy all then centered in the probable retirement of the Lord Chancellor. Now the Home Secretary is worked in very adroitly. Sir William liar court is one of our lively public mon who generally get noticed. Wc get them of that type occasionally-men who aro impatient of routine, and who burst the bonds of red tape sometimes, as Samson snapped tho osier twigs with which his enemies tied him up. This is a sure sign of vigorous mind and strong character. As a rule, such mon do not get admitted to tho higher walks of official life. They are too dangerous, restless, and too much a sourco of anxiety. I am far from saying that " Histori cus" is either dangerous, or restless, or a sourco of anxiety. If such ho be, let someone else say ho. All I wish to remark is that tho vigorous character of Sir W. Harcourt makes him a very interesting member of tho Glad- stone Ministry, and thal this is why every- body just now seems to be discussing whether ho is to bo Lord Chancellor or Speaker. The Lord Chancellor, I believe, has had enough of public life. His friends say so at any rate. I have hoard bim make -many speeches, but nono of thom remain in my memory so abidingly as a most interesting lecture-probably at one of the Church congresses-upon Hymnology. As Sir Roiuidoll Palmer, ho edited a hyinnbook, show- ing his Catholicity by the liberal use he made of Dr. Watts, Doddridge, and Wesloy. It is interesting to remember that three of the Lord Chanceliers that most of us havo seen and heard havo been men of strong personal piety, Sunday-school teachers, and humble workers in tho rank and file. I mean Lord Cairns, Lord Hatherly, and Lord Selborne. Contemporary with them was a Primo Minister of tho same character-Gladstone. Lord Selborno is now over 71 years of age. Whether ho be keeper of the Great Seal or keeper of a factory gate, a man ought at such an ago to retire from labour, and be able to turn aside from the turmoil of daily life, sit in the shade, and wait calmly for the summons. The Speaker, Sir Henry Brand, is not a young mon either. Ile was 09 last birthday, and has been Speaker for seventeen years. Have you ever considered the fearful tax upon a man's endurance it must bo to be Speaker of the House of Commons ? Try the experiment of sitting in an arm-chair exposed from head to heel to the public view for eight and ton hours' at a stretch, with perhaps leave of absence for twenty minutes during which you may get a mutton chop and a, glass of sherry. No chance of lounging about ; no chance of putting your feet on the back of a chair ; no chance of walking up or down, in or out ; no chance of amusing yourself by cutting into tho debate on your own account. You are bound to listen to all tho rubbish talked, lest at any moment the duty devolves upon you of calling some refractory member to order. If any man in the pubUo service earns his salary it is the Speaker of tho House of Commons with his £u000a year. The first resignation, I am told, will be the Speaker's, and his successor is appointed, not by the Government, though of course they are the real movers in the matter, but by vote of the House of Commons. It is not an easy thing to select a gentleman who will bo acceptable to all parties. I must asir permission once moro to touch upon Anthony Trollope's autobiography. Ho describes minutely how he used to work at what he continually calls his trade of author- ship, and recommends young men who intend to follow literature as a profession to imitate his example. If time or space permitted I should like to point out the number of items in which his advice is bad. But my reference to-day is to his habit of writing in a railway carriage. There is nothing difficult about it. Writing is a much better way of passing through the tedium of a railway journey than reading. It is not so trying to the eyes. Many a time have I written my way from Manchester to London, getting through more work than would have Dcen çossible at my table. The art 13 to havo a stiff background for your paper. The best thing is one of those receipt files with a strong clip. Tho trick then is to balance yourself on the edge of the carriage seat, and hold your wilting pad well up, with the lower edge on your breast. You, your paper, and your pencil Boon accommodate yourself to the swing of the carriage, and the operation is very easy. I once had the honour of instructing Bishop Wilberforce in the operation. I was writing in the same carriage, and he took considerable interest in my method, confessing that he was himself in the habit of writing a good deal when travelling, but had till then written upon a despatch-box placed upon his knees. He confessed himself a convert to ray plan, but I never bad the op- portunity of hearing whether he adopted it. There has boen of course groat disappoint- ment amongst those exhibitors at tho Inter- national Fisheries Exhibition who did not receive a gold medal. Every man Jnck of them believed himself entitled to one, and as they make a pretty good numbor the disap- pointment is proportionate. But there is nothing surprising in this result, which is, after all, but a bit of human nature, breaking out under trying circumstances. Tho fishing tackle exhibitors are tho_ most wroth, and the Eublic rather sympathise with them. The est of the prizes go to Scotch or North Country makers, leaving well-known London men hkeFarlow, AVilliams, und Alfred Loopitt to bo content with silver medals only. The explanation probably is that the gentlemen composing the jury wore fonder of angling for trout and salmon than for roach, dace, or porch. I have often been amused M hen travel- ling in Scotland to hear the contempt with which the regular salmon fisher speaks of the English Waltonian sitting beside Trent or Thames with his rod, line, and float. Tho feeling is a iiatui-.il one, for the man who has been accustomed to ungle for tho snlmon and sea trout, will not care much for meaner game. The jurors must expect a protest backed by all tho angling opinion of Cocknoydom against their awards. Thei-o was to havo been an oyster competition during the last ii cole of the exhibition, but this was abandoned. It is a great pity, for, although we have been suffering from an oyster famine for five-and-twenty years nearly, no remedy has been propounded that lias met with acceptance. In short wo are no better off than we were when, ten years ago, the Government sent out a commission to inquire into tho whole business. I can remember, say a score of years since, fotting really good oysters in uno of the 'leet-strcet restaurants, at Gd. per dozen ; but you havo to pay just seven times the price for tho sam«: description of mollusc now. This stato of things has been brought about by tho greedy manner in which the oysters have been dredged up. The fishermen swooped down upon them, and havo not exactly killed tho gooao that laid the golden eg*, for the dealers take good care to keep the prices up, but they have produced an oyster famine. It was hoped that at ono of the exhibition conferences a strong opinion would have been pronounced in favour of some such severe restriction us the Government placed upon the capture of imma- ture lobsters. Somehow, however, the oyster question has boen rather shirked, for when it carno on for discussion most of tho gentlemen who took part in the debate wera cither interested in or prejudiced upon the question. Tho sale of photographs of popular or notorious persons (the two words aro generally synonymous) is ono of tho new means of amass- ing large sums of money, and it has becomo a regular business. Tho statement lins been circulated that photographs of Miss Anderson, the actress, havo been sold to tho number of 25,000. Pleaso to fake this as an impudent exaggeration. Something like 10,000 hnvo been issued. Who buys these portraits? What object can people have in spending half-crowns or shillings in portraits of the Kato Vaughans, Connie Gilchrists, Lily Langtrys, and Fortes cues of the period? Somo of them eau scarcely find their way into drawing-room albums. But they do sell somehow. Tho Langtry photographs-it is said that they aro to bo had in ISO attitudes-have become a drug in the market. The money laid out upon Miss Fortescue is as good as lost, for tho seven or eight pictures produced when her good luck was known-sho had never been seen in tho windows before-have not gone ol£ very quickly. This is because, simultaneously, there woro published the Anderson portraits, and Miss Anderson is a truly beautiful woman. One can understand why photographs of good looking countesses, duchesses, mid professional beauties of tho " Upper Ten " are purchased. They appeal to the innate snobbUm of our race. To be ablo to show your friends the portrait of Lady Boldi in your album is almost to be on terms with the aristocracy. At least it has that appearance. And you might bo ablo to understand why thcro should be a run upon tho Irving and Torry pictures, slnco there you havo somewhat of tribute to genius. But I am benton hollow when asked why tho shop win- dows should bo crowded with the likoncssos of hundreds of simpering hnlf-drcssed nobodies. The venerablo philanthropist, Sir Moses Montefiore, who has just entered upon his hundredth year, is and has been all that has been said of him during tho last week by Gcntilo tongues and pens. He has boon one of those good noblemen of nature whoso works do follow thom. As a man, he was both rich wid rare. But I have seen no mention maele of a story that used to bo current respecting him when I was a young man. I used to hear it stated that but tor Sir Moses Montefiore it is possible that tho Queen ivould never have como to the throne. Upon such au assertion it was of course natural lo express surprise and domaiid explanations, and then you would be informed that Moses Montefiore had conside- rable influence with the Duke of Kent, and that it was upon his advice that the duchess was brought over from Germany to givo birth to the child who the shrewd Jewish banker thought might possibly some day bo called upon to ascend the throne. I do not mean to say that there is any ground for tho story, but I often used to hear it told, and amongst several Jewish families of my acquaintance it is a loyally accepted tradition to this day. It was quito delightful at the Fisheries Exhibition on Friday and Saturday to hear the fishermen moko speechqs. There was no doubting tho boast of some of them that they had once been cabin boys on board humble smacks, and that thoy had gathered their knowledge upon tho subjects discussed in the rough school'of the seas. It was significant, too, that most of them woro a bit of blue ribbon, though thoy had the good sense when upon their feet of not dragging their tempe- rance principles head and shoulders into argu- ments upon quite different matters. AVhere had they learned to speak so well, a gentle- man asked mo. I fancy I could have told him. Some of them, I dare say, from their way of going to work, had done not a little local preaching in theil- timo ; others had dabbled in politics, and been great guns amongst their fellows at tho school-room gatherings, to settle the affairs of parish and nation. Anyhow, they made a most creditable appearance, and though their speech betrayed them to bo unlearned, and even illiterate men, they urged their views in a manly and forcible manner that gained them a respectful hearing and genuine applause. Strange to say, they passed a resolution in- viting Government interference in their busi- ness, and this in the teeth of opinions expressed by such theorists as Professor Huxley, who believes that the fewer fetters theio aro upon tho fishing industry the better it will bo for the public, as well as the fishermen themselves. Lord Mayor's Day will not bo abolished this year, whatever may happen in the reforming days that are to come. Of course in the Lord Mayor's show thero is a good deal of what people call tomfoolery, as indeed there is in most ceremonials. But the celebration is very dear to the Cockney mind, since it symbolises the supremacy of the City of London, and so it is permitted on all hands that business shall be turned upside down for one day, and the streets filled with crowds, amongst whom gangs of roughs prowl, to mark the beginning of another civic year. This year the route is a little altered in consequence of the abolition of the AVcstminster Law Courts, but the thing is so arranged that the Strand and Fleet-street arc included. Virtually, therefore, there will be but little difference seen this year. For three years running the corporation has not known how much more life would be left to it, but the threatened, according to the old saying, live long. The Leeds Liberal Conference decided that the county franchise ought to come before the Municipal Government Bill, and though the Home Secretary is said to be very eager to introduco sweeping reforms into the misgovcrnraent of London, tho chances are that another year of grace will be given to Gog and Magog. The Lord Mayor's partisanship is already causing anxiety to his friends. As chief magistrate of the city he should have no politics, but he has already decided not to extend the hospitality of tho Mansion House to the Transvaal depu tion. As Mr. Fowler, the rich banker and prosperous citizen, he would havo a right to shut his door in their face ; as Lord Mayor, representing not one political party, but all parties, ho bas no right to import his well known private opinions into his official actions. But this hot-headed indiscretion is what has been feared from the moment of his election, though no one supposed he would begin so very soon. x Let the hypercritics who glory in discovering glaring examples of what is termed newspaper English give heed to this little instance of scholarly offence in the same direction. Sir Arthur Acton, a Royalist commander in tho Civil Wars, was thrown from his horse at the i siege of Oxford, and in consequence had to wear a wooden W But ho went into war again, and was killfc at the sack of Drogheda Anthony Wood, atrold biographer, describes the tragedy in thcwoids-"Ho was hacked to pieces and his brains dashed out with his wooden leg " But ni a modern lnstoi y which carne under my notice two days since, I lind the incident related in nnothci way, namely " His artificial limb served to despoil his skull of its contents " The lion lying- down w ith tho lamb has ni ways been a favourite lllustiation to signify the meeting of extremes Wo were naturally re nundea of it on Saturday, when tho Toiy Marquis of Salisbury's daughter was married to the son and heir of tho Libcial Lord Ghan cellor rheio is nothing pecuhai in the trans action Intel mai nage between pcoplo of dif feront sects and creeds is as fosbionablo now in tho upper ten as m any other class of English men Libeláis and loues, Chin chilien and Jewesses, Iutidel and Catholic, havo wo seen in very rccont tunes join hands at the altai As tho papéis say of some Parhniuentaiy elections, "this makes no diltcicnce m the balance of parties" Just as tho mniriagc of a prince of onecountiy with tho pnncess of anothci never prevents a wai between tho two, so theso intci mai i lagos ha^ o no effect vv hatcvoi upon politics Tho pleasant part of tho cercmonv on Satin day was to seo tho friendly manner m which men of opposite sides fratoi iiiscd Of eouisc it vv as not to bo supposed that on so festive an oeca sion, and in a chinch which was gav as a con ceit loom, Mi Gladstone would tako the oppoi tunity of making mouths at Loi c1 Salis bmv, 01 that the Loid Cliaucclloi would beckon Loid Cianbrooko behind the pulpit and call him a scoundiel But theiowasan all lound coidmhtj which illustrated, vciv nicely, llio vtaj in winch, in this countij, politics ai o as a nile conducted, at uti) tate amongst oin host politicians It had boon given out bj the way, that the raninago was to bo quite a puvato nffau , yottheio woio 200 nivitcd guests, and the chin eli was ci milmed with an excited and fashionably dicssed ciowd The ccicmony-it need liai dl> bo saul peihaps in connection vv ith All Saints', Mai gai ot sti cot-was as' high as it could bo in the Lnglisb Chin cb Hie nnme of Lord Sahsbuiy nutuiallj sug gests the question of pool people's duellings '1 ho noble mai quis has w utten upon it m the National Renew, and the aiticlo hiscieatcd a sensation But will it do good? Aftci tho nmo davs' vvondei is ovci, will theio bo even tlio ghost of an liupiovcnicnt in the condition of tho pool man I I doubt it Evci since I could mulei otand now simpéis, wo havo had Iicuodical cxposuios ¡mu appeals Lou! Salis any states that "thousands of families' speaking of the mcti opolis-" hav o onlj a singlo loom to dwell in, vuieio they sloop and cat, multiply and cue while foi this mise libio lodging thoy pay a puco i anging fiom2s to ös pci week ' But I havo heaia and lead that statement anj time duuiHjtho last twenty jcais Now that the landloid class, the wealthy mon, no talcing tlio question up something may bo done It would icquno veij little saculico on then paid to movido siutablodwellings foi tho-vciypooi who havo novei j et rcceiv ed an) bonelit fiom the schemes by which the nitisau of loralai mcomo has leaped gi eat advantage What is wanted is lehef to the miseiablo lot of the pooiest of tho pooi Tlioj cannot affoid to pay the lents lcquucdat model lodging houses, noi íailway falos to Shaftcsbuij Lstato Voulv thons is a hand to mouth existence, and Social Scienco Congi esses, and the othci moi ii and spn ltual movements upon which hugo sums of monoy ?no spent, havo nevci jet been ablo to bung about a matcual chango in tho condition of this miserable lcsiduum The i cal hmdianco is, I am ¡ifmid, tho devoted vvoislup wo pay to ' Nuinboi One' Hie landloid wants as much lent as ho can get, piopeity must i etina something that will not disgiace the genius of investment I do not know of an mstnnco wheioii neb landloid has said, "Pulldown this block of du ty dw cllings I w ill build now habitations m which my pool biothoi shall hvo cleanly at lent within his means, audit tho lotiuns ino piolitablo, well, if not, still well " ON Thuisday last a Chinaman was biought in fiom the Russellltivci (sajs tho Call us Post of 8th December) suffciing fiom a sovoio wound in the neck inflicted by a black with a tomahawk whilst the Chinaman was alono in chaigoofMi Gallets homestead It appeals that on the Sunday bofoio tho occuileuce Mi Toiam was on the Russell with a putj.and they weie assisted in getting then boat up tho mci by tinco aboiigiiies, whom they left on then lotuiii at night at Mi Galle! s homestead 'llieie woio then in chai go of tho homestead a kanaka and a Chinaman On tho Monday tho kanaka left lo go to Mi do loin i is s selection, and on the samo day five moie aboiiginis joined tho tin ce, and attacked the Chinaman, who, it is thought, lcfnscd to give them food Aftci ictideiing the Chinaman lion do tambal, they took all the stoioof i itioni and one of tho boats and dep u ted The Chinaman managed to walk to Mi do Jouuis's, fiom whence ho was biought into town Mi Gullet liassent his kanak is in scinch of tho bl icks Wini appeals to havo bcon a baicfacod iobboiy occui i ed at the Bolmoio Hotel about midnight on S ituiday (siys tho Rockhampton Bulletin of lOtli instant) Wlnlo Mi Johnson was tipstaus sending customoi s nwiij, and Bli s Johnson w is occupied at anothci piutof the bai a man named Bukoi, who was foi mcily in the employ of MCHHIH Giccn and Co , de libciatcly took a money b ig containing about JL200 in oidei« cheques, and notes fiom the m side of the liai, and pioceoded to leave the pt omises lubt on tho instant Mis Johnson turned lound, and leeognising the individual and the bag, culled upon bim to icluin, but unsuccessfully Mi Wildci also saw the bag stolen Bai kei was aftci wai da anested at his lodyngs at Ciemoinc All of the money has been lecoveicd excepting about ilOin oidois on Messis Paibuiy, Limb, and Raff, which the prisonci destroyed Ho showed gi cat cffionlciy and nonchalance when auestedby Detective Claik, who discoveicd tho notes, £ol lindel his pillow, and the cheques, evi dontly discaidcd iindei his mattioss 'Hie le mains of the oidciswcio also iccovoicd WJ (Noilhem standard) aie glad to seo the countiv îapidly iccov einig fi oin the effects of the lato diought 'J ho almost cuino absence of long glass shows what its state must hivo been a few months back, but now flic giound is covered with a beautiful gi e< n coi pet of young glass and the cattle aio beginning to look ¡deck and fat again Wo leam that m some nails "stiangles' aie showing amongst tho horses, but trust that it will not piovc any- thing senous Watoi is toleiably plentiful, although isolated waterholes aio lathci low The woist is evidently ovei Veiy few teams as yet on the mum roads Ouii attention has been called (says the Noilhei n Miner) to the necessity foi a reduc- tion m the rates foi carnage of wool on the Northern i ail way At tho piesent time they ai eso high that camels can competo with tho non hoi se in tho mattci of cauiugc Aeon sidciable quantity of the staple product of the colony is now taken direct from the Western distncts to Townsville, owing lo tho heavy chaine by ti am from Chin tera Towers to that port LU lbs 8d appeals a vei y high chai go per ton of wool foi a distance ot eighty miles by train, und, us the ariangcmcnt between station holders and camels is invariably foi delivery in Townsville, it is scaiccly to bo wondcicd at that the latter prefci to cany i lght on to Townsville instead of undci going the delay of remaining heie foi the putpose of forwarding their loading by íail to Townsville, and suffenng the deduction from the total of their carnage monoy by £2 lGs 8d per ton for a comparativ ely insignificant distance WltA.1 appears to be a copious spring of water has been struck (sa>s the Rockhampton liulletin) at the Agricultural Reseivo lhoso who havoMsited iitzroy Park the residence of Mi Murray, aie aware that he had a well from which wat« was pumped foi tho Bupply of stock It was found to bo practically sui - face water, and the supply, when severely taxed, soon gave out Some time ago the well was put down to a depth of 150ft, but the supply was not matei lally increased Six weeks since sinking operations were again com raenced, and have been carried on steadily. Tip till Wednesday last only basalt rock had been encountered On that day the workmen leached what appeared to bo rotten or decom posed granite On El iday afternoon the spi ing was tapped, and came gushing up on all sides Two thirty five gallon lifts wero set to w ork by hoisepowei, but thoy could make no imprcs sion on the well, in which the watoi steadily rose Yesterday morning theio was a depth of 50ft It is considcicd certain that a peima ncnt and plentiful supply has been opened up, the value of which, not only to Mr Mun ay, but to all the residents on the leserve, it is nu possible at present to calculate Though sink ing foi the last 80It has boon at tho rate of £3 a foot, it will bo univ ersally admitted the money has been well spent Mr Murray will now have a good argument in favour of his pioposal that the Gogango Board should procure a water augur orwellboicr for use m the di vi sion [Later files show that on tho followinf day the water m the well had risen fo 75ft.] 