? sr. Patricks sat. On this year 'a anniver eary of Ireland's Patron Safnt there should be a grand demonstration in Melbourne «a a testimony of faith and patriotism, those twin virtues which are inseparable and imperishable In the Irish heart. Under no oircumstanoeB ia a good reason wanting for keeping np the celebration. Under present circumstances the reasons are manifold and strong why the great feast shonld be celebrated with more than usual enthusiasm. If the Irish were a people the ardour and buoyancy of whoae spirits could be crushed by opposition or contumely, then «re should fear that their experience at the reoent elections, when the whole ProteBtant oommunity were banded against them, would dispirit them, and so discourage thetn from taking any great interest in the approaching demonstration. But knowing them to be what they are, and that they would much prefer that no Catholics entered the House than that any prominent Irishmen cringed to bigotry, or made the least sacrifice of principle, we have no fear but that the recent combination against politicians of their oreed and country, and the consequences of that combination, will have the effect of urging them to make the ap- proaching celebration even more successful than usual. It is admitted that they are an irrepressible race, and they will give some further proof of it on this Bpecial occasion. Most certainly the threat of political ostracism which the liberal English organs have not been ashamed to mike will not daunt them, for they are conscious of the fact that they loyally discharge the duties of citieanship, and, Btrong in that consciousness, they can afford to wait calmly the opportunity for an assertion of their rights. Ia the meantime they will seize the nearer opportunity of testifying that they are not ashamed of either their religion or their faith, but are ready to proudly profess both before the eye of day and the gaze of their fellow-colonists on the anniversary of their national saint. In the meeting held ANOTHEB on Tuesday night at obanqe FIASCO, the Protestant Hall, Sydney, to protest against the mission of Mr. Eedmond, M.P., and his brother as representatives of the Irish National League, the correspondents of the Melbourne papers who reported the proceedings had not much to work on, but, to do them justice we must acknowledge that tbey made agieat deal out of slight materials. In that effort the correspondent of the Argus much surpassed the reporters who did the work for the Age and Telegraph, and we cannot but be surprised that, in a matter of this kind, the Argus bad the best of it. Ihis is not usually the case, for the Conservative organ, though fickle and variable, and apt to stumble awkwardly occasionally, does not—to use the retail tea vendor s phaseology- make defamation Of tne Irish character a " speoiality " It has reason to regret that its Sydney correspondent, by indulging in exaggerations, misled it in tbis instance, for the . —l.""""Jtiiiugconiemporanes discredit its misrepresentations. However, our readers are not dependent on any one of these reports for their information, as the proceedings at the meetwg are described in our columns bv a correspondent of our own. There the explanation of such disturbance as dlooccuris explained, for it is reported * hat Slr Eory Partes charged the Land League with complicity in the murders that have unhappily been* committed in Ireland. On that pointj we have cor- ^ration in the Age Report, which He looked upou tlie action of the Messrs Bedmond as the meet impudent thine ever t t T h " oount, 7- came J « Ia« e money ,for the very worst of purposes. All the napmwg and sophistry of Mr. Eedmcmd could not free the Land league from com. phcily in the murders of Mr. Burke and Lord u Cavendish. . It 3r to be jegretted that any disturbance whatever did occur but when, as we are Informed, the platform was packed with notorious Orangemen, and Sir 'Enrv epoke ia that inoendiary style, there can l» no doubt as to the side from,which the provocation same. However,' though we may excuse, we would not attempt to justify any hihdranoe of free speBoh We condemn; all and every interference wlth the exerclse of that-right solong as nftM* :sthe law iand the eonstittmoo, «nd if they abnse ' liberty allowed them, then W» proper oonrke which Jim been ^»*ided for ' dealing with suoh cases 3 should be taken. For our part, we shonld be sorry to put any restraint on the tongues of such men as Sir 'Eury and the Rev. Dr. Barry. The greater the excess into which these men and such as they run, the better it is for the Irish cause. The contrast between their vituperation and the conciliatory and moderate language of Mr. Redmond shocks decent people, and men of the latter stamp are likely to ask themselves—when the witnesses against the League, and thedefamers of the Irish character are reckless, raging, and intemperate bigots, such as did the speaking at this Orange meeting, can ny reliance be placed upon their statements P It would not be forgotten how Sir 'Eary raised a ghost at Kfama when formerly engaged in the same dirty work, and surely that sourvy trick, by which a man charged with murder was entrapped into making statements within the hearing of a hidden short-hand writer, would not be forgotten. And as for the Rev. Dr. Barry, there is not a four-year-old in ydney who is not familiar with his eputation as a sectarian firebrand. By all eans let us have free speech, but more especially let nothing be done to prevent the Orange fraternity from vomiting forth their imprecations on Eome and Irish patriotism. They oould not be silenced without loss to the community, for their excesses are a warning to respectable citizens to beware of them. THE following is a London QUITE telegram, dated 2nd March, BIGHT. which appeared to the Argus :— | It is stated that Mr. Parnell has expressed his willingness to account for the disposal of the funds of the Land League to the Irish in America, who contributed largely to tuo fund. Quite right; the subscribers to the fund have a right to information as to its disposal. But that right was Ions since acknowledged, and the accounts have already been audited by highly competent and respectable men, who to thelr S* correctness, and that the payments were made or legitimate purposes, and for the f0r hl h the mo ° -Tj " ? «ey was subscribed. The character of Mr. Egan, the treasurer, would in itself be sufficient voucher for that, and the contribufact that Mr. Justin M'Carthy and Mr. Michael Davitt were trustees of Nev ointS^ e T theleas ' American contributors are, it appears, at liberty to have an audit made on their account, and they, no doubt, would nominate to the work men of high standing and cometency, but, at the same time, men who will know their duty, and will not exeed it. But we doubt very mnch that the rish-American subscribers will accept J!,;- Tn 1 t 0ffer ' aB tb °y already received all the assurance they needon the subject; if, nevertheless, they should avail themselves of the proposal, their object will be to silence calumny, and defeat the Which th0 itt S T / f n <H°rd Press set the scandalous report afloat. In that case the report of the auditors will reveal nothing more than is already known It will reveal nothing that the English Government desire to learn. 'The auditors will have to go to Paris for fof the papers of theTag U °e wL ? t J' ftfely there » whar e a British warrant does not run, and where an SltTl abI - e r yn ° t at h » Sure Iw the management of explanation human affairs there are "wanted, many wants. The chief of t „ , , h ese is light, and the next honesty. But there are also other wants, abont which people are very much concerned, and one of them is expenenoed by those ingenuous orifics of the Land League who want full and explicit information as to the expenditure of its funds. In the interest of morality the demand is made. In their thirst for Kftv curiosity 6 6 and *^ 6 no desire to friendly obtain to "ThfVK SS » f ngl1811 Government and Thot X ^ the national 'Cause, aotuated h o « » e ; demand are «ouls L by motives. Their races <Ei stressed by 'Irlsh outkSed « ne Engllshman hi. been "a /eUow- Ohristlans ahould S ri9ffor *he departed "el vef -rl 4 they cannot contain them- another State. They would not Shed a tear if Ireland were sunk in the Atlantic for forty-eight hours, but they cannot endure that the population of the oountry should be reduced by half-a-dozen foul murders. We Want to understand, this difference, but we need not expect a satisfactory explanation on the subjeot. We also want the names of the leading papers referred to in the following Argw message from London, bat our curiosity on this point must also remain unsatisfied, at least for some time: LOUDON, 2?th February. The leading papers in New York urge upon the Land League the necessity of publishing its accounts, as a means of plicity in the outrages committed in Ireland. We want to know if these are papers which have a reputation for dealing fairly with Irish affairs, or do they belong to the pro-English olass, which are opposed to the Irish National cause, and are constantly misrepresenting it. With that information we should be In a position to set a correot value on the opinion. Without it we are almost in the dark, but can fall back upon old experience, derived partly from those venomous telegrams on Irish affairs which come to us via California, and are an abridgment of the highly seasoned information which the English section of the American press gives i's readers. However, it is a comfort that we are not worse off than our neighbours, and that we shall have some advantage in the long run. We and they have unsupplied wants ; but whilst theirs, as to the expenditure Of the Land League, will never be supplied, our curiosity as to the names and character of the American papers, which ring in with the Euelish outory, will be gratified in the coarse of a few weeks. 