Mr. Henry "Wren. If this geutloman wishes for information as to the customs, and practices, and duties, and obligations of journalism, lie should go further afield than the liega Standard, and knock at the door of some one who can say " an editor íb in, and is competent to give an opinion." This is Mr. H. Wren's letter to the Standard :— "Sir,—Will you be kind enough to in form mo whether it is customary, honor able, and just for the editors of public papers to add to their constituent's letters, the motivo of the addition being to vent spleen, crcato dissension, and so inflict insidious and malicious injury. I am, etc., HenuyWken." Tophis the '■ Family Herald" man responds :—"[Such, a course as Mr. Wren refers to would bo so unusual, and so utterly dishonorable, that we are Bure no editor would be guilty of 6uch conduct. A correspondent's lotter is always given as written by the ■ correspondent.—Ed. B.S.]" Analyzing Mr. Wren's communication, we fiad theso queries : 1. Is it customary for editors to add to their constituents' letters ? 2. Is it honorable for editors to add, etc. ? 3. Is it just for editors to add etc. ? To the first of which questions the P. H. replies " such a course would bo unusual." To tho second question the P. H, replies, "such a course would be utterly dishonorablo." To the third question tho oracle voucasafes no utter ance, not being a good judge of the article "justice," and not being able to say whether the presumed want of justice is with the corrospondont, tho editor, or the public. But when tho machine dogma tizes that "A correspondent's letter is always given (published) as written by tho correspondent," we say " Speak for yourself John." Wo have three papers. Mr. Wren's letter does not refer to the Standard's "custom"; the Union pub lishes only what Mr Wren is fond of—lots of praiso ; therefore we presume Mr. Wren writes with the Gazette in viow. But why did he not say, " I am informed that tho editor of tho Gazette ' adds '. to, or othorwiso alters, correspondence for ulterior purposes ?" Wo then could have replied " Who is your authority ?" The Gazette practice is not to allow cor respondence to appear in typo without tho editorial supervision required in nine cases out of ton, in the matters of punc tuation, and orthography ; the text of a correspondent's letter the editor never alters, uniese particularly requested so to do. It is customary for our correspond ents to say, "If you notice any little thing not quite correct, please " putin shape ; " but the Gazette editor never presumes to take advantage of his position by putting the editor's thoughts in the correspon dent's words. Wo are always able and willing to give editorial comment, where needed, upon public matters, and wo hopo wo have enough moral courage to go straight to tho mark, and to accept every consequence and all responsibility of our editorial deliverances. But Mr. Wren goes further. He must bo a remarkably shrewd man if ho can sheet home a charge of " spleen " de sire to creato dissension " ; "to inflict in sidious and malicious injury." How does Mr. Wren know what any man's " mo tives " are ? He may imagine all sorts of things. Ho may suffer, for years, the spretœ injuria formes; ho may be agitated by the refusal of the Bega public to fall down and worship the image he sets up for our adoration ; but, because people cannot obey the high priest's commands, and because they decline to kiss the hem of his garment, are they to be branded with spleen, malice, and insidious injury? You, sir, have lived long enough in the world to be either a fool or a physician ; which are you ? And what mean your moans, your tosty, querulous impatience with competitors, your ascription of mo tives, your measurement of other men's cloth by your unstamped ell-wand ? We will toll you ; once a priest, always a priest ; once flagellate some animals and they never forgot it ; tho tailor pricked tho olephant's trunk, and the elephant soused the tailor with dirty water. Mr. Wron was one© crucified in tho Gazette and he wishes to carry and exhibit tho nail marks to tho day of his death. Wo hope ho may live till ho grows into a know ledge that his best wishers are not always those who flatter him most ; and wo hope ho will shake off tho bad habit of seeing tho ghosts of sploen, malice, and all un charitabloness in tho sayings and doings of pooplo who are little troubled to re momber Mr. Wren's existence, and who, certainly, whilst willing to give him and his " family " credit for anything of good they may have done for the district and for themselves, do not regard him and them as the Atlas supporting our world, or as tho pivot ou which oui' district and its wealth, roBpectability, and intelligence are balanced. P. S.—Perhaps Mr. Wron thinks that this editor has manufactured the corres pondence which lias lately vexed Mr. Wren. Wo can assure him that the let ters relating to him, or to his cattle, are tho genuine productions of district resi dents. We have more than one dozen of men about Bega who can write a letter without an editor's or an agent's help. We, also, are before the " British pub lic"; to that tribunal we appeal with most unwavering confidence. 