ifitmtae. THE HANDS OP JUSTICE. BYF. W. ROBINSON. Author of 'Grandmother's Money;' 'Coward Conscience;' 'Annie Judge, Spinster f 'Poor Humanity ;' ' As Long as She lived f 'Mattie, a Stray f 'Owen, a , Waif f ' No Church ;' ' House of Elmore ;' *? A Woman's Ransom ;' ' For Her 'Sake ;' &c;, &C; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK THE FIRST. Chapter IX.^-Mes. Chadderton^ Gregory Dorward was startled from his apathy by Mr. WoodhatchVs last remark. Naturally auspicious— trained to be suspicious of everything and everybody, to be eternally watchful of his chances in ' the .open'— he was once inore certain that he was the object of some deep-laid plan, which at present was an utter mystery to him. Greg did not believe in philanthropy, and indeed had not beard anything about it ; humanity to him consisted of people who bad been in prison, and people who had been lucky enough to keep cut of prison ; they were, the two great classes and as bad as one another. The lucky ana we uxuncsy, Tinming more. Me bad not known the difference between good or evil until he bad got to the reformatory, and there they tad preached at him enough, and had puzzled him a great deal without impressing him in the least. And suspicion had grown with him there also. The boys by whom be was surrounded were all the same— all like him— and np to ' every move on the board,' with jest a lew pretending to be sorry for the sake of favor from the minister, or good matte frcm Mr. Fretwell and bis subordi nates. He bad been rebellious, and not too careful in disguising bis dislike to those in authority, and hence he had become a black .sheep, for ever under punishment— a boy despaired of, and pronounced'' incurable' — a castaway in whom nobody bad faith until John Woodhatch came upon the scene. Greg bad no faith in himself either, and when John Woodhatch announced what he was going to attempt with him. he had no faith in Joan Woodbatch. It was all ' a -iodge,:' life -was ' a dodge'— and he was only ^sayagp with, himself . because he could not guess what the dodge was abont.or likely to end in. 'This man who had appeared eo rod , daRlji-beforehim was not one of 'the school,' -put on by Daddy DeviL_ or the old pals in Bolter's fients— put on by Kitty eren;he had deceived him at first Into thinking that he was, and had dragged him off hundreds of miles from Drury Lane, and sat him down in Lincolnshire — a horrible place, all wind aud as black as a coaL And driving along that dark, dusty road, with the wind, to which he objected, almost blowing the teeth out of his head, Greg had been nearly .imposed upon again by John Woodhatch's frsfokuess and peculiar way of treating things. And yet it was all a. dodge. John Wood hatch had not dragged him down here for love of him, or hope of him— with the idea of making a man of him,' and a good man— he was only in league with the reformatory lot, and the prison lot, or else he was up to same thing on his own account which was not to be discovered jet awhile. What did the little woman in black, whom the masterLhad called Mrs. 'Chadderton, mean by asking John Woodhatch «' if. he had got him }' and what did John Woodhatch mean by answering that he 'had got him safe enough,' if he, Greg Dorward, was not surely understood ? Trust him for keeping his, eyes open after this, and finding out what it all meant for himself— he was not going to take .John Wcodhatch's word, or Kitty's word, or 'anybody's. Not he. i A man stepped forward and held the horse's head, and John Woodhatch said — ' Here's home, Greg ; jump down.' Greg tumbled rather than jumped out of the chaise, and landed himself on Fiadge's - feet, who left off laughiDg at last to howL iG»*g joined the group outside the farmhouse door. . ' A little friend of mine, Mr. Larcom, who is going in for farming,' said Johu Wood' batch to the tall man who had been the first to welcome back the master. 'Let us have a look at him,' said Mr. Lareom, catching Greg immediately by the cap — ard with a good handful of Greg's hair ioiide the cap — and twisting him round to tbe light from the farmhouse windows. ~ 'Aw, John Wdbdbatch, here's work cut eut for thee here, I'm thinking. How old's the creature?' 'Sixteen— or thereabouts.' ' I've seen better sparcimens,' he added ; and though Greg wondered what the speaker meant by V sparcimens,' he thought here was-, another of the lot he should hate like poison. - And a man with an uglier twist of the wrist he had never met, except it was a policeman he had known once in Drury Lane, This man, However, had almost broken his neck in try ing to look at him, as if he could not have waited till they were all indoors. The girl in white approached her father, and '.re- garded him also with strange interest, but did not speak— at least, to him, although she whispered a few words to John Woodhatch about him, at which he laughed and said ' OL ! I am not afraid.' The thin woman in black who had appeared to be expecting him, remained in the back ground until the farmer said— 'Ycu might shew our young friend his room, Mrs. Chadderton— and Fladge, you can carry up his box for him. By that time supper will be ready, I hope, for all our sakes.' 'This way, Greg,' said Mrs. Chadderton at once, and as if she had known him all her life, and Greg followed her, still wandering on as if_ in a dream. No ; this was not the end of It— only the end of a journey which had cleared up none of the mists which sur rounded him. Greg . was sure of it, though he did not put his thoughts quite into this form— it was 'a plant' was Greg's opinion still, acd probably it would take a great deal of time and patience to disabuse his mind, , He passed from the noise and bustle in the roadway into the farmhouse— into a big roomed, stone ? floored place with many corridors, and Airs. Chadderton took a lighted candle from one of the maid-servant? and went briskly up the stairs, followed by Greg, and with Fladge a step or two behind, bearing Greg's box on his shoulders. Mrs. Chadderton led the way from the first floor to the second, and through a labyrinth of passages strongly suggestive to the new comer of Mr. FretwelTs establishment again, and came finally to a halt before a door at the end of the passage. She turned the handle -and -entered, Greg followed, and Fladge lumped 'down the Jbox with a noise that .shook the house, and then sat down and blew vigorously. 'This is your room,' said Mrs. Chad dertoD. ? There were three beds in it, and again Greg was reminded of his old dormitory, end looked round for the glass 'inspection,' through which the master watched his black sheep night after night when»the house -was still and the work was at an end. Bat that was missing, and the walls were full- of cup boards, where a dozen people might be hiding and watching, for what Greg knew to the contrary. ' Who sleeps in them beds?' asked Greg at * once, like a youth particular as to the company he kepi-. Fladge answered for himself. ' I, for one,' he said ; ' that's mine ; this be yonrn, Greg, near the door.' Near the door. All the better for that, thought Greg Dorward, bis idea3 running in one groove— that of getting away, aud as speedily as possible, from Farm Forlorn. This was- uppermost still, despite the confi dence placed in him by John Woodhatch. *? You'd like a wash 5' said Mrs. Chadder. top, standing with a bunch of keys in her band, and twisting them round and round in a mechanical manner. ' You have come a long journey, Greg ?' There was no occasion to answer that ques tion ; tbe old woman knew he had come a long journey as well as he did ; and as for liking a wash — well, he never had liked wash ing, although there was always a fuss at the reformatory about soap and water, which he had known very little about until he had been introduced to the establishment ; and then he had used them in silent protest against the ridiculous formality of keeping himself clean. 'All the wav from London, the- master tells me,' Mrs. Chadderton continued. ' Ah, well, you're better here than there, if you can make up your mind to think so.' 'I ain't, had time to think,' muttered Greg. 'I Bhould have thought you had,' Mrs. Chadderton answered quickly. Greg bestowed upon her one of his side long glances— born of looking sideways in the streets, where people might be looking for him — and wondered what she meant by that. Was she going to preach, too, like John Woodhatch, like old Cream at the lockup house upon the common ? Was she one of the ' psalm-sroiters,' or one of the lot of which the farmer had spoken in the drive from Skegs Shore railway station ? He did not know ; he did not seem to know anything of anybody yet. He had to keep his eyes open, that was pretty certain ; even this old woman would be clean down his throat if he didn't look sharp ! 'This is a place where they don't ax ques tions MisteTWoodhatch told me,' said Greg, with withering satire, ' Did he tell you so V rejoined Mrs. Chad derton, very thoughtfully. *? Yes, he did' responded Greg, with em phasis. - 'Blest 'if he didn't,' added Fladge, sud \- denly ; ' I heard him say myself ? ' ' Get oni,' said Mrs. Chadderton, sharply; and Fladge, submissive to all authority, rose to bis feet, and floundered backwards out of tbe room at once. Greg thought Mrs. Chad derton would follow Fladge, but she did not. She stood in the middle of the room, twisting the kejs round still, and looking at the bunch as if for one in particular, which was to lock him in ; and Greg took off his coat and began to wash, by way of a hint that it was now etiquette for a lady to withdraw. But Mrs. Chadderton made no movement to retire, and seemed perfectly unconscious that she was in the way. Greg dried his face upon the towel, and looked round odd corners of it at her during the process. Perhaps Farm Forlorn was a madhouse after all, aud this was one of the mad ones ! Perhaps he was mad himself, ? and had never been told so yet; they had driven him raving mad with rage once or twi^e at tbe reformatory, and locked him ' in. solitary' for safety and far punishment, where John Woodhatch had found him, first of all,* he remembered. Perhaps Mother Chadderton was his keeper— how cquld he tell ? He didn't like the looks of her, now he came to inspect her critically. She was very thin and bony, her face was white and full of holicws, with two dark eyes set so far back in her bead that a peculiar skeleton- like appear ance was the result. They were very search ing eyes though, and stared unmercifully at Greg, who turned away at hist, having sn objection to be stared at. 'No ; we don't ask many questions, and perhaps it is as well,' said Mrs. Chadderton, after mature reflection upon Greg's last state ment to her ; ' and I don't know that I hare any questions to ask j but as I am house keeper here, I have one or two things to say.' Greg put bis coat on again; turned down bis cnffs,~and waited for the information which she was ready to impart. ' This is a place, Greg Dorwai-d, where we don't stand any nonsense, and it's as well you should understand that quickly.' 'How do you know my name's Dorward?' asked Greg; 'I never told yer; Mister Wocdfaatch never told yer.' 'I know all about you,' was the quick answer. 'I knew you in Bolter's Rents 3 ears and years ago.' ' You did !' said Greg in his amazement ; ?then you're one of the same lot,' ^,^*Y?lat do JOU '^an?' enquired Mrs. Cb&ddertcn.; 'The master told me we were all alike here,' answered Greg. ' * The masters wrong. There's a difference between us ; and there's more than one dif ference. The difference between good and bad, between heaven and hell,' she cried, -with tome excitement. - ' 'And you ? ' ' 1 haven't come to talk about myself,' sue ssid, interrupting him; 'only to let you know * Ahat you are here to work, not play'; to learn how to get your liviDg, and to be helped on in the world, if you have learned your lesson welL If not, to be kicked out,' she added, ' He may kick me out as soon as he likes,' was Greg's immediate answer. ' He bad been a youth ever ready with his answers, which had often brought him into trouble at the establishment where they had endeavored to educate him. 'I dsresay that will be soon enough then,' she replied, regarding bim curiously. ? 'Shouldn't be 'stonished if it was.' ' - ' You'll have jour chance, at any rate,'' remarked Mrs. Cbadderton ; ' and then there will be nobody to blame but your miserable self. You vill not be able to b'lame John Woodb&tcbv;' . ' Who war-.ts to ?' ' You will bo grateful to bim, perhaps ; many of them are ; but then your name is Dorward.' '? So you've said.' 'And a Dorward never came to any good — never did any good to anybody else— was never anything but a big, black blight. So I told the master when he talked of bringing you here— and so I tell you to your ugly face. Kcm clime down to supper,' she added, 'the batk.room mind, not where the master i?. He's bad enough of you for one day.' And with these uncomplimentary remarks, Mrs. Chaddertcn left him to find his way doHn to the gvouad floor as best he might. Chapier X.— In the Cokridob, Greg thought over this short, sharp inter view before he followed the housekeeper's la»t piece of advice, and arrived speedily at the conclusion that he should dislike Mrs. Chadderton very much indeed. He was an insolent being himself, always finding an immense difficulty in responding graciously to an j thing, but the remarks of the house beeper had jarred upon him, as well as per plexed him. He was 'ar big black blight' was he, and she told bim that to his 'ugly face, did she ? And a Dorward never came to any good, nor did eny good, she said, as if she had known all tbe blessed family. He should have hated Mrs. Chadderton like pokon, if he had been going to stop at Farm Forlorn, which he wasn't. Catch him at that fun-oh! yes. - He went downstairs light in hand, after one critical survey of bed number three which was for a third person who had not been introduced to him, unless Spikins was the missing party — and he quickly lost himself along the corridor on the first floor, which he had' fancied was tbe basement of the house, and so had gone blundering along wondering at -last where he was, and cursing the intri cacies of the establishment into which he bad been dragged. Presently he came upon a draughty window which was open and through which the wind that had followed him all the way from Skegs Shore was rush ing with uncomfortable coolness and keen ness. As Greg passed his candle was blown out, and he was left to grope the rest of his way in the darkness. There were no lamps in the long corridor, but there was a light here %nd there stealing from beneath the doors of various rooms, and Greg was half disposed to knock and ask bis way to supper, which he feared might be over before ho got there, if they gobbled it up as quickly as they did their meals at Frctwell's. He was very much in the shadows groping there, and he had raised bis hand to knock at the panels of one door, from beneath which a light was streaming, when his own name from within the room startled him- not a little. The. upraised hand slid quickly to hia side and the boy, quick and agile as a serpent, dropped to the keyhole and put bis ear. to it, as he h&d; listened many times at Fretwell's place, where spjing and eavesdropping had been part of a daily avocation, everybody wanting to know what new business was on the cards to wear their restless lives out. 'Wa'al, friend Woodhatch,' said the rough, outspoken tone of voice of the tall man whom Greg had seen outside the farm that night, ' it's a mad business this Greg's, and thou canst not rayson me into thinking it anything else. Not thee, man.' 'I don't want to say anything about it,' answered the deep voice of John Woodhatch, ' it's ycu who will talk of the boy.' ' Because, my vary obstinate friend , thoul't not be convinced by sarber argument that the whole plan is one of the wildest, strangest, ?weakest that ever got into thy head, and tbat's saying a great deal.' ' I'm not wise.' ' I perfectly agree with thee there, John,' said the other with a chuckle. ' But I'm in earnest.' ' Yes. What the folk call thorough,' and £0 we respect .thee, John ; but the devil him self — the Lord forgive me for mentioning the reprobate— is'nt mail1 obstinate at times tuau thy own contrary self.' ' What would you do ?:! 'Send the boy to Canada— set bim u^ tb ere— net bother tby brains with him in Lincolnshire,1'' was the reply.' .'' It might all be arranged from Canada just as well, if thou keepest of the same wilful mind.' What might be .all arranged, whispered Grc g to himself —what on earth were they all after — what had be done, and what trere they going to do with him ? 'Ifo,' answered ' Woodhatch bluntly, ''I will arrange it here. It's a wild notion, I own, Abel ; but it can be done— and it's the right and proper thing to do. And at all events, I'Jl try to do it, sparing no pains, or money.' 'Oh! wasting both, I don't doubt thee, John Woodhatch — I only wish thou hads't a better material to work upon than yon evil looking lad. I do indeed.' ' . 'I like him.' ' Gard bless my soul — I never saw a worse looking thief, and I've known a good many6 too, John, in the old days.' 'The old days!' By jingo— another of them, then? He ought to feel at home at Farm Forlorn, thought Greg, there were so many of his old trade, of Daddy's trade, of his mother's, skulking he_re out ef the way. Not a bad place to hide either, getting clean away as a first start, Who would ever dream of Skegs Shore? 'I like the boy,' answered Woodhatch, and here his hand, came with an emphatic bang upon the table, where some glasses jiDgled noisily, ' I see my old self in him, as I have told him— and, by God, I'll do my best. I do not believe — I will not believe,''' and down came the hand again, and evidently with greater force, 'that I am going to fail, because he's hard and full of evil, and trusts in nothing but his miserable self. Why should he not trust in me? Have I not been straightforward with him.' . 'No.'- ' Shall I tell him what my plan i& ?' ' That would be samply madness, John. Thou'lt never do that.' ' It would not be wise— although I am far from wise, you know.' 'Preceesely John. But then— there's the other one.' 'Ah ! yes— the other one,' repeated John, ' I had forgotten.' 'And there's one thing mair thou'itfor gitting, hid,' answered the elder man. 'What's that.' ' Why the supper to be sure— and Lucy all alone, and wondering what we two conspari tars are schaming aboot,' was the reply, ' lef s get downstairs and I'll keep my old mouth as straight as I can, so that the lass . shall not thick I've been a laughing at thee.' 'Laugh on, old friend,' was the hearty answer, '' you'll not blame me even if I faiL' ' Wa'al,' came the broad accent in reply, ' perhaps not. Thou'rt a rich man and can s fiord to pay for failure, but as I said bef ore— —'' 'Yee, yes, we know. Its a wild scheme — its everjthicg that's weak and foolish— its Quixotic— its a leaf out of a play— and its a play cut cf Bedlam, and .its Bedlam gone to tte bad,' cried John Woodhatch -with a loud laugb, 'but still I stick to the idea, old sceptic/' There was a hearty ship between come one's shoulders instead of upon the table, and a fit or coughing followed, and a protest against John's want of ceremony and roughnesp, being followed by more laughter, and then the noise of chairs pushed back,' ard footsteps. Greg rose from his knees -and fled along the dark corridor, cannoning some cce cr somebody in his flight, and who ad- - vancing in the opposite direction received Greg's full charge at bim, and went with an 'ugh' against the wall, rapping his skull tbere sharply. Grf g ran on till be came to a flight of stairs leading downward?, and saw servants alt the bottom of it, and Mrs. Chadderton. He de scended more decorously now. ' We have been lookingfor you every where. Haven't sou met Fladge?' asked the house . keeper, looking up at him. Greg thought he had just met Fladge, but did cot say so. ' I lost my way down,' he answered ; then he went on to the supper-room, thinking once more of John Woodnatcb. Chapter XI.— 'The Ma-~ fortheThikp Bed.' It was a hearty supper which Greg Dorward ate in a lor-g low-ceilinged room crossed by heavy oaken ' beams, and which was at the back of. tbe big farmhouse. The. uncertainty cf his position, the mjstery which surrounded him, tbe doubt of the object which had brought himinto Lincolnshire did not in any way teed to epoil Greg's appetite, which was fairly vigorous. Mrs. -.'baddertcn supped with him, sitting at tbe head of the table, very grave and fiil^t, bat with her watchfnl eyes everywhere, although en this occasion she was watchful lest tbe plates should be emptied without her ccgtitaBce. Two cr three farm, servants, or who locked like farm servants of the niaicu line gtEder— young, strapping, rosy-cheeked fellows— supped with him and Mrs. Chadder tec, Spikins, at ao angle -of forty-five, sat on Greg's tight, at A presently' Fladge came into the rctm rubbing ;Jfce*back of bis head as . though he had hurt it somewhere. He looked hard at Gceg as he entered, but Master Dor ward ate oil in conscious innocence,, and thought that the suppers at Farm Forlorn were a considerable improvement oa the ' Ekilly' served out at the quarters which he had recently quitted. Yes — everything was an improvement after all, the prospects were brightening, and the outlook less dark to Greg of Bolter's Bents. He was no fool, ihia boj — nay more, he was, - to ah jextent. a jouth of forethought, and as: he continued bis -supper, he was calculating the possible advantages of submitting himself to the rules and regulations of this new estab Kbbnient. Whatever was in store for him, tbere was at least the growing fact that no harm was intended, and probably much good. And startling and mo3t remarkable fact of all to the boy's disturbed mind was this, that John Woodhatch. actually liked him ! Greg had heard the master confess as much, in the shadows of the corridor, and very much amazed lie was, knowing that only Kitty bad ever cared for him in all tbe world, and out of all the world — knowing that he was generally hated, and feeling possibly he * deserved to be hated for hating everybody else. Acd John Woodhatch had said in the room on the first floor, ' I like the boy,' and bad said it tviice' too. He could not do much harm by stopping a little while, Greg began to think- for the first time ; here was a man who 'liked him, and a rich man who kept a big house, and was going to do Ecmethicg for him presently. He would hike to know awfully what Mr. WoodUatch thought of doing for bim, and why the, other man thought John Woodhatch was mad and foolish to attempt it. And he must stay to know all that — stay some time and give the place a trial— look about and keep his eyes open. . - Be had some trouble to keep bis eyes opsn at all the remainder of that evening. He had * been accustomed to get to bed early at Fret well's school — even in the daylight when the summer nights were short— and he was wholly unused to railway journeys, and country air at the end of them, and drives across country in a high wind. He was anxious to keep awake — to have his ears open as well as his ' eyes— but sleep was strong upon him, and bis ej elk's were unaccountably heavy. He dozed off presently at tbe supper table, waking up with a start to find all eyes upon him, and Fladge grinning at his efforts to keep awake ; be net Mrs. Chadderton's long and steady stare in his direction before she faded away into a mist into which he was lost and then jeiked out again by bis head nearly falling off ; he heard the clattering of plates and dishes which were being cleared away; he became conscious of Mr. Woodhatch stand ing in tbe open doorway facing him and regarding him as gravely as Mrs. Chadderton had done, and then the young bright face of a fair-haired girl, dressed in white, sEone by the farmer's side and disappeared again, as a ghost's might have -? done, before he was thoroughly conscious where he was and what he wanted in that prosperous home. 'You are dead *-eat, Gr«!g,' said Wood hatch's voice in his car suddenly, ' so good night to you. We will talk of business in tie morEing.' «' Yessir/' ausweredGreg, in bis old fashion, ' Good night, Fladge,' the farmer added, ' ' j ou'll go up with him.' 'Ajr— ay. I've been ready long ago,' answered Fladge with another burst of laughter.- Greg felt for the first time slightly nervous at sleeping in the .same room with this laughing lout — who was ' wrong here a little bit,' as Mr. Woodhatch had delicately put it. He hoped it was only^a little bit ; he had not thought much of it before, or cared much, whether it was a little bit or a big one until tbe fact that he was going upstairs arm iii-arm with him to bed began to impress him by degrees uncomfortably. * Nevertheless he was too sleepy to think-the matter out ; he wanted rest, his bones ached, be was sot quite certain he was very well, despite the large supper — or on account of the large supper — which he had consumed, acd he was very quickly in the bed near the doer which had been pointed out to him a3 his eEpecial property. Fladge, like himself, was a youth of few words, Greg perceived, and that was some consolation. . Greg wanted fest, and no con versation with his companion, and Fladge, though he smiled once or twice -at his own happy thoughts, sat on the edge of his bed and did not ask any questions, even about their early meeting' in the corridor. Greg fell asleep very quickly; it was not a sound, refreshing sleep, but troubled with 'jumps,' tbe last one of which so pleased Reuben Fladge that Greg, who had jumped back suddenly to wakefulness, found -his com panion standing bV tug side of the bed with a broader grin than usual on hw coua tencuce. ' ? ? 'Night mare,' observed Fladge, 'kicking nightmare, i.knows 'em — I bates 'em.' Greg regarded him doubtfully. ' Ain't you a goin' to bed ?' enquired Greg. ' What are- j ou staring at me for ?'' ' I'm gcitgtd* bed presently. When the lights .are out — and I feel safe;' explained Fladge. ' Ob !' said Greg, turning tis back upon him and rolling the sheets round him. He did sot- drop off readily to sleep again, bavicg his doubts cf Master Fladge now, and thitkiog it was not at all unlikely that Fladge would feel in his pockets presently, or get his key and open his box, or ' nick ' the worsted purse which Kitty bad given him that morn irig, ju&t; as he might have done himself under similar circumstances. But Reuben Fladge bad no felonious intentions— he walked to the window, opened it, and leaned cut with his at macros&ed; upotfthe sill, intensely interested inthedaikskyJorlthejdarkgardenandtb.efarm band beneath, cr in the present condition of the weather, and totally regardless of the breeze which 'he was introducing to young Greg. ? , . 'What are you openin'the winder for?' ssked Greg, sullenly, at last. ' I'm hot,' was Reuben's answer. 'I ain't,' said Greg. ' Oh, you're all right. You're a lucky one ; ain't you, now ? ha, ha!' Greg thought it was not desirable to con tinue the conversation any further, and he was not disposed to quarrel about windows, open or shut, to-night. To-morrow night he would 'let him have it,' if he tried that game on any more. He wondered faintly what Fladge meant by calling him a lucky cne ; and .how mucb, or little, he knew of the business on hand ; and then he dropped off into sleep again, and dreamed he was ' in solitary,' where somebody had taken the i oof off to let in all the cussed wind. Wind which blew the 'solitary' down at last, and covered him with bricks and mortar, and nearly pressed him into his grave, he thought, till he woke with a wrencn and a groan^fifom nightmare number two, and was convinced that he was still in bed, and shaking like a jelly. Be Icoked round for Fladge, expecting to find that youth once more studying bim, and amused by bis contortions, but he was pot by his side on this occasion. He was cot in the room even, Greg discovered, aftera moment's glance round the apartment ; the candle was guttering in the washstand in .the draught, the beds before him were unoccu pied, and had not been occupied; the' lat ticed window was being swung to and fro in the wind, its metalf rame clashing unpleasantly against the wall ; two flower-pots on the sill h&d; been blown into the room, and were lyibg emashed upon the floor, and Fladge was gene. It was the noise which had awakened Greg, and given him a nightmare-dream of ruin and disaster ; but it was the conscious ness that Fladge ' had disappeared, which mace him sit up and rub his eyes to make sure that his companion had stolen away. Greg got out of bed to look for him, to open cupboards, and peer under beds, to try the door which was unlocked, and without a key; to go to the wipdow and look down at the dark garden ground some thirty feet below, and speculate as to whether Fladge had gone that way, descending by the branches of a big old plum-tree, which was nailed against the wall. And having gone that way, with what object had he gone, waiting for Greg to drop soundly off to sleep before he slipped away? ''This must be a bloomin' mad'ouse,' niut- tertd Greg, as he stood at the window looking dawn for Reuben Fladge, 'unleps he's cut acd run for it, bein' as sick of it as I shall be — joilj quick.' The wild blood in him, the impulse to ba free and away, to be independent of every thing and everybody, the terrible longing to go, made bim envy the action cf hs com panion, and wish that he was in his place. He bad had four years and more of restraint, and it was hard to begin over again. Let them call this freedom if they liked; it was captivity to the waif's mind ; it was trying to be gcod, and that he had always hated ' -R t rry much.' He was born bad. He knew tbat He knew well enough that Mrs. Chad d- iton was right when she had told him that a Dorward never came to any good; though bow she knew it was one more of the mys r«i:es;to be accounted for to Greg in Farm Forlorn when Greg had had time to settle down. .Atd scttlisg down did not appear to be fstj work, even settling down for the night He «cu!d have beeu glad of one loDg, jquiet r-s? «o begin with; and it had been denied bjii- uii licsount of the eccentricity of Rauben Fl'X{.r, whose foottteps he fancied he could bear low crunching oh some distant gravel p£th. Gi» g. iigLtly atiircd, was still locking down a*, jfcf gaideu ?when a voice very close to him in tLc-icom gave him a second fright, aud H-'Ctivitcea him Uiat he was possessed oLner res ta mii'iaoiLLTfolk. : 'JJou'x 51,-a ihiak jou bad better get into : bed V'were xht common pi&ue; words addressed to -tun ; but sounding very strangely at thaS hear, and thus unceremoniously spoken. . Grrg turned round with a start to find a ^gctd- lopkujg jouDg fellow sitting on a chair ^uniaciDg-hu boots and calmly surveying him. ' 'Who— who are you?' asked Greg, with a gasp. ' I'm the man for the third bed. Haven't you been expecting me?' ' No, I 'aven'L' ' Are you tbe chap they call Greg ?;! ?'Yw.Iam.' ? ' The cew party we have been waiting for so long,' he said, laughing. .. ''Did you came' from London to-daj ?'? 'Yea, I did.' ; ' I bave come a lon& way, but not so far as thatj What are you doing at the window ; trying'to catch-cold?' '' 'I was lookiogfor Fladge,' answered Greg. 'Has be gone down that way?' said the yenns mao, leaving off the unlacing of his boots and joining Greg at ''the 'window. 'Ah! he docs, sometimes. A queer fish, Fladge. Touched, you know,' ' Yes-i I know,' answered Greg. 'So are you a bit, arn't you?' asked the newcomer, with .charming frankness. ' No, I ain't,' replied Greg, very much dis gusted with the enquiry. ' Somebody told me you were, I'm sure,' said the other ; and I'm hanged if you don't look like it, hanging about there in your nightshirt. Why the devil don't you get into bed?' - - ? 'I got up becos' of the row,' Greg ex plained. 'Them things were blown into the room, and then Fladge was gone. I thought he might have fell out o' winder.' 'Not he. Trust Fladge not to fall any where but on bis feet. He was a regular Jack Sbeppard once. .Did you ever read Jack Sheppard?' ' Ko,'-answcred Greg ; ' I've heerd on him, f-o' course.' 'Yes, of course. How long has Fladge been.gone, did you say ?' 'I didn't e&y;,' answered Greg, turning into bed again. ' I thought you did,'' said the new comer. ' Never mind, it does not- matter ; he knows \- his way back. I shan't sit up for him.' But he did' not proceed with the unlacing of bis boots ; on the contrary, flung .himself outside bis bed, and1 lay there, boots-and all. ' Good-night, youngster,' he said. 'Gcod- Eight,' answered Greg. ' Are you sleepy ?'? 'No.' ' Ycu ought to have been after your JGurn'ey. lam. Oh,' and here he sat up for a moment and looked across at Greg, 'you need not say anything to Mr. Wood hatch or Mrs. Chadderton about Fiadge's getting cut of window. You're not such a eneak as that.' ' KT— no,' answered Greg, ' I ain't a sneak.' 'It might worry them, and they are good souls, Greg ; and Fladge doesn't mean any barm. There's not a better fellow living than Fladge.i' ' Ah,' said Greg, apathetically. 'And he went away about half-an-hour ago, you say?' ' I didn't say so,' cried Greg ; ' I don't know when he went ; I didn't see him hook it.' ' Oh ! Good night again. Get off to sleep as soon as you can,' he advised, ' for you will not have much rest at the other end of the day. We are early birds here.' And ' late uns,' too, thought Greg. Aud eight birds also, flitting to and fro in the darkness, like the owls and bats and foxes, he might have added, had he had, time to think, or bad known anything about the creatures which are restless after sundown, and wake with the oncoming night. . Greg curled himself round in his bed, as though preparing to. follow the counsel of his companion; but he was of a suspicious turn of mind, we sre aware ; and he kept an eye upon him, as the young man stretched him- . self full length upon the bed again, and yawnc d. It was a dark, little glittering eye, too, which shone like a serpent's from the distance, until the light went out — or was puffed out— leaving the room in sudden dark ness. ? . . (To be continued. ) 