THE AWAITED WEIGHTS. Which Horses are Worst Treated, and Which the Best? Bt "Ton Cela.1' " LoNG-looked-for oome at last," sings the poet ; and so chanted on Mooda; afternoon (in ver; doleful tones, too) man; of thoseexpectant owners and sanguine backers who had thouebt to find their favourites lightly treated, but found them crashed instead. I wouldn't have had such a discharge of anathe mas directed at me, as were bestowed on Mr. cap had been perused, for dollars untold ; and although not going the full length of some complainants, still the immediate impression on m; mind, after perusing tbe weights, was that the compilation is more full of faults— and even of injustioe— than an; previous calculations of the V.R.C.'s official. Of course, it ie a granted and an inevitable fact that no public handicapper ever succeeded, nor eve r oould eucoeed, in pleasing all par ties ; but really tb present production strikes such a death-blow at all preconceived pros pects for certain of tho higher-class horses, that it is almost enough to make one declare a mere mediocre animal most be the better payiog property. It will be remembered that in the short article published last week nnder the beading of 44 What will be Mon days weights," I remarked, 14 If an owner be fortunate enough to have an exceptional good horse, it seems scarcely just that he Ghould be with tnalic-c prepense prevented from having the ghost of a show of winning a valuable stake and upon my word, the only mistake made in wording the observation wa6 in not writing unfortunate. Moreover, I added that, 41 unless, some consideration be shown, the best horses of the day might as well not be entered at all, their sooner or later scratching being a foregone conclusion." And was this propbetio assertion not light to the letter ? and ought not, and willnot, tbe pen be quickly run through the names of such cruelly taxed oniric as Commotion, Navi gator, Sir Mocired, The Drummer, Sweet William, Segenhoe, and other of perhaps even lets pretentions ? It if not my intent in the present issue to pen a long dissertation, nor to make an aualytis, nor to institute a comparison of Mr. Barnard's handiwork with that of Mr. Sc&rr;, in the relative treat ment of the 6&me; onimaU — it being far better to postpone a critical consideration until having had time lo 44 inwardly digest " as well as " outwardly mark" ; but it would have been both c&relees; and cowardly not to have openly expressed myself to-day as bitterly disappointed in the published attempt to bring the nominations together. If this framing be a natural sequence of tho fresh V.R.C. regulations in favour of Gst. 71b. being the bottom weight, then the sooner the new minimum is abrogated the better for the future of our racing. It is all very well for those folks who do not dire into the depths of the subject to allege that Mr. Scarr, although commencing on only 31bs. lower scale, has made as wide distinctions be tween certain equine candidates ; but these shallow statisticians are probably not aware of the proved fact that from 6st. to 7et. 7ib., a few pounds make very little perceptible differenoe, though from tbis weight upwards erery pound tells in rapidly increasing proportion. However, I shall now " take a pull at myself," and prepare eome fitting data for a future article; bnt, in the meantime, must candidly declare that Mr. Scare's agisment, as shown in the Sydney Metropolitan, is far preferable to lb. Bar nard's — the estimate of ability being based open sounder promisee. The SroHisMAN'e many readers, however, will not be aatisfied without eome immediate selections on my part in support of the bold allegation as to the injurious nature of the Cup calculations, and these they shall have without fear or favour, so as to use their own judgment in considering whether X am right or wrong, when the instances are brought palpably before their eyes. Commencing with the worst-treated lot— aooording to the Scripture parable of bad and good wine served at the marriage feast in Cana— the following are presented under tbe tell-tale title of ROUGHLY HANDLED. Commotion, 5 yrs ... 10s t. lib. Natioatob, 4 yra ... 9st. Illb. Sib Modbed, 6 yrs ... 9st. 81b. The Dbummbb, 5 tts... 9rt. 71b. Pell Mell, 5 yrs ... 9eti 61b. Bfxdoora, 5 yrs ... 9t. Sib. Sweet William, 5 yrs 9st. 51b. Segenhoe, 4 yrs ... 9st. 31b. Ad Valobem," 4 yrs ... 9st. Olb. Mobteth, 4 yrs 9et. Olb. Sabdontx, 5 yrs . Sat. I3Lb. Mistaken, 4 yrs . . 8st. 101b. Comet, aged » 8st. 51b. Mebman, 5 yrs , . 8st. 4lb. Abchie, 3 vrs » . 8st. 3lb. W ah wick, 3 yrs . . Sst. Olb. Kinosdale, 3 yrs . 7st. 61b. Olhers betides these could doubtless be wiped out with a clear conscience, but tbe most striking instances are udduoed, and the reasons for avowiug them to be clean shut out will be argued out in a future article. Now for tho bunch whose more favourable consideration should enable it to furnish the placed division, and whicb IwiU class as THE LIKELIEST LOT. Stzko, 5 yrB. . . 9st. 71b CU- vnailtjlla, 5 JTS .. 8st. 101b. Colstoux, 4 yrs . . 6st. 31b. cmicesttb, 5 vrs .. 7st. 131b. V atkbloo, G yrs .. ret. Ulb. Cobiolands, 5 yrs . . 7st. 101b. Jicesie, 4 yrs . . 7et, Olb. PnottETHKus, 4 yrs . . 7et. 61b. Lobd Li6Gab, G yra » . let. 81b. Vastly, aged . . 7st. 71b. Ericthonetts, 5 yrs , , 7st. 71b. Santa Claus, 5 yrs . . 7et- 51b. Mabttxi-Henby, 3yrs. . 7t. 4lb. Malua (late Bagot) , . 7st, 4lb. Geosvenob, 4 yrs , . 7st. 4lb. Wizard, G yrs . . 7st. 4lb. Kxno of the Vale, 4 yrs 7st. 41b. Clattbat, 4 yrs . . 7st. 31b. Athena, aged . . 7st. 21b. Doncasteb, 6 yrs ,. 7st. Olb. Gloucester, 5 yra , . 7st. Olb. Lesbia, 4 yrs .. Cst. 131b. Linda, 5 yrs . . Cst. 101b. Kathleen Mavoubneen, C yra .. Cst. 91bs Bordeaux, aged , . Cst. 91b. CnnYsoroniASE, 3 yrs Gst. 7ib. Jack of Clubs, 5 yrs Gst. 71b. srnead Eaole 4 yrs , , Cst. 71b. Joan, 4 yrs .. Gst. 71b. First Demon, 3 yrs . , Gst. 71b. In writing so etrongly regard in regard t tbe Cup Handicap, and instancing the abov6 samples as the 44 two sides of the medal," i( must be borne in mind that I look upon the Melbourne Cup in fact, abeit not in theory, ss a commercial speculation under taken in order to attract the paying public to witness its running; and if the most popular equine idols of the day are so treated as to prevent their forming part of the expected 44 show," then mutt any adjubt- ment of weights which has had a deterrent effect bo materially bad to all intents and purpose. Far be it from me to im pute recklessness, for so more con scientious handicapper exists than Mr. Barnard ; but this gentleman must be well aware that one standard rule of brioging horses fairly together is to deem maidens end unknown animals as merely meriting a moderate allowance under their weight-for- age— and he has generally acted on this principle. But I would now ask him how he can reconcile this acknowledged precept with the relative manner in whioh he has served Merman and Spread Eagle ? The former is a five-year-old, who only appeared once, and ran a bad last, whilst the latter is an utterly unknown imported four-year-old, and has been 44 chucked in up to his neck" with 61. 71b. Whether this dark 'nn is worth a dump or no is to me at present an entirely unknown quantity ; but just sup posing, for the nonce, that he be a carefully botticd-up " good thing," and that bis nomi nator had the power of influencing or of humbugging — would it sot look as as if the handicap had been framed (!) for the express purpose of tpvcad'cagling the Cup field P This play on words ie neither meant to be suggestive nor sarcastic ; but true words are often spoken in jest, and this remarkably careless treatment is the worst blot on a production which bristles with inconsistencies. To the G rand K at ion al Hurdle and Steeple chase handicaps part of the foregoing remarks are also appropriate, albeit in a lesser degree: and we may rest assured that some of the top lot will not face the flag— or if they do, that it will be labour in vain. But as this day fortnight, after doing a round of tbe jump- iog stables, I mean to go into the prospects of tbe nags likely to take part in the V.R.C. Winter Meeting, there ie no need to make further comment now. Moreover, as regains tne Metropolitan ana tne mawxes- bury Handicaps, it is part of my plan to devote a column to them next week, con tenting myself for the moment by boldly ottering the opinion that Mr. Boarr's handi work will best bear close inspection. 