VIGILANCE COMMITTEE. A meeting of the above committee was held on Wednesday night, when there were pro sent Messrs. J. Simpson (chairman), W. A. Byrne, W. H. Scott, J. Kibby, J. Barnes, and F. Pinkstono. Minutes of previous meeting having been road and 'confirmed, the following corresponilonco was road — Chambers, 103, huzabnt h-street, June i), 1SS3. - Dear Sir, — I have pleasure in forwarding communion- j tion intimating that tenders are to be called for a bridge over Hurley's Creek. I enclose acknowledgments of letters referring re«pectivply to alignment of Coota mundra streets and the Sutton-street bridge. — Yours truly, BnucE Smith. 1\ l'inkstonc, Esq., lion. Sec. Cootamundra Vigilance Committee, \-- Cootamundra. [kxclosi:uks.j Department of Public Works, Office of Commissioner and Engineer for Roads. Sydney, 6th June, 1S83. Sir,-— '?Referring' to letter of .'30th ultimo, from Vigilance Committee Cootiunundra, forwarded by you, respecting erection of bridge over Hui ley's Creek, I have the honor to inform you that tenders for the bridge in qxiestion ?will be invited in u few days. — I have, &c;, 'Wim.iam C. Ben-sett, Commissioner and Engineer for Roads. A. Bruce Smith, Esq., M.P., Sydney. Department of Mines, Sydney, 7th June, 18S3. Sir,— With reference to the letter of the Cootamundra Vigilance Committee of the 30th ultimo (presented by you), applying for the alignment of streets in the town ship of '(Jo'otamundra, I have the honor to inform you that the matter has been forwarded to the Surveyor General.— I have, &c;, Gkkaud E. Hkkrixg. For the Under-Secretary. Bruce Smith, Esq., M.P. Department of Public Works, Sydney, 6th June, 1883. Sir,— I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of letter forwarded by you on the subject of bridge in Sutton street, Cootamundra, and to inform you that the matter has been referred for the report of the Commissioner for Roads, and when the necessary information has been? received a further communication 'will be made to you. — I have, &c;, John Rae, Under- Secretary. A. Bruce Smith, Esq., M.P. Teraora, 8th June, 1883. Sir,— I am instructed by my Committee to convey the intelligence to the Vigilance Committee, Cootamundra, that the proposed Railway commence at Cootamuudra, touch Temora, Bannedman, and join the western line at ji point to be determined by the Governmsnt ; and to express' their warmest thanks for your co-operation in the matter. — I have, &c;, F. Hickby, Hon. Sec. Progress Committee, Temora. F. Pinkstone, Esq., Hon. Sec. Vigilance Committee, Cootamundra. The Secretary reported, with reference to one of the letters, that tenders for the bridge over Hurley's creek were.to be called for on Saturday. '°' '%— ? -' The Secretary also reported that, pursuant to instructions, a public meeting was held on Monday night, when the following were elected for appointment as trustees of the common reserves :— Messrs. 1\ Pinkstone, R. Little, M. J.. Dacey, T. Tebay, and J. Maguire. While doing so he drew attention to the inadvertency that, .though the public meeting had been appointed by the com mittee, members did not attend it. ATv. 'Rvrnfi said Vir rfirrnrrlnrl fTio tirl-mla matter as a sham, and that was why he did not attend the meeting. Mr. Pinkstone pointed out that the meet ing had been called on Mr. Byrne's own motion. Mr. Byrne : The meeting was quite right, but what he alluded to as a sham was that of trying to regulate the common. Were there no members at all at the meeting ? Mr. Pinkstone replied that only the chairman and secretary of the committee attended ; he claimed that the members should have attended out of respect to their own appointment and to the public. Mr. Barnes, Mr. Scott, and Mr. Kibby, agreod that it was quite right that thBy should have attended ; and Mr. Barnes stated, tha', he was engaged, in connection with another meeting. Mr. Byrne then proceeded to introduce the eubejet of which he had given notice of motion— namely, that of applying for Assist ance at the railway good-sheds for loading wheat as well as wool ; and he moved that the question (on which a minute had been passed on the 11th April) be reconsidered. A discussion ensued on the matter; but the motion not finding a seconder,' it lapsed. Mr. Byrne then moved, that th'e secretary be instructed to write to the Works Depart ment and again urge that tenders for tbe erection of the gaol (for which money had been voted) be called, and the work be proceeded with as soon as possible. Seconded by Mr. Barnes, and carried. The Chairman stated that on Saturday last two members of the Assembly (Messrs. Poole and Withers) being in town he spoke to them on the subject of the delay in calling tenders for the railway extension to Gunda gai. They seemed as much interested in the matter as both Cootamundra and Gundagai, and promised that they would assist the member for tho district in urging on the work; but stated that they expected tenders would soon be called for the work. He took them down to the creek and pointed out the source of water supply which was provided for Cootamuudra ; and they expressed themselves to the effect that Cootamundra was receiving very bad treat ment in this matter. Messrs. Poole and Withers both thought that to bring the water over the hill above;Mr. Hurley's was tho best scheme; and that it would be a mistake to make a large dam above the bridge, as, if it should burst, it would be likely to do serious injury to the railway, line. ? Mr. Barnes thought they should again write on this subject, as it had appeared to be dropped ; and he moved that Mr. Smith bo asked to ascertain ii' it was the intention of tho Government to do anything towards providing a suitable moans of 'water supply for Cootamundra. ? Mr. Scott soooudod thu motion, and it was .currriod. Mi1 Barnes risked if any definite informa tion had boon received in tiio matter of the road fco be opened via Mr. P. Ryan's. The Secretary replied that he had not received any letter on it since that of the 18th ultimo, which stated that their applica tion should receive ' immediate attention.' Mr. Barnes thereupon moved that the Minister's attention be called to the letter referred to, and that further inquiry bo made as to when it will bo dealt with. Seconded by Mr. Scott, and carried. Mr. Byrne moved that application be made for thy appointment of a letter carrier for CootamunJra, as he thought it was much needed, and the town was entitled to it as compared with other towns which had this privilege. The members generally agreed with this proposal, and Mr. Barnes seconded it, and it was carried. The Secretary was asked to state in his application for a town clock for the tower of the Post and Telegraph Office that they would like to have one with three or four dials. Mr. Pinkstone brought under notice the danger which was caused to the health of the -townspeople for the want of vigilant services from an inspector of nuisances. At present the carcase of a dog was being allowed to rot in one of the lanes of the town. He moved that the secretary be authorised to find out whose duty it was to see to the cleanliness of the township, and to draw his attention especially to the dead carcase re ferred to. Other members spoke of the unhealthy condition of a drain in Wallendoon-street, of the pathway adjoining Cobb and Co.'s stables, and of some of the lanes of the town. Mr. Byrne seconded Mr. Pinkstone's motion, and it was agreed to. Mr. Xibby moved that application be made for a policeman to be told off for night duty in the town. It was very necessary that they should have protection all through the night. He pointed out that if anything was detected by tho watchman, he had no con stable to back him. The motion was agreed to, seconded by Mr. Pinkstone. The committee then rose. The Temora Reservs.— Nearly 4,000 acres were selected here on Thursday of these reserves thrown open to selection, the deposit on which amounted to £964. The ballot was resorted to in case of two of the pieces selected. Convalescent.— We are pleased to see that our friend Mr. E. Strongitharm has sufficiently recovered to be able to attend personalty to business. He has a sale advertised for to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock. To Woodmen.— Tenders are wanted by the manager of the Cootamundra Goldniin ing Co., of Muttama, for the supply of billet wood, to be in by this day week. This is a sign that steam will soon be up for the first time since the commencement of opera tions by this company. To Farmers and Dealers.— Farmers busy with tho plough must be needing supplies of corn ; and they and dealers also are invited to send for their supplies to Messrs Onus and Co., Richmond. Corn is the best and safest food to give to horses during the ploughing season, to guard against polution of the ground and to avoid the risks of feeding them on wheat. Rev. W. Cocks's Sale.— Readors cannot well avoid seeing the advertisement in to-day's paper announcing that the Rev W. Cocks, late vicar of Murrumburrah, intends to offer all his freehold property for sale on Saturday next, 30fch instant, at 2 o'clock. He has some valuable business properties to offer. Mr. John Bourke is the auctioneer, and the sale is to be held at Mrs. English's Exchange Hotel. Foreign Postal.— A corresponpent of the Herald encloses the envelope of a letter sent by him to England some time ago, which bore the ordinary rate of 6d. in stamps. The receiver found it marked, ' Deficient postage 2d., fined 6d.,' making a total surcharge of Sd. J±e made inquiry at the London General Post Office, and received the following reply : — ' Although the rate of postage upon letters sent from this country to the several Australian colonies by any route has been reduced to sixpence the half-ounce, a corresponding redu3tion has uot been made iu the postage upon letters sent to this country from New South Wales.' The letter in question went by P. and O. steamer. It may not be gonorally known that 6d. postage from Sydney obtains only on the San Francisco line. Readers, therefore, should bear this fact in mind in conducting their foreign correspondence. Contracts.— The following tenders have been accepted by the Government:— Messrs. Tonkin Brothers — contract lM, road from Young, via Weedalong, to Morangoroll; Messrs. Kelly and Golden— contract 3m, road Murrumburrah to Grenfell; J, Carter —contract 3m, road Binalong to Burrowa; H. TJnsworth— bridge over Sandy Creek, road Grenfell to Morangorell. MURitUMBURiiAii. — Tho junior member for Murrumburrah (Mr. J. A. Mackirinon), accompanied by several members of the Progress Committee, last week visited the railway platform and siding, the court house, the lockup and police quarters, and other placos to which attention had been called with a view to improvement. The immediate and urgent wants and necessities of tho town having been clearly pointed out to Mr. Mackinnon (says the Signed J, that gentleman promised to use his best endea vors to have these wants speedily supplied. Mr. Mackinnon afterwards visited tho Harden end of tho township, whero ho informed tho eloctoi-s that tenders for the now public school building would be called for immediately. Public Correspondence.— The following is published i'or general information : — Department of Public AVorks, Railway Branch, \ Sydney, 19th Jtine, 1883. Sin, — InVreply to your letter of tho 16th April last, making application for a sidinjj at Jindalce, I have tho honor to inform you that from inquiries made I find that tho anticipated traffic would not justify the expenditure required for the work in question ; mid I nm, therefore, unable to sanction tho undertaking unless n. guarantee bo given by those interested that the tmttio will cover tho cost to the Department of providing und working the siding and platform. — I have, &-c, Ciias. A. Goodchap, Commissioner for Railways. Fred. Pinkstone, Esq., Hon. Secretary Vigilance Committee, Cootamundra. Mr. M. Whalen's Sale.— Readers will observe that the sale of Mr. M. Whalen's first- class farm at Stockinbingal is to be held on. Tuesday, 3rd July; and that tbe area of the farm is 1,175 acres, more or loss. Mr. W. A. Byrne is the auctioneer; and the sale is to be held at the Albion Hotel, at 2 o'clock. Household Property-.— Mr. Byrne is also to offer on the same day (July 3), Mr. Thomas Jobson's household property, sale also to be held at tho Albion Hotel, full particulars of which will be found in the advertisement. Bridge, Hurley's Creek.— We hnvo this week seen the section plansfof the new bridge ' \ to be erected over Hurleys Creek, on the south-western border of the township. This bridge was applied for some time ago by the Vigilance Committee, to replace the old and dilapidated structure which now remains as a somewhat dangerous emblem of times past : and the plane and specifications have been prepared on the data furnished the Commissioner by the local superintendent, Mr. P. Murraj', who, in to-d&y;'B paper, is calling for tenders for tho erection of the new bridge. It is to be a masonry culvert, with rolled iron joists and a decking of iron platos strapped together with T and L iron framing. The foundations of the walls which are to support the decking are to be of concrete ; above these are to be truly bedded footings of stone ; and the wails to be built thereon are to be of rubble masonry, in twelve courses, hammer-dressed. The rolled iron joists are to be 36ft. long x 16in. x 6in., to form the length of the span — five lengths of joists in all ; tho deck plates (35 in all) to be oft. x 4ft. (Jin., the plates to be secured to the stringers and joists by half inch bolts, nuts, and washors. On the top of these plates the roadway will be formed of tar concrete. Tho cross section shows a width between the handrails (wood) of 23ft. in the clear. All tho ironwork, we may add, is to be supplied to the contractor, who will have to transport it to the site of the culvert or bridge ; the contractor having to find tho labour and the material for the masonry and woodwork. The work is to be completed in four months from tho date of the bond. Vigilance Committee.— A special meet ing of this committee is to be held on Wednesday night next, to consider two special matters — first, a letter from the Temora Progress Coinmitttee suggesting a course of procedure in advocacy of mil way communication between the two places ; and secondly, a letter from the Commissioner for Railways on the subject of the application for a railway siding and platform at Jindaleo. It is particularly desired that all the members will attend. A Local Trade.— To givo an idea of the extensive business of Mr. John Kibby, of tho ' Trade Palace,' we ma}' montion that the amount of freight paid by him to the Commissioner for Railways for the year 18S2 was £2,659/8/9. This is a result , produced, unquestionably, by a judicious use of printers' ink in advertising, a means ' of stimulating business with which the proprietor of the 'Trade Palace' is thoroughly conversant. Mr. T. 0. Brown (late co -proprietor of the Cootamundra Herald), we learn, has entered into partnership with a well known auctioneer, land and estate agent, t&c;, in Sydney ; and his friends here will be glad to hear that he has found a suitable business for himself. It is one, indeed, for which Mr. Brown is naturally suited. The name of the firm is Shepherd ? and Co., Mr. Shepherd being well and favourably known for his excellent business qualities. The Cemetery. -Tenders are wanted, addressed to Mr. W. A. Byrne, not later than Saturday next, for grubbing and clearing off all the timber from the cemetery —a very desirable work to have done. The Press.— We are informed that a plant has been purchased for a second newspaper to be launched at Gundagai. lf-all we hear is true, . Guudagai will soon want another addition to its-local institutions —a lunatic asylum. The ..ghost of old ^ .... . Father Oaxton is to be stirred out of his grave, and his old dry bones shaken into life for the purpose of £he new style of journalism which we are to see in Gundagai. * We pray that Providence will guard and keep tho poor unfortunate typo that will have to run the Netu Light. Burra Creek.— Since the recent opening of tho provisional school there has been a very fair attendance ; but it is now reduced a little by sickness, which is very prevalent in the district round about. — Air. Nicholls, the proprietor of the Burra run, is encouraged with a splendid lot of strong and frisky lambs for the season — a good percentage and fair pasture. Pastoral Note.— An exceptionally good flock of wethers passed through here last Friday— the best, in fact, that has been seen hero for many years, the property of Mr. W. R. Beifc, of Winderradeen (Sir Terrence Aubrey Murray's old run), at Lake George. They were pure Merinos, that will fatten fully up to 661b. They wero bred by Mr. 1Y Hofi'ornan, of Clear Hills, who is now extonsivoly known as a first-claBs flock breeder. Mr. W. A. By: ne had carriage of tho salo ; and they realised 10/- a head. ' - 