THE MURRAY AND- DARLING- TRADE. —NO. VI. WENTWORTH AND THE LOWER DARLING. [By our Special Reporter.] From its geographical position it is certain that Wentworth will eventually become a most important railway centre. Everything seems to point to a not distant future, when from it will radiate lines to Sydney, Mel bourne, and Adelaide, and the colony that first constructs its portion of these works will reap substantial advantages. Situated at the junction of the two most important rivers in Australia it must always present peculiar attractions for South Australia and Victoria, because it is the natural port of clearance for their river trades ; but, besides this, it has been recommended by our late Governor, Sir William Jervois, as beter situated for the purposes of a general depot for military stores for all the colonies than any other place that he was acquainted with. This view, of course, was based on the assumption that Wentworth would be the junction of an intercolonial system of railways. That South Australia should be the first to push on her railways towards Wentworth cannot be doubted. She has a far larger stake in the Darling trade than either New South Wales or Victoria, and besides this, Adelaide is only 300 miles from Wentworth, or about 240 to the border of the colony, while Melbourne is distant 400 miles, and Sydney at least 500 miles. So far as Sydney is concerned, it should not be forgotten that a railway has already been constructed from that city to Hay, on the Murrumbidgee, which only leaves a distance of 180 miles to be bridged between Hay and Wentworth. As has been previously pointed out South Australia has practically lost the Murrumbidgee trade, but inasmuch as the junction of that river with the Murray is not more than 150 miles from Wentworth the construction of this line would have a strong effect in resecuring a portion of the lost commerce. This is apparent when we remember that while from the Murrumbigee junction it is only 150 miles down stream to Wentworth it re quires a much longer voyage to go up stream to Echuca. There is, however, the obvious objection that South Australia can only con struct a railway to the boundary of the colony, which is about sixty miles from the Border; but so important is railway com munication with the seaboard deemed by the residents of Wentworth and the Lower Darling that a private Company could be floated within a week to complete the line, supposing the New South Wales Govern ment declined to do so. Evidence of this is afforded by the pertinacious way in which the position and trade of the district have been brought under the notice of the Government. In 1879 a South-Western Rail way League was formed, with its head-quarters at Wentworth, for the purpose of collecting information in support of its claims to rail way communication with the metropolis of the colony. While the Board has not yet secured a definite compliance with its wishes, it has so presented its case that it has attracted attention elsewhere, and now, both in this colony and in Victoria, a railway to Went worth is regarded with growing favour. The original proposal was that the existing line to Hay should be extended to Balranald, also on the Murrumbidgee, and thence through Euston, on the Murray, to Wentworth. This line has, however, been relinquished in favour of one via Oxley, on the Lachlan, which not only takes higher ground, but would serve a much larger area of country. A township called Yelta has lately been laid out on the Victorian side of the Murray, almost opposite Wentworth, and railway extension in this direction, with a view of securing the larger part of the Darling trade for Melbourne has not only been proposed, but may now be regarded as highly probable. The general features of the Darling present a marked difference to those found on the Murray. Instead of a high irregular bank on one side, with low flats intersected with lagoons and creeks on the other, we find for the most part high banks, gradually sloping down to the water, on both sides, with deep lateral marks showing ths levels of the water from high flood downwards. As a whole the scenery along the Darling is better than that found on the Murray. Although occasional saltbush plains and flats extend right on to the river, the banks are generally thickly wooded with large-sized timber, out of which, in distant perspective, the river seems to issue — a thin, pale streak, changing to a golden brown as the moonbeams fall upon it. Despite the swiftness of the current when the Murray is low the Darling has a remarkably tortuous channel, so much bo at several localities that if cuttings one or two hundred yards in extent were made five or seven miles of steaming would be saved. And this is just what the river itself is doing. The pres sure of water in flood-time has been so great that the old winding channel has been in sufficient to carry it off, and the excess has burst a new and shorter way across the lower ground into the river below. Two or three of these cuttings have been utilized by the steamers and others will be available after the next flood. These new channels are not an unmixed good, for although they shorten the journey they allow the river waters, dammed back by the old tortuous channel, to escape more readily, thereby increasing the speed of the current and shortening the duration of the season. In other respects the Darling is very like the Murray. Shallow bends, short turnings, sand islands, rocks, and billabongs running out of the river, and enticing the unwary steersman to leave the regular channel, are to be met with in great profusion. The navigation of this river is curious work, and the skill and versatility of resource exhibited by some of the captains is remarkable. When the river is up it is often far over the banks, and boats under the guidance of blackfellows have occasionally cut across country to woolsheds for cargoes of wool. It is at high-flood time that the danger of following up the billabongs instead of the river is imminent. Several cases have occurred where boats have entered the billa bongs during the night, and the mistake has not been discovered till daylight, and after many miles had been traversed. When the water falls, which it does sometimes at the rate of a foot or eighteen inches a day, difficulties in the form of sandbars, and islands, rocks, snags, and sharp turnings call for attention, while here and there spots will be pointed out where a particular steamer's barge went down last year, where Captain So-and-so ran his boat high and dry on the rocks, or some steamer blew up killing five or six men. I would not recommend a trip up the Darling on a falling river to an excitable man in a hurry. The suspense and un expected mishaps and delays would either turn his hair white or make him as in different to "the chaos of contrarieties at war" as the traditional Red Indian. These are some of the incidents that may fairly be expected on such a trip. Suddenly you feel a change in the usual oscilla tion or vibration of the boat, and hear the signal-bell in the engine-room clang ing out its different directions like a fire alarm. You walk forward, find a man in the bows with the sounding-pole in his hand, and the captain, who is as cool as a cucumber, although the detention may extend to hours, informs you that the boat has left the channel. If she will not come off by reversing the engines the heaving tackle is got out, and that rarely fails. Or perhaps you are in your berth asleep, and are awakened by a slight ' heave' in the boat, followed by a peculiar sound in one of the paddle-boxes for a second or two, and then a stoppage of the engines. You run on deck, and enquire excitedly what is the matter, and receive for a reply, ' Oh, nothing : a snag got under one of the paddle wheels.' If your curiosity prompts you to inspect damages you walk round to the side of the boat, and perhaps find the paddle-box knocked into splinters, and the big iron wheel crumpled up like a piece of paper. However, the engineer and the firemen soon unbolt the damaged iron work ; a fire is lit on the banks, the ' kinks' are straightened out, and the trip resumed after eight or ten hours' delay ; or, by way of variety, the boat may be sent crashing through the boughs of an overhanging tree. In such cases it is safer for passengers, who have an objection to being knocked over board, to be below. Delays are also often occasioned by the barges which all the steamers tow. These barges are generally well laden— the steamers carry comparatively little cargo— and it sometimes happens that the bargeman is not so vigilant as he should be in steering in the steamer's wake, and the barge runs into the bank, or on to an island or snag. Amongst the more noteworthy of the rocks in the Darling are the Christmas Rocks, some distance below Wilcannia. These consist of two ledges of rocks running diagonally, almost completely across the river. Around these rocks in low river the water hisses pubbles as if it were in a cauldron, boding ill to the carelessly navigated boat going down stream. Several -boats have come to-grief here through deviating slightly from the proper channel, which does not seem to be more than twenty feet wide. Sometimes there are eight or ten boats lying below the rocks, unable to get up owing to the want of water. Like the numerous bends in the river, these rocky ledges serve a good purpose : they prevent the water from escaping too rapidly, and they will prove a decided advantage if the Darling is locked, as many of them can be utilized as foundations for the locks. It may be here observed that the New South Wales Government has done little, comparatively speaking, to im prove the navigation of the Darling, or indeed any of the rivers. Nor is this very remark able. Every shilling spent in this direction means improving the means of trade with South Australia and Victoria. The number of dead and dying sheep met with between Wentworth and Wilcannia could not fail to create a very painful impres sion. Both sides of the river were very bare of feed on account of the prolonged drought, and the sheep and cattle suffered in conse quence. When the water began to fail they got bogged in the muddy banks of the rivers and lagoons in large num bers, and being weak and feeble were un able to extricate themselves. Unless relieved by the boundary-riders their fate was sealed, and what that fate was might be gathered from the rows of piti ful-looking objects that turned their blood stained but sightless heads in the direction cf the boat, while flocks of crows winged their heavy flight overhead, uttering discordant cries, as if angry at being disturbed at their fearful feast. Fortunate is the river traveller if his boat has a filter on board, for assuredly the thick muddy waters of the Darling are not improved for drinking purposes by the swollen carcasses of sheep, cattle, or horses that float past in hundreds. After a brief experience of this kind one ceases to marvel at the vast quantity of drink consumed on the Darling. Establishments — for it seems to be doing violence to language to call erections composed of grog cases, galvanized iron, woolpacks and bark, used up indiscriminately, hotels — are to be found every few miles, and in the most out-of-the-way places. It is not to be supposed for a moment that all these places are licensed, but a paternal Government has so laboured to reduce the qualifications for hotels that, so far as general appearance and ability to administer to the wants of travel lers are concerned, there is little to choose between those that pay the usual fee and those that omit that formality. During a portion of my travels the coach on which I was a passenger stopped at a collection of two or three bark huts, the only visible occupants of which were a particularly dirty and bold faced woman and a couple of equally un savoury-looking girls. Said_ 'the missus,' 'Are any of ye gents comiu' down?' As there was no immediate response to her invi tation, she added, with a leer that explained the position, ' I've got some good lemonade and orange bitters inside.' One of our party then entered the hut and tested the highly. 'landed lemonade and orange bitters, which took the familiar form of ' lemonade and a dash.' These shanties do incredible mischief. Many a poor wretch, maddened by the vile compounds supplied him, has wandered off, and never been heard of for months afterwards till some stockman, riding through some back por tions of his run, has come across a few whitened bones — the mute record of another death from thirst. Notwithstand ing the extraordinary character of the primitive structures called hotels in the Darling district, their keepers for the most part hold rather exaggerated views of the extent of their rights to fleece their cus tomers. If the meal consists of a scraggy piece of boiled meat, served up in a greasy looking tin dish, and flanked by a sodden loaf, the moderate charge of half-a-crown is made. If fifteen people sit down to dine off a roast cockatoo and a dish of badly cooked potatoes the charge is half-a-crown. If, in hopes of getting something a little more appetizing, you de cline the offer of mine host to be supplied with a hunk of scraggy meat, you will pro bably get the invitation, 'Oh! all right; help yourself to mustard then,' for which the charge will also be half-a-crown. Of course all the hotels are not characterized by these peculiarities in the cuisine. One would hardly of choice go to the Darling for ghost stories and similar narra tives of supernatural visitations, but old hands can recount experiences grisly enough to make the flesh creep with the sensation of the horrible. The following, which is closely associated with a grog shanty, may be taken aa a fair sample of the local productions. Between Pooncarie and Menindie a dilapi dated hut is pointed out, through which the night wind moans and twists the tat tered remnants of the bark roof into all sorts of uncanny shapes. It is said that after dark this ruin is shunned with superstitious awe by all experienced swags men. And with good reason too. At that unholy hour when visitants from another sphere come to haunt the scene of crime in which they have taken a prominent part, and make their ghastly presence known to timorous mortals in tho form of luminous skeletons, by creaking footfalls, cold breaths, and the silent opening of locked doors, the figure of a Chinaman is always to be seen swinging in the night breezes from one of the rafters. Years ago this hut was in the occupation of a notorious shanty-keeper, who sold more drink and killed more customers than a licensed establishment less than a mile away on the other side of the river. The Chinaman belonged to the hotel, and through his agency a conviction was obtained against the shanty-keeper, who, finding his occupation gone, shifted his location. A few days after this the Chinaman was found hanging dead in the deserted hut. Was it murder in revenge, or suicide from remorse ? Who can tell? Suffice it. that precisely when all well- regulated clocks should strike twelve the restless spirit of the defunct Celestial assumes an apparently corporeal tenement, which, acoording to precedent, is dangled with mathematical precision fiom a particular rafter in a particular apartment of that ruined hut. 