A BALLOON VOYAGE ACROSS THE NORTH SEA. Mr. Simmons, the aeronaut, has given the1 following interesting narrative of hia recent balloon voyage across the North Sea from Maldon, in Ivent, in company with Sir Claude lie Crespigny :—"Before we made a start several pilot balloons were launched in ¡order to ascer tain which direction we were likely to take. The pilots indicated several currents at low altitude, but as at the moment of starting the wind gave me a good deal of trouble, I found it necessary to leave the ground with great ascend ing power, as every attempt I made to utilise currents would have been at the expense of gas and ballast. We had a desire to cross the German Ocean; therefore every ounce of ballast and every foot of gas had to be cautiously used. We had not much time to enjoy the glorious panorama ere we found it necessary promptly to discuss the propriety of attempting to reach Holland or Belgium. Fortunately the atmos phere over England was clear. The start was made at 11 o'clock a.m., and we soon crossed the Thames, near the Nore. Taking our bearings we were going sharp for Rotterdam. The bottom of the sea was clearly seen iu every direction. We see the man-of-war at Har wich very distinctly. Six steamers beneath U3 appear to bo almost in collision. We are at an altitude of 9,000 feet. The lightship east of the blaekwater Í3 about the size of a flea, but is very distinct. Although the bell is constantly ringing, we can now and again hear shouts from decks. We throw out sheets of paper and find them being left a little to our north. This satisfies us that we are making still a trifle south of eastward, and our safety aud the attainment of our object depend upon being able to continue it. 2 o'clock.—I have not yet spent an ounce of ballast or touched any valve. Altitude at this moment, 10,000 feet. Our feet are cold. We appear to be over hauling a mist to the south-east. 2.50 p.m.— We are enshrouded in it, and can see nought but ourselves aud our balloon. A few minutes later we have a magnificent picture of the balloon on the clouds. We can see our vh-a-ii-t doing everything exactly as we do, even to the fingers distinctly handling the ropes. Our ghosts are dummies. We make them speak by shouting ourselves, and even in this they exactly imitate us. The grappling cable which I have let out is distinctly reproduced in rellec-" tion or shadow running to the phautom car. I call Sir Claude de Crespigny's attention to this apparent negative. He cannot see it where he is sitting, but immediately on coming to my side he sees the rope as distinctly as I do. My blue serge suit looks now fjuite green, and continues so for many minutes. The atmosphere is a very deep blue above ns. The gas up through the centre of tiie balloon Í9 perfectly e'ear, and the great dome with its gores and diamonds has a very solid and assuring appcarauce. Everything is in perfect tranquillity. We can hear the beating of our hearts very distinctly. Our ears are oc casionally blocked, but we remedy this little evil by widely opening our mouths. At 4.30 wc both think there is a slight sound as of surf. We are very slowly desceuding, and at -i.-10 emerge on the under side of the clouds, and can see something looking like a coast line to the south-east. We are still en the same course we started with. At -1.50 we have approached near enough to tind that our imaginary coast line is a long sweep of shoal, but it encourages us to think that we have passed mid- ocean. Another long line of shoal now appears behind to the eastward. As if by magic, we are in full view of six steamers, a3 we suppose. These are all coming from the east. Oil nearer approach we see they are sailing vessels. They appear to expcct ive shall require their services, for they are tacking antl dodging us. 5.10.—Two steamers are distinctly risible, both going westward. 5.50.—Sir Claude cries, 'Look there; is that another shoal?' We discuss this matter with much interest. Sir Claude cannot believe it is anything but main land. I soon begin to think the same, but it continues for a long time very indistinct, and as I look very fixedly at it for some minutes it appears to alter its shapo, and I conclude it can be nothing but a streaky cloud. Instead of in creasing in distinctness, this long sweep now grows more dim, and at the same time we have other indications which make us think we have changed our course, aud that there is a point of north in it. Now for some manoeuvring to try and find out whether a sudden increase of alti tude has changed our course. Sir Claude says two or three times that he docs not despair of the streak turning out to be land. His distant vision was more distinct than usual." At ten minutes past six Mr. Simmons was perfectly satisfied that he was within a short distance of the coast. " The sun had been for some minutes deeply shrouded, but ho peeped between, the clouds, and under the influences of his rays the balloon instantly shot upwards with fearful vapidity. Sir Claude said, ' Do ycu not smell gas escaping ?' but I did not, and had it not been for this safeguard of his, the conse quences might have been serious. In a few seconds we were over a vast area of what looked like mountains of snow solid enough to walk on. The grandeur of this scene it would be utter folly for mo to attempt to describe. Not the slightest movement could be detected in any part of this vaat cloudland; every mountain peak ücemed . to stand there fixed for ever. The temptation was too great to go down aud leave this grandeur? until the greater tempta tion, the positive sound of the surf immediately beneath us. I now ^opened the valve, and we rushed downwards,vmth great rapidity. A few seconds were sufficient to bring us down from our highest position (17,000 feet) low enough to spread before our delighted vision the beach of Walchcren Island, on the north side of the Scheldt River, and the mainland of Holland, shutting us in on the south. We had already passed the mouth of the Scheldt. I considered we were safe enouph, and I sketched Walcheren, with the town of • Flushing beneath us. The people were now hailing us lustily from all points. The balloon was brought down splendidly at Flush ing, the grappling-iron taking a firm grip in a ditch surrounding a whcatfield. This ditch acted as well as a fence round the balloon to keep off the great crush. When we had emptied and packed the balloon, the streets were thronged with people all the way to the Hotel Wellington, where we wereentertainedforashort time. After getting somo refreshments we pro ceeded to the landing-stage and there procured berths on board the mail-steamer Princess Mary, for Queensborough. I had almost for gotten to mention that tho cold was intense over the mouth of the West Scheldt, at the alti tude of 17,000 feet. I had 400 lbs. of ballast left when we came down, and our journey could have been prolonged but for our having promised Lady de Crespigny that we would do our best to .descend on reaching the coast. We landed at 7 o'clock." 