General News. There were last week 140 natives afflicted with measles on Rottnest Island. We understand that the Spring-hill pro- perty, belonging to the estate of the late Mr. Helms, has been purchased by Mr. W. T. Loton, for £3,000. Nov. 5 was the 29th anniversary of one of the famous engagements of the ever meinorable Crimean campaign — that of the Battle of Lnkennaun, which took place on the 5th November. 1854. Advices from Mauritius per Janet state that the horses taken by that vessel on her last voyage to Port ?Louis realised an average of Be. 280 gross per bead, and that the local market for draught imimnlg had been satisfied. The South Australian Register contains the following paragraph with reference to Mr. Julian Harper, who obtained a short leave of absence after his return from Eoe boume and proceeded to Adelaide a few weeks ago : — ' Captain Haggard having re signed bis position as Aide-de-camp to His Excellency the Governor, Mr. Julian F. j Harper, barrister, of Western Australia, has I been appointed to the position. Captain j Haggard will act as extra Aide-de-camp, and will resume his connection with the Customs.' A correspondent, styling himself ' Church man,' writes: — 'I was pained on reading a paragraph in one of your contemporaries a few days ago, which dealt in an exceed ingly mean, sarcastic manner with the opinions of a correspondent — Cui Bono— on the great Anglo-Israelite question. I was specially pained because I pity from my heart any man who holds religious (?) views apparently ?«™il«i' to those known to be heHby the Editor of your censorious con temporary. If a man is sincere in his religious convictions he is worthy of all respect and encouragement. Despair not, O ye jln^elo-Israeutes, but re- jotce.' On Saturday, November 3, engine No. 5, attached to the twe o'clock train from Fremantle, broke down near the Subiaco platform through the tenfrrag of the tubes. By uncoupling from the carriages the driver (Heady) managed to get his engine to the top of the decline which leads in from Boundary-street, the momentum the otigino gained in its descent proving sufficient to bring it along to the Station. A spare engine was promptly despatched along the line for the carriages, and some little delay occurred in despatching the return train, to which the broken-down engine was attached and taken back to the workshops at FremanHe. A correspondent at Dongatza sayB: — 'Mr. Mathew Burnett's visit to this district has been a great success. During three hours' hard work he administered the pledge to 130 persons — the greatest number he has ever converted in so short a time. Old and young, rich and poor, all were willing to reform and take the Bed Ribbon as apledge of Temperance. If Mr. Burnett had been sent from the other world on the important Mission of teaching the people how to behave themselves, he could not bave been more zealous. It is to be hoped that every inebriate who finds the benefit of temperance wfll not play the fool, and, like the dog, return, to bis own vomit-' The 8ovih Australian Advertiser says:— Mr. E. Hounslow, Seamen's Missionary, desires attention to be called to the circum stances of the widow of Captain Jenkins, drowned through the capsizing of a boat at Vasse, Western Australia. The deceased was married from Port Adelaide, to which bis widow has returned in ttoiiraf^ fo«mlrii _ She has been rendered destitute by the death of a mariner greatly respected. Cap tain Jenkins was an expert swimmer, but still risked his Life in attempting to reach the Ehore so that he might give his men a better chance. All the ready money that he had {£10) was on him when drowned, and was consequently lost The people in Vasse collected £28 for Mrs. Jenkins, but the Mayor aud other prominent gentlemen of Port Adelaide have started a subscrip tion to further provide for the widow. A kangaroo doe was to have been seen a few days ago prowling up and down Hay street, to the west of William-etreet, evidently in a very dangerous condition. The biute ran about with, its head hanging down, snapping and biting at every person or nTiitnai that passed it. At hist in the afternoon it lay down by the side of the road just opposite the Wesleyan Manse, when it presented such a pitiable spectacle that a member of the police force obtained authority to have the M«m»l put out of misery. By this time the dog was foaming at the mouth to such a degree that it was a matter of some difficulty to induce anyone to undertake the risk of killing it. At last one man was persuaded to knock it on the head, after which the carcass was removed and buried. Without going so far as to say that this was a case of hydrophobia, we must confess that it looked most suspiciously like it. The Sydney Bulletin, says : — De Quincey would have appreciated this. When we wrote about ' murder as a fine art,' he was not aware of bow very fine an art it is in the right hands. Two men murdered another at Kojonup, W.A., a short time ago. They murdered him to get some money he had. After the gory deed was done they had some difficulty in disposing of the body. Which they solved by cremation. Then, through some fatal instaiif*., or perhaps because of some morbid delight they had in carrying about the dust of their victim with them, they put the ashes into a box and carried it with them. Of course they were found out. And to make the affair still more piquant, they were conveyed to Perth sitting on this very box. It must have been a highly-epieed sensation to feel that the dust of the murdered man was there — ready, as it were, at any moment to turn bloody at their touch. And at night his ghost very likely sat down between them to keep them company. It is well that only a few people know the pleasure of murder, or there would be a gallows at every street corner. The Australasian Shipping Seam of October 20 reproduces from the columns of the New Tort Times the following story of an immense turtle : — A few days ago an American schooner met with a remarkable, not to say unprecedented, turtle. The reptile was sleeping peacefully on the sur face of the water in the neighborhood of the banks, and when it was first seen it was supposed to be the hull of a capsized vessel On approaching close to it, however, the schooner's people saw that the supposed hull was a turtle about 60 feet long and 40 feet broad. As it was decidedly larger than the schooner, the latter wisely forbore to attempt to capture it and sailed away, leaving the turtle directly in the path of the Atlantic steamers, any one of which vessels may run into it. The existence of gigantic turtles of the dimensions of the one in question has never been suspected, chiefly because such excessive animate have never before been seen. When we remember that a turtle 60 feet long and 40 feet wide must draw at least IS feet of water, we can understand that such turtles have never approached near enough to the land to be seen, much less to be pursued and turned on their backs by floating derricks. It is probable that they spend nearly all their time below the surface of the water, coming up to breiihe only at njght. With such habits it is no wonder that no one has seen a 6GUft. turtle until the ether day. If the sea contains turtles as large as a small-sized island, they must be exceedingly dangerous to shipping. If a steamer runs into the turtle seen by the American schooner, that steamer will oe wrecked as certainly as if she were to run on one of the Scilly Islands., Turtles, even when floating on the surface of the water, lie so low that they can be 6een with difficulty, and &? they carry no sidelights it is quite impossible to see them after dark. The simple fact is that the commerce of the world is at the mercy of the turtles, and we shall never know how many of the vessels that are reported ' missing' have struck on turtles and gone to the bottom without a moment's warning. The experience of the captain and crew of the American schooner already mentioned may, however, be interpreted as an evidence of the terrible effects of adulterated liquors. Pure whisky, as is well known, leads to discoveries of sea serpents. The liquor that results in gigantic turtles must be a horrible compound, and in the interest of scionoe the people of the American schooner should tell where they procured their liquor, and submit a specimen of it — if any remains — to some competent chemist Iw analysis. Advices by Friday's mafls from Singa pore and China state that no improvement whatever had taken place in the sandftl wood market dnring the fortnight which had elapsed since the date of advices by the previous mail. We understand that Mr. E. L. Barring ton has been nominated to represent toe Central Ward in the City Council, sharing the contest with Cr. H. Smith, and that Cr. Osborne has consented to stand for the North Ward, in opposition to Messrs. Vin cent and Harry Williams. Mr. F. M. Stone has consented to be nominated as a Councillor for the Central Ward. At the Young Men's Mutual Improve ment Society's meeting on Wednesday an interesting and well-prepared essay was deliveredby Mr. Walter James, theSecretary. who took for his subject ' How to Advance the Interests of the Association.' The essayist toot a somewhat pessunous view of the members' endeavours at self -improve- ment, and a. considerable time was after wards occupied in criticisiiig the main points of the essay. At the hist moment Mr. Harry Williams acceded to the request of a large num ber of influential ratepayers to divide bonora with Mr. Vincent as a candidate for the representation of the Narth Ward at the Municipal Election on Monday next. Both are good men, possessing experience and as good a knowledge of local requirements as any who have yet come forward to occupy a seat at the civic board. Both are popular and command equally strong support, so that the contest between them is just likely to wax tx*th hot and strong. A great improvement has been effected in the chief business portion of the 3ity by the erection of a large warehouse and store at the corner of Hay and William, streets. This really handsome-looking structure has been built by Mr. Levi Green, and wfll be occupied by that well-known Fremantle firm— Messrs. Sandover and Mayhew. These energetic gentlemen intend to extend their business in the Capital, and they are cer tainly fortunate in having secured such extremely eligible and commodious premiaes, so well suited and thoroughly adapted to the required purpose. Last Wednesday morning a boy, named Nicholas Woodcock, was charged at the City Police Court with the larceny of a hair brush. This ted has Lately given the police a good deal of trouble by reason of his bad conduct, and was one of the five boys who were lately prosecuted for damaging the street name-plates, though upon that oc casion he managed to get off scot-free. This time, however, the evidence was too clear against *»»'», and the Bench sentenced him to six months' imprisonment. Lady Barker's Garden Party on Thurs day afternoon was attended by a large num ber of cUaeenH, besides many l«^i«i and gentlemen from Fremanfle and Guildford. The Rifle Band played a selection of music during the reception, whilst the visitors, who were received very hospitably by Lady Barker and His Excellency the Governor, promenaded the beautifully laid out and well-kept grounds of Government House. The National anthem brought the pro ceedings to a close at about half -past 6 o'clock. A strange theft was lately committed in the City. One morning, not very long ago, & well-known. **ata»Mi xaee «n»*ii«^* rtw.« li£ is usually accustomed to do, and upon opening his meat-safe, which stood on the back verandah, he discovered that & fine shoulder of mutton had been feloniously abstracted therefrom during the course of the preced ing night. Af- first the victim of *^'g rob bery, chafing somewhat at having been de prived of his breakfast in such atrulybfiart liraH maitnt-rJ HetermiwtaA tnTBpm+tiu- «¥«ii*a«. to the all-knowing and ever-vigilant City Police ; but before doing so he examined the interior of the safe more carefully, when he found that the family blue-bag had also dis appeared. The thought then struck him that this loss might, be the means of his dis covering the offender, and so he Aim^A to wait a bit before invoking the powerful agency of the law. And well it was, as it turned out, that he did so ; for about half an hour afterwards his pet monkey came np to him ' blued ' from head to feet^ and the rogue of a thief stood self -convicted of its mmn it appeared that the cunning little quadrumanous a-winm! had opened rt»« safe, abstracted the shoufiter of mutton, which it gave to the dogs, and had then tfrtAtm the bine-bag, with which it decorated itself to ite liking. The strangest part of file affair was that Jacko should have been so careful as to shut and fasten the safe-door after he had committed the barefaced robbery, which fact seems to argue the possession, of an amount of sagacity far j-«wwiing mere animal instinct. 