CRICKET. HoiDSviouTH Ctr -AIM OF A CARLTON - The first CIRCUs of the "briefing of] loved each other for the last time this Rotorua on Saturday last, on the Association Ground Owing to three in win li ffII itiBtboforo 2 each k the sales' was wet, and fine during the full moon the pine erb allie driven to shelter by the rain They, how ever, were not to be deterred from the enjoyment, and the paine for "tone tune was continued d in drizzling. rain Carting won trip to J till we eat decided to go in in t in the wet surface of the trio and London du me Um i diTcnltv for the ability. to get a set sure hold of trio Mr] torn' hall, and for the fieldsmen to obtain a 1.001 foothold The result showed that the latter had 11 campaigns. and 1. greeted the bowlers as, the turf the piano with which bumped 10 kindly might I add -a 1 adaptable choir and von turn After the po di pal of tin Carlton but men against the University team on the jam in its dm , defeat A Barnes- a man might get bet at the wi 11 is., nothing formidable in the way of stormy was opened eppotinlU IIB tim Albert Eleven had the uput Inn and Line a line but Imp team A. Bannerman however, was a tin can, and he put ' Bet so firmly that LOco of the lit bowlers « 1 0 atto noted in his logic have succeeded in doing so He went in first with W Adams, (honours Grmimur eel ool boy who defied the" University boating on Pi plan for two hours, and then 1 til h batsmen had battled sic itself down to their work Admit It is given out ' stumped," when it was clear to Events fields seen near the wicket that 0 each was set at the case. It 11 a very bad luck for dinner, for he was playing with profit conscience when he was seen at an Marr, the lost man, was caufjhtbl Close, at third man without scoring:. With the score at 10 Nunn went to the assistance of Bivnno'man, and then too holds men were treated with some diverting exercise in chasing the ball which was vigorously propelled by both batsmen with a famine Is it must have been on painful to those howlers who think of nothing but their average Most of those who bundled the leather were short as to the pitch which gave A Bunnornmn numerous chances of indulging in his favorite "pull." which it must be said he did not a place Nunn ably aided him, and it was not you before nearly every available chang, of boiling hurt been resorted to by D Gio_on,tho Albert "skipper" When the score had reached 70, IS am Linda arrow while fr m buoy run out. the bull home thrown at him with es and was MR it and when Bannerman had made about 60 runs to min nearly taught by Wood, the avit'cot-koBi01. who married him In first Wood hail the ball in his hand, but in the profit effort he made to reach it he slipped down and the business raked out of his hand again. Shortly after Wood had 11 ditto ult chance of Mump- ing the " little Hlonowallu " oil 1) Gregory's "peculiar' which was not send lilian proved to be expansive acts of inuladroitness, for the opening batsman after that never find the ghost of a chance, and peppered the Dnvvimir amateur rule'. At 150, Nunn was disposed of, being caught by forward cover-point, from rather a bad stroke He, however, played exceedingly well for his school of, and gave but the one chance. Mor was thousand palings from the rate of seed friend when Bannerman was joined by his obiter j but when 175 had been reached, Fletcher, who fielded as a substitute the long Held on, missed Al obster : list of r difficult catch but by no more, is only one. AA lion time was called the butbiiVn hill) in his pixmi-h-inn of their wickets, trade the total bud rise to 30 for the loss of three n lolti'iH -Bannorninti being not out. 1-3. and Webster not out 41. Bannerman got his man by splendid cricket, the slow pace of the ball from the pitch enabling him to "pull" anything short-pitched to the outside or round to K(ju-r>-JPg. 'His cutting youth are very fine, while it is needless to add, DU defence was, as it always is, of the most stubborn need for men. The two difficult chances referred toamtlioonlv slight blemish! when his good all-round play is viewed analytically. Bill from which will probably be considerably augmented next Saturday in" the highest over -~»/U in a cup contest. Webster obtained his runs with freedom and in good style The boy king of the tight Albert b minors was doors occasionally, Moses appearing; to have a better teeth than any of thither, but a wet and heavy hall no doubt operated seriously against the mi SUICISH The fielding was only possible, but AV oil behind the wickets looked almost eleven Ellyard h undid the billet times FOR death as to gn_»¡,it,t fruit I not suffered in the day the Roof thodutuiHof Ihm dith ult post when he has had wins pratice Misses Swift and Power acted as umpires The game will be resumed next Saturday. secure - CARLTON -V r Innings V Bimeirain not out 17 R V Webster, not out 11 A by James st Well is 1 like C' Boyes A P Aird, end of bills in - 1 Nunn c Burke b Coulter 5" I The cow is els down for 239 Bl own A AILIVNU -Mr may s iMiriii'L Ctr - The ordinary du Uehlilvt in the are mined i at, brought to a to wins in MI "-Jim' y often lit, on the Cup walked--, Mo i i II rlt tim Hensby s , arising ' a yet for v by 1 | inns the VMut i in to it and in the bill to June against a step of 'l. but b inhumanely I 0 lift their own u ments w mm rain Km I must state! his Vllimict-' > hat Meg Mrs H to cut the use HO in or upon that the train tion (fIrst enough that is in b) Tyson uni I hatip tm lent a time I Tim: ii I it her n tel ever h near mills n in match three is chains in s m suit, in particular was good mi'! five bags ., i v e per ISM if near by I fight him to grief as it has in my n ' at a city the lair contriving B' U after the much slit red part only militated against the Nimbin' bowling. time. still emu is a hut till inn b, them in the an i put it s first and is (at this, and as the circum- st in c. via, start ly to be I expected excepting the last inn lies of the Allies. it may do not say that the three runaways must get you a particularly even, namely, GC, GM, and (JJ, SO that the time it' perfectly evenly balanced, fortune, in the K hill proved to among the Hugbyites The following are the settle in detail - First Innings. ncrlailil.il Sir: It Alteration. c Carlton, b Keogh,.. Wightman is So she. Chapman, is Smith . steel. gun nut. Morris, c Walton, u Smith A McCoy, not out >,. , Hartigan. c Reid, b Smith Atkinson. of KATIE. b Edwards Cninuiv. li KitiririU ". ... M'Alplm-. 'T Smith . Sundries.... Total First Innings. Edwards. 1) AA human . JiVntrh, li W'ltrltiKitin. Murtough Wightman. Dunn. I) M'Alpliw M Devitt. run out J Devitt, b Wightman Smith, is w'iulitnitm. V.tiicnian.h AA'ij»iitinan G 'Thompson, of McAlpine, b Wightman Flannigan. li Wightman . Outram. an; old . Smithies 10 Second Innings, is All Devitt Iii on, b edwards. 1 b w, b Edwards 2.. 2 3) Smith 2 1 is iv. is "Edwards .. v I) M. Devitt 12 of formerly. 1) M. Devitt 20 b liilivitrns 1 Abeent h M. Davis. 9 not out 0 Ministries. 3 .; 05 ALLIANCE. Total . Second Innings. b Wightman. 4) Britain . h Mirth . h Wiclitman. run out 2 not out . A McCoy . c Steel, b Wightman , b Wightman. BA McCoy . run out 2 Sundry lea. 03 Total ." A ... SI Total CO , T lia OwhonieS nurt Kintfitons were present, prepared to take up their friends. that they run at the time being steadily, n liosfpou'emeh't until Saturday next at 2.15 was deemed the Child C O play d a return match with the (life Va restless C C mi fills 1st at Nurse 1 1 rk and smell and si y Inrv by 117 runs I h> H in this event In (cost our men a merry m Miiktie- 1 hunting visit "the late H and Co a pair 10) To n than ? Sir In kits for 2-19 ) VA' i nee r i i f r I I lie I had a turn 'out in aid arrive in view 1 ---< and 1 sill r I i i i in like a 'GI HIT H co i livi I hope till! im i - for MI "l'Cov 20in, and W I t rev Mr J A', me I-, am Hindes 10 nUn I yards C Hill A Dm fires in their PI and innings and then sink to do in for of r mu Nm n played well for St! di s t nil and 11 'to it in to a a a to to Our After the ore in h t Ki t hs s ful as The erick t m till Mil' unie y '"' run finished in Kensington Oy ii i n Sum by Rev N r m ds instant I hear great men Mr and ivor !) out for 11" AA. later Giffen scoring $1 1 a fine series of' A li a bus in a is a net 70 her late 11 Innes m iv SMITH bill-, Milourio attired in their second making 79 '< "<> G Olds a four months work is in a run The story. i Is On in a lv li id 28 tons for want 11 Vin which the branch of li tin Two n i it up while I life little event for li I be yy ill r was said uni winds n 1 tin i i n spent in for a short time Then we Vts very v 1 ii I t I " much cut up,) under tilled The a man all through was [is yet much in favourable e an I was Onrtnrresr in itnlAra it I This is filled - list matches for Timm h Sir'- cricket trophy li in him n i her and pull on a -11 bee at "4 hr 16 and 3 in the last, set of Shoalhaven, rooms at 3 in the Army in v Your Cln! on Friday Nnnri ( life's their 'i ning v for total of 50 runs in the to me names I was stored by me Milton, in the di It relates he and I 70 he is i i h sound 05 with fire viioketsrn full The mu' awarding iv 12 o'clock Saturday when Milton v air niUiton Creek Club renewed the contest, the former under' nil p n in one innings, with 71 runs to spare oars Club gave a diner on Saturday night, in honour of the Milton visitors at which 60 gentlemen sat dum Un street Bondi elm ruled throughout and the health of Mr TI arthur, Mr P , the donor of the cup, was en- It rains really drunk Our correspondent in Melbourne the crops that the bichromate h be seen The Watson turning on of Scot land, and John Tiller cha i i m u Australia died on Saturday the scholars r ha ?. w in the match in it or this nature must driving in find n Eden It 0 and A I 'Ho son plan to the distress in G 1 mrs intimates I jj seconds The best 1 ne) sh record is 0 1 nun 1 a means Our Ale'sile t m I ml the bright and the return of a fire at sea the Citi Til! On in an md the Fri 11 a result I in OK former getting oil per use as against the Police 471 points 