THE WILLIAUSTOWN RACES. Tho Easter meeting of tho WilliamstowS Racing Club was hold yesterday on the local course near Point Cook. Tbo weather dnring tho earlier part of the day was fine, though rather oppressive, Between three o'clock and half-past a fall of rain took place, causing those present to seek shelter, of which very little was obtainable. The attendance was good, a large number of visitors from tho metropolis being present. Tho stand was well filled, prin- cipally by ladies. The arrangements generally wero good, though thero aro two exceptions to this statement. The first was in connection with tho railway arrangements, tho club having advertised that visitors would be conveyed di rect to tho course. Those who went by rail, however, found that they had been imposed upon, as they bad to walk over paddocks and fences for upwards of a milo to the course. Tho second cause ofcomplaint wustho bad starting. In ' the AltonaHandicapsometbiuglikeflO minutes was spent before (he four horses were sent away for their short spin. Tbe starting of the next race also was a failure, Kanoota iu the first place bolting and wasting some time, and Plato after wards turning round instead of going off with the other horses when the flag fell. The fields were small, but several excellent finishes took placo, particularly in the Altona Handicap, which was won on the post by Tho Ghost, who was brought up in splendid stylo by his jockey, Kiiby. Tho Hurdle Race resalted in a win for Yarreo, wbo finished in good stylo; Stormhird was second, and Merry Maid third. Eros, the only other starter, fell over tbe Inst bnrdle, and so spoilt his chance. The Telegraph Stakes— a selling raco — went to Doctor, who defeated Qucon Elizabeth and Kanoota with ease. Tho latter only carried 4 st. G lb., his weight having been reduced to this by selling allow ances. The winner was sold for £56, the club profiting by £36. The rain commenced just beforo the Galloway Raco was run, making tbe course in rather a greasy condition. Tho contest was not at all exciting, or even interesting, Prattle winning as she pleased from Village Lass, the enly othor starter, Flying Bee, never appear ing to have a show of winning. The Steeplechase brought forth six competitors, and was a good race. Notwithstanding the condition of tba course after the heavy shower, not a single fail took place. Tho result proved a victory for Premier, Breechloader running him very closely for prido of place ;- Ascot finished third anil Governor fourth. Tho programme concluded with the Seaford Handicap, which brought out seven starters. It resulted in a victory for Black Diamond, who led almost from the start. Dougalston made a good effort, but was defeated by a neck ; L'Africaine finished third. No official time was taken for any of the events. Tho following aro tho details of the racing : — Handicap Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs. Two miles. G. Crlpps's br m Ynrrce, by Khedive, 9 St. 7 lb. (Howltt) 1 R. Battys b gStormblrd, 9 st. .. .. (Wall) 2 M. Jacobs's cli m Mcrrymaid, lOst. .. (ilnht) 3 I). YeenU's eh g Eros, list. 4 lb. .. (Kilduff) O Petting: Even on Eros, 3 to 1 each against Stormbfrd aud Merry Maid, 4 to 1 "Varrec. An even stare took place, Stonnbird getting off quickest, but immediately giving way to Merry Maid, who led for a short distanco. StoruibirJ, however, ngaln went to the front nnd led over the first hurdle, Kros being last. Over the next jump tho order was Stormbinl, Yarrce, Merry Maid and Eros. Round the tan, towards tbe straight, the order remained un- changed. Coming up tho straight Storrubird, Merry Maid and Yarrco wero almost abreast, Eros still being last. Rounding the tan again Eros went up to third plnco, improving his position as tbey went along tbo opposite side of the course, until ho was at the head of affairs. The pace was increased very much as thev rouuded the turn towards homo, Yarroe being last, but close to the others. At the last hurdlo Eros, who held it good position on the inBldo, fell, leaving tno finish to bo decided betwoen tho other three. T lie little mare, Yarroe, provud herself best, winning by abnut six lengths from Stormbird, who was a couple of lengths in front of Merry Maid. Altona Handicap, of 60 aovs. Five furlongs. C. Jones's eh or ro h The Ghost, 6 yrs., 9 su, by Tregcaglo (Kllby) 1 J. Whittingham's br t Honora, 2 yrs., 7 St. 4 lb. " (St. Bacchus) 2 L. L. Smith's b in Hoidco of the Hills, 6 yrs., 8 St.. 3 lb (fllloy) 8 W. Langley'a br h Stationer, 4 yrs., 8 St. 4 lb. (Kelly), 0 Petting : Even on Haidce of tho Hills, 6 to 2 against nonora, 3 to 1 Ghost, 4 to 1 Stationer. After a very largo number of attempts tho horses got off fairly well, Honora being the first to show in front, attended by Stationer and Haidee of tbo Hills, Tho Ghost being lost. Ho soon Improved nis position, going past Sta tioner to third place. This was-tho order in which tlioy rounded tho turn. In tho straight the raco looked a certainty for Honora, but Tho Ghost was brought up on the InBide in splendid 6tyio by Kiiby, and, gaining ground by every stride, won a- well contested raco by a bead on tho post. Uaitlce of tho llills wns a had third, and Stationer last. ... . Tbleoraiti Stakrs, of SO sovs. HaU-a-mile. Weight for ago. Winner to be sold for £50. Selling allow ances, 7 lb. for evory £10 reduction In price. J, A. Lang's br h Doctor, by Argus Scandal. 4 yrs., ' 7 st. 7 lb. (£20) (Walker) 1 T. Jones's blk or br f Queen Elizabeth, 3 yrs., 6 st. 12 1b. (£20) .. .. (Kiiby) 2 S. Miller's cli g Kanoota, 2 yrs., 4 St. 6 lb. (nil) (Tconiey) S a. Bowling ns. b c Plato, 2 yrs., 4 St. 9 lb. (nit) .. (Barr) 0 Petting : 7 to 4 on Doctor, 5 to 2 against ICanoota. After Kanoota had duno a preliminary on his own ao count, the starter sent them off. but Plato, Instead of going away, ran round tbe first post, and put himself out of the race. Doctor went off with the lead, having Queen Elizabeth next to him, Kanoota being last, lie, however, at once began to go up, and as they rounded tbo turn towards tho straight., their chances appeared lolorably even. Doctor, on the Inside, was first into the straight, and succeeded in maintaining Ids advantage to the finish, winning from Queen Elizabetti by about a length; Kanoota being third, about tiirce lengths off. Galloway Stakks.— Handicap of 25 sovs. Five fur longs. For Galloways, 3 yrs. old and upwards, 14 hands 2 Inches, and under (to bo measured before starting). J. Dallaway lis bm Prattle, 4 vrs,, by Buckingham, 8 st. 41b .. .. .. (Huht) 1 J. Cripps'a b m Village Lass, 5 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb. (Walker) 2 S. Moore its b m Flying Bee, 5 yrs., 8 St. 2 lb. .. (Burton) 3 Petting : 6 to 2 on Prattlo. At tho fall of the flag the favorite went to the front, attended by Village Las9, who disputed precedence with her for a shbrs distance. The llrst mentioned, however, soon as serted her superiority, and won easily by two lengths. Flying Pee never appeared to bo in it, and finished somo distaiicerbehind the others. Steeplechase, of 60 sovs. Two miles. T. Coffey's cli h Premier, by Yellow Jack, 0 yrs., 10 St. 7 lb (Huht) 1 R. Howie's b g Breechloader, aged, 10 St. 4 lb. (Keating) 2 A. F. Pradshaw'8 b g Ascot, 0 yrs., 10 St. (Chalkor) 3 G. Glasscock's br g Governor, 4'yrs.,9st. 7 1b. (Kilduff) 0 J. W. Clarke's br g Cruiser, aged, 9 St. 4 lb. .. .. (M'Douald) 0 J. Cripps's b gHector.dged, 9 st. 7 lb. .. (Howitt) 0 Petting : 7 to 4 against Premier, 6 to 2 Breech loader. Hector anil Ascot wero the flrst to show to tho front, the firstnameu leading over tho first fence, slipping as ho landed irom tho jump and almost coming to grief, 'i'ho horses soon became separated by considerable distances, frmn Hector, Cruiser and. Asrot in tho van to Preocliloader, who was going last. Rounding tho turn Cruiser dml Premier were at tho head of affairs, the puir leading over tlie jumps in front of tho stand. Round the turn those most pro minent wore Premier, Ascot, Cruiser. After getting over the fence at ttiu turn Hector ran off the course and destroyed his chance. Going along the back of the course Premier and Ascot were in front. Breech loader then went up to second place, tho order as. they eemo round tho turn towards tho straight being Premier, Ih- eeehloadcr, Ascot, Governor nnd Cruiser. Tlicso positions wore maintained to tho finish, Pre mier, on tho inside, winning by a length and a half, Ascot a bad third, Governor fuurth and Cruiser fifth. Seafood Handicap, of 75 sovs. One mile aud a quarter. J. Fatcrson's blk g Black Diamond, 0 yrs., by Her cules, 7 st. .. (Dobson) 1 L. L. Smith's b h Dougalston, 5 yrs., 7 st 7 lb. (Barton) 2 J. Wlilttingliam's br f L'Africnno, 8 yrs., Ost 4 lb. 1 (Bacchus) 3 S. C. Calvert's b m Linda, 4 yrs., 7st 121b. (Bell) O II. Yeeud's br h Balthazar, 6 yr9., 7 St. 71b. (Walker) 0 E. Evans's br It Lapstone, 4 yrs., 0 st ID lb. (Monan) 0 H. Haines's b m Luciuda, aged, 6 St. 5j!b. (Swallow) 0 Betting : 5 to 2 against Black Diamond, 2 to 1 Linda, 5 to 1 L'Afrienine. L'Africatno and Lap- ' stone on tho inside got woll away, Black Diamond also taklog . a good position, Dougal ston being last. Rounding the turn Black Diamond had tlio lead, Linda Improving her position, and Luciuda falling back last. The black gelding etill led along the back of the course, L'Africaine being close to liiUL Turning into tlie straight, the blackhad the advantage of tlie inside running. Dougalston now came in good stylo, but could not succeed In catching the leader, who won by a neck, after an exciting finiBh between the pair. L'Africaine was a bad third, then came Balthazar, Lapstone, Linda, and Lueinda lost. 