THE LONG-RANGED ROARER AbouT' the year 1851 the most influential man.in San.Antonio was. an alleged despe rado named Bob' Augustine.. Bob came to Sau' An'tonio with a fearful.record. He on joyed the reputationof haying killed a dozen or so of men; and was respected accordingly. While he was in Sail Antonio he did not reduce the census at all, but that was not his fault.. lio;had. a seductive way of draw ing .his eighteen-inch Arkansas toothpiok, and examining it critically with a sinister smile, wyhil'e humbly requesting theo' tempo= rary'loan of G dol.' Thus it was that Bob went about. acquiring' wealth and warm per sonal .friends, but creating no funerals. There wore rumours that Bob' was playing bluff, but that was after; he had marched away. It was during the reign of Bob Augustine, " the long-rangediroarer. of the Calavoras Canon," as he familiarly'called himself, that a young ;man from Boston named 'John Winthrop, came to., San,' Antonio, presum ably in search of hpaltlh, as he brought very little with.himi. He, was;far gone in con sumption, and nothing but the fact that he had iut a short time to' live, unless the climato of Western 'Texas saved him, in duced him to come to San Antonio. As overybody' cai?rid a pistol, Winthrop did not oaro to insult publio.doooeuoyby going un armed. , Besides,.suelh.:a' course might as seriously intoeforo with his,restoration to health as putting on a, clean shirt.', His Pnlriton,,trainingcaused him to revolt at the idea; of, oarrying firearms, so he re sortod to :artifice.., Hoa woro. a holster, but instead of keeping a pistol, in it, he had his cash funda.sqtored.,away in, it,:and nobody was the wiser, for jit. On the, contrary, Winthrop was looked, up to by the best citizens just the same as if he was loaded down with, deadly weapons. Of course overyboly , tried to makle the stranger from Massaehuseotts fool as comfortable as if he was at homoe; so lo was told all about Bob Augustine, the long-ranged, roarer, at least ton times a day, and ho.was advised not to. be particular in asking soourity for the debt in case the roarer wanted to borrow a small loan, unless he, Winthrop, did not wish to regain his health. As might have boon expoeted, the long. ranged roarer callod on Winthrop to colleot his usual assessments on strangers. Win throp was of tho opinion that if he could save his life and lose all his money he would be doing unusually well. The long-ranged roarer's idoe was to chase the blue-bellied Yankee arobund the room for a time or so, colloot.$,$ or $10, and porhaps make some ear-marks, a Ia, Whittaker, so, he would know him in a crowd if he should moot him again. The long-ranged roarer sauntered. into Winthrop's room at the hotel, but before the deospoeriulo could open his month or draw a weapon the unfortunate Yankee throw back his coat, and with trembling fingers ?ugged at his pistol- holstoe to got at his money, to .appeonso the would-be assassin. On the other hanid, as. soon as thel, roarer saw Winthrop trying to got out his pistol ho turned as palo as a, ghost. The alleged, dosporrdo's knoos knookod.togothor, the cold sweat. boiled out all over him, and he ex. tended his hand and said, tremblingly : "Don't draw, good Mr. Yankee I was only trying to fool you. My bold Arkansaw heart beats for you, my boy. I jest wanted to teach you a lesson. Neverlet any darned galloot get the drop on you. If anybody insults you, jest tell them that Bob Augus. tine, the roarer, is your friend. Winthrop, who was more scared, if pos. sible, than the roarer, replied: " 0, I'll give you what you want," and kept on tugging at the holster, which came unbuckled. With a yell of dismay the desperado passed out through the window, carrying off the sash, and ran down Commodore-street, the principal thoroughfare, with the sash on his neck, howling, " Police, police I" closely pursued by Winthrop, who kept on tugging at his holster, trying to get out his money, he believing that the desperado was running to his room to procure a shotgun with which to commit murder. All that afternoon Winthrop kept on hunting the roarer to purchase peace on terms, and the roarer had himself to avoid the pistol of the Boston man. Next morning the long-ranged roarer of the Calavoras Canon was missing, and Winthrop was the lion of the day for having run off the terror of the Alamo City. 