CATHOLIC CHUEOH, BINGERA. On Sunday3 April 22, his Lordohip Dr. Torreggiam, Bishop of Armidale, paid his third, visit to Bingera. He was received (writes our correspon dent) with great honour by the people of the town and its environs. Groat praise is due to tho Eev. Fathor Salvador, the worthy pastor of ISingora, and to his committee for tho rocoption given to the Bishop, which will bo long romomborod. At 9 o'clock on Sunday morning all tho children who had been previously prepared for Confirma tion and many adults received Holy Communion, Father Sulvndor saying Mass for thorn. It was imponing to boo no many peoplo in such a small town approach tho table of our Lord on this oc casion of the Bishop's Pastoral visitation. At 11 o'clock his Lordship said Mass, and preachod a moat telling sormon to a crowdod congregation on tho Workings of tho Holy Ghost in tho Church of God. Many Protestants wore present, and expressed themselves afterwards highly delighted with the sermon. Tho Catholics wore full of joy at the good effects produced by this third episco oal visitation. Af'ber the 11 o'clock Maoo his Lordship administered the Sacrament of Confir mation, and gave tho Apostolic Benediction. At the end of the eoromony, Mr. Doyle, of Eingora, stopped forward and read, on behalf of himself and the whole congregation, tho following address : — ' To bin Lordship the Uiglit Rev. Dr. Torreg giani, Bishop of Armidulo : May it ploaoe your Lordohip. Wo,the C&tholicao;£Bingere,feol proud, joyful, and grateful to seo your Lordohip , our beloved p&otor; and father, once more amongst uo. We know fchcfc your heart is with your opintual children, and that where they are, either few or many, either in towns or country, there your Lordship finds a home. Under these feelings we are justified in saying to your Lordship on this occasion — ' Welcome home, dearest lord and father — a thousand times welcome home to your loving and devoted children of Bingora.' We congratulate your Lordship at tho happy results produced throughout this vast diocese oinco your arrival in it, and sincerely thank Almighty God and the Vicar of Jeouo Chriat on earth for having sent you to us. We take this opportunity to fchank your Lordship for your kind thought of placing a resident priest here. This step will be productive of much good for the preservation and propagation of our holy l?aith in this district. Asking your Lordship's bleB3ing, we remain your Lordahip'o devoted children, tho Oafcholico of Bineera.' Hero a purse of sovereigns \7bg handed over to his Lordohip by the members o£ the committee in tokon of respoct and gratitude. His Lordohip 'made a suitable speech, in v/kieh ho thanked the people for their handsome dona tion, and for tho expression of their good feelings towards him. After thio demonstration his Lordship called the attention of the people to tho fact that this mission cannot be ouid to bo properly established without having a house i'or tha resident priest, and a moro suitable church. His Lordship, therefore, expressed hio intention to build at once a house for the priest on tho church ground, and repair the existing church in such e'way ao to givo it an- appearance of a new church. Ao thio mission io a poor one, hio Lord ship thought that more than that could not bo attempted with prudonco at present. The people cheerfully agreed with his Jjord ehip'o plan of action, and a builder will ooon appear to begin tho deoired work. This concluded the morning's proceedings, ?which lasted up to 2 p.m. At half-past 3 o'olock in tho afternoon, his Lordship, assisted by the Eev. Fathor Salvador and others, in tho presence of a very largo congregation, consecrated the Catholic comotory, and preached a beautiful sermon on the oanctity of tho conoocrated burial ground, nnd tho necessity of preparation on tho parfc of the peoplo before reaching that place, for if thoy put off their preparation for a happy death until after death, thoy would be too late, and tho regret would be everlasting. This .finished tho work at Bingera, on tho 22nd day of April, 1883— a day which will be long remem bered by tho Oatholico of Eingora and its dis . ' fcriefc. A MOSl1 agreeable improvement has been mado in the interior appearance of tho Cathedral by tho addition of tho now stained windows. Latest advicoo 'received from hio Lordohip Dr, Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, Vic, state that he has mado arrangements to leave London for Australia. 