''?'?:-??'? ACTA POPTTLI. ^ ;,.,-. ( . BY THE FltANEUK. ... , 1 , Again Crispimia comes ! And yot again $; \- j.'And oft shall he be summoned to sustain fe ? . . , , His dreadful part. '.:? — Juvenal. ;«! , But sure 'tis pleasant as we walk to soo oc.- ' 'The pointed finger ; hoar the loud ' That's He.' f. ?: ,:-?; , — Porsius. ;:'.' They are tlio most frivolons aud superficial of niruH iihd who can bo mncli delighted with that praise which: ;. they themselves know to bo unmerited. [ — Adain Smith. ?? Soy ! Joy ! Unuttarablo joy, and a little morej bo. Thia season of tho year is always a bad,! ' weary time for the journalist : it io to him whatj j tho rainy season is to the poor trembling, fcwitter-j ing little songster of tho grove, or what gloomy j ,\?inter is to the ice-cream man, During these;, j sterile months it is as hard to raka up good,!' \ readable items as it is to find a rich mani;,. 'who died and wasn't ' respected by alii;] 'who know him.' And no tho ink-i^'j slinger [goes mooning oadly around, wearing !k; ?a sort of B,achael-refuoing'to-bo'Comfortod air!'| ' and abominable clothes, for he io well a ware that ; :-; ? once he hooks on to a good item all he has go do p, ? is lie back and let it speak for itself ; but the ;v ' article is deplorably scarce at present. To-day,^; \- however, I feel inclined to hoist the red flag and|;;/ shout Eureka ! for I have struck one corner of an $ .inexhaustible reef, and now my cup of joy is not || . only full to the brim, but a lot of it is slopping a§ over into the saucer also. ' j| ? :1 John Davios has got his head and shoulders out || Of his shell once more, and once let John get|| that much of his anatomy in or out of anything $ and the rest will soon follow. It is not that the^k quondam 1'remiar-maker ha3 any wit in hiinself -[': that he is valuabb, but he has such an inexpli-b coble way of drawing it out of others Lhat IjS verily believe he could magnetize even a Herald;^ parson to perpetrate a joko that would drag ajl|. , good, hcar,ty, rollicking old Irish laugh out ofrM . even the bald-headed ghost of Julius Csesar'slsj j. 'maiden aunt. That is why everyone who wields|S . a wing etalk of the toothsome gooso feelo up to|| 'i 'his ears in bliss to-day, when he hearsg: \- * that the prodigal son has returned to the||S ?' .buay world onee more, and that the fattadp ? buns have been killed, and the stimulating ginger- p ' beer has been brewed to welcome the championp ? * Spelling-Beeist back again to tho scenes of his ||- ) -former triumphs. That farthing's worth of& -; wealth, so far from boing an incentive to Johnfej \- to revel in Bothsehild-e7»«-Vandorbilt-e««?.-Danf;| /; - Cooper ease and luxury, has simply harassed himl;| ' beyond belief, and now that tho political warp ?' trumpet ig beginning to do its Ta-ran-ta-ra, the I'; '' old war horse 'praneetfa boldly forth to meet:';; ' ' fcho armed men,' .as the gront poet Job would § , eay — ho smelleth the battle afar off, he hearothS \ tho encouraging of tho captains, the crack of thofe ' '-whipper-in's lash, the shouting of the depart-g r ? ' inenfcitrottera, and bridgo-and-road armies, and [a ' so he neigheth aloud in hio wrath and ohoutotht ? -f 'Ha! Ha! ye crosa-bonchos, and ballot-boxes, r: i1-1 I'm with yo once again 3 atloaat if I'm not, I'll 'p ''. 'stand close up and jab pins into tho30 who havef:: ijj basely - usurped ray place and pickings.' \i y.r; , ,But I'm sadly afraid Tannery John will have to|; pv 'flit down in the mud a little longer. It is true thefv t 1 whirligig of Time brings round some strange oventot .}.,.'J5n its eccentric revolutions, but tho day when w'ejj r, , 'shall -read of our model O.M.Q boing called upon[: ,? to join a Ministry is as far distant now as the|. \- , GJ-roek Kalends, or the opening of that bridge to^ \- , the land of Moab. John might make a good ? ,y,',Troasurer if the Coonanbarra wore sunk in the : -,-'. ana; but a Minister for Education, even if ho could ?iu; 'Jearn to spell — nevah — not even 'hardly evah.' ?' '. '. (. C-. ™ — ~ [?' '1. .'ii'.^The -first flutter our Mavor'o Spelling-book!; *'-'' Superseded hero had thia season was afc a recent;. *?' ' ' mooting ol' tho Sand wick Asylum Directors, and; 'v - there he shoved his eamo old form for a spin of^ ' 1' ' about half a mile, but speedily shut up when; challenged. John declared there was oomothing! \- . rotten in the state of Randwick, and ho wouldj move that in tho future all storea roquirodj v ? should be formally tendered for. Ifc appears the late contracting butcher had , been in (?? tho habit of supplying pork sausages which,! although exceedingly good in thoir way, wore! discovered by some of tho lynx-eyed committee to; bo made out of tho flash of sv/ino. The aaidj j members being accu9tomed to U1030 mysterious! , table weapons, which aro called ' pork,' probably | on the hicus a non lucendo principlo, as they arc| ,' ? genorally bmlt out oil kjg-mng mutton, old' ,*- ' trousers, and groen-hido, naturally enough began; ;: to buck, and henco tho hubbub. Warming up / to his uubjoet, our aolf-mado horo doclarod that', . .last year the asylum was paying £10 a ton £or| f t' : .??'.. *y.- . ;....?? . . b.ay (for the wooden horso, I prosumo) when the -| game could havo been bought for £3. This took ;S immensely ; and John wa3 about to give the % committee a sample oi: hov/ Cicero, dropped it . hot on to Catiline when soda- water Starkoyj ? popped up and pointed out that tho immaculate Mr. Davie3 himself wao one of that very com mittee that slopped away tho £7 for nothing. Thon a largo chunk of gloom settled down on all,| and after mentally resolving to never patronize Stavkay'a gingoor-boor again, John sat down on his hat, and for tho rosfc of that meeting remained as silent and ofcill as a pot of striped paint. In a few daya. however, tho irropresaible Janu& j will make his second effort. Eiama — Siama who, if aho didn't exactly stone tho prophets, fired empty j air-guns at the High Priest 'Enry'a head (which ! waa even worse) — thatKiama is now about to be come a Peabody among the nations by inviting! John to a ' spontaneous' bun-banquot nostj month. 200 tickets have been already sold, andj it is to be hoped the gonial rovellor v/ill not sell , fchnce paste-board purchasora by declining to sho\7 up. It is so long now since we havo heard John apeak that tho one bald-headed old stump speech he used always to recite in eulogy oi aelf-roadf men will seem as fresh and glowing as the rosy , cheeks of Kiama's fair butter-punishing daugh ters, or a couple of brass tacks in an old hair trunk, ' May the best of digestion on appetite wait, j And the curse of Mahomet on all who come late.'[ ? From the Apollo-like Davios to the Adonis-: like E. B. Smith is no very extravagant bound,| ??:.: for the pair may be fairly classed as Arcades^ amho. And yet although they are totally unlike :?) in almost every respect, still they appear to be ,-v so very much alike that if I was to bo strucls . political this moment I couldn't tell which was jPompey and which was Ooaaar. John reminds : ione of the turbulent, ambitious, plotting,! . jWolsey, whilst Scbort more rocembles a Charles i: ill. courtier, who lives only for laughter, love, . land wine (So3eby's ' unferrnented,' of course). ?; ]Both men having been born with very moderate labilities, havo still managed to make these abili- ';. ; fcies stretch as far a3 possible. This in itself is ^ highly commendable, for ib is far more honour - K table to be a thoroughly competent blacksmith '? than it ia to be a thoroughly incapable Minister. W Farmer (3-ubbinB ig just as useful in his owa way .? as Professor Tyndal, and plain Pastor Allen may -;; work as much good in his own small circle as the ;\ most potent Salvation Harmy Capting that over f: aponthalf his time in ' hardent prajer,' and theh balance endeavouring to ascertain the best way ;i feo put a couple of 6 x 4 patches on his regulation! pants without making the improvoinenta unduly [; prominent. jv: Mr. Davies, like ' Bottom ' in one of hio [j humours, would prefer an Erclos, or tyrant's vein,|! and a part to toar a cat in, and to mako all thingr'f ; aplit — he would be aut Otvsar, aid nullus, andi: liko one of Byron's horoas, would prefer to rule' in Hades rathor than serve in Heaven. But; Robert Burdett ig loss ambitious. He would' rather bo allowed to aggravate his voice so thai .. jhe could roar you as gently as any sucking dovo, r knd ho is perfectly willing to allow his alter idem.] 'to appropriate all the honour attached to being} i-fortitcr in re, providing he himsel!! is credited}-, jwith being suavUer in modo. Thero io a deal of tae Epicurean nature about the little podgy ' member for the Macleay (Horace without the ;. head), and I am not quite sure B.. B. hasn't)' Ichoson the better part, for what doea Cassio sing but— ] ' A soldier's a man, '-.. A life's but a span, 'Why then, let a soldier drink.' But abovo all what does Martin Luthor, the . Apostle of the Eovolution, chant, but — : ' Who loves not woman, wine, and song1 Remains a fool his whole life long.'* '. ISTica chat for tho architect of Britian's glory, ] wasn't it? One speciality of tho suave Smith is that v/hen jever ho gives a blind man a shilling he flrat gild3 Hfc over in auch a way that the recipient fully jbolicves he holds a sovoroign, and never discovors 'tho mistake until ho calls for a gill of perfumed I fusol-oil, and roooivos 19s. loos change than he juhought ho v/ould. Ao a fair sample of this, let me! !quoto tho Thrasonical words of a recent telegram I vz Inch appeared in tho moot prominent part of the; IHekaIiD : 'At the instanco of E. B. Smith, Esq.,} [M.L.A., an important concession hao been made! | by tho Postal Department.' — ' I^cv/castlo corrcs-j ;pondcnt.' ' Important concession' is ' good,: 'very good, very excellent good,' but, alu3 ! whon' j\vo bocorao inquisitivo, and wnnl; to know you' I know, tho important conceasioii turns out to be' jiiothing move than an order that that rncmborV lottoro for tho Wewcastlo msiil will bo henceforth; received by tho Post OfOco at 10 p.m. instead of j. 9 p.m. as formerly. Most of tho Ooulopolis', i f people fully expected that at the very least Gro-m vernment House waa to be shifted to Honey- ?J 3uckle Point ; but now the illusion is dispelled, | they sit up half tho night consigning Smith to | undesirable regiono in tho dim and uncertain^ I'uture. j; 1 havo oifcon thought tho Into Mr. Shakanpearo j made a tall mistake whon ho wrote ' uneasy lies)1 ithe head that woaro a orown,' but it ceoma clear! ? jaov/ that a state bed built to suit oven tho refined) taste of a Parkes, and situated in a cozy cornorj of a gorgeous room, doco not always bring ci . bountiful supply of 1'Taturo'a aweet restorer — \\. sleep — to ita weary tenant. One would thinkj bhat the aristocratic ourroundings of Church Hillj:; would, howovei'j onGure coothing olumbero air.cl j happy dreams, but from a letter signed ' Pas' I| find thoy do not. J?urthermore, I have a friend; - uho puts Iiib hair in papers ovor night and writeoj poetry for the evening papers, and he nays ' Pax'l draws up the charge far too mildly, ? My friend's name io Eubbo, and as ho wishefij to be up with the morning's dawn to commencej his annual ode beginning ' Spring ! G-entlo Spring !' he retires to roost at 9 p.m. Juot as he is commencing to dream about silvery streams,'; and golden boams, and grand ballots ot fcho green-; 3yed houris, a fiend in human form nest door; commences io blaot a series of howls out of; i cornet that would make even a deaf;: corpse yearn to get up ont of his gravel and kick the tootler's head off. This) joy Iast3 till 11.30., and it is greatly intensified by!.; the fact that every hilarious larrikin who comoc-i along feels in duty bound to either accompany! tho soloist on a tin can or to perch in front of the! house and yell out some valuable hints such a:?j ' Unbutton yer collar, old 'un,' 'Go home an' aoak yer head in a tan pit ;' or perhaps he has a taste for the Si;. Crocilian art himself, and so hej lyells, ' Give us Grandfather's Pants — can't yer| blow any louder — turn the other end an' try 'Glog)| oave ther Queen' with th' froth off it— don't y' know eny other chunaa but Ba-a-a, Ba-a-a, Poof ?' About twenty minutea to 12 the play or either!. Iobos his heart or his wind, and then ho puts hisj bugle to bed and follows. Fubbs, tho poet, offers!; up a silent prayer, and turns to try for a snooze' once more. But the pubs have closed, and about; la dozen revellers start an impromptu Dutch eon-j ?cert under his window, each performer singing a! different air in a different time and key to hie ; neighbour. 1 a.m. — Grand duet on the tiles be .jtween Signora Pussiana and Signor TomaBo. : Catterwaulini. Lodger in nest room throwo up- hi3 window and pelts everything esoepfc the bed-J . stead at the talented performers, making toni times more row himoolf than thoy can. 2,30. — j j jStreet fight. Police as usual. 15 rounds fought j j amidst great excitement. 3.30. — Songs withoutj ! 77ordo by a Cochin China rooster in the next yard, j ivnth a rollicking chorus to each song, sustained ; i by every known species of domostic f owl in the J world, from tho Bantamo up to the Brahmao.}'. ' j'l-.SO. — More fog horns, and a choice assortment ol'i; latoam v/histleo throvm in. Factory otoam horn . ?calculated to wake the ghost of Herod Agrippa'e grandmother in three trion. 5.30. — Stampede ofj;-1 labourers, and a dog fight on tho pathway. 6. — | I Five finger oxerciseo on 17 grand pianos, each | .warranted to keep on till dinner time. 6.30. — |'3?eesh oh! Mulls, broem, an gar-foeah, ' Aiieb | !HYE.' V. — St. Philip's bello, with hurdy gurdy !in tho distance. 7.30. — Pandemonium. Suchj ?.are the joys of a night'a rest (!) on Church Hill. ! jTo find out what the nocturnal delights of other 'i parts of Sydney are multiply the above by jdfty. Although, in rocording from v/eok to woek ' Tho Acts of the Peoplo,' I have to administer!, many a well-deserved cactigation ; yot it alwaj'B -.' comes moro natural to mo to throw in praisel where praise is really duo. And this week I havoj jbhe congenial task imposed upon mo of saying a jgood word for a couplo of talontod and enterpris ing gentlemen who have 'done tho State Dome jaervice' by bringing out just in the nick of timoi ?Jan admirablo littlo book dealing with the; jlifo and labours and personal characteristics oi'j 'our lumentod Archbishop, Mv. James T.\ iDonovan, tho sub- editor of tho Fhbeman,! : ,;is tho author of the book, and my old friendj ;Tom Murray the publisher; and tho solid facto' jbhatsomo thousands of copies havo already boon ioold in tho city, and that thousands more aro boing 'aont av/ay to all parts of tho colony, are, the boot proofs of tho gonuino merit of tho pub-i jlication and of its popularity. To those who' havo already invosted fchoir le. in tho biography it[ as unnecessary to speak in its praise ; and it only 'i.'omano for ino to recommend itto ouchas may wioh 'to pOHBODQ a souvenir of tho lato Archbishop, in tho shapo of a faithful and delightfully gossipy irocoi'd oi; that prelato'o lifo from opening to jeloso, ' j/;, 