WHAT MIGHT nAVE BEEN EXPECTED. ]JY MltS. 1'liANK ll'CAKTUY. ONE wild March night, not many years ago, two young men walked rapidly through the main street of a etude Western settlement. There was little attempt at paving, as the place seemed to be scooped out of the solid rock which hemmed it in. The width of the street was a serious drawback to its distinction. The houses on either side, slanting down from the hills behind them, dilapidated, detached, and with little or no attempt at architecture, became more insignificant by the long distances which separated them and their grim surroundings. An icy wind, that grew more and more violent at night-fall, congealed all inclination for conversation but the younger of these pilgrims muttered through his chattering teeth, " God-forsaken, beastly hole, Max 1" " Not altogether," replied his companion. " Look yonder, Tom !" The wind, increasing in velocity, drove be. fore it the murky clouds that had rested upon the jagged hill-tops, and all at once could be seen a hundred martial, maritime, and grotesque shapes clearly defined upon the sky Myriads of stars began to glow with wonderful brilliancy, but the younger traveller gazed longingly upon the minor lights of the railroad depot that shone hopefully in the distance. The wide portico of a country store loomed in sight; cheerful arrays of patent medicines with their gaudy placards adorned the windows; the battered and broken-nosed figure of an Indian maiden insured the presence of tobacco to the way-worn traveller— and Tom began to soften with these signs of approaching civilization. ^ . " We'll soon shake the dustof this wretched place from our feet, Max," he said. "I've had a hasty presentiment hanging over me all day thab something would happen here; but there's the blessed old flaming eye of the engine at last." It all happened in a quarter of a minute, even as Tom ?poke. A waggon came rapidly down the steep cross-street, the driver vainly endeavoring, as he saw an old woman on the crossing, to arrest the speed of his vehicle , his beast was intelligent enough to aid him in this endeavor, but the grade was steep, and the old woman stumbled. Max sprang forward just in time to lift her to her feet. As he rose to his own the shaft of the wagon gave him a rough poke upon the leg, which made him wince for a moment, but he carried his light burden to the corner, where she struggled down out of his arms, saying, in the weak, tremulous quaver of age, " Thank ye, thank ye, young man," and hobbled away upon her stick in the gloom. The man in the waggon called out; " All right; boss ? Nobody hurt, I reckon ? " "All right—nobody hurt," echoed Max, and the waggon went rattling on. The old woman had already disappeared; the engine was belching forth flameand steam only a few rods away. In less than five minutes Tom was filling the brackets over their heads in the car with their 'travelling traps, and singing softly. " I got broke at playing poker, Three of a kind." This was Tom's favorite pamn of joy. He never got beyond the one line and the refrain, but theBe seemed to suffice him. He broke off shortly, however, upon looking at his companion. Max was deathly, pale, a white quiver about his mouth had a premonition of ghastly faintness about it. . " Hallo, old fellow," cried Tom, " you were hurt/after &U;takeAsi^ig«tthis." He poored feome %tipr <4dwn the throat of Max from a little brown flask, which quickly brought him round, but Tom remained anxious. " Where's the trouble, Max ? " lie said. " Only a blow on the leg," said Max. " I shouldn't wonder if there was a black and blue spoil there as big as your hand; but that's all. I'm tired and hungry; let's eat something." They fell to upon a little supper which Tom brought from the recesses of his travelling bag. The train started on, Max regained his fine florid complexion. Presently he let his head rest upon his beard, and closed his eyes in a light and easy slumber. Tom drew a breath of relief. The train increased in speed. As it went spinning eastward the very cockles of poor Tom's heart warmed at the thought of home. He pulled up the collar of his overcoat, extended his feet upon the luxurious upholstery of the saat ahead, folded his hat into a pillow, and was soon mingling his humble snore with the continuous rattle and occasional shriek of the railway train. With the morning came an amelioration of the cold, but it brought with it fog and mud. The nine miles' ride at the close of the second day, over an uneven country in a lumbering stage-coach, wruog sometimes from Max an exclamation that was nearly akin to a groan; his leg had been a little stiff when he got off the train. Tom thought it was the awkward position in which he had slept. He began now to be of the opinion that a touch of rheumatism might be at the bottom of the trouble. " We'll give it a rub with some of Aunt Era's liniment when we get home," said Tom, with a soft inflection upon the last word. Tom wouldn't have believed it possible he could have been so ridiculously glad to get back to stupid old Barnesville; he had been so grateful to get away from it, at that time, he had made up his mind that in the whole range of the States he could not tumble upon a duller, more perversely stagnant and exasperating spot than the village of which his father was so proud. It nettled him beyond endurance after he got back from college to see his father stand with his back to the dining-room grate, his hands folded beneath his coat tails, and hold forth by. the hour upon the petty themes discussed in the City Council, of which he was an influential member. A sword hung conspicuously over the mantel-piece, which seemed to Tom to crown the absurdity of the scene. The little attention Tom had given to the sanguinary ancients during his collegiate course increased his contempt for the regiment of home guards at Barnesville, of which his father was the colonel, and the approach of Washington's birthday quickened Tom's decision to join his friend Max Beling in that venture out in the mining districts. " Why, you'd better stay till after the twenty-second," said Aunt Em, who was busy with silken flags and rosettes at a side table. " Merry'scoming home from school on purpose, you know." " Yes," said the colonel, " I thought it judicious to send for America—in—ra—fact, I believe she is to personate the Goddess of Liberty; she is tall for her age, you know." Yes, Tom knew she was taller at fourteen than most girls at twenty. He was exceedingly fond and proud of his sister, bat he went nevertheless. Tom left Barnesville without a single regret and vowed in his heart that many a year should go by before he should again see the white houses and green blinds, and little front gardens, and neat palings, and slender saplings of elms and ash-trees and maples that at stated distances marked so many miles of his father's domain. This young lad of twenty, in the innocence and arrogance of youth, thought of many a lively joust and tournament that awaited him yonder, which made the present placid surroundings insipid beyond degree. Five years had gone by, and he was coming back again, with a lively respect for the fleshpots of Egypt. He had spent all the money left him by his dead mother, a considerable sum loaned him by his father, not to mention some little savings of Aunt Em's. He had spent all this money, and was coming back for more. Yet he had not been given to riotous living. Heaven knew the simple fare upon which he had served, the rough raiment he had worn. The money had all gone in unfortunate ventures in the mining districts. His friend Max had risked and lost even more than Tom. Fortune was a fickle jade, and had led them a sad dance, but at last she had warmed to their favour, and now the tide had turned. All this new investment wanted was a little more capita land their fortunes were made. His father had a clear head for business; it would be an easy matter to assure him that the venture was a safe one, and at last the future would be secured. Tom thought this all over as they jogged along in the stagecoach, and as the familiar old landmarks began to appear he put down his coat collar, brushed .bis hat with his sleeve, pulled his pantaloons down over his boots, and began to feel that he was Thoma's Jefferson Barnes, the only son of Colonel Barnes of Barnesville. His dark, thin, eager face grew more and more jubilant as the fine fertile lands of the old homestead were passed. Acre after acre of orchard and meadow and woodland were pointed out as the property of Colonel Barnes, and presently the jaded horsc3 began to pull up the hill to the big, square, newly painted mansion that crowned its summit. A crimson flame from the setting sun bumed in each window-pane, a brand-new flag floated from a new flag-staff, and a second portico and observatory had been added to the already fine and bedizened building. A few hours later the elder of our pilgrim? found himself arrayed in the one extra suit that he had worn upon state occasions for an incredible period of time—a sack coat and pantaloons of blue flannel, and a high military vest; indeed, the whole appearance of Max smacked of the martial. His skin was bronzed by exposure; even his hair had been toned by the elements to a dozen different shades of reddish-brown. His shoulders were square, and his big shapely head had a trick of inclining forward upon his beard, which somewhat detracted from his extraordinary height, but gave him, the colonel thought, a Napoleonic air of deliberation and distinction. The colonel was positive that Max had seen some sort of service; the stiffness in his leg was immediately accounted for by the fretting of an old wound. Tom humored this fancy, but begged his father not to mention it in the presence of his friend, as he was particularly sensitive upon this point. " Modest attributes that very commonly belong to heroic natures," acquiesced the colonel. -He was standing in his old attitude before the drawing-room grate, his feet far apirt, his hands beneath the tails of his coat. Max was tormented by an idea that the colonel closely resembled a hoary sheep that had been a pensioner upon the mining camp for many yeava—the poculiar triangular shape qf his head, which was pointed at the bottom, /long and narrow, clean shaven and bald; the expression of the face, bland, timid, deprecating, yet persistent; even the blatant tones of his voice, which went beyond Max, and reached a small, daintily cressed, neat, and dapper gentleman, who had been introduced as Mr. Fry, a prominent lawyer in a neighboring city,' and a candidate for the Legislature. Max found his feet sinking into a fine velvet carpet, and above his head the ceiling was frescoed in what he supposed was the prevailing style of the'day. - Chandeliers of crystal shed rivers of light upon striking pictures in gorgeous frames, upon the satin, brocatelle, and ebony of the furniture; and even as Max's eyes rested updn one of the heavily belaced and upholstered windows that lined the apartment, it resolved itself into the door, through which glided a tall slender girl, with bare shoulders, and magnificent black eyes that rendered the rest of her face pale by contrast. Her ears and neck, arms and fingers, ' Max thought, were disfigured by chains and rings, and when he took her out to dinner, his stiff leg became awkwardly entangled in her long train. The weather-beaten red in his cheekB deepened, and he did not know how much he was disconcerted until Miss America begged of him not to begin to hate her for the accident. Max bowed with scant and stiff courtesy, and wondered how this young woman with the ridiculous name of America could be the little sister that Tom so adored. She talked too much, and as if she had known Max for years (which she had, in truth, through her brother's letters); she was overdressed and too handsome, and too conscious of a loveliness that Max never could admire; she was able to stare a fellow out of countenance, and it was very difficult to take up the thread of conventional chitchat when one had been buried in the heart of a canon for five years, which any sensible girl would know, and not stare, and not chatter. " Of the Goddess of Liberty style," Max Kaid, scornfully, to himself. He was puzzled 10 keep up with the routine of the meal, which was not only in courses, but served with too many silver and cut- glass accompaniments for the simple convenience of Max Beling. The variety of forks alone became a study to him. If America could only have known the cause of his vexation and abstraction, it might have saved her a deal of future trouble; she would have begun by pitying him, perhaps despising him ; but Tom had led her to form an exalted conception of his friend's character, which her own extravagant imagination had completed. When poor Max was puzzling over the peculiar shape of one of his extra forks, America thought he was deep in some abstruse problem in metaphysics or mining machinery; in the meanwhile the furtive and disturbed glances she bestowed upon him were interpreted into pity and ridicule by Max, and sb these two really sympathetic and congenial natures misjudged each other. Nevertheless, each dreamed of the other all night a natural sequence to their discomfort in each other's society. To Max it took the shape of nightmare. He dreamed that he was stretched upon the rack for refusing to disclose a state secret, and that the beautiful America, attired in a decollete costume of alternate stripes of red, white,,and blue bunting, presided at the instrument of torture. He awoke to find that his leg was becoming the theatre of some positive suffering. It was sore to the touch just below the knee, and the red spot which had formed there was increasing in size. In spite of every effort to the contrary he was compelled to relinquish his desire to walk over the estate after breakfast, and to accept the ignominious alternative of a drive in America's pony-phaeton. He felt bigger than the pony and heavier than the phaeton, and what witn a vague uneasiness about his leg, and the presence of the lady executioner in his dream, he was in no humour to enjoy the drive. He was Telieved, however, to find that America did not begin to chatter, and that she wore a quiet sensible sort of suit buttoned up to the throat, with hat of some neutral color to match. Her hair was brushed back and caught in a simple knot in her neck, so that, as she drove, Max could readily admire the exquisite proportions of her head. The morning was fine and breezy; the pony, seemingly undisturbed by his extra load trotted cheeringly along, shaking his shaggy mane, and making a merry rattle .with his hoofs on the excellently conditioned road. The village was left speedily behind and they soon entered a woodland path where in the nude branches of the trees premature and amatory songsters were already prospecting for nests. The moss about the old gnarled roots looked fresh and green and in a sheltered nook Max pointed out to America the first violets of the season. She threw bun the reins, and, as she came back to Max and gave the frail blosdomsto his keeping, he began to tbaw with the rest of nature, and to talk in a way that was new to America, but delightful. At first she thought he was trying to suit himself to subjects that she could understand, his discourse was so simple and natural; but she soon gave up conjecturing, and yielding herself to the enjoyment of the hour, became as natural and as simple as himself. In this way they grewto"understand each other before ^nany miles had been trotted over, and Max now fully at his ease and with a strange sense of happiness hitherto unknown to him, even went so far as to tell her of his dream of the night before. "I assure you, Miss Barnes," he said, " you really did give an extra screw to the torture with your own hands. * I can feel it in this miserable joint of mine yet." . She looked upon Max with an expression of such sweet compassion that he hastened to add; " I'm glad of the extra wrench that disabled me, for, otherwise I should have been trudging over bald and boggy fields with your father and Tom, instead of exploring tliis exquisite bit of woodland with you." " It is strange, but I also dreamed of you," said America, gravely. " Oh, did you, indeed ? Well, be as frank as I was, and tell me of your dream." " It was too ridiculous," said America ; and Max saw the color creep into her clear pale cheek. To his confusion, lie felt his own beginning to tingle. " Could it have been more ridiculous than mine ? " he said gently. " In another way," she replied. " I dreamed that yourescued me from something horrible." Here she blushed deeper, and paused. " A dragon?" said Max, with ill-concealed curiosity. And she replied that it was not a dragon; and by that time they were trotting up the avenue of poplars, and soon Max saw her disappear up the broad staircase. Tom was coming down. Max saw that he was pale and disturbed. " I must have a talk with you," said Tom : "let's take a turn about tbe grounds." Then,-noticing that Max limped painfully, " The devil!" he exclaimed ; " that's an-- other confounded nuisance that must be seen to at once." Then he took Max's arm, and helped him up the stairs to the guest-chamber he had slept in the night before. Tom shut and barred the door, and coming close to his friend, who had thrown himself with an air of exhaustion into an arm-chair, he said, in a tone of suppressed wrath and disappointment: " There's no hope here, Max—nothing but a hodge- podge of ruin and desolation. My father is next door to a begger." Max bore this news with resignation. He had been thinking while limping up the stairs that all that spoiled America was the natural meretricious consequence of being rich. I spoke to my father," continued Tom, '-'right after breakfast, determining to have the thing settled at once, and he confessed to me that it is merely hanging on by a thread so far as he is concerned—that everything is mortgaged to the hub, and the depreciation in real estate has made most af the mortgages fairly cover the property. It is only the peculiar a«td lucky relation that this little sharper of a Fry holds to the family that saves everything from going to the hammer. Fry holds all the mortgages, and is lenient about the interest, as well he may be. He's got some money himself, and has the handling. of a quantity more through a rich old grandmother out West. When he 'marries Merry, this whole property will come into his hands.? 9 " When -he what ? " said Max, suddenly leaping out of a sort of lethargy that had crept over him. "When he monies America, my sister,'" said Tom. " Fortunately for my father he has a daughter beautiful and wise enough to keep the wolf at bay. It's a lucky thing for Merry she's not the kind of girl to hobnob with poverty. She'll see to my father and Aunt Eni. As for me, the pick and pan of a miner— But what in thunder—hey ! Max, my boy 1" Max was shaking and chattering in a congestive chill; his face was livi-?; his nails purple. Tom got his friend to bed, and sent for a doctor at once. Max scrambled out of the chill into a fever. "Some trouble with the bone," said the doctor. " Brings about a nasty complication sometimes. Keep the patient quiet just now." Which was easier recommended than done. Max tossed and tumbled and talked wildly, and with an unnecessary form of patriotism, Tom thought, about America and the Goddess of Liberty. "I'll save her, Tom," whispered Max— " I'll save her if I die for it. I did once, you know." A " Save who, my poor Max ? " said Tom. " Why' the Goddess, you know—the Goddess of Liberty I She's turning the screws again in that accursed rack, but she don't know it. Who would have believed she could have been so simple and womanty and sweet ? —as fresh and pure, before Heaven, Tom, as the violets she held in her hand. I hated her by gas-light in her low dress, with all those gewgaws about her." Tom saw that his sister's face was red and pale by turns. " Perhaps you'd better go out of the room, Merry," he said." " God only knows what fancies beset his brain." Merry thought she knew; she fancied she could tell of a certain Venetian vase that held the very violets Max raved about. The violets in the Venetian vase were dead; others had taken their place; March ripened into April, and April was fast verging to May, and still poor Max was a prisoner in that fine luxurious upper chamber in the colonel's house at Barnesville. His leg had all this time been under treatment, and the doctor thought it possible by & series of probings and applications to effect a temporary cure. " The core of the disease will probably remain for a longer period," said the physician," but the physique of the patient will bring him round when he can get air and exercise." " Max's fine physique, however, began to be rather against him than in his favor. The doctor leaned to the opinion that he would prefer a more sanguine temperament. In the meanwhile the most of Miss America's time was spent in the vicinity of the sick-chambe.r. A wonderful aptitude as a nurse had developed itself in this versatile young woman, and she had even shown a rare ability in concocting broths and dainties to tempt a jaded appetite. As usual, she devoted herself to this new hobby with enthusiasm. " She gives her whole heart to everything she undertakes," said the colonel, apologetically, to a visitor who had called several times and found it impossible to see the daughter of the house; " but this mania will spend itself like all the rest, and then she won't want to hear of a sick person for a twelvemonth." Tbe colonel's auditor smi'ed complacently, and began to talk of other things. Although there was something amounting to a betrothal between himself and the lady in question, his mind also was preoccupied and absorbed. An unlooked-for complication had arisen in his own affairs. His grandmother had altered her will, and left more than two-thirds of her property in a way that might occasion Mr. Fry considerable trouble. He was compelled to go out and see the old lady, and had called to bid Merry a brief farewell. Under these circumstances the young woman consented to come down. She left the hot hand of Max and his eager, devouring eyes, for the cool, clammy palm and the foxy gaze of her promised husband. Merry found, as they stood together, that she really was a half head taller than Mr. Fry, as Max had once laughingly told her. She looked down upon the dapper little man with grave courtesy, and left her hand in his own, but he saw that her manner was constrained and her attention wandering. "I won't keep you from your studies, America," he said ; " I'm in somewhat of a hurry myself; I must catch the noon train." Then he went on to tell her that his interests with his grandmother were seriously threatened, and his presence was necessary out there for a short period; that he would write, and he hoped she would find time to reply. America promised she would write, and began for the first time since their engagement to find it absolutely repugnant to her to have his thin lip§ touch her own. He was ordinarily a cold, unimpassioned wooer, and was not a whit warmer now than usual; but custom required that he should kiss her good-bye. America yielded to the brief carcss, but it was only when he was well out on the portico, with his hat on, and barely time to catch the train, that her manner warmed to the occasion or the impatient crimson abated in her cheeks. On her way back to Max's chamber she stopped in her own, and laved her face, her lips,. and washed well her hands. She met the doctor in the corridor, and behind him was evidently another professional gentleman. They both walked gr&vely; and silently down the stairs to the lower hall, where the colonel was pacing to and fro, his hands beneath his coat tails. " Ahem ! "^coughed the colonel, sympathetically. " What is the ultimatum ? " " Just as I said,-" replied the family physician : an amputation is necessary to save the patient's life; but he objects—strenuously and violently refuses." Merry ran up the stairs without waiting to hear more, and found her brother Tom sitting by the bedside, his face buried in his hands. " Here is your sister, Toln," said Max, with a warning inflection in his voice, and holding out his hand to the young girl with his usual cheery smile. " You needn't try to conceal anything from me," she said. " I know all about it; lam studying medicine and surgery, and mean to be a physician. Now that the worst has come, we can meet it bravely. You'll get well and strong, and be yourself again, Max; and, after all, an old soldier surely don't mind the loss of a leg." Then Tom, seeing a look of distress in Max's face, told Merry for the first time of the rescue of the old woman. " If she had been young, or even pretty," groaned Tom; "but she was a veritable witch—there .was something uncanny in her whole appearance, and no doubt she held an infectious curse about her. Her old bones might better have been ground to powder than to have brought all this about, for she hadn't long to live in any case ; but Max was always reckless." " You'd have done the same thing," said Max, "if I had not anticipated you." "Iwish I had," cried Tom—"I wish to heaven it was I that had to qhoose between my leg and my life; the leg would go mighty quick 1" "Your leg is of less consequence to you, perhaps, and your life more," said Max. " The one would be useless to me without the other, and both are of little account. You know, Tom, that I haven't a relative or friend oat-. side of yourself." Here Tom saw that his sister had reached the door, and was beckoning him out of the room. "You.must get upon ahorse," she said, when» the door was cloned upon the sick- ohamber, " and go down to the city, and bring those doc-. tors hack with yoa before night. The operation most bejrafoxmed atonce; and tell them to get more doctors if necessary—to spare-no expense. I've—I've got money of mamma's you know, Tom," she stammered, - gently— " that dear mamma left me for my own." Tom nodded. That money of their dead mother's was bound to go in some way. " But Max has not consented," said Tom. . " It dosen't matter," said Merry; " It must be done. He'll know nothing about it till all is over. Do you go after the doctors, and I'll see to the rest." It seemed to Tom that the remaining hours of that day went by like a qtieer, awful dream. He remembered bringing the doctors stealthily in, and becoming conscious of a faint odor —sickening, sweet, overpowering—that filled the room immediately afterward, of holding his sister tight in his arms in the adjoining chamber while something terrible was going on inside there, and during an agonizing tension of his nerves, later on, hearing a terrible cry burst from the lips of poor Max. " Gracious God 1" he groaned, " whose work was this ? " "Mine!" said Merry. "Didyou think I would let you die ?" It would have taken a stronger man than Max to have turned away from that beautiful, earnest, pallid face now caressingly close to his own. Tom looked on in speechless and rapt dismay, remembering his father's perilous plight. Max remained dazed and bewildered, but after that first outcry made no complaint. The operation was eminently successful. The doctors rubbed their hands over it, and eulo gized the system, the patient, each other, everything and everybody concerned. A speedy convalescence and radical riddance of the whole disorder was prophesied. But days went by—weeks—a month and more and still Max lay under the silken canopy, his face as waxen and weak-veined as that of a sick infant, his eyes unnaturally bright and hollow, his hands feverish, and his whole aspect fit to strike terror to the hearts that remained steadfastly but despairingly fond. " Life is sweet, Tom," Max said one day. " I never thought it could hold so munh happiness ; but you see, I can't, I must net live—it would be too cowardly; there's no other way out of it but to die. Would you see your incomparable sister tied for life to a pauper and a cripple—the wife of a one-legged flag- man at a railway crossing, or accompanying his efforts with a hurdy-gurdy upon a tambourine? Then remember the desperate condition of your father. My good Tom, it is a hopeless case." It was a long speech for poor Max. Great beads started out on his forehead, and his voice had sunk to a whisper before be was half through with it. But it told the whole story. " We might take Merry's money into consideration," said Tom, then paused, remembering the insufficient quantity there was to take. Tom plunged his hands deeper into his hair, and wished there was a bank somewhere adjacent and he was an A 1 tip-top burglar with an elastic conscience. He felt positive that only a few thousand dollars would develop the mine to such an extent that another leg would be a superfluity to Max.' One magnificent morning in June, Nature was at her happiest, at her best. The long windows of Max's chamber were opened to the full; the branches of the sycamores tempered the rays of the sun and subdued the frolic of the breeze. A celestial silence reigned in the garden below, where the tulips blazed, the pinks exhaled spicy odors, stiff parterres of blossoms were made wanton by bees and butterflies, and pale phantoms of statues were robed and relieved by a prodigality of reflected color and shade ; the birds sang, the bees hummed, all in an under-tone of dreamy delight. But the pale lips of Max broke into an old rhyme that somewhat marred the voluptuous ease of the moment: Oh, to tliiuk my name is crossed From duty's muster-roll— That I may slumber through tbe clarion call, And live the joy of an embodied soul, Free as a liberated ghost! Oh, to feel a life of deed . Was emptied out to feed That fire of pain that burned so brief a wliile— That fire from which I come as the dead come Forth from the irreparable tomb J" Two human beings in the next room looked at each othei in speechless dismay. Tom shook his head, and let it fall, with a gesture of despair, upon his hand again; and Merry, to control her nerves picked up a paper that had lain upon the table since the previous day. A sealed letter, addressed by the same hand, had remained there even longer. They were both from the Western town where Mr. Fry was still sojourning. His grandmother had died in the interim, which palliative calamity threatened further complications and a longer delay. Merry opened the paper and read it with her eyes alone; the nerve that connected the organ of vision with her brain was dormant and paralyzed. The advertisements, being in largery print, she read first. Presently her eyes fell upon the following; "If tlie tall, brown-whiskered gentleman who, on the evening of the 18th of March, near the depot at -— : —, rescued an old lady from being run over, and immediately afterward, with his companion, took the train eastward, will communicate with H. K. Fry, so* licitor, he will hear of something greatly to his advantage." Merry read this over several times, sometimes repeating the words half aloud to geS. their meaning, her eyes gradually gaining intelligence and expression. Then she turned to the neglected letter and broke the seal. Her hands trembled, and her lips parted eagerly. She drifted over the letter till she reached the following passage: " Aud this, dear America, is the story the absurd old lady told: thai while crossing the street she stumbled, and a waggon rattling down the hill would have inevitably gone over her had it not been ior this tall deliverer, who seized her in his arms and carried her to the corner; that he was himself struck by the pole of the waggon, but appaxenlly unhurt, took the eastward train. And to this mythical knight," added Mr. Fry, "my grandmother W left one-halt her money and lier share in the mine. The mone^y alone will amount to sixty thotisand dollars. But I doubt if he can be found very soon, and in the mean while I am the executor and administrator o£ the estate." Merry's eyes had dilated to an enormoos extent; a crimson flame"burned in her cheek. The letter and newspaper she clutched in her hand, and striding over to Tom, touched him upon the shoulder. Tom looked up and was startled to find this magnificent face glaring down upon him. Merry thrust the paper into his hand, and poipted to the solicitor's ' advertisement. Tom read, and the paper began to rattle in his fingers. Then Merry, pushed the open letter upon the paper, and pointed to the interesting paragraph. Tom read, and his face grew pale as allies. He shortly arose to his feet, to the ends of his toes, and lifting the letter above his head, went pirouetting around the* room, singing in an effective undertone this touching refrain: " I got broke at playing poker, Three of a kind!" This powerful tonic had to be administered to Max in small doses; but we must refer the reader for the sequel to this story to an issue of the Barnesville Chronicle some months later on. It was a lengthy bit of eloquence, but the pith of it consisted in the informa- - tion that the bridal excursion of the happy pair—which was in rather a barren direction for a convalescent, however—included- a Bug- - geetive visit to a prosperous mine, and that the sole party who accompanied them was " our 'esteemed fellow-townsman Thpmas Jefferson Bames, EBq-. the brother of ? "•;;./-J**' ^ 