IThe rsBJijn n imcn ; PUBLISHED EVEBY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY. TUESDAY, .MAY ? 2ND, ..1883.: Is Phrenology a Fallacy'? 1IN these utilitarian days every con-. ceivablea thig that cin:, be turned to pecuniary profit is readily seized upon as a ieans ot livelihood,' and the num her and chairacter of vocations are really surprising. The most popular pursuits,; however, are those that can be followed without .removing the coat;or soiling the hadds, regardless of all other con siderations. Respectability majr: lift up its hands and exclaim " how vu~lgar;!" but this is a?sobjection beneath notice soilong as the busineiss pays. 'A sham T?Idiandrires throungl our streets, and announces himsef. as a'" Corn Doctor,": or a travelling quack" mounts his cart on frTea;it lallotaientQ and in the light of an- illu'minated grease- pot, descants on his noiistrums at whose application pain ind disease fly sffrighted', and the'hard earned money is wheedled out of the pockets of a too credulous public with' astonishinga rapidtty anrd ithe despoilers depart for fresh fields and pastures new laughing in their sleeves at the success of their deception. Now, the, profes sional phrenologist is regarded by many persons as a. charlatan, and those who patronize him as silly dupes, and really at first sight they' appear to have very good reasons for their condemnation. '~hPre is something almost ludicrous in the pretensions to tell a man's character and ,capabilities from the number and "size of the bumps ohi his head, and that it should be seriously maintained that the" rougher or:niore'mountainous the surfaceof ;the' cranium, the more clever' is` the i oprom; i proorietor of the upheaved :i sphere.: Bati strange thoubgh such pretensions ;may appear, no-one who. has 'given the subject any consideration can- justly deny that the bbass: of the phrenological theories are extgremhely plausible? and .it is no doiibt this, plausibility, combined with ;:'he attractivieness of; the,study,.: that.has gained.• for? phrenology so many be-. lievers, inotwithstainding- the objections of :doubters. To be told byr a gentlemanly attired ('. professor," with a.goubdaddress, that it is quite possible to ,asc-ertain one's: capabilities. to" the nicest degiee by a .scientific examina tion- of the surface. of the. head,' and that the utility of such information would be incalculable in deciding the important question as to : the 'most suitable occupation to follow, is very' fascinatin.g, and under such circum stances it is not at 'all' to 'be wondered at thit.. young .men 'and maidens, and doting parents, hIaviig the most exalied opinion of the capabilities of their ;offspring, are fouind" prodigal of their half guineas (the usual fee of the phrenologist), readily given in ex chiange for the coveted "chart." 'It is owing to the fact that the public have to pay the phrenologist for his informa tion, -that his pretensions ushould.- ibe well weighed, .in order to make. sure that proper value is received in exchange for the contributed cadb. If the phrenologist is able to do what he says he'can;and does' do it, theet the"'iifori mation he gives to his customers is dirt'cheap; but if, on the other hand, the whole thing is a fallacy, the public are simply being robbed. In another column of this issue we npublish an extremely interesting ad dress on Phrenology delivered by Dr. YouNo last week before the members of the Horsham Debating Society, and it is well deserving of dose attention by all who take an interest in the subject, The doctor considered the matter as an anatomist, and certainly advanced very powerful arguments against the claims of phrenology-in fact, he declared anatomy to be dead against phrenology. In handling the subject the doctor was very particular in separating phrenology from physiog nomy, contending that they were two distinct sciences, and then proceeded to consider the principles on which phrenology, i based.:. Regarding&the; statement ~ at the protubnrances or depressions~o the skill; carn be-nade out by the manpiilation of the, skilled phrenologist, he said that thereTwas very great .difficllty in makinang out projections or depressions on the bony skull,owing to the thicknessof the inter vening substances or strata, if we may use such a word in this connection, and he ha&Cknotin; fexperienced suirgeonis to hie in doubt as to whether there had :been'a- elevatioii o? diepression " n a particular:-skull owing to a cdange having "tken'place in one ar more of ,thescalp tissues =-Aifdor-the skull'-it differs in thickness in different indi viduals, and is, thicker in some parts h in' n otedtbrs. tIt is composed .of. three bony- layers; and no phrenoloi t could tell how- much ot the superficial protuberance. or depression is owing to 'nunual thickening or thinning of one or other' of these- layers. Another difficulty in the way of the phrenologist is th'' fact that the innei r surface of the skull does" ndotinvariably take the general outlini of the brain, and this we conceive, to be, a. yerypstrong point indeed, 'nd w'e were not surprised thlat the doctor''onisidered that it "puts phrenology in?to inextricable coifusion." -Tie phrenologist, too, he showed is unable to ginge the size of the brain, althbough great importance is attached to;its, gross size... In some cases; it appears,-the brain extends inwards and downwards 'into' "regions that the finger of the manipulator cihbot reach," and, with fine sarcasm, the doctor, went on 'to.say:that itwaias'str?rnge all. the elements of mind and character had been localised, just where the; fingey' of the phrenologist could reach or with some show of reasonableness pretend to reach. Truly nature hadl been kind to the phrenologist, ftad made^ thin's as easy for him as she could. He answered'the question; Is the brain subdivided into parts devoted: to the exercise . of amativeness, veneration, and so forth1l by' statin ? that'the brain, has been found to be subdivided into tracts, but these have funciions 'whichlare'almost entirely motor' for the surface of the hemisphere; and that there are no facts whatever to indicate .'that elements: of 'character are so localized. He illus trated this by hpointing out that; it som~times happens that an injury to it particular part of the brain causes loss 6of memory and forcetfulness of words, but ihle. part; injured, is not that fixed by plirenologists as the seat of either. language or mienory, and, moreover, a co~iparisoui' he informs: us, has been made between brains so injured in different individuals anid the~ particular part has been- found to be no more developed in the lodquaciodis sperson than ii"i Lietacitutn. In closing, the doctor said ? On every side therefore where we can apply accurate scientific tests to phrenology it is found wanting.: Eiery advance of our knowledge of the brain functions during the last -20. years 'has' iit another" na'il " the coffin of phrenology; but, indeed, already in scientific circles, this science has received decent burial, and though its ghost still haunts this- upper world the progress of knowledge,will doubtless lay this ghost, as it has laid many ethers, to disturb the world no more. Character and mind it is probable are associated with peculiarities of molecular 'constitutiond in the brain cells, and not with gross size of brain tracts. These molecular peculiarities are.inappreciable. not only-to the finger but to .the. most powserful mncroscope, and therefore for a man to put ,his hand en another's head for the purpose of reading his character, is as if he should lay his hands on the sides' of an' iroaclad, and therefrom attempt to describe the nature of the cargo."-. : . -:;.Whatever weight miay be :attached to Dr'Youing's arg?uiets, they are, to say the least, extremely interesting and instiuici've and are well worth reading. 