SUNDAY READING. Happiness: The Privilege and Duty of Christians. Br the Bev. 0. H. Spuboeos. (Continued from our Lcut.) Ilnppy art thou 0 Israel: who is like unto thee, O people Bared by the Iiord, the shield of-thy help, and who is tho sword of thy oxcollcncy I and thine eno. | xnies shall ho found liars unto thee; and thou Shalt tread upon their'high places.—Deuteronomy rxii.i. 20. MI brethren, I would urge you to rojoico this morning, because if you are indeed beliovera in Christ, you are ' a people eaved by tho Lord.' If you only read as far aB tho word ' saved' and there pause, what music there is in tho words—' a people snTed !' Not a people who may be saved, who are in process of being saved, but a poople saved ; for ho that believes in Jtsus is saved. Tho work is done. 'There is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus.' ' Unto us who ars Bsvcd,' says the apostle, not speaking of salvation as a future boon, but as a deed accomplished. It is ours at this very moo ent, for in Christ Jesus we are 'apeop'c savod.' Tho Israelites wore saved from Pharaoh's domination. With a high hand and an out stretched arm did Jehovah bring them forth, even as at this day you aud i are saved from tho reigning power of sin. We are no longer hold spell-bound by Satan so that we cannot bestir ourselves and seek after holiness. We are saved from the bondage of evil, even from the iron furnace of our ruling passions. Tho Israelites were saved also from the dest-oy ing angel. On that night when the avenger flew through the land and smote all tho first born of Egypt, the blood mark on tlio lintel saved the families of Israel, and even so aro wo saved by tho precious blood of Christ, No nngol of vengeance can smite tho man who is sheltered beneath the atoning blood; be •hall feast securely when Egypt sends up her mighty cry. The chosen tribes were saved when Pharaoh pursued them and liis hosts overtook thcra at the sea, even at the Bed Sea. T ljen came the fiery cloudy pillar between Israel and Egypt, brightno-s to Israel but darkness to their foes. They could not come near them all that night, and in the morning Israel was safe, for the Lord's redeemed marched on foot through the Red Pea, and saw their enemies no more; they were drowned in the midst of the sea, for G)d had saved his people. Even so lias ho saved us from being overtaken and overthrown by temptation, he has rescued us from tho renewed attacks of the old, corrupt nature combined with the cunning of Satan,— lie has saved us up to this hour from besetting sin and ita fierce pursuit. When the people canto into the wilderness they were liko to have perished of thirst, but he saved them by bid ding tho crystal stream leap from tlio rock. They were ready to die of hunger, but he saTed them, for the manna fell from heaven round about their camp. They wero attacked by Anuilck when they were weary, but ho saved them, for Joshua's sword and Moses' out stretched hands brought victory for them till their foes were utterly defeated. Israel knew what with all spiritual blessings in Christ Jesus, fed with the bread of heaven, and made to drink of water from the Bock of Ages; and as for our adversaries, they have not been able to barm us, for tlio lord has saved us unto this day. : Mark tho emphasis which Moses puts bore, ' A. people saved by the Lord.' You and I know, that if wo are saved at all it is by the Lord. .We cannot talk of merit; we abhor tho very word. Nor dare wo attribute our salva tion to our own frco will: free grace must wear the crown.it ever we aro saved. Bethink you, brethren, what a blessing it is to have a salva tion: which-is altogether tlivino. If you had saved yourself, that poor work of yours would, like ait menV'work, one day pass away; but salvation is of tlio Lord, and therefore it will stand for ever. .It is God that appointed and arranged it, oven tho Father who is Qod of our election; it is Jesus who wrought it out, even tho Son who is the God of our redemption; and it is the Holy Spirit who applies it, even tho Holy Ghost, who'is the God of our re generation and our sanctification. The Triune God ltas wrought .all our works in us and ior us, olorv bo to his name. 'Who is like unto ♦ uJ? rtVhuml* oiMil'Kr III* Lord ! *' thco, 0*people saved by tho Lord!' Anothor.sourcoof joy for tho Israelite indeed isfound in tlio grand truth that tho Lord's be loved ore also shielded by God—'who is the shield of tliy help.' God's pcoplo are a warring people, and jet a happy pcoplo, for 'though dangers surround them omnipotence preserves them. No sooner are we saved than wo have to contend with foes. Now, these foos are very opt at wnrfare, and roady to smite us oven to the death; lionco the necessity for this blessed word, 'The shield of thy help.' The sword si,nil he lifted ngninst tlieo, but God himself will inteipsse between:thee and that sword. Tho arrows shall fly winged with malicious design, but Qod shall hold liis sacred segis o'er thee and protect thee from even the thought of ill. He j i» 'the shield of thy help.' Think of this and rejoice. . Many ovils would injure tou, and even destroy you if they could, but Jehovah j Jesus interposes between you and them. " Many timea since days of youth. May Israel truly swy, Foca'dcvold of love and truth Atllict mo day l«y day; Tot t hoy never can prevail, God defends his people still; Ji'sn*' jxnvorcan never fail To save from all that's ill." Besides defensive armour we need offensive weapons, and wo ought to be happy, in the next ; place, because wo are divinely armed;—' Who is the sword of Ihy excellency.' This wondrous ; word of God, when blessed by tho Holy Spirit, is our sword with which to fight the battles of life. Does sin inrade us ? The precept smites it, and the story of Calvary slays it. Does tho flesh rebel ? The word of God smites the flesh 1 and helps us to mortify,it. Docs Satan come ' againstus ? With ' it is written' we meet him as our Master met him in the wilderness of old. r There is no weapon like the word of God. , This is the true Jerusalem blade that will cut . through bono and marrow, which was never , known to bend or break yet in the hour of con* " diet. Take thee good heed that thou have it by , thee, gird it on thy thigh, and wield it well, for. victory ever goeth with it. . . The fourth thin" which is mentioned as a great privilege is that we have security of vie- , tory: 'Thine enemies shall bo found liars unto thee.' Now I ask any Christian man of ex- ,*, perienco hero whether he lias not found this true ? W hat a shameless liar the devil is! What a many times he has been found a liar to • us. 'Ah,'saith he,'in this trouble the hand . of the Lord has gone out against you; he has forsaken you, and he will be gracious no. more. He has deserted you as he did Saul the king, . and henceforth dark and brooding thoughts '■ will overshadow you which no musician's hand shall be able to charm away. The Lord will . no more answer you from his holy oracle, for behold he has cast you away." But, brethren, . we are not deserted after all, for here we are this morning to sing of divine loving kindness, and to tell of all our past troubles as trials and . proofs of eternal faithfulness. Weerenotin the . ssylum, nor the prison, though the arch-enemy lias threatened us with the one or the other. , God has enabled us to triumph over all diffi cultics, though the enemy has predicted our utter defeat. The devil came to us onco, and . he ssid, ' Now you will assuredly fall; already . your heart is beginning to go back to sin; you - are not faithful, you havo been treacherous in . your inmost thoughts, and you will apostatize', altogether, and bring gre>t disgrace upon your " profession. You are a fool to ever hare joined • the churi h: there is no stability about you. You arc a mere flash in the pan. You blazed like a firebrand, bat you will die out into black . ashes.' But, beloved, we havo not died out yet, blessed be Jehovah's name Year after year has ' passed and the faint are still pursuing, the . feeble still hold on their way, utter weakness still triumphs over great temptations. Satan has been a liar to us, and so has the wicked un belief of ours, which is raihor worso than the devil, for at any rate it' has less excuse for its existence. Unbelief has whispered a thousand accu-sed falsehoods in our oars: this labour was to be too difficult, that trial was to consume us, that adversary would swallow us up quick, i Nothing of the Mnd has happened, but so our enemies said, and they have all been liars. What fools we were to have believed them, and .. what greater fools we shall be if in dayB to . come we shall lend an ear to them. Let us not listen to anything whioh opposes itself to tho sure truth of God. He cannot forsake us. . Learo his chosen to perish ? Cast away the people whom he did foreknow? Benounce the . purchase of liis blood, tho darlings of his heart ? ^ Impossible 1 He may sooner ccaso to bo than cease to be the Father of l is own-begotten; he . may sooner quench the sun and moon, and bid the whole universs pass away as the sere leaves fall from the forest trees, than he can ever soy . uoto his children, ' I have loved you, but not , now j I havo chosen you, but have cast you away,- I have brought you thus far to put you i to shame.' ; . r II. Secondly and briefly, let us consider the result of realising our blessed estate.. Upon" this subject there ought to be no need to dilate, for each heir of heaven should live in tho hourly enjoyment of his divine inheritance, but alas, , fow arc doing so. Surely spiritual blessings are the only ones which men decline to enjoy. Bring a thirsty man near to a brimming cup and sec how long he will linger. Sec how ho' hastens to enjoy the draught. Bring a poor man near an estate "and (oil him that he has but to sue the court to gain it, and to-morrow morning he will be asking where he has to go. Aliu, Christian peiple seem to bo stupid about their privileges j they are not so wise as tho ass which knowetli its master's crib. I hcv havo great blessings, but they do not always enjoy them; tho good which the Lord provides is set ieforo tliem, but they do not grasp it as they should. May the Holy Spirit teach us wisdom.' Now, there are mauy reasons why you should enjoy your privileges and be happy, aiitl the . first is because it tends to keep our allegiance to God unshaken. Israel wou'd never seek after another god while she know' that none could bless lier as Jeliovah had done. 1 hose who were happy with Jehovah would not be likely to wandor'off to Baal: God's people will not go astray from him when their hearts aio thoroughly happy with him. It is because j on loose tlio sweet flavour of the waters of the llowing fountain that you dabble in those uiuddv, stagnant gatherings ivliicli linger in tho broken cisterns. If thou wouldst delight thy self in tho Lord all the world eouldjiot tempt tlieo from him. A man will never be dazzled with gold who has his heart satiated with God. Unhappy Christians, when tempted, arc very apt to seek pleasure away from the Lord, but those who rejoice in llio Lord always shall find the joy of the Lord to be their strength; for it shall bo cords of lovo and bauds of a man to bold them fast to their King. AVlien your joy begins to slacken say to yourself, 'There it something wrong here; 1 must gat back to where I was in my earlier days; 1 must return to my God and to tho sunlight, for now that I am in the cold shade my love may soon cool.' Beloved, if you will be lmppv it will creato warm enthusiasm and a grateful love within vour botom. Have you begun to be iukewarmf Has your heart declined in affection? Nothing cau mako your soul return to its first love like tire Lord's return and the restoration of the old happiness. Yes, I am saved; yes, I am shielded; yes, I bear his sword with which to smite my. foes; yes, I shall triumph through the blood of the Lamb, and there is a' portion for me at his .right hand. Well, then, the next. thought is, therefore blessed be, his , dear o love him. ' I thought I did riot; but name, I do love L- . „ .... when I begin to roe what hehas done' for "rue,' and what he has giren trie arid provided forme,' I find my sluggish heart beating' at' a jjuickcr rate. That is a good resu't to' come of being' happy; 'Therefore comfort ye, comfort ye'mj people, saith the' Lord; speak ye comfortably unto' Jerusalem.'' ?oyalso will have another.effect: it will give' you'confidencc to expect other blessings.' Be' cause Qod has doalt so well with'us in the past,' we aro persuaded that goodness und'mercy ivill follow us all our days; If now to-day, beloved, you will survoy the goodness of God to; you in the past, yon will feel confidence that trhen new troubles arise you will be helprd in them, and when new mercies are wanted they" shall: be supplied you, 'new every morning.' Gratitude" forthe past inspires ns with courage for the' future. , : : ■ •"-* ' And so too you will gain strength for bear ing a'l yourbnrdens'and courage for facing all your enemies. Has the lord done so much to make us happy ? Then he will not deny us anything. He who lias given vis so much al ready will be snre to sustain us and 'supply our needs out of his all-suri!cicncv'imtil we . have trampled down erery foe and shall rest for ever at his right hand. ^ lastly, for Christians to be happy is one' of the sanest ways to set them 'seeking the salva tidn'of others". If we fonnd rchgion'to'be a bondage and a deception we should be inhuman', if we' wished to introduceothers to it " Hewbo' enleri'upon a tyrant's service, with little food and no'pay" and much misery, ought not to1 stand at the door and invite others to come in he-should rather .warn them' to ]'scek some happier service. Ifoiv, we'have found religion' to' be'true happiness. I am surel speak the sentiments of all here who know; the Lord whea l say that if we have-not been perfectly hajrpy it has not been. the fault of God's grace, hut entirely our own; for had we' lived up to our calling and our privileges we should have been as happy as the birds 'of the air, and our lives would have been one' perpetual; song. Despite our short-comings, blessed ,be God, we'have been supremely happy. " If we' could begin life again we would only ask to begin ■ it with Jesus, by the power of his Spirit' • If we had'onr choice of all the various' positions' and conditions of.enr fellow-men we do not know one that we prefer to our own, to long" as we ■ can say, 'Christ is mine.' ' . ; . Because we have found this honey we desire our friends and kinsfolk to partake of it. ' Oh, my hearers," I would jou were all happy; I: would you were every one of. you'supremely' happy, and especially some of you into whose faces I have looked these many years, arid see' that you are not clear of yonr anxieties yet, riot' sure about your 60uls vet, but yon still hesitate and linger in the border-land. O come ye and rest where God has provided rest for sinner's souls. Beloved, trust in Jesus Christ this morning; make no more delay. . May his divine Spirit enable you so to do; then shall \- your peace be like a river, and vou shall con fess that we did not deceive yon. Vou will cry, 'The half has not been told me,' when you perceive the deep peace, the holy calm, the blessed resifulnete, and sometimes the ecstatic; overflowing delight'which is the portion of the cMld of God. If I had to die like a dog,' and there were no heresfter, I would still choose to be.a Christian, for of all lives that can be lived there is none that can c-mpare with this.. We drink the wine on the lees well refined, and "are satisfied with narrow' and with fatness; but as' for worldlings, they do but' champ the husks that swine do eat, with which their bellies can not be filled. The Lord grant his picoplo' grace to be happy in him, and may he also bring in the wanicrers, for Jesus'sake; " ' . . ' [The Bsd.] . ' , 