LAUNl1ldSTO¶ONe EXAMINER. PUBLISHED DAILY. TUE~SDA Y, MAY 15, 1883. THE great International Fisheries Ex hibition at South Kensington, London, I for which such extensive preparations have been made during the past year, was opened on Saturday by H. R. H. the Prince of Wales, on behalf of her Majesty the Queen, whose state of health 1 has doubtless prevented her from carrying out her expressed intention to perform the inaugural ceremony. The. intention of this special Exhibition is to illustrate all the modes by which the marine and fresh water animals of economic value are captured and utilised, together with the -commercial, scientific, social,' historic, and legislative aspects of such fisheries, but some of the great continental nations- have taken but little trouble to make a display. The interest, however, shown in Great Britain and by her colonies and foreign powers generally has been such as to gather such a represents tion of the fishing industries as the world has never before ieon. The buildings, which are erected in the Royal Society's gardens, were completed in Miarch last, and one novel feature in the Exhibition will be a fish market, where supplies of ordinary fish and specimens of the rarer kinds will be sent daily for sale; a dining-room, where a fish dinner will be prepared each day ; and a lectuire theatre, where lectures and practical demonstrations : will be daily given by members of the National School of Cookery upon the " harvest of the sea." In the southern transept, slates an exchange, will be nets, fishing gear, boat models, and all that appertains to the sea-fisheries of Great Britain, while such things as are employed in fresh-water fishingarein a parallel transept tq, the north. Between those have been erected many buildings, some connected with them, in which space is apportioned to different States, others detached, which are appropriated to particular classes of exhibits. Parallel to the southern transept are the departments for machinery in motion and for life-boats and life-saving, apparatus. On either side, that is, to east and west, are annexes, in which are exhibits from China, Japan, the Straits Settlements, and the Australian colonies on thei one. hand, and from the West Indies, Hawaiian Islands, Portugal, France, Austria, Poland, Germany, Italy, and Greece on the other. Russia has a separate building, and a corresponding one has been put up for Spain, the Spanish Government having shown their interest in the Exhibition by sending a man.of-war along the coast of Spain 'to csllect exhibits. Canada, the United States, and New foundland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Holland, and Belgium all send contribu tions. The permanent arcades and quadrants of the 1862 Exhibition have been turned to account, and to the west will'be the aquaria, for the illustration of fish culture, and with specimens of fish attacked by parasites. The fountain basins and cages placed in the northern part of the grounds will be used for the exhibition of birds and beasts that prey upon the finny tribe. Stuffed fish caught by members of angling clubs will be shown 'in the west quadrant, and addi tional value will be given to tho.natural history department by the exhibition in a building near the new Natural History Museum of the fine collection of fish pro.e served in spirit brought from Bloomsbury. As our readers are aware, Tasmania will bear her part in this world's exposition, the Fisheries Commission having prepared not only a descriptive catalogue of Tas. manian fishes, but a collection of stuffed and preserved- specimens, and photographs of other species, and samples of the nets, lines, and.fishing gear generally used in our waters. It is to. be hoped that this Exhibition may be the means of definitely settling the vexed question whether the salmon has really been ao climatised in the Derwent, or whether the so-called salmon is a hybrid. With such a collection of exports as will be gathered together on this occasion, the question, will surely be settled finally. We may also hope that some practical result will ensue from the reports and suggestions arising out of this Ex hibition for the improvement and development of the fieshing . industry of thlis colony. With a very wide range of good edible fishes, molluscs, and drus taceans, very little indeed is done to foster and develop our natural resources, and if an iinprovement in the methods of fishery atdpted, the gear used,an awaken ing to the value of our own productions, thie folly of say importing oysters when we can raise a better article locally; and'to the benefits that might be secured by introducing, and acolimatising many valuable species of fishes at present unknown on our shores and in our tidal rivers-if, we say, soime such results as these, follow the knowledge gained and diffused froin the Exhibition now .open in London, we shall have good cause for congratula tion at having taken a part, even though a small one, in this international under taking. . THec meeting held at the Tcwn Hall last evening to consider the advisableness of holding an Exhibition in Launcgston was very fairly attoeded, and an amounst of interest was manifested in thie project in view that augured well for the probable success of the undertaking. We fear, however, that in their enthusiasm the meeting may have rather overshot the mark, and perhaps hastily decided upon going in for an International Exhibition \- without fully counting the expense, ,time, and labour such an undertaking involves. The general idea prior to the meeting seemed to be that what should be aimed at was an Industrial Exhibition wide enough in its scope to admit of exhibits not only from all the colonies but from the mother and foreign coun tries, if they could be obtained, and there is no doubt such an undertaking could have been successfully carried out. The Comnmittee would have had the benefit of the experience, and we trust the co- operation of those who recently initiated and carried through a somewhat similar undertaking at the capital, and would Ihave been enabled to carry out such an Exhibiton upon a far wider basis, and probably with far more suc- cessful results than the Hobart Exhibi- tion. Such an undertaking would how- ever, have afforded ample scope for their energies, and would have been found in practice to require a large amount of time and downright hard work on the part of f those who undertook to pilot it through. i It is, however, open to question whether I we are yet ripe for an International i Exhibition, or whether for some ( time to come this colony had not better be content with merely taking a part in the Inter national Exhibitions established by larger colbnies, in comparison with whose efforts our utmost attempt It display must seem somewhat meagre. It is also an open question whether such a serious under taking as an International ExhibitionI ouglit not to be undertaken by a Royal Commission, rather than a committee, even. though the latter may be a thordoighly representative one, and wyhether when the time comes for Tas mania to follow the example of all the other colonies the honour of holding that Internationtial Exhibition might not fairly be claimed by the capital. It must also be remembered that such an under taking could not be opened for at least twelve monts,; and that in 1880 South Australia will hold her jubilee Inter. national ,Exhibition, though perhaps thin, is rather a point in our favour. We have no wish to damp the ardour of those who have taken up the subject, and shall be heartily glad if the very strong committee appointed last evening can see their way clear and obtain the co-operation of the Government to undertake an Inter national Exhibition, but in these affairs the motto should be " Success or 1 Nothing," for it is better not to attempt I anything than produce a failure. If, therefore, the Committee find there are 'diffic'ulies in the way of an internationa. I affair they would do well to retire updi. the first idea of an Tntercolonial Indus trial Exhibition upon a liberal basis, and devote their energies to making that a thorough success, as nothing will more effectually pave the way for an Inter. national Exhibition at some future date. THE hon. Hugh Culling Eardley Childers's first budget for the financial year, ending March 31st, was of a very satisfactory character, as the cable in formed us some time ago. By the way, Australians ought to take special interest in the right hon. gentle man, as they are well aware he commenced his political life in Vic toria. He was a Commissioner of Trade and Customs in the first Victorian Ministry under constitutional govern ment, and since he resigned in February, 1857, to accept the 'position of Agent General, he has been drawing a salary of £866 13s 4d a year from that colony. Mr. COhilders is the second Chancellor of the Exchequer who commenced his politi cal coreer in Victoria, for Viscount Sher brooke, better known to us as Robert Lowe, occupied a similar position in a previous Gladstone Administration. The budget speech was delivered on April 5. We had some particulars by cable, but the Californian mail brings us further news. The total revenue for the year was £89,004,000. This exceeds the esti mates by £4,004,000. The expenses of the war in Egypt, including the amount contributed to defray the cost of the Indian contingent, were £3,896,000. There fell to the present administration of the Government an inheritance of £7,850,000; war charges which have been paid out of the taxes of £10,700,000 for war charges. He had no arrears what ever to report on account of war expendi. ture as incurred by the present Govern ment. For the coming year he estimated the expenditure would be £98,578,900. The national debt was reduced i during the past year by about £7,100,000, and the Chancellor expects to be able to make a further reduction for this year of about £8,000,000. He proposed that the tax on railway earnings, where fares are very small in amount, be abolished ; that a provision be made looking towards a reduction in rate for telegrams sent any where in the Islands to Gd each ; and that three-ihalfpence of the income tax be re moved. This last measure would, accord ing to the Chancellor's estimate, reduce the revenue of Government by £2,135,000. The first report of the new Chancellor was received, as it deserved to be, with much favour.: LocAL O'rrox.--Thle Sub-Committee of the Temperance Conference, appointed to deal with the preparation of a petition in favour of Local Option, met last night at Mr. Shearn's office. The petition was laid before the sheeting and adopted, and it was decided to begin obtaining signa tures to it at once. The three electoral districts' of the town were divided into thirteen sub-districts, which will be can vassed for ,signatures for a petition to each House of Parliament. There are three columns for signatures-namely, electors, female, and non-electors, and it is desired to give every person above the age of 21 years an opportunity of ex pressing an opinion for or against the question. The signatures for each oleo toral district will be kept separate, so that each member can see the feeling of his constituents upon the question of Local Option. Copies of the petition will also be forwarded to all the country electorates in Northern Tasmania, which are placed by tihe Conference under the management of the Sub-Committee. A BEACONSFIELD LOAFER.-Our Bea- consfield correspondent states that Mrs. H. A. Sands, of the Club Hotel, was startled on entering her bed-room on Friday evening last by discovering a man named Thomas Griffiths comfortably ensconced in bed, having evidently sneaked into the room intent on plunder. Mr. Sands keeps his money in that room, but fortunately for him in an iron safe. The intruder was arrested by Sub- Inspector Hayes, assisted by several volunteers, and while being taken to the watch-house the man behaved in a very violent manner, assaulting the Sub- Inspector and kicking off part of his own clothes. At the Police Court on Saturday Griflith, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for being on the premises for an unlawful purpose, and to three months' imprisonment for the assault on the police. SEVERE PISTOL ACCIDENT.--A Longford correspondent informs us that a son of Mr. Eli Bricknell, employed at Mundon, while practising witlh an old pistol, in anticipation of her Majesty's birthday, shattered his hand fearfully with a charge of shot. He is under the care of Dr. Mason, who hopes to save the hand. NEW TOWN FARM.-The following is the last annual report of the New Town Farm, near Hobart, which is worked in connection with the Invalid Depot, and the produce supplied to the Government institutions :-The gross receipts for the year amounted to £820 18s 5d. The ex pendituce for that period was £5609 17s 3d, leaving a balance in favour of the farm of £251 Os 8d. The farm consists of 100 acres of land, 45 of which are permanent pasture and bush land, the remaining portion having been cropped in the usual way. Tihe live stock on hand on the 31st December consisted of four horses, one bull, twenty-four cows, one calf, one baoar seven sows, and forty young pigs. The operations of the farm were carried on as heretofore with a staffof two hired mIn, and twelve invalids, hll 'of whom have given every satisfaction. The usual supply of milk to the various, establish montse was sustained, the quantity drawn at the General Hospital being consider ably below tliat of last year. Religious - Divine service will be held at Springfield on Trinity Sunday, at 11 a.m., and at 3 p.m. at Ellesmere. Special offertories will be made at each place for the organ fund of St. Paul's, Springfield. r EPPINa RELIEF FUND.--ThIe Com \- mittee meet at the Town Hall at 3 p.m. to \- day. Mri. W. H. Gibson elsewhere acknowledges the receipt of £123 5s Od towards the fund. ROYAL SOCIETY or TAsMANIA.-Tho report of the Royal Society of Tasmania for the past year shows that the Society is in a fairly flourishing condition, and lhas a small balance to the good. The I income from all sources'was as follows :- < Government grant in aid to Museum, £200; ditto to gardens, £600; annual subscriptions, etc., £192 10s; special donation from his Excellency Sir G. C. I Strahan, the President, £5; from Marine , Board, £20 ; sale of plants, etc., at gar- 4 dens, £93 8s 10d; giving a total of £1125 19o 4d. The expenditure amounted to £1098 13s 3d; thus leaving a balance to credit in the Commercial Bank of £27 Os r ld. The outstanding liabilities are esti mated at £20. The approximate number of visitors to the gardens during the year was.59,792,being 7878 more than in 1881. The number of visitors to the Museum during the year was - On Sundays, 10,776; on week days, 10,873; total, 21,G49-being an increase of 6080 on that for 1881. CONFIRarATION AT CAMPBELL TOWs\\. We learn from a correspondent that the Bishop of Hobart administered confirma tion on Sunday last, the Feast of Pento. cost, in St. Michael's Church, Campbell Town, to 19 boys and 23 girls. Mass was chanted by the Rev. T. Kelsh, the church and sanctuary being decorated with flowers, and an inscription, " Come Holy Ghost, Creator, come," running across the screen. After mass the Bishop addressed the candidates, fully joxplaining to them the meaning of the ceremonies about to be performed. The " imposition of hands" followed, and the candidates girls in white dresses and veils wearing medals affixed to scarlet ribbons, and boys with crosses of the same material approached two and two to receive the anointing with chrism on their foreheads. They were again addressed by the Bishop, who expressed at the same time his extreme pleasure at the intelligent replies 1 of the children. He exhorted parents to support the Catholic school of their parish, where religious and secular instruc tion were not divorced, but went hand in hand. The renewal of the baptismal vows followed, and in the evening after vespers and sermon by Father Kelsh, the Bishop gave pontifical benediction of the blessed sacrament; the altar being brilliantly lighted, and tastefully, decorated with flowers. LAUNCESTON STOCK EXCHANGE.-The adjourned half-yearly meeting of the members of this Exchange will be held this morning when the further considera tion of a portion of the revised regula tions will take place. THE LATE Mr. E. COSTLEY. - Our intercolonial news a short time since announced a splendid bequest to the charities of Auckland, and we now give some particulars of the donor, taken from the Auckland Weekly Nesws :-We record the decease of a very old settler, Mr. Edward Costley, at the ripe old age of 89. Mr. Costley arrived here, via the Bay of Islands, from Sydney, about 1838. He left Ireland (of which country he was a native) about 50 years ago, and on his way to the Australian colonies called at the Cape of Good Hope and Tasmania. In talking of the early days of Old Auckland, he was wont to say he remembered the first burial in the Symonds-street Come tery. A few tents sprinkled about the beach of Town (or Commercial) Bay con stituted the city of Auckland. He in vested the money he brought with him judiciously, in allotments in various parts of the city, and with the growth of settle ment and population these have become enormously valuable. Mr. Costley was a man of most peculiar habits, and most eccentric in some of his ways-a curious compound of penuriousness and liberality. His word was his bond. He retained his faculties to a wonderful degree, being able to read the papers without spectacles. He had been a temperate man, and death was simply the result of old age. The whole estate is valued at £135,000, the 'legacy duty on which will be over £10,000. The legacies are inconsider 'able, with the exception of that' to Mrs. Mackie, which is £3000 or £4000, and who has attended to him for the past 17 'years.. Seven charities will have over £14,000 a piece, and this is likely to be increased if a. rebate of the legacy duty is obtained from the Government. TIMBER RESERVES.-A correspondent desires to know what timber reserves have been proclaimed by the Govern- ment. We have repeatedly stated that the only use made of the power conferred in the Waste Lands Act of 1881 to pro- claim timber reserves has been for the West Coast, where no less than 8350 acres have been reserved, as follows :—North Heemskirk, two reserves of 1000 and one of 350 acres ; Mount Heemskirk, 2500 acres ; and South Heemskirk, 3500 acres. No other mining district is apparently deemed important enough to have any provision made for timber reserves. A telegram received last night, however, states that the District Surveyors have been instructed to inquire into the wants of other mining contres. CORRECTION.- A correspondent desires to correct an error that appeared ina communication in our issue of 8th inst., with reference to the death of one child and the illness of another belonging to Mr. H. Johnson, of Sassafras, from eating toadstools in mistake for mushrooms. He states this was a' mistake, as neither the death of first nor the illness of the second child (which under medical treatment has re covered) was due to the cause alleged. THE BALLAAT-TAsOMANIAN RIFLE MATeC.--The Ballarat correspondent of the Argus, writing (on May 11, says : Some time back a teamn of Tasmanlan riflemen met the local representatives here in a match, and the former were de feated. It was arranged that a return match should take place, and the team to represent the Ballarat Rangers has been in constant pracoice for some time. Owing to some difficulties which have arisen, Major Sleep, the officer in com mand, and one of the representatives, issued an order that the match would be postponed. This gave great umbrage to the other members, who last night met and protested against the order. This morning they waited upon Major Sleep, and as the order was not withdrawn six members handed in their resignations. The reasons given for abandoning the match are that thie weather at the present time is against successful rifle shooting, and that it would be inconvenient for the men and officers to be absent on the 24th May, when the Volunteers are to be re viewed. The men state that they had made all arrangements for the match, and that there is no necessity for post poning it. The dissatisfied members intend calling a meeting to-morrow night to form a rifle corps' apart from the Volunteers. A MAN SAWN IN HALF.-A Napier (N. Z.) telegram dated April20th sysa:- A man named Smith, working at Wild. ing's steam sawmill at Waipukurau, was cut in half yesterday by falling from a log on to a tvwin circular saw. He was killed instantly. At the inquest on the body of Jolhn Smith, who lost his life at the sawmill at Waipukurau yesterday, the evidence showed that deceased, who was working nearer the saw than necessary, was at one end of the log, and his brother (E. Smith) at the other. Deceased was not seen by either of the three witnesses to fall, but they suddenly heard a loud call or scream, followed by an unusual sound from the saw. They then saw deceased lying motionless on the bench, withll the saw buried in his body. The engine was stopped almost at the same tium as the cry was heard; but when those near deceased ran up to the bench he was foullnd to be quite dead and his body cut in two. The saw had entered decoseed's body at the right side of his neck. severing thIe arm at tihe right shoulder and cutting through the chest in an oblique direction and coming almost I out at the right hlip. All thei witnesses I agreed that death must have beeoon instan taneous. CIIALMER1 COHURCH BAND OF HOPE.- r The second anniversary of the above Band - of Hope was celebrated on Friday even ing by a tea meeting bounteously supplied by a few lady friends, when over 100 sat down to tea; after which Mr. John Sin clair gave a very enjoyable entertainment with a magic lantern. Mr. Storror (president) thanked the ladies for their kindness in providing the tea for the children, and Mr. Sinclair for his pleasing entertainment. The meeting was then t closed by a benediction. THE WESTBURY GOAT.--The life and adventures of a goat of the male species seem to have created a great deal of in- terest and much difference of opinion at Westbury of late, and a correspondent has devoted a considerable amount of time and ink to a history of the affairs and his opinions upon the police and other parties who are or ought to have been deeply concerned in the closing scenes of the aforesaid goat's existence. Passing by the earlier periods of the goat's life, and the t sketch of its character based upon a phrenological examination of its bumps, we may just refer to his last hours, though whether this is the last that will be heard of him is another matter. It appears that after invading the doctor's drawing-room the goat was placed in the pound, but subsequently either got over or through the fence into the Superinten- dent's paddock, and escaped through his yard into the street. Here, however, says our correspondent, he evidently "fell t among thieves,". who cruelly ill-treated him and left him to die in a ditch. At length a traveller came along, but like the man of old times, looked upon the victim and passed by; another came, examined his wounds, and also took his departure, but at last the Good Samaritan came. He did not, however, put the sufferer on his own beast and take him to an inn, but cut his throat, placed him in a wheel barrow, and conveyed him to the lock-up. An abortive effort appears to have been made to punish the perpetrators of this act of cruelty, and our correspondent sueggests that the skin of the deceased goat be utilised in making testimonials for those at whose door the blame should be laid. New SoUTH WALES MIUSEUt. - The report of the trustees of the Australian Museum, New South Wales, for the year 1882 is to hand.. It shows that the num bar of visitor, had increased by 18,446 for that year, over the previous year, the attendance being 81,696 in week days, as against 73,995 in 1881,and 52,505 on Sun days, as against 41,660 in 1881; the in crease on week days being upwards of 14 per cent., and on Sundays upwards of 26 per cent. The annual report of the Technological, Industrial, and Sanitary Museum, which is published as a supple ment to the above. states that the damage sustained to the Museum by the burning' of the Garden Palace amounted to £10,914 19s 9d, and that the loss of some of the collections, more especially the ethnological, is irreparable. RAILWAY SYNDICATES IN AMEuRIa. Some idea may be formed of the enor mous interest represented by the various railroads in the United States from .the following table of the mileage of the prin cipal "systems":-Pennsylvania railroad,. 6438 miles; Missouri Pacific, 5772; Chicago, Milwaukee, and St. Paul, 4500 Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy, 4068 Union Pacific, 3873 ; Chicago and North Western, 3500 ; Wabash, 3425; Grand Trunk, 3300 ; Central Pacific, 3100. The Pennsylvania road represents nearly 500,000,000 dollars-one-third of the United States national debt-in its stocks and bonds. Each of these roads is governed by an autocrat, or a very small oligarchy ; and vast as they are already, the process of consolidation is constantly progressing further. The rapid com pletion of the half-a-dozen roads from the Atlantic to the Pacific is due to the deter mination on the part of particular cliques to obtain all possible outlets for their roads without depending in any way upon actual or possible rivals. CRUSHED BY A LIFT.-An inquest was hold at the Melbourne Hospital on Tues- day, says a Melbourne contemporary, on the body of John Reid, aged 43 years, a labourer, a resident of Carlton, who died in the institution on the 5th. It appears that while the deceased was at work at McCracken's brewery on the 4th of August last he got his back crushed by a hy- draulic lift. He was taken to the Hos- pital at once in a delirious condition, and remained an in-patient until the time of his death. At the time of the accident the deceased was bulking hops from the ground to the top floor by means .of a lift.. Instead of going up in the lift, he went up ont the top, and on reaching the upper storey, neglected to stop the lift, and was crushed against the roof. Dr. Harbison, one of the resident staff, stated the cause of death was fracture of the spine. The jury returned a verdict to that effect. IRISH EMIGRATION.-'News by the Cali- fornian mail states :-Systematic depopu lation of parts of the West of Ireland was begun' by the Government on the 3Lst March, and will be continued for three months ensuing. The Allan line of steamships contracted for tile work, and the first vessel, the Historian, received her proportion of emigrants at the date named in Black Sod Bay. They brought off from the Bell Mullett in the boats of the man-of-war Seahorse, which had been detailed for duty. On the west coast the people are described as looking well, and being happy. The Government pays the expenses of embarkation and passage, and each emigrant gets assistance besides from thie late fund. They are to be landed at Boston, and the Historian will be followed on the 13th April by another steamerful from Newport. Those immi grants being desirable, there will probably be some competition among the American western land interests to secure them. DEATH OF JoHN BROWN.-As an- nounced by telegramn the favourite ser- vant of the Queen died at Windsor Castle on March 27th. A San Francisco tele- gram says hle was sent from Windsor to Lady Florence Dixie's to inquire into all the circumstances of the outrage said to have been committed upon her, and what with the inclemency of the weather and the mystification which her ladyship plunged him into, he took to his bed and died. The Queen is deeply afflicted over the loss of her servant, and the whole Press speaks of him with great respect, and almost at as great length as if he had been a Cabinet Minister. The public expression which her Majesty gave of her grief was somewhat extraordinary. He had served 34 years in the Royal household. Brown is said to have died worth a million. A PIGEON shooting match will take place at Latrobe on the 30th inest. Teen Juveanile Lodge, e.U., are requested to Ten. weekly practice in couneotiot with the Launceston MIusical Unionwilltake place this evenlcg. MIn. J. G. HEYr an'sTonic Seol.fa OChoral Class commences on Thursday evening nest, at the School of Arts, St. Johnestreet. COURVOISIEn's O** and * pale. and dark brandy, 1878 vintage, a thoroubghly pure spirit, guaranteed eqtual to Martell and Hennessy's Stocks always on hand nd arriving. Sold by all wine and spirit merchants. DALoern, MfooRE, AND Co.. ngenta.--(Advt.) THE true virtue of perfect purity is its rarity. In matorial, as in spiritual things, it is a re deeming quality. It inspires confidence, invites attentiou, and equally commands admiration. It is the quintessence of all the other attributes, and it is the distinguishing feature by which Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps lehas taken its place in public estimation, main tamned its hold upo, ptpulur patronsce, and wrested from all quarter of tile lb tte reputel which has long since settled unmie takahly upon it. CERTIFICATE OF GOVERNMSENT ANALYST, HonART.--Mr. D. Ii CONNotLY,--Slr,--I have very carefully examined the two samples of brandy received fromn you, and find them to be of excellent quality, and quite free from any deleterious substancesa, lthougbh of full strength, they are mollow to the taste, indicating matu. rity, andti may be confidently recommended.--I am, Sir, yours faithfully, W. F. WAnn, A.R.S..L, London. No. 1 brandy, 9 years old; No. 2, 6 years old. For sale in bulk and case, guaranteed in acoordance with above. (26 