FUNNIMENTS. THE PHANTOMS OF THE - SANCTUM. (From the Argonaut). '■ Midnight in the Banctnm of iho Argonaut. Silence how. silent, and darkness how .darkly dork. No sound was heard save the troubled cockroach chafing with the sun dried paste, , or the low sigh of the retiring mouse, bewailing the bitter falo that cast its lot in the floury paths of journalism,rather than in the luxuriant furrows of a church with a modern kitchen at tachment The sentinel stars set their watch in the sky, the only place in the universe where any time-keeper would be safe from the eaf'er hands of acquisitive men, and as they set it by gucfs it was an hour and ten minutes off time. * The skies they were ashen and sober/ which was an unusual circumstance, considering the time of night. The silken, sad, uncertainnut* ling of each paper curtain told how the last man who went to bed had been unable to ]cloee the window. Out of the voiceless gateways of the misty ! past, out of the silent ways that led from the sunlight of yesterday down into the darkened , labyrinths of week before last; out of the great wide seas where sail and drift the poor, wan ghosts of youth, the fair young dreams that 1 never grew to the blessed maturity of waking reality, the golden promises of morning that never reached the bright fruition of the after noon, into the sanctum where the weary editor slept with his genius-laden head upon the lap : of the table, with noiseless footsteps the wan, pale ghosts of buried Jokes. With fea i tores sad and reproac* ful they gathered about the table, poor, vexed ghosts that hated him that would upon the rack of this tough world stretch them out longer, 'because/ saddone, the ghostliest one in all the train, 'we are long enough now for a London Time* paragraph. They woke the slumbering humourist, .who shuddered as he gazed upon the grisly spectres bending their worn and weary countenances upon.him, and would have slept again had they not stayed him from his rest. '.Say on.' lie said, because he knew that was the proper thing to say to a ghost, and: in wardly. wondering where he bed socn these spooks before,. because of a verity their coun tenances wero wondrous familiar, and - dear they eeemod to him as were the ruddy drops that,visited his sad heart during business hours. The ghost of the Stovepipe rises between the desk and the warte-basket. Lot mo sit heavy on thy soot about flro minutes t I am the wandering ghost of the Stovepipe joke. Before the Rocky Mountains were kneo high, ~ ever vet the isles of Greece wero tented for lubricants, I have walked up and down the world. I am, and I havo boon, a bleating and a curse, The groans of strong men and tho breathed sighs Of patient women follow mo. and hollow laughter, "With its mocking tonos, walks by my dented sides. I hare been itonndcd oft to make me small, I bnvo been slmlied and priod to raako mo largo; Against mo has been raised iho tnnd of man, ^ • Aud my gaunt elbow has been raised Against tao world, and oft *goinst the ceiling.. - This does not soot me. No; My time is out of Joint, and I will spite The reckless man who tries to set it right. The weight of slow unfolding centuries Hath mo stove up, and I am coaled. . . . „ ; Yet ofton ns I seek my low, lone gravo . Deep iuthe mossy woodshed's dusty shade, : | Whore nightly with his song the lovo-lorn eat Doth fright the fearful halloa of thine car, 1 I am dragfod forth apaiu that men may mock I And with old white-haired jests make merry with my 1 ngo. • . K Tot in all tongues and climbs I am thosamo • Old Stovepipe joke, ever old and new, • • V 1 Deathless, - immutable, unremeabered,«and unfor* gottetu ii' Think how yon thought to stab mo in my prune oi \- youth ... >. ••• I "With thy fresh maiden joke. O man, j • I was four thousand years of old 1 j Era thou wert born. Despair, therefore, J-Of getting'off anything newrobonfcnie! -The ghost of tlie paragraph. Mole rises ba \- tween the dictionary stand—the reference . library, I am thy ever faithful Mule, and I Will never make tbeo laugh again. I am the friend of fnnny men; Feitbful and just to them, but now, Look at my paint-bruah tail, marred, as you see, *- By amateur papers. O jester, When the world was young, the glad earth laughed \- To hear my tuneful note. All high Olympus rang 1 With laughter of the gods, when Aristophanes Sang of the 6amo old Mule that you led out ■ last week in your first funny paragraph. .. Momus and 1 were friends, thou boy of ye iter day. '. Age does not mak* me old, and in my youth • I wis not fresh. Such bb creation's dawn beheld, • Ton see me now. Let me bang heavy on , Thy copy book. Despair, and let up on me! _; There are no new mule jokes excopt the old ones. A short, thin ghoBt rues from the floor, and v stands on its head in the middle of the room. I am the dreaded Carpet-tack—ha, ha! Blot my name from the printed world, and half the | Are ^blanks. I am thy friend, O funny man! \- I was thy father's friend, and the old friend Of his great grandsire's sire, when ho Should X peg out, long, long, I wees, ' Tour hungry eyes would feed on kaisomine \- Th»t donas the unpalatable ceiling, ere it found A Joke, right speedy, with good staying qualities To take the pole from me. w Ofttimes has man's unwary body been Br me punched full of hateful holes. Think on thy buried jokes, and me. Ah, when I point to heaven and bliss, I lead to woe, and misery, and wrath, i-The tack, when trod upon, will turn. . Let me sit heavy on thy pen to-morrow I Ghost of the Goat rises, sod browses upon '; the editorial manuscript, i ^Ah, me, I am thy slave—but never mind; . I could—hut then I will not. For I am Not dead, bat—For but I am a joke, 1 can not but appear—But, pshaw, I can ! v. Lean butt any peer or commons in the realm: It is my trade, and has been—lo, these many years. When in old Borne, 691 B.C., ' The Acta Diurna wis printed in red keel / On people's doors, Kuma Fompiiias laughed In hard old Latin no one could construe, .. w To read the goat joke in the funny column. • "* But now—Pardon, it is my motto, -Semper butt: to-morrow in my scribbling Think on me; fall on thy pointless pen, despair. And get thee to a tannery. Go it! The ghosts of the little Green Apple and * the Banana Peel rise and look tired. Least in this ghostly presence we appear. Humblest cf. Jokes disquieted; and yet pinfA Ere first bit and Adam fell ~ We have gone hand in hand, twin Jokes; The same old iokes; of doubling up AnS slipping down; of slipping down and • Doubling up. I We are the song and dance men of this ghostly I Great seas of ancient ink. Let i. * -Double lead within thy fanny bone, •t • a™* weigh thee down to sober book reviews And leading editorials. Despair, And tbinV cf ftomethin; solemn. "- Think of the business manager. The ghost of the Front Gate rises and lean* -1 "'."by one lunge on the edge of the table. •• Let me come rattling on thy shins to-morrow. -'.Would I could hide my bones, not rest them here, - Eat year by year, as funny men come c , To flesh their jokeless pencils in my unhinged ribs, \- Tmust stand up and say my little piece— ' The same old piece. The long years come and go •7 As do - the short ones, too, and yet, through sun and J " storm, 1 '; I sever change, but steadfast pace along r > Th* same old single-footed gait. , I sag, Z slam, I bang, I hong in crooked wise, „ -1 opei oft, and sometimes I shut up, *'But never does the mau who writes of me. " The ghost of the Custard Pie rises, and ait* I J in the easy chair, waiting for a visitor to come along. . Joker, I am an ancient ghost: murk me, \- As in my time I have marked many men! ' Doomed for all time am I to go to picnics, ,-v There to sit in the grass and on the stamps, TJntil the young man comes along, arrayed In pantaloons of palest lavender. \- But that I am forbid • .-/ <• To tell the. secrets of the picnic, * -1 could a coat-tail unfold, yea, hundreds of 'em, ' Would make yon tired, and make you want * •' To trade your Sunday suit For one large pair of overalls, and solitude; .. . Make you back clearacroas the lawn And lean against a largo and lonelr tree, lake frets upon the plnefol porkukill, * t- And this eternal blaiin' at me And at my picnics is a large port Of your stock in trade.* , - . The ghosts of the Cross Father, the Young I * Man, the Icecream Saloon, the Brindle dog, and. the Spring Poem rise, and try to look , happy, but weep. To-morrow think on us, unhappy ghosts, disqa eted, Oh, in thy jesting thick on all of us, < \- And blush to see thy fan's antiquity. i 3 Dream on, dream on, of jokes as old as sin; ., There is no joko half new except the dnde. And there were dudes way back in '49, The year the world was made. The ghost of the Mother-in-law rises, tar \- rible as on army with banners, with a broom I \-- in one h&nd;, a flat-iron in the other, blood in | • - her eye. and malarie in her voice. , -Jester, thy Mother-in-law, thy wretched Mother-in law, That never had a quiet hoar with thee; Who loaned thee money on thy wedding day. And never saw a cent of it again; ..r'She of thestridect voice andhcaty hand, " With whom you board from Jane till June a pun, And never mi»s a meal or pay a cent, Now fills thy sleep with perturbations; Because, in all thy jokes upon my name, Thou never said'st one joke that men called new. Bnt always aged men, with snowy brows, u Have told thee where and when thy new joke hap- I pened. When thev were merry boys. Ob, when yoo think of me, remember this, And seek the circus to find something gnu. . The ghosts sigh wearily, and vanish, ringing ' softly, ' We're & band of brothers/ The fanny | man starts from his sleep. Give me a pair of scissors! Hand me the dictionary Bread—bred; that's good. No, I've used that before, j O solemn humor, how dost thou afflict me! 1 My joxes look blue. This ©no about the encumber Is too much like the one about the apple. What fearfal pans I made upon the fair Fair, fare;' fair maids' ana * hardly fair f two Idnd* 1 offair. 1 What can I write ? A joke ? I will, about a man Beating a carpet. No, a woman throwing a stone. No, no; about a man falling down stairs By stepping on a plug of laundry soap; \- Alas! I hate the dismal funny business. My memory hath a thousand nevoral Jokes, And every joke hath been told several times, all the boys condemn me for my jokes •r 'A* being, at least, acscissoxy to their theft. Methought the ghosts of all the various jokes That I bad ever heard, or read, or mode, flaw** to my dsak, and every one did show A genealogical record running back, ' Without & break, four hundred thousand years, , And overy one among them woro the accursed brand Of the Blue-pencil dude. 