»«d THE IRISH PEASANTRY. By Justin McCarthy, Esq., M.P. (Longman s Magazine.') [continued.] Where whole families are thus compelled to herd together perpetually in one or at most in two rooms, it might be expected that immorality of the grossest kind would be the result. I know that this is the result in other countries, and especially in great cities where a mass of the poorest among the population have to crowd together without regard to sex in squalid lodging-houses. But I say, without fear of contradiction, that no such evil effect on anything like a consider able scale is to be observed in Ireland. Through all these most trying conditions which I have described the sons and daughters of the Irish peasant grow up as a rule pure and moral. Where evil influences do contaminate them, these influences are ex ternal and not domestic. This wretched den which I have described, where so often the whole family have to sleep in one room, does still seem to have for that family the purify ing influence of a home. I shall not stop to explain, according to my own theory, why this is so, but I say, without the slightest dread of ray proposition being disputed, that it is so, and that the conclusion one might come to from observing similar conditions in other countries and in other classes is not the con clusion which can be adopted with regard to the peasantry of Ireland. The Irish agricultural labourer is not, as I have pointed out, much of a whisky drinker, all things concerned, nor is much given to amusement. Amusements are very scanty and simple in the country places and the small towns of Ireland. The faction fight happily is a thing of the past; the game of “ hurling,” which used to be immensely popu lar in Ireland in my younger days, and which was a sort of rude or elementary cricket—a fine manly sport too, full of heroic and Homeric incident—does not seem to ine to be practised much in Ireland to-day. The peasant class have to look to the occasional races, the hunt meetings, and the coursings as their principal sources of amusement. In some of the more prosperous of the smaller towns, as well as in the cities, athletic sports have lately been got up habitually, and appear to be popular ; but I fancy they are shared in more, by the young men of the town than by the peasantry, and afford the latter little more than the chance of looking on at something interesting now and again. Tn some of the smaller towns also, as well as in the greater, free libraries and reading rooms are opened, and are kept up by local subscription. In some places at least they are attended by many men who belong strictly to tlm labouring class ; hut, of course, there are miles and miles of country over which the. labourer has to toil, and where there is no town, no village, no (duster of houses even ; and there are likewise many ratlu.r considerable villages which seem to be provided with no manner of amusement or pastime whatever. Some of these villages would, it appears to me, have no chance of amusement all through the year if an oc casional tiddler, or, still more rarely, an oc casional bagpiper, did not happen to wander that way. Of course it: is not always an evidence of poverty when we find a village without any visible means of amusing itself. T dare say some of my readers may have spent days, as t have done, in substantial in land hamlets of some of the more thriving American States, where one was forced to conclude that the majority of the inhabi tants must have gone to bod immediately after business hours in the week days and after divine service on Sunday from the sheer absence of any existing sources of amusement. But the Irish peasant is, or used to be, a very different sort of being from the native American inhabitant of a New England or Pennsylvanian village. Even still the Irish labourer in America brightens the severe and sombre business-life of the towns, just as the Herman does, with his feasts and his processions and his sports. But I think lie is growing a less joyous person at home than he used to be. In some parts of the country indeed the Irish labourer has not a much better chance of being^ gre garious in his amusements than Robinson Crusoe. As to the labourer who does not live or lodge in or near a town, I can only say that I know of hardly any man on the face of the earth who has fewer enjoyments. He works from dawn to dusk when the working season is on ; and he hangs about his hovel aimlessly in his time of idleness. At fair, or market, or race-day, perhaps, be meets a few friends and has a talk with them and a glass or two of porter, which, as a cheap and com fortable drink, is very popular in Ireland. He goes to Mass regularly every Sunday, whatever the distance he has to walk to reach the church, and he follows the worship faith fully and reverently. He is in general strangely contented with, or resigned to, his lot. I often think there was much truth in Lady Morgan’s dogma—and Lady Morgan had some sound common sense with her flippancy—that the Irish peasantry would never be better off until they had made up their minds that they could not eat potatoes without bacon. I have heard stories of the resignation and the pious contentment of some of these poor people, which would to most persons appear mavellous, and yet which are strictly true. A friend, who is the adviser, the protector, and sometimes the rough admonisher, of all the poor people of his district, who scolds them with as much energy as he pleads for them, has often told me that even he, familiar as he is with all their ways, was many t-imes surprised to find such hard toil and cruel penury borne with such entire resignation. “Ah. sure, sir, what would I complain for ?” some old man or woman would say whose whole life to the ordinary observer would seem to have been one of mere misery ; “ hasn’t the Lord been good to me always?” I am not saying that every poor Irish peasant is like this. I do not pretend to believe that there are not discon tent and repining and unjust complaint and passion and evil to be found among the Irish peasantry ; but I do say that I have not seen or heard of any class of persons among whom, taken as a whole, there is the same amount of patient and unrepining resigna tion to what they regard as the will of heaven. I speak now of Irish men and women in Ireland. I should not like to say quite as much of Irish men and women in England or in America. Among the energetic sur roundings of his existence in these countries the emigrated Irish labourer learns easily enough to grumble like his neighbours. The Irishman shows his finest qualities of courage and energy and perseverance in other countries; but his amiability, his gentleness, his simple natural piety, come out best, I think, in his own land. The Irish peasant is an intelligent man. Of late years lie has become a general poli tician and an eager reader of the news papers. When I speak of him as a reader of the newspapers, I fear I may be convoy ing a wrong idea, or indulging in too wide a generalisation, for it is unfortunately true that in many cases even now the Irish labourer cannot read. But he is a student of the newspaper all the same, for in the evenings, or at least in some evenings of every week, when the papers come down from Dublin, there is a gathering at the house of some one who has a rather better room than his neighbours, and the political contents of a newspaper are read aloud and made the subject of keen and earnest comment. Many a labourer will go on to a second house the same night to hear the contents of the same paper read out again. Downright barbarian ignorance there never was among even the poorest of the Irish labouring class. The too true stories which used to be told some years ago by the late Mr. Clay, chaplain of the Preston goal, and by many other men, touching the brutal ig norance of masses of the English rural and mining population, never could have been told of Ireland. We used to hear then of menjwho never knew what the word “ (fod” meant, and only used it as an expletive of emphatic adjuration ; had never heard of London, and did not know that England was an island. Not merely was there no such class of men in Ireland ; there was no such man. Even among the scattered and remote popu lations of the west, even in those wild regions of Connemara and Mayo, where few speak anything but Irish, I am told that the labourers still contrive to get the contents of a news paper interpreted to them, and are never en tirely ignorant of what is going on in the world around them. Strange and vague indeed that world must seem to some of those lonely men drudging on the mountain-side in Connemara or in Donegal. I have in my mind many pictures of cabins high up on some stony ascent, miles and miles away from all resort of men, where the labourer, in the seasons when he is not working for a regular employer, passes his days in trying to extract a few vegetables for his family out of a little bit of ground which seems to the curious stranger about as capable of bearing fruit as some of the petrified gorges of the hills around Jerusalem. In that hovel the labourer’s family drag through their lives and die, the one great interruption to the cruel monotony of their existence being the tramp to the chapel on Sunday. Never in any country have I been impressed with so grim and absolute a sense of loneli ness as by the sight of some of those western and north-western cabins, squatted rather than perched—the word “ perched” carries with it a wholly unsuitable sug gestion of airiness and lightness—on the bleak surface of a marsh or the slope of a stony upland. The man, I have often thought, who can, under such conditions, keep up any feeling of interest in the world outside him, the world which he never secs, never is to see, has an active intelligence which is worthy of a better place in life. Such a man is common in Ireland ; a man who does somehow contrive; to keep up a cer tain understanding of the outer active world, and is not wholly ignorant. It pleases him to learn what people are doing in far-away places which he can never see. He has his opinions about Mr. Gladstone, and about the French, and about the Germans. America is naturally a very living reality to him, for has he not friends and relatives scattered all over the States? is not his first cousin Jerry out somewhere in Nevada ? and may not his second cousin Molly Carew be even at that very moment enlivening the corridors of the Fifth Avenue Hotel in New York with the energetic rustle of her broom, accompanied by her rendering of “ The Wearing of the Green.” ? At one time the Irish labourer had, and to a certain extent he still has, companionship close and constant which belongs to a world more distant and dim than that new world which lies beyond the Atlantic. The Irish peasant used to be a firm believer in the ghosts and fairies and phantom horses and “ fetches,” or “ doppleganger ” and banshees. Every valley, every wood, every lane, was peopled for him of evenings and nights by this awe-inspiring and yet not wholly-ob jectionable company, He spoke of the fairies as the “ good people,” employing that graceful turn of spirit in exactly the same spirit as the Hellene who endeavoured to propitiate the Furies by calling them the Eumenides. Good right the Irish peasant had to endeavour to soothe and please the fairies ; for was it not in their power to blight all his efforts at raising a crop, to spoil his potatoes, to throw his children into fits, to mystify him as he trudged home at night, and cause him to lose his way among the most familiar mountain paths? I have found that of late years the belief in ghosts and fairies, in “ leprechauns” and “cluricauns” has been fa/ling amongst the Irish peasantry. It still exists to a degree which would probably much surprise an ordinary Englishman ; but it is not the lively unquestioning faith of my earliest years in Ireland. Even the banshee is beginning to fade from popular memory. Whom indeed has the banshee now to cry for? The heads of all the old houses of the famous septs are gone, and what Irish peasant could believe in the possibility of a banshee condescending to trouble herself about the death of some modern head of a household who may indeed own Irish land, but who bears an English or a Scottish name ? It is not perhaps so much that the peasantry has lost faith in the banshee as that the occupa tion of the banshee is gone. Thomas Moore makes her wail over an Englishman, but then the Englishman was Fox, who was in his time the idol of the Irish people, and, more over, Moore had lived long in England, and his song had lost much of its local colour. I confess that I am not glad—at least not altogether glad—to find that the Irish peasant is losing his faith in the world of ghosts and fairies. In the hard prosaic rigour of his life and labour he seems to me to have been the better for some such picturesque, poetic, even if awful, companionship. [to be continued.] 