"HAS ANY ONE SEEN DOBBS ?" Ss?H was the cry resounding through the town on Thursdnay evening, the same now being passed on amongst the youngsters as a by-word, in the same way as, some years ago, the query of "Who's seen Simpson1" was. It appears that the. origin of the inquiry for Dobbs on Thursday evening sprang from a telegraim re ceived that afternoon by a publican in town frd?i' an "aructioneer 'in Queanbeynn, asking him to' let him know whether hlie hadlied seen :anythiing of a Mr. William Dobbs, of the Mongarlowe River, for whom he was announced to sell a large nmob of cattle that day, the said auctioneer having seen nothing of his unknown vendor or his cattle, naturally becoming soniewhat dubious of the existence of either. The publican to whom the iuonmtetous question was submitted could give no infornia tion on the point, but lie fulfilled his 'onerous task with unexampled assiduity, and mnade it his business to go through the town and bail everybody up, telegram in hand, with the query if they knew anything of such an individual, or had seen anything of any cattle travelling to Queanbeyan. No one knew of such a name as Dobbs in the district. They had heard of Dodds, and Hobbs, and Lobbs, and ?Mobbs, and Cobbs, and so on, but none of this par ticular name, aiid then some of a more indus trious turn of mind; desirous of doing all they could to solve the mystery, began asking what he was like, and what lie was, and how long he had been in this., district. The honest publi can, however, seemed to resent this cross questioning in reply,.and gruffly made off with the observation " I know nothing more of him than his name is Dobbs, and so that'll do now." The end of it was that he gave tile job up, but not before every one had become sick and tired of hearing the name of Dobbs,-Braidwood Dispiatch, Saturday, July 21. HAS ANY ONE SEEN DOBBS ?. OR, THE'LAST LAY OF A COLLAPSED CONJURER. DEDICATED, BY KIND PERMISSION, TO THE LEOION OF .LUCKLESS' KIjIOHTS. YE favourites of Fortune; who, SUnworthy' though ye be, Rank 'mnonst the Dame's -well-fatten'd few, Pray listen unto meins: To me, on whom your goddess frowns, Nor heeds my heart's fierce throbs, While loud mrn y lamsientation sounds What has become of Doses? At reins, at awl, at pen ; But I at rone of those could stand to Most wre tchled I of esn ! tu r iied I then in auction-room The salN of bogus jobs, But failed to raise- alas, moy doom 1 The"spectre of BILL DoNJs. Though Witch of Endor seek did Saul A gost to conjurh ye bep, And ghost did Witch and'Kiig appal-' With anguish fill their cup: Yet 1, a lI lighit of Rueful Face- Knight of the Wielded Irarobs- Did fail to raise, to my disgrace, Ghost of bucolic Dones. ` Call spirit've from the vasty deep, - I reck'd I surely could; oBu It wret e down and weep In miserable' mood; For, though I call, they come not thence, To fill iry empty fobs. Al, he IaeI ust bgus lacking sense S Has apctry onef BIseen Donas. H For neither Donse, nor hoof of kino, Turn Witp or late or soon: I farnight of therefre, fried of ine, ThAy're tip in a balloon. SDi'd better far go, I de isgratd e, .To Guise's Flat or Lc Dobb's Hole-peradventure I cll, tI may cohere, nc, To fily grat joy, find Does. SAnd shoe ul I fail, I'll e'en do tise : aI'l hire asewaggoett,n Dns A Tid d'ive to lHaes-'t ain't aisoo s There Idvn lid fittd y'etre ' To waggonotte I'll haritess fast 'A pair of phantom cobs; For ghosts of cobs'must find at last Ghost of the missing DOBds. Ye fifteens virgins* chaste, relent Relent, ye virgins, who To Goulburn and to Sydney went: I wrote what wasn't true." Ohl, from my down-erush'd soul remove Your wrath, and spare my sobs; .. And I'll recant-Iwill, by Jove I So- help-me,- Ghost-of--DOBB/ I Toll nme, ye nynlphs of Queanbeyan Tell me'; inearnest sooth How to become a noew-made' mail, In word, in deed, in truth ; For I have lost all self-control; All hope I've lost. It robs Me of iny very peace of soul ', ,To knew I'm sold through Doris. Alas! I find all will not do;.. My last new game is sprung; And bitterly my fate I rue, As I have said or sung: So let me sit me down in grief . ' Here by my fireside hobs, Perclhance:to seek some small relief, Ansrdbanishl thoughts of Dones. Yet, even here, tihe ghost I'd lay 3Mocks lme, in horrid form, And at 'my hearth, by night and day, I crouch in dread alarm, Lest my temerity should bring ' Cornett, the chief of bobs, As thIe last, fatal answering To-Tell me, where is Dones ? * See Tuesdly's Tmus, for the foullest slander ever pub Ilehed even in thSit paiper agahist the ver5r eouirrrnity who, to their olly, contribut to its rsuplrt. 1M. Horace Poussard and Miss Alice Sydney Burrett, musicians of repute in Paris, contem plate visiting Australia. Sandhurst mininrg manalgers have formed a mutual protection society. Some idea of how skilled workmen are. paid can be gathered from the fact that Price and SCo'snew cutter gets £500 a year. It must pay to make trousers. of Music, Hay, on Tuesday evening, at the close of the Happy Hours' entertainment. Mr. Hart (says a local journal), as Paddy Malone, was about to desert. his wife and go to the wars, and Mrs. Hart of course feigned great grief. A ~oodwife in the audience was moved to indignation at Paddy's desertion, and, ris ing up, called out, shaking her hand at him, in broad Doric : " Ye're a muckle brute, that's what ye are." It was not until Mr. Kerbyand a policeman remonstrated that the good woman consented to sit down. Thus Dalley of the Illawarrans:-" He was astonished to hear them talk of their grievances and their wants. They had no grievance ex cept, perhaps, too great an abundance of the good things of life, by which they comforted, and they could have no want but that of suf ficiently healthy appetite." New Zealand sheep who discuss poisoned cats do not die straight off. The jaws swell and their teeth decay. On Sunday week at Nimitybello, two boys, sons of Mr. John Smith jun., were playing with some wood, when a log fell on the back of one of the boys, killing him instantaneously. Deceased was only one year and six months old. The sad occurrence was purely accideon tal. A tea-meeting, attended byabout 250 Chinese connected with the mission in Sydney, was held in St. Andrew's school-room on Monday evening the 10th instant. The proceedings were of an interesting character. Ten ounces of rough gold to the dish at Hill End. But how many dishes ? Age Morrison's first New Guinea experience was the sight of the natives attending divine service at Port Moresby on Monday in full dress, which consisted of an apron made of leaves and grass. The will of Dr Pusey was proved April 17, and his personal estate was of the value of £10,000 at least. His will provides that his books on the Theology of Germany, and his notes on the English translation of thie He brew Scriptures, shall not be republished owing to changes in his opinion respecting both. 