" RELIGIOUS ROWDYISM." ( I o Uik Editor of the. Advertiser,) Sir,—In your Saturday a issue under the above heading you quote ail articlc from " The Christian World" of the 30th August. In reading the next number of the same paper I find the editor pub lishes a short letter of pungent denunciation, and a lengthy epistolary protect against the said article. A conviction that tho editor of tho 1}kn 11 k;0 Aovkrtiskk gives not place to "Tho Christian World" for impartiality, prompts these lines. Alike with tho writer in the " World" (as you, Mr. Editor, know), I am utterly opposed to many of the means used by, and eccentricities connected with the Salvation Army. Neverthe less, I should bo a self-branded traitor to (Jod, Christ, and truth, and a very ingrato before Heaven and earth did I allow to pass ill silence, and without the sternest protest language could supply, such an unchristian criticism, whichallowu in the army none of character norauirht of good in spirit, and by implication designates its members a godless association of hypocrite, liars, vagabonds and criminals. An assemblage of what "Whitfield" called " the devil's outcasts." During a long Christian life, holy scripture has taueht me much of the inestimable worth of the deathless spirit of man, but it reserved for tho glories of Aus tralia's brightest starry nights to intensify such teaching along with tlio enquiry of " Know'st thou the importance of a soul immortal, Behold this midnight glory ; worlds on worlds I Amazing pom])! redouble this amaze; Ten thousand add; add twice ten thousand more; Then weigh tho whole: One soul outweighs thom all; And calls the astonishing magnificence Of unintelligent creation poor." As an old minister of Christ, -.whose life's strength has been exhausted by me»ns and aims akin ■. to those of my Christian brethren of' tho Salvation Army, I ask permission ns from the standing of personal knowledge and experience (a 30 years' residence in the colony, which includes 38 years' abode upon Bendigo), and after close and intelligent observation con cerning and gathering up of tho attested results of the labors of the Salvation Army, to express as my honest belief that they have during their short ministry in the colony in general, and in Sand hurst in particular, been honored of God in Christ by tho Holy Ghost, through tho gospel, in the salvation of mora sotils from amongst tho degraded classes of thecolony than all theothei churches put together. This being my conviction, may I not claim to be allowed to close my letter with the apostolic oxhortation of—" Therefore, my beloved brethren, bo ye steadfast, immovable, always abounding in tho work of the Lord, for as much as ye know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord." Sir, anticipatory of your kindly insertion of these Jincs. I auUscnbo myself ad yours muoh HENRY ROBINSON. 5th November. 