ART STUDENTS CONVER- SAZIONE. About 100 art students of the University met at Gunsler's Cafe, last night, and partici- pated in a very enjoyable social evening. Professor Elkington was voted to the chair, and there were also present—Professors Kernot, Andrew, and Strong. At an early stage of the programme, Professor STRONG, whose rising was greeted with prolonged applause, delivered the following address:—Ladies and Gentle- men,—I think it is of good omen for the future of our University that our students should meet together on occa- sions like this, in order to consult how the feeling of esprit de corps, which is the very essence of academic life, may best be engendered and maintained. I know that I am giving utterance to the feelings of my colleagues in saying this, and putting in words a heartfelt feeling of my own. I can quite understand the obstacles which, in a young university like this, render the growth of such a feeling very gradual and slow. You meet together during your lecture- hours; you have plenty of work to do when those hours draw to an end; you have little inter- course with each other; and the dreaded day of examination comes as regularly and yet as unexpectedly as the water-rate collector, and "horæ momento cita mors venit aut Victoria laeta." In cases of sudden death—such as the poet describes—inflicted by the well- armed examiners, sometimes you dis- appear as completely as those luminaries which astronomers sometimes notice blazing up and then giving place to the weird ob- scurity of space. Others, more lasting luminants, nothing daunted, appear redivivi the next year, and are able to enjoy the luxury—crambe repetita—of the last year's jokes as made to the class by your teacher. Many of you pass through the narrow gate, some at full gallop, hands down, others not without a press and a struggle. But to what- ever class you may belong, you doubtless, all feel that it is a calamity that your con- nexion with the University should prac- tically cease on the day when you have taken your degree, or have made up your mind that it is not worth the trouble. It is a calamity alike to yourselves and to the University. To the University, because it is practically yourselves who form, or who will form, the University; to yourselves because there is no influence so strong or so salutary as that of a strong corporate body, whose members are in sympathy with each other, over each one of those members. It is good for men to wish to arrive at a goal; it is good that they should feel that is is easier and more pleasant for them to make for that goal in common; and it is very good and very salutary that they should learn to arrive at any goal man must give and take, and that they should learn by experience and reflection how much they can give and take without derogating from their dignity or their con- science. Now the questions arises, what is this goal at which we wish to arrive as a university? The answer to this I con- ceive to be very simple. The paramount aim we must have is to make our intellectual eminence, when we have gained it, felt. It is your duty, each and all of you, to look forward to the time when you shall have the opportunity of serving your country and elevating society. It is not the duty of the university, as I con- ceive it, to espouse the cause of any party, sect, or creed. But it is its duty to exert itself to the utmost that those alumni who leave the fostering care of "Alma Mater" should go forth fully equipped with an armoury of the best and noblest ideas upon all subjects which in after life may be called upon to treat. It is the duty of the university, in fact, to endeavour to turn out young men who may be counted on, whatever cause they champion, whatever career they embrace, to bring to that cause and that career the highest and best ideas, so that none may be able to say that their cause or their career was lightly entered on or poorly main- tianed. Now, these ideas are come by in two different ways—first, by reading and reflection; and secondly, by discussion— by that attrition of mind with mind which knocks out the spark of intelligence which may tire a society or an empire. Now the university gives you abundant scope for exer- cising both of these prerogatives. You have good books at your disposal and plenty of teachers, who are all, as you know, most willing to aid you in your course of reading. But they cannot hatch out your ideas; that you must do for yourselves and among yourselves. And to whatever course of action these ideas may lead you, the university, it seems to me, should remain sublimely indifferent, so that they are dic- tated solely by moral and intellectual honesty. Like the father in Lessing's Nathan der Weise, he may have more than one opal to bestow, one for each party and each creed, and these opals may be undistinguishable in worth and in beauty. Practically, it is clear that in order to enable you to act in common you should have some kind of associations or societies which may enable you to act in common, by compelling you to meet together and discuss. Our University is haunted by the ghost of an athletic club, rather a costly ghost, I may remark, for those who were its executors; by the ghost of a debating club which lived just long enough to utter one wail and then perished forever; and by the ghost of a university club, which, like Marcellus, was shown to the earth and no more. With all these attempts the University did not seem to get "any forwarder," as the British farmer said on trying claret to his dinner. Now, if I might make a suggestion as to the form which any university association should take in future, it should be one which should com- bine the maximum of facilities for students meeting with the minimum of expense. I think that this object might be obtained by in the first place organising, say, a triennial reunion like the present, with the same un- pretenious tariff. Should these reunions prove a success, and survive the fatal disease which seems to nip University projects in the bud, I think that a large room might be rented in some central place, where students might meet the whole year round whenever they pleased. Possibly at some distant date, say, when false quantities are unknown, and Dr. Gile's precious works are obsolete, our association might develop into a club, where meals might be taken and journals perused. But in the meantime out motto should be, "Festina lente." Rome was not built in a day, nor was even Melbourne, nor was even our old hero "Mr. Darwin's young man." Mean- time I think there are certain defi- nite objects which we might aim at obtaining at once. It has often occurred to me that we might establish a society for studying the language of our aboriginies in which my friend Mr. Matthews is already an adept. We might possibly maintain a half- yearly journal contributed to solely by Uni- versity men. We might establish at a very slight cost a University gymnasium, so that those who are unable to partake of the rougher and more exhausting pastimes of football and boating might yet, while wooing Minerva, not wholly neglect the god of the graceful palætia. We might establish a volunteer corps; that at Oxford was in my time a great success. But I must again re- peat that for any of these things to be a per- manent success it is absolutely necessary that it should be originated by the students them- selves, and look to them wholly for its support. In the Scotch universities the dialectic clubs are among the most intellectual recreations of great and wealthy cities, and do much to create that atmosphere of sweetness and light which tall chimneys tend to befoul. But above all it seems to me to be the paramount duty of all the University to cultivate the habit of regarding speculative truths dispas- dionately and calmly, and of university men always to range themselves on the side of the unpopular man who has some- thing to say and nothing to gain by saying it. We sometimes hear it said that it is useless to expect specially academic learning to flourish in a new country. The best reply to this seems to be to point to America, which has just issued from her printing presses what are usually considered to be the best Latin dictionary and the best Greek grammar extant. In addition to this, she piques her- self on maintaining as professor one of the foremost philologists, especially strong in the ways of the Oriental languages. Again, the very expression "new country," as ap- plied to us, is, to a certain extent, misleading. Our civilisation is not new, but very old and very dignified; we speak the tongue that Shakespeare spoke, but, in a sunnier clime, and with more leisure at our command. We leapt, like Athene, in full panoply from the great brain of our parent, and why should we not vie in thought and in aspirations with the children of the mighty parent that gave us and our sister colonies at birth. Not that we should derive or accept all our civilisation from her, any more than we feel bound to accept all her naughty children. But just as we have received our mother tongue, and are gradually developing from it a new dialect, similar, indeed to the dialects of the old country, but still differing from them all, so may we rationally expect in arts and architecture and literature to march on lines similar to, but not identical with, the tradi- tional lines which out forefathers walked. Our greatest object should be earnestness and high aims; and in netting examples of these it is possible for the disciples to aid the teachers not less than for the teachers to aid their disciples. Professor Strong, on resuming his seat, was loudly applauded. A variety of songs, reci- tations, and dramatic scenes were then given, with excellent effect. During an in- terval it was unanimously resolve, on the motion of Mr. K. Mathews, seconded by Mr. J. Monash— "That in the opinion of this meeting the formation of a University association of a literary and social character is highly desirable." The following gentlemen were appointed a provisional committee to float the associa- tion:—Messrs. J. Mathew, J. G. Davies, R. N. Smith, G. A. Thomson, J. C. Halfey, J. Monash, A. Amess, C. J. L. Woinarski, C. H. Pyne, J. B. O'Hara, B. A. Smither, and E. L. Smith. Votes of thanks to Professors Strong and Elkington were carried by acclamation and suitable acknowledged. 