THEATRICAL GOSSIP. The Kennedy Family.—We learn that the Kennedy Family, the well-known Scot; tish vocalistB, who visited the colonies a few years ago, are' on their way out again, and will in due course visit Adelaide. _ We learn that Mr. William Farreu will be sixty in three years' time, and that he has determined on celebrating that threescore by retiring from the stage. Edwin Booth, the American tragedian, has been playing iSbalispearian characters in Berlin with great success. He speaks English, and the rest of the company German. Messrs. Holt & Wilmot, who have secured the lease of the Grand Theatre at Islington (late the Philharmonic), offer a prize of 4k>00 for the best original drama for their opening attraction. Two dramas are to he selected by competent judges from the MSS. sent in; both are to be well mounted and played, and the prize is to be given to the author of that which has the moBt profitable run. A remarkable gathering took place at Drury-Lane Theatre on an afternoon in January, when, at the invitation of Mr. Augustus Harris, some 4,000 poor children from various schools and institutions witnessed the performance of the pantomime. The delight of the youngsters was unmistak ably shown in various ways. The proceed ings were pleasantly interrupted by the distribution of buns and oranges, which some friends had provided. A play in a church is a novelty. New York, says the Era, has but recently repudi ated the idea of a "Passion Play" being given in that city, but under another title, that of a " Nativity Play," a similar perfor mance has actually been given in a church, A stage was fitted up, and there was a choir of young ladies to represent angels, and they would not be modern youog ladies if they did not all think themselves angelic. There were several set scenes, one of them being King Herod s Palace. another the Adoration of the Magi, and another scene represented a plain where shepherds watched their flocks by night and an angel appears to tell them of the birth of the Saviour. In the scene of Herod's palace there were guards in shining armonr, and in the adoration scene there was a stable and manger with a figure of Christ in wax, while a young lady represented the Virgin Mary. Strangest of all there was a dance. We are informed that " it was not a ballet," but merely a " barbaric dance to aid the scenic illusion." A new feature at a Brussels theatre has been the appearance lately of the Tori kata Japanese troupe, five in number. They are remarkably clever, and run up ropes and poles by the sole aid oe their hands and toes with marvellous rapidity, one of thein supporting himself on a bar on the roof of the building, and there sustaining the weight of the other four. In the second part, one of the performers, lying on his back, manipulates with his feet a large tub three or four yards in diameter, spinning it round in every direction. Two boys of the troupe thentaketheir places, oneooits inside, the otheron theoutside, while thesame process is going on. In the third part, the youngest performer walks up a pole supported on the shoulders of the eldest of the troupe, and performs all sorts of curious gymnastics. Arveenye, the Japanese juggler, continues to exhibit his wonderful feats, causing much amusement by his rapid runs from eud to end of a long table, where he keeps twelve bowls spinning, &c.; Calcutta Pressmen are jubilant at the de parture from their ehores of Daniel E. Baud lnaim. Among other compliments we read— " Bandmann, the ' Ishmael' of the profession, has taken his leave, having been completely snuffed out. ... To gain the absolute confidence and respect of the public, au actor, however good lie may bo, must be a gentleman and sans reproach. Mr. Band mann is neither, but rather a type of that insiuuating nuisance, only to be met with on the grimy boards of a travelling penny show, a ranting, blustering, ignorant mummer. . . . We have no hesitation in saying that Herr Bandmann is a blackguard, and we ; sincerely hope tiiat we have seen the last of him, and that he will carry out his threat of never visiting Calcutta again. If he takes oar advice he won't, after his miserable failure this season." Then there are some pathetic lines headed " Farewell," and begin ning ;— Farewell poor ghost of Slmkspeare's dream, Farewell to rant and thee. Lastly comes an epitaph, as under* Departed. Kerr Yon Tvompet-blower. —Medio de fonte leporum Surgit awaii illiquid, quod in ipsi» lloribus angat. Kequiescatin Pace. We are afraid that in Herr Bandmann's case there is only one end to the stick. A writer in the San Francinco Newt Letter says:—"Joe Jefferson is a hobby- rider of the first water—or, rather, oil—for his weak ness is painting. It is a weakness only in a general sense, for he has artistic ability. Landscape is his forte, and he has done some good work among the scenery of Louisiana, where he spends most of hiB vaca tions on his fine plantation. Lawrence Bar ratt is a student, a devoted reader, and a writer of considerable power.- His "Life of ForreBt" is his most ambitious work, but his papers on acting and the stage possess more critical 'value. Barratt aspires to shine in type as well as in tights, and off the stage mingles almost altogether in that dilletanti social world for which Boston lias become renowned. He is a personal friend of Howells and the rest of the Atlaniic Monthly coterie, and is really prouder of that dis tinction than of any be has won on the stage. McCullough's tastes are more robust and adventurous than studious. His hobby is an old one. He has a craze for collecting old theatrical wardrobes, and possesses an immense collection, which includes nearly all of Forrest's stage dresses, and of Booth's, Davenx>ort's, and other great actors'. As far as associations" can render them so, the McCullough's sumptuary treasures are price less. He employs a man to keep them in good order. Edwin Booth has no particular weakness except his fondness for colouring meerschaums. Janueschek has a studious hobby. She goes in for classical study. She possesses the polyglot genius of the Hun garians and Russians, speaks most of the living languages, and has a mania for study ing dead ones. Like a female Person, she never travels without a Greek or Latin classic to keep her company. While lighter weights in the drama kill time on tbe rail with cheap novels, massive Janueschek revels in the sounding numbers of Homer and Aristophanes, and lunches on the rhetorical periods of tbe great Roman orators. Next to dead languages, Janue schek's hobby is live diamonds; but then that is not a personal weakness, but one that is every woman's. Harry Edwards is a great entomologist. He is also a litterateur of ability. Charley Bishop's taste runs to medicine and surgery. James Lewis has an absorbing passion for the collection of wigs. So has Fanny Davenport. This peculiarity is said to be characteristic of many actors and actresses. 