:The termination of the .sittings ;of . thp first colonial Conyentiou will become memorable in Australian fiistoiy. They opened somewhat inauspiciouqly, and not many days had passed before a collapse was dreaded.. From the first mere, seems lo nave ueeu somecuiug like a f'degd-sefc" agaiust Victoria, our delegates being viewed with, a cautious and suspicious eye. This seems es pecially to have Been the case as re gards 'our (Sydney cousins, and it is probafilelhat bqt for the wisdom, tact, aud ability displayed by Messrs. Service aud Berry a disastrous fiasco, , fatal . to thp cause of federation, wuuld have oc curred. This is the . npjre inexplicable in face of the fapt that there were uo grounds whatever for the - foregone as sumption that Yiptoria's design was to steal a match' on the sister colonies. The result, howeyer, ought tq convince our neighbours that their fears were eutirely baseless. Roth Mr Service aud Mr Berry, on thp other hand, exhibited marked ability, and pven our rivals have been compelled to admit the fact that these gentlempq were conspicuous for their oratorical ability and States manship. As to the actual amount of business transacted mqch cannot be said beyqnd the fact that the foundation of a great future colonial Convention was firmly laid, pud the fjiodus operqndi agreed upon for future proceedings. But whatever differences of opinion were found to exist on the divergent fiscal policies of the colonies there was p rem&rkable; unanimity of sentiment on the subject of the exclusion, by hookmr; by crook, of the foreign convict. A permanent Federal Ouunpil wy as estab lished, and a part of its duties will be to watch over the uuited interests »of. Australasiqongeneral questions, and call tfie Oonyentjon together whenever an emergpnpy may arise to justify such a coursp. The subject of auuexation oc cupied a foremost place in the prq- gramm© of business, and on this ques tion it was affirmed that it is essential to the safety and welfare of the Rritish dominion in Australasia that no portion qf the neighbouring islands, and es pecially that no portion of the eastern half of New Guinea, shquld fall into the hands ,of any foreign power. Mr Griffith pointed out that the rapid ex- teusion of enterprise and trade, aud the attention which has been drawn to New Guinea, render it certain H that many adventurous subjects" of Great Britain aud other nations will shortly dirept their steps to its shores, whose relations with thp native tribes in the absence of any provision for the main tenance of law aud order aud the pro tection of life and property, cannot fail tq give us much serious difficulty and embarrassment. The immediate adop tion of these views are to be forced on the attention of the Home Government, and in order to rPmove auy ob stacle in the way, the colonies offer to pay the cost between them. With re gard to the inundation of Australia and portions of Polynesia by tfie French convict he urges (although the under standing arrived at in 1878 between Great Britain aud France, recognising the independence of the New Hebrides, precludes the Convention from making; any recommendation with repect to these islands, ) the extreme desirability is mani- ipst of coming to an understanding of Lnfeiflig steps to secure these countrie3 fqreign domination, and especially to provide against their conversion int pejnal settlements. The whole of the resolutions are to fie transmitted to th0 Secretary of State. At the conclusion of the session the members of the Con vention were entertained at Glontarf, where Mr. Service and Mr Berry, in forcible and eloquent speeches, endea voured to dissipate the feeling of jea lousy evideutly entertained towards Vic toria. If e denied that aqy of the colonies desired to assert a single, point I of superiority or exclusiveness over the other. He desired federation at once, . and observed that he was tired of hear ing the oft- repeatefl tal,e that federation , must come some day. Mr Berry was equally forcible, and regretted greatly >the; exclusion of the Press. As a whole, although the work done was necessarily ; limited, the great fact has been accora- plished of each polony finding something to I. do beyond the narrow limits of its I own boundaries; and discovering that the real q,nd abiding success and prosperity of Australia can only be accomplished by harmony of purpose . and -unity:, uf action." Messrs Service and/Barry have earned the thanks of the eurire population for their able representation of yictorian interqsts at the first meeting of the -first.. Federal Convention held in Australia. Thi?: Avoca, if ail \yas first published., on the 11th December, 1863, and conse quently: it) has : attained the age to-day. oft tiyenty years. During that period5 it : will, we think, be freely admitted that the Mail, hqs .passed, through many< troublous times/when party politics and questions of purely local1 concern have fun high ; and it will doubtless be as freely admitted; that we have fought; our 'battles with a singleness of purpose which h ad; for its - sol e obj ect- the - true advancement and prosperity of the to\yn and district in whjch our lot is cast. It goes without saving, indeed, that in tfie- main ;we have been- highly success ful. Our advertising columns alone arpply attest the appreciation in which the Avoca Mail, is held as a valuable advertising medium— as a journal which is widely read in Melbourne, Ballarat," and other large centres of business. Not onlj' have - we deyo'ted this journal ex clusively to the -interests of the Avoca ' Shire, but w.e i have given pp our p,er- squal - time and energies tp the. progress : of the place. We do not claim to possess individual ;ufallibihyr and if we. have erred it has been, not from premedica tion or the gratification . of personal pre dilections, but on account of the views we felt it our duty to express according' tu the lights vyith which we are favoured on questions qf paramount interest. We are. glad to be able to say that we have kept . our columns free, from that vin dictive snleen and oersonal nuerulous- tiess which are the great bane of too many upTcountry journals in this colony. While that policy will be invariably ad hered to,' v/e sliail never shrink from attacking what we may conceive to be a pubijc eyil injuiical to the pubiip wel-. . tare. Frequent popapl∫? are ipade of the congregation. at the street corners pf knots of young men and boys, who not only oc cupy the gangway, but indulge, in coarse remark? of a personal character to an ex tent that is vepy unpleasant tq the passer-: by, and especially auuoying to the ladies. It is a custom decidedly more to be honoured in the breach than the observance. Sundaj- evenings after church is over seems: to bo a favourite time for indulgence in this unworthy conduct. Hay harvesting is being rapidly pushed on this district, apd we have reason for be lieving the average to be up tq the mark. Ic is in full' swing in most of the parishes to the north of St. Arnaud. The reapers and binders are giving satisfaction, and very shortly th.e new wheat will - be on the market. . The application of Mr George Mills/ of the Gl.enmona Station, Rung Bong, for the sale of land in the Parish of Yalong, came on for hearing at the Local Dand Board, held at Talbot on Friday; last,, befqre Messrs Blundell (District Surveyor) and \Y. H. Meakiu of the Lands Department. A petition, numerously signed, was presented by the Acting Town Clerk of Talbot against the alienation of the land on -the grouud that it contained the only accessible water ?upply within a considerable distance. The application, which was also opposed by petition by. . residents in 'thp vicinity" and Mr Wood, Shire Engineer, 4;7Q0£i'? " was eventually refused. . ' The genial weather of Sunday attracted a large number of visitors from MaiT" borough. ; Early, in thp morqing a. party of gentlemen arrived from that town in the drag. of ;Mr,Q. W Yhuen' 9 the Bull and Mouth Hotel, and spent a very pleasan day's opting. The trawberry gardens as usual . at this seasqn of the year, were largely patronised; the luscious fruit, with fresh'cream, prqving a delicious treqt to the visitors. The annua, meeting of the subscribers lo the Avoca Mechanics' Institute was held on Monday evening last, Mr C. J. Reid, J.B.. ip the chair. The annual report and balauco sheet were read -and adopted, and on the whole an encouraging state of thjqgs were found to exist. Our report will apr pear in oqr next issqe. A public harmqny meetiqg in connection with the Good Endeavour Lodge, 1.0 G.T., Avoca, was held in the Lodge-roqm last evening, when a fairly good attendance was present. The following ladies and gentle men assisted with songs, recitations, and readings: — Mrs Marsdenaud Mrs Richards; and Messrs. Squires, Richard?, Steed, Davies, Barbat, and Paten, and the choir. The accompaniments for the choir were creditably played upon the harmonium by Miss Shanklin, aud the meeting was closed by Mr Richards pronouncing the bene diction. Lient-Colonel Dismey, R.M., has been gazetted Colonel Commandant of the Local Forces ; Major Brownrigg, Lieut-Colonel, and assistant Adjutant-General, Rifle Bri gade; Major Walker, R.A., to act on a similar capacity for the artillery, and Lieutenant lud to be Captain commanding Victorian Artillery. The proprietors and principals of private schools are reminded by an advertisement elsewhere from the Education Office that they are required to furnish the Department in January with a return as to the number, birthday, box, residence, and number of school days' attendance qf each scholar during the preceding year for the infor mation of the Government. Holiday-makers will perceive from an advertisement in our business columns that excursion tickets will be issued to and from all stations on the Victorian railways from December 12tli. 1883. to January 3rd, 1884, bpiug available for 3d 4aJs« Qur local anglers are reminded that the close reason for .certaip kinds of fish ter minates on Sunday next.: The .close season for wild duck of any kind, wild turkey, teal, native companions, and mallee hens, black swans, emu, and wild geese (all sorts), ends on the 20th December. A proclamation in the Gazette of Fri day further prorogues Parliament until Tuesday, January, 29th, 1884. : The nec Maryborough Court of Assize is gazetted for the 15th February next. Mr J. G. Simson has been instructed to sell the right to occupy the various booths and grand stand at the approachiug Hish- land Gathering in Maryborough, on Satur day next at the Mclvor Hotel. That Ayoca ghost, which recently haunted the classic precincts of the "Rookery," on the Maryborough road, has tumed:up in the j.columus of the Bulletin, which thus refers > to the nocturnal visitant " The Avoqa .ghost .is growjng nightly in public favqur. IJe began by being ,th,e size and shape of a white calf, and then grew by degrees until he assumed the shape of a fiery dragqn, 8 feet high, and stoqt jn pro portion, Whenever, a policeman has been told off with a dark, lantern the spectre ha? disappeared, possibly in .dread of tl>e in spector, .or y,ery. likely through the closing of a far-famed, grogshop in the haunted valley ; but belated citizens who find much difficulty/in reaching their domestic abqdes aftqr dark can- generally account for their late hours by pleading an interview with the, harmless. and supernatural visitant." , Th©--W omen 'a -Model-— Lodging —-Ifoua©— iu- Mejbourne is situated opposite the City Baths, at the porth.ern end of wanston strqet, 'in Franklin-street, aud ha? ' four stories, is a quadrangle with courtyard in -.tli e centre, has one hundred well-ventilated separate be.drooms, -and cap accommodate 20Q lodgers, is furnished with lavatories and baths and all easy of access. A covered corridor on; each- floor sprrounds- the in terior of the building, and could be used in severe weather for . exercise. , It has beep erepted at a cost of over £12,000, and is in .eyery; way designed tq promote thp cpmfort and welfare of the inmates. For this pur pose, a: Ladies' Committee has undertaken to assist the .Matron. Thepe are two sitting .rooms ;.qne;. can accommqdate 30, thp other 20p, where the inmates can writp letters, sew orji-eadirorn a library free for. all.. This model lodging house was built to meet a great and long felt want in Melbourne, for while-there; were one hundred and fopty registered lodging houses for men and ten for married couples, there was not ope such f.o.r women. Thus women froip the neigh bouring colonies, from the interior of this." servants out qf situation, factory, - needle women and shopwomen, etc., who had limited funds or, no homes or friends to re ceive them, were obliged to seek a lodging m, the, publichouses or in the lowest parts of the city, where they were exposed to dis- cqmfort and temptation to drink, and where, too often, many were known to have ' been led to moral ruin. The object in erecting tl)is much needed lodging house was philanthropic. It is hoped, however, as there is nothiqg of charity in it tliat ; wbjie it proves a benefit to . women . it will also eventually remunerate those who have furnished the capital. There is on the base ment story a large .diping- room, where h iu»i Ir rn c t onrl loo n«r> j. .(J -1. v.. v»u.auo«. nil v two oujjpnuu ui y?u. eauii meal. The beds may be hqd. for 6d., 9d., aud Is. each night. Messrs Powers, Rutherford and Co. elsewhere notify a large clearing sale .of sheep at Amphitheatre Station, between Avoca and Beaufort, on Friday, Depenjber 21\. , Altogether upwiirds of 14,000 head will be submitted to public competition, together with a lot of cattle, horses, and station plant. ; -' ; Mr T. P. Fallon, 45 William-street, Mel bourne, announces having opened an agency- for the sale. of colonial wines, in hulk, with tlie view of bringing the grower and whole sale buyer together, in order to facilitate the transaction of business in the wine trade. A terrible steam explosion occurred at St. Arnaud/on Friday last,- by which several mien have been more or less injured, at Messrs. Malcolm apd Co's, Flour Mills. The mill was completely wrecked, and seri- ;ons. damage-done to neighbouring property. The accident 'is not attributable to auy care lessness on the part of. the employees. The Dersons injured are the following :rfSamuel Duff, who happened to be passing at the- tipae on his way tq Oonooer bridge, was so seriously hurt that small bepes of his re covery- are entertained, he having one leg broken in three places and the other dislo cated, besides a cut on the knee-joint and other, bodily injuries. Two of the employees named Wyatt apd iVfurrells, botlvyoung men, were injured, but not seriously;' The latter; in. additiqu to receiving bad bruises was also scalded about the shoulders and back of the head. The mill had been stop ped ,for a few days previously, and steam had only just been got up at .bout 6 o'clock on the morning of the accident then the boiler bprst. The force of the explosion carried : the boiler a distance of 40 yards, when it was fqrtqnaetly stopped by a stack of timber, or qthcrwise. it wopld have de molished the r house qf Miss Muldrell, and would - probably have killed the inmates who were 'in bed at the time. The case of Samuel Duff has since terminated fatally. ; .The Yen. Archdeacon: Crawford,, of Castlemaine,.who is well known in the Avoca and ." Maryborough districts, referred last Sunday, morning at Christ Church feelingly tq his retirement from the incuipbency. He said he anipusly looked .forward to his much required rest, as he feft the burden of his duties very heavy. He also ex plained that he could not retire till the end of; the year according to law, apd inci dentally mentioned that a large number of applications had been received frqm gentle men, desirous of securing the position. Horticultural Societies claiming to parti cipafce ,ip the Government grant-in-aid mpst senfi in particulars by January 31, 1SS4. At : pre?ent this pipce of information carries with it no solid significance so far as the Avoca district is concerned ; but it is to be hoped, in the interests of our mutual wel fare, that the time is not far distant when it will be. The subject has heeu talked over, but no action taken, probably for the want of some one to take the initiative. The rodent has proved so great a pest on some of the runs in Adelaide that a be wildered squatter has hit upon the follow, ing rather novel expedient to rid himself of the pest : — For some timo pa?t a short advertisement appeared in the Adelaide daily papers, signed by Messrs Robertson Bros., offering the sum of 9d each for 1000 cats. Monday, the 15th. was made the grand reception day at the Globe Hotel, but up to noon pot more than 17 pussies had been sent in, the reason for such a failure beipg apparently the fact that the public did nqt believe in the genuineness of the offer. However, during tlie afternoon the gamins got hold of the news that money was to be made by securing any old toms or fovourite tabbies they might see in their perambulations, and towards evening the youngsters began to bring in the eats, until by 11 o'clock at night the total had in creased to about 100. The animals were safely cooped up in lare boxes, aud they will be sent to Messrs Robertson Bros.' Chowilla run, for the purpose of rabbit destruction. Ouida says illicit Iqve is the only true sub ject fqr (fie gqvelist, 