PAID IN HER OWN COIN. BY MBS. M. A. DENISON. 6 "jlTISS THORNTON, you have given me every 1VJL reason to believe that you loved me.' 4 What right, sir, have you to speak in that lordly, masterful way ? Have I not a right to give my favour whore I choose, and to withdraw it when I choose ?' 4 No !' was the low, stern reply. 'You are insolent 1 and the beautiful girl turned away, frowning. 4 I repeat, you havo given me every reason to believe that you loved me,' in a deeper tone than before. One would scarcely look for the manner and the voice in this slender, delicately-featured man, Grecian in every line ami curve. The fire that burned in his blue eyes now was terrible — so was the unquiet tension of his brow. Only the lips, tremulous with passion, showed how tender of nature he was. 4 Why do you turn from me ? In your soul you known my words are true.' He diew back a little, with an anguished glance upward. 4 I cannot act as I suppose other men do act ir, such a case as this. I should, no doubt, give you a statelier bow than usual, accept my fate with humility, and — leave you to triumph over the wreck you have made — but I cannot.' His voice had in its depth a tragic fierceness, which, spite of herself, made the girl shudder. 4 She had been amusing her leisure with the study of character,' she said, lightly to her friends, when they chaffed or con gratulated her. Was she to pay dearly for her studies? She lifted her head to speak, but the imperative move ment of his hand staid the words on her lip. What ! had he the power to awe her ; this boy, as she had called him, for he was a year younger than herself. 4 I have known you for two years, Constance Thorn ton,' he went rapidly on, his eyes gleaming, and his cheeks, even his brow flushing. 4 I Jon't know how other men love — I have never troubled myself to imagine. Only this I do know, that from the first I have been absorbed in you — in no other way can 1 ex press it. You have been light, purity, heaven, almost everything to me. I have conquered weakness and folly for your sake. Constance ! Constance ! has been the talismanic word in every temptation. Never have you met me with less than a warm welcome. Your eyes have hung on mine — your lips have echoed to all I said — your wishes have been like the footfalls to the echo of my own. Always you have accepted my gifts — you need not start so proudly and flash upon me the disdain of your glance. I acknowledge that they have been but trifles — costly trifles, though — for they are paid for in heart's blood. You have accepted me be fore others — deferred to my judgment, blushed and looked down at my foolishly sweet words. Oh, yes, I acknowledge, also, that they were foolish, but I said them, and you, by your manner, at least, endorsed them. Constance Thornton, do you know what men would have called me if I had thrown you off — suppose the case reversed — as you have discarded me ? Why, knowing you to suffer, as I suffer at this moment, and I am not ashamed to say it, your brother Dan would have killed me, and I — I should have deserved it.' 4 Mr. Langley, I will listen to this language no longer !' and the girl swept on to the door ; but be fore she could reach it ho was by her side, had caught her wrist, and held her powerless. 4 You shall hear the whole truth,' he whispered, and his voice had grown changed and hoarse. 4 It is not often such women as you hear the truth. Men are afraid of you. They are cowards before the power of your beauty ; but I have told you that I am not like other men. Other men bow to many shrines — I never bent to but one. Other men calculate their chances, and hold their reason in reserve for fear of deception — I worship blindly, and believe as devotedly. Other men sneer at women ; by the heaven above me, I have ever held the loveliest woman in reverence 1' His voice shook by breaking, as he added : 4 And this is my reward. I cannot bear it — oh I I cannot ' He dashed his hand over his eyes, his hair moved staggeringly, like one blinded and fainting, and the girl, frightened, ran for the bell ; but suddenly he stood erect, with blanched face. 4 1 am better,' he said, in a voice as calm, as low, as gentle as the summer wind. 4 Good-by ! God for give me for loving you so madly. Hot words came to me, upbraidings, cursings, for 1 come of a race that loves vengeance too well. You shall not be troubled by my presence again. Some day, perhaps, I shall say it is better so. 1 will not judge other women by you. There are true hearts somewhere. There is one at home waiting for me — my mother !' He was gone at last, and Constance Thornton sank back in her seat, not only frightened and angry, but sorely punished. She had never, indeed, had the truth so spoken — nay, hurled at her. If she had only seen him in this guise before, who can tell what might have happened ? Like most of her sex, she liked power, and some slight show of it, in the masterful race. Hugh Langley had been too sub missive, too much her slave. And she was willing to admit that she did like him ; and, alas ! conscience, reawakened by his terrible words, stung like an adder. She had encouraged him, and she knew it, in every possible way. Proud of winning him, she had tried, at first, with all lier soul, to keep him, until at last it needed no art, no coaxing glances and graces to bind him to her chariot wheels. So she had gone on trifling with fire daintily, venturing playfully to the very edge of an abyss, of whose dizzy depths below she knew nothing until the romance was done — the story at an end. Hugh Langley had been advanced in his business, and that very day had called to know his fate — had spoken in a manly, straightforward way, quite sure of his chances, light-hearted as a victorious general. Had he not more than once read love in her coy glances ? Surely no living being could so descend to the depths of infamy as deliberately, and with malice aforethought, to lure on the human heart to love, to worship, and then throw it away with light speech and marble heart, careless of what suffering, even anguish, might ensue. She knew that he was the Benjamin of home, the bright particular star of an atmosphere of love and beauty ; that his mental gifts were more than fair ; that mother, sister, and brothers idolized him, and her triumph consisted in the consciousness that she was more than all these to him ; that she had drawn him away from them all by the magic of her smile. 4 If I could only have loved him ! I believe I did love him a little,' she murmured ; 4 but then, it must have been years before he could give me what I want at once in the way of wealth and distinction. Both are offered me from from others ; and, ah me I I didn't love him enough to wait.' But this consciousness did not take away the sting of self-reproach. He had humbled her He had spoken the truth, and she tried to hate him. Strangely enough, she kept her own room that even ing, declining to see visitors on the plea of a headache. Indeed, not only head, but heart, ached. It was the first genuine sorrow she had ever known, and it had been a trial to dismiss the honest, earnest, worshipping devotee, the burden of which was hard to bear. The next morning there were pale and anxious faces at the breakfast-table. Conny did not come down till after her usual time. Entering languidly, her rich cashmere of pale-blue sweeping the carpet, moving noiselessly on like a spirit, she was a little startled to observe the other members of the family suspend their meal to stare at her. 4 Well, do I look like a ghost,' she asked of her fourteen-year-old sister, 4 that you watch me so ?' I passed a dismal night, and my head ached so badly this morning I didn't know as I could get up at all.' 4 Oh, Con 1' cried Charley Thornton, eagerly, and then desisted at a glance from Dan, the elder brother. 4 Why 1 What is it ? Why do you all look so strange ?' demanded Constance, pausing, her hand on the back of a chair. 4 In ze paper !' shouted the youngest of the troop, not yet promoted to plain English. 44 What's in the paper ?' cried the girl, an undefined fear making her heart sink suddenly. 4 Conny must know it by-and-by,' said Mr. Thorn ton, slowly rising, and looking at her in a strange, sad, rebuking way. 4 They tell me poor Langley was here yesterday. Did he — was he like himself ?' 4 Oh, papa !' cried Constance, suddenly leaning heavily upon the chair, 4 you said 44 poor Langley." ' Her lips refused to say more. 4 Con ! he shot himself last night,' said Dan, brusquely. 4 Blowed his brains out 1' supplemented Charley, with a gesture of horror. 4 How could you ?' cried Mrs. Thornton, wildly, as Constance sank down helplessly and fainted away. 4 Ah 1 I see how it is,' muttered Mrs. Thornton, almost savagely. 4 God help her ! His death lays at her door, I fear.' Alas I there were others who repeated that bitter sentence. The mother, broken-hearted ; and raving in delirium ; the sisters, delicate girls, who had almost adored Conny Thornton, for their brother's sake — the younger son, who had been sent for from college ; the father, who had long been an invalid. Within three months three funerals wound their slow way from that stricken homestead, the man who, in madness, had taken his own life ; the father, killed by this blow, and the mother, whose reason had never returned. As for Constance Thornton, people said she was gayer than ever. There had been the usual nine days' wonder ; some pitied, some blamed, while many a foolish girl looked upon her as something nearly sacred — had not a man killed himself for love of her ? It became more than ever the fashion to follow her. She herself, in order to deaden the stings of conscience, plunged about wildly into society. A year had passed. The Thorntons had given up housekeeping, and had taken a suite of rooms in an up-town hotel. Mr. Thornton, through fortunate speculation, had grown very rich, and few families in New York lived in better style, or spent money more freely. Constance was now twenty-three, and more beautiful than ever. Perfect taste, and the ability to import the best of Worth's toilets, made her pre-eminently the at traction of the season. It was reported that two millionaires were in the wake of this high priestess of the mode and of loveli ness, and were only waiting her fiat to see which should be the favoured elect. It was at this time that a name rang through the land, compelling the admiration of the world. 4 Paul Delray ? Oh, yes ! ho has been studying in Europe and on the Continent,' said Lady Blanche Percival, a transient boarder, worshipped by all Snob- don because of her undoubted pedigree. 4 I heard him at the old Drury two or three weeks before I came away. He is royal by the right of genius, there's no doubt of that.' 4 First-wate I' lisped Lord Percival, a fine specimen of the red, or blonde Briton, whiskered from ears to shoulders, waisted like an hour-glass, and fastened to a perfectly spherical eye-glass, which he used like a watch maker, and which helped to give expression to his languid ennuied glances ; 4 one of the best of our modern Hamlets, and makes love like a gentleman. Nothing outwa , nothing brusque ; no wanting or waving. Weally quite a pweasure to wook at — a — weally.' 4 And so handsome 1 So distinguished-looking ?' 4 Aw — yes.' 4 He walks like a prince of the blood. No one would take him for an ' — she was about to say an American, but recollected herself in time — 4 an average man, with tastes and passions like the common herd, you know.' 4 You raise my expectations far above the ordinary level,' said Constance, though with languid interest. She was never prepared to be captivated with strangers, and hat day she had asked herself, with a strange, dull pain in her bosom, whether she really had a heart, since all men failed to answer the ideal she still persisted in recalling — the true, earnest, fervent soul that had once looked at her out of the eyes of the man she had done to destruction. Strange fatuity, born of memory and of death ! If he had lived on, she would, perhaps, never have be stowed a thought upon him. 4 You may be quite sure, my dear Miss Thornton, that, whatever you imagine, the reality will eclipse. They say. there has not been such a transcendent star since Garrick. He fairly turned the heads of half of London.' 4 You pique my curiosity. I shall get papa to en gage seats for the first night. Let me see, lie will play at on Tuesday.' 4 And be sure he can say with perfect impunity, 4 1 came, I saw, I conquered.' 4 Aw — see the conqworing hewo comes,' lisped Lord Percival. He captures hearts by the dozen, Miss Thornton. Be on your guard.' Constance tossed her lovely head contemptuously. 4 We may be very much pleased with fine acting, but as to making friends of gentlemen in that profession, I, for one, beg to be excused.' 4 Aw — um — vewy corwect. Yewy pwopcr, I'm sure.' But Constance noticed that Lady Blanche turned quickly away, her colour heightened, and that Lord Percival, humming an air from an opera, walked out of the room with, as it seemed to her, a somewhat dis turbed countenance. She learned later that Lord Percival was the grand son of a celebrated actress, whose beauty and genius secured her a title for a husband. The star came, and the night. Constance Thorn ton acknowledged his power in her secret heart, but affected to criticise him by the ordinary rules, whereby she involved herself in much and warm controversy the next morning. They were seated at a table of their own in the com mon dining-room, and Lady Blanche had just defended his manner of reading, or reciting, a favourite passage, when Lord Percival lifted his eye-glass, for at that moment there seemed to be a commotion at the long table. 4 Weally — extwaordinary — there he is now. He has probably taken rooms here. Well, I'm monstrous glad !' Constance saw him as he entered ; saw the admiring glances — the sudden smiles, the whispered tete-d-tete. 4 Disgusting !' she muttered, under her breath ; 4 1 hate hero worship.' And yet what was it that attracted her glances that way, in spite of herself, although she could not see the object they sought ? Something she saw in him awakened old regrets, and sad, though tender recollec tions. Perhaps because the part he had played had come home to her, as these mimic pictures of life and manners do to the conscience that is burdened. And yet Paul Delray's face was one that delighted the eyes of both men and women. Unmarred by ex cesses, lofty and idealized by constant companionship with great thoughts and exalted minds, it had the power to attract in an unusual degree. His form was symmetry itself, and he dressed with that nameless elegance that characterises the toilets of the very few who clothe the body, as great poets clothe their thoughts, with a divine distinction. Singularly enough, Constance kept out of his way. If she had been inclined to see him, her mother, being an invalid, claimed much of her leisure. Yet had she reason to remember for a lifetime the first hour that she was brought into sudden contact with him. It was a rainy evening, and Mrs Thornton, being un usually restless, had claimed the time ot her daughter since early morning, but was now asleep. Calling one of the family servants, Constance bright ened her languid face a trifle, put on one or two becoming ribbons to light up the dead-white of her dress, and with, a strange sense of coming pleasure, went softly down the broad staircase, where she discovered two or three of the domfestics leaning over the balustrade in the lower hall, and listening to a voice that was melody itself. Instinctively she paused to enjoy the rich, reed-like tones, as they repeated the refrain — " Go, lovely rose ! Tell her that wastes her time and me, That now she knows When I resemble her to thee How sweet and fair she seems to be.'' Conny's heart beat quickly. Was there another voice like that — like his ? She moved along more softly still, and looked into the great parlour, all bathed in the light of a silvery moon that filled that part of the room, giving a starlike brilliancy to the rich, and — in the sunlight — rather garish fres coes, and costly surroundings. Seated at the piano was Paul Dclray, his glorious head thrown back, his face, on which the moonlight rested, bringing out all the peculiar, delicately-sharp outlines of brow and profile, looking like that of one inspired, while grouped near him were Lord and Lady Percival, and two 01 three of the habitues of the hotel. Conny did not know how strangely exalted her whole countenance and bearing seemed, as she came slowly forward. It seemed to her as if some unseen spirit were leading her on to her fate. The last musical tones were thrilling her heart, when Delray turned from the piano, and his eye caught hers. At that instant somebody turned up the gas : at that moment Lady Blanche, determined to grasp the opportunity, said in a quick, almost brusque voice : — " Mr. Delray, allow me the pleasure of introducing my friend, Miss Constance Thornton. Miss Thornton, Mr. Delray.'' Had some venomous reptile stung him, he could not have made a more tragic movement, or turned a ghastlier white, as he grasped the back of the music- chair. Every body noticed it, and the smile that went round was in compliment to Conny's supposed triumph. " An actor, even in private life," she said to herself, with a suppressed smile, but nevertheless went through the ceremony of introduction with her usual grace of manner, while her beauty was heightened by a rose glow — for how could she conceal from herself the con viction that she had startled and impressed him ? From that hour he seemed drawn toward her, and her love of conquest, that had for some time slumbered, awoke in its full force. Before she knew it, she dressed for him, sang for him, watched for him, but only, as she said, again and again, because he was the favourite of the day. Sometimes he would give her an hour out of his numerous engagements, but his talk was generally all of hiB stage experience, which was not quite en regie. But he had so seldom been allowed a choice of subjects that it had perhaps become a habit. " I like to see men suffer — on the stage, I mean," she added, with a laugh ; and among her many perfec tions her musical laugh was the rarest. They were seated in a small conservatory, near mid night. Delray had come from the theatre in the dress in which he had performed " Romeo," the occasion being a fancy ball, as he had been so lionized that he escaped into this brilliant bit of tropical country, where he saw Miss Constance inhaling the fragrance of a cluster of roses. She did not see the strange, concentrated gaze with which lie regarded her before she knew he was there, though some subtle imagination caused her to look round, and with a thrill of pleasure she said to herself : — " He has been looking for me.'' They had touched upon the play, which was a favour ite with Miss Conny, and something had led her to make the singular remark. " I fear you like to make them suffer off'," he re sponded, his rich voice vibrant with some scarcely sup pressed emotion. " Oh, no ! oh, no 1" at first lightly, and then with a little touch of terror, for suddenly she saw with her mind's eye the sensitive, beautiful face of poor Hugh Langley, as he stood before her that last time, the victim of her caprices, her wiles, her coquetry. " Ah 1 but confess now the love of conquest is strong in the human heart," ho said, gravely. " I am glad you make no distinction," was her quiet reply, " for men are sometimes quite as unscrupulous as women in their triumphs." " I beg your pardon. Men rarely lead the way. It is the thousand and one nameless fascinations in which we have no skill that lure on the too confiding nature of men inexperienced in society. Few men can prac tise with success the arts of an ordinary woman who wishes to captivate. They cannot wile with the face and the lips when the heart beneath is as cold as ice." " But you do that, night after night," she responded, smiling brightly. " That is my profession — and let mo add that it re quired years of study and practice." " How perfect you are, though !" she said, naively, her eye falling under his gaze. " Yes," he said, slowly, and with a singular shorten ing of the words — " so perfect, that if I attempted to repeat in private what I say on the stage, the women to whom I offered my heart would not believe me." Conny picked one of the roses, her face all one blush. A kind of terror assailed her. She was angry with herself besides, that she had given his words so much importance. She was angry with him because he had deprived her of her usual self-possession. And what means this wild throbbing of her pulses, this desire to fly from him, and yet a singular inclination to sound yet deeper the soul that had stirred the strongest natures to wcmanisli tears ? Even now she detected herself listening for his voice through a singular previ sion that he was on the point of declaring his love for her, and yet she dreaded the test. Was this tormenting influx of doubt and delight what Hugh Langley had suffered while she coolly led him on ? For the first time her proud heart felt pity, as for the first time it experienced love. Yes, there was no disguising the strange truth from herself — she felt toward this actor as she had never felt before — as she had never dreamed she could feel toward mortal man. She confessed herself conquered, and was at once humiliated, for he had not given her any proof as yet that he thought more of her than of any of the thousand and one brilliant and beautiful girls that paid him homage. " Did you find a Juliet in the ballroom?" she asked, suddenly, tearing herself away from her thoughts, and meeting in his eye something that seemed so like pity that it chilled her, and did much toward restoring her self-possession. " I did not look ; I was weary, and came directly here, not expecting the pleasure of meeting you. I am glad I found you among the flowers. It is a sweet and innocent feeling, this love for the beautiful children of the soil. They are just what God made them — lovely tabernacles for pure souls." " Dear me — you don't believe flowers have souls, do you ?" " Why not ?" " It's — it's such a heathenish idea, isn't it ?" " They have a better right to them than many a beautiful woman," he said, with a touch of strange bitterness. " Ah 1" thought Conny, a new pang at her heart — " he has suffered some disappointment," and she became suddenly jealous of the myth her own fancy had created. " I have met with many such," he went on, his voice thrillingly low — " women who could beguile with the tongues of angels and the smiles of seraphs — who used the power which God gave only for high and noble pur poses to drag men after them, as nations of old dragged their fettered slaves, humiliated and besotted, and when the poor wretches asked for some return for their mad devotion, they were coldly told that they were to be sold in the shambles. Miss Thornton, you are not well. The room is too close for you ; let me lead you into the air. I cannot stay long myself in the atmosphere of these overpowering sweet odours." Murmuring something about a vertigo, Miss Conny allowed him to place her arm in his, and, silent and white, went out beside him into another room. From that time till her brother took her home, the girl was in a state of feverish unrest, suffering mentally and phy sically. She felt utterly helpless and humiliated at the revelation of her own feelings. Once home, she passionately tore the ornaments from wrists, neck, and bosom, and threw herself down in all the abandonment of a first and overwhelming self- condemnation. What was there in the presence of this man to be bringing for ever before her mind's eye, either by manner or words, the image of Hugh Langley ? What was the meaning of his speech ? What bitter irony, what lurking contempt, what a passion of horror it held ? Oh, that she could undo what she had done — could live over again the last two miserable years ! Was she to be thus haunted to the death ? Could she bear it, and with it the knowledge that she had given away her own heart unasked ? And Delray ? He, too went to his room, unnerved and unhappy, placed his Romeo hat and feather inside a wardrobe, gleaming with flashes of gold and jewels, substituted a dressing-gown for the upper habiliments of his stage costume, and flung himself down, with knit brows, and lips shut close against his teeth, until he gave a voice to his reflections. " She is lovely — very lovely — and has the smile of an enchantress ; but, were she a thousand times more beautiful, her touch would still be hateful. I should see blood upon her hand." Then he went to a table near by, upon which stood writing materials, and dashed off the following lines : — " Dear L : You doubtless remember the contents of my last, particularly my unexpected meeting with Miss Thornton. If a man had stabbed me at that moment, I don't think I could have felt a more palpable shock. She came forward through the moonlight, and I was prepared to be something more than pleased at the beautiful vision. But at the mention of that name- God forgive me 1 — I felt for a moment like a murderer. The face of that dead boy, ghastly and blood-stained, held her fresh, bright face close company. I sa it, or seemed to see it, and it froze me with horror ! "You know, L ., how I have felt — that I have prayed I might never meet her, for fear this hot blood of mine might prompt some deadly retaliation, but I mas tered my nerves. There my profession held me in good stead. But oh ! the terrible tension of body and soul ! Perhaps that poor boy, who knew how I loved him—and I have never loved man or woman since as I did him — exerted some sort of soothing influence upon me. Perhaps the resolve that there came to me the deadly, persistent determination to bow her proud head, to make her suffer to the utmost all that he suffered— and I know I have the power to do that — staid my quick pulses and calmed my throbbing brain. The weakest woman, smallest child, and sickest invalid, can use Hop Bitters with safety and great good. See. " Well, my friend, since then I have schooled myself to meet her often — to have social tete-d-tetes — to seek her out at our fashionable reunions, to mark her box at the theatre — and so, with a calm, fixed, remorseless purpose, I am going on to the bitter end. I make no pretentions — I do not try to win her love — fate is doing all that for me, and I can see that she is slowly waking to the fact that I am far from indifferent to her. " Do you tell me this is cowardly, ungenerous, un manly ? My dear L , think for one moment. You know what he was — the pride of his father, the darling of a mother who had known but little besides sorrow through the same causes, the blessing and hope of us all. Think of that proud soul driven to madness, deliberately led on, made love to, cajoled, thrown aside like a spoiled toy, by that beautiful fiend. Think of the young life with all its aspirations, its noble triumphs, its unfolded genius, its capacity for making the most exalted friend ships, put out in one moment by such ignoble means. L , I will punish her; I have sworn it. She shall suffer as he did ; she shall know and feel that the blood of that dear boy calls from the ground for vengeance. At this moment I know no pity. I have parted from her but an hour ago. I probed the haughty soul with but a dozen words, and she had the grace to tremble and grow pale. " Three lives she has needlessly wrecked. Do you think I can forget that, or forgive ? Every time her hand touches mine, I see the face I worshipped, and I have had hard work not to betray my disgust, not to say hatred. You will call some of this raving, no doubt, but you know my nature. I am in a fever as I write, for every mention of my wrongs fires my blood with a fierce heat. Fortunately, I have no power, save that of our general humanity, or I should crush these women who win hearts for their pastime, as I would grind a serpent under my heel. " Good-night, dear L . Yes, I still like my quar ters — they are airy and comfortable, and hold myself and wardrobe, though not much more." :|: " Well 1" said Lady Blanche Percival, merrily, to Conny, the day after the fancy ball, " ' I came, I saw, I conquered ' — might be the motto of our hero." " Aw, my dear Bwanchc — aw — pway distingwish between the pawties — pway do. Aw — reverse the carwacters — it was Miss Thornton who conquered, I am vewy sure. Miss Thornton, are we to congwatulate you ?" " I don't know what you mean," said Constance, with sublime emphasis, for she heartily disliked Lord Percival, and called him a fool, which he was far from being, in spite of his enormous self-conceit. " Why, my dear, everybody is saying that you have brought the lion to your feet. Do you suppose we are blind, my beauty ?" and she passed an arm about her waist, while the proud girl turned her blushing face away. " Oh, please tell me all about it ; I am a splendid confidante. I won't oven whisper it to my husband." " There's nothing to tell, Lady Blanche, I assure you," said Conny, still with an averted face. " Don't call me Lady Blanche — I won't have it. Call me Blanche, as you promised. I am sure, my dear, he is no ordinary man," she added. " I believe not, indeed," murmured Constance. " But don't think there is any engagement, for there is not — quite," she added, softly as Lord Percival took his glass from his eye and left the room. " Then there will be ; I am sure there will. And how many will envy you ! There is not a flaw in his character. Heretofore, his profession has been his only love. What a triumph to dethrone so formidable a rival ! He has a splendid income, too, I'm told. The death of a younger brother gave it all to him — quite a heritage — so he don't depend upon the stage, which is fortunate. I won't ask you if you love him — I see it in your face — and you are both so handsome I I am dying to have the wedding come off." " Blanche I How can you talk of such a thing !" exclaimed Constance, with a startled glance. " Pray wait till he asks me to be his wife." " He has not done that yet ?" " Not in strict parliamentary style, as Lord Percival is fond of saying," replied Conny, blushing again ; " only in stage fashion." " Oh, Lady Blanche, I fear not !" said Constance, in a low, frightened voice, turning violently red, and then white. " I'm afraid I said — I don't quite know what I did say. I only know he bent over, respectfully kissed my hand, made a low bow, and retired. I can scarcely tell how I made my adieus and got to my room. Every thing seemed in a whiil. Mamma being sick, you know, I could not go to her. You don't believe I was silly or unmaidenly, do you ?" " Of course you could not be," said Lady Blanche, startled at her vehemence. " It's all right and settled, I'm sure, and I'm glad you told me. I do so like these pretty little love-stories. And everybody sees how it is. He has eyes only for you, and talks to few besides you. Oh, wo shall have a wedding here, I'm sure, and a splendid one 1" " At that moment a servant came in, bearing a letter on a silver salver. Constance took it, her face radiant, and, excusing herself, went to her own room to read it. These lines were its contents : — " Miss Constance Thornton — I fear you were under a slight misapprehension last night, and hasten to cor rect it. Perhaps you remember my quotations, which it appears, I did not make as marked as I had in tended. "And il I had been in e&rnest; — what then? Would there not have come between you and me a pale ghost, with mould upon his grave-bands, and blood upon his fair young visage ? " Miss Thornton, Hugh Langley, whom you so ruth- lessly ruined, you best know why and how, was my brother — the child of my blessed mother. "I, the son by a previous marriage, worshipped that boy from the hour of his birth. I had something to do with the formation of his character ; and I know what a lovely spirit he was. How thoroughly honest, how good, how pure, how trusting! You were the first and only woman he ever loved. For you — my hand trembles as I pen these lines — for you, but for the mercy of an all-merciful God, to whom even now I pray for him, he lost his soul ! " I am trying to be calm, but it is useless. When I first met you my darling had been dead more than a year. I had not forgotten you, but my anguish had been softened a little by time. It did not occur to me that, you being a woman of society, I should ever meet you, for I had been abroad some time when the news, first of Hugh's death, then that of his father and our mother, reached me. How bitter that grief was I leave you to imagine. Subsequently came to my hand a letter from my darling boy, written on that fatal night, and which barbed the arrow of my grief with a fatal poison, for in it he told me all." Constance Thornton read 110 further. Hours later, she was found senseless, the letter crumpled and clinched in her hand, and in the agony that ensued that made her waking like a living death, she knew that punish ment, even at this late hour, was meted out to her — as it is to how few 1 — for the sin of her life. There waB a brilliant wedding, as Lady Blanche had prophesied, some months afterward ; but Paul Delray was far away on a starring tour. The bride was Constance Thornton, and the bride groom one of the millionaires who had persistently offered himself, been rejected twice, but at last accepted. Paul Delray's name was never mentioned, but there were shrewd guesses as to the truth of the matter. And men and women shuddered as they remembered the death- white face, the glittering eyes, and tho icy smile of the bride of a millionaire. — F. Leslie's Monthly. 