MELBOURNE GOSSIP (By The Ghosi.) June 16. Coming events, the proverb tells us, ' cast their shadows before them. The ap proaching re-assembling of Parliament ia no exception to the rule, and ia fore shadowed by the pertinacity with which deputationists from all corners of the colony are urging their claims on the Treasury. On Wednesday last the Ministry were ' waited upon' — a servile expression by the way, and one unworthy of tree-born .Britons — oy upwards ot thirty organised bands of 'looters,' headed by members of both branches of. the Legislature, whose cry, like that of the daughters of the horseleech, was 'Give, give, give.', 'Why most of the re quests could not much better have been preferred by means of half a sheet of foolscap, an official envelope, and — pending the long-p*-mised postal reduc tions — a twopenny Bfamp,is really ' one of those things no fellow can understand.' Except it be that the local magnates of Slushtown or Tinpot Gully like to air their eloquence in the presence of a real live Minister of the Crown, and afford a treat to the ladies on the -Collins-street block, they might be far better engaged in looking after their own affairs than in minding other people's business. As a rule deputationista are not good-looking ; ? there is an air of gaiccherie about them, and the cut of their store olothes stamps the wearers unmistakably as 'young men from the countrv.' I£ these people could only see themselves as others see them, they would hardly be so anxious to rush to Melbourne on every possible excuse arising for a free tap. Stars of the first magnitude in their own sphere, they twinkle very feebly in the glare of the metropolis. . ' '??'.: All . the arrangements in connection with our further loan for two millions have been completed , even to signing the bonds which are now snugly on board the P. and O. mail boat, rooked in the cradle of the deep. ' There has been no tall talk on the' present occasion of taking ' nothing less than par' for our deben tures. The minimum has been fixed at 99, and it has been left to those who ' pay tho money' to ' take their choice', as to whether they will give us more for our promises to pay than the sum, fixed by ourselves. In this instance no doubt our colonial modesty will meet its due re ward. , At last the ridiculous and vexatious dis tinction that has so long existed In regard to duty, and fee, and postage stamps 'is to be done away with, and with the commencement of July tho muoh needed reform will take place. All kinds ' ^M of stamps are to form a happy and ^M united family, and tho counterfeit pro- ^M sentmont of her Moat Gracious Majesty's H countenance iB to bo available for doods, H letters, and receipts. Tho romoval of H even one of the small troubles that go to H make up life's sum of miseries is some- H thing upon which wo maj fairly con- N H gratulate ourselves. For small mercies H vouchsafed to us let vb bo duly thank- I ful. - ? Our VoluntoiTa are to bo ro-organiaod. ? Heaven knows they were sadly in need H of it, for they have been in a state of dia- I organisation quite long enough. Wo aro I to have a paid army— paid at least while H under arms — of between two and three I thousand men. And who, think you, is I the originator of the scheme ? Our mili- I tary authorities 1 No. Any old Imperial . I officer ? Again, no. Simply a Volunteer I major, who, when out of his war paint, ? is a soft-goods warohouaoman. This ? I enthusiastic gentleman has shown the, ? world how the two somewhat uncongenial ? occupations of soldiering ' and selling I 'slops' can be happily combined. ??? I . The question of irrigation is assuming I an importance which bids fair cro v,ery I long to cause it to assume a foremost- I position, and jto bring it, despite the cold I ?water associations connected with it, into . I the category of ' burning topics.fj If I ever Victoria comes to bo fertilised by I the lifo-givihg water, much of the credit I will doubtleBs bo due to Mr. Hugh I M'Ooll, who for years has made tho b- I ject his hobby, and who inside and out- I side the walls of tho Assembly has never I ceased urging the necessity of giving I water ' to the dwellers on the plains.' I It was the fashion not long since to decry I Mr. M'Ooll, and any'allusion to his pet . I scheme was the signal for laughter from I the small wits of the House. Now all is I changed. Members have discovered that their constituents aro in earnest as re gards irrigation, and plainly foreseeing how the cat is about to jump, are pre paring themselves for a similar saltatory movement. It is now more than probable that a Royal Commission will issue, and that Mr. M 'Coll will bo its chairman. If so, the stone rejected by tho builders will ; indeed have become the corner-stone of the. edifice. . : Were evidence required to prove what a law abiding people we Victorians are, and how full is the' measure of liberty we enjoy, it would be found in the manner the Redmond Bros, have been received. They haye been allowed to talk in their own fashion without let or hindrance, and their right of free speech has never for a moment been disputed. Yet at times their? utterances were such as to offend a number of the Queen's loyal subjects, be sides, being the reverse of complimentary to institutions many of us hold dear. Of courae; everyone can't be an Irishman; but in connection with tlm Redmond mission, thoBe who are not may be proud of being Britons. Everywhere, however, 'gentle peace' has not reigned supreme in connnootion with the Land Leaguers' visit. A couple of days ago a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly, who, by the way, was not one of the signatories of the Grattan address, visited a well-known hostelry, not a thousand miles from one of the corners of Bourke-street, in com pany with his brother. A subscription to the League funds was asked for from the boniface, and contemptuously refused. There were hot words, a blow, a couple of black eyes, and a Police Oourt sum mons. Efforts which are likely to be suc cessful have been made to square matters and avoid an expose. That jade Rumour has been busy of late with the names -. of one or two largo- Melbourne ? firms that are, so it is alleged, shortly to succumb to tho want of means to carry on. There maybe some truth in the report, and there may not. But tho circulation of such vague statements does an infinity 'of harm. It creates distrust whore none should exist, and sets tongues wagging about innocent people. For my own part, j r cannot, after diligent inquiry, discover ? j any foundation for the report, and at- ?-- tribute it, therefore, to one of the many silly scribes who, ' grovelling for lack of matter,' evolve news out of the depth of i their own inner conscientiousness! | flowed at the joint expense of the \ colonies to celebrate the union of New ' ] South Wales and Victoria, now tied together by an iron band stretching with out a break from Melbourne to Sydney. So long, however, as there are border duties and different1 tariffs, the wedding celebrated last Thursday will not be a more happy one than many matches where, ' after the honeymoon, the 'happy pair' separate owing to incompatability of tora per. A free trade husband and a pro- ? tectiohist wife will prove but an ill-aa- ; sorted couple. Unleaa they resolve to -, 'givoand take,' the Murray will still.-, continue to be more than 'a geographical : boundary.' .-.-'.? In the theatrical world there is very little to record beyond the fact that a well-, . known operatic star, in connection with whose name that of a young lady of the elite of Melbourne society was freely men- '. ' ?: tioned. has returned to Melbourne after , , ? a month or two of absence. Rignold still : draws at the Royal, and Wybert Reeve at : th'e.Bijou. Miss Pomeroy is at the Opera House, and the Princess is again, closed. : 