TBOTXXire THICKEST. I From tU California Bportiman ant Brooder.) Ih the astnmn tbe eohemet'e fney lightly turns to thoughts of securing a dilapidated trotter with a fast record, and by trotting him at three-minute raoea at county fairs gaining for himself the wherewithal to par- obaee oats daring the winter months. But, aUhongh the evil of "ringing" is etill a serious one to the trotting tnrf, there exuta at present but little chance for the promoters of anoh iniquity to obtein any great amount .t MMiav i«r tliair iMpJiinibou. But in the days gone by the oondibon of affairs was different, and many ere the interesting stories tola of how horses with reoorda low iu the twenties were carried about the country fo purposes of fraud. One of the best of these is in relation to the notorious Small Hopes, now tbe property of Mr. Vanderbilt, that in the fall of 1876 mode the famous campaign of outlawry which resulted in the expulsion from National Association tracks of the horse, anfl all who were connected with the affair. Chariey Perkins, a resident of Rochester, N.Y., and a well-known sporting character, was general manager of the expedition, the other parties interested in the echeme bring Deyo, a Michigan horseman, who owned Small Hopee. and Billy M'Guigan, tha driver. After a successful career in the Wast, where Small Hopes trotted as Lothair, Lapland, etc., a jump was made to a town in Massachusetts, for tbe purpose of giving the horse a rest While there, the entries for s fall meeting to be held at Boston were about to olose, aud on tbe night when it was necessary to make tbe nomination Perkins and M'Gnigsn were seated in the reading- room of the hotel where thoy Were stopping. M'Guigan secured pen ana paper, and was ready to write out the entry. " what classes shall we put him in?" he asked Perkins. 44 tim 1 n nni! o /fl ii wan tbo mfilff. " All right. What .hall we ojdl mm this time F" Perkins hesitated for a moment, bnt could think of nothing suitable. Finally H'Goigan's eye was attracted by the head ing, in big blaok letters, of & newspaper article which lay on tbe table. " The West- brook Tragedy," read M'Guigan aloud, "what's that? ' "That's it," said Perkins, "call him Westbrook," and 00 the entry of Westbrook was duly forwarded. " When the day of the race arrived," said M'Gnigan, telling the story not long ago to a party of acquaintances, "the little horse could go like a shot. The 3.0 class was the first c&Ued;, and there were nine starters. Perkins and I had canvassed the situation, and concluded to lay Small Hopes up the firot heat in order to make tbe bettiug good. 6u when the word was given I took him in hand and finished last, ft grey mare winning the heat in 2.29, and being evidently tbe best one in tbe lot. A Small Hopes could trot in about 2.16 we felt easv, and bought every pool on our horse. When a start for the second heat was made, I gsve Small Hopes his head, and the little fellow went around the first time like a ghost. Just before reaching the quarter pole I notioed that two other horses were alongside of me, and so when we struck into the back stretch I clocked to my horse, and aa he at once strnck s 2.20 gait I oonoluded that the other pair wonld soon be far in the rear. I went to the half-mile pole at a fearful clip, and aoon after passing that point happened to look around over my right shoulder ; there were the other two horses lying on my wheel as unooncerned aa if we were only out for a jog. I was considerably surprised, bnt supposed that in some unaccountable manner Rmnll TTnnnR mnsl Vinvn lnsl nTmu! at otherwise I could not imagine how the others had kept so olose to me. I drove along, and soon saw that my horse oould beat them, although he had to keep hustling to do it. Down the home stretoh we came neck-and- neck, but just at the finish I let loose of Small Hopes a little, a&d; he won the heat by a nore. ' Pretty soon tbe time was announced— 2.21, aDd then tbe secret was ont. There were two other ringers besides Small Hopes in the race, aDd each man had laid up bis horse io tbe first beat to get good betting. YVe got it, but it didn't do us any good, for tbe judges declared raoe, pools, and every thing rise off, and we considered ourselves lucky to get out of the town alive." 