INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. VICTORIA V. NEW SOtJTK WALES. V [By Telegrapbl] 1 ■ Melbourne, December 26. . The thirty-first match between the colonies of Victoria and New South Wales was com*, menced on the Melbourne Cricket Ground to-day in the' presence of an enormous bbdy of spectators. Therain which fell durihgjthe previous night and early in the morning would, it was feared, not only interfere \tith the. play(but deter a large number from attending. Fortunately, however, these' gloomy anticipations wero not realised, the weather clearing towards noon, and with the exception of one slight shower, which Was not sufficiently severe to necessitate the ces sation of play, the weather during the day was all that could be desired. The New South Wales players were on the present occasion weakened by the absence of Spofforth hnd Masaie, and in consequence of this, coupled with the knowledge that the Victorian Eleven was aremarkably strong one, public-opinion declared that the representatives of this colony must score a very easy win. Black-. ham captained the Victorians, whilst Mar .doch performed a similar. duty for 'the New South Wales 'team. The latter Were fortunate in winning the toss,'and of course elected'to'bat. The New Sonth Wales men were in splendid fettle with the willow, and had only lost fonr Wickets for 278 when time was called. Murdoch played a magnificent innings of 158, while Jones displayed bril liant cricket for bis 52, The fielding of the Victorians was not first-class all round although a number of individual instances to the contrary were noticeable. The absence of Cooper as a trnndler was very severely felt, as on a perfect wicket like that of to-day he' is, without doubt, unequalled in the colony. 'No Ihss than seven bowlers were tried, bat the batsmen weretoo good for them. Palmeriob tained two ont of the fonr wickets, and Mid winter'and Horan the other two. The Peay. The coin fell propitiously for the New South Wales captain (Murdoch), who decided to take, advantage of a good wicket. The Victorians; took the field shortly 'after 12 o'clock, the New South Welshmen being represented at the , Wickets by Bannerman and Murdoch. McShane and Palmer opened the bowling,' the former sending down his first over from the pavilion end to JSannerman. Both bats-" men played cautiously, bnt with great con fidence, and a long partnership was antici pated. The score mounted slowly by singles and pairs till 20 was reached, when. Banner man sent Palmer nicely to leg for 4, Murdoch following suit to short leg for 1 from' McShane. Shortly after tni3 Bannerman was clean bowled by Palmer, and the board showed 1—12—30. Jones followed, and Midwinter appealed unsuccessfully for a catch in' the slips from Mordocn off McShane. After several uneventful overs, Jones, punished a short-pitched one of McShane's, sending it to the chains for 4, and bringing 40 into view. Boyle relieved McShane, and the scoring became very lively, thanks to Murdoch. Bans mounted rapidly till 69 was reached, when Horan went on to bowl vice Palmer. Before another ran was added there was an adjournment for lunch, the score then standing at 69 for one wicket,Murdoch' and Jones having 41 and 12 \- respectively to credit. After the usual in terval the game was resumed by Palmer going oh at -his old end, Boyle;'being the -other trundler. ;Half a dozen overs having been delivered, Murdoch drove Bdylo to the off for. 4i all run: out.. Shortly' afterwards 80 appeared. Scott;went:on vice Boyle. In Palmer's next over Boyle made a grand effort to catch Mitfdbch at short mid-on, but could only "tbuch'the ball. A two drive to Mar do'ch off Scott-, and OO^went up, and after a -1 fbw. more lovers the century appeared amidst -cheers., .When 2 more runs were added "Midwinter relieved Palmer, and runs came -more slowly. After 110 had been recorded, "Jones sent Scott to leg for 3, Murdoch driv ing the next beautifully for a like number. Palmer wept cm afc th8 railway end, and Jones snicked' him' to''leg for a quartette. • 120 up. When' atfotbei' 10 had been recorded^ a sJight-sho wer feli.'and'the bowlers had CO use sawdust. Buna now came rapidly, and Jones sent 150 in view ^ by nittiog Palmer to leg for 4. Murdoch drove Palmer to the 6ff-chains for 4. and McShane relieved Palmer. Ihi-score then stood at 158. . Oae hundred' and - sixty -• appeared by singles, phortly after which Horan relieved Slid* winter. The change had the desired effect, as Jones was splendidly held at leg by Walters' off Horan's second ball. 2—52—168, Jones played splendid cricket, and received an ova* tion on returning to the pavilion. Moses filled the vacancy, and after Murdoch had made a single cut Horan for a couple, bringing 170 up. Murdoch next drove McShane to the off for 3, making his century. This was re* ceived with a round of applause. A bad piece of fielding on the part of McShane gave 3 to Moses, andMurdoch drove Horan for a triplet —180 up. A short adjournment for refresh ments now took place. On resuming Palmer went on in place of McShane, and Murdoch punished him by hitting him twice for quar tettes, bringing 190 up. The second century was not long in appearing, principally through the agency of Moses. Another change in the bowling now occurred, Boyle replacing Palmer. Still runs mounted up surely, and at 217 Lewis took the ball from Boyle, Murdoch bitting him to leg for 4 first ball—220 up. Palmer soon after this went on again at bis old end vice Horan, and signalised this by clean bowling Moses. 3— 18—231. Evans succeeded, ana after scoring a couple was let off by Blackham, behind the slicks. Blackham had a chance to catch 'him off Palmer; the hall, however, struck his knee and bounded off within easy reach of Bonnor in the slips, but B onnor did not appear to realise his opportunity. At 240. Scott relieved Lewis. When 6 more rnns were added Horan went on at his old end vice Palmer. Jast before 250 was reached Midwinter took the bail from Scott at the pavilion end, and in his second over caught and bowled Murdoch, who hit the ball bard back to bim. 4—158—260. The New South Wales captain was loudly ap plauded on returning to the pavilion. His innings was a perfect one, with only a ghost of a cbanco to Boyle early in the innings, Garrett joined Evans, and Horan was re placed by Palmer. These two batsmen kept up their wickets until time was called, the score then standing at 27S. The following are the scores NEW SOUTH WALES. Bannerman, b. Palmer .. .. ..12 Murdoch, c. and b. Midwinter _ _ 153 Jones, c. Walters, b. Horan .. .. 52 Meses, b Palmer „ „ .. .. 18 Evans, not out . _ .. .. ..25 Garrett, not out .. — .. .. 3 Sundries u — 10 Total for four wickets — _ 278 The match will be continued to morrow. 