Z AN INTERESTING OLD POEM. l|Ia the remote and time-cloud-covered days when this city was called Rome, there lived npon; the two islands lying westward of the State of Gaul, three, or, according to some historians, four peoples, who were known collectively as “ The British.” They were wealthy and powerful; their possessions were so numerous that they were able to boast that the sun never went down upon their dominions; but inasmuch as they were grasping, selfish and cruel, they were hated as much as they were feared, and it was with secret satisfaction that the unmis takable signs of their decadence were ob served by the other " nntions ” about the close of the nineteenth century. When, in the year 2000, the First Parliament of Man as sembled in this city, and the Federation of the World was proclaimed, the British nation refused to become parties to it; the Federal Parliament resolved to employ force for the last time, aud accordingly a Monitor, with two members of the International Academy and'an engineer, was sent to compel obedi ence to the world's will. In those days there were no inter-stellar or inter-planetary com munication, so that the British were com pelled to remain where they were and meet their fate. The rest is a matter of history. We all know how an accident happened to the powerful Monitor, and how she and the island of Britain were blown so utterly to pieces that no trace of them was ever discovered. The adjacent island, which had long been rendered a howling wilderness by the British, Buffered little by the explosion; and gradually became what we now know it—a delightful garden, to which people from all parts of the globe flocked to enjoy the summer evenings. A gentleman from Neopolis (the ancient New York), while spending an eveniug lately in the suburbs of Hogiopolis (formerly Dublin), found in the store of a dealer in antiquities a very curious and ancient little volume, which is the subject of the present article. The text is executed in the clumsy style of the ancients known as 11 print, ’ which preceded our beautiful photoretinalive process, by which thoughts are fixed upon paper almost as rapidly as they arise in the mind. The book is entitled "The House that Jack Built,”, and each page is illustrated with glowing pictures of great beauty, the colors remaining as fresh and bright as when they were laid on so many thousand years ago. The freedom, force and vigor of the drawing also command our admiration. These won derful old ancestors of ours, semi-barbar ous though they were, had an intense love for, and acute prcception of, the true and the beautiful, producing results that we, with all our vaunted progress, vainly attempt to excel. These pictures are invaluable from an archaeological point of view. Iu the firs t we have a vigorous representation of a dwelling of the period. It accords very little with our ideas of beauty or utility, being a mere rectangular block with oblong holes cut in it to serve as doors and windows. Through the open door can be seen a series of steps, one above the other, by which our forefathers climbed laboriously to the upper apartments. These were called “ stairs,” and are alluded to in a curious ballad preserved in the library of the International Museum, and entitled “ Sich a gittin' up stairs I never did see.” From this ballad it appears that the incon venience of the •' stairs ” was felt and ac knowledged by the ancients. The text ap plicable to this illustration reads : “ This is the House that Jack built.” There is an ad mirable simplicity and terseness about this. There is no subtle train of thought such as our writers employ to lead up to the central, idea. No 1—disdaining all periphrasis and circumlocution, the author boldly plunges in mediae res and puts the key of the illustra tion at once into the hands of the reader, ex claiming simply “This is the House that Jack built! ’ We have to regret that some more definite information is not given us as to the personality of “Jack.” Doubtless, however, he was some great sage or mighty chieftain—or, still more probable, some enor mously wealthy millionaire (for in those be nighted times money was accounted the highest good, and the phrase “ the almighty dollar” was proverbial)—but whoever, or whatever, he was, even his memory has per ished, and only through the little book before us do we know that such a personage ever existed. Sic transit gloria. The second picture represents a chamber i the house, with a large bag lying in one smer; and beneath is the legend : “ This i the Malt that lay in the House that Jack uilt.” What Malt was we can only conjec ure. Our ancestors used bags filled with he feathers of birds for sleeping upon, and : has been plausibly suggested that these ags were called "moults” because the eathers were only obtainable from moulting lirds j and what lendB color to this theory is, hat abont the time when this poem is sup iosed to have been written, there flourished a 1 society for the prevention of cruelty to ani nals,” under the leadership of one Bergh, and n the MSS. in the International Museum is a lecree of this society forbidding the pluck ng of live birds, under a penalty of being layed alive. How such cruelty to human leings was reconciled with such tenderness oward the lower animals, is a mystery, but he records of the ancients are full of similar :ontradictions. The suggestion is, of course, hat the bag in the picture is Jack’s bed, and hat “ Malt” is a corruption of “ Moult.” But ve incline to another theory. In the Inter mtional Museum is preserved a curious 'lass bottle, on which is a label with the in scription, " John Jameson’s Old Malt Whisky.” Whisky, we know, was one of ;hose fiery liquids which were the main causes >f the prevalence of crime, pauperism and m ianity among our forefathers ; and we think ■hat " Malt” was probable the substance, or ine of the substances, from which whisky ivas made. Whisky, too, caused the greatest •.onfusion and violence among those who par o ok of it, and from the eccentric and out ape'ous manner in which the various charac „fs 5n this old poem conducted themselves, ve ma7 reasonably conclude that whisky vas bv no means interdicted in Jack’s house mid 7 Our s'oace will not permit us to dis ■usa more than a few episodes of this re newable volume iu detail, but we may say XSt.it abounds in interest for the naturalist ind the antiquarian. Two long extinct am-, mats, the cat and. the rat, are pourtrayed and spoken of; there is a picture of a priest, or oreserver if mysteries ; and the ancient cere ^ony of marriage is mentioned Of the priest, all that we are told is. “ This is the Priest all shaven and shorn,’ and he is rep resented as a stout man, clad in a long, clumsy garment, and with a fringe of hair surrounding his head. To understand this, we must remember that m those early days of fee human race there still remained on the body of man sufficient hair to prevent his forgetting his descent from the brute crea tion Even before the time of the prophet Darwin, however, there seems to have been an instinctive recognition of the fact that the oerfect man should retain no external evi Jtence of his humble origin, and the top of “sad. and the face, of the priest who was supposed most nearly to approach the ideal mao, were denuded of hair. Only by tradition do we know anything of the writ the great Darwin, who was so won Kt in advance of his age i. but from cer tain ancien; pictures it is plain that in his lime there sfiii ^ted at least *W? nation^ known as the “Apes” and the “ Monkeys,” who were entirely covered with hair. These people were so far advanced as to have the gift of speech; and they possessed some knowledge of a religion; for in a religious paper called Puck, preserved in the Inter national Museum, one of them, named Tal mage, is spoken of as a preacher, and he is represented sitting in a tree, and distributing books or “ tracts,” enclosed in oval cases, to his disciples, who stand around. The Mon keys retaiued the caudal appendages of their ancestors; but if, as eminent critics hold, the “ Hamlet ” of Shakespeare (the only au thor of antiquity whose uumutilated writings have come down to us) was of the Monkey race, [The passage on which this opinion is founded is put into the mouth of Hamlet’s father : " I could a tail unfold !” That Ham let’s origin was at least humble, appears cer tain from a passage in an ancient poet, in which “ The rude forefathers of the Hamlet" are spoken of.—Ed. Universe,] they were of a high degree of intelligence. The marriage spoken of in the test was a solemn contract entered iuto by man and woman, who each vowed to love, honor, cherish and obey the other so long as life should last. Without this ceremony, the union of the sexes was not legally recognised, and it might be fancied that almost perfect and universal happiness resulted from such a system. But unfortun ately one cannot turn a page of the “ news papers” above mentioned without reading of faithlessness and desertion on the woman’s part, or atrocious cruelty on that of the man; and we are reluctantly forced to conclude that our forefathers had little respect for their oaths or for their moral obligations—a disregard which was fostered and encour aged by the “ Divorce Courts,” which per mitted the breaking of the marriage vows and the formation of new ties. There is another matter to which we desire to call attention. In each succeeding legend all the foregoing legends are recapitulated. Thus, the fifth legend reads : “ This is the Rat that gnawed the Rope that tied the Sack that held the Malt that lay in the House that Jack built.” It is remarkable how continu ally this constant reiteration occurs in the writings of the ancients. In their day space and time had not yet been auuihilated, and “ newspapers,” or daily records of the world’s doings, was a necessity. Many of these are to be found in the International Museum, and one may read column upon column, and issuo upon issue, in which the same idea is repeated again and again in more or less similar language, until one becomes sick of the tautological verbosity. There are to be found, it is true, plenty of long articles in which no idea at all is discoverable; but even these, we think, are preferable to the constant harping upon one threadbare string which is the characteristic of so many of the “newspapers” of our simple ances The penultimate stanza speaks of “The Cock that crowed in the morn, And waked the priest all shaven and shorn.” This, we think, must be understood figuratively ; for the bird in the illustration, to which, we presume, the word “ Cock” applies, re sembles no living creature on the lace of the earth. Like the mythical “ Phoenix” which was symbolical of immortality, the “ Cock” is probably meant to signify the conscience of the Priest, which troubled him for having united the forlorn maiden to a gentleman in such embarrassed circumstances that his tailor had evidently withdrawn his confi dence. This theory is supported by a line in another ancient poem: “Hide a Cock horse to Banbury Cross.” Now, Banbury Cross, we know, was a shrine to which pil grims came from great distances; and the meaning plainly is, “ Make a mental pil grimage, induced thereto by an awakening conscience, ‘ Banbury Cross.’ ” And how this came about is evident from the narra tive of Peter, the first Pope, whose dor mant conscience was, we are told, aroused by the crowing of a “Cock.” Thus, too, Shakespeare makes the return of the Ghost of Hamlet's Father to the realms of torture dependent on the crowing of a cock, the figurative meaning being again apparent. The last picture represents ‘ ‘ The Farmer who sowed the corn.” He is an immense, stout, ruddy man, and presents a great con trast to the Farmer of our own day, who is usually a pale student, sitting in his labora tory, and thoughtfully touching electric knobs to turn on rain or sunshine ; to start the sowing, or the ploughing, or the reaping automaton, or to record the despatch or ar rival of his aerial vessels in all parts of the ^ A few words upon another point, and we close our notice of this admirable work. How beautiful is the simplicity of the lan guage employed I How clear and lucid the expression of each thought! How graphic the plain, unvarnished tale ! “This is the Dog that worried the Cat that killed the Rat that gnawed the Rope that tied the Sack that held the Malt that lay in the House that Jack built.” How different would an author of our own day have treated the sub “ The Cow with the- crumpled horn”—a most picturesque phrase—would havebecome “the Vaccine Animal with the tortuous frontal appendage;” and “the Priest all shaven and shorn"—we seem to behold the man as we read the graphic words —would have been ruthlessly converted into a “ Ton sured Ecclesiastic,” or something worse. If the study of the artless and beautiful narra tive to which we call attention in this article shall at all influence our writers to greater simplicity and lucidity of style, we shall be amply repaid for the trouble we have taken, and shall bless the hour in which the dust of ages was brushed from the cover of “ The House that Jack built.”—Texas Siftings. -Texas Siftings. 