"DER ERLKONIG."' By MLUsscE J. BLOUe.. Psssrv A-E V.SIE WESTO liad just finished that lovely song "Der Erlkonig." ' The " Thank Yous" and " 0 how Lovelys" had been murmured in the tones of rapture usual on such occasions, and had been more or less blushingly received, when somehow, by one of those strange turns which no one can account for, the conversation drifted to the subject of Imagination and the effect it has on actions, and from that to Conscience. There were a dozen of us in the room, a friend and myself staying. with. Mr. Weston, a few ladies and gentlemen who had just dropped in to spend the evening, and the family. The discussion became general, and every one had some opinion to advance. As the subjects are necessarily vague, in about ten minutes we had exhausted all we did know about them ; and then, as somebody says, we soared into the free and boundless realm of what we did not know. " We argued high, we argued low; we also argued round about us,': and as every one had a different theory on the question in hand, and the ones with the most unreasonable idea were the most vehement in expressing them, we were very far from arriving at a satisfactory conclusion. At last after many arguments on all sides, Will Smith was demonstrating forcibly to his own very evident satisfaction that imagina tion is nothing in the world but disordered digestion, and conscience' synonymous with inactive liver, and that a judicious course of exercise, vichy water, abstinence from tea and other exciting beverages, would enable a man to walk through a graveyard at mid night without taking a cow for a ghost-the advantage of which is obvious- or enable him to run a man through, rob a bank, misma nage railways, or break the whole decalogue without feeling any of those uncomfortable prickings known as the pangs of conscience, the advantages to which, to the world at large, are not quite so obvious. Just then old Mr. Linton, who had listened with an attention very flattering to the speakers, drew his chair forward from the corner where he had been sitting quietly all the evening, and said:-" I am sorry that I cannot agree with you, Mr. Smith. I am an old man now. Perhaps if I had been born in an "advanced age" an advantage which you possess, I might have held your views, but as it is I am old-fashioned enough to be. lieve that conscience has been divinely im planted in our breasts for our guidance, and .that imagination is a distinctive faculty of mind or brain-it is difficult to determine which-capable of greatly ennobling us if it is properly regulated. But in the regulation of it lies the difficulty. The song Annie sang a little while ago, and the recent conversation, call to any remembrance a rather peculiar incident which has some bearing on the subject that we have all been speaking about. I say it is peculiar not because there is any thing very strange about it, but because it is uncommon. I think I heard of a similar ease before, but this is the only one that came under my own observation." The old gentleman paused, and amid mur murs of "go on please," he continued: "Eight years ago when I was living at Berunga I was a magistrate there. My' surgery and dispensary were in the township, but our dwelling-house, which had plenty of land attached, was on the Sandhurst road, about two miles and a half from Berunga. I generally returned home about six, and my son who was my partner, re mained at the surgery. I had just come home one evening, and was dressing for deiner, when the door-bell rang, and Jane, the house-" maid, informed me that a gentleman wished to speak to me. " Some patient," I thought, " who will ei patiate on his symptoms, ad, nauseam. I wish people would not come at dinner-time. However, there is no help for it.".' Then aloud to the girl: " Tell your mistress not to wait dinner for me, and show the gentleman into the parlor." In a few minutes I entered the room where I had told Jane to show the stranger. " I have not the pleasure--" I began, as he, rose on my entrance. "My name is Henry Harper," :said he quietly, then earnestly and impetuously "You are a magistrate?" I bowed ard waited, feeling very uncom fortable, for M. r Henry Harper was a strange looking man of about fie and thirty, very tall, very thin, deadly pale, with dark hair and unpleasantly piercing black eyes. "You must think it very strange, sir," he said,.'-" but I cannbt-I will not offer any apologies. I did not come here of my own free will. I was impelled to it, driven to it by that which haunts me night and day, waking, sleeping when I can sleep, every where I go and in everything I do. I hear it now. Oh, God, my punishment is more than I can bear I" He nearly shiieked out .the last words, and covering his face with his hands-" Yolbu murt hear the voice," said he, "it is louder than the roar of thunder.", My face must have betrayed my very strong doubts as to his sanity, for he said quietly, almost sadly: "You think that I am mad. I am not. I sometimes wish I were, then at intervals I should believe that the sounds which haunt me areunreal, but no, I am not mad, and I shall hear them till' Idie. I have come to you, asua magistrate, to make a confession, in the hopes of obtaining peace from Heaven, and enjoying a moment's respite from the horror that hangs over my life." . : Here he spoke quite collectedly, and not at all like a madman.. '!You look ill; .let me feel your pulse. I am a doctor," said I. He did look ill, very ill. I felt his pulse. It was-perfectly regular and normal, not at all feverish. His hand was very cold, but not uinnaturally so; his eyes, too,' though so peculiar and piercing, had nothing of that wild, shifty and uncertain gaze of a madman. They were merely the eyes of a 'person suffering great mental anxiety. In his whole bearing, however, there was a most extraordinary expression, one that I never-never saw before or since, and which I could not define for some time. As he turned his head while the hall clock, a veryloud one, struck seven, the attitude gave me a key to the expression, it was that of listeninrg, never ceasing listening, as if every limb and muscle and nerve were employed in it continually. The whole expression of face and body was a concentration of the power of all-absorbing listening. But as far as my medical experience could show, he was sane enough. However, I heartily wished that he would make haste with what he had to say, and go. I felt I could speed this parting'guest with a great deal of pleasure. Although I was anything but an imagina tive man-rather matter-of-fact than other wise-I felt there was, as the Scotch say, something " uncanny " about my visitor. He went on. * It was anbvilday that I ever left England. I was an only son. My father, and I quar relled so violently that I left home that night, and England the next day. This was ten years ago. My poor mother, it broke her heart. I killed her with my violence and evil temper. I stabbed her to the heart as certainly as thoigh I habd used a weapon. I landed in Melbourne, and as the gold fever was still lingering about, I joined several dthes who were going to the Berunga SIn the course of a few months those with whom I had originally come to Berunga all left, and I settled doan with a young fellow whose acquaintance I formed there. He seemed to be quite alone. So was I. And mutually attracted, we became "mates." Frarhnk Glynn was a handsome fellow, and so amiable anid clever, I never could under. derstand why he remained hidden at Berunga. I suppose it was family disagreements. He had a splendid voice, and, what was rather strange in those days and in such a place, it was nearly always Gernman songs he sang Ah, I loved him then l" My visitor had taken a seat while saying this, and spoke in such a contained, self possessed way, and as there seemed to be nothing very startling in what he was telling, I-settled down half expecting to hear rather a prosy story; but still the listening-the in tensely listening air, the earnest blackeyes, and the ghastliness of the face seemed at variance with the calm voice, and made me feel nervous every time I looked at him. Suddenly he started up, and continued ex citedly this time: "I must hasten. It is driving me on. Ah, if I could but close my ears and brain for one moment i" "I hear nothing," said I; "the night is very still, and the house is quiet." "No one but a cursed wretch like me cap hear it," he said. "I hear it always, perhapsif you had taken another's life you would hear something like it too, but pray Heaven you never may. Frank Glynn and I were lucky, and 'going to leave Berunga. He had never liked it, and I had come to loathe the place. We were going to start very early one morn ing, walk to Sandhurst, and catch the even ing coach. It was not far, five and twenty miles. We spent our last evening at Clarke's.' Jem Clarke was the keeper of the little store. He had a daughter so handsome, so made to be loved that I cannot think of her calmly now. Her father had left England thinking to make a fortnne quickly out here, and had brought his daughter with him. She was well educated, and could sing like an angel. Frank often went to their place in the evenings, and while she sang he accompanied her on the violin, or joined her in what she was singing. I went too sometimes, but not often. It maddened me to see them together. I even hated to hear them sing, lovely as their voices were. Frank Glynn loved her, so did I. I did more, I worshipped her, reverenced her, I do so now, but I began by degrees to hate him. Strange, that love of one person should make us hate another. That last evening they sang together, and I saw that she cared for him above everyone else in the world. They sang on, saying it would be their last evening for a long time, but I heard Frank whisper "I will be back again soon, and then--"' I could not hear the rest. But I saw her look happy, and she smiled so brightly'at his words that for a mo ment I nearly hated her,. The last song they sang was " Der'Erllonig," the favorite with both of them. .They,sang it as if their souls 'were in it.' ' We wished Mr. and Mrs. Clarke and Nellie "goodd bye;" and told them they need not expect to see us again before we left as we were going very early in the morning, before anyone else was stirring. "You are going early," sad Mrs. Clarke. "Yes," replied Frank, "we wish to get well on our ourney before the heat of the day commences.? ' . "Avery good plan; " said she; asid then we"wished good night, and "Gbod byes" SGood bye, Mrs.'Clarke, you will hiar from me soon," shouted Frank in a tone intended for' theears of: Nellie, who stood in the back groinds . '. We walked on isilently, our way'was natrack through deserted claims. Our hut was, for the whole district has altered very little, near where your house now stands. It was rather a dark night, the moon was in her second quarter, but the sky was so overcast that her light was scarcely visible. We walked on slowly and cautiously, for there were abandoned shafts on each side of us, that we might very easily walk into, and silently'because he was thinking of. the girl he loved, and because I would not trust my self to speak. I loved her so, and hated him because he did so too and she retuned it, The few words we did speak were not plea sant ones, for I determined to quarrel with him, and a man determined to pick a quarrel can always find some pretext ready. At last as we neared our hut, the rage and jealousy burst forth, words ran fast and fu rious, I cursed him, then came a calm-the lull in a storm. He, as if unconsciously, began to hum the last few bars of "Der Erlkonig." Oh' un happy chance I the sound angered me, roused the worst passions in my nature, and recalled so vividly the sight of her face as she looked while singing that, looked with eyes full of love and admiration for him. " I think some demon must have possessed me, I am sure a man in his right mind could not have done as I did.' I mist have been mad then, though I am not now. I do' not know what I said, but I struck him I struck him down I coward and madman that I was, and bhe fell." We had been standing, and the fact had been quite unnoticed by either of us, on the brink of an old and very deep q'haft, down which it would be certain death to fall. He fell, he was stunned, and for one moment the moon shone out to show me the white face and clenched hands. He fell. Some earth that his fall-had loosened, fell to the bottom with a light sprinkling sound, then a stone or two, with a sharp, quick noise, then the dull heavy thud which sounded so', dead that it made my heart stop. It must'hare been a deep shaft, as deep as the bottomless pit I think, for years seemed to pass between the first sound of the gravel, then the stones, then the body. All the horrors of my posi tion, all the greatness of my crimecame,before me a hundred tinmes, and each time more in tensely than before, in those intervals, till my brain and heart seemed filled with burning blood. As the echo died away, I fled from the spot, fled with the brand of Cain on my brow, and as if the "Avenger of blood" were 'at my heels. At I fled Ihearda asound, as first very'faint, like the eho, of an echb; then louder till it swelled into a shioit. ' Was it madness ? Was I guiltless ','Had I dreamt the sight of that ghastly face, and that awful.falling sound? Was he alive? The tune was "Der Erlkonig," and the voice Frank Glynn's, am I had heard it last. , For a moment I felt such delight, as a lost spirit suddenly restored to bliss must feel- He lived then I For one moment I felt this-the next, I felt surely, and the agony of it was terrible, that that was the voice of no living man, 'and that I should hear it for ever that; it would haunt me night and day, and sound my knell in death. ` I rushed on. I never knew how I reached Melbourne, but I did. I was ill. That tune and voice' ever sounded in my ears. How I longed to die to escape from it. I had a little money on my person, and some good Samaritan took care of me. Accidentally I saw an advertisement in a newspaper entreating me to return home, as my mother was dying, and all should be for given. I went, and by the time I reached England my mother was dead. My father forgave me, wondered what was the matter with me, pitied me; poor old man. Thought it was grief at mymother's death. Ah, could he have only known. Could he have heard that voice. What would have been his thought? I often wondered at first, people never did hear that sound. It was so He died in a year or two, and I succeeded to the prosperity, but what good could that or anything else do me with that voice daily growing louder and louder in my ears. It never ceased. How I would have prayed if a murderer had dared to pray that the voice would cease but for one moment. I tried to do good. Gave my money to the poor, built hospitals and schools, but of no avail. That voice drove me from my home. I sold off everything, and wandered everywhere where there was danger, wishing to die, longing to die. I would have killed myself but for the awful thought that if I did, and : so shortened my penance here, that voice would be eternaL That tune always the same as when I last heard from the lips of a living man impelled me to Victoria, anh. drove me here, for on r what is now your land is the shaft where I deprived a fellow creature'of life !' and it-is · , :· ; rightIshould give my self up to justiea here." I did hot know what to say, so I silently 6bowed mylihead. "I give myself up to Justice,". said he. " Will you search'for the body. Will you, as a magistrate, arrest me for murder, so that I may pay the penalty of my crime, which is what that.voice has" been haunting me for, w'hich it had driven me from the other end of the world for." He was shaking with agitation, his lips .were livid, and he trembled as though he would fall. "You make a most serious charge against yourself," said I. "To- morrow I will have the shaft you mentioned searched, and, of course, I must do my duty, unpleasant though it will be it the facts are as you state. But I am deeply sorry for you." "I thank you," said he, "and will yboido me a very great favor? Do you know" and here his voice trembled--"anything of her-Nellie Clarke?" "Yes," said I. "Just when I came here two years after you left apparently, she was married, and I heard at the time somethinw about a roman tic lover, Frank Glynn, who left the place with a friend, promising to come back, but who did not. Jilted her the people about said. However, people came and went in very strange ways in those times, so nobody thought anything about it but Nelly Clarke perhaps. Poor thing, she has had her troubles. She has had very ill health. I have visited her professionally. She always looks to me like one mourning for the dead. I think her marriage was her parents' doings. Her husband is poor enough. He broke his leg a month or two ago. There are several little children, and they are all in great poverty. Poor little woman I" My visitor looked fearfully agitated for a moment, and then said : "Doctor, I give you this cheque for her (it was one for two thousand pounds) give it to her after-well you know what-and heie is another cheque which I beg you will cash and distribute amongst the charitable insti tutions and among any poor that need it." "I shall be very happy," said I, " to do as you wish, but as your crime was not inten. tional, I trust you will be able to be almoner of your own bounty." "And now," said he, " will you take my statement down and get it witnessed?" "There is no necessity," said I. . "I beg you will, said he, "it will ease my mind so." What could I do. The manner of the man was so strange, everything was so strange. So I took down his statement. He signed Henry Harper in a trembling hand. Then I signed, and called in a man who worked about the place to sign as witness. When that was finished I was astonished to see the alteration in my visitor. He looked calm. even happy, if such a ghastly face could express happiness. " Thank God, said he, "I can breathe, the voice is silent. I have confessed, and will pay the penalty. The spirit is appeased. I can breathe. I can live. I feel, I know siow I shall never hear that voice again till it brings me the last summons I shall ever hear in this world, when next I hear it must answer to it beyond the grave." The wonderful expression of his face chained me. 'I could not speak for a minute or two, at-last Insaid, ". Will you stay with me to-night?" : ' - ': "I will" he'answeed" and if'the thanks 'of a man like'nie are any good take them for your kindness."' "Will you'come and haveso~me dinier" said I.' .. . S:' Pray exdises m'n if I decline, I want no thing, thank you." :I showed him to a roomlt forced him to take somei wine, h~e would take no food, and left'him. " " I' went anid' liadmy dinner, chattried with my 'ife about Henry Harper, and we both agreed that hewasto be pitied, and that his st~y was peceliar.: ' :' ?" Poor fellow," said my wife, he is greatly to be pitied, I think the voicehe'speaks of must be theefects'of 'a heated imagination acting on'his conscience. " I' cannot tell," said I, " the voice to him is very real." In the morning I went myself to Mr. Harper's bedroom, I knocked loudly at his door, no answer, knocked again, called loudly, still no reply: .I opened the door and walked in. He was sitting on a chair by the bedside in a listening attitude, with 'a smile on his face-quite dead. 'He hadbeeii dead for some hours. The bed was untouched. He had evidently sat down the evening before and had never risen. 'Had he inr the dead stillness of the night heard that voice which this time brought his summons? Had the voice this timebrought him newsof rest after such a troubled life ? and had he answered cheerfully to that signal of release with the smile that left'its impresson his dead lips? Who can tell? A search was made. The remains of a body were found in an old shaft on my ground, a watch found there, when cleaned I had on it the initials F.G. I found Nellie Clarke, gave her the' money, and distributed the rest. ",.The old'gentleman ceasedd, the company were silent for a moment, then said Annie " That was not imagination Mr. Linton, that voice was ' real one to him."" ' Yes I" said Tom Smith and several others. S '' Ta En. 