MA NSFIELD.. (FRO3I'OUR OWN COIRRESPONDENT.)' The anniversary of IIer Manjesty's Birthday passed off here without any thing approaching to festivity. The dlay was cold, wet, and miserable, but;; several. parties went out coursing in, different directions, and returned in the afternoon with about 25 hares. The Doon people had a coursing match likcr- wise,.and managed to bag thirty hares,. Afterwards they had a ball in the scihoolhouse,Iwhich was very well at tended- Dancing was kept ulp until the small hours, andl everybody seemed well pleased with their night's amuse- meat, which was of course satisfactory. We had a fire eating, magic perform ing ventriloquist here last week named HIslop, who seemed to amuse the slpec tators very much. I dare say that you have seen him in Alexandra-. For my: own part, having seen conjurors ever since I was horn, I. am. beginning to. tire of them now.. There is very little news stirring in this township just now. Mr Wood, of the. Commercial hotel,. is building . skittle alloy, andl Mr May, of the Mans field hotel, is going to add a balcony to. the front of the hotel,.but items of that description, are- not likely, to. interest your. renders, and I am, only sorry that: .I have not a horrible murder,. or some. :other startling and interesting intelli gence" to communicate, but. the people here never think of doing such. things,. they are not ambitious of notoriety. I regret to state, which mnakes this a very slow place.. You are better off in that respect than we are, for the pdople of Alexandra do sometimes fracture each others lirbs, and scald eacti other with boiling water. A wild dog was poisoned in Mansfiehl township a few days ago, and afterwards skinned. But the dog did not corns hero of its own accordI, it was fetched in. a state of captivity, and poisoned. owing. to its partiality for poultry.. AMr Smallman, who, by tlhe way is a. very large man, late clerk of courts at. Jamieson,. passed through this place on his way to Heidelberg.. It is a stlph of promotion for him and one whiche ho deserves, for he was much liked at ..lamie eon, where he has resi led for imany years. The great amount of sickness which has prevailed for a long time in the vicinity of Mansfield, particularly armong children, is now, I am happy to say, rapidly on the decline. A few weeksl ago you could scarcely enter a house without being told by an afflicted mother that Jack, or Tom. or Kate, or Lizzy had the mumps, or some other sickness. But now they seem to be getting rid of their ailment, which is a good job. Two elderly matrons, whose husbands are often absent from home, were lately nearly frightened out of their wits in the following 'manner. Towards night tall they were together in the bush, when they were suddenly startled by a dreadful soun4, which seemed to their terrified imagination to be a supernatural voice calling out to them. They listened for a while, when the sound was repeated, upon which the frightened pair dropped upon their knees and prayed with zeal and fervor. But on the voice being repeated, the elder of the pair, not being able to stand it any longer, started to her feet and fled into her hut with the speed of a whirlwind. The remaining old lady was paralysed with terror for some time, but on recovering, she darted after her companion. But the door of the hut was now bolted, and her entrea ties to obtain admission were only answered by the exhortation of her friend to " begone in heaven's name and leave her in peace'" Her mate had mistaken her for the ghost. By and by, however, the elder lady recognised her friend's voice and admitted her. Shortly after wards it was discovered that the supposed evil spirit was a forlorn calf lamenting the absence of its lost mother. Some of the Mansfield pe 'ple are collecting goods just now from all who will give anything, to be afterwards sold by auction for the benefit of the hospital, which, it sees.n, is in debt at present, and indeed it is very seldom out of it. But people very seldom refuse to sub. scribe to an hospital. One old lady told me that she always subscribed to an hospital, but never to a church. I en quired her reason and she replied that clergyman were far too greedy, that they were always " cadging" lltney, and that it was always for their own benlit whoa they did so. It was either to in crease their salaries, or to improve their dwellings, or to support the expense of Iteeping a pair of buggy horses, or to embellish their churches, and that for these reasons shei declined to subscribe. After all there may be truth in what the old lady said. A friend of mine tells me that lie dined lately with a newly married couple, and that the bride is 79, and the bridle groom 86 years of age. He says that lie never saw a Imoro loving couple, but I wonder how long their love will last. Theirs will be a very peaceful household, for I fancy that they will not be troubled with a very large family. At least I tl:ink that the chances are decidedly against it. My friend ," Chips," is still abusing " Billy," as lie calls him, and myself. I saw him taking a pleasure on the Qu'een's Birthday, along with his wife and the olive branches. The trap ltht he was driving lie borrowed frn m the gentleman who lie used, not so long ago, to call Sospy Sar.lir.es. It is a very strange world that we live in, and there are some very queer fish in it. Now "Chips" is a remarkably queer specimen. To be fighting; with people one day, and embracing tlem on the next wats cer. tainly the fashion with one cluss of people. But the membhe.s who formed that class were tinkers, and not ladies and gentiaman. I do not know any thing about " Chips' " pedigree, but I thinkl that he must have lived not very far from that sort of society in his younger days. 