The Gift of the Spirit. BY THE EEY. THEODOEE L. CUYLEE, D.D. The opening work of this year witnesses a concert of prayer every day throughout Christendom. This " week of prayer," which is now so widely observed, owes its origin to the suggestion of Dr. Morrison and the Rev. Mr. Newton, of the " Loodiana Presbytery," in Northern India. The original purpose of the service, as set forth by those missionaries, was to pray that " the Holy Spirit may be poured out upon all flesh." It contemplated no more than this; but in this it aimed to secure the most vital and precious gift that could be bestowed from Heaven. There was no presumption in this, for our Lord had promised this glorious gift to those that seek aright, and declared that "your Heavenly Father will give the Holy Spirit to them that ash it." When we pray for the Holy Spirit understandingly, we do not ask for a mere influence. We ask for the presence and power of a Person, the third Person of the Divine Trinity, who possesses the attributes of personality as completely as Jesus Christ did when He assumed the human form. The Holy Spirit—we may say it with profoundest reverence—is the executive of the Godhead. Through Him the efficiency of the Godhead upon human souls is exercised. He is the revealer of all vital and needful truth. He is the author of that wonderful Word whose penmen He inspired. Is my Bible a light unto my feet and a lamp unto my path P He kindled the lamp. The Holy Spirit gives me discernment to apprehend aright the great truths of that Word of Life. He convicts every sinner of his guilt and danger who is genuinely convicted and brought to true repentance. The moBt powerful sermon of a Whitfield or a Spurgeon .* r » * i' <M i' would not move one solitary sinner one inch toward Heaven without the agency of the Holy Spirit. When the Apostle addressed his fellow-Christians, he said to them : " You hath He quickened"—i.e., to you hath He given life from the dead. If I am a Christian, with any power for good in this world and any hope of glory in the next, it is because the Divine Spirit regenerated me. To Him I owe my new birth, just as veritably (though not in the same way) that I owe my natural birth to my parents. In my hours of conflict and sore trial, He is my Comforter. If He dwells within me, then I possess peace, and submission to God, and fervent love to my fellow-men, and patience and every other needful and beautiful grace. Without Him I am nothing; with Him I have power. All this being true, can there be any object of prayer that is even comparable to this gift of the Spirit of God ? Not only for the opening week of the year, but through its every week the foremost request for all of UB should be: "GEANT UNTO US THY HOLY SPIRIT !" The New Testament teaches us that the only two agents that are to bring this sin-smitten world back to God are the Holy Spirit and the Christian Church; but the Church without the Spirit is as utterly powerless to move itself or move others as a locomotive is to propel a train until a flame is kindled under its boiler. Here lies the secret of the inefficiency that so painfully affects and cripples our pulpits and our churches. Here lies the real cause of the lamentable lack of conversions which is now so much commented on in every quarter. We do not read that one of Christ's Apostles ever converted a single soul until the gift of the Spirit had been granted ; but when Peter (who had been reconverted himself) received the power from on high, he brought three thousand to Christ by one discourse! That master workman in the salvation of souls, Charles G. Finney, acknowledged that sometimes his preaching was as useless as sounding brass; and the reason was that he relied on himself, and not on the Almighty Spirit. Then came what he called a " breaking down before God," when he renounced sin and self-reliance, and cried out for a fresh baptism of power from on high. When he became filled with the Spirit, the weight of his spear was a weaver's beam and his words were clothed with thunder. This was in the direct line of Scripture injunction and experience. The command to the apostolic Christians was : " Be ye filled with the Spirit." Two bodies cannot occupy the same space at the same time, and, if our hearts are filled with the Spirit of God, there is no room for the greedy and godleBS world. Unbelief flees away, like the darkness at the coming of the dawn. Every grace thrives and grows. We are inspired with tender sympathy for others and become intensely solicitous for those who are living without God and dying without hope. When we are filled with the Spirit, we do not need to be drummed or scolded to a prayer-service, or to be baited to God's house by some prodigy in the pulpit or some novelty that piques curiosity. When filled with the Spirit, the purse opens easily at the touch of charity, the tongue is unloosed to speak for Christ, and what we say and what we do is attended with a supernatural power. To be filled with the Spirit is a revival. At this moment this wonder-working Spirit of God, on whom our very lives depend, is absolutely "grieved " away and "quenched" in too many of our churches. " Ye do resist the Holy Ghost" is the tremendous indictment that lies against many a pastor and church now cursed with barrenness. Such churches, by quenching the heavenly fire, become like an ice-field of Siberia. The one hope and the only possible hope of all such Christians is in a fresh outpouring of the Holy Spirit. This must be sought. A few persons in every church may inaugurate a new state of things, by putting themselves in the right posture before God. There may be a genuine and soul-renewing revival in any church, if only a few persons honestly, humbly, and earnestly prepare the way. There must be a clearing-out before there is a filling-up ; a breaking-down before God, before there is a building-up into new dimensions and beauty. When even three or four penitent Christians thirst for the Holy Spirit, and cry out for Him, and make room for Him, He will hear the prayer of faith and come. When the sun comes, then comes the morning. The gift of the Holy Spirit is (since Calvary) the mightiest, richest, holiest, and most unspeakably precious gift that the Godhead can bestow. It is within our reach to-day. Shall we have it ? And, having it, keep it! 