FROM TUB-CAPITOL. [By due Goose. 1 There seem? t.n be a surt --f relief that Mr Tarletun has again taken possession of the bench. Everyone has confidence ; nfter .all, there is eomething sound in the ring of'the voice and opinions of an English gentleman. This without reflection oncthe gentleman who has kent his seat warm. Cabbies und all that I «ort of [leojile, who must Unavoidably oome .into contact with /the ??Goiirt, all vpeak out- 1 straight for Mr Tarleton, and even let-his decision be against 'thenvare satisfied. They have the full belief that they have had justice. Of; course if false sworn evidence Has been tendered the magistrate can't help that. And when on that subject, another man of a different class and another sort of calibre seams to have given implicit confidence to all , those who may 'have little affairs with 'the'! authorities. That is Alderman Brownell — a man who speaks out plainly; who makes no. secret - of his dislUte: to diinlc, ' Jbad language, irreligion ; and yet canvass the parish, ask cabman, police, and All sorts who may come into collision with rules aud regulations, and they are satisfied that he -will do justice. Some people are simply astounded at the Licensing Bench's decision on John Russell's license. Some are surprised' at nothing. They take things, dear sir, with a lofty insoutdatice that nothing in this 'subloonairylepear' can astonish. And the granting of that license is one. The law was not complied with, and yet the license is granted. There are just now -things passing that interest many. One lot is the : -excitement amongst those - beginning the worldly, fight as to ? educational prizes.'- The .-other. ' affects maturer heads — old boys who have, seen .a Melbourne ghost or two. . It is the question of the Oity VAtuncil granting a concession to a tramway syndicate. There, that means money, young ones. ISven in these duel times and in melancholy | mood, it brings a grin to people's faces ayftl even to some of the victims to note the peculiar expression in a West Coaster's face' as he replies to prying- enquiries on the Orient qnes tion, its lodes, its machines, its extravagance, and its grotesque failure / 'Child of the West,' was jsaid to him, ' Thou comest whence they find the tin From Heemskirk famed for stanny lodes And companies in various modes. \ Thou'st seen the veins in Orient great, In porphyry, granite, sandstone, slate ; Thy eyes have viewed the watery dams, The cuttings, sidings, rails, and trams. Perhaps thou'st seen the stampers great To smash the ore with ponderous weight ; Thou uiay'st have viewed tbejiuddles there, « And machinery meant the tin to snare, j. Thine eyes may've seen the twelve per cent, As some one said the tin stone went j - ' - And now the 6 tone, is smashed to rats— | Ine Wake held brings eleven bags'. Do tell us child what docsitmean ? Couldn't the boys get up the steam ? Has the tin escaped in slime? . Tell us the truth in prose or rhyme. ' Don't make me laugh,' the infant said, You're trying chaff— rough ground to tread — Know that we miners, one and all, Must help each other, great and smalL But since thou asks me for the truth, In few short words— I will, forsooth : These reign supreme, Tre, Pol, and Pen, Who know of Tin the where and when. And won't allow either Scot or Greek, On Tinny matters 'to have a squeak ; Country, winzes, walls, backs, and dips, - Like prayers roll from off their lips. Many a man nowon the coast, Who thought he knew as much asmost, Said of tin the lodes were very bare, ' ' But Tre, Pol, and the Pen at him did stare. iroKAL. Taint every day you -catch a whale, . Uor every season get a crop; A guinea a day is not bad pay, To find Directors in a sop. Some men have had a good old time, While softies paid their calls in coin ; 'Kb -only one more on the roll — A rotten putfed-up mine. The next subject is, what iB the Anehor grong to do? -Should that follow the Somes, Orients, Full Moons, Tasmauias — whew ! King Hiver is a golden monopoly. Mr Hood and his myrmidoms have grabbed every section around the prospectors^ and beyond that there 's no sign, at least, so one is told. ,- Things are queer in N.Z. The last Yianp.rn show even the undertaking trade to have gone under. People won't die, or the survivprs won't bup' them; perhaps cremation has come into fashion. Any way, the sheriff advertises hearees, and plumes, carriages aud horses, .and all the embellishments that eilly relatives hide in the earth n ith our dear departeds. A country must be in queer street when Dismal Jimmy can't make edde meet. And, when on tie lively subject, experts in the line say, that 'the most beautifullest koffin as ever wos, was put under the soil of Cornelian Bay lately, -It was a most gotgeous affair of polished English oak, with every ornament to match, was made in Melbourne, and nothing to compare with it has previously been seen in Hobart. The out-posts of the Salvation Army have appeared in the form of the 'War Cry,' and: for good or evil, the body will follow. As it were in advances of the special converting body some special power has during the last few months been effecting clumges. One individual well-known as a sport, interested in nothing but the odds and crib, peds and trotting matches, row poses as 'Safe in the arms,' and on all occassions makes special reference to his | Bafety. Others of the same kidney are also mentioned. A most-respected pawnbroker is notified as having died at Emerald Hill, and it is specially mentioned that 'His end was peace.' His ways were .hard when people asked Their goods to please release ; God took a milder view than be, And let him go in peace. There is consternation amongst the tribe of Moriarty. People are actually jibbing against ill-usage and untruth. The veneer is almost gone, and were a few gentlemen of independent mind, such as Alderman Brownell, called upon by Government to make enquiries, and call, as the phrase goes, for persons and papers., the result would be what Shakespeare calls an eye opener. That is, going on what one hears at every street corner. And it is certain that were signatures called for to a testimonial to the notorious Mulrooney, the thing called a detective, it would be largely responded to — .for his dismissal. \- _ A returned King River man says somebody, is putting up a licensed grog shanty at Macquarie; but he- added that the day is gone by for that, the mining man now thinks be has & right to some accommodation. The rough and ready epoch is passing away. That divorce business reads a fearful lesson. By all means trust Anna. Maria and Mary -Jane. They will turn out dumb as oysters, and also make friends with, and associate with policemen and detective, and then, dear bay, with age and matrimonial differences, you will find that, . on demand, these ancient friends, confidant*, and lovers, -have a notebook on hand, that, like the writing on the wall, strikes terror. Talk about the Mercury not fmblishing the evidence, why, it was one of the best educational and moral lessons that young people could get hold of. It read the lesson of trusting no one in immoral matters, and, better still, not to be immoral. That is philosophy... Do you understand that, father aud cuibcmo ! Andyou cui bona? Is the vernacular above you?. Everyone can't buy a sixpenny Collin's dictionary. - It happened thus— Two of those kindly ladies, Sisters of Mercy, whom everybody respects, however they may differ in dogma, were walking at their usual active pace with umbrellas over head, ; when lo ! tan irreverant wind, coming fair up from the river to Bad ley's, caught one of the instruments, and, in what is termed the twinkling of a bedpost, re /ersed its shape. The lady did her tiestto i get the wind to be accommodating and again return it to its forn, but - boreas would'ntbe* coaxed. T .-The ladies proceeded, one with the usual form of umbrella, the other with an enormity overhead, cocked like a mauo'wars man's best straw hat. Some little boys were amused, some young persons giggled, some old swells pulled their grizzly beards, and no one offered to right the machine or lend another. It is a kindly and polite world. If Archibald Forbe's information as to mon archy and princes, and warriors he has met when standing before kings, as Mr Smythe. billed him, is not more exact as to particulars than many of lus remarks on Australasian peo ple and their peculiarities, his reliability is questionable. Mr Forbes speaks authorita tively : about Tasmania, and what doashe know of the country or its people ? One would back many a soft goods drummer,' or here and there an insurance persuader, to wipe Archie-clean out of tbe field in knowledge of the colonies and their people, of every grade. It is upon such meagre information as a day or two's whirling through a colony that books are writ ten.' The books sell, and money is acceptable, and a good name before riches, the book says. Here riches come with a well puffed name. Messrs. GeUibrand, Smith, Pogson, and Co.,i the Tasmauian run holders in New Zealand, -are still having their private arrangements with their dummies and rabbitters delightfully revealed to tho public, and every word is reported. The authorities are not squeamish about things, for they have, in the most inde pendent fashion, cancelled the selections. ' When was Rome built ? ' inquired a competitive examiner. ' In the night, sir ! ' ' la the night ! how do you make that out ?' ' Why, sir, you know Rome wasn't built in a day ! ' 