THE CONTRIBUTOR. RICHARD WAGNER. A [sketch and reminiscences. \X5Y U. XtEIMERS.J When I trace my past to the first impulse of choice of my profession, it was the grand organ with the invisible chorus of boys in the Church, and the thrilling affects of the first opera, which settled me to be a servant in that temple of art which has its pillars on earth and the dome in heaven. The intensi fied power of inspired music, when its me chanical contrivances are hidden from gaze, became a favourite theme of my reflections on the power of sound, and Wagner's ideal of a concealed orchestra in operas found at once my full sympathy. Now I understand my nervousness when appearing on the platform, as if mounting the scaffold. I shrink from being looked upon where the ear Bhould only be open. Fcr readers who seem to feel that there is something in Wagner's demand, I suggest the experiment of seeing a stage performance with all the machinery and hocus-pocus laid bare to view! Fancy Hamlet's ghost solemnly rising from the vasty deep, and that fellow in shirt-sleeves turning him up " with evident effort" and perspiration in the bargain! To be sure Wagner is right, for the sight of a trombonist in full blow, with staring eyes drawiug the tube to full length (his arm being rather short), anticipating a death-stroke to his re putation if missing the target—is not calcu lated to enhance the illusion, although the absence of these sports would rob children of a great share of enjoyment. Nor would I interfere with the taste of many (or all, self included) to enjoy the sight of a pretty singer. To conceal those attractions not absolutely necessary for audible communica tions of talent or even in gestures in a rOle, would be protested against by a good many (not many good) actors, especially by profes sional beauties. I joined in 1847 the Gewandhaus band in lieipzig, where I continued my musical pro gress, and found myself suddenly in a hotbed «f controversy between Mendelssohnism and Schumannism, the literary ringleaders (I got straight into the clique) exacting from me a kind of "confession; but being youthfully in spired bv both, and of somewhat cosmopoli tioal make, I managed to enjoy undisturbed the personal acquaintance with all the stars Mendelssohn was then in England, and re turned to be soon buried. I joined in the imposing funeral — a never-to-be- forgotten sublime event. Wagner was still somewhat outside the musical philosophy in Leipzig, but already the watchword for fierce dis cussion and controversies. My sympathy for his " Tannhauser'' was flashed up then by an enthusiastic friend, who sung and played from that opera in impressive style, but I was not as yet ready for a conversion. In about 1850-511 was called to Diisseldorf, where Schumann followed Mendelssohn as conductor.^ Here I spent the happiest days of my lite in his home, and could study and enjoy this rare musical poet and man in all his features. The group of stars—like Liszt, Joachim, Brahms, &c.;—he had often around him gave plenty of food for art, enjoyment, and instruction. I scarcely remember any allusion to Wagner, who was then stillan exile, but learned that Schumann once fell out with him because Wagner seemed to lower the merits of Mendelssohn's productions and general influence in music. I had to pledge myself to a regular walk with my kind patron every other day, and ou such occasions lie would stop when a sweet nightingale arrested his attention. Then he took his eyeglass, and siniliogly spv luld ing the bird out from among the leaves wouli say, " That little stager knows it better than any of us!" Once He asked me, " Do you read Goethe's "Faust ?"and on expressing my admiration for his stupendous poem, he con tinued, " It is my Bible." He had just then composed this immortal work—a real music of the future. If I divert apparently from my theme it is my, and I believe eveiy student of eminent musicians, attraction to sound the religious bent, and I look forward with keen interest on Wagner's views and senti ments in that direction. I never forgot Schumann's animated reply when I met his belief in the supernatural, by the objection— " Would spirits manifest m so trivial a manner ?" " What!" he replied in agitation, "you advance such an argument? Didn't you scratch before you jilayed the violincello? Wait what this revelation will be, and teach as a generation hence!" He spoke like a prophet! Among the contemporaries of Wagner, Franz Liszt, the untiring champion for his illustrious friend and unsurpassed originator of the modern school of the piano, electrified my whole being (as he did, and does with everybody), and seeing him at the piano at Schumann s house, is one of those romantic re collectiouswhich leavesevery glowing descrip tion of a novel-writer in the shade. "Howdid you like his playing ?" I asked ouee a celebrated painter who was present. " Well," he replied, "Liszt's marvellously enchanting per sonal appearance permits of no undivided attention of us paiaters and sculptors; my eyes were ahead this time !" But to me the most impressive moment of his stupendous mastery over the piano, terrifying by thun , „— ,, , turn, derous rolls and bewitching whisper in tur . I enjoyed myself at Ferd. Hiller s, where he once came with Rubinstein, and felt at his ease. After Hiller. himself a player of the first order, expressed his astonishment simply with the words, "That is God's gift, Liszt joyously pulled off his coat it being a hot summer-day, and said, " Now I am in trim for playing a little!" as if the gigantic previous performance was a mere prelude! Indeed he rose above himself, and Rubinstein replied, almost bewildered, to my ejaculation of surprise, "I am now some years with Liszt, and hear him oftcner than any mortal, and can't grasp that genius, but have to marvel again and again!" Liszt's j ovation when he entered Berlin reminded me of the triumphal receptions of the Romans. J One anecdote I had from Dr. Hiller, who got it direct from Mendelssohn, is worth know ing by every musical reader. Liszt paid a visit to Mendelssohn, who just put the last note to hiB G minor concert, which Liszt played off on the spot in a manner that made Mendelssohn exclaim, " Would that I could play it thus after soundly practising." A few weeks later, perhaps, Liszt would not have played it so matchlessly, for thiB was a characteristic feature of his execution, that he began to upset sometimes the designs of the composer after having no more trouble with reading. Liszt, to whom the greatest difficulties became mere childsplay, longed for fresh excitement in the world of music, and found in Wagner his companion and guide to try for new explora tions ; and surely Wagner owes to him, be sides Bans von Bulow and Hans Richter, much in regard to accelerated success. The defective representations of Wagner's operas which I witnessed at that period re tarded greatly my appreciation, and I used to say among friends that his music is fine for discussing about but not listening to, being little aware how it would take me |by storm in London. The long-winded ups and-downs in the orchestra reminded me of a monster concertina, and, strangely enough, the distinguished theorist Haupt rnann expressed himself similarly. The secret is that Wagner bears no mediocre representation, while the usual operas can stand some neglect fairly well. In about 1857 I settled in Manchester, where I found in Charles Halle and his band the only chance in Englaud to continue my musical further development, being soundly spoilt for rough fare. A young talented musi cian, E. Heclit, also kept my spirits by his never-flagging industry and warm sympathy for Schumann in constant activity, and in about 1S63 (I guess) we started for a holiday trip to Weimar, to join in the great Wagner Festival, where this time not his own but his followers' iiroductions were to be given, besides Liszt's prominent works. Liszt's humoristic allusion to Weimar as the kitchen and experimenting laboratory for new creations vibrated still in my ear when anticipating a rare intellectual feast here, and indeed the kingly reception of guests by the captivating Liszt in his Goethe-rooms was attractive enough, but the agitated crowd of aspiring visitors, the hourly increasing excitement, and activity of the young apostles enlivened the impression that something extraordinary was going off. The highly interesting re hearsals, with Ttlie imposing mastro, Liszt, walking watchful on the stage, commanding the orchestral operations, and Wagner, as judge, in his retired seat—all this produced a constant stir; but I was totally stunned when I saw Hans von Bulow conducting a long work of Liszt in the rehearsals without score, and stopping every now and then to make the erring player count so and so many bars from the letters marked in the parts. This feat of memory puzzled me, and I am bound to believe in his reported ability to write down on the spot any chosen symphony of Beethoven in .full score. The excesses of discords in some attempts of hot youngsters frightened us, and it was interest ing to watch the efforts of "comprehending" on many faces in the audience. I thought, if such is to be the music of the future, then the treat would be the escaping from it! The lively discussions at the lager-beer tableB in the gardens at the intervals we enjoyed as some of the most attractive features in this memorable gathering. <Jnce conversing with some " chiefs" of the band on the unpleasant fact that many good voices were overstrained in the mighty efforts, there slipped a tall figure across the background in melancholy mood. With linger on the lips, our friend informed us that this was one of the pensioned tenors who excelled for a short period in " Tannhauser," but had his voice ruined. I must perforce cut short this epi sode, which ended with a brilliant banquet, and take the reader back to Manchester. Wagner's famous, or, as many would term it (in temper) infamous pamphlet on Judaism in music pained me much, for I counted Jews among my nearest friends, and thought it rude that the arrogant ones of the re markable tribe should be revenged on a most admired and popular composer; but I believe that the spite of fanatical friends did more harm than the pamphlet itself, by exciting ill-feeling beyond the intention of the _ ie author. The Wagner controversies seem to demon strate the great fashionable blunder of attacking only fanaticism aud misguiied enthusiasm on one side, as if haughty op ponents were never guilty of the same error and defect. The first marked impression of Wagner's Sowers of instrumentation I received in Lalle's now perfected band, when the intro duction to Lohengrin" was rendered with all the care of this eminent conductor. The swelling gradually from a mere whisper to the gorgeous display of grandeur, not like Rossini's admired cresccndos, by mere increase of physical force on the same figure, but by successive joining of the different instruments with their peculiar qualities, produces an always imposing effect, and in the highest degree poetical. The cntre-act of the same _ opera, too, prepared me for anticipating nncx-pented results. where perfection permeates all parts and nuances in a Wagner opera. This was realized to me last year in London under Hans Richter's baton. Before joining his orchestra I went as listener to the per formances of the Nibelungen cycle by another German troupe. 1 took no text book in hand in order to receive direct impressions, and the bewitching play of instrumental colouring fascinated me at once in the first scene of "Rheingold." In the course of the cycle I found theview of some eminent artists—that the beauties in Wagner are often enjoyed after long tedious phrases —rather confirmed, but held my judg ment in suspense until I would follow every word along with the music. This final test told most convinc ingly in his incomparable "Meistersinger," in which work I feel inclined to defend every note as that of a master- composition. This unique opera fascinated me from beginning to the last in spite of its enormous length. In "Tristan and Isolde," the scene where the poisoned cup is secretly transformed into an elixir of love, the gradually awakening of passion in the lovers is expressed by thrilling passages which cannot be described by words. The culmination of ecstacy is suggestive of jealous gods, who are preparing a tragical end. Only 8hakepcare's "Romeo and Juliet" can stand with it in the sister art. " Lohen grin" and "Tannhauser'oxieued other vistasof Wagner's immense field, which in the most popular "Flying Dutchman" extends into the ghostly lore with surprising dimensions and overwhelming effects of awe. I felt at times perfectly bewildered how to account for cfleets which seemed to open new channels of hitherto unknown sensations, and in parting from Europe the sepa ration from further chances of studying these remarkable works was the bitterest of my griefs and sorrows; and parting now from my attempt to give some slight idea of this great mind's mission causes a sigh of regret because of my humble power to do justice. I could write volumes on each of these operas if their impression on my mind could raise adequate powers of describing and analyzing. If I seem to be a rather enthusiastic admirer, 1 may state' that some years of comparative inactivity in my profession made me more receptive for new impressions; but, on the other hand, as a test of his genius, I must add that I was, by a cruel turn of fate, in a mental condition where no hope could enter from without, and still this great mind forced his ingress, hearing, and consolation. Looking back after six months — partly of sea voyage, partly of spending a re tired life with dear relatives — on these unexpected experiences in a realm where I boasted to have already enjoyed the best and grandest, the question engaged my reflection —Is Wagner indeed an addition to the great original composers, or has he only expanded with giant arms the already prepared basis ? Let us cast a glance at the great trias—Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, Wagner requires a text, an inspiring dramatic subject, a stage, but theBe masters send their musical ideas to all parts of the world by their volumes of simple sonatas. A sheet of paper, five lines, and a pot of ink they call for, and all the world rejoices in their gifts. Then they enrich their store by delightful string quartettes and other chamber music, and inexhaustible springs of pleasure flow. Then they open their orchestras, and symphonies proclaim the splendour of the universe (their text-book) in original melodies and harmonies. Through Beethoven colossal structures, and by drawing the human voices into their circle of charm, they glorify, &c..; glorify the Lord and unite all sects in one worship 1 Viewing thuB music pure and positive, these German giants stand in the front of the progress of classical or true music. Italy, France, and other parts of the globe have their original composers in some departments of the musical plane, but the focal light rests in, Germany. England appears almost as a barren desert in this scenery, but the monster-genius Shakspeare makes up for this apparent void—if his nation rises to full appreciation of this all inspiring universal genius. I must add one more of my reminiscences in this direc tion. Once I called at Schumann's, who met me with joyful eyes and a little book in his hand. In evident delight he slid—" I have just finished a collection of all quota tions of Shakspeare about music, aud look what a pretty little volume it is." So lawyers, medical men, and others made their similar extracts of this great fountain, and rejoice in their work. If we quarrel about Wagner's rank among. r as his most excited defenders would have it, above them, let us be warned of Beethoven's strong illustration of the situation. Be says" Haydn laid out a lovely garden, and Mozart put a grand palace in it. I erected a high spire on the structure, and he who ventures higher will break his neck!" This holds good if we discuss merits of genius on the basis of absolute music; but if we fancy these heroes joiring company with Wagner, there may be a friendly little quarrel, but all would unite in enjoying heartily the gorgeous dis play of musical imagination, instrumental splendour, and dramatic power, of which they planted the seeds, which thus fructify in Wagner. 