MELBOURNE cW REMINlS- CEFCES. Although to the truo sportsmah the Mel bourne Cnp possesses but sccondaty Interest when compared with the greet weight tot age races like the Maribyrnong Plate, Derby end Champion, there is no doubt but that to tbe gonerai public the Cup is tho great raoing event of the year. Then it is that the supreme effort is made by tbo world of fashion to eclipso tbe display made at previous Cups, and tbe sporting man, who is quite a different individual from tho sportsman, brings into play all his shrewdness, and sometimes his un- scrupulousness, to effect a coup and land a big stako over the great betting race of the year. An intercolonial character is imparted to tho event by tho nnmbcr of bosses that represent each of the colonies, and, as every animal engaged ha3 ft more or less strong following, the interest is always wide spread and generally intense. Thus we have valid reasons why nearly overy section of the commnnity should be excited as Cop day ap proaches, aud of the 80,000 or 100,000 persons who assemble on the banks of the Saltwater River on tho occasion it may he safe to estimate that a very small percentage bnt have no mone tary interest in the result. From the ownerwho stands to win £10,000 down to the coster whose venture is limited to a shilling sweep, everyone must havo his wager on something ; bnt, viewed in the light of after-ex perience, it comes with somewhat of a shock to notice how seldom what ts regarded ns the good thing Comes Off. The accidents of training, the careful re servation of some bottled-up animal in the in terests of the bookmakers, or — worso still — tho " stiffening " of a prominent favorite, nearly always occur to dash the cup of victory from tho lips of the popular owner ; and in looking through tho lists of Melbourne Cups it is singular to note how rarely the public havo had a throw in. Tho Melbourne Cup was first instituted in 1861, when 17 horses started ; of these, Archer, owned by Mr. D. Mestre, won easily from Mormon and Prince. On this occasion Mormon was the non-favorite, as both Despatch and Torybpv were more in favor than tho winner, who was quoted at 6 to 1. In tho following year Archer .wa3 again victorious, with tho steadier of 10 St. 2 lb., but on this occasion he was first favorite at 2 to 1, and never gave his opponents the ghost of a chance, running the 2 miles in 3 min. 47 see., which was very excellent time for those days; Mormon was again second, and Camden, a horse who has since through his descendants made his mark in many a colonial stud, was third. In 1863 Mr. Harper's Banker beat six other starters, and he was also a noa-favorite, Muaidora and Rose of Denmark being tho fancies of the public. It is some what eingnlar to read that on this occasion only 3000 persons were present to sea the race ran for, and it shows how much its attractiveness has increased as years have rolled on. In 1864 a genuine sportsman in Mr. Hurtle Fisher achieved a victory with tho brilliant Lantern, who, as the scion of recently imported stook, was the beginning of a new order of things, On this occasion 19 horee3 wont 'to the post, bnt Lantern was again a non-favorite, as he started at the comparatively outside price of 10 to 1, Mr. Dowling's Roebuck being most in demand at 4 to 1, while stont Mnsidora, who. has left her name in the Btud book, was next ct a point more ; Poet, the Tasmonian horso, was second, and Mr. Fisher's ' second string, Rose of Denmark, obtained the other position. In the follow ing year the despised outsider, Toryboy, who hsd previously contested a couple of Cups, ran away from a largo field, with odds of 100's to 1 being offered against him, which proves how little ho was esteemed. Ponio, who ran soeond under 10 st,, was the favorite onthis occasion, and Riverine, a mare stolen by tbo bushranger Morgan, was third, i860 ffaw Mr. Tait's wonderful horse The Barb a winner, after a desperate finish with Exile, but the little black was a favorite at 6 to 1, Falcon, who was third, being the. next fancied. Mr. De Mestre appropriated his third Cnp in 1867, with tho nid of Tim Whiffier, who bod Queen of Hearts and Exile for his imme diate attendants, witli 24 others behind them. The public had another throw iu this time, as Tim was at the short odds of 5 to 2, and ho won oasily; Fireworks, who had previously won the Derby, being second favorite. Mr. Tait landed the Cup of the next year with Glencoo, who was compara tively little fancied at the start, the Tasmauian Strop and Shenandoah being second nnd third, Tim Whiffier, the winner of tho previous year, was the public fancy, but under the impost of 10 st. 4 lb. ho was never in it. The Ring had n throw in in 1869, as Warrior, owned by a leading bookmaker, beat Monk, Pliceko and 23 others ina hollow fashion, and warm fa vorites, in Circassian, Traverton, Sheet An chor nnd Salem Scudder, went down easily. Then in 1870 wo havo Nimblefoot, rendered memorable by Mr. Craig's authenticated dream', again proving tbe Bheot anchor of the bookmakers, as he was qnito neglected in tho betting. Lnpdog and Valentino- were second and third, and the favorites were Trump Card, Lapdog and Warrior. In 1871 Mr. John Tait achioved a victory with a rank out sider in The Pear!, whose starting price was 100 to 1 ; and in tho subsequent year the veteran New South Wale3 trainer was again successful with the Tasmanian bred horso Tho Quack, who was at an outside price, Contessa being a great tip for the roco ; Tho Aco was second nndDagworth third, but none of the fnvorites yere over prominent in the race. In 1873 wo were introduced to another equine wonder in the person of Don Juan, who retired from tho tnrf witli an unbeaten record. He won the Cnp withont an effort, and though entered' in the name of Mr. W. Johnson was running in the interest of Mr. J. Thompson, the bookmaker, for whom ho won. a pot of money, as Don Juan House testifies to this day. Dagworth and Horatio filled the situations, but neither ever had the slightest chance with the St. Albans trained horse. ThiB Cnp was made remarkable by the fact that the Y.R.O. committee deollned to isBue the customary passes to the repre sentatives of tho press, and the consequence was that only the bare results of the races were recorded. The winner, in view of previous victories, was a very decided favorite, but Lapidist and Horatio Were also backed for heaps of money, to the discomfiture of their supporters. Haricot landed the stake in 1374, aud he added another to the long list of non-faVorites who havo been successfal, his starting price being 15 to 1, while Goldsbrough and King of the Ring were at 5 to 2 each, and a3 both were largely hacked . the Ring must havo reaped a rich harvest. Protos was second and The Diver, who subsequently proved himself a gem of the first water, was third, but, as usual, none of those most fancied were ever dangerous. In 1S75 tho fielders had another big win with "IVollcmai, who, owned by Mr. J. Clelland, landed the stake at tho remunerative pries of 100 to 6, Imperial aud Kingsborough bring the public fancies, bat Richmond and Goids- broogh occupied the places. The following year Briseiv, from her Derby, win, was well supported, and she justified public confidence by winning easily. Jlcr starting price was 100 to 1 5, bnt Feu d' Artifice was favorite at 4 to 1, Timothy and Sybil being also largely backed. Another double victor turned up the following year, whou Chester landed £10,000 lor his owner in one pop by winning the Derby and Cup. Savanaka was second, and (Die Vagabond third. Chester was au eqnal favorite with Savanaka, and the year will long be remembered for the overthrow of the latter, who, as the carefnlly bottled np pony "Dnmple" was thought not to be able to lose it. Mr. Da Mestre scored his fourth Melbourne Cop in 1878 with Calami; Tea. K2dc tti "War Iling cocond sod third, bat Melita was .first - favorite at 4 to 1 ;Firebell and Wellington, the former oi whom bad done n wonderful trial, being the favorites. Darriwell elec trified the spectators not year by winning the Cop in the fastest time on record, 3 min. 30J «c.,i with Sweetmeat and Snwarrow, the Derby winner,, filling the places. Suwarrow and Secundus wore the favorites, but, though the former ran respectably, the latter never was in it. and the bookmakers were again jubilant ; Darriwell starling at 100 to 8. In 1880 Mr. Long's cqnine wutitler, Grand Flaneur, after cantering through his previous engage- inenta, had no difficulty in winning the Cup burn Progress, who had the bad lock to be flooded in the same year. Flaneur was, how- isr, pot so good n favorite ns Progress, to whom he was conceding nearly a stone, tout the sequel proved the immense superiority of the former, who won easily. Lord Bur leigh was third, and ho and Mata, who was disqualified at the same meeting, were both heavily backed. A real rank outsider tnrned op in Zulu in 18S1, and there yet may be seen Zulu-terraces in the suburbs, erected by those bookmakers who failed to lay him. Never "was a horse so decried by the toots. He wna fame, could not get the distance, and pos sessed a number of other imperfeotions that would prevent any horse from ever getting to the end of a fast two miles. The only horse less likely than him to cause a sensation in the opinion of the morning watchers was The Czar : yet, strange to say, these horses ran first and second in the fastest Cup, with the ex ception of Dorriwell's, that had ever been ran, which is .a reflection on the judgment . of the touts and consider ably discounts the decided opinions of these gentlemen. In Zulu's year Darebin and Waxy were favorites at 4 to 1 each, but though the former showed a bold front at the turn he conld not get home and Sweetmeat occupied third place. There are probably few of thoBo who take an interest in horse racing who do ' not recollect last year's Cup. How Sweet William, after the withdrawal of Navigator, Was made so firm a favorite ; how after Stock- well had made all tho running he was just nicked by The Assyrian, whoi wooped down from the distance and landed the stakes. Mistaken and Little Jack were both mado pets of, but neither was ever in it, and the last Melbourne Cup was won by a rank outsider, as was the first. From the above brief summary it will he seen that out of the 22 Melbourne Cups that have been contested, 16 have been won by non-favorites, most of whom have aover been mentioned in the betting, whQe only on six occasions have the first favorites popped their heads in first. The average ox chances is xnore regular than most people imagine, and it may be safely predicted that the odds are greater than 16 to 6 against the Melbourne Cup winner of 1SS3 befog named by even the most astute of horsey men. As, however, a tip is expected from every section of the press on occasions like the present it may suffice to say that we incline most to the chances of Sordino, feeling assured that we will bo no further out than were our daily and weekly contemporaries in their varichiations on the Derby, 