ODDS AND ENDS. "No more reflections, please," said the looking glass after it had tumbled downstairs. A MAGAZINE is speculating as to ''the kind of clothes ghosts wear." We always supposed they wore spirit w rappers. STATISTICS show that in England men now live two years longer and women three and a third longer than they did thirty years ago. ~VVHY are a pair of trousers too big every way like two French towns? Because they are too long and too loose (Toulon and Tolonse). LOVE, in its varied phases, can acquire purity or dignity only when guided by an inward power over ourselves ; that is in itself the very germ of virtue. " I say, Mick, what sort of potatoes are you planting \" " Raw ones to be sure—your honour wouldn't be thinking I would plant boiled ones." IEISH witness for defence : 'Is it myself that understands the nature of an oath ? Faix and I ought to ! Haven't I been twice tried for perjury and convicted. OLD GENT—'Ah, Mrs. B., did you keep a diary during your visit to the country 1' 4 No, air I didn't. The family bought milk from the neighbours.' 4 Pa, are cannibals people that live on other folks ?' ' Yes, my dear.' 'Then, pa, Uncle Sharpwitz must be a cannibal, for ma says he's always living on somebody. A timid young man has married a lady whose weight verges closely upon 2001b. " My dear," he says to her, "shall I help you over the fence?" "No," says she to him ! " help the fence." One of Sir Boyle Roche's invitations to an Irish nobleman was amusingly equivocal. "I hope, my lord, if you ever come within a mile of my house that you'll stay there all night." A wag, speaking of a friend whom he suspected of living altogether beyond his means, observed that he believed he "would owe several thousand pounds after all his debts were paid." Custom House official (holding up two black bottles—"I thought you said you had wearing apparel only in this trunk. What are these Lady—" So I did. Those are my husband's nightcaps" A footman learned from his master that malaprojtos meant "out of place." Meet ing a brother footman who had been discharged, he exclaimed—"Ah, my dear fellow, I am sorry for you; you are malapropos. A traveller, relating his adventures, told the company that he and his servant had made fifty wild Arabs run; which, startling thetu, he observed there was no great matter in it, for we ran and they after us." The statistics of Paris lately published establish the claim of the city to be cosmopolitan in Europe. Out of 100 residents only 30 are born within the limits of the city ; the remaining 70 are provincials and foreigners. "Ch, yes," said Sol Bunker, "what you say about old folks al'ays sympathising with the under dog in a figlit is true enough, but then they al'ays bet their money on t'other un.' : 1 1 1 give you my word that I'm speaking the truth," said a man to his wife. "Of course you gave me your word," she retorted bitterly, "because no one else will take it." It was at the close of the wedding breakfast. One of the guests arose, and with glass in hand said—" I drink to the health of the groom. May he see many days like this." The intention was good, but the bride looked as if something had displeased her. A young lady received the following note, accompanied by a bouquet of flowers;—" Dear ,1 send you by the boy a bocket of flours. This iz like my lav for u. The nite shade menes kepe dark. Rosis red and posis pail, my luv for u shall never fale." A LADY was visiting one of her married friends who had recently presented her husband with pledge of affection No. 1. ' What are you going to name the baby?' inquired the visitor. 'We are goina to call her Mary Fenlope Thanatopsi Ellen —not going to leave are you ; ' ' Yes ; I must get lioiue in time fur tea. I'll call in again early to-morrow morning and lieaL- the rest of it.' As some lady visitors were going through a penitentiary under the escort of a superintendent, they came to a room in which three women were sewing "Dear me " one of the visitors whispered, " what vicious looking creatures ! l'ray what are they here for?" "Because they have no other home; this is our fiittingrcom, and they ace my wife anji two daughters,*' blandly answered the superintendent. " Yes," said the colonel, " I was on a jury in California once. It was a murder trial. I didn t want the fellow hung, and so stuck out against the other, eleven for nine days locked up in the jury room when they gave in, and we brought in a verdict of not guilty. And then I was the maddest man in the State." " Why, what were you mad about, colonel?" "'Cause the mob had hung the prisoner the first day we were locked up!" A correspondent from Boston, writes to us to know what the word Nihilist is derived from. We are surprised that such ignorance should exist in such a town as Boston. The Russian assassins are called Nihilists from the River Nile. They are dirty like the water of the Nile, and have sudden up-risings. Like the Kile, their sources are unknown. Nobody knows where their head is, and it is not healthy to try to find out. If you do not think this is the right answer, you had better hunt up a Nihilist, and make him tell you all he knows. To be looked at in the Right Light.— ("The front position et the Fisheries fete was held by a crowd who came determined to have their ten shillings' worth of star - Ing." — World.) Mrs. Montmorency Jones — "You will come to our fete Lady Florence?" Lady F. — "Well, really, I'm afraid " Mrs M, J—"Oh, we cannot do without you. The admission Is only half-a-crown and it will be crowded with people who will do nothing but atare." Lady F.—" Ah, that does make a difference. " I thought it was to be exclusive !*' 