PRESBYTERIAN ANNUAL CELEBRA- TION. &B;~ mentioned in our issue of yesterday a I tcainoeting, tutu h dud by about two hundred looiuhors and adherents of thc Presbyterian Church, WAI held in tho School of Arts on Tuesday oveniog, «nd nftor the eatables pro- vided ha l been fully partaken of, those present | assembled in the Presbyterian Church, where ¡ a public meeting, opened in tho usual manner hy tho flinging of a hymn and prayer, was j held. Tüo Kev, A. HAY, who occupied tho chair, in opening thc proceedings referred to the fact that thc Church had been much enlarged since they last mot, and tho condition of affairs would bo brought beforo them ju a moro definite manner by tho speakers to follow. However, he must say that their meeting in a larger building than last year was grounds for congratulation and thankfulness. Lie was pleased to see so many members and adherents of thc church present, and also from other de- nominations, which was a matter for rejoicing, as they came thorc to give au expression of the catholicity of their views and principles as members of tho Christian Church. Presby- terians merely claimed to bc a section of the Church of Christ, and they could therefore all rejoice at the prosperity of Christ's kingdom. He then «ailed on Mr. A. Meiklo, thc session clerk, to read the annual report nf thc session. Mr. A. MISIKLK remarked it was quito an event to see two champions of their Chareh, the Rev. Colin M'Culloch and the Chairman, present. Anyone who had read thc reports of thc proceedings of the General Assembly in the past would hare seen those two giants, leaders of the church, fighting tho battles of the church. He alluded to the fact that it was well to have a strong opposition in the General Assemblies as well as in tho House of Commons, and he was glad to notice that such had boen tho caBo in the former for some few years. Lately, howevor, they had got moro settled, and they ou^ht to congratulate themselves on seeing tho two great leaders of opposite parties sitting sido by side and ad- vocating the same cause for thc benefit of thu church, at largo, oí which thu Rev. Colin M 'Culloch would no doubt tell thom sonic thing afterwards. Ho then read the follow- ing : "Thc SesBion hare avery encouraging state- ment to lay before tho congregation for tho half-year which has just closed. It will be remembered that in tho conreo of the year ending with Hie 31st March last, tile names of 44 'persona wore added to thc communion roll. Thc Jost six montlis hare seen a large increase in the number of Presbyterians settling in the town and neighbourhood and of theso a goodly proportion have already applied for 'recognition as members of thc Church. The accessions to the roll of com- municants in the course of thc hst six months amounts to 45. Tlieso have mostly been members of congregations in the old country, who have brought their certificates of Church membership with them, lint as a Urge number have not yet given in their lines, who have otherwise taken their places as members of the Church, and as our tosses during thc last six months have not exceeded five or six, it wilt at once he understood that the increase in thc congregation has buen very considerable. The Session would strongly urge all who hare been communicants at home to apply immediately to thc minister, whether they have brought their certificates or not, and they would also express the oarnest hope that thoso who have boen in full membership at home, and havo been in tho habit of going to the Lord's table there, will not fail to tako advantage of their privileges here, and thus identify themselves with thc Church and cause of our Lord Jesus Christ, by obeying his loving commands, "Do this in remem- brance of mo." A largo number of young persons also who hare been brought up in thc Presbyterian Church at homo have lately come and settled in our midst. These we hope to see comiug forward into full communion ; and as tho sacrament of tho Lord's Supper falls to bo observed amongst us next mouth, we trust that a largo num- ber will then bo prepared to take their places nt tho table who had not done so at homo. Tile Session would very strongly and affectionately urge upon tho members of tho oiiui-un, Lim amy ol regular attcudauco on thc public ordinances of religion ; specially would they call the attention of those who havo lately arrived in tho colony to the many temptations to which they will bc exposed " to neglect thc assembling of themselves together." Wc trust that they have brought their like to the ordinances of God, and thoir habits of attendance on them, to their new home, and that hy their sober, rightoous, and godly lives, all will unite iu adorning Hie doctrine and strengthening tho c.in-e ot (Sod our Saviour. Tho Session would further rennest tho interest and co-operation of all the members of tbs Church, and especially nf parents ia the effort ta hriug up tho young, not only in tho knowledge of God and tho love of tho Lord Jesus Christ, hut also in attachment to the Church of their fathers. To all, we would say, lay hold of every yonng man and woman that belongs to our Church, and use your influence to en- courage them to attend divine ordinances, and take an active interest in everything that pertains to the cause of God and of the Presbyterian Church. Wc do not court the members of other churches ; we merely wish to gather together and retain those who are members of our own communion. The Session sincerely hope that a Bpirit ot attachment to tho Presbyterian Church, and ; pride in its name mid traditions, will animate every member of thc congregation ; and that all will bo iiuitod, not only hy tics of a 1 common faith and brotherhood in Christ, but I 1 also by a common theire to eco our Church growing in numbera aud in usefulness throughout tlic land. After tho ample infor- mation that lina Wen jiiven to the members of thc Church regarding the General As- sembly's resolution to endeavour to raise funda for thu bringing of ministers from home .md getting them in this colony, it is UUIICCOK :«iry I ir the Session to say anything beyond what y nu have heard in commendation nf it. The »Session would, however, express ft hopo that a result of thc visit of the convener nf tho Home Mi.-aion Committee of our lîhur.di, the Kev. Cuiiu M'Culloch, will b': thc rc^ng. ninon of iii*; claims of thia wide district, with iU bi r;o .vid scattered Presbyter inn population, for thc provision of tiïfit assis, tauce which »a absolutely r-equicUe to enable tile minister tv) ovci'take thc work, and to enable us to hold our own against HÎ<»rts and influences that tend tn draw away nur IVt'^by. iurian jictiplvi from their own Chuivh. The Scssiou am happy to say that the diiiïcukirg and discourage.aunts that havo been met with in this connection in tho past arc not likely to he met with in thc future, tho resolution of thc Assembly furnishing a pledge that tho outlying di.-it ric ts of the Church will no lonper bc overlooked or neglected. It must bc known to the members of thc Church gene- rally that thc Minister has expressed a Btroug wish to obtain leave of absence to visit tho old couutry. This matter lias been brought buforo thc IVes'.ytery, thc Session, and thc Committee nf Management, an 1 all have given their cordial consent, on thc understanding that cihVieut supply is provided for the pulpit durina Mr. Hav's abscne* of seven mouths or thereby ; ami counting ou til is consent being given by all concerned, tho General Assembly tit our Church has appointed bim to represent it in thc Synod and Assemblies of tho home elinrelies, and in thc General Council of the Presbyterian Churches throughout the world te U'ln.-U in IWfist in Jun-.- of next y«. Tiie Se- i.,3 w.inll tV-r.'W hope tb,! JJ,, ll '.y's vo-inest for leavo ..' r.bseive will U f y.'. itrablv cvr^ideroi' by thc con-ie^.li: ?n. TUKiWrn wo-.iU cnil attention to the T.iet that the hy mit h^.i'.: i:i nv liv tl:.' Ciin^r.-.^ai'«.'?. will idiortly cer.s ? t. be |.:-iu'.e1, ;.~ it IIL. n impended hy a g-e itly (nlar v.l a-, ! i.n Vl"-ed cellr^tioii of !i\u:".3 tlrv.eu up f .r r.nd :'.', i;t-.l bv tl.; lV-.:,vt>-iiP < " ? "f r» l-i'vi. limier the titi;! of "(.'herc', I'ra: e." Tb . «e»;;.,,;., Lave rr.- -Iv, ,1 ad-.pi IVs new !.-. -i-i bool; as ibo. h<>»'.'. ol i-raise for tim: cm pi't-gat'cc. Th- new b.'nh, !¡;«i,xr, vtl! lie ùii^iâoccù gndu-tty, anil it «di t -; e weeks before thc booksellers can have it for «ale. Tho Session have to express their regret tinta professional appointment removed Mr, James Craig, «ho had so long and efficiently oonduotcd the choir. Ile ia hero ftt .present ouly temporarily, and thc Session aro stdl very anxious that Mr. Craig's place should bo filled by ono qualilied to carry on his work iu connection with the loading of our Church song. Wc would close by con- gratulating the congregation on the growing prosperity with which wo bavo been blessed. Tbia prosperity is the gift of the Lord Jesus Christ, the only King and Head of the Church, and it has been bestowed that we may bo a blessing to others, as nell (ts enjoy tho blessing ourselves." Thc CHAIRMAN wished to add that the Sun- day School was in a very satisfactory condi- tion. Thore were more names on the roll than there had been for some years past, but thc average attendauoa was not quito contd to what it was last year. It was rathe dilficult to account for, but there wore circum; stances either satisfactory or unsatisfactory to which it could be attributed. No doubt children attendod some Sunday School, bnt he hoped that parents connected with the church would use their utmost endeavonrsito . see that their families were in attendance et their own school. There were others .that competed with them, bat he must impress on them that they Bhonld allow no 'other denomination to come in the way of thèir prosperity. He then alluded to the change that would be made is.the hymn books used by the school, and stated that efforts would be made to elide from one into tho other without much inconvenience. The new editions wero now in use in England, the printing of the old ones having boen stopped, and in the course of a few months they would be introduced into tho colonies. Mr. A, HEID road the following annual report of the Committee of Management : "Tho report which the Committee of Management bas to lay before tho congrega- tion for thc last six months is in most respects a very satisfactory one. The finances of tho congregation aro in a healthy and encouraging condition. The enlargement of the Church at thc beginning of this year provided a con- siderable iucrcasc of accommodation, and thiB has borne its fruit in an increase of revenue. Tho collections for ordinary purposes for the half-year have amounted to £122 12a. 6d., . while during thc same period there has been collected for special purposes thc sum of £30 17s. 7d, making a total of £163 10s., and showing, in the collections as compared with the previous half-year, an increase of over £20. Last year tho collections showed an increase over those of the year preceding of over £31 ; thus if our present growing rate of collection at public worship is maintained, of which there can be no doubt, we may look forward to an increase on tho whole year of over £40, or an increase on the last year and this together of over £70. It is to be regretted that in the oaseof the scat rents ' and stipend fund, we have a very unsatis- ' factory report to render in regard to actual ' receiptB. This, howevor, is not duo to neglect of duty on the part of tho monbers of tho congregation, who aro most prompt and punctual iu tho payment of ,thoir subscriptions, but to circumstances which have delayed the sending out of, the notices of tho subscriptions dbe , for seat ' rents and stipend fund. ' Tho number of sittings now provided in the church and open to bo lot IB about 320; of these about 280 are already let, . but the late accessions to the membership {bay be expected ' immediately to take up the remainder. Indeed there is every probability 'that it will be necessary for us to provide accommodation for more than the Church is at present seated for. For the remaining current half year we may count on our full possible revenue for Boat rents. The following estimate of bur in corno [or ordinary purposes at tbe end of March next may be presented to you i Collections, £245; scat vents, £300; stipend fund, £120. The expenditure we have to provide for, taken from the expenditure of . last year, oannot exceed £508. This estimate, which has beau made with a duo regard to possibilities, shows a probablo surplus on the year of £1G0. Thora is, however, another sido to thia account ; last year's report showed a capital and interest sum of £398 lCs. still due on thc church property. This Bum has been increased by thc intcrost that has been accruing during the past six months. Our indebtedness then amounted to about£410. Towards the removal of this debt subscrip- tions have been promised to thc amount of £137, and there is reason to believe that before long wc may be able to realise these promises and at the same time obtain the means of liquidating tho remainder of tbe debt. Tho Committee would call the attention of this meeting to the large additions that have recently been made to the cumber of raembors and adherents ol the Church. The number of these who have not become known to the Soseion ot Committee as communicants or seat holders cannot bc fewer thau 100 persons. None of these are statedly subscribing to the church funds. They are no doubt contributing by giving into the collection plate on the Lord's Day, and the Committee feel assured that they only require the opportunity to be given to them to subscribe statedly along with their brethren. Were all who claim to De ad- herents of this Church, and who look to the minister to visit them and render to them the other duties of his office to subscribe to the stipend fuud, the revenue of the Church would bc very largely increasod and its means of usefulness much enlarged. The Committee have therefore made arrangements for .giving all the adherents of the Churoh who do not at present contribute statedly to the funds an op- portunity to do so, and they feel assured that the invitations will be cordially responded to. Thc Committee have only to add that they fully concur with the «Session in acceding to Mr. Hay's request to he allowed sufficient leavo of absence to enable him to visit thc old country, aud to recommend this request to the favourable consideration of thc congregation." Thc Cn.ujtJUN, in moving the adoption of tho report, eaid it was quito satisfactory in every seuso, .ind if thc financial condition of thc ('Lui eh was ono element of success it was a very good one. The congregation had every reason to be salisiicd with tho results of the past, and more so for tho prospects in tho future. Ile would simply move the adoption ..f thc report without further remark, and called on Mr. W. Jettison, in accordance with a resolution of the Committee of Management, tn second it. Mr. l'.uïisox eaiil tbero was ono mutter lio should refer t", anil that was that when tho quc&ti.iu; of Mr. Hay's leave of absence came un for discussion the Committee were not quite unanimous na to whether that ^eiitlcni.tji's stipend should should co on while he waa away. Ile then undertook to hy tho matter before tho congregation, with a recommendation from thc Committee that their pastor should bo allowed lcivo of absence lo visit the obi country on tho condition thatproperBupply w;>e found lot the pulpit, aud that the congregation lion defray thc expenses. He contended that Mr. Hay was entitled to a holiday, and that without deducting one farthing from his stipend. There was only one matter that tho Committee should blush for, and that was for not collecting the subscriptions. It took a lot to make him blush, though lie was, perhaps, thc laziest member of tho Committee. Ile alluded to tho amount they would have to pay new ministers, which he held they were justified in doing, and stated he was very pleased to see the Hov. Colin M'Culloch present. 'rx.'. .t e.- *jV.ei:ian .md tbe Chairman !'i:;,-I f h.ivo taken diT. rent vuw; on cliuiuh meters, bat tiny wrc fighting for tho ono '?ausi. and it wis pleasant to seo them there lr; ether. It was t'.<; first visit ot Mr. ri-L'ubVi! to Ki ekbainp:,;!!, but he hoped it would not be the lait. Ho Ind very great pV.-i-uve in see <.;dm ; tbe adoption ol thc rep..rl. 71 .- C.:\\.i.v -.s eM Vioed t'n.it had fir. at i ili i ?:-: ii.»»- ia the "Il e.iun'ry. lt was a we'I-W wu ?;ict t':a'- «w> m-mber of bis far.lily ha ! gone I'wre (» live and pursue his rt.loi for ror^e. yr^r*, and lie wished to seo !-: TH .'-illy l,u':c!'<:d oa thc four cr Ave ycart . lie hod before bin). Again, the partner of bis lifo was in England, and bo felt anxious to go home and bring ber back, licsides that, the (ïeneral Assembly had d"Ue him thc honour of appointing him ns their representa- tive to eovoi.il important assemblies. He did not feel at liberty to saya ivoid more than to ask them to give their assentor not to thc propo- sition.-There being no dissentients tho motion was declared carried. Mr. I'ATVISON moved that Mr. Hay bo grancd leave of absence to visit thc old country, and that ho bo allowed full stipend while he was away. Mr. iïKin had much pleasure in seconding j the wotton, and in doing so remarked that it WUB only to bo desired that thc pastor should f;o away untrammelled in any way to enjoy n's holiday. He alluded to tho Manse Fund I always cropping up, and remarked that if members would put their shoulders to the wheel that debt of £200 would soon bo cleared off.-Tho motion was assented to. Tho CmiRMAN returned thanks to the congregation for tho manucrin which they had treated him in a few well chosen remarks, in thc course of which ho alluded to the unanimity which existed between himself and his fl >ck, which showed that his services had boen appreciated. A collection was then made to defray the espouses of thc tea-mooting, after which The Cu AIR MAN remarked that some years ago ho had invited the Kev. Colin M'Culloch to come to Rockhampton, but circumstances bad prevented him from coming until now. There was one remark that had been made ho would have to allude to, and that waa that Mr. M'Culloch and himself were old foes. Ho disavowed that such had beeu the case ; they had merely held different views on oburch matters. There had been two parties in the General Assembly, Mr. M'Culloch being the leader of one, and himself appa- rently of the other. True it was that they had been pitted against each other in arguments, but ho was not awaro that they were encmie of each other. As long as there were men on tho face of the earth they would differ. He then alluded in highly eulogistic terms of their visitor, remarking that ne waa tho ablest minister they had in tho colony, and ex- pressed a hope that his euccess in connection with the work ho was engaged in would ho ns marked in Rockhampton as elsewhere, lie then introduced Mr. M'Culloch to thc meeting, and called on him to address thom. Tho liov. CULIS M'CULLOCIÎ, who was Toted with a storm of applause, said that ho felt overpowered at the manner in which ho had been received. Ho waa filled with con- flicting emotions, but he was happy to sec so many present, and it therefore pave him un- bounded satisfaction to be there with t'-em to take part in their sorviccs. He had to con- gratulate thom on the success of their meeting, and on the prosperity shown in every depart- ment of church work, lt waa, indeed, an example to other congregations throughout the colony. As long as there was unanimity between tho pastor and his flock, such as there was in the Presbyterian Church at Rockhampton, they would always bo willing to give tho former a well-earned holiday. Passing on to tbe statement that Mr. Hay and himself were old enemies he cordially endorsed all the former had «aid. They had held dif- ferent opinions, and fought battle after battle fairly and honourably for the principles they held, and he had never suspeoted tho Chairman of having any selfish or personal feeling towards him, but whon Presbyterians differed they could give hard blows. They had had a fair stand up fight, and that Was what every honest Presbyterian would find no fault with them for. If Ibero had been enmity between them they would have injured tho cause that waB dearer to them than life itself. Ho was very much gratified at being present to witness the houours heaped upon the head of bis "old foe," which he rejoiced in as much as if he had boon the recipient himself, ile stood before them with fear and tremb- ling, thore Being two grounds of impeachment laid against him by the ladies. Ono was that he was long-winded aud preached too long sermons, which they did not seem to like in Rockhampton, and he was not likely to do it again. The second was that at the close of the sermon ho neted rather tho part of the beggar, lio had no anxiety to hold such a reputation, and to clear himself from it he must say that of the fund of £1000. vhich the General Assembly expected thurn j to get (rom the Presbyterians of thc colony, he had the pleasure of giving hie quota. But now that lie found thc ladies against him ho ' was in a very extraordinary position ; he must not be too long. Ah 1 the cunning of the ladies, whose faces he had looked at on .Sunday, when they had tho expression of "Too lung," and their husbands were afraid to differ from them. First they cut off his liberty of speech, and then they told him he must not talk of money matters. He had erne to Rockhampton for the purpose of collecting money for tbe great fund started by tho General Assembly, but he muBt Bay tho surprise he felt was great when, instead of the bandeóme contribution he had expected, he had found £4 end £5 in the plate. He bad anticipated £100 from such a large and influential body as the Presbyterians io Rock- hampton. However, Mr. Hay said-"Leave it to ns ; leave it to our people, and they will uot bc behind others in their contribution to the fund." He had no other remedy but to do that, and wes sore they would cosily accomplish the colleotion of £100. Ile would say no more on that point, but inform thom as to what would ,o done with the £1000 when they got ?t. If £100 was subscribed in Rockhampton, lie saw his way to £600 already. What was to be doue with it ! Why, they wanted men from the old country full of the Roly Ghost r.ud faith, men who would toil for the glory aud love of God. He had received letters from mon in Kngland desiring to come out hore as clergy asking if the congregation here would gu nra il tee a stipend ; was thc climate healthy ; aud was there much travelling on horseback, or else they would lint come ; did the people here furnish .1 horse ; did they próvido a manse; and did they pay for a horse and hoi so-feed. When lie bad to read such letters as that thc Com- mittee would jump up from their scats and declare that snob men as those would bc no use in this colony. There were snnie, how- ever, who came ont here fruin good motives and went far up into thc bush, but they were unable tn live and bad to go either back from whence they came, or to tho southern and more favoured colonies, and spread rcpoits OB to matters in Queensland, such as did not make tho reputation of thc colony stand very high. It was therefore evident some remedy muni ho found, ami that lhere should lie men brought nut who wouM devoto them- selves to tlie great canso of tile Saviour, anil labour muong thc white heathens such as others did among the black heathens. Tho former, which were very numerouB, especially in Rrishanc, were thc must impracticable persona ever known, and it re* quired unen of superior talent and intellect to wufk aiming them with any measure of suc- cess. A prent many of thc ÍUÍHICIB had dropped from their ranks, aud they well knew that thc worst infidels, the most clever, dangerous, and ni net inveterate ones were Presbyterians from Scotland and thc north of Ireland, fruin the formet place especially he feared. Thc rev. gentleman then entered into au explanation of thc reasons for this, aud eta tod that to counteract their influence and coi-vt rt I linn lo Christ, men must bc 1 nj.i;;hl nut heir who were properly trained fur thii tna!i that was set hefoic them, lin thru alinde«1 to tho fact that Vrcabytcmi.B wore to be fmihd in Primitive Methodist, Wee 1 .yan, and (Vn-i'-^tion;d .'burches. Tlirro vas ur* han.i it '.'.-rt. b-.ifc :.n tb-^e c\\\in.hes thí'y would tn!;. ;. l.-n!.,r wi ' lind IK- Rift ..f f.-.ib from hir hoard, and v.¡lb a wVitc r'i'.|*,-r rJ--*t Lia VA :k, aivl ,,-t hm np an a yr^r.her. Un-* Uv.y v.-. uU lin; y lalît f-.r li'Mirs ti Rc-t'iL-r, iii'iviii/i Mair hands and I lodi,-- tn ..- 1 fr ». I:nt I.'., or ^tN-mi-f riade in i-t.ü.dM'. a tniVr cr nîh-r r- ?. ,:i i"to th.! i-id:- nf tho 1V.SI0'..M:MI ( ';. . h and fherr w»u'd ho an OLÍ'.:ry at '!". ir.en hp had nllijtVd to would tall, -,\\\ iy \ - til*; hour, and pendle would say *' Uh, !,»?. is a guod maD," " But wbat did ho say/'arutLi-r would ask, to which an answer was made I "(Hi, nothing, hut he is a good man." lu the l'reshyterian Church there was nothing [ of that ; their ministers woro composed of mon who were taught by tho great masters the truths of thc U.ispcl and thc principle nf their religion, and who were leaders of public upiuiou. There was no puhlio opinion here, ho waa surry to say, such as in thc old country, to support men iu doing the work of the Lord. What could bc expected when iu thc high places of the colouy they found men saying if it was lawful to do a thing evory day in the week it was lawful to do it on Sunday. But thc fourth commandment was infheway. Then another mau advised them to spend their Sabbath iu schuappcr-fishing ; tho best usc, they sahl, that could bo ni ad o of thc day. In Scotland such a thing wuuhl not be allowed fora moment, as thcro would bo an indigna- tion storm heard from every corner of the laud. Hut this colony there were weak-kneed Christians who would not stand up to fight for thc Cospel. Men must bc brought here who would make public opinion, and would look after the interests of all. Ile thon in- stanced the manner in which inferiur races were imposed upon by merchants and others, and stated that if a man was to go into a place in Queen-street and »Bk if a certain gun nicely got up was a good one, he would re- ceive a reply in the affirmative, but if ho said " Will you sell it to me," tho person in charge would reply, " Oh, no ; it is only for Kanakas ; burst first time it ie usod." When the £1000 was raised men could be brought out here, and a stipend guaranteed them, and thc result would be that a large body of good and earnest workers would be distributed over the land. If a minister waa unable to obtain employaient at home on account of his inability, and applied for a position in Queensland he should certainly reject him, as mun of more than usual enterprise were rcquirod for this colony, and thoso that were uufit for work at home wero decidedly unfit for labour herr, as they would not succeed. Another reason why tuen fitted for tba work would not come out hero was because no provision was made for their reception on arrival, and they were sent to places whore they were unable to obtain a living. In fact a great many good men had been lost iu that way, and people frequently went over to other churches because thc minis- ters of their own denomination had gone away. They then became sour, and weut over to tho cuemy. There was no church in the world like the Presbyterian. Some of their friends over the way were indignant aud said tiley were the oldest body, but Christianity was in the world COO years beforo that body assumed thc form it did now, Presbyterianism began with Jesus Christ, and bc was sure that if they looker! over tho history of their couutry and of the martyrs slain they would not be ashamed of their religion. Ile could name Borne churches that did not raise men at all. When he gazed at tbo robes those ministers drcesod themselves in, aud at thc adornments they wore, he could not but exclaim "Poor old women." The Presbytorinns had, how- ever, raised men who could fight the battles of Christ. Who was it but thc Presbyterians who had rallied round tho throuc of Queen Victoria, thc most glorious Queen they had ever seen. (Applause.) Thc rev, gentleman next alluded to tho fear that wa8 felt at homo that if thc Channel tunnel was made England would bo invaded by foreign armies. There was no such fear, as tho men who had been the defenders of tho great British Umpire would rise up and hurl the invaders back from whence they came. He referred to thc depar- ture of the Kev. A. Hay for thc old country, and thanked them for thc kiudly reception he bad received as representative of the Supreme Court of the Church. Ue would say no more on the matter but leave it to their own sonso of duty, and to thc dictates of their heart ; and resumed bis seat amid much applause. Thc Kev. P. M'QUEEN then shortly ad- dressed the meeting in an earnest and felici- tous manner on the duties which tho members of the congregation owed to the Church and to one another ; after which tho Kev. A HAY intimated that he purposed starting for thc old country about tho middle of February, and re- turning to Rockhampton in time for next anniversary, about tho beginning of October of next year. The meeting was closed with tho usual votes of thanks. 