»ctri fff^tnj. U1KC On the Colorado Rut, 187&] Wotfsfbatyon'reieaduV'-aBovel* AnoTei— mil, You a T'°' grown and bearded, andhistu' such ' stuff ezlfcat In— Stuff about ab and their sweethearts ! No wonder you're tBn ez a knife ; 3/»ok at me— got two tnnared— and never read one inmyttfe! loafs vif opinion o' novels. And ez to their ly in round here, ? They belonged to the Jedge a danghter-the Jedge . who came up last year On account -of his lungs, and the mountains, and the balsam o' pine and fir; . And bis daughter— well, she Tead norela, and (bat b what* a the matter with her. Yet she was sweet on the Jedge, and stuck to him Irj day and night, Alone in- the cabin up yer-till she grew like a ghost all white. She was only a slip of a thing, ex. light and ez upand Bz rifle-smote blown through the woods; but she .wasn't my kind, no cay ! Speakin' o' sals, d'ye mind that house ez you rise the bill, A mile and a half from White's, and jfat abore Mat tinclv'e mill? You do? Well, now, Mar** a gal! What, you saw her? -h. come now. thar quit! She was only bederlin' you boys, for tome she don't cotton one bit. Now, she's what! call a gall— e&jiretty; and plump ez a qnail ; Teeth ez white ez a hound's, and they'd go throagh atenpenny-x-ail; Eyes that kin snap like a cap. So she asked to know 'wharlwashidr She did ? Oh, it's jist like her sass, for she's peart a3 akaty-did. But what was I talkin* of? Oh ! the Jedge and his daughter. She read Kbvels the whole day long, and I reckon she tead them abed. And sometimes she Tead them out loud to the Jedge on the porch where he sat. And 'twas bow 'lord Augustus'' said this, and how 'Lady Blanche' she said that. But the sickest of all that I heerd, was a yarn thet they read bout a chap, 'Leather- stocking' by name, and a hunter chock full o' the greenest o' sap ; And they asked me to hear ; but I says : ' ML33 Mabel, not any for me ; When I likes I kin sling my own lies, and thet chap and I shouldn't agree.' Yet somehow or other she was always sayin' brought her to mind Of folks about whom she had read, or suthin' belike of thet kind, And thar warn't no end o' tbe names thet she gave me thet summer up here, 'Bobin Hood,' ' Leather-stocking.' ' Bob Boy' — Oh, I tell you the critter was queer. And yet ef she hadn't been spiled, she was harmless enough in her way ; She Mvuld jabber in French to her dad, and they said thet she knew how to play. And she worked me that shot-pouch up thar — which the man doesn't live ez ken use. And slippers — youaee 'em down yer — ez wo aid cradle an L-jin'a papoose. Yet along o' them novels, you see, she was wastin' and nQopin' away. And tben she got sny with her tongue, and at last bad nothin' to say; And whenever I happened around, her face it was bid by a book. And it warn't until she left that she gave me ez much ez a look. And this was the way it was : It was night when I kem np here To say to 'em all ' gocd-bye,' for I reckoned to go for deer At 'sun up' the day they left. Sol shook 'em all by tbe band, 'Cept Mabel, and she was sick, ez they gave me to understand. But just ez I passed the house next morning at aawn. some one, Like a little waver o' mist, got up on the hill with the sun ; Miss Mabel it was, alone— all wrapped in a mmtle of !ace— And she stood there straight in ths road, with a touch o' the sou in her face. And she looked me right in the eye— I'd seen suthin' like it before When I bunted a woundad doe to the edge o' the Clear Lake shore. And I had my knee on its neck, and jist was raisin' my knife When it gave me a look like that, and— well, it got off with its life ' YV- are going to-day,' she said, ' aud I thought I would say good-bye To you in your house, Luke— these woods and the 'bright blue sky ! You've always been kind to us, Luke, and papa has found you still As good as the air he breathes, and wholesome as Laurel Tree HilL ' And -we'll always think of you, Luke, as the thing we could not take away— Tbe balsam that dwells in the woods, the rainbow that lives in the spray. At d you'll sometimes think of me, Luke, as you know you oiice used to say, A ri:le-smot« blown through tbe woods, a moment, but never to stay.' And then we shook han-U. She turned, but a suddent she tottered and fell, And I caught her sharp by the waist, and held her a liiinit— well. It was onTy a. tninit, you know, that ez cold and ez wLile she lay E?. a snowfiake here on my breast, and then— well, .--be melted away— ^ And was gone * * * And tbar are her I-ook3 ; but I says nrt any for me, Coed enough may be for some, but them and I mightn't agree. They spoiled a decent gal ez might her made some cbsp a wife : And look at me !— clar two hundred— and never read one in my life! Bret Harte. 