TOOWOOMBA. Juno 30. AOEICULTÜRAI, Snow.-The 2Srd annual exhibition of the Hayal Agricultural 'Society, of Queensland will bo held at . Toowoomba on Wednesday and Thursday, August 8 and 0 \- next, A special feature ou the prize-list will be an award of five guineas for the heit eoloniaMn-sd draught entire, Entries will close on Wednesday, the 2fith proximo, POLITICAL WAR,-The two local tournais are engaged tooth-und-unil in defending their respective political cham- pions-tho '* D. D. Gazette" the Ministry, and the ** Chronicle," of which W. H.. Groom is the proprietor, the Opposition. A correspondent (writing under the «om-de-plumo of " Ben Bolt "'), in the latter, states that the '* Gazette" is, without doubt, the most violent partisan newspaper in Queensland, and expresses his opinion that the present Ministry are real proprietors. ELECTION MEETINGS.-Messrs. Groom and Aland have already hod most enthusiastic meetings, one afc Too- woomba and one at Drayton. Mr. Perkins met bis con- stituents at Aubigny, and gave an account of his steward- ship. There haye been several gentlemen's names mentioned as likely to be brought out in opposition to the present members, but they have not the ghost of a chance. BEHHASIO'S CIECCS.-This talented troupe gave two performances here on Monday and Tuesday evenings to good audiences. Mr. James Dixon, who is well-known throughout the colonies as an energetic business manager, has taken the place of Mr. Stephen Byrne as advance agent. GRAMMAR SCHOOL.-The midwinter examination of the above concluded on Thursday, and yesterday prizes were presented to a number of the pupils. For the Caledonian Society's prize, to be awarded to the boy who obtains the highest number pf marks in all the examinations daring the year. Hodgson and Groom ore, so far, first and second, the marks for the Easter and midwinter examinations being ; Hodgson, 1784; Groom, 1673. Master E. Ii. Groom has earned tho very high position of first scholar in the Behool, which will re- open on July 16. ODDFELLOWS* DISTRICT MEETING.-The usual half-yearly meeting of the M.U.I.O.O.F., within the district of the Darling Downs, was held at the Oddfellows* Hall, Too- woomba,, on Thursday last. There were present-Past Grand Master ü. W. Shelford, in the chair; Deputy Past' Grand Master J. Walton, Provincial Corresponding Sec- retary A. Debly, and representatives and delegates from the various lodges in the Darling Downs. The balance sheet and auditors' report were considered most satisfac- tory, showing a good credit balance. itALL.-The Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows (the D»l>. Lodge and tho Link of Friendship Iiodge) gave a grand ball at tho Assembly Booms on Thurs- day evening last undor very pleasant auspices, vii., fine weather and a good attendance» Thero io not the slightest doubt that those delightful rcunwma ave productive of very beneficial effects, creating, as they do, in a marked degree, sociability amongst families who might, undor other cir- cumstances, novor become acquainted, There wore vory few fancy dresses, nearly all being habited in evening cos- tume. Miss Campbell, in a very elegant plush bodice with palo blue Blurt, looked vory charming, and was unani- j mously Toted by tho gentlemen prcs:-r.fc the hello. Mina 1 Murphy and Mr». 'Willio Campbell were elegant ; tho j former in cardinal and black, and the lattor in pink. Tho | Misses Pelkers and Mrs. Glover looked pretty and danced nicely. YTo must not omit to mention Miss Heinsworth, who was prettily dressed as a Highland lassio. Amongst the gentlemen Mr. M'Donald looked oxtromoly well as a footballer, a« did Mr. H. Groom in the dress of a lieutenant of volunteers. Tho musio was particularly good. Tho piano (a splendid Hapsburg, kindly lent by Beale and Co.) was presided at by .Madame Sabine, who played most artistically. Mr. M. Campbell made a very obliging and efficient master of ceremonies. The votaries of Terpsichore tripped it on the light fantostio till the s in all hours of tho morning, everybody seeming to thoroughly enjoy them- selves. 