Tin Ore. — A subscriber asks : — If I buy ono ton of tin oro, the same assaying 75 per confc, what amount of tin would 1 got from tliu ton? Wo presume there is some loss in reducing tho oro, Perhaps soino of our readers can answer tho question. MlNlNU.—Wc liavo received tho following report from D. Powell and Co.'s Prospecting Association, Lisle, dated 17th February : — Havo drivon tunnel loft during tho week j total, 35ft. Wo cut gold bearing stone 8 inches thick crossing tho drive. Country, blue slato ; favorable for quartz. , ' Art Union of London. — Air A.W. Birchall, tho honorary secretary, notilios in our adver tising columns that ho will forward a list of subscribers' names by tho inail leaving hero on 2fith inst. a Tho pluto presented to all tho sub scribers this year ia an ottgraving of tho picture "Stolon by Gipsies; tho rescue," from tho original painting by J. B; Burgess, A. 11. A. In addition to this presentation work ouch sub scriber has a chance of securing ono of tlio many additional prizes offored by tho Society. Tho picture can bo seen at Messrs Walbh Bros, and BirchallV, wliero subset ibep' names will bo tnkon. Masonic. — Tho St. John's II.R.A. Chapter 340' 1.0. mot last ovoning -for installation nf oilicers, 'when (Comp. A. Wnllaco. First Principal St, Andrew's H.R.A, Chapter, officiated as Installing , Master, assisted by Comp. W. 0. Smith, First Principal ; Hope ii.ii.A. Chapter. Tho following oilicers wore installed At. E.' Jv,,; Comp. H.;; Conway : M.It.P., Comp. :W. .N. Ling ; M.C.S.. Comp. AI. Monro ; Capt. of Hosts, Coinp. H. Thomp son ; Suporiutundent of-Tabernaclo, Comp; W, Conway j ' K. A. Captain, Comp. D. liornni: First veil Capt..' Comp. A'. Ensthor ; Second Voil Cimfc.', Comp/ W.' bputhwcll ; Third Veil Capt.. Omttp.- B. Thomas ; ' Janitor, Comp. 'J. Bnckliill. , After . the, (installation tho com panions and; visitors, djourucd; to tho mippor .room niid' partook of. n slight repast, and after; sovoml ;toasts;'wero driupc rotirod homewards;, . '.NaIihow ! Esoath, — Tho- old two-storoy wooden building1 in tho yavd'of tho premises at Sydney Placo occupied by Mr James Wnldon wnolly collnpsed'yosterday aftornoon, and very nearly cut oif suddenly the existence of foiir.oiv jive .persons- who wore standing under it. It appenrs from information supplied us that two wooilon shods in front of it, facing tho wharf, had been pulled down to mnko room for a now- m'.»« mmuflu gnu iiuiiuiyu |i(iu:na»i!u i',y; viiu Alarino. Board, and. about ono-third of ' tlio long shed had to come down ;also. Whilst tho men, including Air Waldoii, wore in. the building, about 4 .p.m., it gavo' signs of tutu-: bling in, when 1 a smart stauipedo. iwas inado 'for open" ground, - -and all savo ono managed to gut out of the building, tlio mau referred to, being, caught by, tho falling timbor, ) and receiving .a jihisty cut in tho mouth. ; As soon as hb'waa extricated ho' was taken to Di%_ Ciiffyn'a residonco whero ho vas attended to and exnihiucd'but fit Svos'-fprtunatoly found tho cut on tlio. lip was tho only injur3>. Wo also learu that lnd riot tho falling building .been caught by somo. grain stored thord tho whole of tho'irarsons in> tlio shed wotild liavp .SRfferpd sorious if not fatal .injuries. V ' ' Cricket.— A mntoH irill take pined to-mor-. row afternoon- botwoon i an : cloven, from tlio unitod cuachbuilders of Launceston and an (clevon of tho Cornwall Club,, on tho ground' of tho latter. -rTho members of' tho King's Mea dows' team will also play against tlio Press on the King s Mo id. wa grt u .d at half-post 2. FQUiTAiiu:Buir.niN« Socim.— Tho annual mcotiug of this useful society was opened on Wednesday evening and adjourned till 18th April, to allow tho directors and officers suffi cient time to prepare the usual reports. An actuarial investigation of tho society's affairs luui'shownit to 'bo in a very sound state, and ' the dotullcd results of this will be laid boforo .shareholders at the adjourned meeting. , Sudden Death. — Much sympathy has been shown towards Air G. Bnbmgton and family, owing to tho very sudden death of Airs Babing- ton. On Wednesday morning Airs Babington, not fooling .well remained in bed, ana, Dr. Stewart was sont for.1 He came during tho morning, and proscribed for her, and ; she seemed to bo igcttiug - along nicoly. Between 1 and 2 lun,, howover, attention was called to Mrs Bnbington, _ and she was found to bb dy ing, and siio expired shortly, afterwards., Tho causo'of dentliwns ossification of tho heart. .The , funeral took place this' afternoon JronJ Bonny. Glen,. , whon ; n-lnrgo number of i frieudsi fol lowed. , , _ ; _. f ; . f 1 Tamau Bkoatta. — At tho usual committoo meeting hold last night a good deal of .business was transacted. Tho lists of somo of tho' col lectors wore handed in, nud it was: found that - their calls had, been well responded to. The following'' sub-committees wero appointed ! Water Committee— Alcssrs. ' Alartini, Bong, and C. Tullocii. ' Ground Committeo— Messrs. Harvey and Dean. Boat Committee— Alcssrs. . Anderson, lining ' Dricktiil), and Peart. Measuring Committoo— Captains Barwood-aud 'h'iudlny, and Air W. J. Bam, Tho timo 'will: bo taken by representatives from Mrs Allen's mid Air J. Sparrow's establishments ; and Messrs. J;' AI. Porter, T," Griffiths,' and Arthur Green wilt officiate as iiandi Nippers for' tlio Sailing Knee. To-night tho ontries will be received at tho City Hotol, from 8 to 10 o'clock, and tho prizes will. bo. fixed by) tlio committee. A largo inimbor of. ontriesj are. expected, nud tlio Regatta promises to boi tho best that lius boou held horo for many years. Death of a,Tahu anian,— 1 Tho friends of Air Stoiilion Clieolc will 'bo hoitv to bnni- nf, IiIm doath,' which happened at Warwick, Queens land, on Shturday last, 17th iiist. Mr Chcok waH.forniorly ii schoolmastor'tindor "tho BoaM of, Lducntion' in Tosmama, buj;. meoting \vith tho ovangoliatri ho joined their ranks, gnd spcn£ a . coiisidorable tiuio travelling through Tas- mania in evangolistic missions. Ho then wont to Victnria, and travelled through that colony, Thcroho met the ltcv. B. Butchers, B.A., and hold n( public discussion at Alnlmslmry on 11 Baptism. V which created considerable stir in religious ciroles. In August last t Air Cheek, went to Queensland, where ho has since jjcon laboring, and from whonco information has como of his. death fnrni typhoid fever at ; tho early ago of 31. Air Check was tho oldest sur viving son of Mr T. Cheek,' of AVcstwood. CniCKifr.— A match will bp played on Tues day on tlio Laimcestdii Ground botweon n» olu veil from Lefroy, mid tho Mercantile Club. Tho' following uro ' the players: — Lofroy — Alcssrs Bakor, Keys, Davis, Hocking, JofFi io", B. Koys, Cordoll, Triinbal), Peart, Bninch, Polly ; mncigoucies, Hollow and Taucock. Mercantile' — Messrs Kdwards, Alillurd, M'Kon/.ie, Lawrouco, Barnos, Jones, Murray. Uro,.S|HH)nor, KJwnrds; Jjpvy, and Koid. ThkStiiasiiouhu Ci.ock.— Tliis jjcculiar, yot accurate piocb of> mechanical genius has boon fairly patronised during tho- week, and visitois have beon well .supplied with iuforination re garding tho working, of tho model, and its greater and tuoro useful meinbor of mechanical science by tho person in charge. The Kxiiuution.— Tho Juvonilo Exhibition at Hobart continues to be well patronised by visitors ; almost every day the placo is thronged with country people, and the vuutuie of hold ing u juvenile exhibition which was at once thought to end in a fiasco litis been successful to' an extent beyond tho most sanguine expec tations, Tho courts arc being added to almost ovury woclf, nud several additions and improve ments have boen ma/Jc to the building to ren der it more attractive, Tlio exhibits of Air Kills and those from tho pupils of Miss 1 Iqvalrs school In this town are highly spnkon of, as are many other cxiiibits from Lauucoston. One of tho principal attractions to tho Exhibition is tho playing of H.M.S. Nelson's fine band during the aftornoon, but as tho squadron two to leave Hobait in a day or two the depatturo of the naval visitors wilt deprive tho Exhibition of ono of its principal features. Batiiixh A<-co51jioi>ati»x. — From the' bil lowing, copied from a Sydney paper, it would seem that Luuiiceiton is not tho only plaoa where tho civic fathers neglect thoir duty ' In its bathing accommodation this city, to its disgrace, is far behind others which lmvo not nearly so many suitable places for tlio orcction of baths. The Kandwick Council has beoi for years 4 talking about' having a public bathing place, and will doubtless continue to 'talk' until sliained into action by ono of its own members being drowned," The latter Iiurt evidently strikes at the key uotoof hmccchs, mt we are afraid our Aldermen arc not given to much bathing, so in this respect our chances nro remote. An Economics!. Bonnet. — A leather bon net (tho Court Journal says) has just been produced ; it seems a remarkable notion, but is evidently patronised with a view to economy on account of its overlaying wear. A'ct tho etlcct of a round hat of a pronounced color— for it is more a hut than a bonnet — with a red feather and a steel buckle, Is picturesque, even melodramatic— almost a little brigand-like. ' Invalid Depot Band Conckuts. — Tho usual weekly band concert was hold last ovon ing, when there was a good attendance. Tho following programme was performod by tho St. Joseph's Band in a very creditably ninn- nor:-— Slow march, "Druids I'rnccssioual polka, "Liberty;" waltz, "Juliet;" quad- rillo, lliborniau march, »" Shyrian waltz, "Jlappy Thoughts" (by desire); march, "Nancy Leo r galop, "Princess Alurlc and tho National Anthem. Tub Cui-swictv Disasteu and AIininu Sionals. — The Atjc says : — Tho ovidenco takon boforo the coroner's jury and the verdict and rider, whatever elso is left obxeuro, loaves-no doubt of the necessity of sonio instantaneous mode of signalling from any point of danger to any and every part of a ' initio where men are at work. At the present liumiunb an invention, or adaptation of mi electric alarm is to bo seeu in operation at the Pluunix Chambers, Market- street. It communicates from the outside of Air Sauuon's office to the inside of Mr French's front ollice, aud tlio whole process can be scon at a glance. Distanco makes no difference, and tho one instrument can bo connected with any number of places, Communication is in stantaneous. . l<qr example, tho instrument could be placod in tho ongine house of a mine within reach of tho hands, ami always under the oyes of tlio engino-drivcr. The smaller signal (Hals would be in cnch dnvo near tho face, nud cnu bo moved ' as rcnuiro 1 us easily: as a pick or a shovel, and only tho actual breaking of tho wiro can affect tlio result. Froin ono of tho faces, say 2000 foot front tho tlinft, tho handlo of tho smalt idinlis pulled round to tho-word "Danger" or "Escano," ns thocaso.iuny bo. jnstatitftneousty tliobolliingsinthoongiiio liouso, mid tho in- strumont records wliat urivo tho signal is from. But without .waiting to r ascertain tliut, tlio en- gino driver pulls tlio handlo of tho instrument t<vtho saino word, and in loss than ono moment of time, tho, signal is repeated in every drivo .or, part of tho. mi, no connected with tho engine 'housQ.y. . This niiiquo signalling instruiuont is not 'a1 theory,'' but a matter of fact, and is in tho hands of'a few gbntlcincu, who assisted tlio inventor to perfect liis model, and wo under stand it is. thoir intention to form a company to bring tlio invention before tlio public, not only for- the miner, but for general ut-o. it has tho advantage also, of being cheap, ,and so simplo in 'construction that it cannot got nut of oruor and requires no skill to operate with it. Tho 'Alinistcr of Lands nud Air Couelunan havo :Doon mvitcu to ins>ect it during tho week. ItEl'OUTKl) FkNIAN ThHEAT TO BUHN down Paht of London, — A correspondent of tho Holiic A ?cics states tliat recently a letter . was received at the llutiio OfHco, signed "Kory of ktlie.Hills," in which the writer stated that in consequence of a decision which had been como to by " tho coininitteo for burning public ! buildings," arrangements hail boon made for sotting firo to ono or inoro of the Government buiidincrs failing which other largo buildings, -such qs' a; hospital or, group of warehouses, would bo marked out for destruction. The burning, it was stated, would take place between tho nights of the 15th and 21st ot De cember, and it yvns hinted thnt it was to bo an act of retribution for.tbu oxecutirm of the two »Ioycc,audr Casey for tho Alaamtrusna affair. .T|ib letter was nt firat regarded as a hoax, but, from other" information which reached the .authorities, it was deomcd advisable to double the police guard nt the wholo of tho 1 Govern- niont mid other public buildings at the AVcst End and in tho city, whilst instructions woro i-jsued' to tho . imiIico throughout < the motro- politau district to bosticcinliy vigilant in look ing after all largo buildings. It may bo remembered that an anonymous luttor was sent to tho authorities in 18(17, ' just before the attempt on tlio Houso of Detcutionj' warning them of what was to takeiplac'o, whilst nuotlier letter of, a similar nnturo was sunt in March hist prior to tho fires which' took.-, placo at' the Albert Docks, .thus onabliiig'stups to, be takon to! prevent, iyhiit othorwiso';would .doubtless have been- a- very terriblo dcsthictioii of pro perty !:!A Man1 Cut to Pikuks.— An acc'dont of li shocking naturo happened recently on the sub urban liho'riear Burwood, N. S. \y., whero li' man named Timothy Donnelly was run over and cut to pieces by a 'passenger train, Tho body, in a frightfully, mutilated1 state, was found on tho up track, just tho other side of Burwood, shortly after U o'clock p.m. The l ight arm and both' tho legs were cut off, land tlio, body itaolf was completely cut. in two picccs.-o t.-Tlie1 wheals of the oiigino attaclied'to the passenger train, which passed Burwmai about 8.40; woro notlcod'tii bo (stnined with bloiid, mid this led, to tlio discovery of tho ac-' cident. The uufortiiuiito man was seen on the lino late in the evening, when he had ft bucket and a paste brush , with him, niid those articles were' afterwards1 found near tho' spot where ho was ruiiovor; Thomaunorinwhich ho niot with liis death is .horrible, for tho body. was actually disembowelled ; ono of tlio .wheels of tho ongiuo must havo >assed over both his legs after striking him, as tho lower parts of those limbs from 'tho kncoa downwards wore only hold to the thighs by tho? ligatures. The head and the trunk as far as tho. waist wero intact. Several of. tlio fingers nud the thumb of the left hand wero cut off, and wero found apart from the: other portions of tho body on the line.' " i! ' . The Knomsh Eleven.— The Quccnrfunitcr tsays:— VTIiere scents to bo a pretty general impression among the masses, that the English Eleven have an interest in tlio gate money, or in other words derive pecuniary benefit from the ' vnrinus matches they play in, tho colonies,: wo think it right to explain exactly jiow tuo case staiius. xno present team caiuo over on tho invitntibn of the Melbourne Cricket Club who aro the only gainers or losers by tho transaction. The gentlemen of the English team havo thoir oxponsos paid, and nothing more, and, consequently have no interest in tlio receipts, but wi)l return to England without having mnde a penqy by their tour. The four professionals— Barlow, Bates, Barnes, and Alorloy— aro paid by tho Alolbourno Cricket Club £200 each for tlio entire tiip, and £20 for spending irionoy, being tlio sum paid to each member of Shaw's professional team which visited Australia two years ago ; nud this when contrasted witl; t|;o ononqous sum divided among the Australian Eleven after their sea son in England, will see.m little enough, espe cially when it h remembered thnt all the pro fessionals are married men, uud that Barlow has loft a lucrative business iu Manchester to como out hero. The real gainers aro the Mel bourne Cricket Club, to whom tho visit of tho Hon. Ivo Bligh's team must havo proved a inino nf wealth. Tho lino of demarcation between nmnteur and professional in England is drawn very strictly, and cvory man who plays for money, no' inatter under what circuiustancts, i theroby'irrotriovably disqualified as an ama teur. The Divorce Lawh.— The Home Nctr states that tlioro is a rumor afloat of an approaching change to be wrought in tho law of divorce. It appears tlinfe sovci al conscientious members of the clergy havo announced their intention of refusal to colcbrnto tlio sucond marriage of any divorced pai-tioj. "The ceremony of divorce lias become of lute almost as frequent as that of marriage," says a zealous minister, "and until somo now description of the parties pre senting themselves for a second marriage bo found 1 shall eortamly object to solemnising tliu uuioii. What is tho woman? Neither maid nor widow. AVhat is the man ? Neither bachelor nor widower." Tho marplot lias already received hundred of letters of ad hesion from the clergy, and tho questiou is being loudly discussed nmongst the high dig nitaries of the church. t Palliating 1)runkknnk.ss. — \Yliutnumpn o it is to talk of tho disadvantages qf getting drunk (says a London correspondent in the Ail/an) when drunkenness is considered an ex cise for every not of brutality. A gontlcman last week rubbed a hot poker over his wife's throat und lugs, as though it had bcou an em brocation. It was urged, however, in his de fence, that it was done in a lit of "tho horrors." under the influence of which ho hud previously bocn fined for throwing boiling wntor over somebody else ; so that hit only got six mouths' imprisonment. It novor strikes the nuHs- trate in such oases that tho victims thomsclvc havo " the horrors" midor this kind of treat ment. Oil on Tkouiilkd AVateiis.— Recently tins East Anglian, steamer, from Arannouth, in charge of Captain Boachor, made tho ontraueu into lyucinoiitli harbor during a heavy gale, and when grout danger attonded any vessel passing the bar. Tho master roports that lie resolved to try tho effect of 7»it upm tho waves, mid stationed two men, each with a two gallon bottle of oil, at tho vessel's bows, ono on cither side. Tho oil was gently jKunctl iqsui tho broken" water, nud tlio effect was that it bccamn comparatively smooth ut once, and tlio vessel passed into tho harbor with little diffi culty. Tho oil used was that usually bunit in the ship's lamps, ami only four or live gallons wero pouted upon tho sea. A Ghost Srouv. — A vory circumstantial ghost story is disturbing tho mind of Now York. Tlio editor of tlio Arcit> York World vouches for tho good faith of liis informant— a - professional man of highTcputu. Tho houso in which tho manifestations occur is a now one, ami is lot out in fiats. Tho following aro a few oc currences ns told by un cyc-witncss who wont sceptical, but soon found that .something more than ordinary was up. First of all, there was much knocking the front door. It wur watched, opoued uud closed, boforo and be hind, but the knocking still eaino, ulwaysin four strokes, sounding like blows struck with billets (J wood. Then cinno bell-rinjings in all parts of tho house. Tappings woro hcavd on tho glass of the windows ; tho coats of tl:o boarders foil down from tho hat-rack, each fall ing a yard apart. The plut-h cover of a round table, standing in tho hall, gracefully floated onto tins' floor. A blothcM-prop was hurled over the top of n >orticro ; the walking- sticks standing in tho hall wero flung up in different directions, and boforo tho scared residents lmd recovered, a loaf from an oak dimng-tablo was imrlcd through tho hull for 20ft., striking tlio wall and coming to the ground with a fearful crash. Another table took a scries of somcr- Huultx. Such violent goings-on lmd such a had olFoet upon somo of the family that tlioy began to think of retiring, when a frightful shriek ochoed throughout tho whole dwelling, pierc ing, and evidently coming from no luunnn throat, followed by " soft, insinuating" whistles. In tho ovoning " it" tiieil a few notes in arpeggio, and was successful in kecp- ng time and tunc with the pit no, Tlio tone of tho whistle was sometimes that of a fog-horn ; at otiior timo sounding like the " blowing iu tho iicck of n bottle." All this is said to bo a " plain, truthful statement of facts," substan tiated by five witnesses. Bevies of policemen havo searched in vain, and a curious English dotectivo has been b:\flled. AVatkr Bicycles. — Two stylos of water bicycles, tho Girard and the Standard marine bicycle, havo been exhibited (a London paper states) at an American fair by the l'ortsmouth Marine B'cyelo Company. They aro novel in appearance, and are evidently serviceable, comfortable,: and easily , manngod. Tho Standard is a combination of a " catamaran" boat, bicycle, sail-boat, nud marmo propeller, Tho boat part of it, mado of whttci pine, consists of two "floats," as they aro termed, oach 20ft in longth, 7in wido, and 3ft apart, connected by four cross bars of oak fastened to the floats by lag screws. Tlio craft contains steering bar, rudder, propeller, nud paddles, the latter articles being used in going to or from shore, or wheiever tho water is ton shallow for working tho propollor. Tho sent, handles, and paddles are so adjustable that the nincliino cnu be run by a 12-yonr-old boy ; Indies easily work them. An awititig is carried, which can bo instantly changed into a sail, and as quickly readjusted into an awning. Tlio backbone supporting tho awning can also bo quickly removed and replaced by a lady's tricycle seat. The oporntinu of the marine bicyclo is identical with that of tho road nrticlo, is strong, durable, profiled with great rapidity, and altogether constitutes a desirable pleasure and touring bont. ' British Soil.— Tho' theory that a British man-of-war is " British soil" in whatever part of tho world she may bo has been at last fully oxtchdod to British merchant ships. Two inqn woro recently charged with stealing, nud, on acquittal on thnt indictment, with receiving with guilty knowledge a number of Egyptian bonds, which had been taken from a British ship while moored to tlio shore nt Koddcrdniu. Tlio case turned on tho question whether a British ship was equivalent to British ter ritory, and the Judges of . tho Court for tho Consideration of Crown Cases Reserved have decided that any IwnajitU English vessel sail ing under the protection of the English flag is, to all intents and purposes, British territory, whether mooru'l to tho shoru in nnothur coun try or sailing tlio high seas. This decision will bo accepted ns in accordance with common iscnsc. Tho only question is whether a foroign courb'of justice would not havo' como to an opposite conclusion in tlio circumstances re corded above, whero tho object of tlio prose cution was to'sccuro the conviction of wiomr- doors. — Colonic# tnut India. \ AVhiuh was the Gentleman ?— A horso car was proceeding up Sliawmut Avenue ono after noon lately, and among, its freight of precious human lives it Imre six young men, all irrc- tmmchubly dressed, and to their own minds nt least, of engaging « personal appearance. Bunclied up iu a corner, also, was a man whoso linen and complexion gave color to the opinion that ho was engaged in tho plastering trade, ami whoso feature indicated that ho was of Hibernian extinction. Tho car was cnpvtled, and bumped along slowly, and presently, there entered a young woman of considerable charm of features, and looked about for a scat. Tu- Htnntly tho plasterer and tho six ulnborntely- d roused young men gob up and in ono breath tendered her the 'choice oi sovon separate mid distinct scats. (She accepted that which was offered by < no of the gildo 1 youths, whereupon tho plasterer and the five remaining young men sat down again. Presently a coloured woman with a big bundle came in and Inmg on to a strap while tho young men remained in their rcspcctivo K>sitious, na ' if ccmouted thereto. Thorettpon tho plnstorer, after look ing up and down to see thnt nobody elso arose, got up and said " Plazo to tnko this sate, mum. i offered it to tho young leddy over yattilor whin she got in, but sho tuk thnt one o' tliim byes alongside! give to her. So you tnko this, for begorra ! if I should kapo it from yez after offcriu' it to tho oLlicr leddy tho folks aboard tho car moight think I was a smashor, an' I've got a clmrncktcr to sustain." And, thus speak ing, he took his old clothes nud a kit of tools that lie fished up from under tlio sont to tho front platform, and all tlio youths. looked out nt him and gazod at ono another, and knew not what to say, uud there was silcnco in that car for tho space of a block and n-half.— Jlo.iton Journal. vn in i man lUUllDhjt. 110 IlKlKtl) t'/il' 011- ivlc gives particulars of an ptrocjous niql wholoxnlu murder wljiel) pccuri-cf) recently hi Purueah. It beenmo Jjiiown to his paste-fel; Jows that one of their number had formed ap impro er connection with his dauglitor-iiitlaw, whereupon a mooting wjih held at which it wan dccidnd to ppt tho offender out of auto and fino him two hundred mpoos. With somo difficulty ho managed to pay the fine, selling his cattle, or a great imrtton of them to rni <o tho amount ; and in order to get reinstated nud restored to favor, I10 invited tho members of his caste to dinner, at which tho greater puit of the guests were entertained in tho "o/q//oraq" and tho principal men, to tlio number of seven, sat down to tho ineal inside tho house. Tho doors remaining closed, and no signs of actual life issuing next morning from the liouso, a forcible entry was effected, and an awful m»cc- toclo presented to tho horrified intruders. Tim sovon cluof guests woto all lying dead, their throats having been cut with a kukri," while their treacherous host was hanging as lifeless ns themsolves from a licam in a ncighlxuiring room. The soven unfortunates must liavo been reduced to insensibility by somo drug or nar cotic administered in thoir food or drink, which tho demur if tho feast probably pro- pared with liis own hands to show his recogni tion of tho favour recently conferred upon him by his readuiiKsion into castu ; and it is im- pn-sihio that one man should liavo cut tho thnmts of seven others likq sheep without having first obviated all losistanco ou thoir part. Prehistoric Footprints in Nevada.— Tho recent discovery of human footprints at Carson, Nevada, has created great interest in Amor lean scientific circles. At a meeting of tlio Cali- forniahyVcnilquiy qf Sciences, Professor Joseph Ijecontc dctujlcd tho results of a cnrofpl ex animation which he has limdo nf tips JnenJity. The Professor arrived at the conchtsion that if tho footprints were not in a qunrtornnry for luutioii they were not likely to bo older than tho upper plyoeono passing into quarteniary. Ho observed that no one who studied tho trackscould fail to notu their reuiarkable general resemblance to human footprints, both in their form nud in tho apparent singleness of each Impression. Thoir sizo oallcd for ox plnuation ; for although well defined as rights and lofts, thoir straddle was unusually wide. Tlioy might have l»eon mado by n lnunaii foot enclosed iu a raw hide sandal, much larger oxtcniully than tlio foot. Tho I war and mylodmi, or gigantic ground sloth, could alone ninkon track at all resembling tlio footprints iu sizo and form, and they nro not the tracks of either of those ; they are those of a biped, more likely man or tho lmthroimid ape familiarly known as tho missing link iu tho chain of huiimii evolution. Tlio track was too much curved for any bear. Professor Leconto said ho knew of no animal but a hqicd which could make such tracks, but this was possible for a man with sumluls on to do. However, as a judicial mind, ho desired to hold his final scientifically expressed opinion iu reserve, awaiting further tetiinuiiy, — A Human Monhtkii.— Ono of . tho moat brutal murders that havo lately occurred was . tliat by a man named Grant, who was tried at Carlisle in Octobor. An English paper says : Tho wholo of the day was occupied with tlio investigation of a charge of wilful murder of his infant daughter nguinst Hugh Grant, laborer, Workington, on tlio 3rd October. From tho ovidcncu it appears that Grant, who is a young man of 21 ycara of age, had left Ins wife, whoso maiden naino wis McGowan, at Workington, in March last, and enlisted in tho army, llocatne homo about tho end of Sep tember, nnd on tho night iu question lio went to his fnthor-iu-lnw's house, whore his wifo wan residing with thn child that had only been born a month boforo. Tho prisoner's mother and a servant girl followed him to tlio house, nnd somo angry words passod between ids . niothor and daughter-in-law. Tho prisoner interfered, nnd a brawl took placo, tlio prisoner in the courso of it taking Ins child from a littlo girl in tho yard, smashing its head against Homo boards, nnd then throwing it on tlio roof nf a henhouse. It died in n few minutes. Tlio jury found tlio prisoner guilty, withnrucmn- mondntiou to mercy, and His Lordship passod sentence of death, urging tho prisnnor to plnco no reliance upon tho jury's rocotmiiQnda tion. Luminous Paint,—1 This useful paint may, wo understand, bo mndo by tho following simple method Tako oyster shells and clean thorn witli warm water ; put them into tlio firo for half an hour ; at the end of that tiino tako thorn out and lot them cool. Whon quite . cool pound them fino, and tako away any gray . Mparts as thoy aro of no uso. Put tho powder in a crucible itv alternate layers with flour of sulphur. Put on the lid ami coinont with . nmiu uiuuL- tiivu ii muii paste witn ueor.. ivnon dry put ovor tlio firo and bako for an hour. Wait until quite cold before opening tho lid. The. product ought' tube white. - You must . .separate nil gray parte, us thoy aro not luinin- pus.' . Mnko a sitter in the following manner j -r-Take ftpot, put aplecoof vory fine muslin very loosely .across it, tic utotiud witli a string, -put . tlio powder Into the to), and rako abimt until ' mily tho coarse powder remains ; open tho pot aria, you will find a vory small powder, mix it . ltito . a thin paint with gum wator,'ns two . thin applications arc bettor tlmn ono thick ono, . Thili'; will give a paint that will remain lumm- . : mis far Into tho night, provided it is oxpnscd to ; tho 'light during tho day. Population of the 'eanm— In n now ' edition of I3elim and Wappier's Bcvolkcrviuj drr Erde, tho totol |h>pulatiou Uf tlio globo is csti- . mntcd ut 1,433,887,500. It is only two yoars , ; sirico tlio last issiio of tho work, and thon'tho . estimate was- 1,455,921,500, , showing an ap- / paroiit dccpMso in two years of almost .'22.000, 005., This at first, seems strange, os- . ppcially lis the recont censuses of; all tho great / countries show an increase of 32,000,000 over tho ; previous- numbers. The apparent dis- cropancy is accnunted for by tho fret that the cdibirs of tho Jlcrulkcruny, on a careful revision of all tlio information as to tlio population of -/ Chin a,- have coino to tho conclusion tlint thoir former estimate was far too high, and that,! in stead of that vast empire having a population r of rivor 430,000,000, it doos not much oxcood 370,000,000, ivitli all its doiMmdont territories. Thoro lins thus boon an nctuat in crease of about thirty-eight million in tho population bf the globo— in increase, however, which must ho spread ovor 10 yoars, as many of the recent censuses avo decennial. For Europe tho present population is rated at 327,743,400, . showing an mcroaso of about 12,000.000 over . the proviuus' figures, by tho operation of tho censuses. In Asia, making allowance for tho readjustment of tho jHipuhition of China, , there has bcon an increase of 20,000,000, tlio . preseut population being set down at ,- 795,591,000.' _ Of this tho Indian Empiroclaims . about <me-tiiird, wliilo all the vast territory of itussiu in Asia supports a population ot only, ; about .14,500,000. The Central Asian pas-' sessions bf Russia have a imputation of only 5,000,000. With regard to the Coren, whose inhabitants have been estimated at various figures. from 7,000,000 to 10,000.000, Mossrs. Behtn nnd Wagner give 8,500,000 as probably near the truth. Tho population of Fersin they have reduced, on tlio basis bf recont informa tion, , from 8,500,000 to littlo mora than 7,500,000. . The auhtitai.ahian Mink.— Tho Minister of Miiics received a telegram from Mr Charles ' Stewart, iuspoctor of initios for tho Crcswick. 'district, on Thursday, stating that tho mon working in thn New Australasian Company's initio had nn Wednesday night cleared 2;>0ft of the south drive. If no further hindrance takes Since, and no fresh burst of water ensue, Mr towarfc expected tlint lie would bo nblo to commence survey of tho workings some tiino during Friday. Mr W Nicholas, another inspector of mines, 1ms arrived, and will nssist in making thu survey. A later telagram received from Mr Stewart contained tho fol lowing additional information "On Thurs day made a general inspection of Loughlin mine, uud tins day. in company with Mr ' Nicholas, inndo an inspection of the rise on thu south end of tho mine. Do not consMcr that thoro is any cause to fear flooding. Will forward, report re Australasian nunc; 85ft more to clean up. Probably ablo to tnnku survey on Friday night or Saturday morning." — Age. , , . AUrtTIl.Vi.IAN Oui AND NkWM.VUKCT HaNDI- oau.— From our intercolonial files wo learn that there lias boon a good deal of wagering on . thoso ovoiite, to bo decided on tho Flouiingtou course liext inouth. Tlic following wagers ' ' have been' iimdo s— 8 to 1 Navigator (taken), and (» to 1 offered. £500 to £40 is offered on the field for the Newmarket Handicap. Thero aro many commissions in tlio 'market to back for . yaruniH stables, but commissioners are waiting more liberal odds. Double ovont books have been oncned on the Cup and ' Handicap, fancy picas boing nt £1000 to £8 gator and Cetowayo or.Ericthoncus. A Tunnki.' Undku thk Ki.uk.— With its largo ports, its vast (jocks, its hundreds of vessels arriving from all party ot the globe, 'Hairjlmrg presents a mo.it. livoly picture of iqaritmie activity. In front uf thq principal portion of tlio town, on the opposite bank, is uituutod tlio island Stolnwoidcr, wluoh contains . a mi nbornf dncks. Stoamshipd aro rogularly convoying travellers and merchandise between this lHlnnd arid Hamburg. It is now proi>o.scd to tunnel under tho Elbo in order to. connect the twb slmres. Tlio length of tin's tunnel will bu about half a mile, and will cost about £14,000,000 ! Swkllino of Oahuo.— Tlio following is a curious example of tho formidable power of . molecular forces. Tlio Italian ship Fiancesca, loaded with rice, put into jinrt on May 11 at- East London, leaking considerably. A largo forco of men was at onco put on board to pump , nut tho water cnnteiiiod iu the ship and to un load her: but in spite of all tho activity exerted tho . bags of rico soaked in water gradually, nnd swellod up. Two days after wards, oii May 13, tho ship wus violently burst asunder by this swelling of her cargo. 