OUR PARIS LETTER. (n:oM oun iMiiis cokuesi'oxijunt. ) i Aius, September 2:-?nrl The Tonquin muddle "is ,*13 good as a play. China will not have France for a neighbor, that's llat, nor will sho allow her to pocket Auatn. The negotiations having arrived at the psychobgioal mo ment, tlio foreign minister bubs, to purge his liver, or fortify his stcmach *, the primo minister himself, Jules Ferry, and the only able man the Itepublh can boast of, takes up the cudgels, but tl;e Chinese ambassador, though wearing huge spec tacles, perceives no moihis rhiudi. The commander of the expeditionary forces, General 13ouet, whom tho government believed to be on tho trail of the Black Flnggers, suddenly turns up at Hong Ivong, no one knows why—and since he cannot be found. A substantial reward ought to be offered to whoever can dis cover his whereabouts. Tho Government has to depend for its telegrams 011 the JLoudon and New York press : yet there was a time when Prance was rich enough to pay for her glory. Tho Hovas' new agency, though boasting of a capital of eight million francs, does not supply its subscribers with direct telegrams ; it bashes up those wired by others. In tho mean time public opinion commences to smell a rat. All the money voted for the Tonquin expedition lias been spent, and the War minister is so obstinately right, that lie will not send further reinforcements till the parliament be convoked, money voted, ami daylight let in on the secret motives for seizing Ton quin, and the riddle explained, why so much resistance is opposed to the appa rently platonic demands of China. Por years the French have demanded tho right of Reunion, and now when they virtually possess it 110 person of sufficient courage can be found in the whole coun try to call a public meeting, and denounce or approve the brand new policy of the ministry. There is not even the ghost of an extra parliamentary utterance. The radical deputies, judging tho moment has arrived for nailing the ears of the Cabinet to tho pump, and preventing the republic from drifting into its Mexican war, have issued an address demanding the immedi ate convocation of parliament. Even were tho deputies convoked that will not much clear up the mysteries of Tonquin; competency in colonial and diplomatic matters is the last of their accomplishments, but as the legislature forms part of the constitution, it has tho right to be formally consulted. The na tion commences to ask what business have we at Tonquin ; what is to be gained Oy expending millions of treasure and thou sands of lives to benevolently open up fresh markets for German}7 and England, since France will not bo allowed to have separate and selfish clauses for tradiiur. Tho Krouhmir adventure has brought no luck either to Prance or tho republic ; and the press is to blame for its want of manliness to tell tho people the truth. It labors to keep up the delusion that the French are tho salt of the earth, and would try to conceal that there are na tions who give themselves no concern at all about Prance. The French acutely feel they 110 longer fill the public eye of the universe. This something between neglect and indifference chafes them, and linds vent in vituperation and stage thunder—measured, towards Germany ; mixed, in tho case of Italy ; but puro from the spring as addressed to England, the only useful friend left Prance on tho Continent. I do believe that the French were tlicy told unpalatable truths, as do the jour nals of other nations, they would in timo prefer that courageous bluutness to tho nauseous productions served up for their vanity. Hut this would exact what French journalists lack, solid education. There is never any back bone in their articles ; repartee does duty for facts ; a sneer re places a judicious reflection ; and pride excludes historic truths. It is the case, " Where blind and naked ignorance Delivers brawling judgments, unabashed, On all things all day long." The autumn manoeuvres of tho French army have not obtained unequivocal ap proval from the representatives of foreign powers. Perhaps too much has been ex pected ; but the best way to measure the progress of the reorganisation is to com pare its present elliciency with what it was. This organisation would have marched more rapidly, had tho war oiliconot changed so often its chiefs, or possessed an occupant who to marked capacity united an iron will. Then the generals rather obstructed than aided tho reforms, and until a good number of them be weeded out, and replaced by young blood with modern ideas, the progress of the French army must remain handi capped. The King of Spain on his voyage to Germany, passed through Franco like a Cook's excursionist ; lie will return in a week, and putting his incognito in his carpet bag, will blossom into a real king. He will receive a loyal reception. The ob ject of the fuss and feathers is not clear ; it cannot be intended to rejuvenate that old Rozinante'—the Latin alliance, as lost to sight as King Dagobert's famons panta loons. The last blow-out France had was in honor of the Shah of Persia, fetes that never paid. It will bo a treat to allow republicans to got a glimpse at an an nointed king, at any rate. The Comtc de Chambord made himself known only by his Chesterlield letters, and as for the Comte de Paris he has buried himself like a Trappist at Hp. It is from Yoetat, and not Louis XIV., that the rising generation of Frenchmen form their notions about monarchy ; Jenny decking the head of the former with a cotton night cap instead of a crown, excites more historical interest than the grand chamberlain handing Lamia his bag 1 to cover his wen. Victor Hugo's mosaic son-in-law, deputy Lockroy, did important service to j the world at large, by obtaining the demolition of all the old houses surround ing the Uibliulhcqii.c Rationale. He is now following up his good work. It is understood that a copy of every book printed in France, shall be deposited in the National Library. It is the printer, not the publisher, who is legally bound to make the deposit. Mark the result: frequently a work is printed by differ ent establishments in the provinces and in the capital ; each printer deposits his portion of the sheet, the cover is gene rally struck off at a different oflice, and the illustrations likewise, if tho latter bo executedoutof France; nodepotis insisted 011\. Thus a book arrives in patches at the National Library from various printers, and becomes useless if not bound by the authorities. Henceforth, the publisher will bo called upon to deposit the volume in the state offered for sale, and tho printers will continue, as hereto fore, to send to the Homo ollico a copy of everything tliey print, under a penalty of line and imprisonment if omitted. Madame Bernhardt states, she married because it was the ouly tiling in life she had loft untried : ladies before now have got married to enjoy the sensation of being a widow : slie lias long since been "amicably separated" from her husband, who complains ho got all tho worso and none of the better in his marriage, but she holds out the prospect to engage him at her theatre, if he continues good. Sarah is writing a play, founded on hor "Memoirs," about being published, and will act the heroine. In the mean time she is appearing in "Foufrou," at the Porto St. Martin theatre, that excellent comedy of Parisian manners, written fourteen years ago by Messrs Meillinc and Halery. Slie is not so successful in delineating the thoughtless, childish, doll wife of Sartorys, as poor Allle. Desclee. She conceives "Foufrou" from the tragic point of view. The death scene is very oU'ective, and so is that of the quarrel be tween the sisters. I think Croizette would cause even more pockcthandker chiefs to bo wetted, .Nilssori, to keep up her voice, drinks a preparation of extract of meat when sallying from the green room ; Grisi relied on porter ; Madame Bernhardt before commencing the dying scene, indulges in ham sandwiches, sur rounded with several cats mewing and purring for crumbs. The Opera-Coir.iquo lia3 opened with Meyerbeer's " Pardon do Ploerinol," a work certain to be revived once a year. Meyerbeer desired not only the passions and sentiments of his personages, but i wished to introduce natural phenomena no woll -as rain. storm, sunshine; to these he added shepherds, huntsmen; reapers, etc. But one thing he lacked—comedy ; this has been compensated by other beauties. Mile. Morguillier was Dinorah, and in point of singing and vocal graceful ness she was a success. Beiug stout, and promising to rival in this respect Alboni, her playing with the goat, and executing the shadow dance, were ungainly. The "NouveautGs" theatre has inaugu rated its season with "Lo Jour et la Nuit," Lecocq's three act comic opera, and worthy the composer of "Mme. An got" and "La Petito Marine." Tho public relished the revival of this charming and delicate music, as if a fresh production, warmly applauding the numerous choice morsels. It is but echoing tho genoral verdict to record, that tho government autumn show of pictures not unknown to famo is not a success. Threo years is not a suffi cient interval to allow artists to prepare novelties : painters do not change their stylo as rapidly as milliners. M. Jules Ferry, since ho has China also in hand, deserves not the "less a peacock's feather, for the sumptuous decoration of the Palace of Industry. M. Thuillier was the most distin guished of Pasteur's assistants, and was one of tho delegates sent out by the French Government to study the cholera in Egypt, and perhaps to saddlo the English with having imported the plague from Bom bay. On the eve of concluding his labors, young Thuillier, aged only 27, fell a vic tim to the malady. Franco, like other nations, contributes largely her victims to science, and all meriting a prominent place on the head roll of fame. Dr. Bechamp, an able authority, continues to batter at Pasteur's theory, that all infec tious diseases are due to the germs of the malady floating in the air, and lodging in our body these develop if we are not in good health. Bdclxamp maintains these spores or microbes are inherent to our economy ; that no one ever yet obtained an atmospheric microbe to inoculate a rabbit, a dog, or a guinea pig. He adds, we know nothing at all about cholera, and considers quarantines as the best hot houses for the development of plagues if tho latter originate in the air. The Jardin d'Acclimatation has added to its many scientific attractions a pano rama of the antediluvian world ; there the plesiosaurus, megatherium and other monsters can be seen enjoying their ease, or sporting or fighting ; the vegetation of the epoch is in harmony. Other natural history panoramas will follow. This is more humane than bringing live specimens of Zulus, Abyssinians, Esquimaux, Terra del 'Pucgians, and Kalamucks to contract consumption in return for a franc a day. Dumas is attributed the honor of hav iug discovered the Mediterranean. In one of his romances he alludes to tho Eng lish making overtures to a local magnate, whoso territory could prove a " Gibraltar in prevision of the inevitable cutting of tho Isthmus of Panama." Thus tliero is nothing new under the sun. Sleep, as tho actor Sanson claimed, and that charity sermon sullercrs exercise, is a criticism ; so appears to be laughter, as some reporters, invited to witness the working of tho electric tram car, having laughed a few days ago when it ran against the sido of a house, the inventors dragged the invited from tho roof, aud threatened to do for them. 