MfSCBSBjBjANI&OUS.; The Syduoy Diocossnn Synod mot on Tuesday to rocommonco tho election of Bishop. There is n report that Mr. Archibald Forbos, the well-known war correspondent, who has boon locruring in Australia, lias married a lady worth £30,000 por annum. Three girls botweon 10 and 14 yoars of ago woro drowned nt Hodalla on .-Monday wlulo bathing in tho Tnross River. Tlioy. wont out of thoir dopflis and Martha Callaghan was drowned while trying to savo Sarah Gray and her sister Mary Callaghan. The largo emporium at d. work shops of Mr. Lowis, a building contractor and furnituro donlor nt Dnbbo, were: burnod to tho ground oil Saturday, night. A little boy, son of tho pro prietor died from burns sull'orod: boforo ho was takon out of the' flames by a heroic mother. .vTHE.'BuNYir Again.— In- tho old' country, during the fostivitos of Christmas, -whon with .ft. blazing fire on tho hoarth. whilo the snow flakes fall tlnok and. fast, without, how ofton will tho intorost of the company, gathered about that cheery looking hearth, bo rivottod by tho uttoranccs of ono of tho nnnibor in' somo thrilling ghost story. Wo have no shost story to toll tho reador, but a simplo relation of ail incident directly connected with ono of tho oldest of Australian traditions; whothor ' blacks or whites, viz. :— Tho actual apparition of tho Dunyip. A low ovonings ago as ono Of tho original lords of tho soil was -journeying towards his homo, situated amidst tlio hills of tho Uppor Shoalhaven country, ho, a little boforo dark, had occasion to cross tho river at a woll-known ford, and upon a clean sandy bank, a littlo abovo tho crossing place, ho saw, or it may possibly bo that a forvid imngination, working at tho hour of ovontido upon a woll grounded aboriginal snporstition, coinpollod him to boliovo that ho saw, a pair of veritable ' Ilunyips.' Tho narrator, most ppsitiyoly avbr.S;that:iie'saw q'iiito' distinctly two animals on the sandy bank of tho river, which wore a bout the liizo: o f largo foals and. with ; hoads ? like; 'heads': of diorses.!: fTho ? colour of ono,, lie says , was piebald; and that of tho . other croy. On seoins. the traveller the pair, which had ouch two foot and. a long: tail, immediatoly made lor. tho water and divod under the :surfaco!'out: of' his; sight;?, 'Nowj- / whether this is a yarn' of ? i magiriary1 origin1 or - not, -'it is quite in '.'aCcofdaiiiie., Sy?thvr',nt-i-iirbnf!'i¥'_fa6ta~-;.re«-.- 'relatod h'y other - pers()ns A\dio:hayo^^ tlioy also saw tho bunyip, nnd near tlio saino 'phico.' : So firinly'have such pi-ovioiis stateinonts been credited thnt.mou- havo ae.tun.Hy gone armed to tho river indicated and; .thisweonmimpbd for soveral : days with ''&e.;'.obiwt.^'oT^'8donl3ng .'a* 'speciinpii; It ^^ is now . stated -/.'that' ;.ari--ther.'purty. intend. to malco a wook's. encaininnont noar tho : samo' 'spot, to— if . possildo— hitj/ Ui. .Mnjor's Creok correspondent of ttrniilumod Dispatch. Serious Boat Accident .vi- Hatuman's Bay.' —On Tuesday, tho 19th instant (a correspondent informs us) : 'John: Hilton, of, Ba toman's Bay, with ^mother old man liamol Hudd and a littlo boy,- a son of -.Miltnn's. loft a placo oil the coast, south of Batemnn's Bay and known as Mostpiito Bay, in a three ton boat intending to rofuru to thoir homo at tlio Clyde. -Tho weal, hor. at tho timo beiiiLT vjry squally, soino short timo aftor loaviiur tho boat was capsized when some distanco off | the land.- All threo inanaired to-got u|i on tlio boat's sido, sho apnarontly hoinc;. kopt on hor broadside by the assistance of tlio mast and sails and hor peculiar build. This orcuried about 11 o'clock in tho foionoon. The poor follows managed to secure themselves with somo goar to tlio boat so that : they, should not bo wrisliod off,' and assigned ' fhoni'solvos', tn \\\\-li:i t -appeared to . thoin to bo a lingnring donth. as there . -was but vory- romoto prospoct of thoir being, seen by any, ono j: from, ,tho shoro. Most fortnnatoly for thoso-jioor follows, tho wind in tho .nvoning camo up t'rom .the south, and froiTi .tliiit'rounfl-to the east, which drove tho , boat within, t-ho- const lino so that shofolt, the action of tho ebb and-flow of tide, and froth. this, causo.they dnftbd all through'' tliat woary_night parallol with tlio coast, and at times gottiug close in shore, with, tho prospect of being dashed to pieces on. th'c : rocks -had she boon landed on some parts of the ruggod coast. About 10 o'clock on AVednesdiiy the ? boat had drifted back again off Mosquito Bay, -by this time tlio poor follows woro quite stiff : and bonunibed through boing so long in that dread ful position, nnd tho boy was unconscious. It would appear that a man froin 'Mr. Sibbon's. saw mill, which? is located thore;- 'was up on a high poiiit of liind; and looking out to soaho espied what -he, thought was a boat swamped, with two mon in hor. Ho called somo of bis mates when thoy all became satisfied that it was a boat. They only - having a dingy there, and the sea being rather rough, thei difficulty arose as to how they should aid the sufferers whoovor thev might bo, but Mr. J.' Sibbons most courageously went off in the dingy by himself and found that it was poor Milton with his son and mato, Budd, who had loft thero 24 hours previously. Ho took them all into tho cockle shell of a boat and brought them safe on shoro, whore most fortunately Dr. ; Ladmoro, from Bateman's Bay, had just arrived with Senior constablo McCarthy to make enquiries about them, as Milton's wife and family had begun to think that something sorious had lmpponod to them by being absent so long. Evory moans wns resorted to by all partios to bring about tho proper circulation and restore tho poor hoy which was somo difficulty (in his case) attendod with success. Aftor a fow hours rest and all tho attention that rmild bo given to thoso poor follows by ovory onqj at Mr. Sibbons' plnco, thoy started overland for home, a distanco of six or seven miles, tho old man Budd, actually walking back homo, which certainly tolls weil for tho strength and endurance of a man of sixty years, who had beon d lifting about for twenty-three hours lashod upoii the sido of a subn'.prgod boat in tho open feoa. Altogether this is another of thoso providential escapos from a 'watory grave of whioh we sometimes hpar. Noithor of tho mon could swim. Mr. J. Sibbons deserves all praise for tho determined mannor in whioh he so promptly wont to tho rescue of those poor follows in his small and frail boat in -a rough soa. Milton's boat was subsequently towod into Mosquito, Bay by 3omo of Mr. Sibbons; mon. Milton and Bucld now seem to bo but very Jtftlo tho worse for their long submersion, aj^lziiy; and perilous position. Not so with thajpoor -boy, who is only ten yoarj of ago, hjjflSis received a vory great shock to tho systoiniJftich will take timo and attention to brin^ijfcviKund.— Braidwood Dispatch, December 30. I \- -J'li 