CHAPTER XXIV.-PREPARING FOR TH? DlVOKCE. i Lord Durward, on recovering from ¡the* stupor or faint in .which he had fallen upon beholding the supposed ghost of Madeline, found himself benumbed with cold and terror. A clammy sweat covered his whole body, and he was so weak that it was with difficulty he arose to his feet. He tottered to his chamber and fell upon his bed, where he lay quaking with fear during the remainder of the night. It must not be supposed that his lordship was naturally so weak-minded and foolish as this. Had ho possessed a clear conscience, had his health been firm, and h¡3 nerves strong, he would never for a moment have imagined that the figure which had thus stolen into his grounds was the spirit of his dead wife, however much she might have resembled her. He would, instead, have gone quickly below to solve the mystery of her presence there. But a guilty conscience and bodily weakness make strange cowards of us all. Not a sound came up from the rooms beneath him, while he lay on his bed shivering with terror, to warn him of the strange visitor there, arid of whom there was afterward no visible trace. Morning found him exhausted and feverish. It was long before he was able to leave his ohamber again, and he continued to grow more nervous and irritable, having less and less appe tite, and taking HO interest in anything about him. í " Oh, if .Kenneth would only come !" was his constant cry. The doctor camé every day, but began to fear that his skill would avail little unless his lordship could be aroused from his present condition, and throw off the monomaniacal fancies which seemed 13 possess him. - . Three weekB and'more passed, when one morn ing there came a; letter stamped with a foreign I postmark, and directed in Kenneth's bold hand. The earl nervously tore it open, and eagerly read its contents.- . They acted like a charm upon him. His wan features at once assumed an expression of interest j his dull eye lighted with its old keen, and a smile of satisfaction wreathed his thin lips. ? He arose and dreEsed himself without assist ance-a thing he had not done before in many ?weeks.-. > r,"*-y . - ,.*r He i then rang: for* a isexVaht;-ándlordered a hearty breakfast ; and to add to the wonder which this unusual command occasioned he ate it as if he were ravenously hungry. . \ f Then he sent for his man of business, and laid before the crafty lawyer Kenneth's desire for a divorce, and bade him hasten his movements in the- natter just as fast as possible. Dr. Crawford came, and was surprised as well as. somewhat puzzled by the changée» in his patient ;*and upon being told by the countess tha he had received nows that pleased him, he re marked : " AU that was necessary was that he should have something to interest and amuse him." When his lawyer had departed, Lord Durward desired that Caroline should be sent for, and he communicated the fact to her that Kenneth had written him desiring him to use every/rkeans in his power to ebtain a separation from his wife. He was rewarded by seeing something of the old look of interest and animation return, to her sad face. ... " Is he coming home P" she asked, eagerly. " No, he is too sore and bitter to return just yet ; and it is justas well, too, for him toTrernain away until the bill is granted. Something might happen that they would meet 5 and if shç'-can, as she told me," explain! everything sae'isfaotorily, you know he would be'just foolish enough" to take her back again." , t " Where do you suppose madam and ,Nina went after their departure from London ?"; Caroline aBked, thoughtfully. :¡-_ Uni " I'm sure I don't know.. I presume they "-were glad to hide their heads anywhere, to eBcape'f rom the scandal which they created. , PerhapsHhey have returned to Rouen, where they, camefrom." * Oh, I hope not, for Kenneth being','on";the Continent, they might meet again," exclaimed the girl, anxiously. " That is so," replied his lordship, with afrown. "But we will not imagine or anticipate trouble it is real enough, and comes fast enough not to worry over shadows." " It's my opinion," he added, with a grim Bmile, "that Kenneth will keep clear of the woman for a while at least, and I believe he will get tired of wandering after a while, and be glad to come home for a little comfort. Then wiilbe your time, Caro, to make him realise the mistake he made in the first place ; but you must make up your mind to bo very patient and gentle, if you caro to win him." "Care to win him! Oh, papa, if Kenneth Malcolm would but bestow a tithe of.'the ^love upon me that he did upon Nina Leicester,'', earth would seem like paradise to me," she, breathed, with an intensity that startled him, "A. " Caroline, I had no idea that you cared for him like that !*' tho earl said, gravely. " Papa, did you never feel as if your^vory lifo depended upon anyone's affection for you ?" she as ned, with burning eyea. ., , " No, I do not think I ever allowed myself to become so infatuated aB that," he replied, with something Uko a sneer curling his thin lips. But almost involuntarily his thoughts went back to that night when Madeline had said, with that same intense eagerness as Caroline now manifested : " Tour love is tho ono thing in this world for which I caro most, and you know I love you-I love you so fondly," and in his sympathy for his daughter ho now began to realise some thing of what her sufferings had been beneath his coldness and abuse. " Papa, I do not believe you have any feelings for any one, or anything, except for glory and fame," Caroline returned, almost passionately, and stirred to anger by his sarcasm. " You mißtake there, my daughter," he replied, with sudden feeling, " for I am very fond of my children. You and Ralph havo been the pride and joy of my heart, and anything which affects you or your happiness causes me deepest coneem. My disappointment on your account, together with tho anxiety which I have suffered in seeing you so ill and miserable, was half, I believe, that caused my own sickness. But I haye great hopes now for the future, and if I can see my children both well established in life, I shall be ail right again." " I hope so, truly, papa." , v t " But my dear, it will never do to show Keilneth any more of that fiery temper of yours;: I You must make yourself over, if you expect to please him; do you think you can do it P" "I will make myself an angel, papa, if that will win him-though I fear he will, shun those celestial beings hereafter, since he always be lieved Miss Leicester to bo one, and was so deceived," Caroline said, scornfully../ " 1 do not care to have you turn into an angel just yet, only to get your impulsive nature under complete control; and that is ayery^hard thing to do, you know." ' ' "1 am a Durward, your lordship, and they can do whatever they will," se returned,' proudly. "Almost, I admit," and he laughed aloud for the first time in months ; then added :' " But when our resolute > Scott went; against us all, six or eight ; months , ago, I began to think that we were: not quite infallible after all. By the . way; who do you suppose that fellow, Louis, is ?" " I have not the slightest idea, papa ; there is only One solution as I see of that mystery-he must have been a lover, whom she had cast off, in order that she might b?come a countess. " What did he look like ?" He was somewhat taller than Miss Leicester, Very manly looking, and very handsome; 'He had very dark hair, almosb black, with blackneyes, add he wore a moustache. He must have 'be^n an old lover, papa, for no cousin or relative would be so tender as he appeared. The scene was really affecting, I assure you, to Bee her weeping 'upon his bosom, his arms clasped about her waist, and his lips pressed to heis.V " It musí; have been surely ; but it is no more than could have been expected- plebeian blood always betrays itself in some way or other. I only wonder Kenneth did not find her out for himself." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 