CRUMBS. RicketsoQ v. Barbour still drags its woary lonpth along. Mr. Taylor honoured with a torchlight procossion at Gulgong. A man named Bull, for the theft of a cer tificate of tiole, is being tried at the criminal court, Melbourne. __?? ' Mr. M'Elhone was harshly treated at Mudgee, Pine Ridge, and Dungaree— \ wouldn't hear him. Mr. A. G. Taylor now bejfig roturned to Parliament, we presumo his land-agency ?»fti-v-» will still be tho Legislative Assembly ! The Rev. Thomas Watson has boon appointed to tho Church of England, Mur rumburrah, the appointment to take effect from Easter Sunduy. The r*al worth of a, life should be measured, not by the times one has not stumbled, but by the times he has succeeded notwithstanding his stumbling. A heroine : Mrs. Ghinu, of Bongongoloug, lately shot two large snakes that had taken up quurters in her house. Mrs. G. is said to be an excollent marks woman, able to use the gun with any man. Subscribers of the Boomerang who find cross-bones and skull, with crest of metallic burial casket drawn in blood, on tho wrapper of their paper, will know that their subscrip tion has expired, and that something has got to be done. — Boomerang. A soldier has been tried by court-martial at Lenmore Barracks, Galway, for having left his post while on duty outside the gaol, alleging that he saw the ghost of M3'les Joyce, which frightened him away. His story was disbelieved, and he was sentenced ' to 12 months' imprisonment. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has been oustod from his position in Victoria ; and a Coalition Government has been formed between . Mr. James Service and Mr. Graham Berry, which means a fusion of freetrade and protection. But tho extreme circumstances of t'to colony warrant this step. * Mr. John Da vies has been successful in cleaving up one of the charges of corruption laid against him by his accusers. In Banco, Messrs. Young and Tayior (defendants) have been compelled to eat tho leek and admit that the charges were unfounded. They suffered a verdict by consent for 40/- each and costs. Mr. A. G. Taylor at Mudgeo: ' I hold a list in my hand of 35 members who I have seen drunk in the House within the last six weeks.' The Echo is screechingly anxious to know what said members have to say of this., as if it were not generally known that the truck to the refreshment room is worn like a stock- track to a station tank. You need not be afraid of giving too much. An old darky said once, ' If anv ob you know ob any .church w'at died of liberality, jest tell me whar it is, and I will make a prilgrimage to it, and by the soft light ob the pale moon I will crawl upon its moss-covered roof, and write upon the topmost shingle, ' Blesssd am de dead who die iu de Lord.'' A not very wide awake carpenter (says the Wagga Advertiser) was employed one day last week to repair an outhouse by nailin» up some boards from the inside. He did his. work so efficiently that when it was com pleted he was unable to make his exit, and had to remain imprisoned till assistances was obtained to knock down a couple of boards from the outside, when he was released. Mr. Justice Barry, at the Munster Winter Assizes at Cork last week, passed sentences upon prisoners who had been found guilty of various offences during the Commission. Two brothers, named Delahunty, for shooting with intent to murder, were sent to penal ?servitude for life; and David Fleming, for taking partwith another person in shooting and wounding, was sentenced to 20 years* penal servitude. According to a Dublin correspondent of a London paper, a statement' is current in Galway, and is gaining credence among the superstitious, that the ghost of M-yles Joyce, ' a man who declared his innocence of partici pation in tho Maamtrasna massacree on the scaffold, is seen nightly round and within the prison of Galway. Two soldiers, it is said, were visited while on their guard outside tho gaol, a night or two previously by a. tall, mysterious figure that laid hold of their rifles. The matrons and wardens have it is said, applied for a transfer. ' How a Newspaper got even :— The proprie tor of a restaurant advertised in an Arkansas newspaper, and refused to pay the bill at tho end of the month, declaring that it was*no benefit, and that he would not pay for what he did n«-t receive. The newspaper man remonstrated, and the Western man ordered him out of his house Tho next issue ol the paper contained a few paragraphs which did not prove uninteresting to the restaurant man :— » This world has ever been hi led with spiteful rivalry. Tho man who started the report that he found oat hair in the hash at Mackleton's restaurant is unques tionably a slenderer.- We have eaten at this restaurant, and we can truthfully say that we . . never found cat hair in the hash nor dog hair an the soup. Another man, regardless of truth, declared on. the streets yesterday, that ho found three crickets and a horse fly iu one, of Macklflton's biscuits.' Another paragraph said, 'Mackleton's restaurant is the best house in town. Don't believe the slanderous rumour that he uses hospital sheets for tablecloths.' The restaurant man was so mad that ho wanted to shoot the editor but cooling down a little, he swore out a warrant for arrest on a charge of slander. The editor was arraigned before the oourt but the -tust judge, after hearing the evidence and reading the paper, dismissed the case. The restaurant man hasn't had but ono customer since, and he was a blind man Learning that he was in Mackleton's, he heaved aud went out. It is not ririifc to obnat * uawspapcf. ---4r£an##t TvavMwl 