THE ENTERTAINMENT AT THE WORKING MEN'S HALL. An entertainment of a varied character was held on Monday evening last, at the Hall of the. Working Men's Society, for the object of raising a special fund, to supplement the books in the library. Seeing the pressing necessity for do ing something in that direction, and of endea- Yuunug lu sausLy tne uemanu tor new oooxs oy the members, the committee, at their last month ly meeting, a week since, resolved to use their efforts to organize an entertainment of some kind at once, and that of Monday evening was the re sult of their solicitations. Considering the hur ried manner in which the programme was ar ranged, and tbe little publicity that was given to it, the entertainment, I think, may be said to have gone off very satisfactorily indeed. About 150 persons were present, who, evidently appre ciated the efforts thus made to enliven the dull monotony of Geraldton existence The President of the Association took the chair on the occasion, and in a few words ex plained to the audience the object in view, and ; then called upon Mr. Boileau to open the programme by playing an instrumental piece. This was to have been played by a young lady who, unfortunately, was unable to be present. Mr. Boileau played a selection of airs composed, I believe, by himself, and played them well. Miss Walker followed with the well-known and fa vorite song " Strangers Yet," Miss Baston offi ciating at the piano. At its conclusion a round of hearty applause testified the appreciation of those who had the pleasure of listening to this really good song. Mr. Hague, who has often favored us before, and who figured as one of the best tenors in the defunct " Varieties," now came forward and sang a ballad, entitled " Does your heart beat true to Me." This elicited an encore which was, of course, acknowledged. Mr. F. Timperlcy then sang "The Man o' Wars- Man." A new song now rendered for the first time in Geraldton. Miss Timperlcy played the accompaniment. This song took immensely and an encore was imperatively demanded, when Mr. Tiinpcrley favored the audience with a rer petition of the two last verses. Mr. Gale filled the next place on the programme by reciting the major part of one of the canto's of Scott " Lady of the .Lake." This was given in Mr. Gale's best manner, and was, to say the least of it, a feat of memory. Miss Trigg next sang an Irish ballad " Eileen Allanah." This is a somewhat difficult soug to sing, but it found a good expo nent in Miss Trigg, who, saving for a slight ner vousness, sang it with the best effect, Miss Rostron playing the accompaniment. Mr. Ash- ton followed with " Gaily the Troubadour " to his own accompaniment on the banjo, and the first part of the entertainment was brought to a close by Mr. Carson giving an amusing recitation entitled " The Porter Outwitted." jter an interval of ten minutes, the second part of the programme commenced, when Mr. Victor Wright sang, in character, the comic song " That's another comfort for the poor old man." Mr. Wright's get up was capital, his identity being completely lost, and his rendering of this amusing song evoked tremendous applause. The accompaniment was played by Miss Walker, who also filled the next number by singing, " Roses underneath the Snow," with her usual success. Mr. Onslow Trigg now sang " The Ghost," a somewhat dolorous ditty with a par ticularly spirited chorus. Mr. J. T. Boileau next favored us with the song entitled " Though poor, I'm a gentleman still," which Barry O'Neil, of Pinafore notoriety, sung with much effect in Geraldton, and the music of which Mr. Boileau has the honor of claiming as his own composi tion. Mr. Hague again came forward and sang in character " The Prowling Swell." with snch success that he was vociferously encored. Mr. A. Carson filled the next number' on the pro- gramme by singing " Ths Arab's farewell to his Steed," the charming accompaniment of this song was well playod by Mr. Boileau. who. throughout was particularly generous in assist- ina to make the performance a success. Miss Trigg followed with " Highland Laddie," This favorite old hallad lost none of its freshness in its rendering by Miss Trigg. She was greeted with well- merited applause. Mr. H. E. Kenny was according to the programme next to have sang ' Danger on the Line," this however, was not forthcoming, Mr. Kenny pre ferring apparently one of Moore's melodies en titled "Let Erin remember tbe days of old." ' An encore was demanded, when Mr. Kenny sang ' The Sliamrock." Mis. Kenny played the ac companiment. Mr. F. Timperlev then followed with ' £ s. d.'" and for it, was loudly cheered. This ended the programme. The National An thorn was played, and. a very successful en tertainment was brought to a close. . The inevi table dance, however, followed, and the devotees of Terpsichore worshipped at her shrine till midnight. I should not to forget to observe that the best thanks of the public as well as of the Committee of the Geraldton Working Men's So ciety, are due to the several ladies and ' gentle men who so kindly lent their assistance on Mon day evening. 