The Wickliffe Murder. — On Saturday the trial of Burns for the murder of Michael Quinlivan, near Wickliffe, in 1880, was brought to a close. No witnesses being called for the defense. Mr. A. J. Smith, Crown Prosecutor, made a concise and very able address to tbe jury on the evidence that had been adduced. Very cleverly indeed did he dissect those mysterious letters written by Burns in order to allay the anxiety of Michael Quinlivan's relatives, and divert suspicion from himself. All the attempted explana tions were scattered like chaff before the wind, shown to be inconsistent with facts, and a tissue of cunningly told falsehoods. He was equally successful when dilating upon the strength of the circumstantial evi dence produced, and when Mr. Molesworth rose to make his speech for the defence, it was felt he had undertaken quite a hopeless task. He, nevertheless, was not dismayed, and with all the eloquence he possessed pa thetically appealed to the sympathies of the jury as christians and fathers of families not to condemn to death a fellow creature upon what was merely circumstantial evidence, and not to be relied upon. He failed to effectively break one link in the chain, how ever, and, doubtless having heard the report to the effect that one juryman at least was averse to capital punishment, and had de clared he would not have the blood of any man on his hands, he wound up a telling ap peal with a really grand peroration. In this he implored the jury not to return a verdict which they might afterwards have cause to regret, spoke of their responsibility in the matter, and reminded them of how merciful was our Saviour. It was all in vain. His Honor gravely and logically summed up, and in three-quarters of an hour the jury returned into court. That their verdict was adverse to the prisoner was quickly noted by their solemn and anxious expres sions,and the prisoner observed this also, as, for the first time, he visibly trembled. It was "guilty," and Burns was remanded for sentence. On Sunday he persisted in the declaration of his Innocence, and wept when looking at some portraits of his children. On Monday, when brought up for sentence he read a long, rambling state- ment, in which he made out that a number of the witnesses were liars, and again asseverated his innocence. Of this statement no notice whatever was taken by His Honor, who, in a stilled and crowded Court, | impressively pronounced the felon's doom. At the conclusion of His Honor's remarks, Burns gasped "Amen," and in course of his removal to the lock-up is said to have stated he did not mind being hanged, but regretted his fate on account of his wife and family. We believe the last dread sentence will be carried into effect at Ararat, to which town the wretched man was conveyed on the Sheriff's warrant by last night' s train. Political. — Monday's Argus says : — "In the Legislative Amenably to-morrow night, the debate on the second reading of the Railway Management Bill will be re turned, and, if possible, brought to a conclu sion. After the measure has been committed pro forma, the debate on the budget will be resumed. There is no intention on tbe part of the Government to introduce any fresh bill during the week, unless some very tempting opportunity presents itself." Capi. Cadell's Relatives. — We ob serve by the Victorian estimates that the three colonies interested in the navigation of tbe Murray have agreed to vote between them a sum of £1000 for the sisters of Capt Francis Cadell to recoup them the money they had advanced to their brother for the purpose of enabling him to complete his scheme for the navigation of the rivers. Capt. Cadell, it will be remembered, was lost in a pearl-shelling expedition in the Straits some two years ago, and the exertions he made to open up the interior have never been properly recognised. He brought the "Lady Augusta" np to Albnry about the year 1855, this being the first vessel that had ever reached those waters, and subsequently he opened np depots along that river and its tributaries, thereby laying the foundation of a large and prosperous trade. As usually happens in such cases, however, the original entrepreneur benefited others more than himself by his patriotic efforts, and after expending £9000 or thereabouts, Captain Cadell had to begin life over again. The somewhat tardy recognition of his claims, which we have now to chronicle, may prove serviceable to his relatives, and will redeem the colonies to some extent from the charge of ingratitude, which would most certainly otherwise have attached to them. We are sorry the vote was not larger, bnt neverthe less congratulate the Premier upon maL-ing some provision for the relatives of one who has done tbe State some service. The Stray Leaves Libel Case — In the Assize Court yesterday, Senior-Con- stable M'Gann sought to recover £1000 damages from the Hon. Angus Hackay, for some very severe strictures that bad been published concerning him In the Baidigo Ad vertiser. These had evidently been written under the impression that having expressed his belief in the innocence of Lilian Rrid, one of the members of the Stray Leaves Company, who, in 1880, was accused of child murder, he had, on his own responsi bility, continued the prosecution against her. As a matter of feet, probably not fully understanding the question put to him, be, at the Hamilton Police Court enquiry, ad mitted he had acted on his own responsibility. At the Assize Court, however, it was clearly shown that not only had he not done so, bnt that he had been more than nsoally cautious. That, not relying upon gossip, he had caused sworn depositions to be taken, and had sub mitted these to Ids superior officer, thereby terminating his responsibility. Afterwards be had lain an information, but in doing so was only carrying out bis Superintendent's instructions, and would have failed in his dnty had he acted otherwise. Upon there facts bring ascertained Mr. Mackays counsel consulted with " the other ode," and the case was brought to a satisfactory csnclusion by the tender of a manly and ample apology by the defendant. Thfe, on the payment of£70 costs, was freely accepted, and His Honor remarked it was highly honorable on the part of the defendant to tender so ample an apology. He might have added that the acceptance of the apology was equally praiseworthy on the part of Senior Constable M'Gann, for there is little doubt had tbe case gone to the jury, he would have recovered substantial damage By his conduct he showed that it was not greed for filthy lucre that caused him to bring the action, but a desire to clear himself of blame, and preserve unspotted the excellent repntation he has won for himself daring the eighteen years he bad been in the service. Lunacy. — A labourer named William Smith was arresfed on Monday at Preston- holme on' warrant, charged with being a dangerous lunatic He had been causing a great deal ot uneasiness, on account of going about with a knife and threatening various people. The accused will be brought np at the Police Court. Sale of Property.— On Saturday Messrs. B. S. Bree and Co. sold by auction the land in French-street, upon which is erected a ten-roomed dwelling-house, re cently occupied by Mr. King. The property fell to the bid of Mr. Stretch for £650. The Bushman's Home, with one acre of land, was withdrawn at £150. A corner lot in Kennedy and French street, with Mr. Fleming's bakery and four-roomed house, was knocked down for £71 to Mr. Lloyd. A Determined Suicide occurred at Crossley cm Saturday evening, when Thomas Roche, landlord of tbe Tower Will Hotel, and an extensive farmer in that district, hanged himself from the tester of his bed. He had evidently stood on the bed while he tied a towel twice round his neck and the tester of the bed, and had then shuffled him self away from his support. He leaves a widow and small family, and was in a very large and prosperous way of business. Stud Rams. — At the Deniliquin Show Mr. W. Moodie, of Wando Dale, gave 500 guineas for the best of the Boonoke prize rams. At the Sydney stock sales on Friday, by Messrs. Raleigh, Aitken and Co., ten of the Mount Fyans rams realized 2145 guineas, being an average of £214 12s. Messrs. Bowling's 30 Jellallabad rams sold at prices ranging from 13 to 30 guineas per head, averaging £21 44s. Mr. E. G. Greeves' 20 Borryallock- rams averaged £12 19s, the prices ranging from 7 to 35 guineas. Mr. Edward Willis, of Koolomnrt, had a feir sale, his draft of sheep evidently having been care fully selected. The number was 20 rams, which gave an average of £14 5s per head. The Lincoln eheep averaged as follows : — Mr. Thomas Rutledge, Farnham, seven stud rams, £23 lis each ; three flock rams, £10 10s each ; two stud ewes, £20 10s each. Mr. W. H. Hood, Merrang, four rams, £10 10s each ; two ewes, £15 15s each. Thomas Bath, Ceres, 25 rams, £5 5s each. Hamilton Farmers' Union. — A meeting of the above was held at the Victoria Hotel on Saturday last, with reference to the forthcoming ploughing- match, when there were present Mr. James Harman (in the chair), Messrs Henry, Tomkins, Crnikshank, S. Bagnall, J. Bagnall, and Riley. The secretary stated he had received letters from the following gentlemen, consenting to act as judges at the match, viz : Mr. Ritchie, Hamilton, Mr. Templeton, Coleraine, ' Mr. D. Morison, Grassdafe, and Mr. Harper, Byaduk. The Secretary announced that he had received a donation of £5 from Mr. Officer. It was resolved that Mr. Coe's offer to provide tbe dinner at the advertised pricehe accepted, also that he should provide the lunch on the ground. The secretary was instructed to write a complimentary letter to Mr. Officer, requesting bis attendance at the dinner, also to send complimentary tickets to the Mayor, the President of the shire, the Judges, the Press, Mr. Wiggins, and the members of the committee. It was decided that the gentlemen intrusted with the preparing of the ground should meet at ten o'clock on Wednesday next. Stock and Stations. — Messrs Macdermott, 3j>ughna|i, and Scarr. report having sold, on account of Mr Andrew Broad, one-half share in all his m 'Arthur River and Limmen's Bight country, in the Northern Territory, of South Australia, con sisting of an area of 14,579 square miles, at a high figure, Messrs. A. and R. Amos being the purchasers, making a total of 32,000 sqnare mBes sold for the above gentlemen this year. j Tbe Exploring Expedition des patched to New Guinea hjThe Argus, nnder the command of Captain Wflliam e. Armit, | f.ls., arrived at Port Moresby on the 10th i inst This intelligence has been brought to Thursday Island by Mr. Goldie, a naturalist, who bas sprat some time in New Guinea. Captain Armit and his party report all well They are completely equipped, and will be prepared to enter on their task immediately Professor Denton, the American geologist, iriiota nwentiy teen on a lecturing tour in Mb. Offices has been, appointed 1 vice-president of the Central Board for the j Protection of the Aborigines, vice Mr. Anderson. Deputy Registrar of Births, &a; — Margaret Tyrer has been appointed as above tor the district of Balmoral, vice F. Tyrer, resigned. Local Land Boards. — The follow ing fixtures for the hearing of reasons against forfeiture of holdings nnder the Land Act, are gazetted : — Horsham, 2Sth August; Nhill, 29th August South Australian Libel Case. — The arguments for a rule ntri for a criminal information against the S. A. Segisler for publishing a libel against the Commissioner of Lands, were concluded on Friday. After hearing the arguments, the Court made the rule against Mr. Thomas, the publisher, absolute. Horsham Gas Company. — The balance-sheet presented at the half-yearly meeting held tbe other day, shows a loss of £60, but the directors and shareholders con sider that under the circumstances the com pany has been doing well. The preliminary difficulties being now surmounted, it is ex pected tbe concern will be able to pay a divi dend when the next half-yearly meeting comes round. Forfeitures Cancelled. — It is inti mated in the Qazette that the notices gazetted 11th May, refusing the following applications and making land available for selection are hereby cancelled, viz. : — 4300/19, Enphemia Carmichael, 319a 3r 30p, parish of Tullich and Nagwany ; 4313/19, George Carmichael, 120 acres, pariah of Kaladbro; and 4314/19, George Carmichael, 200 acres, parish of Kaladbro. - Applications Approved.— Bee 19 : William Kiven and John Crickmer ? Hiek- mcr), Balmoral ; John Ryan, Ganoo Ganoo ; John Roacbeand James MConnell, Laang. Section 47, Donald Nicholson, grazing license, Macarthur. Section 49, John MI R. Nicholson. Ardno ; William Watson, Yarpturk. Grant approved, Cornelias Dugan, Panmure. New Insolvents. — The following schedules of new insolvents have been filed : — William Forrest, butcher, Horsham ; causes of insolvency — adverse circumstances, sickness in family, and falling off in bnsiness. Liabilities, £846 10s 7d ; assets, £763 8s 11 id ; deficiency, £83 Is 7W. Bartholomew Monaghan, of Bungallaly : cause of insol vency — credit stopped by Colonial Bank. Liabilities, £2,575 Ss ; assets, £1,118 ; de ficiency, £1,457 8s. Mr. R. H. Bullock, assignee. A Remarkable Action. — An Argus telegram states that tbe action brought by Mr. Hnnt, the ex-Premier of Samoa, against Sir Arthur Gordon, Her Majesty's High Commissioner for the Western Pacific, for £8,000 damages for illegal arrest, which was commenced on Monday, before Mr. Justice Richmond and a special jury, was concluded on Friday. The Court ruled that Hunt was a British, and not a Samoan, subject, and that Sir Arthur Gordon had authority to remove him from Samoa. The only question really left to the jury was as to Hunt's im prisonment of 27 days. Tbe jury returned a verdict on this issue with £100 damages, adding an expression ot regret that tbe withdrawal of so many issues on legal points debarred them from giving the plaintiff more substantial damages. Kangaroo Slaughter. — During the past IS months (states the Border Watch) no less than 20,000 kangaroos have been killed on the Glencoe Estate. On being taken over by the Messrs. Biddoch it was found that the kangaroos were seriously en croaching on the sheep-carrying capacity of the country, and arrangements were made for their - organised slaughter. Contracts were entered into under which 7s per dozen was paid for the first five thousand skills : Ss per dozen for the second five thousand ; and 9s for all over that. The tally of the slain has now reached 20,000, and yet a few are to be seen hopping about. The cost has been £500, bnt toe proprietors believe this will be money well laid out. The skins have brought in something, and an extra weight of wool may be looked for to make op the balance. Sculpture. — The Mr. J, Forsyth alluded to in the following extract from an English paper is nephew to Mr. Wm. For syth, of Hamilton, and the numerous friends of toe family in question will be glad to note that their young relative has managed to achievea position tor himself in a branch of art which the possession of real talent could alone enable him to reach. We copy the notice from the Argus of 16th July as follows : — " An interesting monument, scalp- taxed in statuary marble, from the studio of Mr J. Forsyth, has been uncovered in one of tbe bay6 of the north aisle in St. Paul's Ca thedral. It is in memory of deceased officers and men of the 7th Royal Fusiliers who lost their lives in the Afghan campaign, 1879 and 1SS0. The subject was suggested by the words, ' Is not this the blood of the men that went in jeopardy of their lives V 2 Samuel xxiu. 17. Underneath tin panel which contains the sculpture there is a brass recording the names of those commemorated. The memorial is erected by their surviving comrades and friends." The "Winter Steeplechase Meet ing of the V.R.C. took place on Saturday at Flemington, and was a great success. The racing opened with the Maiden Hurdle for which Ontario was made a great favorite. He, however, only managed to get third place, being defeated by The Joker and Belle Brandon, who were first and second respec tively. The Maiden Steeplechase was won by Shamrock, with Speculator second, and Hope, toe favorite, third. The Grand National Hurdle brought ont a field of eight horses, Dizzy won rather easily, with Rhesus second, and Basilisk third. Eleven horses faced the starter for the Grand National Steeplechase. Blackthorn won, with Sailor and Black Jacket filling the places. The Selling Hurdle Race was won by Sun light, bnt as toe jockey was a quarter of a pouod short weight toe race waa given to Wild Harry, who finished second, and Stormbird, who was third, was placed second. Twenty three horses started for the Flat Race, which was carried off bv Virago, with Bonnie Bee second, and The Ghost third. Never Return.— It is said that one ont of every four real invalids who go to foreign countries to recover health never return, except as a corpse. He undertakers, next to the hotelkeepers, have the most profitable business. This excessive mortality may be prevented, and patients saved and cured under the care of friends and loved ones at home, if they will bnt use Hop Bittera in time. Read. (Advt) I Destibtry.— Mr. Thwaites, Surgeon Dentist, Ko: oit street, Warrnambool, will visit Edenhope, Meccsn'a Hotel, Jnly 24th ; Bal moral, Gregory's Hotel, Jnly 25th ; Hamil ton (return), July 27th and 28th ; |Portland (retain), Jnly 29th and 30th. — Anvx-1 