The -S!Ioih1— Sliellv's Maxical Ode; I iihing fresh showera for tho thirsting flowers, From tho sea3 and the streams ; I bear light shade for tho loavo3 when laid In their noon-day droams. From my wings aro shaken tho dews that waken Tlio sweet birds evorv ono. When rocked to rest on their mother's breast, A3 sho dances about tho sun. I wield tho flail ot tho lashing hail, And whiten the green plains under ; Aud then again I dissolve it in rain ; And laugh aa I pass in thunder. I sift tho snow on the mountains below, And thoir great pines groan aghast; And all the night, 'tis my pillow white, Whilo I sleep in tho arms of tho blast. ? Sublime on tho towers of my eltioy bowers . Lightning, my pilot, sits ; In a cavern under is fettered tho thunder ; It struggles and howls at fits. Over earth an occan, with gentle motion, This pilot is guiding mo, Lured by the love of tho gonii that movo In tho depths of the purple soa ; Over the rills, and tho crags, and the hills, Over the lakes and tho plains, Wheroverlie dream, undor mountain orstream, The spirit he loves, remains ; And I all the while bask in heaven's bluo smile, Whilst ho is dissolving in rains. Tho sanguine sunrise, with its meteor eyos, And his burning plumes outspread, Leaps on tho back of my sailing raok, When the morniiig star shine's dead', As on tho jag ot a mountain crag Whioh an earthquake rocks and swings, An eaglo, alit, one moment may sit In the light of its golden wings ; Aud whon sunset may breathe, from the -'lit ? Its ardors ot rest and of lovo, And tho crimson pnll of ovo may fall . From tho depths of heaven above, With wings folded f rest on mine airy nest, - As still as h brooding dove. That orbod maiden with white fire ladon, Whom mortals call the moon, Glides glimmering o'er my flcece-likc floor By tho midnight breezes strewn; And, wherever the boat of her unseen feet, Which only tho angels hear, May have broken tho woof of my tent's thin roof, The stars peep behind hor and peer ; And I laugh to see them whirl and floe, Like a swarm of golden bees, When .1 widen tho rent in iny wind-built J tent, I Till the calm river, lakes, and soas, fLiko strips of the sky fallen through me on high. Are each paved with the moon and these. I bind the sun's throne with a burning .zone, And tho moon's with a girdle of pearl ; ., The volcanoes arc dim, and the stars reel and swim, When the whirlwinds my banner unfurl. From cape to cape, with a bridgo-likb shape, Over a torrent sea, Sunbeam proof, I hang like a roof, The mountains its columns bo, Tho triumphal arch, through which I march, With hurricane, fire and snow, When the powers ot the air aro chained to my chair, ? ? Is the million-colored bow ; The sphere-fire above, its soft colors wove, Whilo tho moist earth was laughing below. I am the daughter of the earth and wator, And the nursling of tho sky ; . . I pass through tho pores of the oosan and shores; . I change but I cannot dio. For after. the rain, when, with never a stain, Tlio pavilion of heaven is bare,- i And tho winds and sunbeams, with their oon . . vex gleams, . - Build up the bluo domo of air— \I silently langh at my own cenotaph, And out of the caverns of rain, ° Liko a child from the womb, like a ghost i .. from the tomb, . .. I rise and upbuild it again. 