A TEOE STOEY. Some years ago I had occasion to take a long journey to to the North— a journey which would involve my travelling all night. A few days before I had received an invitation from a friend of mine who lived at a town which I had to pass, to dine and stay the night at his bouse— it would prove a pleasant break in the monotony oE the journey. I resolved, therefore to arrange matters so as to arrive at the house in time for duner, and proceed to my destination next morning. When the day arrived I was very busy ; to, after a hurried lunch, I packed np a few necessaries and rushed off to the station, where I arrived with just a minute to spare. I asked for my train which the conductor pointed out, adding, 'If you don't hurry np. air, you'll loee it.' I took his advice and jumped into the nearest car ihe door of which stood open, and in which there was but one other occupant. I settled myself for my journey, and for the first time I bad the leisure to observe my fellow-traveller. Saw, I rather pride myself on being a judge of physiogomy, and my first impressions of him were the reverse of pleasant. He was evidently a fidgety, nervous sort of man. He bad restless grey eyes without much expression in them, while his hair and beard were of a reddish hue. He was dressed in a long ulster, which I thought quite un necessary, for, though it was late in the year, the weather was by no means cold. There was on the Beat beside him a small oaken box strongly bound with brass, and his eyes were constantly (flawing from this box to me in a way that I did not at all like. I begin to have visions of plots, infernal machines, and I do not know what After regarding me steadily for a few rnimrhti, he said— ' Is it poBmble, sir, that tod are not aware of this carriage being reserved for State officials T' I looked round, and seeing no ''*'— fe»' of the fact, replied : ' I am not aware of such being the case.' 'Then, sir,' be replied, 'I must be of you instantly to vacate it, and leave me here in solitary silence.' Considering that the train was going at the rate of forty miles an hour, and would not stop until it reached a small station, half way to my destination, in about an hourfe time. I could not quite see why I should comply with his request, or rather command'; and I frankly told him bo, adding that I had ae much right there as he had, and did not intend moving. He replied with a most solemn air, 'Then your fate be on your own head,' This began to frighten me, for the snante manner convinced me that be must be insane, and the prospect of an hour's journey in a car with a madman was not raicpfiitffi to raise my spirits. However, I pnt a bold face on the matter, and affected to be entirely engrossed with my newspaper, though in reality I was watching his every movement. He suddenly seized hold of the wooden box and held it on his knee, mumbling inarticulate words, and then suddenly mplafwi itbesidehim. Indoingso Icanghtaglimpsedf &£ butt of a piBtol sticking out of his pocket I had nothing more defensive than an umbrella, a roll of papers, which in «ense qoeDce of their length I was compelled to carry in my hand. Presently he began again— ' Have yon studied the marvellous powers of electricity, may I ask V I replied in the negative. 'I have,' Baid he, 'and have arrived to such a pitch of perfection rti«t^ aided by the contents of this' box, I could blow this train and everybody in it to infinite simal atoms.' 'Bat,' I hazarded, 'how about your self?' ' I should calmly mount into the air and survey the scene without the slightest injury. ', 'How?' said L 'That' he replied, 'is my business ; look to yourself. ' Pleasant thiB ! However, I made some remirk which seemed to satisfy him ; and be lapaed again into ailffire. I felt very sorry for him, in spite of my dangerous position. I then tried another tack, and made several commonplace remarks to him— to all of which he answered in monosyllables, suddenly bursting out with— ' Do you dare to address to me, sir, with out having first disclosed to me who you are ? Your temerity surprises me.' I thought it beat to hnmour him, and i»«t»«^mI him my card, on which was in scribed 'J. a Smith.' 4 ' Ha ! I guessed you were a Smith ; you look like one ; a blacksmith, if I may judge by the smut on your face.' Hen be broke into a -uni**— l laugh. When he had fini«^*M langhiug be said — ' Do you want to know who I am ?' I said I thought I might as well know his name, if he did not mind. 'Well,' said he, taming toward and peering into my eyes, keeping one band on the box, 'when you first jumped into the carriage I was tie Khan of Tartary ; but the wonders of electricity an such that I am ens bow changing; I aafipoae 1 nay be anybody in a iew boosa, or even minutes.™ I oppose I looted surprised, for he wmtm.-Ah, yon Hem surprised; bnt, petfcapa, you will hardly bdiere that my tamper quite depends upon whom I mar bwpwto be. Not long ago I was conveninc ihSbd 40£e ftiinAu^ and £ saddsnly changed into tSkmg of Siam, and balore they could get oat of my way I bit three of their fingen off. Yon ahonld have seen them scatter. Ha, ha, ba,h«r 'Good gracious!' I PTi-Jaimwi, - you don't ?lib, 'yes, I do ; but don't be alarmed, lam never dangerous unless I happen to aanme that character.' Then he -sat quiet, and I m thankful (or a little peace. All at once, to my alarm, he oaid, quite unconcernedly — '[?edit my solemn duty to inform yon tin£ I am -*i».*ig»»fy and that in a few minntes I ahaU be King of Siam.™ Instinctively I looked round for seme means of escape, and at the same time grasped nay umbrella firmly, and resolved at least to sell my fingen dearly. It wasn't worth while ?changing can, aa just at tiiat mompjit I heard 4iie whistle of the train announcing the approach of the next depfit. I collected my things together near me, BO aa to be prepared for a haaty exit and more so as I noticed the feelings of his Majesty of Siam were beisg worked up into a pitch of ?»™it''—»*:. and the the sray he showed his teeth would have terrified a less nervous man than myself. As weneared the depot the train slackened speed and it stopped. Just as I jumped out; tile maniac made aspring at me ; bnt I fortunately avoided him and shut the door in his face. I got into the next car, which was empty ;and as*he conductor dosed the door I called out; 'Here, I say, there is a n*'*'1'*1 in — ** But tile whistle drowned the last of my sentence, and the train moved off before I had lime to complete it. I sat still io a horrible state ot nervousness, expecting I hardly knew what. At last Hie train stopped at the station for which 1 was bound, and I jumped oat. As I passed his car I conld see him sitting there quietly; and I went into tile station masters room and told him what had hap pened, advising him to take some means oE securing him. He promised to telegraph, bnt said it was no business of his, and with that sanmnce I had to be content I then went off to my friend's house, where I arrived jost in time for dinner. I suppose the traces of my fright etill remained, for no sooner did I enter the dining-room titan my jiosi exclaimed ? ' Why, what is the nutter, old man ? You faftvaaot met a ghost on the road have yon f I «ld him I had seen somebody a good deal worse than a. ghost; acd daring dinner, related my ftdrentare, upon which they all con gratulated me opon my narrow escape. After dinner I went off early to bed, pleading fatigue and the next day's business as my excuse. When I awoke in the morning I fonnd my boat ready for break&st;, mad I joined him at once, as my train left in an hour's time. t As I shook hands with trim at the depot he remarked that he should like to bear of the I transacted my business, and, as I had lime to spare, I tamed into tie first hotel I came to, and walked up into tie billiard room, where I met Fred Carlton, an old school fellow of mine, who was playing billiards with three others. He mwinfld sniprised to see me, and asked me how I had got there I told him I had come down early that morning, and I tiien proceeded to give him a sketch of my journey of the night before. Fred smiled, and amid — 'Ail, yes, old man; I heard something about it.' ' Ton heard something?' t said, surprised. ?? From whom !' ?* Well,'' he replied, ' FU tell yon all about it, for the benefit of the comp ny. Old Harris, the diamond broker, told me last night that he h«-T just cmni* down from the city. When he had taken his seat in, a car at — -, all alone, just as the train started, some fellow rushed in. Harris said he did not much like the look of the fellow, and, as he had about 40,000 dollars' worth of diamonds with him in a eraall-bor, he began to feel uncomfortable. He said the stranger was a strong, active man, and, if it had come to a straggle for the diamonds, Harris would have had no chance, for be evidently felt sure the man meant robbery ; so he determined to frighten him oat of the car by pretending madness, which be says be did so effectnaUy that tbe fellow, in sheer fright, bolted at the first stoppage, and left him to finish his jonrney alone. Bat we did not know that yon were the hero, old man,' said Fred, as tbe whole four burst into «uch a shout of laughter that I never heard before. ' Yon must stay and be introduced afresh ; he will be here to-night.' I did not stop to hear anything more. I rushed downstairs, thoroughly realising that I had been made a fool of, caught the first ?train home, and have not shown myself in -th»t neighbourhood since. 