THE FUTURE EGYPTIAN ARMY. (Daily News.) Otra special correspondent at Cairo writes : If the British army is to remain here until the Egyptian is quite fit to take its place, the less British politicians talk mean- while about withdrawal the better ; though, perhaps, there would be no harm in anticipat- ing partial retirement just before the beginning of the next hot season, by which time at least one-half of the native army of (LOCO men will have been fairly disciplined and drilled. Unless the Egyptian army is to be nothing better than an armed rabble, its officers must be well trained in the practical work of their profession ; yet a more ignorant and shiftless leader of men than the ordinary Egyptian officer it would be impossible to discover, at least in a civilised country. Some exception may be made in favour of the artillery j but as a rule infantry officers know hardly anything beyond the merest elements of drill, while cavalry officers can scarcely do more than sit in their saddles. The other day I went to see twenty-two of them tested in horsemanship. The object of the test was to select four captains, four lieutenants, and four sub-lieutenants for the single cavalry regi- ment which is to form part of the new army, and of which 500 men are to be enrolled as soon as their native officers have been put in training. Colonel Taylor, who is to command the cavalry regiment, conducted the examination. The first performance, carried out at slow walking pace, was satisfactorily gone through, barring a few instances in which the riders stooped or held their knees too far forward and their heels too much in the other direction. But the trot round, circus fashion, and without stirrups, sorely troubled the flower of Egyptian chivalry. One gentleman, an ailj'utant-inaj'or, who, I believe, " fought" at Tel-el-Kebir, lurched from side to side, as if he were about to '" heel " over. Another, also a member of the rebel army, bobbed backwards and forwards as if he meant to perform a somersault over his horse's head or tail. If Colonel Taylor had only had a long whip to crack and flourish as the procession went round, the comparison of the scene to a circus re- hearsal would not have been altogether in- appropriate. A third warrior gripped his horse's shoulders for dear life, whilst his feet stiffened out, splay-wise, from the animal's sides. And when they stopped short in mid career fully one-half of them were too perceptibly jerked on to the pommels of their saddles. Bigger horses and rougher exercise would have shaken the teeth out of then. Six or seven of the riders wore "cast," and after some deliberation, one adjutant-major, three captains, four lieutenants, and six sub-lieutenants, were selected to join the new regiment. Fully a third of the 4-10 horses which I saw at Gezeerch, the scene of the riding test, were the merest "screws," mere frame- works of hair and bones, more fit for the knacker's yard than for service on the Abyssinian' and Bedouin frontiers. These animals must, of course, be cast, and some time will pass before they are replaced. And lastly, the uniforms have yet to be made. From the foregoing particulars the reader will derive some conception of the difficulty involved in organising even a single regiment. The work of organising the whole army will necessarily be slow, because it is meant to be thorough-and it must be thorough, because the army is to be small. The Egyptians, who, if left to themselves, would now throw their lawful rulers into the sea or read them on the spot, will in course of time become loyal to the dynasty and the native army which we are creating may be trusted to resist the wiles of any future Arabi and the people, faithfully observant of their duty towards European usurers, will be ready to " walk alone " and then we shall withdraw ; who can doubt it ? But a foreigner-say a Russian, with, an eye eager for an encouraging example, or a Frenchman loo sensitively jealous of English prestige might be excused if he should suggest that the English "coach" was habitually leaving too little to the ingenuity and the discretion of the Egyptian pupil, in military reorganisation, in the reconstruction of the old gendarmerie so-called, in judicial reform, in schemes for the representation of the people, even in matters of local police, he would discover English initiative and supervision, and power of final judgment. Whether rightly or wrongly he would come to the conclusion that the English were creating an elaborate administrative machinery, with the independent control of which no natives could be entrusted within any measurable distance of time. Englishmen devise and work the State machine. What would AL Duclerc think of all this, I involuntarily asked myself, as after my morning's drive to CozecTch I strolled among the crowds of disbanded officers and soldiers who swarmed over the hundred and odd passages, corridors, and courts of the Egyptian War Office, a bar- rock-like building, vast enough, one might suppose, for the military business of the Russian Empire ? You pass one doorway, through which native officials in all varieties of attire are crushing their way, and copper skinned Soudains-slaves, probably, bought a few years ago for so much per head are passing in and out, with cigarette boxes and trays covered with tiny cups of coffee. Here, you naturally think, is the entrance to the sanctum of his Excellency, Omar Pasha Louth, the Minister of War. No, you are told, it is the office room of the " Ingelezi General " (Sir Evelyn Wood). In another court, two or three hundred people of all degrees, from gorgeous palace boys to blue-blooded " Arabs," are swarming and buzzing at the door of another " Ingelezi General," to wit Baker Pasha, the Coiiaiiaiider-in-Cliiof of the gendarmerie. The Pasha's room is surrounded by several compartments separated by low partitions, on the divans of which staff' officers, Coptic clerks, and other solids lounge, smoke, and gossip. The atmosphere here is the smokes in a place where almost everybody smokes all day long. In a third quarter of the building you discover two other English ré- organisers, Colonel Baker (known as Baker V.O."), and Colonel Synge. His adventures among the Turkish brigands have made Colonel Ryrie's name familiar to thousands who have been aware of his professional capacity. As an officer in the mercantile marine, as police organiser in the time of the Indian Mutiny, as explorer" in the South American States where, I believe, he tried his luck, and that successfully, in the capacity of newspaper proprietor and editor and subsequently as gendarmerie colonel in the Turkish service, Colonel Baker is one of the best and finest specimens of the roving Englishman of his time. After their chief, General Baker, the two colonels were among the first in the stream of arrivals from Constantinople, a stream which is not yet exhausted, and the existence of which shows how the centre of political interest and importance has been drifting from Stamboul to Cairo. The whole of the big building, in short, appears to have been appropriated by " Ingelezi" generals, colonels, and other lvnovationists of the State machine and if you wish to see his Excellency Omar Pasha Louth, you will find him all alone upstairs, sitting on his gilded chair with his legs tucked under him, and smoking a fragrant cigarette With Heraclitus the philosopher, Omar Pasha is probably of opinion that life is a comedy to those who think and a tragedy to those who feel. It AX'as a curious and in many respects an amusing scene, the preliminary investigation of the Sunday and Saturday before, when some seventy or eighty native officers appeared at the War Office.- The object was to ascertain in a speedy, rough way their antecedents, professional training, general intelligence, and linguistic e.tji.acities. Phy- sique and personal bearing were very properly allowed to make amends for supposed deficiencies in brains. " Appearance," general intelligence, and so forth, had their respective degrees of superiority indicated in " marks "-by what subtle kind of arithmetic it would be difficult to say. But no doubt the results came out right. What could have induced the old gentleman, of 80 at least, to present himself in the character of a cavalry major and ask for readmission? The poor man could not climb into his saddle without the assistance of a ladder and it might have required no less trouble to prevent him fromslijipingoutofit. One could hardly repress a feeling of pity was the Egyptian colonels, majors, and captains were promptly drawn up in ranks by a young and lovely English subaltern, and, so to speak, put through their facings. From the answers given as to previous training and experience, one formed a poor opinion of the ordinary native officer. The gendarmerie and the army proper are both choos- ing their officers from the same crowd of applicants, and if they will only have such as are really good, SirEx'olyn Wood and Baker Pasha may perhaps be forced to the expedient of drawing lots. There will, as already intimated, be much less difficulty in choos- ing, the men. On the score of numbers, there will be no difficulty at all. It is the prospect of service in the Soudan which appeals the Egyptian conscript, and necessitates his being conveyed in letters to his place of service. Even now it is beginning to be hoped that voluntary service may at no distant date be substituted for conscription. This might, conceivably, be a better expedient than the subjec- tion to conscription of the two towns of Alexandria and Cairo, which, by a mine- morial custom, are exempt from military service. Cairo and Alexandria have between them about 700,000 inhabitants in other words, a seventh of the total population of the country. It is most unjust that the burden of the conscription should fall exclusively on the agricultural population. Baker Pasha is the originator of the project of voluntary enlistment, and he is desirous that the experiment should be tried as soon as the people come to understand the real nature and conditions of service under the rising system of administration, "If 1 be not ashamed of my soldiers," said Kulshill',"! am a soused garnet." A mad fellow met me on the way and told me I had unloaded the gibbets and pressed the dead bodies. No eye hath seen such scarecrows. I'll not march through Coventry with them, that's flat j nay, and the villians march wide between the legs, as if they had gyves on for indeed I had most of them out of prison." The worthy knight's disparaging account of his men would have been fairly applicable to hundreds of the recruits Avhoni Baker Pasha and his staff are fast trans- forming into smart gendarmes. Indeed, most of the passage from which the quota- tion is taken is appropriate to the order of things which the "Ingelezi generals" are abolishing. Many, if not most, of J3!i!íor Pasha's men, as of Sir Evelyn Wood's, have had eyes on in their time. And like Fal- staff, every Mudir (governor) of a province hason occasion " misused the King's press damnably," and has had, " in exchange of a hundred and fifty soldiers, three hundred and odd pounds." Another good reason for the substitution of voluntary en lislmcntforconscriplioii. Under the old order, when the Sovereign called upon such and such a Mudir to supply 100 men, that astute official would, like Falstaff", search him out good householders," "yeomen's sons," and other toasts and butter" who would as soon hear the devil as a drum," the said toasts find, butter" would of course buy their exemption, leaving to the half- nude fellah who was too poor Polinelli Mudir's jealous the glory of defending his country. Ever since Egypt has had a standing army of native Egyptians service by rotation has existed only in name; the rich have always escaped, the poor have always served. What with exchanging his " hundred and fifty soldiers for three hundred and odd pounds," and charging the State for his local gendarmerie, which for the most existed only on paper, the Mudir of the good old time soon put money into his (horse. As a commercial speculation a Muilirsliij) says-I am afraid still is a post for which an ambitious and enterprising Egyptian would never hesitate to jury highly. Hence it will be readily understood that there is no love lost between, on the one hand, the two inspecting officers, Colonels Barker and Synge, and on the other the provincial governors. Eighteen hundred, all mounted men, have already been ¡ij)|)ortioneil to the provinces, and nearly 2000 more are stationed for instruction in the neighbourhood of Cairo. A reserve of 1000 men, one-half mounted, will always be retained at the capital and this is in many ways the most interesting portion of General Baker's scheme. This force will not be required for local protection, but for active service at any moment anywhere for which purpose the men will be always kept at the highest point of (discipline and efficiency. It is to this force in particular that the English staff of officers will be attached. The reserve will be under a commandant, with whom will be associated nine or ten " executive officers," comprising instructors in musketry, swordsmanship, and horseman- ship. The reserve, in short, will be the training school of the gendarmerie force, which, like the army proper, will ultimately attain to a full strength of (3000 men. Vacancies, whether by regular retirement or otherwise, will be filled by drafts from the Cairo reserve. At Cairo the commandant and his staff will manufacture their rustic and, it is to be hoped, urban recruits into efficient gendarmes, and then leave to the native provincial officers the duty of maintaining them at their high level of discipline. In a word, General Baker, his commandant of the reserve, and the executive staff' are engaged to teach the Egyptians how to do their own police work. Mr. GLAIistoki: during his visit to Cannes recently (the Home News states) called upon Lord Cardwell, one of the closest of his friends and political colleagues. The poor man is now a complete wreck. He lives now, we believe, permanently at Cannes, and may be seen about on the terraces most days when the weather is fine in a wheel chair-the ghost of a man who has played it conspicuous part in the parliamentary life of our time from the days of Sir Robert Peel till the reconstruction of the Army. His biography, all cut, dried, and corrected in proof has been in the pigeon-holes of most of the newspaper offices for a couple of yours. Yet a few years ago you might have taken a lease of his life, and he was one of the handsomest and most accomplished men of his time, l'arliaiuciitiiry life nowadays kills off mon very rapidly, and considering the sort of, life it is the wonder is that men live so long as they do, "What shall I proach about?" asked of minister of the pastor of a coloured church, "with, him. Iku t Is seen worry light on do 'for e-pinmii««"'»«"» " indeed, and why I" "Oh, cos I'm > noticed dat day most always hub a damning olloo" upon all congregation. 