turns of &eins.; Cable News. — In pursuance of Iris intention to be crowned "Emperor of all the Rnssias " on tire 27th inst., the Czar arrived at the historical citv of Moscow on Sunday. He was accompanied by the Czarina and the Imperial children, and, so far as outward show was concerned, be appears to have been received with great enthusiasm. Doubtless there were many Nihilists amongst the crowd who really rejoiced to see him. The news with respect to tbe coronation will now be awaited with a considerable amount of anxiety throughout the civilised globe, and one can only hope that the avowed intention of the Nihilistic murderers will not be attended with success. On the contrary, that they will abandon it and seek to obtain reasonable concessions without making an attempt on the life of a man who certainly cannot be blamed for the present state of Russian administration, which has been the growth of centuiitf of despotic rule, an attempt that cannot but imperil the lives of totally innocent persons, including many well-wishers of the people of that vast empire. Our cablegrams also furnish further particulars about the cyclone experienced in Illinois and other States, and announce that Tynan, the commercial traveller who has been supposed to be No. 1, has expressed his willingness to surrender himself to tbe authorities, in order that a full Investigation may be made with respect to him. What authorities? are meant is not stated, if to the English they will only be too glad to oblige him. Death of Mb. John Bitchie. — It is with deep regret that we have to announce the death of Mr. John Bitchie, of Black wood, which event' will leave a void that will not easily be filled. After a long and painful illness from cancer in the stomach, which baffled all the skill of many men eminent in their profession, Mr. Ritchie died on Friday at bis residence on Blackwood estate, near Fenshurst, of which for many years be had been manager. The deceased gentleman was one of the most popular men in the Western district, and possessed, when in good health, no small amount of energy. This he cordially used in the advancement of every public object calculated to promote, the interests of the district and country which he had cast his lot. As shire coun cillor, president, and councillor again, he was unremitting in his attention to duty, thoroughly impartial, and not apt to arrive at hasty conclusions. He always studied the why and wherefore, mid having once arrived at a conclusion, never failed to have the courage of his opinion. He was a splen did judge of sheep, as such often officiated at our Pastoral shows, and otherwise took a deep and active interest in the affairs of the society. As showing his ability in such matters it may be added that he was fre quently called upon to judge both at the Bal larat and Melbourne sheep exhibitions. Nor was he less energetic in lighter matters, for in him the Fenshurst "Racing Club will lose one of its most active members, whilst as a judge at coursing matches he was sot to be surpassed for impartiality or accuracy. In fact, there was nothing be took in hand that he did not do well, ana when it is added that in bim the poor have lost a sincere friend It can be easily understood why he should have been so great a favourite with all with whom he was brought in contact. Sad it is that he should have been cut off in the very prime of life, being only forty- six years of age, leaving a widow and family of young children to regret their irreparable loss. The faneral of the deceased gentle- | man took place at Fenshurst yesterday, when the cortege, fully three quarters of a mile in length, was the longest ever seen in that district. From all parts of the sur- rounding district came friends to pay the last tribute of respect for departed worth, and warm was the sympathy expressed tor the bereaved family. On arrival at the cemetery, the following gentlemen acted as pall-bearers, viz., his three brothers-in-law — he having married a daughter of the late Mr. HuttOD, of Cheviot Hills — Messrs. Thomas, John, and George Hutton ; Mr. Mackiehan, president, and Mr. Thacker, councillor, of the Shire of Mount Bouse, and Mr. B. S. Howell, of Devon Park. The Rev. J. K. Anderson, Presby terian minister, officiated at the grave, and Mr. Greed, of Hamilton, conducted the obsequies. Police Protection at Chetwynd. — Mr. Officer, M.L, A., has received the following communication from theChief Com missioner of Police on the above subject : — "Sir, — With reference to the representa tions which you made to me on the 1st inst., respecting tbe necessity for a police station being formed at Chetwynd, I do myself the honor to inform you that I have called for and received reports on tbe subject from tbe local police, and from the information tlms furnished me, I am of opinion that the time has not yet come for the formation of a station at Chetwynd. It is reported to me that the population of the place is diminish ing, and that the neighbourhood is almost frp from crime. — I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, H. M. Ohomlev, Chief Commissioner of Police. C. M. Officer, Esq., M.L.A., Toorak." We expect the Chetwynd people will be in a position to contradict Mr. Chomley's state- meDt,tbat the population of that district is diminishing, and although there may be no more crime in tbe locality than exists amongst equal populations elsewhere, it is a severe reflection on the police department that a well-known resident possessed of valuable landed property, house, live stock, goods and chattels, should have disappeared so suddenly without the police being able to find a trace of bun, We trust Mr. Officer will bring the matter before Parliament. Enough ag Good as a Feast. — An efficient band is a very good thing in its way, two bands are even better so long as they play apart, but when tbey meet and blow and dram against each other they fully convince people that one aw really have too much of a good thing. This was what occurred on Saturday evening, when Austin 's and Cooke's bands met opposite the Town Hall, with intent to serenade Marian Willis' company, and attract an audience to see "The Ticket of Leave Man." No sooner would Austin strike up a tone Cooke would begin with another, or Austin i would break in upon Cooke. The din there by created was sufficient to madden eveiy lover of harmony, and there was not a member of either band who wonld not gladly havebeen givenrixpencetomovcon by all owners of anything like musical ears, i Tbe way those poor drums were beat, and those trombones blown, was a caution, and it is a matter for surprise that the first- named instruments were not burst, and that the same fate did not attend tbe operators on the trombones and other wind instru ments of torture, for this was what all the instruments really were on the occasion under notice. If the members of the two bands were of the gentle sex, we would beg of them to take pity on the burgesses, ana kiss and be Mends. As they belong to the lords of creation we fervently hope they will be able to amalgamate, and never more create snch a discord in tbe streets of the town.' General Sessions and County Court. — The sittings of the above courts will be commenced to-day at ten o'clock. 11ic hsu n<w yinriinihm wui. wmiuluaj o issue. Pigeon Shooting. — Sportsmen are again reminded of tlie pigeon matclies which are -to be held at Coleraine on Tlinrsday next. Aa Mr. Trainor has undertaken to make all the necessary nrranqemente. It may safely be said these mil be as complete as 1 possible. : | The Minjah Sale. — We would again direct the attention . of intending in- Testers to the sale of the Minjah estate \- which will place ; to-morrow, Wednes- day, the 23rd rost,, at the Commennsl Hote), Wamwmbool, The K.M.S. " Rome" was sighted at Albany at 11.35 a.m. yesterday. The Chobal Service held at Christ Church on Sunday was one of those intel- Iectual treats that many who, in this age of scepticism wonld not otherwise taouble a church with their presence, would go many miles to enjoy. Xaking this view of the matter, there is no doubt these monthly services are beneficial, for it brings men, ami women too for that matter, to enjoy har mony, and at the same time hear the gospel expounded in a manner that may induce them to see the errors of their ways and join heart and hand with other true believers. When we say the church was crowded, we speak within bounds, and many were there whose presence testified to the truth of the foregoing remarks. With respect to the success attained, it was most undeniable, the music was good, and the oratory of the rev. incumbent quite np to his previously best efforts. Being Trinity Sunday, be, naturally, chose for his oration that mysterious Triumvirate. As a mystery be treated it. It was above all reasoning power, but he felt that it sufficed for him. There was the Divine Creator whose laws were outraged by sinful man, there was the Son who showed him the way to Redemp tion, and who, if a sinner wished it, caused the Spirit of the Holy Ghost to pour down upon him. He did not, no man conld, explain the mystery. The past, present, and the future were all mysteries, man himself was, and so were many things, yet their existence could not be denied. With respect to the Choral Service all present were highly pleased to see Mr. Lake again occupying the position he has so often ably filled, that of choir- master, which a much regretted domestic affliction had caused him to be absent from for some time, and all hoped that the health of one so near and dear to him wonld soon be permanently re-established. The vocal portions of tbe service, with tbe exception of a slight bitch in the Magnificat, were excellently rendered, and Miss Maggie Laidlaw, in the offertory solo " The Evening Prayer," quite surpassed herself. This beautiful com position was given with rare taste and effect, and the large congregation listened in rapt attention until the last deep and full note died away, accompanied with feelings of regrettbatthe solo had terminated. The collections during the day were excellent, especially that at the evening service, which amounted to over £6, the total collections daring the day amounting to £11 6s. The Victoria Coursing Club Oaks Stakes. — Commenting upon the finish ior xne uaKs on rnoay, tne A.rgm says : — "Real Grit and Moss Rose divided the honours of the Oaks ; bnt the last-named was not entitled to the position, for Western Duchess defeated her beyond a shadow of a doubt in the course given an undecided by tbe judge. Western Duchess was afterwards drawn for a pecuniary consideration, that is to say, she shared the winnings of Moss Rose, who divided the stake with Real Grit. At first it was pat about that Western Duchess, Moss Rose, and Real Grit were the -dividers, and in snch case the bets on the event would have been apportioned according to the " National Coursing Rules," but the subsequent official declaration that Western Duchess had been drawn from Moss Rose, left the latter to divide the stake with Heal Grit. The backers of Western Dnchess were naturally " riled " at such an arrangement, but "grumble and bear it" was the only coosolatioD. Mr. Wiggins, we understand, has been offered £300 for the smart daughter of Registrar- General and Western Princess, who, it maybe added, made her d6but at the Werribee, where she won a course in the Australian St. Leger, and was put out by Werribee Aim6e by a close Bhave, the latter having her colours lowered in the last four of the stake by Tribute, tbe winner." Our contemporary labours under a misappre hension so far as Western Princess competing in the Australian St. Leger in concerned. As stated in our Saturday's issue, Mr. Wiggins' reason for consenting to a division was because be wished to save Western Dnchess as much as possible for tbe Southern Cap, to be ran on the 30th inst., the first dog in which will net for his owner £300, and a cup valued at fifty guineas. Nor was be the only owner who wished to save his dog in consequence of the hardness of the ground, as when four dogs were left in, au arrangement was publicly made between Messrs. Wiggins, Fraser, and MCulloch, to whom the dogB belonged, that the two last does Bhould divide. As for running, the stake out after the undecided, Air. Wiggins, aivuouga ne, litre o triers, considered nis dog had won, did not care about taking any more risk. We may add Mr. Wiggins im putes no blame to the judge for his decision with respect to tbe undecided course, as from the position occupied by that official, it was impossible for him to accurately see the work done by tbe two dogs, who were led by tbe hare clean away from him, and towards the reporters, who had a better opportunity of arriving at a correct award. Monday's Argus supplies the following additional particulars: — "As some miscon ception exists over the division of the stakes in the Victoria Club Oaks, we consider it well to explain the true facte of the case, in view of the settling, which takes place to day. Some persons are under the impres sion that the backers of Western Dnchess receive a share of the division, on account of the bitch taking the same money as Moss Hose. The fact of Western Duchess being drawn in favour of Moss Hose, after tbe undecided, pats Western Dacbess out of the stake, and the real dividers are Real Grit and Moss Rose, backers of whom, therefore, win on the event, whilst those who had their money on Western Dnchess must pay. Sir. Wiggins bitch waa really drawn, and announced bo officially by Mr. Munday, and ranks as a beaten greyhound, -as appeared in our return of the meeting. The question does not admit of the slightest doubt." Hamilton Police Court. — Mr. F. EL Orme, P.M., presided at the Police Court on Monday. Fonr jolly topers were charged with drunkenness. One was discharged, and the others were fined 10s each, in default 48 hours' imprisonment. Constable Scanlon summoned a lad named James Cameron, first for carting sand with out a license, and secondly for removing sand off a shire road. The first case waa with drawn, and Mr. Horwitz who appeared for defendant, pleaded guilty to the second charge, explaining that his client simply topped his load from the roadside. Defen dant was fined 2s 6d with 2s fid costs. The court then adjourned. Commonage Sheep. — a petition is in coarse of signature, calling upon the Borough Council, as managers of the common, to protect the interests of the burgesses against marauding sheep, and will be presented at the next meeting of onr Civic fathers. It is stated that one flock of sheep, numbering about 3000, came on to the common on Friday, and did not leave until 11 a.m. on Sunday, and that another flock of 1000 was there all Sunday, and only left by the mid-day .train on Monday. Clearly these could not, in any sense of tbe words, be looked npon as " travelling sheep" which, as provided by the Statute, must travel -six males a day, and the com1 moners have a grievance which the Council should at once attend to, or it will fail in the discharge of its duties. A Chapter of Accidents. — Two accidents of a dangerous character, attended, happily, with no very serious results, oc curred on Thursday night last to Messrs. Macan and Tatlock. They had been on business to Dnnkeld, and were returning at night on horseback, when Mr. Tatlock's horse stepped into a crab-hole and turned- a complete somersault, landing on. his rider's legs. Mr. Macan immediately pulled np and found his companion pinned to the ground with his head between the horse's hind legs, which he was holding. The animal in its efforts to regain its legs narrowly escaped braining Mr. Tatlock, bnt with Mr. Macan's assistance be was ultimately freed from his uncomfortable position. They rode on about three miles to a selector's house, where Mr. Tatlock remained, as he was unable to proceed. Mr. Macan determined to go on, and mounting Sir. Tatlock's uvisu woe ivwuug hw vwji. » uuu traversing tbe 'Wanayure plains be derided to cross a paddock for a short cat, and was proceeding at a brisk pace when the party, horses and man, ran into a wire fence and were somewhat vonghly landed on mother earth. Mr. Macan escaped with a bruised shoulder, and the steed he was riding was uninjured, while ilia own horse was fixed in the wires. After an amount of exertion be fitted the unfortunate brute wbich was Beverly cat about the legs, and will be quite useless for at least three months. Mr. Macan at length arrived in Hamilton, and Mr Tatlock came np next day ty train, but hefcafbeepponfiAedfobifMeverfiiiufi MissioNARy Meeting. — We are re- i quested , to remind our readers that the j minimi Missionary- Meeting of the Primitive 1 Methodist Church takes place this evening, j when the Rev. S. Richards, of Stawell, w£El deliver an address. MagabThur Rages. — These are to beheld on Her Majesty's birthday. There are to be six events, and entries for the Maiden Plate, Handicap Hurdle Race, and Macarthur Handicap, will dose at 11 a.m. on Thursday. Given fine weather, and a most enjoyable day may be relied upon. \- Football. — The opening match o£ tbe season will be played on Thursday next, on the Friendly Societies' ground. The teams will represent the Banks and Law and Academy players against the Hamilton Football Oub, and the ball will be kicked off at 2.30 p.m. The Monster Pic-nig . — We learn from Mr. Williams that a goodly number have signified their intentiou of taking part in the Monster pic-nic, which is to be held at the Waunon on the Oneen's birthday. when thereare to be athletic sports, sparrow- shooting, etc. Coaches are to leave the Victoria Hotel at 10 a_m. on Thursday, and, as much of the success of the pic-nic will depend npon an early notice being given to the caterer, those who mean to join in it should purchase their tickets to-day, so that some idea may be formed of tbe total number likely to be present. Coleraine Race Course. — Notice is given in the Gazette of May 18th. of the in tention of the Governor- in -Council, to per manently reserve 107a. Or. 6p- as a site for the Coleraine race course, tne land, so for, having only been temporarily reserved. Of course, no objections will be made to the permanent reservation, and when this has been done, the committee will, donbtless, continue the improvements on tbe course they have so spiritedly began. As their new stand is not everything that conld be desired, it has been several times suggested that they could purchase the Hamilton grand stand cheap, as, if all we hear be true, it is pro bable there will be no racing club in Hamil ton this year. Cricket. — Lovers of onr national out-door game will not be sorry to learn that Rule No. 10, which defines what is and what is not bowling, will probably receive con sideration at the hands of the Maryle- bone Committee this season, with the view of making the law plainer on the subject of throwing and bowl ing- There is no donbt that mat season there were several prominent bowlers in the Western District, whose trundling was oc casionally, just like their throwing or their throwing just like their bowling. So long as only slow or medium pace is indulged in, it doesnot matter much, bnt it is some of the so- called fast bowlers (?) who require watching. In the olden times, when round arm bowling was first introduced, a no ball could be easily noticed, but Bince over-arm trundling baa been allowed it is sometimes a very difficult matter to say. To revert bask to the old system of " round-arm" would not do, unless the wickets are made broader and higher, as with that style it is next to impossible for a men to work in from both sides of the wicket, and unless he can do this he stands a very poor show with most of our finished bats men ; nor can he so skilfully alter pace and pitch, without the alteration, especially as regards pace, being observed by the batsman. The batting now-a-days, in tine weather and on the splendid wickets to be obtained on all grounds deserving of tbe name, is so strong that it is difficult to say what is best to be done to bringthe assailants and thedefendants on more equal terms. The Abrebt of the Leviathan — Telegraphing on Sunday, the Adelaide correspondent ol the Age says : — " A some what sensational incident occurred during the race meeting on Saturday, which threatens to culminate in an important action at law. Messrs. Blackler and Ferry, tbe lessees of the old course, endeavoured to impose a tax of £10 on the bookmakers. This was resisted, and in consequence of the principal bookmakers refusing to leave tbe ground, Joe Thompson was arrested. He now intends proceeding legally against Messrs. Blackler and Ferry, laying damages at £5000. A strong bar has been retained on both sides. The action of the lessees is defended on the ground that, bookmakers from Melbourne are subject to a tax similar to that imposed upon local bookmakers." The Sunday Opening Question. — Monday's Argus says : — " The threatening weaxner aia ziut prevent tne attendance at the Public library, Museum, and Art Gallery yesterday being larger than it was on the previous Sunday. From 2 till 4 o'clock the crowd was almost too dense for comfort, and the 'turnstiles were kept steadily revolving. It is desirable that the narrow passage which leads to the Picture Gallery should be enlarged. It is manifest that when nearly 6,000 visitors have to enter tbe gallery, and return in less than two hoars along tbe narrow passage between tbe old and new gallery, the attendants have more than they can do to prevent overcrowding and crush ing. The "block" is continuous. In order to clear the gallery at tbe proper time, tbe gong was sounded at a quarter to 5, but people were loitering up to tbe minute of the closing of the gates. The official register of visitors was 4,692, as compared with 5,752 on the first Sunday the institution was opened, two weeks ago, and 4,452 on the 13th inst. The petitions placed at the entrance to the library in favour of the new system were numerously signed. The total number of signatures now obtained exceeds 29,000." Dentistry. — Mr. M&wson;, Dentist, of Geelong, may be consulted at Hewlett House (opposite the Hamilton Club) till Saturday, 26th inst.; and at Penshurst on Monday, 28th. — Adyt. Dentistry. — Mr. Thwaites, Surgeon Dentist, Koroit-street . Warrnambool, will visit Portland, Mac's Hotel, July 12th and 13th ; Hamilton, Mills' Hotel, Jnly 14th. 15th, and lfith ; Coleraine, Wells' Hotel, Jnly 17th ; Casterton, Gray's Hotel, July 18th, Chet wynd, Chard's Hotel, Jnly 19th ; Harrow, Pilven's Hotel, July 20th and 21st ; Apsley, Sutton's Hotel, Jnly 23rd ; Edenhope, Mec- can's Hotel, Jaly 24th ; Balmoral, Gregory's Hotel, Jnly 25th ; Hamilton (return), Jnly 27th and 28th ; Portland (return) July 29th ana 30th. — Advt. 