CURRENT RELIGIOUS ' THOU GHT. Chapter xl. We have been silent upon .the subject of religious thought for some time past, not be cause there lias been nothing to say, because the eacerness with which people listen to and read the remarks of competent men shows the deep interest that is felt in matters of religious science, but rather from lack of lei sure to deal, satisfactorily to the writer's mind, with the different questions at issue. A subject, however, that is closely connected with religious science is constantly cropping up in discussion, and both thoughtful und de vout men are sometimes at a loss to know how to treat it — the miracles of the Old and New Testament. The thoughtful man asks, "Are we, in the light of eur additional knowledge, compelled to accept them as actually occur ring as the records describe them ?" The de vout and earnest man replies, " Yes ; fer to deny one detail of the record is to cast a doubt upon the truth of the record." The difficulty is a great one. and is often discussed with more or less ability, though without much real result. It is oftentimes spoken of in public addresses and sermons, and inge nious explanations of the more difficult miracles are given, by referring to discrepan cies in the text, or possible fortunate coinci dences in atmospheric or natural phenomenon ; but such explanations rarely convince the doubter, or clear up the difficulty- The' honest, thoughtful man will at once put it down to a theologian's special pleading ; whilst the devout man will regard it as an attempt to discredit the Scriptures. But are we to say, on the other hand, that there is no way of escaping the difficulty, and that, therefore, if a man wishes to be a believer in the Christian religion, he must swallow the whole contents of the Old and New Testa ments as a nauseous dose, the composition of which he is utterly ignorant of ? No, this were to return to the past ages of superstition. Rather let us 'see whether the truth of this matter, as in most others, does not lie in the two extremes, and so seek to mingle them that we get a perfect whole. The question resolves -itself into two im portant parts : Either the records do not belong to the time they profess to do, and, consequently, are legends and myths handed down through a dark age of credulity ; or else the writers, with good or bad intentions, recorded events that did not, and could not possibly, occur. The first of these has been already partly discussed in previous papers, and we shall not enter fully into it now, but leave it for completion in future papers. It is sufficient to say that the records were accepted as the testimonies of contemporary men, who recorded actual facts more than 2000 years ago, and that this opinion has been confirmed by the fact, that the Scriptural records of notable historical events that oc curred at least 3000 years ago have been attested by ancient and altogether independent inscriptions. The question therefore stands thus : Have the writers of sacred history deliberately re corded events that could not have occurred as matters of fact; in other words, have they not exaggerated occurrences into super natural miracles ? Scientific inquiry has ne- serted that a miracle cannot be satisfactorily attested, and, therefore, unless some more scientific explanation of the events of the Old Testament can be given, all that is apparently supernatural must be rejected. This is the point we wish to discuss, and an able article published in a magazine last year shall be the foundation of our remarks. Modern sceptics lay great stress upon the undoubted fact that the Bible records signs and wonders which imply a power above nature, if not against it. Perhaps it were more aoourate to say that " the miracles of the Bible imply the activity, in nature, of a power of which our modern scientific inter pretation finds no trace." To reply to the objection by offering ingenious natural ex planations is simply to admit that it is not only very formidable, but absolutely unanswer able. In the earlier days of the Christian church miracles were regarded as violations of the laws of nature, and, while that defini tion was accepted, we cannot wonder that sceptics should declare miracles to be impos - sible; for how could God. trangress his own laws ? In later and more aoourate language, we assert that miracles are " modifications of the ordinary course of nature, induced by the coming in of a higher force, acting on a higher law; " consequently sceptics cannot say that miracles are impossible, but only that the record of them is incredible. The universal law of gravitation is violated, according to tbe old method of speaking, but modified aooord- ing to the newer, by the flinging of a stone into the air or by the ascent of an aeronaut in a balloon ; but it is by introducing a stronger force in the first instance, and a higher law in the second, whereby the law of gravitation is for the moment superseded. The stronger force behind the stone is the man's will, and the higher law is that the man in the car of the balloon is suspended in the air by a gas that is lighter than the atmosphere. Tbe ground of objection, consequently, becomes changed immediately. A modern sceptic says, " miracles are not impossible if you mean simply a modification of the natural order by the introduction of a supernatural force, and if I admit that any such super natural force exists." And, with regard to the latter condition, there need be no doubt in the views of careful thinkers. The Rev. Mr Rentoul explained most clearly the proofs in support of the existence of a personal supernatural will behind nature, in his lecture a few weeks ago. By " the truth of causation " every effect must have a cause. The present uni verse had a beginning; it will have an end; therefore it h ad a first oause. Farther, by the existsnae of law and order in the universe, Dr Carpenter, the eminent physiologist, says : " To talk of laws without a lawgiver, bound less forces without one who puts and keeps them in power and orbit, is an absurdity." "Therefore," said the lecturer, "if there are laws of the universe, there is a personal God, a Divine Will, of the universe. Again, the arguments from design and final causes hold as good now as in former years. If all things fulfil the purpose of their construction, then there is evidence of design, and there cannot be design withont a designer. And yef, again, from the moral nature of man within, the Bense of duty, the yearning to worship, the awful sacred force of responsi bility." How is it that man has the sense of " ought " in the soul— a sense that at times outweighs expediency, pleasure, and every other impn'se ? To whom are we responsibl e ? Theism answers by compelling a belief in a personal God; but Christianiiy answers it more nobly in the words, "Father, I have sinned against heaven and in Thy sight." Thus, " we argue up to God from God's voice of conscience in as, by four great steps — causation; law, order and foroe; design, final cause ; and the soul's voice within " But to resume our argument : Miracles are not im possible, it we admit the existence of a force behind nature, which force is God. But, says the sceptio : " They are in credible ; for no adequate reason for them has ever been adduced, nor have they been submitted to the scientific tests by which alone they could be verified." We answer : There is a book, admitted to be the noblest and greatest in the literature of the world by men the most competent to judge, in which miracles are closely interwoven with its theology and morality— a theology the highest, and a morality the purest, the-' world has ever seen— that they cannot be disen tangled, the one from iho other. Nor is i: probable that tho miracles are merely late and legendary additions to ths history of the book, for the sake of glorifying its heroes. We knew great teachers, warriors and bene factors naturally live on in the aSeo'.icn and remembrance of their followers, and there is naturally a tendency to exaggerate- their deeds : of valour nad benevolence: bring this theory to the Bible, and test it by what we find recorded therein. We and "that tbe i miracles of the Bible cannot be disentangled from its teaching, and that . they hear single tiaon. mark or note cr t!tcr :r-v 1 growth. or mythioal jiivssi-jVi " or;? «i. i miracle?, of the Bible teacur-i. bp rfrrV" from i'.a moral teat map has j>-v.Q o ugatK and again ;than breaking don sceptical argument at its strongest p-Mi" How otien am we aumoiiirihed to go h'-,'k t- tho fonntain-heao. ot moral ta?ohi->" to t-p Sermon on tho Mount, on which equally eloquent eulogies have been pronouuend H- theologians and philosophers, divines and .sceptics, clergymen and laymen, and advised - to demand from people at large that they" do justly and love mercy," aocording to the plain rules expressed therein. But even if we accede to their request, we exclude neither theology nor miracles from cur field of view. On the contrary," not only do we find in this sermon a doctrine of God, a docirine of the Holy Ghost, a doctrine of Providence, a doctrine of sin, and the forgiveness of sins, a doctrine of prayer, and a doctrine of heaven, but we also find that the motives to which its pure and lofty morality appeals are purely theological motives." Actions of benevolence are to spring from no mercenary or selfish motives, but simply .to please our Father iu Heaven, who seeth in secret, and whose true children it must be our aim to become. Every motive which is to blossom into lovely deeds, fragrant with kindness, and every Christian grace, as set forth in thi3 sermon, is purely theological. The motives of any system of morality are its essence ; none can detach the theology of the Sermon on the Mount from its morality, without not merely mutilating it, but destroying its very existence. It ' is equally clear that we cannot detach the miracles from the sermon. For not only is there a thread of supernaturalism woven through it, but in the very words which con clude the discourse miracles of tbe very nature that are so bitterly questioned nowadays are most plainly recognised. Our Lord, in con demning the hypocrisy of the church, repre sents some of His followers as claiming to have wrought miracles, as having cast out devils in His name, and performed many wonderful works in His name, but for as much as they had only served Him in out ward appearance, He would reject them. How could He have spoken to them working miracles in His name, if He Himself did no miracle ? Why should His name be so potent if He Himself exercised no supernatural power ? ' No, we can no more detach miracles than we can detach theology from the Sermon on the Mount; and if miracles, theology and morality are so closely blended in the very sermon which the opponents of theology and miracles have selected as their battlefield, and which they so love and admire that they would fain reduce the whole teaching of Christ to the limits of this single discourse, we may be sure that in the other sections and books of the Bible miracles and teaching are still more obviously, if not still more intimately, iutertwined." But we can prove that it is quite as impos sible that the records of the miracles ot the Bible are mere legendary and mythical tra ditions. Myths and legends can easily be detected by well-known matks and tests, of which the following are the most important: — ' Myths belong to the earlier record of history, and tend to disappear as we come down the stream of time ; they tend to glorify a race, or the origin of a race, and the great men who have illustrated and adorned it ; they take time to grow ; if a man is no hero to his own servant, so also no hero or prophet is exalted to diviae honors by his own genera tion and in his own age." These propositions do not ri quire proof; they are admitted axiom?. If we apply them to the Bible narratives, we shall be able to determine whether thev are mere leirends. or not. The first fact likely to strike a student is that whereas iu other sacred literatures myths abounded in their earliest chapters, in the Biblical narrative there is no record of a mirae'e until twenty-five centuries after the starting-point of the record. We say no miracle, but we must except the creation, which from its very nature can scarcely be anything else than miraculous. Creation is, of very necessity, miraculous at some period of its existence. Tbe most reliable men of science refuse to admit that " formless mat ter was changed by the natural action of de velopment into crystalised inorganic matter, that inorganic crystalised matter developed into organic matter instinct with life, plants and animals of various degrees of complex structure, with a corresponding degree of internal life, following one another in ascend ing scale, until now, man, God's greatest work on this earth, has been reached," a fact that Mr Justice Higinbotham for the moment lost sight of. No matter whether we adopt a possible theory of evolution, or fall back upon the literal words of Scripture narrative, a creative act at first is absolutely necessary, and that creative act could be nothing else than miraculous. Moreover, wa are not obliged to regard any event miraculous that can be accounted for by natural or secondary causes, and conse quently the deluge and the destruction of the cities of the plain, though most certainly taking plaoe for the reasons specified in the saored narrative, need not disprove oar pro position that " from the creation of the world down to the call of Mo3es, a period of two thousand five hundred year3, the laws cf nature held on the even tenor of their way, unbroken by a single interrnption, although these tweuty-five centuries, since they are the eatliest in the human story, ought, ac cording to the mythical hypothesis, to be the richest in tales of wonder." This remark able fact cannot be too carefully noticed. The patriarchs, whose names and memories were handed down with affectionate reverence through the sub-sequent ages of the nation's history, were men of simple and pastoral habits. No record of miracle is to be found in the history of their lives, although it is always the' founders of a race " with whom tradition an I mythioal invention are most busy, and round whose heads a legendary halo naturally gathers." And in this respect there is an impassable gulf between the Biblical records and the records of ancient Hindoo, Persian, Greek and Roman history These are filled with elaborate details of the beauty, power and deeds of their progenitors, and bear en the surface all the characteristics of legendary traditions. Bat in the Scriptural history there is not s trace of such extravagances, excepting perhaps the bare mention if the beau'y of Abraham's wife, which can easily be accounted for, by the fact which anciant and modern testimony has confirmed that Egyptian women were usually very plain, and lost their freshness at an early period of womanhood. With the call of Moses, therfore, the first miraculous epoch opens, en 1 during the journey of the Israelites from Egypt to Canaan there were frequent demonstrations of supernatural agency. Signs and wonders, of the most marvellous cbaraoter, appear almost on every page of tho history of that journey; and as it was the narrative of s nation bursting forth into independent exis tence, the advocates of the mythical theory might at once claim a victory, and set the ac- oonnts down to pure fiotion. Bnt, be it ob served, the miracles "do not glorify either Moses or the men whom he redeemed to weld into a nation." Moses, we are distinctly told, did not want to undertake the mission and the miracles were given to almost force him into the work; whilst, as far as tlie peo ple were concerned, they were a reproach, because they were wrought sir vain. The first two miracles — the turning of Moses' :stafl to a serpent, and his hand smitten with leprosy — seem to reveal weakness in the character of Moses, rather than power and honor. They were signs of his obstinacy and unwillingness to perforce a great work,, and certainly bear no trace of mythicaI invention-. And even after these tokens had been vouch safed to. him, it was not until God's anger was kindled against hint that he consented to. go. Was this likely to place a halo of glory about the head of the Lawgiver of Israel ? If the story of miracles- was only written for the purpose of glorifying- great benefactors of the nation by subsequent writers, is. it likely that we should find it written in such doubtful: lan- guage- ? In like manner the miracles the wilderness, almost without except ion, toil to the shame, and not to-the honor, oi the nation of Is rael. The miracles of those- forty years wrought to still their murmurs, quell their re bellions, and to rebuke tiisir sins. It would bs strange if iHs poets o: Isr.vt 1, in order to qlonff the origin of the nation, to give dignity and honor to the men from whom it sprang, shoal I relate events that so manifesily discount them. Miracles. indeed, r.i-a recorded: bu« in ay too truiv l listrals ten nos'.iuanv ami flu r ho i c a i i. t tii vfci w-i Lading it to ids promise:! -o i i I 1 mi i i a I t in \ J a in j i i , 1 i a 1 speak oi tliem' as ioc:t:ab!o- and st'g-uscked siausrs, that the wh,li general it-a of them perished, ana fir tm.ir crime', us ihe will«' UiSS.'; v.M.a October' 10, 1888. 