Donal Grant.* CHAPTER XVII. BY GEORGE MACDONALD. Author of "Alec Forbes," "Malcolm," &c.;, &c.; HE was not so late as before the next day, and before he had finished his breakfast had made up his mind that he must beware of the earl. He was satisfied that such could not be the consequences of one plaas of wine. If ho asked him again he would again go to dinner with him, but he would take no wine. School was just over when Simmons came to him from his lordship, to inquire after him, and ask him to dine with him again that evening. Donal immediately consented. This time Lady Arctura was not there. After, as during, dinner, Donal declined to drink. His lordship cast on him a very keen and searching glance, but it was only a glance, and took no further notice of his refusal. After that, however, the conversation, which had not been brilliant from the first, sank and sank till it was not; and, after a cup of coffee, his lord ship, remarking that he was not feeling so well as usual, begged Donal to excuse him, and pro ceeded to retire. Donal rose, and, expressing a hope that his lordship would have a good night and feel better in the morning, left the room. The passage outside was lighted only by a rather dim lamp, and in the distance Donal saw what he could but distinguish as the form of a woman standing by the door which opened upon the great staircase. He supposed it at first to be one of the maids; but the servants were so few compared with the size of the castle that one was seldom to be met on any of the stairs or in any of the passes, and, besides, the form was standing as if waiting for some one t Drawing near he saw that it was Lady Arctura, and would have passed her with an * The sole right of publication in Queensland of "Donal Grant" has been purchased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company, T,<>n^, obeisance. But, ere he could lay his hand on the lock, hers was there to prevent him. He then saw that she was agitated, and that she stopped hint thus because her voice had at the moment failed her. The next, however, she recovered it, and with it her self-possession. " Mr. Grant," she said in a low voice, "I wish to speak to you—if you will allow roe. " I am at your service, my lady," answered Donal. " But we cannot here ! My uncle " " Shall we go into the picture gallery ?" sug gested Donal; "there is moonlight there." "No; that is still too near my uncle. His hearing is sometimes preternaturally keen; and besides, as you know, he often walks there after his evening meal. But—excuse me, Mr. Grant—you will understand me presently— are you —are you quite " "You mean, my lady, am I quite myself this evening!" said Donal, wishing to help her with the embarrassing question, and speaking in the tone she had taken; " I have drunk no wine to-night." With that she opened the door, and descended tho stair, he following: but as soon as the curve of the staircase hid the door she stopped, and turning to him said : "I would not have you mistake me, Mr. Grant. I should be ashamed to speak to you IT —— "Indeed, I am very sorry," said Donal, " though hardly so much to blame as you think me." "There! you mistake me at once. You suppose I think you took too much wine last night! That would be absurd. I saw what you took well enough !—But we must not talk here. Come." She turned again, and went down the stair, and led the way straight to the housekeeper's room. "Mrs. Brookes," said Lady Arctura, "I want to have a little talk with Mr. Grant, and I did not know where to take him; there is no fire in the library. May we sit here ¥' "By all means; pray sit down, my lady. Why, child! you look as cold as if you had beon out on the roof ! There, sit close to the fire; you are all of a tremble !" Lady Arctura obeyed like the child Mrs. Brookes called her, and sat down in the chair she gave up to her. "I've got something to see to in the still room," said Mrs. Brookes. "You sit there and have your talk. Sit down, Mr. Grant. I'm glad to see you and my lady come to word of mouth at last. I began to think you never would!" Had Donal been in the way of looking at his fellow for the sake of interpreting his words he would now have seen a shadow sweep over Lady Arctura's face, followed by a flush, and would have attributed it to displeasure at the words of the housekeeper. But, with all his experience of the world within, and all his unusually developed power of entering into the feelings of others, he had never come to pry into those feelings, or to study their phenomena for the sake of possessing himself of the knowledge of them. Man was by no means an open book to him—no, nor woman either. He would have scorned to hasten or supplement by investigation. what a lady chose to reveal to him. So now he sat looking into the fire, with an occasional upward glance, waiting for what was to come, and saw neither shadow nor flush. Lady Arctura also sat for some time garing into the fire, and seemed in no haste to begin. "You are so good to Davie!" she said at length, and stopped. ''No better than I have to be," returned Donal. "Not to be good to Davie would be to be a wretch." " You know, Mr. Grant, I cannot agree with " There is no immediate occasion, my ladk" "But I suppose one may be fair to another," she said, as if doubting; "and it is only fair to confess that he is much more manageable since you came. Only that is no gooa if it does not come from a good source." ' " Grapes do not come from thorns, my lady. That would be to allow in evil a power of working good." To this she did not reply. "He minds everything I say to him now," she resumed presently. "What is it that makes him so good?—I wish I had had such a tutor!" She stopped again. She had spoken out of the simplicity of her thought, but th* words looked as if they ought not to have been said. "What can have passed in her?" thought Donal. " She is so different! Her very voice is so different 1" " But that is not what I wanted to speak to you about, Mr. Grant," she resumed; " though I did want you to know I was aware of the improvement in Davie. I wanted to say some thing about my uncle." " , Here followed another pause—embarrassing to the reticent lady—not at all to the profluent Donal, who sat waiting in perfect quiescence. " You may have remarked," she said at length, " that, though we live together, and he is the head of the house as my guardian, there is not much communication between us." " I have gathered as much. I cannot tell Davie not to talk to me." "Of course not. Lord Morven is a very strange man. I cannot pretend to understand him, and I do not want either to judge him or to set him out to the judgment of another. I can only speak of a certain fact concerning yourself which I do not feel at liberty to keep from you." Once more a pause followed. Though per fectly ladylike, there was nothing now of the grand superior about Arctura. There was plain evidence of the sweet girl nature in her. Bhe was perplexed—not as to her duty, but as to the best way of doing it. "Has nothing occurred to yourself?" she said at length, abruptly. " Have you not sus pected him of trying experiments upon you?" " I have had a very vague undefined ghost of a suspicion that pointed in that direction." answered DonaL " I suppose he is a dabbler in physiology, and he has a notion in his head he wants 1o verify! Tell me what you please about it.' " I sluiild never have known anything about it, though, ray room being near his, I should have been more perplexed about some things, had he not, I do most entirely believe, made a similar experiment with myself a year ago." " Is it possible !" "It maybe all a fancy—l don't mean about what he did, of that I am sure—but I do sometimes fancy I have never been so well since. It was a great shock to me when I came to myself—you see I am trusting you, Mr. Grant 1 You will remember I dared not have done so had I not believed you would be at least as discreet as myself in the matter 1 I believe the chief cause of the state of his. health in that, for yews part, he has been in the habit of taking some horrible drug for the sake of its mental effects. You know there are people who do so. What the drug is I don't know, and I would rather not know. i It seems to me just as bad as taking too much wine. He prides himself on his temperance in that respect. But he says nothing of the other thing. I have even heard him, in con versation with Mr. Carmichael, make the re mark that taking opium is worse than getting drunk, for opium destroys moral sense much more than whisky or anything of that kind. I don't say my uncle takes opium. I have heard there are other things, even worse, that people take." "And he dared to give it to you—whatever it was !" said Donal, with indignation. "I am sure he gave me something. For once that I dined with him—but I cannot describe to you the strange effect what he gave me had upon me. I think he wanted to watch the effect of it on one who knew nothing of what she had taken. They say the effect of such things is a pleasant one upon most people, at least until they have indulged in it for some time, but for my part I found it very different. I would not go through such agonies again for the world I" She ceased. Donal saw that she was strug gling with a painful remembrance. He hastened to speak. , "Thank you heartily, my lady, for your warning. It was because of such a suspicion that this evening I did not even taste wine. If I have not taken any of the drug in some thing else, lam safe from the insanity—l can call it nothing else—that has possessed me the hut two nights." " Was it very dreadful ? asked Lady Arctura, with concern. "On the contrary, it gave me a feeling of innate faculty such as I could never have con ceived of." "Oh, Mr. Grant! do take care. Do not be tempted to take it again. I don't know what it might not have led me to do if I had found it pleasant: for lam sorely tried with painful thoughts : I feel sometimes I would do almost anything to get rid of them." " There must be a good way of gettingrid of them. Think it of God's mercy, ■ saidDonal, " that you cannot get rid of them so."' "Ido;Ido!" \ "The shield of His presence was over you then." "How glad I should be to think sol But we have no right to think so till we believe in Christ—and—it is a terrible 'thing to say—l don't know tfrt I believe." "Whoever taught you that will have to answer for teaching a terrible lie," said DonaL "Did not Christ do all he could to save the world; and will anyone dare to say that God, whose visible presence Christ was, v not doing all he can, with all the power of a maker over the creature he has made, to help and deliver them?' "I know He makes His sun to shine and His rain to fall upon the good and the bad; but that is only of this world's good things r "Do you mean—are you able to worship a God who will give you all the little things He does not care much about, but will not oo His best for you—will not give you heta to do the thing He wants you to do, out which you; do not know how to do?" . " But there are things He cannot do till we believe in Christ V " That is very true. But that does npt say that God does not do all that can be done, for even the worst of men to help Qua to believe! He finds it very bard to teach us, but he is never tired of trying. Anyone who is willing to be taught of God will be taught, and thoroughly taught, by ffifn- Peoples tell such ierriblq Ues about God, judging him by their own foolish selves I" "I am %frrid lam ng wrong in listening* to you, Mr. Grant. I do wish what you say might be true, but are you not in danger—you will pardon me for saying it—of presumptipn? How could a)l the good people be wrong r j "Because the greater part of the teachers among them have always set themselves njore to explain God than to obey him. The gojroel is given not to redeem our understandings, [but our hearts; that done, and only then, our [un derstandings will be free. Our Lord said he had many things to tell his disciples, but tiiey werp .not able to hear them. If the things be true which I have heard from Sunday to qun day in church since I came here, then, I say, the Lord brought us no salvation at all, but only a change of shape to our miseries. Itjhas not redeemed you. Lady Arctura, and never wilL Nothing but Christ himself for your very own teacher and friend and brother—{not all the doctrines about him, even if every one of them were true—can save you. When we, poor orphan children, cannot find our God, they would have us to take instead a so ne thing that is hot God, at all—but a very tad caricature of him!" "But how should wicked men know that such is not the true God?" "If a man desires God, he cannot lelp knowing enough of him to be capable of learning more. His idea of him cannot be all wrong. But that does not make him fit to teach others all about him—only to go 01 to learn for himself. But Jeans Christ is the Very God I want. I want a father like him, likethe father of him who came as our big brothei to take us home. No other than the God ex* tly like Christ can be the true God. Cast a ray from you that doctrine of devils, that Jesus died to save us from our father. There is no safety, no good of any kind, but with the father, his other and our father, his God and our God." "But yon most allow that God hates and punishes sin—and that is a terrible thing.". > " It would be ten times more terrible if he did not hate and punish it. Do you think Jesus came to deliver us from the punishment of our sins ? He would not have moved a step for that. The terrible thing is to be bad, and all punishment is to help to deliver us from it, nor will it cease till we have given up being bad. God will have us good Land Jesus works out the will of his father. Where is the refuge of the child who fears his father ?—where is that, ray lady ? In the furthest corner of the room ? Down in the dungeon of the castle ?' "No, no!" cried Lady Arctura; "in his father's arms!" " There !" said Donal, and was silent. " I hold by Jesus !" he added, after a pause, and rose as he said it, but stood where he rose. Lady Arctura sat motionless, divided between the reverence she felt for distorted and false forms of truth taught her from her earliest years, and her desire after a God whose very being is the bliss of bis creatures. Some time passed in silence, and then she too rose to depart She h^d out h*r hand to-him with a kind of irresolute motion, then suddenly smiled and said: " I wish I might ask you something. I know it is a rude question, but if you could see all you would answer me, and let the offence go." " I will answer you anything you choose to ask." "That makes it the more difficult, but I will ask it; I cannot bear to remain longer in doubt; did you really write that poem you gave to Kate Graeme—compose it, I mean, your own self ?" " I made no secret of the authorship when I gave it her," said Donal, not perceiving her " Then you did really write it ?" Donal looked at her in perplexity. Her face grew very red, and the tears began to come in her eyes. " You must pardon me," she said; "lam so ignorant. And we live in such an out-of-the way place that—that it seems so unlikely a real poet—! And then I have been told there are people who have a passion for appearing to do the thing they are not able to do; and I was anxious to be sure. And my mind kept brooding over it, and longing to be sure! — so I resolved at last that I would, even at the risk of offending you, be rid of the doubt. 1 know I have been rude —unpardonably rude— but" "But," supplemented Donal, with a most sympathetic smile (for he understood her as his own thought), " you do not feel quite sure yet. Why, wnat & priori reason can there be why I should not be able to write verses? Is it because I happen to be in what you call an out-of-the-way place! There is no rule as to where poetry grows. One place is as good as another for that" " I hope you will forgive me! I hope I have not offended you very much!" " Nobody in such a world as this ought to be offended at being asked for proof. Granted there are in it rogues that look like honest rten, how is any one, without a special gift of insight, to be sure of the honest man? Even the men whom women love best sometimes prove the falsest, and tear their hearts to pieces! I will give you all the proof you can desire. And lest you should think I made up the proof itself between now and to-morrow morning*' '■ " Oh, Mr. Grant, spare me. lam not, indeed I am not, so bad as that!" "' " Who can tell when or where the doubt may wake again, or what may wake it f' said Donal. "At least let me explain a little before you go." she said. " Certainly," he answered, re- seating himself, in Compliance with her example. " Miss Graeme told me that you had never seen a garden like that before." " I certainly never did. There are none such, I fancy, in our part of the country. "Nor in our neighbourhood either." " Then what is there surprising in that f* " Nothing in that. But is there not some thing surprising in your being able to write a poem like that about such a garden, as if you had been from childhood familar with the look of it, and so had grown able to enter into the very spirit and heart of the place V "Perhaps if I had been familiar with the kind of thing from childhood it might have just disabled me from seeing the spirit of it The only two things necessary are—first, that . there should be a spirit in the place, and, next, that the place should be beheld by one who has a spirit capable of giving house-room to the spirit of the place. Does it seem to you that the ghost lady feels the place all right r "I do not quite know what you mean: but I seemed to feel the grass with her feet as I read, and the wind lifting my hair. It seems to me so natural!" " Now tell me were yon ever a ghost V [ "Did you ever see a ghost 1" "No, never." "Then how do you know that all thai is naturtar "■ ' " I see I I cannot answer you." Donal rose. , "I am indeed ashamed of giving you so much trouble," said Lady Arctura. "Ashamed of giving me the chance of prov myself »true man ?" " It is no longer necessary." " But I want my revenge. As a punishment for doubting one whom you had so little ground for believing, you shall pc compelled to see the proof—that is. if you will do me the favour to wait here till I come back. I shall not be long, but it is some small distance from here to the top of the north tower." " Davie told me it was there they had put you ; do yon like it? Do you not find it very cold ? It must be terribly lonely! Do you ever hear anything ? I wonder who it was that had you put there!" She spoke hurriedly, and without waiting between any of the questions she put for an answer. Donal assured her he could not have had a place more to his mind, and left her to go and fetch his proofs. Before she could well think he had reached the foot of his stair, he was back with a bundle of papers in his hand, which he laid before her on the table. "There!" he said, "if you will take the trouble to go over these, you will see—hardly the poem as you may have read it, but the pro cess of its growth. First you will find it blocked out rather roughly. Then you will see it copied out—clean at first, but afterwards scored and scored. Above you will see the words I chose instead of the first, and afterwards again re jected, till at last I reached those I have as yet let stand as Miss Graeme has them. Ido not believe she doubts the verses being mine, for I am sure she thinks them great rubbish. I hope you don't—from your having taken such pains ; to know who wrote them." She thought he was satirical, from offence that she baa doubted him t he saw her bite her lips, and heard a slight sigh as of pain. It went to his heart. " I did not mean any reflection, believe me. Lady Arctura, on your desire for satisfaction, he said; "it rather flatters me than otherwise. But is it not strange the heart should be leßs ready to believe anything that seems worth believing ? It seems always easier to doubt 1 Something must be true; why not the worthy rather oftener? Why should it be easier to believe hard things of God, for instance, than lovely things ?—or that one man should have copied from another than that he should have done a thing himself ? Even now, some, set on not believing, would say that I contrived all this appearance" of composition in order to lay the more certain claim to that which was not my own 1 and to that I should have no answer, for the kind of man who says that would hardly take the pains to follow the construction through all its stages. But it will not be hard 1 work for foa,^or, I venture to believe, a bad exercise in logic and analysis,- to wmnine whether or not the genuine growth of the poem be before you in those papers." " I shall find it most interesting," Bald Lady Arctura; "so much I can see already. I never saw anything of the kind before, and had no idea how verses were made. Do all verses take as much labour as is evident here?" " Some take much more ; some none at aIL The labour is in getting the husks of expression cleared off the thought, so that it may show for what it is. A man's whole life may have just ripened him before he begins to die to the generation or rather birth of one vital thought; if he be a thorough workman in words, none of that life labour will appear in his utterance of the thought—save indeed we should say it is transformed into power manifested in ease." At this point Mrs. Brookes, thinking the young people had had time enough for their conference, returned, and the three Bat a while and had a little talk. Then Lady Arctura kissed the housekeeper, and bade her good night; and Donal presently retired to his aerial chamber, with quite another idea of the lady of the house than he had gathered from the little he had seen of her before; either she had changed, or he had misunderstood her; changed presentment she certainly had 1 From that time, whether it was that Lady Arctura had previously avoided meeting him, and now did not, or from other causes, Donal and she met much oftener about the place; and now they never passed without a mutual smile and greeting. The next day but one she brought him back his papers to the schoolroom, and told him she had read every erasure and correction, and could no longer have a doubt, even had she not now perfect confidence in himself, that the man who had written those papers must be the maker of the verses. Donal saw in this a yielding of the prejudices implanted in her by the clergyman and his polemic daughter. "They would probably fail to convince a jury, however," he said, as he rose and went to throw them in the lire. Divining his intent she darted after him, and caught them from his hand just in time. "Let me keep them," she said, "for my humiliation." " Do with them what your ladyship pleases, * said Donal. " They are of no value to me— save indeed as I see you care for them." [to be continued.] 