WAS IT A DREAM. , BY MRS. W. B. GRIFFITHS. AUNT, do you believe in fairies?" asked little Maudie, in a solemn voice. Little Maudie was evidently in a reflective mood this morning. It was drawing towards schooling, but she took no heed of the fact; som'othing'elsc seemed to occupy her thoughts, and though she appeared to be watching the frolics of a couple of young kittens I doubt if alto even saw them. Maudie was a thoughtful child. Only eight summers and winters had passed over her curly head, and, as she sat there on the kitchen door- step, with the warm sunshine flushing her rosy cheek and playing bo-peep through her wealth of fair hair, she did not make a bad picture of a fairy herself. . Aunt Bessie paused in her task of making the well kneaded dough into loaves and rolls for aunt was a notable housekeeper, and would have scorned to buy broad while. her own busy hands were capable of making it. "Fairies, indeed! I think, Maudie, your own hands are the only fairies that will ever help you and if you only put them to good use you will never need any other." "Ves, aunt; but I mean real fairies little men and women only so high-have you ever seen any?" "No, child; and people here at Charters Towers do not believe in such things. You must go to the old country for such nonsense. But what makes you think of such stuff?" and aunt made a vigorous attack on an unfinished lost. "Because I saw some of them last night, and they took me away out in the bush such a long way, and there was such a lot of them hundreds, 1 think; and they brought a nice "4 Heat just big enough for me to sit on. It was covered with the skin of a kangaroo, fringed with feathers fastened with real gold; the fairies said they had plenty of it, and sometimes they put it in claims that are paying badly, just to encourage the miners. I asked them to put some immy father's; do you think they will; .' " I am afraid, Maudie, if God has not put the gold there ages ago, that the fairies however little to do within." " But, don't you think, Aunt, that God himself employs them to do his work? You tell me sometimes of good spirits that arexviltcliing over us-and they are such dear little creatures. I wanted to go with them, so they put two long poles under the seat, and they all lifted it up - you can't think how strong they are." " And where did they take you ?" inquired Auntie, willing to humour her little niece. a "Bight along the railway line; twos easier to carry me along the rails than going through the bush and they took me right up to that big cave, you know ; only instead of the place being covered with rocks it was all nuggets of gold." "Why didn't you bring home some?" inquired Aunt, slyly; then you could go to the show next week, and we could buy a great many useful things besides," " The show can't be as wonderful as what I saw in the cave and then you know, Aunt, the gold was not mine to take and though the little people were very kind they did not offer me any for my own, and I did not like to ask for it. I saw them packing up the small bits, and they carried them away to put in some poor claim to make the crushing good." Attilio smiled. "Why, Maudie, they are useful as well its pretty ! I shall become a firm believer in them and what else did you see ?" "Oh, you remember those queer nests stuck on the roof? Some of the ladies said the swallows had made them of mud ; They are nothing of the sort, but little beds for the baby fairies; they are lined with the skins of bats as soft as velvet, and the outside are diamonds and pearls, only we can't see them with our mortal eyes the little people told me that and they shifted a large stone at the back of the cave, and showed me a big cake of gold. It eyes queer, but somehow I knew it was the missing Day Dawn gold. I asked them xvhnbthcy were going to do with it, and they said the shareholders had plenty, so they would cut that up and divide it among poor people. Do you think that, that was right?" "No, Maudie, I do not? and if you remembered your Sunday-school teaching you would tell your little friends that they should never do evil that good may come of it." "Well, they put the stone down annoyed the gold, and then they led me through a narrow passage in the rock. It was such fun ! In some ? princes I had to squeeze myself up so small that it made them laugh, and that sounded like silver bells ringing. Presently we came to a big strong door. I was curious to know what was inside, HO they opened it with a big boys it took four of them to carry the key and the * door made a noise like loud thunder as it rolled back ; then I saw a big cave couldn't see the end of it-and it was full of black men and gins find little pieuniiiiiics,all us silent as the grave; it minie mc tremble when the fairies said those were the ghosts of all the blacks that used to live about the Towers before the white man ever saw it, and that they would have to stop here till the Day of Judgment. I was so frightened I they looked at me with such cold stony eyes." ' "I should think you were, my dear and will take care you don't have a mince- pie again when you are going to bed." "Why, Auntie, what has a mince-pie to do with the things I saw? and if it hadn't been for the black people I should have enjoyed my trip. But That was my own fault; they would not have opened the door, only I asked them to so it was a punishment for my curiosity." "Well, child, let it be a lesson to you not to be too inquisitive. But how did you get home?" I can t remember that I have tried all the morning, but it is no use. I think I must have walked back, because when I woke my feet were its cold its ice, and my bed gown felt quite damp-with the dew, I suppose. "Dow-fiddlestick I" said Aunt Bessie, grimly. "You kicked off the bed cover, and got cold; and as to the damp, little Tom is accountable for that. It was nothing but a dream, child, the result of our late picnic and as to the gold, I hope your father will tell us he has struck a good reef when he comes home. Now tie on your hat, and run to school, or you will be late, and then the teacher will frighten you as much as the black ghosts did," Little Maudie obeyed, but she was sorely troubled; and three bad marks were not against her name for inattention, because her mind was fully occupied with the question; 'Was it a Dream?" AMERICAN papers say there is great excitement in Episcopal circles in Cleveland, Ohio, because the Rev. G corgo W. Hinkle, rector of Grace Church, hears confessions and gives absolution. He has been severely censured by other clergymen, and says in his own defense : " It is true that I have advocated auricular confessions. This doctrine is not at all contrary to the teachings of the Church, It is distinctly taught in the prayer-book, in which are a number of passages commanding such action. When I was ordained the Bishop laid his hands on my head and said : ' Whose sins thou dost forgive, they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain, they are retained.' These words are the promise of Christ to the Apostles. Either they mean what they say, or else they have no business either in the Bible or in the prayer-book, I Dimply- act in accordance with the teachings of the Church and Scriptures, and am not going a step towards Home." Tun young man who practises on the trombone In the back yard is not a "private letter." At least, not as private us ula seigneurs desires 