Iptatae. WO ON A TOWIR. BY THOMAS HARDY, Author of 'Fab Fjjoj* ihb Madddsxj Ceowd.' (Published by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] OhaPTEB XXXYI. The immediate effect upon. St. Cleeve of lie receipt of her well-reasoned argument for retrocession was, naturally, a -bitter attack upon himself for having been guilty of such -cruel carelessness as to leave in her way the lawyer's letter that had first made her aware of his node's provision for him. Immature as lie was, he could realise Viviefcte's position sufficiently veil to perceive what tue poor lady must suffer at having suddenly thrust upon her the responsibility ot repairing her own situation as a wife by ruining his as a legatee. True, it was by the purest inadver tence that his pending sacrifice of means had been discovered ; but he should have taken special pains to render such a contretemps im possible. If on the first occasion, when a revelation might have been made with im punity, he would not put it in the power of her good nature to relieve his position by refusing him, he should have shown double care not to do so new, when she could not exercise that benevolence without the loss of honor. With a young man's inattention to issues, he had not considered how sharp fcer feelings as a woman must be in this con tingency. It had seemed the easiest thing in the world to remedy the defect in their mar riage, and therefore nothing to be anxious about. And in his innocence of any thought of securing the bequest, by taking advantage cf the loophole in his matrimonial bond, lie undervalued the importance of concealing the existence of that bequest. Tbe looming fear of unhappiness between tbeni revived in Swithin the warmest emo tions of their earlier acquaintance. Almost before the sun had set he hastened to Wetland House in search of her. The air was dis turbed by a stiff summer wind, productive of windfalls and premature descents of leafage. It was an hour when unripe apples shower down in orchards, and unbrowned chesnuta descend in their husks upon the park glades. There wes no help for it this afternoon but to call upon her in a direct manner, regardless of suspicions. He was thunderstruck when, while waiting in the full expectation of Icing admitted to her presence, the answer brought back to him was that she was en gaged. This had never happened before in the whole course of their acquaintance. But he knew what it meant, and turned away with a vague disquietude. He did not know that Lady Constantine was just above his head, listening to his movements with the liveliest -emotions ; and while praying for him to go, lodging for him to insist on seeing her and spoil alL But the faintest symptom being always sufficient to convince him of having blundered, be unwillingly took her at her word and went rapidly away. However, he called again the next day ; and she having gained strength by one victory ever herself, was enabled to repeat her refusal with greater ease. Knowing this to be the only course by which her point could be main tained, she clung to it with strenuous and religious pertinacity. Thus immersed and self-controlling she parsed a week. Her brother, though he did cot live in the house (preferring the nearest watering-place at this time of the year), was .continually coming there; and one day he happened to be present when she refused Swithin for the third time. Louis, who did not observe the tears in her eyes, was astonished and delighted she was .coming to her senses at last. Believing now that there had been nothing more between them than a too plainly shown partiality on her part, he expressed his commendation of her conduct to her face. At this, instead of owning to its advantage, the tears broke forth outright. 2Sbt kr.owing what to make of this, Louis said, ' Well— I am simply upholding you in your course.' ' Yes— yes— I know it !' she cried. ' And it is my deliberately chosen course. I wish he — Swithin St. Cleeve — would go on his travels— at once, and leave the place. Four bundled a year has been left him for travel, sad study of the Southern constellation ; and I wi&h; he would use it. You might represent the advantage to him of the course iiyou cared to.' Louis thought he could do no better than let Swithin know this as soon as possible. Accordingly, when St. Cleeve was writing in tbe hut the next day he heard the crackle of footsteps over the fir-spikclets outside, and jumped np supposing them to be hers ; but to bis disappointment it was her brother who ap peared at the door. 'Excuse my invading the hermitage, St. jCIceve,' be said, in his careless way. ' But I Jiave heard from my sister of your good for tune.' '.My gocd fortune?'' 'Yest in having an opportunity for roving; jmdjyab a traveller's conceit I couldn't help .coming to.eive you the benefit of my ex perience. When do yon start J' 'Ihave not- formed any plan as yet Iu 4ced,.I h*d cot quite been thinking of \- Mjmvstl&rtHl.; 'Kot going?' Then I -miy have been inJUinforiried. What I have heard wth»Jt» good uncle has kindly bequeathed yea k sufficient income to make a second teaac Newton of you if you pnly use it as he directs.1* . ?-'?- ?'-'' ' ' SwitMn breathed quickly, tratBaid nothing'. 'If you have not decided so to make use of it let me implore you, as your friend, and one nearly old enough to be your father, to decide at once. Such a dunce does not happen to a scientific youth once in a centor y.' 'Thank yon for your good advice — for it is good, in itself, I know,' said Swithin, in a kw voice. 'But — has Lady Constantine sroken of it at all V 'She thinks as I da' 'She has spoken to you on the subject V ' Certainly. More than that, it is at her request, though I did not intend to say so — that I came to speak to you about it now.' 'Frankly and plainly,' said Swithin, his voice trembling with a compound of scientific and amatory emotion that defies definition, 'does she eay seriously that she wishes me to go?' -She does.' 'Then go I will,' replied Swithin, firmly. *'I have been fortunate enough to interest eome leading astronomers, including the Astro nomer Boyal, and in a letter received this morning I learn that the use of the Cape Observatory has been offered me for any southern observations I may wish to make. This offer I will accept. Will you kindly let Lady Constantine know, since she is inte rested in my welfare V Louis promised, and when he was gone Swithin looked blankly at his own situation, as if be could scarcely believe in its reality. Her letter to him, then, had been deliberately written ; she meant him to go. But he was determined that none of those misunderstand ings, which ruin the happiness of lovers, should be allowed to creep in in the present case. He would see her, if he slept under her walls all night to do it, and would hear the order to depart from her own lips. This un expected stand she was making for his in terests was winning his admiration to such a degree as to be in danger of defeating the very cause it was meant to subserve. A woman like this was not to be forsaken in a hurry. He wrote two lines and left the note at the house with his own hand :— ' The Cabin, King's HilL ** Dearest Viviette— If you insist I will go. But letter writing will not do. I must have the command from your ..own two lips — otherwise I will not stir. I am here every evening at seven. Can you come ? — S.' This note, as fate would have it, reached her bands in the single hour of that week when she was in a mood to comply with this request— whilst moved by the reflux emotion that had followed Louis's praise of her for dismissine Swithin. She went upstairs to the window that bad so long served purposes of this kind, and signalled 'yes.' St. Cleeve soon saw the answer she had given, and watched her approach from the tower as the sunset drew on. The vivid cir cumstances of his life at this date led him ever to remember the external scenes in which they were set. It was now early autumn — the time of phenomenal irradia tions, and to-night the west heavens gleamed like a foundry of all metals, common and rare ; the clouds were broken into a thousand fragments, and the margin of every fragment shone. Foreseeing the disadvantage and pain to her of maintaining a resolve under the pressure of a meeting, he vowed not to urge her by word or sign : to put the question plainly and calmly, and to discuss it on a reasonable basis only, like the philosophers they assumed themselves to be. But this intention was scarcely adhered in all its integrity. She duly appeared on the margin of the field flooded with the metallic radiance that marked the close of this day ; whereupon he quickly descended the steps and met her at trie cabin door. As the even ing grew darker and darker ho listened to her reasoning, which was precisely a repetition of that already sent him by letter, and by degrees accepted her decision, since she would not revoke it. Time came for them to say good-bye, and then — He turned and saw tbe terror in her eyes. That yearned upon him, shining in such wise, As a star midway in the midnight fixed. It was the misery of her own condition that showed forth, hitherto obscured by ardor for ameliorating his. They closed together and kissed each other as though the emotion of their whole year-and-halfs acquaintance had settled down upon that moment. ' I_ won't go away from you,' cried Swithin, huskily. 'Why did you propose it for an instant V' Thus the nearly ended interview was again prolonged. Time, however, was merciless, and the hour came when she was compelled to depart Swithin walked with her towards the houEe, as he had walked many times before, believing that all was smooth again between them, and caring, it must be owned, very little for his fame as an expositor of the Southern constellations just then. When they reached the silent house he said what he bad not ventured to say before. ' Fix the day— you have decided that it ia to he soon, and that I am not to go?' But youthful Swithin was far, very far, from being up to the fond subtlety of Viviette this everting. ' I cannot — decide here,' she said, gently, releasing herself from his arm. I will speak to you. from the window. Wait for me. She vanished : and he waited. It was a long time before the window opened, and he was aware that, with her customary compli cation of feel ing, she bad knelt for some time inside the room before looking out. 'Well?' said he. ' It cannot be.' she answered. ' I cannot ruin you. But the day after you are fiveand twenty our marriage shall be confirmed if you choose.' ' Ohj my Viviette — how is this?' he cried. ' Smthin ! I have not altered. But I feared for my powers, and could not tell you whilst I stood by your side. Take the bequest, and go. You are too ycungj— to be fettered. I should have thought of it ! Do not comuni cate with me for at least a year : it is impera tive. Do cot tell me your plans. If we part we part. I have vowed a vow not to further obstruct the course you had decided on before you knew me and my pulling ways : and by heaven's help 1*11 keep that \ovr. .... Now go. These are the parting words of your own Viviette 1' Swithin, who was stable as a giant in all that appertained to nature and life outside humanity, was childishly flexible in social matters. He was quite awed by her firmness, and looked vacantly at her for a time, till she closed the window. Then he mechani cally turned and went, as she had com* manded. Chapter XXXVII. A week had passed away. It had been a time of cloudy mental weather to Swithin and Viviette, but only noteworthy fact about it was that what had been planned to happen therein had actually taken place. Swithin had gone from Welland, and would shortly go from England. She became aware of it by a note that he posted to her on his way through Warborne. There was much evi dence of haste in the note, and something of reserve. The latter she could not understand, but it might have been obvious enough if she had considered. On the morning of his departure he had sat on the edge of his bed, the sunlight stream ing the early mist, the housemartins scratch ing tbe back of the ceiling over his head, as they scrambled out from the roof for their dsy's great hunting, the thrushes cracking tnails on the garden stones outside with the noisiness of little smiths at work on little anvils. The sun in sending its rods of yellow fire into his room, sent, as he suddenly thought, mental illumination with it. For the fiist time, as he sat there, it had crossed his mind that Viviette might have reasons for this separation which he knew not of. There might be family reasons — mysterious blood necessities which are said to rule mem bers of old musty-mansioned families, and are unknown to other classes of society — and they may have been just now brought before her by her brother Louis, on the condition that they were religiously concealed. The idea of some family skeleton, like those be bad read of in memoirs, having been un earthed by Louis, and held before her terri fied understanding as a matter which ren dered Switbin's departure, and the neutrali sation of the marriage, no less indispensable to them than it was an advantage to himself, eeemed a very plausible one to Swithin just now. Viviette might naturally have taken Louis into her confidence at hut for the sake of his brotherly advice. Swithin knew that of her o«ra heart she would never wish to get rid of him ; but coerced by Louis, might she not have prown to entertain views of its ex pediency? Events made such a supposition on St. Cleeve's part as natural as it waa in accurate ; and conjoined with his own excite ment at the thought of seeing a new heaven overhead, influenced him to write but the briefest and most hurried final note to her, in which he fully obeyed her sensitive re quest that he would omit all reference to his plans. These at the last moment had been modified to fall in with the winter expedition formerly mentioned, to observe the transit of Venus at a romote southern station. The business being done, and himself fairly plunged into the preliminaries of an impor tant scientific pDgrimage, Swithin acquired that lightness of neart which most men feel in forsaking old love for new adventure, no matter bow charming may be the girl they leave behind them. Moreover, in the present case, the man was endowed with that school boy temperament which does not see, or at leaet consider with much curiosity, the effect of a given ecbemc upon others than himself. Tbe bearing upon Lady Constantine of what was an undoubted predicament for any woman was forgotten in bis feeling that she bad done a very 'handsome and noble thing for him, and that he was therefore Iwund in Lciiorto roftke the mostcsf it. ,.-',- Bin gcicg had resulted in anything but ligLlmaas of heart for her. I3er ^ad- fancy obuld, indeed, indulge in dreams of her yel low-haired laddie without that formerly besetting fear that those dreams would prompt her to actions likely to distract and hinder him. She was wretched on her own account relieved on his. She no longer stood in the way of his advancement, asd that was enough. For herself she could live in Tetirement, visit the wood, the old cair.p, the oclumn, and. like Q&uone;, think of t£e life they had led there-— Mournful (Knone, wandering forlorn Of Paris, once her playmate on the hills, leading it entirely to his goodness whether he would come and claim her in the luture, or desert her ever. She was diverted for a time from these sad periormances by a letter which reached her from Bishop Helmsdale. To see his haud writing again on an envelope, after thinking to anxiously of making a father-confessor of him, startled her out of her equanimity. She speedily regained it, however, when she read nunote. 'The Palace, Melchester, 15th August. IS—. 'My dear Lady Constantine — I am shocked and grieved that, in the strange dis pensation of things here below, my offer of marriage should have reached you almost simultaneously with the intelligence that your widowhood had been of several months less duration than you, and I, and the world had supposed. I can quite understand that, viewed from any side, the news must, have shaken ana disturbed you, and your un equivocal refusal to entertain any idea of a new alliance at such a moment was of course intelligible, natural, and praiseworthy. At present I will say no more beyond expressing a hope that you will accept my assurances that I was quite ignorant of the news at the time of writing, and a sincere desire that in. due time, and as soon as you have recovered jour equanimity, I may be allowed to renew my proposal. — I am, my dear Lady Con fctantine, ' Yours ever sincerely, 'C Mejjohbstee.' She laid the letter aside, and thought no more about it beyond a momentary medita tion on the errors into which people fall in reasoning from actions to motives. Lioa'n, who was low again with her, became in due course acquainted with the contents of the letter, and was satisfied with the promising position in which matters stood all round Lady Constantine went her mournful ways as fche bad planned to do, her chief resort being the familiar column, where she expe rienced the unutterable melancholy of seeing two carpentera dismantle the dome of its felt covering, detach its ribs, and clear away the enclosure at the top, till everything stood as it Had stood before Swithin had been known to the place. The equatorial had already been packed in a box, to be in readi ness if he should send for it from abroad. The cabin, too, was in course of demolition, such having been his directions, acquiesced in by her, before he started. Yet she could not bear the idea that these struc tures, so germane to the events of their romance, should be removed as if removed for ever. Going to the men she bade them store up the materials intact, that they might be re-erectedif desired. She had the junc tions of the timbers marked with figures, the boards numbered, and the different sets of screws tied up in independent papers for identification. She did not hear the remarks of tbe workmen when she had gone, to the effect that the young man would as soon thick of buying a halter for himself as come back and spy at the moon from Ring's-kill Speer after seeing the glories of other nations, and the gold and jewels that were fouud there, or she might have been more unhappy than she was. On returning from one of these walks to the column a curious circumstance occurred. It was evening, and she was coming, as usual, down through the sighing plantation, wending her way between the ramparts of the camp towards the outlet giving upon the field, when suddenly in a dusky vista among the trunkB she saw, or thought she saw, a golden-haired toddling child. The child moved a step or two, and vanished behind a tree. Lady Constantine, fearing it had lost its way, went quickly to the spot, searched and called aloud. But no child could she perceive or hear anywhere around. She re turned to where she had stood when first beholding it, and looked in the same direc tion, but nothing reappeared. The only object at all resembling a little boy or girl was the upper tuft cf a bunch of fern, which had prematurely yellowed to about the color of a fair child's hair, and waved occasionally in the breeze. This, however, did not sufficiently explain the phenomenon, and she returned to enquire of the man whom she had left at work removing the last traces of Swithin's cabin. But he had left with her departure and the approach of night. Feeling an indescribable dread, she retraced her steps and hastened homeward, doubting if she had been mistaken, yet half believing that her imagination must have played her some trick that day. The tranquil mournfulness of these few days of solitude was terminated in a most un expected manner. The morning after the above-mentioned incident Lady Constantine, after meditating awhile, arose with a con viction. She realised a condition of things that she bad never anticipated, and for a moment the discovery so overwhelmed her that she thought she mast die outright. In her terror she said she had sown the wind to reap the whirlwind. Then the instinct of selfpreserva tion flamed up in her like a fire. Her altruism in subjecting lier self-love to benevolence and letting Swithin go away from her, was de molished by the new necessity as if it had been a gossamer web. There was no resisting or evading the spon taneous plan of action which matured itself in her n-ind in five minutes. Where was Swithin? How could he be got at instantly ? —that was her single thought She searched about the room for his last short note, hoping, yet doubting, that its contents were more explicit on his intended movements than the few meagre syllables which alone she could call to mind. She could not find the letter in her room, and came downstairs to Louis as pale as a ghost. Ho looked up at her, and with some con cern said, ' What's the matter *' 'I am searching everywhere fof a letter— a note from Mr. St. Cleeve ! Just a few words, telling me when the Occidental sails, that he goes in.' ' Why do you want that unimportant docu ment?' 'It is of the utmost importance that t should know whether he has actually sailed or not !' said the poor lady, in agonised tones, 'Where raj; that letter be?' Louis knew where that letter was, for, having seen it on her desk, he had, Mithout reading it, torn it up, and thrown it into the waste paper basket, thinking the lesn that remained to remind her of that young philosopher the better, ' I destroyed it.' he said. ' Oh, Louis, why did you ?' she cried in. despair. ' I am going to follow him— I think it best to do so — and I want to know if he is gone — arjd now the date is lost !' ' Going to run after St. Cleeve ? Absurd '. ' 'Yes, I am!' she said, with vehement firmness. ' I must see him — I want to speak to him as soon as possible.' ' Good God. Viviette, are you mad?'' 'Oh, what was the date of that ship. But it cannot be helped. 1 start at once for South ampton. I have made up my mind to do it. He was going to his uncle's solicitors in the north first — then be was coming back to Southampton. He cannot have sailed yet.' ' I believe he has sailed,'' muttered Louis, sullenly. She did not wait to argue with him, but re turned upstairs, where she rang to tell Green to be ready with tbe pony to drive her to Warborne station in a quarter of an hour. Chapter XXXVIII. VivieWe's determination to hamper S within no longer bad led her, as bas been shotrn, to forestall any weak impulse to entreat his return, by forbidding him to furnish her with his foreign address. His obedient disposition, his fear that their might be other reasons behind, wade him obey her command only too literally. Thus, to her terror and dismay, she had plsced a gratuitous difficulty in the way of her present endeavor. She was ready before Green, and urged on that factotum so wildly as to leave him no time to change the corduroys andskitty boots in which he had been gardening : he turned himself into a coachman as far down as his waist, merely putting on bis proper coat, hat, and wai&tcoat;, and wrapping a rug over his horticultural half below* In this compromise he appeared at the door mounted and reins in hand. Sec-ing how sad and determined Viviette was, Louis pitied her so far as to put nothing in the way of her starting, though he forbore to.help her. He thought her conduct but sentimental foolery, the outcome of mistaken pity and ' such a kind of gain- giving as would treuble a woman ;' and decided that it would be better to let this mood burn itself out than to keep it smouldering by obstruction. ' Do you remember the date of his sailing?' she said, finally, as the pony carriage turned to drive off. 'He sails on the 25th; that is, to-day. But it may not be till late in the evening.' With this she started, and reached War borne in time for the up train. How much longer than it really is a long journey can seem, was fully learnt by the unhappy Viviette that day. The changeful procession of country seats past which she was dragged bad no points of interest for her now. She reached Southampton about midday, and drove straight to tie docks. On approaching the gates she was met by a crowd of people and vehicles coming out — men, women, chil dren, porters, police, cabs, and carts. The Occidental had just sailed. The adverse intelligence came upon her with such odds after her morning's tension - that she could scarcely crawl bKct-tof the tib^ which bad brouebt btr. But this was hot :a . time to succumb. As she bad nVluggageiihe dismissed die nan, and without any real con sciousness x-f what she was doing, strolled away, and sat down on a pile of merchandise. After long thinking her case assumed a more hopeful complexion. Much mtjjht k probably be done towards communicating with him in the time at her command. The obvious step to this end, which she should have thought of sooner, would be to so to his grandmother in Welland Bottom, and there obtain his itinerary in detail— no doubt well known to Mrs. Martin. There was no leisure for her to consider longer, if she would be home again that night ; and returning to the railway she waited on a seat, without eating or drinking, till a train was ready to take her back. By the time she again stood in Warborne the sun rested his chin upon the meadows, and enveloped the distant outline of the Ring's Hill column in his humid rays. Hiring an empty fly that chanced to be at the station, she was driven through the little town onward to Welland, which she approached abou eight o'clock. At her request the man set her down at the entrance to the park, and when he was out of sight, instead of pursuing her way to the house, she went along the high road in the direction of Mrs. Martin'3 Dusk was drawing on, and the bats wer wheeling over the green basin called Wellan i Bottom by the time she arrived ; and had au other errand instigated her call she would have postponed it till to-morrow. Nobody responded to her knock, but she could hear footsteps going hither and thither upstairs and dull noises aa *-£ articles moved from their places. She knocked again and a^ain, and ultimately the door was opened by Hannah as usual. 'I could make nobody hear,' said Lady Constactine, who was so weary she could scarcely stand. ? *' I am very, very sorry, my lady,' said Hannah, slightly awed on beholding her visitor. 'But we was a putting poor Mr. Swithiivs rooms to rights, now that he is, as E may say, dead and buried to us ; so we didn't hear your ladyship. I'll call Mrs. Martin at once. Sheiai- pin the room that used to be his workroom.' Here Hannah's voice implied moist ej es, and Lady Constantine's instantly overflowed. 'Ko— I'll go up to her.' said Viviette ; and almost in advance of Hannah she passed up the shrunken ash stairs. The ebbing light was not enough to reveal to Mrs. Martin's aged eyes the personality of her visitor till Hannah explained. ' I'll get a light, my lady,' said she. 'No— 1 would rather not. What are yoa doing?' . 'Well, the poor misguided boy is gone, and he's gone for good to me. I am a woman of over four score years, my Lady Constan tine, my junketting days are over, and whether 'tis feasting or whether 'tis sorrow ing in the land will soon be nought to me. But his life may be long and active, and for the sake of him I care for what I shall never see, and wish to make pleasant what I shall never enjoy. I am setting his room in order, ss the place will be his own freehold when 1 am gone, so that when he comes back he may rind all his jimcracks and trangleys as he left 'em, rnd not feel that I have betrayed bis trust/' Old Mrp. Martin's voice revealed that she bad burst into such few tears as were left her, and then Hannah began crying likewise ; whereupon Lady Constantine, whose hearst had been bursting all day (and who, indeed, considering her looming trouble, had reason enough for tears) broke into bitterer sobs than cither — sobs of absolute pain that could no longer be concealed. Hannah was the first to discover that Lady Constantine was weeping with them, and her feelings being- probably the least intense among the three, she instantly controlled herself, and said hastily to Mrs. Martin — 'Refrain yourself, my dear woman, don't ye see how it disturbs ray lady.' And turn ing to Viviette. she whispered. ' Her years be so great, your ladyship, that perkap3 ye'll excuse her for bursting out afore ye? We know when the mind is dim there's not the manners there should be ; but decayed people can't help it ; poor old soul.' 'Hannah— that will do now. Perhaps Lady ConstaBtine would like to apeak to me alone,' said Mrs. Martin. And when Hannah had retreated Mrs. Martin continued : 'Such a charge aa she is. my lady, on account of her great age ! You'll pardon her biding here as if she were one ff the family? I pat up with such things because of her long service, and we know that years kad to cbildisli ness.' ' What arc you dointr — can I help you ?' Viviette askod, as Mrs. Martin, after speak ing, turned to lift some large article. ' Oh — 'tis the skeleton of a telescope that's got no ?works in bis inside,' Hiiid Swithiri'a giatdniother, scizmg the \\\vge pasteboard tube Swithin had made aad abandoned, becauf e he could get no lenses to suit it. ' I am going to hanjr it up to these hooks, and there it will bide till lie comes again.' Lady Constantine took one end, and the tube was bung up against the whitewashed wall by strings that the old woman had tied round it. 'Heir's all his equinoctial lines, and his topics of Capricorn, sud I donyt know what fcc-sides,' Mrs. Martin continued, pointing to some cliareoal scratches on the wall. ' I shall never rub 'em out— no; though tis such un tidiness as I was never brought up to, I shall never rub ?em out.' 'Where has Svrithin gone to first ?' asked Viviette anxiously. ' Where does he say you are to write to Mm?' 'Nowhere yet, my lady. He's going till over Europe and America, and then to the South Pacific Ocean about this transit of Venus that going to be done there. He is to write to us first, and said that if we did not bear from him for six mouths we were not to te surprucd.' At this intelligence, so much worse than fhe had expected, Lady Constantine stood mute, sank down, and would have fallen to the floor if there had not been a chair behind her. Controlling herself by a mighty effort, she disguised her despair, and asked vacantly — 'From America to the South Pacific— Transit of Venus?' (Swithin's arrangement to accompany the expedition had been made at tbe last moment, and therefore she had not as yet been informed). ' Yes — to a lone island, I believe.' 'Yes — a lone island, my lady,' echoed Hannah, who had crept in and made herself one of the family again, in spite of Mrs. Martin. 'He is gcing to meet the English and American astronomers there at the end of the jear. After that he will most likely go on to tbe Cape.' 'But before the end of the year— wliat places did be tell you of visiting ?' ' Let me see — he is going to the observatory of Cambridge, United States, to meet tome gentlemen there, and examine the great re tractor. Then there's the observatory of Chicago — and I think he has an introduction to a gentleman connected with the observa tory at Marseilles— and he wants to go to Vienna — and Poulkowaj too. he means to take in his way— there being scientific instruments and a staff of astronomers at each place.' 'Does he take Europe or America first?'1 she asked, faintly, for the account seemed hopeless.' Mrs. Martin could not tell till she had heard from Swithin. It depended upon what be bad been advised to do by his great uacle'a solicitor. Lady Constantine bade the old people good-bye, and dragged her weary limbs home ward, lhe fatuousness of forethought had seldom Lccn evinced more ironically. Had she dene nothing to hinder him, he would Lave kept up an unreserved communication with her, and all might have been welL For that night she could undertake nothing further, and the waited for the next day. Then at once shewrotetwo letters to Swithin, directing one to the Marseilles Observatory, one to the observatory of Cambridge, United States, as being the only two spots on the face of the globe at M'hich they were likely to intercept him. Each letter stated to him the urgent reasons which existed for bis return, and contained a passionately regretful in timation that the annuity on which his hopes depended must of necessity be s&criliced; l-y the completion of their original contract with out delay. But letter conveyance %vas too slo\y a pro cess to satiBfy her. To send an epitome of her epistles by telegraph wts, after all, indis pensable. Such an imploring sentence as she desired to address to him would be hazardous to despatch from Warborne, and she took a dreary journey to Southampton on purpose to send it- from an office at which she was an ktown, There she handed in her messages in duplicate, addressing them as she had addressed the letter, and again returned hcrre. With regard to Marseilles, she assumed that an answer might be expected in a day, if he bad gone there. She waited two davs, three days ; and there being no return telegram fiom Marseilles, the inference was that he had gone to America. For an answer to her American telegram she ought to wait a week or ten days longer to allow nim time to get to Cambridge and receive hers. Then ehe considered the weakness, the stultifying nature, of her attempt at recall. Events mocked her on all Bides. By the favor of an accident and by her own immense exertions against her instincts, S within had been restored to the rightful heritage that he bad nearly forfeited on her account. He had started oil to utilise it; when she, without a moment's warning, was asking him again to cast it away. She had set a oertainmacbinery in motion— to stop it before it had revolved once. A horrid apprehension possessed her. It had been easy for Swithin to give up what he bad never known tbe advantages of keep ing; but having once begun to enjoy his possession, would he give it up now? Could he \- toe defended on for such self-sacrifice ? Sup pose, Jtbere arrived no reply from him for the Dt-xt ihiee months, and that when his answer came he were US inform her that, haying now fully acquiesced in her original decision, be found the life he was leading so profitable as to be unable to give it up even to please her ! He was very sorry, but having embarked on this course by her advice, he meant to adhere to it. There was indeed every probability that, moving about as he was, and cautioned as he bad been by her very self against listening to her too readily, she would receive no reply from him for three or perhar-s four months. This would be on the eve of the transit ; and what likelihood was there that a young man. full or ardor for that spectacle, would forego it at the hist moment to return to a hum drum domesticity with a woman eight years his senior ? If she could only leave him to his career, and rave her own situation also ! But at that moment the proposition seemed as impossible ae a triangle of two straight lines. In her walk home, pervaded by these hope less views, she passed near the dark and deserted tower. Niglit in that solitary place, which would have caused her some uneasiuess in her years of blitheness, had no terrors for cow. She went up the winding path, and, tbe door being unlocked, felt her way to the top. The open sky greeted her as in times previous to the dome period ; but there was not a star to suggest to her in which direction Swithin had gone. The absence of the dome suggested a way out of her difficulties ; a leap in the dark and all would be over. But she had not reached that stage as yet, and the -thought was dismissed as quickly as it had come. The new consideration which at present occupied her mind was whether she could have the courage to leave S within to himself, as in the original plan, and singly meet her impending trial, despising the shame, till he should return at five-and twenty and claim her. Yet was this assumption of his return so very safe ? How altered things would ' be at that time. At twenty-five he would still be- young and handsome ; she would be five-and-thirty, faded, middle - aged, and homely. A fear, sharp as s frost, settled down upon her that in this she might be building upon the sand. She hardly knew how she reached home that night. Entering by the lawn door she saw a led coal in the direction of the arbor. Loh:s was smoking there, aud he came for ward. He bad not seen her fcince the morning, and he was naturally anxious about her. She blessed tbe cbance which enveloped her ia night, and lessened the weight of the en counter by one-half. 'I-id you accomplish your object?1' he asked. ' ]So,' said she, with the apathy that abnu dons calculation. ' How was that?'' ' He has sailed.' 'A very good thiog for both. I say. I believe you would have married him if you could have overtaken him.' ' That would I i' she said fervently. ' Good Gcd ! Would you marry anybody else V asked Louis, aghast. 'I would marry a tioker, for that matter, in present circumstances,' she said recklessly. ' Only I should prefer to drown myself,' Louis htld his breath and stood rigid, such was the force of the meaning her words con veyed. *' But, Louis, you don't know all,' cried poor Viviette. 'I am not so bad as you think. Mine has bee* folly— not vice. I thought. I thought I had married him, and then I found I had not. The marriage was invalid. Sir Blount was alive. Ana now Swithin bas gone away, and will not come back for my calling! How can he? His fortune is left on condition that he forms no lcgs-1 tie. Oh, will he come again !' 'is ever, if that's the position of affairs,' said Louis, firmly. 'What tben shall I do ?' said Viviette. Louis escaped the necessity of replying by pretending to continue his Havanah; and she, bowed down by what she had revealed, crept from hini into the house. Louis's cigar went out in his hands as he stood looking intently at the ground. (To be continued.) 