SPORTING NOTES. BY EuaTious. Mr, T, Wheeler has disposed of liis hunter Jack of Cluba to Mr, E. Lowis, of Adelaides Tho prioe was £30, Trigger and Anon left for Adolaido via Beaohport on Saturday morning. Most of the other horsos engaged at the late meeting have also departed to their reapeotivo homos, A 8 the horae Ioonoolast, purohaaed by Mr, F, Harris last wook, may bo at tho aervioo of breeders during the coming season, a clanoo through his pedigree may do useful, Ioono olast is a ohesnut liorao, oight years old, and was bred by Mr, ]?, Henty at Morino Downs, He is by Manuka from Mayday, and through The Peer (his grandsire) goes baok to tho stout old Melbourne blooa, Waimea (tho dam of Manuka) olaims Sir Heroules as lier siro-a horse that haa givon tho Australian turf suoh eolebritiea as Yattendon, The Barb, &o;,-out of Flora Mclvor, who traoea baok to Rous' Emigrant, Mayday la by Lieu tenant from Shade, Lietenant by Cap-a-Ple by the Colono], whilst through Gohanna Shade poaaesaea a dash of tho Wanderer and stout Whalebone blood. RoBabella, Shade's daro, Is a daughter of Peter Finn, This is breeding that oannot bo excelled, posaeasing as it does strains of the stout blood of Sir Horouloa, Touohstono, Tho Colonel, Emi grant, and Poter Finn, I may mention that had it not boon for an aooiaent whilst in training Ioonoolast would most probably have proved himself a raoehorso of the highest class, as he was tried to be a better horao than Tho Monk, who, it will be ro. membered, ran seoond for a Melbourne Cup. Now that the winter meeting is over and tho town has resumed its normal condition of quietude, the stewards and thoae con. neotod with the Club may congratulate thorn selves upon having brought it off so BUCOOBS. fully. The raoing was first-class, tho attond atioo exceedingly good, and the weather wonderfully fine for this time of year. It ia also oxpootod that financially the Club will be substantially bonoBted, The offort to. put raoing on a respectable footing here has, therefore, so far been attended with suocess, and if the Olub oontinue in the way they have begun, it will not be long before the dobt on the new course is wiped out, Hon* tion of the latter reminds me that visitors generally were much pleased with it, the stand and appointments being regarded as superior to any country course in the oolony. The running traok took the fanoy of raoing men most, and when it is scarified and laia down with oouoh grass will be, as a gentle* man of large experience remarked to myself, " as good going as any in the world." The necessary improvements will be. at onoe undertaken, BO that in the course of a few months the track will bo all that could be desired, Before purohasinjr Bosworth for hia Cairn Oairn stud, Mr, M, Bryant offered the atifflah figure of 3000 guineas for Navigator, but Mr, De Mestre refuBed it. Tho New Zealand horse Bundoora was the first to be struck out of the Melbourne Oup, his owner not relishing the heavy woight put on his horse, Segenhoe and Morpeth have also been struok out, Says "Skiddaw," in the Amtralasian i " By thea.s, Penola two of Mr, F, E, Harris's greyhounds have arrived from Adelaide (Mount Gambier ?). They are in oharge of H, Byrne for the Waterloo Cup, One is Harmony, by Sagaman- Duohesa," At auotion the racehorses Oolatoun and Illusion have been bought by Mr, John Leek, for £t,0G0, in order to oloae a partnership aooount j and Coriolanus was bought in for £000. W, Cook, in a matoh at billiards with a gentloman, reoently made 88 consecutive oanona in the middle of the table, only uaing the oushion three timoa during the break, Fred, Arohor'a first year of married life opened auspiciously by his win of the first of tho "olasBio" raoos on Lord Falmouth's Galliard, This is the third timo Lord Fal mouth has won the Two Thousand, and in addition ho has won two Derbys, four Oaks, and three Sc. Logors. The late Prince Batthyany'a biggest win on tho English turf, on whioh he was oon* spiouous for SO years, was in 1875, when his horso tialopin won the Derby, and beat Lowlandor in the groat match. Little Jaok, the Birthday Cup winner, has been shipped to the Mauritius, having been purchased for a lover of raoing in that island who desires to beat the Viotorian horse Beadsman, reoently imported there by a rival turnto. The Adelaide Raoing Club have taken the 4th and 6th August for their annual Winter Meeting, the prinoipal items of whioh are the Grand National Hurdleraco of 150 aovs. and the Grand National Steepleohase of 200. Frudhommo, the craok linglish hurdle* racer, has been sold for 2,000 guineas, A prominent Dorby favorite, The Prince, who was at 5 to 1 three weeks beforo tho raoo, was sold for £10,000 to tho gontloman who races undor tho namo of Mr. Adrian. Handioappers (says " Aufiur") are among tho best abused men in all English- speaking communities, and tho mother country is no oxooption to the rnlo. Messrs, Woathorby usually undertake the unthankful task of apportioning tho weights in the big handioaps in England, but they do not seem to have given satisfaction to Robert Peok, who is looked upon as an " awfully clever" turfito, Tho irate trainer, fooling dissatisfied with some of their handioaps, gave notioo to Mossrs. Woathorby to soratoh " all horses in his namo, excopt Baliol, out of all handioaps whore Messrs, Woathorby handioapped, whero tho weights had appearod, or any handioaps whore tho woights had not then appofirod for which t|)oy handioapped." The same thing has boon dono more than a dojjon times in Australia, but the olubs conoerncd have taken no notice of tho matter, Not so the English .Tookey Club, whose morabora oonsidercd that thoir hanaiaappom had boon inaultod, and rosontcd Pock's conduct by publishing tho following in tho noxt issuo of tho Rasing Calendar 1"Mr. R. I'oolt having, on tho 21at of April last, givon notioo to MosBra. Woathorby to soraton . all horsos in his uamo, oxoopt Baliol, out of all handicaps where Mpssra. Woathorby handicap, whore tho weights have nppoarea, or any handicap whero tho weights Jiijd nofc then appeared for whioli thoy Unndjoap,' tho stewards of tho Jookoy Club Iiavo dircctod Messrs, Weather by to doolino in future to npeopt any eutries of Mr, Peek's horsoa for haudioapa to bo made by thorn, or to handicap any horses his property or joint property." This was some what rough on the llussley twiijor, n»d tho aontonco was, to my mind, fur too sovoro, I'ook considered that Moaars, Woatherliy had not troatod him kindly, and said as much ; hut it was something like straining tho law to disqualify him and all his horsoa, A fino or q, caption would liavo tho pase, The ban, howovor, ojftond-i oplv fcq the })(vnd|pnp9 made by tho Ajossrs, Yi'cuuierby, Hnnlau and lio s aro matched at last, Tho raoo is to take plaoo on July IS, at Qgdoua burg, N.Y., distanoo four milos, two milos out and return, Tho ojtijsoiis of Qgdengburg liavo sijbspribod a purse of £400, to bo added to tho stako of A'?0() a-sicio, The artielos liavo boon siguod. Edwards and O'Leary aro both training hard for thoir six-days' walk. A ppdoitrifvn at Wiloannia, named MoDor< mott, is said to have povored 50 miles in flhrs, lOmin. Mr. " 1'lungor " Walton has bad a grand sale at Uia St, James's Hotel, Now York, nt whioh all his furnituro was disposed of, Ho lias now consort to bo tho landlord of tho house, Tho South Australian team of foothnljora, who liayo been playing a surjos of nifHohos in Victoria, perform-4 very well, but t|}oy >yeru invantvlny heatpu. A tweuty-wiloa swimming mntpli fnr $gOQ took placo ftt tho h&mboth; Jhtlis, Knglaml, on 80th April, botwoon W, Bookwitli, oh am pi on swimmer of England, and Matthew Webb, the "hero of the Channel," Webb took ill in his twelfth mile, and retired, giving Bookwitli the inatoh. The winner did ten milos in 51ir, 20miu, 67seo,, twoflty»nino minutes ahp»d of his rivfyl. I'ho Phipago (\J ) Rummer 1'rottipg meet ing, which ootumonoos on the 14th July, is to extend over seven days, and during that time something like #10, GOO will bp trotted for, the principal events being two j?1,000 priges, free for all, The flpld for tl\o Radios' Trophy, won by The l | host at the Cjvulfield Amateur meeting, was tho largost that over atartod in AuBtra lift, viz., 4*2. Only once has this been beaten in the world, and that was iu the (Stewards' Cup at Goodwood, won by Crouch Fatriok, when 45 oama to the post, This liorso, it will bo rouiomborod, was exported to Atta tralia, and waa looatod for some timo at Muntham, The Ghost was bred in South Australia. Iu the Victoria Gold Oup, run at Caulflold, Mr, T, Watson had the mount on Baronet, and beirig overweight ho pluokily rode bare baoked, the stirrups being fastened to a sur cingle. The horse struck a fence heavily &wT; ^whipped bin rider i and, w wier I 