THE TRAVELLER. PICTURES OF TRAVEL. By J. S. TWO ENGLISH COUNTRY TOWNS. Comparatively few Englishmen are well acquainted with the rural districts of their own country, and not many Londoners have explored the beautiful county which is lx>r dered by the Thames from Runnymede to Rotherhithe ; yet there is not a town or a village in it that is more than a two hours' walk from a railway station, and it abounds with subjects of interest to the artist, the antiquarian, the botanist, the student of English history, and the lover of landscape scenery. The very names of the places which dot its undulating surface—Nuttield, Crow hurst, Hazel mere, Horeelea, Dunsfold, Stag down, Hartswood, Sheep-leas, Woodman stern, Lone-lodge, God's-stone, Woodgate green, Brooklond, and so forth—are redo lent of the country or racy of the soiL It is embossed with hills like those of St. Giles near C-aterham, and St. Catherine near Guildford, Leith and Box Hills near Dorking, and the downs and ridges which are of such frequent occurrence in the western division of the county, from whence—in the spring and autumn more particularly—a succession of lovely prospects is unfolded, comprehend ing all those elements, in the ponrtrayal of which, the water-colour artists of the mother country have acquired such an indisputable preeminence. There are woods and copses which have existed from the time when this partof England was covered withadense forest, and when the weald, or wald, embraced within its limits a considerable portion of the adjoining connties of Kent and Sussex. There are parks in which the timber is of patriarchal antiquity, and in whose sylvan hollows herds of deer lie couched in beds of bracken, watching the wayfarer with their large brown eyes, and listening to his foot falls with their quick attentive ears. There are moated manor-houses and venerable homesteads set in a zone of stately trees, and surrounded by gardens, the Bolid walls of which are covered with espaiiered nectarine, peach, apricot, and pear trees. There are valleys perpetually freshened by wandering streams, upon the banks of which, the patient angler takes his stand, and there are rivers like theWeyand the Mole' which are bearing their tributary waters to the copious Thames. There are groves of beech and clumps of yew ; and green lanes, where the oak and hornbeam grow; and the hedgerows are a tangle of hawthorn, honey suckle^ hazel, bramble, and dogwood; and the green banks are carpeted with wild flowers; and wbere^-in themoresechided districts—you may hear in the daytime the striduloua song of the large willow-wren, the sweet wild-note of the blackcap, the crek-crekof the landrail, thetariefol voice of the redstart, the sibilant whistle of the grasshopper-lark, and the moan ing of the turtle-dove; while at night, the loud whistle of the stone-curlew, the chatter ink ofthe fem-onri, and—in her season—the '^music of a thousand tongues," uttered by thte *' poet of the woods, the nightingale, invade inestillnesB of the hour. From Leith i Which ls nearly 1,000ft. above the level thftre hs, as John Evelyn writes, isjpriftpecfc .to he seem" A tower onits summitaboat 100. years as the mausoleum of a gentle 11, and from hence, On a clear _ of vision embraces 12 or IS Abe sea-line Us its southern John Dyer's description of the Gtongar-bill is equally applicable It— " The windy summit, wild and high, Roughly rushing on the sky; The pleasant scat, the ruined tower, The naked rock, the shady bower; The town and village, dome and farm, Each gives each a double charm, As pearls uj>on an Ethiop's arm." Nor must mention be omitted of the open heaths and breezy commons, which are such characteristic features of Surrey scenery. Unlit for cultivation, they are surviving relics of primitive "Suthrige," covered now, as then, with gorse and bracken, and consti tuting the camping-ground of the gipsies who gather in such force on Epsom Downs during the annual festival which has made the place famous. If you follow a stream which takes its rise on this eminence to its continence with the Mole, a river which Spencer, Milton, Pope, and Thomson have each embalmed in en duritig^ verse, it will conduct you past the park of Wotton, in which stands the partly Elizabethan partly Georgian mansion of John Evelyn, whose Diary throws so much light upon the history of the period—1620 1706—in which he lived, while nis SyfrcL, or Discourse on Forest Trees, did much for the conservation of the timber of the mother country. His description of the house in which he was born and died, nnd of the scenery by which it is surrounded, is as ac curate to-day as when it was first penned:— " The house, large and ancient, suitable to those hospitable times, and so sweetly en vironed with those delicious streams and venerable woods, as in the judgment of strangers as well as Englishmen, it may be compared to one of the most pleasant seats in the nation, and most tempting for a great person and a wanton purse to make it con spicuous ; it has rising grounds, meadows, woods, and water in abundance." The estate still belongs to one of his descendants, who has carefully preserved the manuscript of his ancestor's Diary, his library, some sketches which Evelyn made while be was abroad, and the prayer-book—with a blood stain upon one of its leaves—which was used by Charles the First upon the scaffold. Quitting the park and striking into a pretty country road, you reach the quaint little church of Wotton, with its thick squat tower over-run by ivy, and supported by a pent-house roof, crowned with a small weatherboard belfry. There is the spacious porch, in which Evelyn was taught the, "rudiments" as a child; and t^ere are the monuments of himself and his wife, as also the tombstone of a certain William Glanville, who bequeathed the sum of forty shillings, " to be paid annually to each of five poor boys of toe parish, who, on the anniversary of his death, with their hands laid on his gravestone, should be able to repeat the Lord's Prayer, the Creed, and the Ten Com mandments ; read the 15th chapter of the First Epistle "to the Corinthians, and write out legibly two verses of the same chapter." Pursuing our walk in an'easterly direction, skirting the grounds of the Rookery, and traversing the hamlet of Westgate-street, we reach the quiet old- fashioned town of Dork ing. occupying the site of the Roman road called Stone- street, and constituting the resting-place after the first day's journey of travellers proceeding from London to the sooth coast during the Middle Ages. It lies at a sufficient distance from the railway sta tion to have escaped its innovating and pro saic influences; and, what is more, its inha bitants are so little parsimonious of their time, and have so full an appreciation of the picture8queness of the roadside scenery between their own town and the metropolis, that they maintain a four-horse coach, which makes the double journey every day. This is in accordance with the fitness of things, and is an appropriate tribute to the memory of Tony Weller, with whose name Dorking will be fondly associated in the minds of English men so long as the Pickwick Papers shall endure. Old Weller himself, or rather a stage-coachman named Broad, who was the original of the portrait, died here a few years ago. " The Marquis of Granby" has, unfor tunately, been transformed into a post-office. Its real sign was "The King's Head,"and previously to the time of the Restoration, The Lower Chequers." Therefore the be guiling odour of pine-apple rum and water has erased to float out into the street from the snug bar-parlour in which Stiggins used to moke himself at home, and mingle spiritu ous excitements with spiritual .sedatives. There is the pavement across which the snuffling "shepherd" was kicked, but the horse-trough in which he was ducked by the indignant widower has disappeared. Whe ther it was whittled away by relic-hunters or chopped up for fire-wood is unknown. Of the famous battle that was fought—on paper —between the English and the Germans just outside of Dorking it is unnecessary to speak, further than to testify to the topogra phical accuracy of all its details. The town itself has a thoroughly old-world aspect, still, sleepy, and secluded. It is mainly composed of one long, narrow, winding street, with the footpath on one side of it raised several feet above the road, like "thebank" at Rochester, and many of the honses set well back from it, with little gardens in front of them, and low walls of brick, or flint, or rubble, to separate these parterres, bright with all manner of flowers, bearing old familiar names, from the cause way. Gable ends, scaled with ornamental tiles of fanciful device, and roofed with the same material, are adorned and half- con cealed_ by magnolias trained as creepers, wisterias, jasmines, and the Virginia creeper. Old-fashioned sash-windows and casements, having diamond- shaped panes or " quarrels set in a framework of lead, admit the light into low-pitched rooms, with massive beams of a yellow brown supporting the floorabove. In one of these houses the furniture was on view preparatory to a sale by auction. It was mostly of solid walnut wood, polished by "elbow grease" to a glassy lustre. It included a bureau, with a redundancy of brass ornaments; an eight-day clock of imposing dimensions, a brazen face which recorded the age of the moon and the position of the sun in the zodiac, and a circular, glazed aperture in the elaborately inlaid case enclosing the weights, through which yon perceived a ponderous pendulum marking the seconds with impressive solemnity; a corner beaufet of Japanese workmanship, in which was a collection of china that had evidently been prized and preserved by two or three generations of owners; and an old armchair that may have dated from the time of Pepys. On the walls of the principal sitting-room were engravings that had become yellow by lapse of time, representing the naval victory achieved by Lord Howe " on the potions 1st of June," the taking of Seringapatam, the great earthquake at Lisbon, the curiously-curved profile' of His Most Gracious Majesty, George the Third, and the interior of St Paul's Cathedral as it appeared on the occasion of the funeral of Admiral Lord Nelson. The best houses in the town, next to those of " the gentry," are occupied, as a matter of coarse, by the professional men; and to the rearward there are lawns, shrubberies, gardens, and .orchards, the spaciousness ot which suggests that buildiijg sites possess hut little value in Dorking. Upwards of half-a-dozen inns—the " White Horse, the " Ked Lion," and so forth—with wide en trances into roomy court-yards, from which no posthorses are ever led forth now, and where you will not meet with even the ghost of a postboy on the darkest night, serve as club-nouses to the townsfolk, who resort to them of an evening, in order to smoke their pipes, and discuss the events of the day, or the affairs of the nation. . Through the grassy valley winds the slow and sinuous Mole, which disapiiears at the foot of a hill, sinking into a number of holes, appropriately called the Swallows, and issuing into the light again near Leather head. From Box-nil 1, as from most ot the eminences in the immediate neighbourhood of Dorking, the eye ranges over a wide ex panse of landscape, all the features of wlm-h may be described as intensely English. 1 hey comprise broad spaces of undulating park land, embossed with stately avenues ot beech and elm, and sprinkled with massive clumps of oak and chestnut: tracts of open common and purple heath ; farmhouses environed.by barns, bartons, and rick-yards, lying amidst squares of green pasture, brown fallow and yellowing cornfield; copses and dingles, winding lanes and white roads; isolated hamlets and secluded villages clustering around churches of great antiquity, em bowered in equally venerable trees ; winding valleys and ridgy uplands, upon the rugged faces of which the, chalk formation breaks out in bold escarpments from the thin layer of vegetation overlying its surface ; brimming streams creeping lazily through lowland meadows, where the bog moss and the sun dew flourish, and the cuckoo flower, or meadow bitter cress, and the rosy clusters of the cross-leaved heath variegate the ground. Chequer the face of this Surrey landscape with the shadows of flying clouds, with fugitive gleams of light, with thin curtains of vapour—opaque above and transparent below—that dissolve and vanish in transitory showers and leave a brightened lustre on the freshened foliage, and on the recently-mown pastures and closely-shaven lawns, and you have such a scene as Constable loved to paint, and as Miss Mitford best knew how to describe. Its generic beauty is as purely English as the mind of Shakspeare, aud its inspiration is traceable in all our poets from Chaucer to Cowper, and from Y\ ordsworth to Tennyson. And there is a succession of these land scapes from Dorking to Guildford ; the way thither for the pedestrian lying through Wotton, Gomshall, the droll little village of Shere, Albury, with its cathedral-likechurch, and die pleasure-grounds of its park, laid out by John Evelyn, and pronounced by him to be "such a l'osilippo as is nowhere in EnglandCliilvvorth, and Shalford, the latter one of the prettiest rill ages in Surrey, where the houses,with their projected gables, seem to have posed themselves for pictures, and the church and churchyard are placed just where an artist would desire them to be in making an architectural composition of the winding street Guildford itself is admirably placed for scenic effect The High-street, commencing in the narrow valley through which the river Wye pursues its devious course, climbs up a pretty steep hill, forming part of the chalk downs, stretching away for many miles to the eastward, and just where the not very broad thoroughfare reaches the summit of the plateau there is as picturesque a group of buildings, adjoining and confronting the Town-hall, as you will meet with outside of an old German city. The houses are delight fully irregular in height and form. They seem to be all windows and gables, angles and pro jections, bays and brackets,_ cornices and barge-boards, and the result is that there is quite a fantastic interchange of light and shadow, and the chief feature of the place— the Town-hall—looks down with a feeling of pride upon its old-fashioned neighbours ; not that it is very antique, or very handsome, but it is perfectly in harmony with all its surroundings. Elsewhere that balcony which projects so far over the pavement, and in which many and many a knight of the shire must have stood to return thanks for his election; those windows and pilasters reach ing up to the ponderous cornice; that trun cated pediment, that overhanging Janus faced clock, with such a wonderful amount of curly iron work about its supporting beam ; and that octagonal cupola, with its balus traded gallery, would look grotesque and rococo, but here they fit in admirably with the rest of the street architecture; and you cannot help thinking bow well they would all look upon the stage, if Mr. Gordon or Mr. Hennings were to place them on the canvas. Beyond this point, the houses become somewhat uninteresting in character, until you come abreast of Abbot's Hospital, a collegiate-looking structure, erected in the early part of the 17th century' at the cost of George Abbot, the son of a poor clothworker of Guildford, who rose to be Archbishop of Canterbury, while one of his brothers became Lord Mayor of London and another Bishop of Salisbury. Passing under a tower re I have spoken of the Town-hall as the chief feature of Guildford, but this was a slip of the pen. Its ancient castle, crowning a commanding eminence, is better entitled to this distinction, although nothing remains of it but the square keep, constructed of rag Btone, flint and red tiles, with traces of Roman masonry about the foundations and of Nor man work in the windows and arcades. Tra dition reports it to have been first erected about 45 years before Christ; and there can be very little doubt that it was built to com mand the important ford over the YVey and the approaches to it through the gap in the downs just opposite. YVhen, on the proposi tion of Fitz-YValter and the French party among the disaffected barons who were at war with King John, Lewis, son of the French King, came over to assume the Eng lish crown, ne took np his abode in Guild ford Castle on the 9th of Jnne, 1210, Thir teen years later, it formed part of the dowry of Margaret, the second wife of Edward I.; but in the reign of Edward III. it was de graded to the uses of a common gaol. To day it is an imposing ruin, with its "looped and windowed raggedness" concealed and beautified by masses of ivy. Its outworks which cover an area of nearly five acres, are partly occupied by gardens and orchards; and the storms of many centuries, beating on the rugged walls of the massive keep, have been ineffectual to impair its solidity, which nothing but an earthquake could disturb. Beneath it exist a number of extensive caverns hewn out of the chalk, in one of which 600 men-at-arms could have been concealed; while under two or three of the principal buildings in the High-street are crypts which are supposed to have been con nected with these larger excavations by sub terranean passages. 