The Strangerl at Your Gates. HFlow we came here is a gloomy mystery that will go to the grave with us, and to the dust-bin with cur boot-trunk. W'hen we ca?lne here is not so mournful a lnmatter, so we will uot attempt to hide it. We came here last week. In the misty morn when the royal sun rose red in the cast like a fireman after a picnic, we sighted afar off the spires of your city3, and wept for joy. This feeling of entering into a new place was fresh and strange, alnd glahlsomo to us for many, many reasons. Landing upon the wharf, we tookl our luggage out of our hat, and called, a:qab. There was none. Seeing our look of scorn, one of your citizens-of the class that danngle their legs over a wharf all lday,.and pretend to be fishing, while their wives grow wealthy at the wvashl-tub -hereupon drew himself up, and slid, "The cabs hadn't come down yet; it was too early for "em.' " The tone in which he said this led us to imagine that it we had landed later on, we should have found the wharf lined with cabs and hansoms. We retain a respect for this man, because he would not have his city run down, even if he had to lie for it. That he did lie we have reason to believe, for we have been informed that there is only onecab iu the place, andthat it has only half a horse in it, 'the other half having been eaten by the. owner and his family when business was dull. Anyhow after lingering around, for awhile, we got a dray, in which our luggage looked like . pill box in a coffin, And s5 we armivdd .at our hotel, the door-orening damsel of which looked upon us with a disdain which she did not. condescend to conceal. Certainly'she was to come extent justified. We had a shoe on one foot and a slipper on the other. This was because, like Philoctetes (this paralyses you I) woe -had a sore foot. But she evidently knew better. She had seen our sort before. She knew that the limp was theatrical. he had seen men with broken boots and a Eimilar limp many a time. So we followed her up the stairs with a feeling of meanness which we dis astrously failed to hide under an assump tion of airy familiarity. A remark which we made about her eyes-a remark which we may say has been admirid in the most cultured circles, of Woolloomooloo-she re ceived with a glare of s.ony scorn. This was discouraging, but we remembered the haughty spirib of our sires and bore up against it. . o Speaking of hotels. Your hotels do you gLedit, which is almnost as good as giving you credit. They- are, comparatively; far ahead in every way of ethe mouldy barns we call hotels in Sydney. But the thing that struck us first on land ing was the smell of your city. It is the most solid smell wa ever had to mine through. A reliable smell, a smell always to be found at . its post. We have a respect for a smell of this kind. There is something satisfying about it-very. Yes indeed, citizens, you may be proud of this smell of your city. It is strong and steadfa?t and old. It is an institution We wonder that people of your enterprise and genius should not have utilised it before. Look at what you .ould do aith it ! You could build batteries with it that no guns of any invader that ever in vaded could meke an impression upon. You could export it in blocks to be used instead of shells in bombarding. One such Mblock would have more effect than a mountain of shells.. But no; you are msthetes; you prefer to keep it foi ornament. Well, gratify your tastes, but, for goodness sake, have the generosity to nail up a notice on the outer sideof the smell so that visitors will know they have to pay. your draymen extra for delving through it. As we have already intimated, we are a stranger at your gates. Wo are also an. orphan. Nobody knows us-not even the poliee. And we are lonely; so lonely that we have even degraded ourselves so far as to lt y to lure one of your dogs to keep us corn an)y. But though we went into a sestauranl and bought a pie to tempt him, he would not he tempted. Perhaps he kneev too much about that kind of pie. Per}aps it was filial reverence prompted him? to refuse it. Think this out. We were, at any rate, much charined at this failure, because in Sydney we have only to:walk down the street to get dozens of people to follow us. rh y call them bailiffs. Maddened at our isolation 1e.at last did a thliug which we blush to tell-so much that we almost see our ink turning red aswe. wr:t.. But we will lollit; the confession vill ease our c.oscicnce. Well-please again consider the desperation of ouir lone lina-'*-we went up and spoke to a Justice ofihePeacel : 1Jil we explain how we got our limp? No;' well we got it leaving Sydney. Some of our friends came down to see us off, and. we just got off by the skin of our heel; but it was clo e work. And, speaking of work, it sseems some what curious to us that your cathedral is going up so slowly. Is it that you have. a feeling that it would be indecorous to do anything concerning religion in, has e ? If pso, youir feeling does equal credit to your "hearts--and your pockets. We went up to see whero you are going to begin to consider to think of erecting your cat hedral some day, and we were very much charmed with. the site; The choosing of :suhi a place for a :cdmetery, to,, is indica tive of a tender thoughtfulness on your 'pait for the comfort of the dead which does _you infinite credit. 7We are presuming. alt1 this time. that you have buried tbem up o the hill so that they may have ia good view, and be able to while:a .quiet century away inlooknling at the shipping.. Very protty= very sentimental this on your part. And while up .there we met a noble. "looking o'd gentleman,'with an eccles.astie eye. and a nose of the purest pre- renaissance type. Be approached us with a gentle and, so to speak, Go'h c.dignity thrt won our hearts at on' e B .nding our knee to, him, we murmured thrcugh bur tears. - tears of happiness-" N'une dimittis-now let us die. You are titat great and good bishop; you are that golden-mouthed, sil ver-penned prelate; you are that gray but gallant defender of the faith against the 'recthinker; you are that dau-ntleas-heayted. champion of the chuch-you, are "'J.B., Newcastle." There was a ghostly panse, and then he replied with -a.hollow hieeup " Get up, you cuseel fool, I'm. the founda tion digger." Spe king of Bishops brings us naturally round to toe subject of good living. And we may say at once that the tables in your hotels are somethiog to surprise a stranger. Even we who have been reared in the lap. of Lucullan luxury have found dishes to please cur palate. True, it has been dulled a litt'e of late yeaas sia. e we joined the Press, aid hid to liva now and then for three days on the lining of our hat. But for all that we know a sausage when we Eoe it-(told friend, could we ever forget you ?)-and we know what hash is with here and there a one. Believous ! We don't set up for ghosts from the other world; buti what we know we know. And one if the thu s we know is tbat the liquor sold in tle hotels hero is a good deal better-than that sold in Sydney. you can write this statement down in your prayer-boolks. It is roliable. We have not lost our reputation in this life, and our sal vation in the next., learning what liquor is without knowing. what wo are talking about. How we have ruil on to be sure. But the fact is we are writing in the midst of such unacoastomel splendour, su?h unfamil?i? gorgeoufness, that we fooeel elated ·eno.h to go on for a year. WVo have had somle ex perience about offices, and we say w'ith an unmoved countenance that the ollffice of the feradrl is to us an opium-dream of Orienil luxury. It is gartished with a gum-pot and made splendid with a spittoon. There are nails to hang your coat on, if you have one, and chairs with real bottoms to sit upon, if you are asked. And there is a massive, brazen inkstand, with the figure of a troubadour on it scratching his ear retie tively with one hand, while he graslps his glove with the other, whi.h is s'mply aweo ~inspiring to one who has been accustomed to dipping his eogle quill in a broken egg* stand, or a shaving pob. At the same time, this glove-grasping troubadoir makes rather much of a strain upon our -imagination. Troubadours now-a-days ,are happy if they have boots, not to to say gloves. We?o were tioubadors our. selves till we took to hodocarrying, and we know. And pens! Why you can actually -write with the pens ii this office. In every other newspaper office we have seen, when you ask for a pen, they hand you a pice of pointed rust, sttc k in a chewed stick, marked with the teeth of all the boys in th" o fice, :'and calmly watch you r?hile yoaur face is wrinkled up wt h tri-ying to choke 'you r.curses. oolks of reference: we should smile. \VWhy, there are eight volumes of Voltaire in the original French. It, is a bright and clhoer ful thing'tocome suddenly into the oflice, and hear the mnachine boys gaily chaIffing each other in elegant old French--elating Snud impressive to listen to the editor talk ing to the foreman of the comps. in the idiom of the days of the Grand Monarque and charming'to notice the intelligent and appreciative smile of the foreman as he "'listens. To us ihoso knowledge-of foreign languages was picked up by re:ling cod metic advertisements and sardine-tins, this ivas 'a:literary picnic of the io?lt exohila rating 'kind. Before we- fiuish: the nladies. : This sub jeat being the nearest to our. hearts, we, as usual in such cases, left it to the last. F'irmly, if shyly, thereforc, we face it. But prose is too ~old for su:h a theme. A light fantastic prelude on the firo-grate, a blushi, a sigh, aid now w?ith downcas? eyes: l)ears, we ]have beci on many strands, Jn many climes; Have wrorlshipped dames in many lands • Ill lllaIUy.¥]lIlle81 , Aind somei wmere dark, andl some were fair, \- Wit' sunl ny cue s. R. Yet thbre were none1 so sweel, we swearc. As yoe, dear girls i Blondes, eyed sgray as your own bay-- - Elyes flll of ariul; Bruncthes, with eyes as blaclk-we'll sIay As your own anal.l But not .youtr eyes we nmost admire, Or tfiry fort, Althoughl the eyes lhnil of fire,. The fcot be fled. It is your mootlis-mioutlish, malde 'o dash iStotllheart.4 with awe! . Y'ou hare Ihejindceo mxolds for hIc,,h l'c eer stuw. Lyou know, boys, en'. in the banck'yard That nlettle bed ; Plant there the body of this lard ' Whenl he is dead.-Eu. N. M. II. .0 A.j 