Tale in Verse. ' IOST D5 Till STOBH. : . '• ."Waik in.'waik right in, you're weleoae; Whew! how the wind whistles about. Take a chair close Jo the fire,sir ;. , It's a bad sort of night to be out. . You saw our hght through'the darkness, And thought , you would como? That's •--.,.- right. Somehew my heart's warmer and softer * Onev'ry such Slust'im' night. Xou seem sort o'-pale like and nervous, Tour walk was too much, I think; . Come to look, you're white as a ghost, sir; ; Seems to me you'd better drink. • r* Well, well, I won't urge you, but really— What's that you're sayin'—this night, . With its storm makes you think of another, l iAnd the jnem'ry saddens you quite ? TfjMayhap if you'd tell me the -story, r i^Twotud ease up your,minda hit. : 'Twas-just.such a night as this-one— ... 'Taint hkely I'll ever forgit— That our blessing came, and somehow When the wind and storm are abroad, There's :a queer kmd o' feelin'in here, A sort o' thanksgiving toOod.. "What's that youaresaym'? Oh, surely : I couldn't ha- heard yon right.. Didyou.say that your wife went somewhere* And yon droppedin that night? ' -That she went home kind ,o, eaTly; - •-. e But they nrged yon to stay a speM, And told her you'd bring the baby, ; \- And see 'twas bundled up'well? -• •'-• " At last the wine you'd he'n dnhkm' : - ; , Had somehow got into your -head; The,mnd and the storm "were dreadful - When youstarted forhome, yousaid? ,, See here, stranger, 'twasn't neaT Alte, ; , Just-five years ago to-night?.;:. - rm thinMn' o' that place always,: - - - : So I couldn't a heard-you right. . ^ > " It was ? And the baby you held it' . „ And-.Staggered on through the snow, :yourhram,groinn'.drowBy anddizzy; 1 And that is-:the last-700 know .* Of that night and the storm, till soma one Found you tliere crazy and wild, Andcamed'-you,home,vbut surely.•-=-- Now didn't,they findthe child? " Sol—well,.! might a known it. i'rom the firstsomethin' told me 'twas so. Son aay,some. wild.beast had got it^ . v There were tracks «H:about in the snow. stranger, see here, if a fellsw A poor sort o' fellow, you see, Found a -purse of gold that its owner •- Thought he had lost in the sea, " Andi thenhenhonld meet vrith that owners Do you think it would be a sin Jpat to keep it ?—-when he -who lost it "Thought never to see it agm? Sou do V - Wellj-go on with your story, Your -wife ? Might a known she weat wild, And iold you notio come mgh her • Agin till you brought-back her child. •"Five years sad-hearted and lonely, Five years you've be'n -wanderin' about. - Ah, well 1 to me they've he'n happy; Yes, wife, go bring Dolly out. I-see my way clear-to duty, When she's righthere on my ikneo; Her white arm's clingrn' about me, "" I'm a httle faint hearted you aee. "Come here, little Dolly, my baby .Give-daddy one more Hss and then , k I'm a better man than without her, 3 could ever hope to .a he'n. J?owhereis7m/<tory—dotftory, wife, i- Jfstough, hut it's right, you know: "Tbat-night, sir, ndin' from Alta, ' I was cursin' the wiud«nd the snow. "When my horse stumbled right over 1 something, Apd when I got oft to see, 'Twas a dead man leastways I thought so, • And a-ohild that simladat me. * s I unbuttoned my coat jand laid it In here away irom the-storm, ' And somehow, from that very minhit, ^ My heart's be'n soft-like and warm. We werecomin' west, so we kapt it; 'Twan't onxs,*nd wemightatoown, We'd some day get punished forkeepin • ,.;, The gold that wasn't our own, And while 'you were tellin' your shay The Devi kept vrhispenn' to me, Don't tdlten.-:, haMverwillinoirii:: " He thinks the -child dead, you see.* •But I just had to—that baby With her cute]ways has charmed me quite ; Once I didn't care a co_pper, sir, If a thing were wrong or right, Butaow—well, here is your baby; . Her loss cured jon ol your sin. Iiost in tlie storm, the storm drove you _ A Duma sohoolmistress sued three young men iorhreaeh of promise, - Counsel ior .one of the -defendants moved for a nonsuit on the ground that she was 4oo promiscuous. The court seemed disposed to grant the motion, whereupon .the plaintiS asked: Judge, did yon ever go'duck-shooting?" His Honor's eyes hghted np with the pride of a sportsman as he answered ; " Well, I should say so ; .and many's ,the time that I've brought down a dozen at a shot."- ."I knew it,"- eagerly ridded the fair plaintiff; "thafs just the case with me, judge; A v floek of these fellows besieged me, and I winged three of them." 1ThB motion for a nonsuit was denied. —Bote Martwieh Tiiarge. 