SUNDAY READING. Babel. tub Ti:kv Rev. H. Law, Dean- or OlODCESTEli. " Theroforo is tUo name of it called Babel."—Gen. xl., 9. Maky millions throng the earth. But from one; homo they spread. The source is the sauie. Tho ark contained tho parobfc stock. Tho pro genitors of the human raco all sat around Noah's board. The family and the speech were one. • Noiv the languages are many and unlike Tho medium of- vocal intercourse varies moro than tho changing clirae. A multitudo may speak together, and . all bo strangers to each other's minds, \- kVheuco canm this discrepancy ? It obviously exists. But tho existence is not the fruit of given law. is no natural result of time's advance. Tho lapse of ages would not pro duce tt. Ingenious guesses may atiompt a solution, but ilimsy guesses contradict them selves. Research maywearyitself, and gain 1 no safe conclusion. — ' One book alone conducts to the reply. The Bible is that book.' .< .'no author only fixes the date. Moses alone gives the explaining story. Reader, conie now,and in this sacred record learn the origin of diverse tongues. It "will be I no surprheto find, that* stu'opens the sluice- J "gate. Thero.is no jar—no discord—nocon-l fusion in this world, of which'sin is^notthe baneful root.*'' '' The scene commences as a tranquil morn. The first word of our chapter simply tells, The whole earth was of one language'and of one speech/' Gen. xi, 1. When common prayer sought common blessings, one sound ap proached the throne of grace. "When common praise proclaimed the common gratitudo, one chorus swelled with melody. All joys—all sorrows were related in one rote. One was the vehicle of business—of sport—at home — abroad. None spake but every hearor under stood. Through the whole family uniform utterance prevailed. Thus the progeny of Noah reach Shinar. Here an extent of plain spreads widely. It invites them to construct a settled home, that weary wandering may cease. The tempter suggests the thought. They yield. The waters of the deluge had not extinguished evil pas sioos. Outward judgments expel not rebellious lusts. The lit-arb is still strewn with the stubble of iniquity. A little spark will kindle quick combustion. Thus at Shinar impiety works impatiently. They murmur, Shall it be that we thus roam, unsettled as a rolling stone, or chaff of summer throsbing- iloor—hurried from place to plane, a homeless horde ? Is it not wisdom to con* centrnte our numbers ? Combination will secure our fame—oneness will consolidate onr power, nnd raise us high in firm magnificence— free—independent—feared. In accordance they concert a godless plan. ' Go to, let us build us a city, and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven :' Gen. xi, 4\. Let mighty walls extend around, and Bbield with defence our one vast dwelling. Let a gigantic tower arise, whose top may scalo the skies. Let the whole earth admire our im pregnable abode. The skill is ours. Materials abound. Arise, then, let us build "We have not far to search for the vile motives of this impious plot. The sacred narrative withdraws the veil. ' Let us make a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth:' Gen xi, 4. Tain-glory works: * let us make us a name.* Believer, care sot to construct a name for self. 'J here is a name provided for you. It is a refuge, high, glorious, sure. No enemy can level it No skill can strengthen it. ' The name of the Lord is a strong tower: the righteous runneth into it, , and is safe:' Prov. xviii, 10 Build not with rubbish of your own, when such a fortress is prepared. Vain-glory! where is the heart in which this monster has no nest? It is the common rud der of man's life—the pole star of his course. Self-aggrandizement is the secret spring of ex*, ploita—labours - toils. It urges the warrior to the camp and field; it nerves his arm, and drives ; him undaunted through unnumbered perils. I bo student, intoxicated by tbis cup, refuses rest, and leaves no stores of literature unex plored. Behold the splendid palaces—the noble castles which adorn the land. View the monu ments of ingenious art—the grand productions of elaborate skill. Bead volumes in which rare genius sparkles in each page—the migLty exploits of commanding mind On these a true inscription would record—These works were designed to win a name among the sons of men. If such be the Drorr.ptieg motive, the end i» .disappointment's bitter cup. The world pays only misery to its poor slaves. Amo .'kingshadow is pursued. No substance is ever grasped. Lid Babel-builders gain renown? A name, indeed, they have obtained But it is a name of ignominy. They raised a monument which tells their Bhame. In after days, at this same spot, we find this passion ruling the Chaldean king. See him walking in the palace of his vast empire. His words proclaim the inner pride,1 Is not this great Bsbylon, that I have built for the house of the kingdom by the might of iny power, and for the honour of my majesty ? Dan. iv, 30. Did he long strutin this self-exaltation? While he yet spake, Diviue displeasure frowned. Men cast* him'out, as lower than tho human raco. He ' horded, fit comrade, with' tho mindless beasts. Thus soaring pride earned low con tempt. The haughty monarch grovelled with the brides. He best subserves his fame in whom all self is slain. Jesus iu all things is our perfect model. In Him self hod no life. He 4 pleased not himself.' He never sought His „own re nown. One zeal'consumed Him—to'glorifyHis heavenly Father's name, aud to bring honour to His holy attributes. Paul .ranks the chief of hewoes. * How. was his' fame won ? Mark the principlo of his heart—the precept oE his lips • Let nothing be done through strife or vainglory, but in lowliness of mind let each e*tetun others better than themselves:" Phil, it,. 3 Ho thus walks humbly iu humility's low. vale; 4 according to my earnest expectation and my hope, that in nothing I shall be ashamed, but that with all boldness, as always, so now also, Christ shall bo magnified in my body, whether it be by life or by death : for to mo to live is Christ, and to die is gain :' Pliil.'i, 20,21. How dismal is Babel's contrast Indeed the constant hietory of tho unrenewed will is a mirror reflecting aolf. Here is the common impulse,1 Let us mako a name.' Where self is thus the idol, God must be dethroned. These builders give proof. The wide city—tho high lower aro planned, * lest thev be scattered abroad upon thofaeoof tho whole earth.' God's wi 1 is hero deiiod. That will had srid, By thorn the earth should bo replenished. To accomplish this forbad idle clustering iu one spat. It required, constant inarch .and wide diil'uriou. huso must be denied. God called tlwin t> [move. They willed to tarry. Tho command is, let earth be visited in all its parts. The reply is, We will not be tints scattered. How Bwect again to turn to Jesus. : How lovely are'.those earliest words, 'Wist yo nofc that I must be about my Father's business ?*: How refreshing is the continued echo, 'I came down from heaven, not to do, mine own wiP, but the will of Him, that sent me :" John vi,' 38\. How brightly consistent is the sequel, '*KcvertHeIc5s,-not as I will/hot as Thon wilt " Matt, xxvi, 39.' In that prayer wbich soars on sublimity's high wing, wc arc taught to eschew this Babel-building spirit 1 Hallowed be Thy ; natlie. Tby kingdom come. Thy will be done in eaiih as It is in heaven.' At Shinar this vain-glory and self-will re solves to have no Lord, i herefore the work advances. The scene is busy. What rapidity of motion! What energy of mind! What industry of hand! Each look betokens fer vent interest. Strength is put forth. Sinews are strained. Deep ore the foundations laid. Firmly the walls are cemented. . What can withstand them. Success seems sure. But is God regardless of the daring effort? Are his cjes closed ? Is His mind indifferent ? A re not His ears open to this din ?. Is His hand shortened t ' Have His resources failed ? Has He no power to check? Shall worms of earth now triumph ? Shall their name erlipee His ? Shall their impiety prevail? How easy again to open the windows of heaven, and pour down an overwhelming deluge! How easy to cause earth to gape, and swallow in oce grave the ~ workmen and the work ! How easy to bid lightnings from above and flames from beneath to make wide Shinar one smoking furnace! But no: judgment shall go forth indeed; but in new form. The Bsbeme shall be most mar vellously blighted, and all succeeding azes shall bear a brand to tell the tale of this sin's due reward. The Lord decrees, * Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand each other s speech Gen. li., 7. God speaks, and it is done. Beturn to the scene. The morning dawns. Fair nature smileainusualbeauty. The heavens —the earth—foreshow no coming marvel. All things around are ready for advance. The men are conscious of no inner change. They speak as heretofore. They sl out—they cry—they call—they chide. But now amazement fills them. All is confusion. Fach marvels at his neighbour's barbarous tongue- Fach stares and que-tions, What means this dissonance ? Is it insulting mockery ? Has reason lost its seat ? Doubtless they revile—reproach- expostulate, and rage. Anger can only augment disorder. Discord is universal. Means of communication are utterly departed. Intelligence has ceased. There is no common tongue. There is no in telligible word. Thus the work finds a pitiable end. Humbled —defeated—mortified—dis graced—they part, because all mutual inter course is gone. ' 6o the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth, and they left off to build the city. Therefore is the name of it called Babel: be cause the Lord did there confound the language of all the earth; and from thence did the Lord scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earthGen. xL, 8, 9. From that day earth has been Babel. Langu age continues diverse. But the difference warm solemnly. It tells the sure defeat of all Tain glory. It derides pigmy creatures boasting to defeat Divine decrees. Stay, proud man—stay! Let Babel check your childish dreams. You will awake to the inheritance of scorn. Stay, rebel—slay! You rush against the bosses of Omnipotence. If God hath spoken, it will surely be All His :' reiolves stride gloriously onward to their glori - ous end. But Babel is rot all dark. A Gospel ray here shines. Doubtless its main feature is re quiting wrath. But look aeain; there is a smile of grace. Dirbion of tongues proclaims God's hatred of Tain-glory. But for all evil a remedy. is ordiined, and gift of tongues shall spread the Gospel tidings through earth's surface. : Behold the miracle of Pentecost. 1 They were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to - speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them . utterance:' Acts ii., 4.' Thus inspired heralds sounded salvation's glories and the name of Jesus in every tongue—in every clime. T Think, too, of heaven's one harmony. Ko dissonance shall vex those blessed abodes. One chorus shall swell from the csuntleas multitude of all nations, and kindreds, and peoples, and tongues. 1 he one loud cry shall be, 1 Salva-" ~ tion to our God, which sittith upon the throne, and unto the Lamb :* Kevl vii, 10. * • 