SEEING A GHOST ON SHIPBOARD. Two young Englishmen sailed together on board a Cnnnrd steamer from Liverpool for Now York a short time ago. They had never met before, but they happened to come to- gether in the first evening on board, and find ing that they had a good deal in common, soon became something more than mere acquaint ances. They were both university men ; one had been at Oxford and the other at Cambridge. They were both fond of sport, and each was crossing for the first time -that was quite enough to recommend them to one another, and before they had been two days at sea they had become fast friends. It was a rough pas sage, and they were seldom able to get ©n deck ; so they spent most of the time by playing ecarte in a corner of the saloon. The saloon of nn Atlantic steamer, however, is never a very airy place, and one day the atmosphere got so bad down there that these two young fellows agreed that anything was better than sitting there ; so they pocketed their cards, made a mental memorandum of the score and whose deal it was, and then adjourned to one of their cnbitts, nnd sitting; one on the lower bunk and the other on the cuuch, they went on with their game. It was between the deals, and the one who was sitting on the bunk (whom we will cnll Mr. A.) was shuffling tho cards, when both became aware that a third person was standing nt the cnbin door looking at them. " Good God, Jack 1" exclaimed Mr. B., jump ing up from the couch, " how ou earth did you yet here ?" The figure nt the door said nothing, but quietly turned round and walked away again. The boat was rolling badly., and when B. had done tumbling over the portmanteau and had made his way to the door soma few seconds had elapsed. A. was naturally somewhat as tonished at the mysterious interruption nnd tho way his friend had treated it, so he threw the cards on the bed, and, banging on to the door, scrambled out after him. When he got into the passage he saw B. standing some ten .yards . off looking up and down in a bewildered kind of way, anil nobody else in sight. A steward came along from the saloon just then, and on being questioned lie said he had met nobody but the cat that way; and as the " fire-hatch" was bnttenod down, and the.two men had been playing iu the Inst cabin but one, it was not likely that the strange visitor had gone the other way. " Who was it?" asked A., as the other came slowly back to him after questioning the steward. "I have not seen him on board be fore." " He was my brother, and lie is not on board, was the startling answer. "I left him in Liver pool, and I know he can't have come away." "Nonsense, ipy dear fellow it must have been some one of the passengers. I certainly don't believe it was your brother. He waB as utterly unlike you as one man can be unlike another — he was tall and you are short, he was fair and you are dark, he was stout and you are - slim, and your faces jtre completely different altogether." il Yes, I know. I call him my brother, but be is really my hal£-brothe.r. His name is C., and we are totally unlike each other. But > that man was my half-brother, Jack 0., as sure as I am standing here, or his ghost." Well, there was no more ecarte that after noon ; none of the officers or passengers had seen anybody answering to the description of the supposed C-, and be pever appeared agaiu , until they reached New York. When they landed, B. found that a cable message telling him that hiB half-brother was dead had arrived. Now, so far, this incident was not different from a score of others which have been reported and published at various times ; and, beyond the fact that the apparition was seen clearly by two persons, it supplies no further evidence of the existence or appearance of ghosts or ' doub les' than has been adduced over and over again. But there was a sequel to this which lends a ghastly circumstantiality to the whole affair, and makes it very hard to laugh the matter over as a mere optical illusion. A. lost sight of B. entirely a few days after arriving in America. While the former went West at once, the latter stayed in New York three or four days, and then recrossed to Eng land. Two years had passed before A. went back again, and he had pretty well given up puzzling over the mystery, when one day as he was walking along Piccadilly he saw the man who had appeared in the state-room that day coming to meet him. " Pardon me, sir," he began, " is not your name 0. ?" " Yes," was the answer, " my name is C., but I must confess you have the advantage over me." " I dare say. I only saw you once before, and that was on board the steamship Papua in mid-Atlantic," " Good heavens I Then your name is A., and you were with my brother, Charlie B., when he saw Jack. No, that was not I — that was my brother. We were exactly alike, and were con tinually being taken for one another. Charlie ia utterly different — but then Jack and I took after our father, I wish you would turn in here," he said, pointing to a club-house close at hand, "and tell me all about that day. You know, of course, that Jack died that very af ternoon?" Oh, yes, A. knew it well enough, but tho hor rible difficulty was this: He had never seen Charlie B. until lie met him on board ship, and had never seen either of the brothers C. at all. Tho only knowledge which lie had of their features, or could have, was from that one short glimpse on board ship. Whom had he seen, then ? Scarcely another person alto gether, when tho remembrance of his features enabled him' to recognise his brother. If it was an optical illusion it was a very wonderful one that could so picture a face which he had never seen before ; and if it was not an optical illu sion, what was it ? 