"OUR HARRY." A TALE OF THEI DIGGINGS. BY J. iM. B. CtIArPrIct xvtII. "Alas!. hi. hears yodu notL?. His i ar is stopped with earth."' TnI. poor woman now gave way3 to the tide o grief which she" had so powerfully, repressed during the last moments of her husband's-lifc, and her wail was pitiful to li.ten to as she lamented her loss with a voice-broken by sobs. ' "'Resquiesa! in pace,' my darlinig ! The heavens be your bed, for yourself was the -lov? ing husband to me, 'evcr since the day you took tiee from my father-s door. Azn' was it for. this that 've crossed the salt sea to'conme to this land of gohl ?-to a place where never a priest comes to bless is, or a doctor can be had. Was ii to bei'vbrking underground like a modicwort, and be crushed like a worm undler the earth, liat'ye left ould Ireland ? Sorrow for the day when it Was ever said to ye to come to Aus tralia, imy Bonnie James. And what shall \ve say to the por old motlter, too-that her eldest son was crushed to de-ath, an' Its wife and brother looking on ? lIowshall I tell it? God be good to.me now, if ever I leave the spot till himself is taken out and goes up the hIole before I go. ' Mary ! mother undefiled; mother of sorrows !.. Ora ro me.'" In vain they tried to remove her frosi the body, and at length one of the maltes clambered up theshaft and found some inore helpers, by swhose aid tie heavy tinibers wvere levered up, and the crushed framd of the once, strong man was, extracted aand removed to the tent, the widow insisting that the body should be taken up the shaft before she would ascend. ,-The.- painful scene need not be dwelt, upon. One more of the many nameless graves which are found in numbers near all .thee earlier diggings in Victoria. ' One more victim in the search after goli l had met his fate, and left ihose'he loved to the cold mercy of the world.> Yet inot alone-her - brother was with her, and she was not left destitute in a strange land,- as ninny have been, for the incident of sudden accident and painful death was not an un commnion feature'of the diggings when the gold fields were young. The mates, sad andi weary, found their way across the ranges towards their tent in the even ing, wet with perspiration anlndorn: out with hard toil.' As they passed the tlat at the bot toi of the gully, they came in sight of the smallstore which was thesole remaining place. of business, of all the numblirs that had floirished a few nionths since. - J im was dragging his limbs along in a weary, listless manner, and with a sort-of bhiver spoke to his mate., , "Leti us go over there and havea nobbler, HIarry. '. I am dead-heat, old man. I never felt so queer before. - I am all in a tremble with cold, attd my-lcad throls as. if it.would btirst. If I do not get something to lpnt life into me; I will never get to the ten!. - -" ".Come .along, oli fellow ; cheeri up. ;i: 'o lave caughitcohl with your wet clothes, iut we vill have a stiffdrink hot--that will makc',ou better. Give ineyotr pick, and laiy lold of ity arni.. I'll'pull you through." - . " The store was. reached; and the brandy was obtained. It coihd'l be had: at every store at that time, even altlhougth our wise rulers made if Rietil offence to sell spirits to the aniners. Piobably ihere wasmnore dlrinking ilone then anititgst tlie iliggers than there is now, When at every corner of a gold-fields townwi there'is an hotel' opsen; :Yet tinu did not get better, dnill another drink, made strong with a teaspoonful of black, pepper in it, wias administered, hbit he'declared tliat ihe fell colder and more giddy thaii ever. Hlarry wass perplesed,when an old bushman sitting by the c.unter volunteered to help Jiin homie, and 'taking Harry aside he whispered,', " Get hint into his bunk as" soon as you ein, mate. Ile is'in for an attack of colonial:-fever -tliat'ssliat's the mattei 'I hive seen enough of it io know it's nark; first sight." Between the :pair poorJ Jim, weak and staggering, ias. half arried, half carried, dragged, to the, tent, undressedi, and laid dowri, when he at once sank intoa:i lieary iiroiubled sleep._:i: i."He will be. oit of:his.inind-cr .mornmng, .matey".:saidold Jake. '.If you. have any money,-I'll go down' to the store and get some quinine--he'll -want:. it--and some grog, for. we'll want it, and then I'll'sit sup with you all night.:' Vou need'nt go to bed,,I can:takic: my solemn davy of that.' I Harry accepted the offer, anddid;d ella f6r it requiired all the united power of' both .men to keep poor Jim in thp hunk; when he swoke inn stite of dtliritim about: midnighthi His mind was tfull of the fearful- scene he had witnessed during: the day, and vwould spring ifrom- his' :couch 'a dozen, times to- seize; his:pick andl en ileavnour to rush to the assistance of'the 'rijured man, 'whose.voicehe thought he heard calling for help; Towards: inoming he gre;w calmer; -snd the -watchers dregsw together,the logs of -wood to the fire; and sitting down on the'rdot: Iog at, the door; tried to keep themselves awake by conversation: - ;After learnifng a :good deal about?-th-.miates by a series ofquestions piut With great ilainiiess ofispeech;: the old'- fellow: began? to get confi: 'dentinl and' iiold ::Harry: a noumber of ,queer stories of life in the: colonies' beforie the dis co'ery ofgold,'atdd ofvwoniderful goodii forune t h th ine' that hid "fallen to the lot oft ien hlih-d k'kown: -Tor an enquiryb 'ong he hail been olt; he repliecd? : ?'"Well oounseeksome ofthem' don'ticare.to tell,' ut it i?oes -not 'matter to me?:'sjiecia!ly; when you trusted me witlityouir,nibney to go to the store.- Isa?tiys to? nyself, 'syS.! I that's jbnnici--noiv you go back again with the grog; Old Jake,' and so idid, didst' I nov?':; I-larry assentid, and he i;entn; n: "Well, you see;, I'l an' other saider-an aold hand,' some folks say. I was a- - lifer,' I was, and all for picking op a shee? of Squire Thdrburn's-ablast him. I was only two-and twenty, anl was sent- out to that hell upon earth-Van Dieman's Land. But mind, Inever took up with the worst crowd, and when they ha plannedst to do for Straker-he was a warder, and had give me a bit of.baecy now -and then- well, I could'nt stand it, so Ltips and tells the chief turnkey, and they were ready for them,; They tried it on, but it iv? iinogo, and tw6 of theim was hong for it four. more got tW~io hindd r-'each, and I got a ticket-of-leave, lsethe othiiiswould haive done for me. Then s?hen; thei gold (broke oiut in Sydney I slo;ied over'there, and iid welltoo. I niade 'two. thousand ouinces -it Biithitrst,-and k?ocked 'it dobvn like 'lord:- Theni some; one;'smoked' nie, and I- borrowed' a hors, aniid came over-' ild' to Port!Phillip., I lived on that horsc for 'six weeks, till Iliad eaten and' drank. it'all," befire I:got any gold.?l But I done pretty well ati;lendigo=then wen ent 'nd knocked it down againi: Couldn'thelp it, mate- itburned ihol' in my pocket till it was gone.-. Oh: I ain't bid offye outnly now and then I.takes a nobbble" no the never,' when I think of old timies.'. '- otir 'mate's sleeping yet,so I'll tell you a yariih aboiut acove as w.as the wisest I ever caie aicross; thoi?h h e looked an'asv ful spooney to be sure; :?-' e were working: (four of us)at Forest Creek, when ie ecame up, and looked downoiur pi-iddock: on the- creek :-tink;:: We were just taking the bottom off, and were tlicking .the bits of flat gold out from between, the slates, indil putting them into a quart p0t, when llazes, thatl was one of the mates, looks up and: asks him whait the ':he wantedithere:. lie only'said he ias starving, couldn't: find no gohll, that was all: Take that,' said "Illazes,' 'id go to @ ,a' he shuig him ula nug get, about an ounceselwe don'twnt you here.' 'Thank you, gentlemen' said the bpoor fellow, ' you have saved my life; and my son's too,, for he is just recovering tfoni. the, fever, ad has had. nothing to eat for tiWo days.' ; ' Can't ye lay. him .on,' growled Turpin; another mate, with one eye, don't-you see I'm busy.: Ye" can't keep all the blessed groinit to yourselves.: Lay:: him oni to that. 'shallow' streak SAnd sose did. lie pegged 'out, and went home wvith some tucker.:..Thcnhe came back, carryimg a lad about sim'years old;, as thin as a rake and as iihiieins a ghost.: He set: him dowvi. undlera bishi covered :him upt with his bluem shirt,; ind went itoworik. It took ý himt three dtays to sink I could ha;e ,don:eitcin half-atday; i- ht bless' you1! tic hid, no .more strength than a'cat: But hie got down with his I'addock, andl' I'iii' hanged: if hei did'nt :take. twenty-one pound weight orfgold off that buot toi.. Lawk, I thought that man wiould go mad, the. way h e hi ng round that boy' and kissed him anid cried, V- ' We'll go. hone 'to mother to-morrows;, won't we Willie? ' and the little fellow 'tied toi datince, andt couldn't-andi I carried home his gold in a bucket,: and washed it, for he didn't know how, and I took it to the escort for :him, and 'he only sold ten ounces, and took lis passage in the coach, and gave us the :hole, and two, bottles of brandy, and was, off' hole to his wife in a jiffey. Wasn't 'we'darned 'fools to let him go away so eisy ? bhut mind you, when: he was going he brought the boy round toiour tent, and said, ' Kiss these gentlementen,"Willie, for they saved your life andmyour fathers,' ant Blazes said he' would be cursed if he didn't, and he did too. lIe kissed the child, and so did I and the rest. Then he wanted to leave us some of the gold the half of it-and we told him it would do us no good, for we would only drink it, and'so he went away. Now, wasn't he a cute one, though lie was so spooney ? Darn it,'let's have a tot after that." The dawn :-began to show in the sky, with faint gray streaks gradually changing to blue then the -.slightest tinges of pink and yellow made their appearance, and the whole horizoni was lit up with magnificent glowing crimson, gold, and az.ure. Harry looked on enchanted with its beauity. Nothing broke the stillness, save the -murmurs of the patient, till a louder andI less musical sound broke in. ' Old Jake was fast asleep, : To l*e atentl ' 