CHAPTER XXVJI.-HER HUSBAND'S FRIEND. Bachelors' parties are notoriously charming and Edward Formby's were the most charming of their kind. It was always an eárnest of pleasant hours set in a golden circlet of generous hospi- tality, when those clumsily written, rudely folded notes were sent out, and a luncheon or a dinner at Hillside was offered to the neighbourhood. The men felt freer there than at places where there was a lady to keep the reins tight, sniffing disdainfully, at cigar ash, and measuring the after-dinner magnums as vices to be deprecated even when perforce allowed. And the women amused themselves by examining everything within their range, and noting the difference between their host's management and their own. And as, mixed with this curiosity was always, a dash of pity for the poor young man's loneliness and certain discomfort (his bad treatment by his servants, who of course got their will of him in all directions, and plucked him bare to feather their own nests well) they enjoyed themselves immensely ; personally profiting by his unwived condition, while saying how much better every- thing would be, were there but a lady like one of themselves at the head of affairs. Hence when, two days after the meeting of forces at the Dower House, notes of invitation to a luncheon party at Hillside fell on about 20 of what Mrs. Barrington called the nice people, those who accepted at all accepted with alacrity, feeling sure that the fates were preparing for them a day which, if it did not count as so much solid substance in their life's happiness, would at least take rank as a very well-flavoured social sweetmeat. Mrs. Barrington had invited the nice people to meet the St. Claires at afternoon tea ; Edward Formby threw beyond her cast into the enlarged domain of luncheon. lt was a repetition of the time when he had made the handsome young doctor, newly settled in the place, one with the male aristoi round about. But what he had done then with good-will, he did now with enthu- siasm of a rather more intense kind than he ac- knowledged to himself. Spurred on by this enthusiasm for the sacred rights of women, as represented by lone, and the holy cause of social equality as embodied in Ione's husband, he made the young bride the chief lady of the occasion, and took her in to luncheon before even the Dowager Lady Hinton, who was naturally the queen regnant of the district. It was a rash thing to do, but Edward was not one to measure the width of the leap when he had made up his mind to take it. And he had made up his mind to treat Mrs. St. Claire, the portionless bride of the local practitioner, as if she had been a direct descendant from the Plantagenets, and the owner of half the manors in the place. Ho did not re- flect that he might do her more harm than good by his chivalry. He only thought how best to emphasise his admiration for the pretty woman who had come among them like a being from another sphere, and how to hold her with most determination shoulder-high above every one else. The Honourable Mrs. Tanner and the Dowager Lady Hinton whispered together ; and they and all the other well-born matrons exchanged looks which were more eloquent than wards. They were deeply affronted; even though Edward Formby was such a dear boy, and Hillside would be such a charming home for Julia or Mabel, Maud, or Mary-Monica Barrington showing no hastè to make it her own. But Ione, the cause of their displeasure, was no whit moved. She took this attention, as she took all others paid her, as hers by right; just as Armine had done in his bachelor days, when he lived with the first set and was ranked with the second. It made the other ladies even more angry with her than with Edward, to see her walk in on his arm as proudly in one way, and as unconcernedly in another, as if she had been one of themselves. When great people patronise little ones, the least they expect is the gratitude of humility in return. And this new girl, this country doctor's wife was evidently neither grateful nor humble. In pairing off his guests, Edward, without thought or knowledge of any kind, gave Monica to Armine, as he would have given his sister to Ione's husband, for better emphasis and declar- ation. What need have we of ghosts to glide about the battlements and haunt the dim chambers of the castle ? We carry our own with us, and have no room for others. The ghosts of murdered love, of withered joys, of strangled hopes, of dead beliefs—we have them incorporate with the very substance of our life. They lie in our bosom and pulsate in our heart ; their sighs are in our breath, their tears are in our blood; and when we smile, they whisper to us softly, like the ca- dence of a funeral hymn beating up the valley against the joy-bells. No day dawns without their pale faces meeting ours as we look towards the sun, and the night never comes when wa can lay them down to rest before us. The shadows of the past lie over the present, and its ghosts live with us, so that we sometimes do not know which is true and which is fancy-that burning life of the long ago, or this pallid death of to-day. Those two young people sitting there, appa- rently living and solid as the rest, were in reality as shadowy one to the other, as the souls of the dead meeting mournfully in Hades. Between them lay that terrible gulf which nothing now could bridge,, over. , They must not even -look afc each other across it. They must not consciously remember that it existed at all. It were a sin even to recognise it. Does a woman eyer con- sciously remember that such a gulf exists be- tween herself and a beloved brother? As little then must they (these two who had loved) and who now must ignore and forget. Strong in her purity and patience, Monica could bear with a sad kind of equanimity this ordeal born of the new order of things. She looked at Ione, measured her beauty and that strange charm which stung while it attracted, and felt herself distanced beyond the reach of jealousy. It was to have been expected. She was too beautiful to resist. On his side, Armine looked from Ione to Mo- nica, thinking how far superior the pearly purity of this latter was to his young wife's golden glory. For a painter's model, Ione; for the charm of life, and the holiness of thought, then Moaic ! Opposite to them sat Theodosis, her herd of invisible thoughts always trotting restlessly through her small head. But, save the excessive pallor of Armine, and the rather more than na- tural quietness of Monica, she saw nothing that could enlighten her ; and the luncheon passed decorously as luncheons generally do. Only once, when Monica said : "How very lovely Mrs. St. Claire looks to-day !" Armine's pale face changed colour, and something, which the little woman watching so sharply could not read, came into his eyes. He was too loyal to disclaim the praise which was Ione's duo. But he longed to be able to say : " Her beauty is my bane-her love is my torture!" As he could not say this, he merely answered as any other husband would : "You are very kind to say so. I think she is looking well to-day." And this trivial reply was the most painful thing of the whole of this bitter- sweet time, so full of pain and pleasure as it was. Conversation between these two, so closely united and so widely separated, was difficult, and hedged round with thorns and briars. When Mo- nica asked about Italy, each remembered the reason for Armine's going, which made the past a kind of challenge flung in the face of the pre- sent. When she spoke of Ione, she saw what it cost him to reply. She could not talk of herself, for she had no facts to tell him, and her feelings she must conceal ; nor could she question him of himself for the same reason. Hence their talk was spasmodic and unsatisfactory, and as sub- dued as the whispers of those who walk among graves, fearful lest too loud a voice should waken the dead. They were like two thirsty deer, lap- ping at the stones of a dried watercourse where the living fount was guarded by lions. Yet Mo- nica believed that of course Armine no longer loved her, having married Ione ; and Armine be- lieved that, of course. Monica no longer respected him, seeing how false he had been both to himself and to her. And yet, each felt that it would not be well to go too deep into analysis. At the head of the broad table, where lone sat by Edward Formby, conversation was far brisker than it was here between these two, who had so much to tell and so little to say. He asked her all sorts of questions about herself, and was as much interested in her habits as if he had it at heart to harmonise them with his own, He was really quite pained when she told him that she had never been on horseback ia her life, at least, not as English people count being on horseback, that she could not play lawn-tennis ; knew no- thing of the laws of cricket; could not tell a fox- hound from a harrier, though she did not understand a Maltese from a pug ; but he brightened up con- siderably when she said that she could swim, and that she regretted her ignorance of those other accomplishments, and wished she could redeem the lost time. " I will lend you a horse," he then said, with a joyous look and blithe intonation. " I have the jolliest little mare that will carry you like a bird. Every Englishwoman ought to know how to ride, and you will soon have a perfect seat. You are just the kind for it." "Thank you," said Ione, with a rapid glance at Theodosia. Edward followed her, eyes. He laughed aloud. " You are not to be frightened by a little gossip ?" he said, in an under voice. " If you are, you may live all your life in fear of Oak- hurst." " I am afraid of nothing," said Ione, throwing up her head, and making the Italian sound of disdain. " So I should have thought," he said, with ad- miration. She looked at him with a slight smile. "Except of brigands, in a lonely wood," she said, prettily. "By George, yes; that is quite allowable !" he cried laughing. " Then, when will you come for your first ride ?" he asked. "No time like the present for fixing things." TO BE CONTINUED. Chimborazo, steamer, took 4000 carcases of mutton in her refrigerating chambers. 