The election for West Buurke has taken place ; the ex- Premier, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, has been -shamefully de feated, as the Minister of 'Public Works, the Hon. A. Deakin, was returned with a majority of 702 votes. Consider- ing- the many charges that had been made against the late Government, of which Mr. Deakin's opponent was head, we are inclined to believe that Sir Bryan displayed much want of foresight in going to the poll. When' he saw that the wire-pullers for the new Minister were too strong for him, wh\r did-. he not yield up the ghost, and rest upon the laurels which ho earned whilst leader of a Ministry, aud, moreover, when de feated in February last, ii was only oy a lew votes ? He should have waited his opportunity, and he ought to. have remained long enough in private life for the results of the damaging state ments which were made about him to ' have lost their deadly effect. Of course we ourselves know that it is not the most desirable, thing on earth to be . spoken of disparagingly, aud, more so, when we are deprived of replying to the unwarranted attack of any-party or body. But; as we have said, Sir Bryan would have shown more discretion and kindly feeling if he. had allowed his late colleague' a ' walk-over for Minis terial honours. Not so, however. - The ex- Premier being- noted .for ob'stinady, and evidently believing that there were two sides to a question, he takes -the field as leader of the Opposition to the coalition Ministry in order that he may endeavour -to put himself straight in the eyes, of his constituents. Aud taking- this view of the circumstance he may have been justified in -so doing. As in every other/'busiuess," so in politics iu the Australian colonies, rival politicians will denounce each other in unmistak able terms, and an experienced Parlia mentarian, similar to the greatly res pected ex- Premier, should have remem bered this/and merely '.contented him self by forwarding a long letter to the editors of the morning papers, which would have met the - exigencies of the affair. As he went to - the electors of West Bourke, he courted defeat, which gives plenty of room for far more serious accusations being sheeted home to him by that part of the press which , opposed liiin tb the last, and which-.- favoured the "sweet" aud "charming", con glomeration Ministry that now holds the reins of power. And, hot 'only this, but we are afraid that he has irrepar ably injured his reptt'tatioii as a- politi cian, for it- will be a long period before the country will overlook the severe blow which has, iu one way, just been tendered him and his followers. We state that the defeat of Sir Bryan O'Loghleu was inevitable, despite the sanguineness of his supporters. No sooner was -an allegation dealt with, than numerous others were brought for ward which demanded a lucid explana tion. First, the. strong" Ministry exerted its influence in favour of its suckling ; it pursued the same old : course of its many predecessors, that of | stumping various portions of the coun- ; try, and promising measures aud bills i which would meet all local require ments. They left no stone unturned to secure the. re-election, of their nominee. Such conduct, was, to say the least, mean and despicable. We can forbear a puny Ministry doing all'in its power to occupy the Treasury Benches just as it was first formed, but for a Ministry, which is supposed to be composed of the cream of the Lower and the Upper Houses, to .resurt to those tactics is truly amazing. If the coalition was the great success which the groat once rival leaders who have wholly sunk their differences would have us believe aud a work which the electors was said to have thoroughly endorsed at the last general election, why did not the Service-- cunt-Berry Ministry allow tho election to be between man and man ? Instead of this, Mr Gillies, successor to Mr Bent, reveals t-liat his predecessor bad spent uearly all the money of the loan which was recently floated, and in lieu of having sufficient capital to construct 800 miles of railway; there was no.fc enough money to make 100 miles of lines.' But when the other side was made puhlio the whole coucern wore a different complexion. Then, Mr. Service in his speech at Oastlemaine divulged the fact that hap-hazuvd- financing had been the style adopted by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, and that wherever a- man was found with a shilling to lend, that person would be asked for it. , Sir. Bryan, on the other hand, asserts that lie left an overflowing '- Treasury, so when Treasurers differ who shall decide? We must wait patiently until the House meets, when everything will - be made public. - Mr. Deakin tells his constitu ents that he will, ere long, disclose aw ful decrepancies in the - Works Depart ment, and that he will astonish them by the action talceu by < Mr. Young, the ex-Minister, i Then Sir Bryan's name was heard as a sympathiser with the Redmond Brothers mission, which was sufficient to- cause- his late constituents to; throv . him aside; So, considering all things, we- may ask, is. it any won der that Sir-Bryan was defeated ? W© mingle our regret, in common .with a large number of newspapers,' at the ex pulsion from- the House of the ex-Bre- mier, but hope that before any great length of lime has- elapsed we shall see him again a member of Parliament representing an important constitu ency.-- ... . The . ordinary monthly meeting of the Shire Council will be held at Moonambel on. Wednesday next. , - On Good '-Friday, a very pleasing cere mony took place at the residence of Mr Lamont, where. a few friends had. assembled with the object of making Miss Parker, lale assistant teacher at Avoca, but now of Drysdale, the recipient of a handsome writing desk and work-box combined. The members'ol: the Presbyterian Church, feel ing indebted lo Miss Parker for services rendered, resolved to give her something in recognition of- those services, hence the pre sent. Mr- S. M. Davies, on behalf of the church committee, made the presentation. He-spoke of the loss ' the church sustained by the removal of. Miss Parker, and he wished 'her- every success. Mr J. B. Keenan, in a beat speech, returned thanks on behalf of the recipient. The final meeting of the General Com mittee of the Avoca Easier Sports was held at Reeves' Union Hotel on Wednesday evening last. There was a large number of members present, and Mr J. F. Paten occupied the chair.'; The balance-sheet, which will be found in another . coluniu, showed that after paying all expenses in connection with the affair, a balance of £110 15s 6d remained to the credit of the fund. This outcome was considered ex tremely satisfactory, and- was received with loud cheers. Several members spoke of the unanimity that had. been displayed, which tiiey thought had much to do with the very successful issue. .'A donation of £10 was voted the secretary, Mr W. R. Smith, for the able manner in which he had discharged the duties appertaining to the office. V otes of thauks were accorded the ladies for their assistance, and to all who had worked in any way to make the sports a triumphant success. Air Langdon, M.L.A., was present at the meeting, a full report of which is given elsewhere. Our Elmhurst correspondent sends us the following paragraph : — A most disast rous fire occurred here on Monday evening last, and which totally destroyed the contents and dwelling-house of Mr Pressley. Unfortunately, Mr. and Mrs Pressley were, aivay from home, but- three of the sons were at home and in bed asleep at the -time the liro broke out. They just awoke in time to save their lives, for the fire had made such headway that they had to. beat a hasty retreat iu their night-shirts. The boys are unable to account' for the origin of the fire, and they state that they retired lo rest at about 10 o'clock that night, leaving everything 'safe. It was about one o'clock in the morning when they were aroused by the smell of fire. It was fortunately a wet night, which' prevented the fire spread- to the out-buildings and stacks. ; The annual distribution of prizes in con nection with the Wesleyan Sunday School, Moonambel,. took place on Good Friday ;. tl>£re was a largo attendance of parents and children. The church was beantifullv de- corated with all the fruits and' flowers of the season. Miss Ada Stockman ably pre sided at tho piano, and the' thanks of the committee were accorded' the ladies who colleclecj -the money -for the purpose of purchasing the prizes. After a . vote of thauks.was passed vto Mr Beaumont, the librarian of the school," tb.e meeting ter minated.. ; ' .. , On Wednesday last Mr Thos. Langdon, M.L.A.,-one:of the members for the Avoca electoral e, paid .Avoca, Hotnebush, and Natte Yallock a visit., At each place he\ was interviewed by several electors. He left Avoca yesterday morniug by coach on his-homeward journey.. . Al The North Fitzroy Cricket Club which has been playing -. a series of country matches defeated the Hotnebush. Club ou Wednesday last by nine- runs. - \ On Monday next Mr, "J- F. Paten will hold his monthly sale at liis rooms, Avoca; Upon the same day -he will'submit to public auction the black gelding,: Canary, the winner of the Hack Race at Avoca on New Year's Day. ; V ' / '..Parliament will meet, for the transaction of business on Tuesday next. .' -\ . .The South. Australian cricketers suffered a decided defeat in the Intercolonial, match; which, was concluded on the .East Mel bourne ground on Tuesday. V The - South \- Australian representatives were"' all . - dis posed of for 23 runs 'in their first innings, - whilst the Victorians Had seven wickets down for 1S9 runs at the close of the .first, "day's play. ;0.n Tuesday they closed . the , innings for a total of 200, thus leaving the South- Australian representatives 177 runs- to obtain to save a one iunings defeat.. They were, however, unable to accomplish, (his, .their second innings closing for a total of 79, thus leaving the Victoriaus the- victors by an intiings and 9S runs. A terrible tragedy recently. occurred at a farmhouse near little Rideau, Ontario, iir Oanada. Frederick Mann, who had arrived from England, and was employed there, showed himself to . be insane. Early one morning ho attacked Emma Cook, the eldest daughter of the farmer, and strangled her with a "rope."- Then he seized the mother, who came lo hor daughter's assis tance, aud strangled her. He next wont into the barnyard, and attacked the father with an axo, chopping his head all to pieces. Going up stairs lie attacked the farmer's son George, who was in bed, and killed "him with the axe. Ho then fell upon the son Willie, iuflicting a dangerous wound. Willie grappled with the maniac, and the noise alarmed two other sisters, who came to their brother's assistance. One captured the axe, but the man struck tho other with a lamp. Maun rushed down stairs, got the poker, and attacked them again. -They, . succeeded, -However, in shutting the door upon him;- and than ran shrieking, outside, -calling for . assistance. Mann upon this fled, having \ killed four ; persons, , and wounded two. , . I _ v » 1 7\. -V S U Mr C. E. -Jones is (says the Independent) apparently in dread of the great necessity to pursue his petition against Mr Fincham before the Elections and Qualifications Committee, and has publicly offered a sug gestion to Mr Fincham to the effect that they should on the grounds of economy both dispense with counsel, and conduct their own cases. > Mr Fincham, however, does not see the matter in the same light as Mr Jones, but offered another -suggestion to Mr Jones on Thursday to the effect that the latter should withdraw his petition that he (Mr Fincham) would resign ; that: the two should.go before-, the constituency on equal terms, provided that .the contest should: be duel between them, land- that all parties should keep the field clear for die two. Mr Jones, in reply; stated that he would bring the: suggestion before his committed for -their decision.!'; -, - .s f 1 Mr Longmore . (observes a correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser) tells a good slory of his candidature; . In - one portion of his old electorate, virulently opposed to him,'- a miner, who volunteered his services' as a canvasser, had 'an interview with a brother miner-. After exhausting his Eloquence to advance his client's claims, and to deprecate the howl raised against him, he was met, by the retort, " who.is this — Gratlan ? Is lie one of the assassins of Lord Caven dish P" . ; Mrs Culbush, wife of a stationmaster on the- Victorian railways ' (the - Advertiser states) had a most formidable operation performed on- Saturday at Creswick. The patient was suffering from an 'enormous hard tumour of a! cancerous nature, which involved the left - breast and upper porlion of the .-chest.. On account of the peculiar shape of the deceased growth, it had £o?-.be taken out iu two parts'; ..The larger portion, oh being afterwards weighed turned the scale at 7|lb., the whole' of the tumour be- fore.its" removal being calculated to weigh nearly 21b. The lady is now considered convalescent. \ ' ' i " 'The Medical Press relates that at Chester, England, an inquest was- held over the body of a man who had been more or less drunk for forty consecutive years. ' He, liis' 'wife, and bis son had been in the habit of drink ing the droppings of various tap-houses in the town — a beverage which they purchased for about a shilling a gallon. It is a curious 'faot that the only night he had been sober for many years wa3- that upon which he died. - A practical step towards the abolition of political patronage in the various depart ments of the state has been taken by the Government. The Argus states that Mr Gillies has decided that all appointments in the Railway department shall be made by the responsible heads uuder him whom he considers to be the proper parties to judge the merits of applicants for positions. It has recently been the' practice for the Minister to allocate the vacant situations, but this was complained of as leaving him open to political influence, members of Legislature being frequently commissioned to intercede with him on behalf of certain candidates whose claims were possibly not superior to those who are unable to secure such influence. Tho practice which the Minister is adopting is not new, but a re turn to that followed by himself aud Mr. Patterson when they respectively were at the head of the department. In the Sjulney Assembly on "Wednesday, the Premier announced Air. Oopeland's re- eignai-ion as Alinister of Works, but said nothing about his successor. Mr. Copelami then at a considerable length explained the circumsianci 3 whichoccur edr Si. ia rick's i banquet, complaining of reports in the daily j journals, no saia ue was opposed io me Irish party. He acknowledged he was under the influence of drink at the banquet-, but not to the extent that the report stuted. He had been suffering -from dyspepsia, brought on by over - anxiousness to get through some official Ministerial work. Ou the morning of the banquet he was too un well to eat, and took three glasses of brandy during- the day on an empty stomach, which had an unusual effect on him. — World tele gram." " The theatrical dispute, Derby v. Wil liamson and others, came' under the notice of- the Supreme Court again yesterday morning. It will be remembered that the popular actress, v Miss Emilie -Melville, recently sued the managerial triumvirate, Alessrs. "Williamson, Musgrove and Garner for breach of' contract, when she was awarded £900 damages. Air. Hood now- moved on behalf of the defendats for a rule nisi for a- non-suit on the points reserved at-the trial, or for a new trial on.the grounds of an improper reception of evidence, and that the verdict was against evidence. The plaintiff alleged that she entered into an agreement' with the defendants to sing for them in certain operas- for 24 weeks; and at the end of the first six weeks she' was dis charged. The defendants denied the agree ment. TheVCourt- granted the rule. Flying foxes are abundant around Hep burn. On several mornings -Mr.- Rolleti noticed that some marauder bad during the night been eating and destroying- the pears in his garden, v -Last Friday night be decided to watch, and being armed with a gun, brought down some animal- out- of a, tree, which, ratlier vastonished him by its singular appearance.- It proved to be a large' flying - fox. When spread out its wings measured uearly. four feet "from tipi to tip.- Next night Mr Itolleti shot another and a third on Sunday evening. . - ' - t'v Tlinfc rrmnli nlinipft nnimnl' f.lvri -nnfixro nat has (says - the '.Ararat. Advertiser) at last been discovered to be-' of -'some advantage. Hitherto generally been classed a3 the worst of vermin', and any damage or loss at their homesteads was attributed by farmers to the cat.- One gentleman who had spent - much time and ingenuity iu manufacturing traps for the' destruction of the native cats found that all " his endeavours resulted- in- bufc little ' diminution in- their ranks, and at last he abandoned his efforts. It was soon found that the mice which bad been a great source of trouble to him both in bis fields and barn were becoming less numer-- ous, and this season lie has kepi bis grain \- stored- in bags, and on removing it during the past week he discovered that not a single bag had been knawed by the destruc tive little animals. ' The uatiro cats had completely exterminated the lesser vermin, and the gentleman now referred to believes that nothing but gain can result io the farmer from the presence of the wild cat. Some astonishment has been created in Eugland by the discovery that a beverage extensively sold as " Good Templar " cham pagne, and consumed as a temperance drink contains alcohol equivalent to 25 percent, of proof spirit, which is considerably in ox- cess of the intoxicating qualities' of real champagne. A chemical analysis revealed the secret. 