OONAL CRAHT." 3FJ3BDIU3E MAC DONALD. .-Awnon ox Awe, Fionas?, iliigoLM, -&o.;, Ac. Chaitrr XLVIII. .That same'af ternoon, to the great delight of hothj'Mrs.iBrookcsTetnrnc'dhalf wild. From the momeiit wh en-she discovered herself fooled 4he had been dreading all' manner of terrible things, yetnonc so teriiblo ns her mistress had to'tell'her. There seemcil likolyto be no end to' her Objurgations, exclamations, anathemas, and explanations,- rrircn-ntlcngth oho hdldXady Arctura snfc'in 'her arm9. "'Now 1 can ieare you in peace, my lady," said Donal. "Noo, yc can Lido -whanr ye are an' he thankfu' !" said Mrs. Brookes. " Wha danr nreflHlo-wi' me' I But wha kens what themad yeri, for mod I's-uphtrad'hlm to be — wha kens what be may soe fit to do neist ! Deed, maistcr Grant, 'I cannot let ye oot o' the hoosc." " I was ony 'thinking of going down to Mis tress Oomin's;" said Donah '"Wecl, ye can gang j but min' ye're hame i' glide time. " I will do exactty asmy ladv pleases." " Then como," said Arctura. Donal went, and the first person he saw when lie entered the honso was Eppie. She tumell instantly away, and loft the room ; he corihlnot help seeing why. Presently "the old woman came, and wel- corned him with her usual cordiality,' but not her usual cheerfulness : since .her husband's death, ho he'd scarcely noted any change in her manner till now.: Bhe looked weary of tho World. She sat down, smoothed her apron on her hue as, gave him one glanco in the faco, then looked down at her hands, and had nothine to Say. " I doobt cair I ken what ails ye, Doory," laid Donal ; bnt in the name o' him that's hwa\ hearken til me.— The lass is no' lost, hsither is the Lord asleep. Yor lamb is sair fnisguldit, an' she's sair plucliit o' hor bonny woo , 'but gien she hand tho closer by ' tho tare o' the Lord's flock, she'll ken it Wasna -for wutt'o' Iris care or mercy that this hqppeot till her. It's a terrible pity for the bonny cratnr, disgracin'-.thcm 'at audit bar. They winna believo- them 'at speyks true ; an' they wall believe them that lees til them. Still, IFb no as gien she hod beon.stealip'. 'She's Wrangt iiorpiilr sol',-mi'«nc mair,.btft it canna Bar -me lnik Soon upon her as I canna help pnin' at the man that's grown rich at the cost O his ncc-bonrs. There's mony a gran' prood iass'that'll hao tostan' ahint Eppie yet whan We're a' 'fore 'the ricliteons judge." " Eh, but ye speyk liko my Anerow," cried the poor woman, wiping her. old eyes with .her apron. " I's do what I can 'for 'her, 'but thar's po hidin' o' It." "Hidin' o' 't," cried Donal. "The Lord forbid ; sic tilings arc no to bo hidden. Sae fang's aha gangs aboot in tho faco.o' the worl', fho thing oucht to'be "kenned -d' a' that come near her. She maun heir her harden, pnir fsas. Tho Lord'll -do -as ho likes aboot it — only he'll lmo naething hidden an' smugglot ' tip. That's nothew'y 6 hi9 kingdom. Isup- jKwe there's -nae doobt wha's the father V " None. The Lord .fofbid' that should be possible. It'c jist-thc young'lord !" 'Twodayc after, Mr. Graeme, tho factor, and Sis abler returned, and, at Lady Arctura's rc- Soest/took for-n thno their abode at tiio caatlo. Then came 'a solemn conference, in which, however anxious alio was to say nothing against Sicr.unclo, Lady Arctnra told'both that of late he'hod bccome'conrinced that her.nncle was ho 'longer capable of attending to her affairs ; that they had had a difference, and he Was gone for the present, fSho desired of them as a pcr- konah favor that th'?y woiiid not.allulle to her being at the castle, ; sho had gone away with tor uncle and was supposed ' to "be wikh him, bdt'had returned, and'her. uncle did not know thatsbe- was at hamo ; sho.did not wbli him to -know. She desired for -the "present to re- Basin hidden. llr.Grocmewodldin 'tho mean time, prepare for a thorough understanding of blatters as bdtween her and her uncle, Tn tho course of the investigations that thereupon followed, it'becaino clear that a good deilof tho moneys of tho estate Teeeive'd by hirilordshipwero in no wny by them. to be ao- ponnted for ;.and then Lady Arctura directed that fnrther procedings should .be stayoli until the earl ahoulcl'be present to explain, but that bo moro-monoy was to be handed over .to' him; her -name, 'however,' mustnot be mentioned, For some time Mr.Gmeme heard nothing of him ; but by and by camo directions tie to where and how monoy was "to be 'forwarded. Forgue wrote, -but lib father jsigne'd. Mr. Graeme replied, oxcusing.him.solf as he could, bnt Bent-nothing. They wrote again. Again he excused 'hnnsilf. "The earl threatened. Sir. Graeme -took no heed. 'Months passed thus, bnt neither. of the .two appeared to en force their demands. Forgue could not with out' Ills-father, arid 'his father 'had reasons . for Staying away. At length the factor wroto 'that he .would pay Ho monoy but to Bady . lArotura herself. Tho earl wroto himself in : ireply, asking if he lrad been asleep rill thifc' :timo that 'he did not Itnow slic hail died in' London and been -six weeks in 'her grave.: : Again the'factor did not reply. All this time life was going on very quietly' in tho castlo. Davio had long been homo, .lessons wcro to the 'hour as before, nud Lady .Arctura took a full share. in them, only Donal' was a.llttlo anxions at soma signs in her which lie could not help taking for thoso df failing. : health. All. about the oaetlo was bustling uthor — masons and carpenters busy from morning to night. For tho very next day after Mr. : Graeme's return, Lady Arctura began at onco to admit tbo light of day upon the secrdt of contnric9. Tho wall that maiked tho chapel windows was pulled down-; tho windows, which had in them hardly a crack, were thoroughly cleaned; the passage under them, : which had once been a sort of arcade, was opened to the great stair, where , Donal had seen tho end of 'the steps coming through. The . way was .cleared to tho oak door by taking away the masking press ; and after Lady Arctura had had. a Bmall sweet toned organ bnilt in .the little gallery, she had the stair from her own room opened again, and fitted 'with a door, that she might go down when slic pleased, as she did often, to play on the organ — above -which Still, at times, in winds from tho south-east, the icolian harp dreamed out the mnsic.of .the spheres. The .terrible bed had been of course re moved. In taking it'to pieces for tho purpose file joints crumbled to dust, and it could not be put together again. 80 the carved 'tester and posts wore put np ovor the great .chimney piece in tbo hall and the .rest of it was burned; bnt 'the story of its finding was written by Donal. and placed among tho re cords of tlio family. 'The alterations that naturally took place in restoring tho chapel to -tho castlo admiUod much . more light and air into the pile,- adding beauty anil healtlifulness, and Without de stroying anything vnhiahloin.'the antiquity of the bnUding, tendered it a much Letter place to live. in. 'Davio. said it. was like tho conver sion of St. Baul l Ho .was an odd boy, but odd in a very right way : things took such de cided .shapes in his mind, almost ororytliing seen 'looking to him directly like something unseen, that Donal felt there was that in the boy that called for all the help he could give to devclope it. Please God ho should not leave him till he had to go. But it soon became evident to others as well as Donal that tho things Lady Arctura had had to pass through' had exercised b very hurtful influence on her health. For Bome time sho seemed to be pining, hut nothing wa3 .plainly amiss with her. Sho scemod always. happy, but her strength at timoa would suddenly de sert her, and bIio would sink with a little laugh on the nearest support. No ono how ever feared anything very nigh or very defi nite. Her organ, to which sho had given more labor than she was quite fit for, was now, next to the society of Donal, and the slow reading of her Greek Testament, her .greatest delight. Often were its chords to bo .heard creeping through tho long ducts and passages of the castle ; either for a small instrument its tone was peculiarly penetrating, or tho lost room was indeed as it ought to be, the very centre of tbo system of tbo old house, and the sound of prayer and praise permeated thenco in a measure to its most distant parts. On tbo roof, by the chimney stock, .Donal would often sit listening to the sounds that rose through tho shaft, sot free by her worshipping Angora ; and the tears would rise as he thought -.how her spirit was following her own .sweet sounds, in yot sweeter search. after her native country. One day as sho sat at her organ, , sho want on playing and playing till She forgot every thing but her music, and all bnt .unconsciously began to sing "The Lard is 'Mindful <of His Own." She did not. know that she had two listeners — one on the roof above, and iono;in the chapel below. Vhon twelve months had come and gone, the earl one day stood before the castle, half and half doubting whether it was his own ; be wanted to come to a propor understanding with his factor, and to see Davie, whom, -hear ing Donal had resumed his relation with liim, ho bad willingly Left in 'his .care. .lie had driven up to the point wliercitlie road turned off to the . stables, and thence walked. Tho great door wan standing open ; he walked .in, and walked np. What odd ohenge was this on tho stair a door that had not'been there before ; at least ho had never soen it ! Who could havo dared make.auch a change in his house ? .The , thing wasLcwiidoring, but he was accustomed to be bewildored 1 He qpenod.the door — a .new .handsome one df oak, anil entered an.arcade with .arches to the open air ; he might have seen -it as. he approached tho house, but he had nut looked pp. At the end of it was tbo door of tho obapql ! He Btartcd Lack .in dismay— tho lost chapel, with 'all it3 .horrible . secrets, Wide open to the eye of day ! He went in. It was clear and clean! — no hideous bod 1. no darkness ! no dust 1 and the air "trembling withthoidelight-of the organ breath .which went rushing and rippling through.it .In all directions, setting it in the sweetest turmoil. Ho said to himself ho Jiail.naver Lad-justmsch a peculiar experience. HoLad often doubted whether tilings wore or were not thc:projco-. tions. of Lis own brain ; knew .that sometimes ho could not .tell; '.hut nesor before hud he had'tlie real of appearance and tho unreal 61 fact brought so immediately and face. to faco with each other. Everythiagiwas just as clear to his eyes as if ho were in -tho .prime of youth and health, and yet ho was .positively, abso lutely certain there could be no reality, in what he so indubitably saw. At the same time be- was.by.no .means certain that the things .which- seemed last in' his experience - to hare taken ploco thuro bad. realty taken place .at alb He had managed, togo tin doubt -about this the moment he failed to find .the key. Wlicc ho would ask himself what had kbcome of Lis niece, dioiwould to liimselt reply tbat doubtless sho wn3 all. right ; she did not want to marry Forgue, the rascal — and quite right too If she bad -known him as he did !— and so had slipped out .ofitho way .somewhere ; >sfie had never cared about the property, If only she Lad her own way 1 Tliat was all women did euro about so far as he knew ! That .was why his .factor had .taken, suchiliborties with him 1 Ho. had st claim on tho proporty so long as ho was the csuardisn of the lady, and tho next heir to it. , She bad come of ago, it was true, but ltd had not yet rendered his accounts -er-yibldcd "Ills stewardship. If sho hod died anywhere, the property-was his ! She never could have had 1 dho-hoartto leave "it. iway "from him I -She hod always been very friendly with him, and he-had loved her like' his "own ftcah'and -blood, i "But at other times lie did not -doribt that lie . had starved her -to death in- the chapel, and j was tormented as with -all "the furies <of'hell. | In Ids night visions I10 would see her lie | wasting,' hcarLefmoanrag, and crying in "vitin for 'help; 'lira hardest Ticaft is yet -at the , mercy Of a roused "imagination. Ho- would soo j her body in tho various stages 'of'deeoy bb "the ; weeks 'passed ; wlien -would tho process bo over, that he might go back -to' tho 'plnco, and, pretondhig. tO'lrave just found (lie lost room, carry 'away tho -hollies together, nnfl have them honorably burled 1 Shonlu lie protend that -it -lmd lain there for ecntnrle3 liko . tho othors, or insist-that it must be sho who had so- unaccountably disappeared ;-Ehe;had got shnt up'thero, like 'the bride "in -the chest, and hod not been able to get -out again ? If he could but 'find an old spring lock to put an tho door ? -But -pcoplo wero so plaguy irtiarp nowadays ! 'Tliey found out ovory tiling I — and ire politivdly could not afford 'to 'have erery- j thinj found out'! 'No'; God himself, If 'there wnro-snch-an indefinite entity ' anywhere, mutt not he allowed to know everything 1 He Stood staring. And ns 'ho stood "nnd Stared, n-changc began to grow "in 'liim ; per haps, after all, what 'ho saw, might- tc .' Then the whole thing it had displayed- must have boen-a fancy— a something ho had soen-.ohly in his dreams and visions I God in-'heavan I if it conld but be proven that ho had never dune anything -such as- he had -thought be longed to this place —then all the other wicked thing she was guilty -of — or of which ho. had at least always supposed himseiT guilty, nnd which bpd beeu'so heavy upon' him ali bis life" that it never.-seemed df'tho smallest usoto'tryto re- psiit -of them, ntigbt'bo -forgiven him"! But then -awdlto tho old- wicked Saltan 'in 'him; and Said: — What difference -would that raakoto the fact'that'bo 'had done thorn.? Mo could never takellils glace- a3. a gnntlsman'in 'hcavcii after what hnd-passed ! Why did 'God maks such- a fuss 'about a sin or two-'that a man felt it was of no use to be sorry 'for tliem, and went onddid worecout -of puro despair | But then, if he had never murdered any body'-! After nil there might he a God then, and he might if 'he tried bo ablo' to .thank ; him! — 'But 'for what? 'That ho was not ; going to ho damned for the thing lie had never j done? A thing ho Lad -.only had the un- | spoakable misfortune -tn dream ho had -done? j and God never to have Interfered to prevent I him from having the 'horrible fancy that ho had done it ! Whot was -the good .of .having a God that would not do that moch foryon, bnt left his creatures to nrako the "malt liorri- blo fools of themselves, and only 'laugh nt 1 them? Bah'! There was life in tho old. dog j yet ! If only lie could know that he had i funded the whole thing' I Tho music ceasofi, nnd the silence was a sho6k to him, nnd again he began to stare about him. He looked up, and there in the gallery, but seeming to his misty Sight In tho ' dim-chapel to come out of the - wall, tho pale faco oftHe-girl ho did -not know whether he 1 had or had not murdered. He took her for j one of his visions. For, whilo in confcronco ! with any ono lie showed himself -perfectly 1 capable .ho was now constantly subject ; not only 'to illusions, btit to bowilder- ing complications; of 'tho real With the ! things it suggested, which, if -thoy did not appear quite actual in themselves, brought abouvat least a common tone by reducing lira forco of the real .; so that the man moved and acted fOrthe-time in a world of silbduod fact j anll cnlmncod fiction. Bnt while sho appoarod asa vision, 'there was not Cherdforc any more nu- roality'to 1dm in the appearance than in any other oppeatftieo. 'Sim canreHt'tho'loast from the world of Lis- hnaginatlon, to Him, alas'l 1 now tho rosiest 'of all— to tho degree thoA sometimes, -in his moods'df believing 'in a world beyond this, it was tUat'irfto'vthienlho jvauld ' certainly step the moment 'he loft the body. She looked sweetly at'hlov! Sbeliad com? to forgrvo Sis sins ! For Arctnra, who'had nevor thonght With bitterness of her ancle's cruelty, had always thought of him pitifully, lia'd.ofteu longed for the opportunity of letting him know 'that sho Lad him in her heart Btill. ' Tlierefore, looking down, and seeing him there, 'she -regarded him with 'an expression which told on tho good Etill left in his nature, Was -it then true? Was there no sin of; murder on Lis sotil? Had 'he waked frem a horrid dream, and wns she thoroto assure him that he might yet look with hopo 'to the Wori'd to como? Ho-stretohed'ont'his ncms towards her. She' tnrned away, and ' he .thought slio had vanished. Bnt 'it was only to fly .down tho stair. The next moment she was in the chapel, and had. taken the old man in hcrauns. HoLod notLcard'her, and was still :gazlng at ! the spot she had left. The contact df the ma terial so Btarlled.bim, causing such a revhliion, that he uttered a loud cry, . shoved hor .'from him, and stood looking at Levin worse per. plexity tlran ever. KnoWIc'dgo arid fact seemed 'face 'to 'face opposed -tooach Other. The impoidble 'thing -was tbo . actual 1 Tho awfril thing Lb had done, yet had not dona it 1 , Not merely the impossible, the absolutely con- ' tradietory in -both 'its members was' before : bim ! Ho stood as one bound to know .tbo thing that coifiilnot he. ".DorftLe frighteucfl, uncle, "' said Ardtitra. < " I nm -not death "You left mo to -die; 'hut seo, "the place tff death' hasLocnme a.plabo of : praise,; the si-piiidhro -Was always Xho Only resurrection-house ! Here I am olive 1 'Oh, uncle'! thank God !" . ' Tlfo eat-1 stood motionless.. His oyes wero fixed upon hor. His lips-, moved .tremulously ; onco or'twioe, but no word camo. How ranoh he took in of what She was saying, who can tell ! 'At "last lie turned "from her, .glanced round tho placo, and said, " This is a great im provement I wonder'how'it would he With some sonis, if tliey were- to .wake qp and . find all the sins tbey had committed in this. lite were but more Or loss hideous dreams ! How many .of thorn would then loathe tho sin itself'! How many \- would remain oapablo of doing the same things . ovorqgain? .Arid'how many burdened .souls are there, who have 'not on idea oT.the power ; that lies In'GoiTs forgtvon«3s to cleanso llioir consciousness frdih the Uefitement df what tboy'have Borie, and- who will not. know it the least better for being told.it, bnt will continuo to sitjr Even God cannot 'destroy tbo foot that I 'have Bono so V' jSticli care more about their own cursed ahame'tban their Fathoris blessed' truth ! Such will rather ox- cuae than donfess, tYhen a man confesses freely, and leaves exonso to God, then the truth makosbim Jr?c, and ho knows tliat tbo evil bas gone from him, a3 a man knowstbathoiscured of his plague, "I did -the thing, hut I could not do it now ; I . am the same, yet not the tamo. I "confess, I would not hide it, lint I loatho it— and ten limes the more that tho evil thing was mine." Had the carl been able to say this, I10 would have found liis soul a cleansed chapel, now- opened to the light nnd . air — nay better, a frcsli- watered garden; in which tbo fruits of the spirit had begun -to grow! But not yet, alat, not yet ! is wiiat Las to bo .said, over so many souls ! If only. they woro.bnrdened to b<;gin with ! But wlion "tliey ,go quite satisfied to iubabit rottenness, .never peroeiving tliat. the thing nearest' them, except God, whom tliey .lioed as little, is corruption 1 God's forgivonoss is as tho burst of a spring morning into the heart of | winter ;-»ud ho will make us, pay tho uttermost 1 farthing: to.letusgo without that would ho the forgiveness .of a demon, not of tho 'eternally loving God. I Arctura could say nothing more. Sho turned j and walked out and up tho groat stair, her ,.! unalo following her. She. felt ns if lie might j he preparing to stab her in tho back ns tbey | wcnt.'but sho -would notevon look behind hor : . no such .thought was in 'the man, . for, at the j moment no demon ihqppenod to ho by his oar to suggest it to him, and even then there might have been a moroprudout douion at .the other .ear to .dissuade -him — on tho public stair! Tbo poor oarl bad almost coased to bo a man,; .but then who is a man that. nets from impulse and. not from, right ! The disappointment was to Arctura a great shock. .Not onoo looking behind her, slio-went to borroom.xaug'tho bell, sent for Donal, and told him- whathad passed. "I -wiU ,go to liim," said Donal ; and Arctura said inething more, leaving tho whole j raatterdnihisLonda. The earl wa3 in ' his -own -room, .which was juSt.as Uelwd.left it ; Donal : found Lim lying ontho'oouch. 'Mydord,".ho said, "yon must -bo aware that there ate reasons why you thould not pre sent yourself here — in your niece's house." ITo.stattod'fram tlpisofoiu anorof.his ready rages : whatever '.his visions might be, -ills j ragos 'Were .real onougli. The languagche used ; I -need not repent : I Lave given n 'slight flavor, and no.moro, of tho kind, of thing al ready. AVilhnll tlio names of .contempt nnd hntroii 'he oould -heap .upon .him, he ordered Donal out of tho room and ont of tho house, i Donal stood and answered natlilng till the rush of his wrath had somewhat ahatod, Then ho spoke. 1 " My lord," ho Baid, "there is notliing I would -not do to servo yonr lordship. I -would go on my kneo3 to you to make you sorry. But I have now toted yon, with ns little offenoo as may be, that if you do not walk qnietly oat of tho house, yon inirat he expelled dike any other , intrudor j " Intruder, ;you dog !" "Intruder, my loixl — the worst that .could show himself here 1 Tho man who would murder his hostess, his brother's child — I do not ininoamattcrspmy lord — is surely the worst of intruders." ".Good Leavens !" cried the carl, changing his tone with an attempted laugh, " has the poor, 'hysterical girl sucoedcd in tilling a man of common sense liko 'you with her oliildish, ridiculous fancies ? I novor moved a. finger to , injure her since the day I took her first in my nrms when she was two hours, old." " You must excuao mo -for preferring my | lady's testimony to yonrs, my lord," said I Donal. .The carl -caught np the poker -and 'made a . blow at his 'head. Darial avoided it The I blow fell on the marble chitnney-picco -and jbroko.it. Donal . wrenched- tho pokorfrom lfim, | vrlnlo liis arm was yet jarred by tho impact. j I " My lord," ho said, " if you do not know that what-you lrave'just said is not true, it is , bocauso you have-made yourself- unable to dis- j tinguisli between fact and Imagination. I J myao If unchained her from tho bed in the j -chapel — where you bad left 'hor to die. You 1 were yet in the boose when -I -did so. I looked ; tho Boor, that you could -not enter ngoio. I , have tho'key now." " You- damnod rascal ! If it bad not been fur | yon' then I shoalU havo gone again presently, ; and saved her -life, and made her come to j terms," " But as yon had lost the Ley, and 'feared to expose yourself, rather than that you went away'nnd left her'to .perish. And you wanted to compel 'her to marry your son, on tho gronndtbat tho title and the proporty ought to go ' togethor, when with 'my own ears 'I i heard your'lordship tell Lim that ho had no : right whatever to any title." j " What a-mnn may say in a rage goes 'for ' nothing, " said the carl, but rather sulkily than , fiercely. "Notso with -whit awifowritesin sorrow/' said Donnl. "I have heard the truth from . ynur.late wifo as well ns from your own mouth," Bald Donal, not carefully considering his j words. j " The testimony of the dead will hardly ho ! taken at second hand in any law court," rc- > joined the earl. " If -after your lordthlfl'a 'death the man : j Who is -now 'called Forgue shortld dare to | oasumo'the title of Morven, I will .publish 'tho | fact nnd-conrt inqiiiry. As to tho title 1 rare I nothing, but lie sbull succeed to no propcrty'if , I' can prevent it ; ;lie is too unworthy. Then lothirq, if he oan, produce the proofs -of 'your j marriage. And now, my lord, T must again j bog you to leave 'the house, else I must make you." I IHb lordship glapced round tho room as if . ' looking for another'weapon. Donnl took Lim by the arm, | " There is no room for more ceremony;" lie enifl. '"I shall be sorry to he rough withyour lordsliip, but you will compel me. .l'luaae. re member I am tlio youuger and tho stronger man'." As, he epoliohc lot tho earl feci tho plotigh- man'u, grasp ou his arm. He saw it was useless to strugglo. Ho throw hluisclf again on .the1 couch. "I will not leave tho bouse ; T am come1 home to die," bo cried, almost with a shriek, "lam dying, I tell you.; .1 cannot leave tho house. Besides, Xhavo no money. , Forgue has got lt all." "There 'is a largo bum due the .estate .unac counted tor," said Donal, It is lost — all .lost, I tod you. , I have no where to go to, anil I am dying !" Ho did look so -utterly vrretohed, and indeed ill, that Donal's heart smote bim. 'Ho otood back a little from Lim, and gave himsetl H lime. " SS " You would -wish then to -retire, my lord r P suppose ?" iio said, nftor his pause. ' |l "Tho sooner to'be rid of you !" wastha rl onrl's answer. ' fc " I fear, ray lord, -if yon -will -stay bero i you are not -so soon to -got rid df -mo 1 jfoJ |; you bronght Simmons- with you, may I ask?" P "No, dainu liim ! He is like the rest df f! yon ; ho has left me." | " I wlll'holp you to bed, -my lord." | 'jGo about your'biuiuoss. I will got myjolf " I will not leave you till I see .you in | bed," said Donal with decision, ,nud .rau-',tli» I boll. E When the setvant came lie doairod tliat'Sf I Brookes would come to him, She camo in- I stoutly. Before his lordahiphad timooven toloOk I at her from w'here lic'lay on the conch, Bona! - asked hor to be so .good as get .his lordship's f bed ready :— If -she would not mind doing, it | horsolf, he would help her ; he must seo his lordship .to bod himself. She looltod wholo 1 books at liim, but said nothing. Donal re- f tnrped hor gnse with one of quiet confidence, which she read, and correctly, ns meaning, " i know what I nm doiug, Mistress .Broekes, | My lady-mn9t- not turn liim out. I will take 1 caro ho-.does-no misClucf." j " What aro-you two ovhisporing at there ?" j cried the oqrl ; 'there liad.not -been the ghost I of a whisper! "Hero ;am J at tho point-of ! death, .and -you -will not lot mo go to bed ?' i " Your room will bo rontly in five minutes, i my lord," eaid Mrs. Brookes, and tho two sot j to work in earnost, j When it 'was ready. ! " Now, my lord," Baid Donal, .returning to ! tho sitting room, " will you come ?" ! " Wlien you are gone, I will have none of your cursed 'help." " My lord, I am not going to leave you." With much grumbling, and a very ill graco, his lordsliip submitted, and Donal got - liim to bed. " Now put that cabinet bysuaou-ihe'tablo," j he said, ' It was that in-whicli he kept hi3-drugs, and was just .asjlui Lad left it, Donal opened .the window, Jtook -upihc cabi. net, and thrcw.it out bodily. With a bellow liko thabof -a hull, -the carl sprang out of bed, juotastlio crash reached their cara'from bdlow. He ran at Donal-as if ho would hare sent liim -after the -cabinet, Donal caught him and held him fast, "My lord;" he .said, "Iwili -nurao you, serve ynu, do auyAhing for yuu,; .but .for the devil I'll be damned if I move hand or foot, Not one drop '.of .that hellish stuff -shall pass your lips while I cau help lit," "But I shall dio of the horrors !" shrieked tho carl, struggling to got to tho window, as if I10 could yet do somcthing'to savo his precious extracts, tinctures and compounds. "We will scud for tho doctor," said Donal. " A very clever young fellow -has come to tho town ainco you loft ; perhaps he will bo able to help yon. I .mean to do vrbat Loan to niuko yonr life of some vahio to yourself." " None of tliat damned ruhbisli 1 My lifo is of no end of value to me as it .is. -Besides, it's too iato. If I wero young now, .with a constitution like yours, and the world before mo, there might bo some good in a paring or two of self-denial; bilt what!ethe'UHe'Uf not stabbing your murderer 'for fear 'tile clasp knife closo on your hand, -or sibt firing j-out pistol nt him for fear of its bursting and blow ing -your brains out?" "I Lave no desire -to keqp you alive, my lord ; I only wish to dot -you-gct someof the good of this world before you :posa on to the next. Not to lengthen your life infinitely would I have a haul! in giving you one drop more of any ono of 'tboso cursod tirugst" Ho rang tho hell again. ! " You're a friendly follow," grunted his lord, ship, and went to his ibed -to meditate how to gain his dnsirea. Mrs. Brookes cams. " Will you Rent! down to -Mr. Avory;ihe new Burgeon," said Dana), "and »sk Into, in my namo, to be so goad as come up to tliucastlo." The earl was really 111, so ill Chat he was liimselt dodbtful, muoh as ',ho desired them, whether, whilo rendering him less sensible to them, anyof'bie drugs would do othor than iecreaso hie sufferings. -He lay -with closed oyes, a terrible- expression of 'pain nnd ofsiome- thiug like fear every-rrow -and then 'passing over his faco. I .doubt if his conscience. troubled liim much. It is in.generai those who through comparatively small sins have.como tocoo the true nature of them whose conicioucos, trouble them greatly. Thoso who havo been able to go on from bad to worse through many -yoars of moral deoay ore seldom .troubled -as other men, or havo anybnniiB'in thelr death, His lordship, it is true, suffered '-terrlbly-'Ot times because of tho things lie had done; but.it was through the medium of si .roused imagination and not through a roused cousoisnce— though doubtless the consoionco was at-the root of tha rousing of the imagination. : He declared ho would secmo doctor'but his 1 old attendant Dowstor; yftt all the time, ho was longing for 'tlio 'yemngmanto appear, and do what ho' coulll to nave 'bim 'from the dreaded jaws. of. death. , Ho came, and was .aliown into .the sitting room, where Donal wont to . hinii leaving the door ojion that the cxrl-mjght hear- wliat passed between them. He told him ho had sont for him without'ltis lordship'a-coniolit,hitt:that he believed he weuld net refuse to see him ; that lie baiVbeen lougin thohabit-of using narcotics . nnd stimulants — in'tho'wlldest foshionjho bus- pectcd— though, perhaps he -know -juoroauout them in some ways 'than -anybody 'else; that ho, Donnl, had sodt fori Mr, Avocj, trnsling he would give his help to tho '.antiro disuse ot thorn, for the carl was killing himself, body ana soul, with 'them. " To give them np entirely will cost him con siderable suffering," sald'Mr Avory, "I knowthat, nnd'ho'Jcnows it'too, anil does not want to give them up ("but it is absolutely necessary ho should he delivered from His habit : It lias led liim raudh 'too far Already, aud. ho knows It — nono butter." " If ,Iiam to undcrtake.tho«a3e..I must .act according to iray -own judgment;" aaid tho aoo- "'It is I wlro 'havo-sSnt ifar yon," .persisted Donnl, '"and wo- must havcanuinderStauubig ; you .murit promise two things, .or.take yoiir sca 1 and go." | "Isnny as wcH hearwlBt'they-are'. _ " Ono is-that you. will atloivlt tnako.hla.tow ilfllivcrauce from .tho habit your objuot.; ' other that' you will leavo nothing la Mis vwa hauds an 'to any mellicino yougivo hltBi . "J ogrflo to both heartily ; but alt .will depend bis nurse." ii I will nurao bun myself." After a question or two, tlio doctor wont to 1 :3 patient. The earl onve one glanco at liim, rtcoonisd in -the young man a look of deter- tarnation, felt unable to dispute with him,. and mbraitled. But when tlio doctor would have ..qjed to his wrist one of thoso instruments whioh record in ourves tho motions of tlio puke ho objected : lio wanted something to quarrel about. Ho would have no such liberty taken with him ! ..... "My lord, it -is but to Jearn what we can of fteaction of your lordship's heart," said Mr Avory. "I'll havo no spying iuto tho secrets of my heart ! It E003 j"8'' ''he other pcoplo's!" Tho doctor smiiod, put his instrument aside, "snd laid his finger on tho pulse instead : his business was to help, not to conquer, lis patient, he said ; if ho could not do what ho would, ho would do what he could. IVhilo ho sat with tho carl, Ponnl wont to lady Aretura, and told her what had passod, gho approved of what ho had done, and thanked him for understanding lier so well. A dreary timo followed. More than once or twice the patient lay awako half tho night, howling in misery, and nconslug Donal of tho most heartless cruolty. As suro as thero was osnnlintheheavena, what ha begged would oaso Ma pain and give him sleep, but he, calling himself a Christian, would not move a finger to dolivorhim! Ho hated to seo a follow.being happy! He dolightcd in beholding misery! "Iwa» never so cruel to those I treated worst! You sit ihoro gloating over my sufferings! 'How,' you Bay to yourself, ' ho is iu boll! TV hat a splendid twinge ho had from that red- hot pair of tongs !— There, lie's got to drink that hare-soup!' — I'll tell you, Grant, there's noth. ing, even in the Persian. hells, which heat all the rest, to come up to what I go through for .want .of my medicine! Damn you, &c;,, &c;, jGivo mo that cabinet, will you And so on, and on, and on. "How do you think you will bo able to do without it," roturncd Donal, on one such oc casion, " when you liud yourself in Iho other iWorld?" "I'm not thero yet! Besides, when I am, It will bo under now, quite new conditions, if in deed it ho not unconditioned altogether. We'll take timo as it flics ; and so, my dear boy, just go to my portmanteau — you know where it ib, and get mo " "I will get you nothing of that sort." "You want to kill me!" " What should you bo kept alive for ? To cat opium ? I havo other work than that. I would not move a finger to keep you alive with .such a lifo. But I wouldn't mind dying to make you able to go on without it. Thoro would be some good in that! May your lord ship live many years, and not bo afraid to dio when the lost of them comes!" "Damn your.preaoliing!" But tho powor of tho evil lmhit did abate, a little, and though every now and then it .seemed to return as strong as ever, it was plain the suffering did not continue so great. As to moral improvement, it was impossible to say anything with confidence. 