A Case in the King's Court. Br M. O. T. H. Chapter XIII. ' Heather, Heather ! Why, Heather, ma belle.' It Was Pierre Danton who shouted. He had arrived home on the evening at Heather's flight, flushed and noisy, as he very often did lately, and was now searching for her throughout the house. Coming in at the front door by the aid of his own key, Alice, the servant, who was gossiping at the yard-fenoe with her friend of nekt door, had not heard him enter. ' Fate !' Qui est tu ? Like all women, thou art not to be found when wanted. Heather, I ray. ' No reply; absolute silence. The house rang hollow, What a strange sensation does pervade a dwelling when its inhabitants are absent. The very furniture looks reproach fully at you, as if tacitly bemoaning its solitude. What a grave answer silence can give — how earnestly it assures us that all is not as it should be ; that, somewhere, something has gone wrong. Mr. Danton had never been noticeable for the control of his passions, and now his anger was rapidly rising, as he found no answer to his imperious calls. What had the woman got to do but be ready to receive him ? He stood at the foot of the stairs and shouted again. ' Heather, venu le) a P instant ; entendez reus ? Heather, are you dead, or asleep, or sulky— which ? Vite, make haste down and get me a glass of lemonade. I'm dying of thirst after that dusty 'bus.' But to all his adjurations no Heather replied. Then, with an oath of mingled French and English blasphemy, he dashed up the stairs three at a time, and rushed in and out of the bedrooms, shouting and gesticulating with national vehemence exaggerated by alcoholic fervour. But the whole performance was useless. His wife was nowhere to be found. Something sobered by his strange discovery, Pierre came gently down stairs, his hand to his brow, and an ex presion of stupid amaze upon his face. Gently and almost thoughtfully, he entered the dining-room. What had become of her, this patient, calm, efficient wife of his ? He missed her noiseless grace, her still servitude, won drously. It was exceedingly strange and unpleasant not to have Heather to wait upon him. And that reminded him that he was thirsty and needed a drink. He must get it himself. He grumbled as he went to the sideboard and swallowed glass after glass of brandy. The gasogenewas there, and lemons and sugar were in the cupboard, but it needed the wife's skilled hand to make the more soothing drink, and the wife was not there to be found. It was easy to pour down the burning poison draught upon draught. How many times in the past years had Heather been brought face to face with that deadly facility in her hus band's will, and averted it by her deft production of a more harmless drink ! But it was Heather's own fault, he argued, she was not here to avert the calamity, and she had put a great strain upon his faculties. He had actually got to think about his wife. Where was she ? Had she — could it be possible that she had turned recalcitrant. Could she have discovered that she had a will of ha- own, and determined to act upon it ? He grinned as he filled bis glass for the fourth time, and fell loungingly into his big armchair, devising with lazy brain, whose machinery grew momently stiffer, new tor tures for the woman who bad dared to fail for one moment in attendance npon his supreme needs. For that was the height of his suspicion at present. Still he was puzzled. What could have become of her ? Friends she had none. No human being, with any personal interest in her, existed on the face of the earth. He supposed she had gone shop ping for eome little necessary in the neighbourhood. He would teach her to time her shopping more cleverly ; or it was just possible tbat, not feeling very well, she had gone to consult the old woman who had nursed her when little Marie was born. 'Women are Ires grandes folles. Each little ache or psin, they must have pity from some one. She gets it not trom me, so £ suppose that of the old woman we a better than none.' When he had reached this point of cogitation he was almost drowsing into a drunken sleep, but was suddenly aroused. Alice had terminated her diurnal gossip across the fence, the characters of a few more of her neighbours lay at her discretion, and now she came demurely ia with the cloth acroEs her arm to lay the table for tea. With a shrug of her shoulders as she observed the semi stuiiefied 'ian in the armchair, ehe inquired dubiously, ' Will the missis be long, sir ? Shall I lay for her ?' Partially roused, he got up staggeringly, with a lazy oath. ' The mistress— where is she i What has become of her, Alic@ 5''' Alice looked astoniehed. ' Dou't you know, sir ? She's gone out.' ' Teste ! 1 see tbat ; but where r' ' I don't know, sir. She went by train.' 11 By train— ehe?' That roused him. His astonuhment was natural. It was an action ehe had never done since ths day of ber marriage, rave in his own company. ' Did you see her go ?' ' I never seed her leaving the house, sir, but ? ' ' Saw her on the station, eh ?' ' Well, sir, I was a standing at the back door, which the train was a coming up, when I sees a lady go up the steps quick ; and says 1 to myself, 'It's mirais, or her ghost;' and I stands there all etrucklike, and sees her get into a car. And then I cornea in and looks all round, but ahe warnt here. You see, sir, I waa kind of frighted. Missis, she's auch a etay-at-home. In all my born days I never seed such a My for the house, and ? ' ' Tatti-tatti ! What clatterers you women are, if you gat the shadow of a chance. Did Mrs. Danton go by an up train?' The girl, like all of her class, was not inclined to put up with a rebuke. Sulkily enough she muttered, ' She went the Melbourne way, sir.' ' To Melbourne?' When was ever any Frenchman less than jealous of the woman who has every claim on his trust ? Said Alice, smartly, 'I didn't say to Melbourne. How could I tell ? There's Filminlon and Newtondon and Hotton— how could 1 tell where she got out : me who uerer even see tier leave the house ?' He interrupted the tirade : ' Was there any one with her ?' Alice hesitated, and looked nervously uncertain. His suspicious were at once on the alert. ' Was there any one with her ? Do you hear me ? Speak out, girl ; who was with her?' But his temper had co power over Alice. She only bridled up, and looked away. ' If you please, sir, I've got a name as well as my betters, if I am only a poor servant, and I'll trouble you to respect it. If so be as I ain't ex actly a young lady, yet I objects to being addressed as ' girl,' asd'rogatory to my self-respec'.' ' Oh, ah, there, of course, of course. I apologise ; I apologise. Millc tonnerres I a thousand pardons, I mean, my good girl. There, there ! I mean, m a chere atnie /' ' I don't know if misBie is gone ; I thought as how you'd know all about it, and she'd be coming home this evening like any other lady ; but it, as how sne isn't, I dnnno, as mother'd like me, it so being as I was always respectable brought up.' Pierre Danton had no spare stock of patience, and it must be confessed that these circumstances were certainly irri tating. He leaped to his feet with clenched fists and uplifted voice. ' Woman, if you don't answer my question at once.' Alice dropped the cloth, sat down on a chair, and began to sob. ' 1 was never before called — — ' Pierre stormed. ' Mortbleu ! I declare I'll wriag your — — ' And he strode towards her. But Alice was equal to the occasion ; with a little leap she sprang to the door. ' I won't stop here to be frighted out of my life for any master whatsomever. I'll screech, I will. Noo-oo-oo ! You, you forrener brute as is always drinkin' and guasling. I ain't your poor misused angel of a wife, I can tell you, my fine sir.' 'No, you vixen; good for you that you are not,' ha growled. ' Will you tell me who was with her, or will you not?' ' Keep your distance. I'll scream if you come near tn°. I'll tell my mother, I— I — I will. I'll call In the police if you come any nearer me, you nasty, ugly, black Freucher, you.' Raging, Pierre snatched up the poker and yelled : 11 I'll brain you where you stand, you abusive idiot, if you don't at once tell me the name of the man who travelled to Sydney with Mrs. Danton. Scelerat ! I won't hurt you if you will be reasonable ; but have that man's name I will.' Alice's mind was a very single one, flat like a sheet of glass, with one level facet. It waa a mind of unity. It could reflect but one emotion at a time. At this adjuration of her master's amaze succeeded ear, and with uplifted hands she gasped out, while her eyes grew rounder and rounaer, ' Man ! did a man go with her ? Poor dear, its no wonder, but I'm sorry for her, that I am.' ' His name, his name ! ' wildly. ' How'd I know the villain's name. I never saed him. She'll suffer for it all the same, poor thing, though if ever angel was driven to shame she was.' . -« Woman ! Fiend ! Diablo I I do believe you'll drive me stark mad. Will you or will you not tell me the name of the man yon raw with my wife. What he was like or some thing about him ? ' Now Alice changed her tactics, drawing her plamp little figure straight, and looking exquisite astonishment. ' Man I raw, sir ? What man P ' ' ' He who was with Mrs. Danton.' ' I don't know anything ot any man, sir.' ' Didn't vou tell me justnowthat a man went in the tram with her ? '* 'Me, sir? Oh, sir! No, sir. It was you, sir, as said ? ' ' Didn't you ray ehe was not alone ? ' ' No, I didn't, eir, but I was agoin to say it. I thought as how she was not alone.' ' Well,' cooling down a little, ' who was with her then, if it was not a man ? What woman was it, my dear ? ' ' I aint your dear, I'd have you to know, sir. Ana I didn't say as how a woman was with her.' ' Curse the girl ! Yon're enough to make a man cut hu throat. Tell the tale your own way— only tell it/' ' And as how I'm sure mother'd never let me stop beve to be cussed by the finest furrianer in the world, wkich» begging your pardon for raying it, ain't you, sir.' ' Go on ! ' ' Well, I only seed missis for a moment, as she went u? the steps, but I'm aartin sure she had a ? ' ' Had a— what?' ' She was carrying in her arms a baby.' 'Canying— in— her— arms— a baby!' Pierre fell back in his chair ia the absolute dumbness of astonishment, and only recovered to deluge bis already muddled brains with more spirituous liquors, in hope oi solving the mysteries that surrounded him. Alice escaped from the room, and, leaving her master destitute of the tea she accurately judged he did not vri^ ' hurried on her hat and flew home to her mother to inform aer that ehe would not stay slone in the house with a t renc - man, who, in English, my-deared her, swore at her, threatened her with the poker, and who doubtless aid s woree in his own language, if she only knew what it me i ? Of which resolution hsr mother at once raw the phuosopaji and gave it her unreserved support. . 