Useful Ghosts. A TENNESSEE ghost comes to a house in Hamilton county; and rocks the baby to sleep every night. Now, then by all the dwellers in ' the nether gloom,' if tkere is a reckless ghost of any old ancestor of ours would like to find steady employment at good wages in a quite family and good neighbourhood, wc can give the perturbed spirit all it wants to do in the silent line of general housework, with Sunday afternoou for itself, and one night out every week when it could go around and raise a ghostly, rackot with the neighbours and haunt all the |lonely houses in the neighbourhood. What a gem of a house servant-a .gliost would bo. Never 'sass' back: always invisible. The pie would como on tlio table as though it were flying through tlio ai.x; the carpet sweepor would perform its func tions without tlio cowling accompaniment of Gnoh-na- gnah-na-tha-wah-that war the place whero the whiskoy is plentliy-wliack 1 fpl- dhe-rol-lol!' And at night it could haunt all the objectionable [neighbours until tliey fled the neighbourhood, and property would depreciate seventy-flue per cent, when we could buy it in and whack up with the ghost. No light no fire required for the ghost's room. No private watchman wanted on the block; no dog. on the premises. When a burglar dlimbed in at, the window and felt the cold clammy fingers of the ghost wiggling down the back of Ins neck ; when ho drove a ten inch bowie knife clean through the ghost's bosom fivo times and the spectre smiled sadly at him and showed liim whore his throat had been cut nine years ago, how the robber would drop his kit and wing his restless flight to realms beyond the farther limits of the city corporate. And when the door bell rang, the ghost could stick its head clear through the keyhole and see who was there before the door was opened. And there would be no sweethearts loafing about the kitchen on Sunday nights, ah no. Truly, a ghost would be a great boon to the home, and if any of our readers knows of a ghost out of a job, send him at once to this oflco. 