OBITUARY. Alexander Michaelowitsch Gortschakoff, statesman, and cousin of the celebrated general who defended Sebastopol, was born in 1798, and educated at the Lyceum of Zarskoe-Selo. He commenced his diplomatic life at the Congresses of Laybach and Verona, in the capacity of attaché to Count Nesselrode; was secretary to the Russian embassy in London in 1824, charge desires to the court of Tuscany in 1830, and was attached for the first time, in 1832, to the legation at Vienna, where the death of his superior, the Russian ambassador, gave him great influence. In 1841 he was sent on a mission to Stuttgart, where he negotiated the marriage of the Grand Duchess Olga of Russia with the Prince Royal of Wurtem- berg. During the events of 1848-9 Prince Gortschakoff maintained a dignified neutrality, but it is rumoured that in 1850 he exercised some influence in procuring the abdication of the Emperor Ferdinand L in favour of his nephew, Francis Joseph. During the dispute respecting the Eastern question, the prince was ambassador at Vienna at his instance the Russian government accepted the four points which formed the basis of the Conference of Paris in 1856, and he was recalled to St. Petersburg in that year, to replace Nesselrode as Minister for Foreign Affairs. A proclamation of his very hostile to the Western powers, during the Sicilian and Neapolitan revolution, excited much attention, and his policy during the Polish insurrection of 1863 has been freely commented upon. In October, 1876, while, Paris was being besieged by the Germans, Prince Gortschakoff issued a circular to the representatives of Russia abroad, announcing the resolution of the Emperor to be no longer controlled by the treaty of 1855 so far as a limited his rights of sovereignty i in the Black Sea. This led to the conference held in London in 1871, when the i treaty was modified so as to satisfy the demands of Russia. In recognition of his services on this occasion Prince Gortschakoff was accredited with the rank of Highness. He was one of the Russian Plenipotentiaries at the Congress of Berlin in 1878. FLOMIINI-Fon ina Taara AND ERITREA few drops of the liquid "Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. I removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. " The Fragrant Floriline,' being room stored in part of honey and sweet herbs is delicious of the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s. 6d., of all Chemists and Perfumers., wholesale depot removed to st Feoùvfdo Road London t COOLING AND ItEFBEsniNO as the effects of BOW lands' Kalydor on the face, hands, and arms of ladies, and all exposed to the scorching rays of the sun and heated particles of duet ; it eradicates all freckles, tan, sunburn, stings of insects, etc, and produces a beautiful and delicate complexion. Howland's Mac allar OU prevents the hair falling off, or becoming dry during hot weather, and renders it beautifully soft, pliable and glossy. Rowland's Odonto is the purest. most fragrant and congruity tooth powder ever made ; it whitens the teeth, prevents decay and gives a pleasing fragrance to the breath. Ask any dealer In perfumery for Rowland's articles, of 20, Hatton Garden! London, and avoid spurious, worthless imitations. insist To Co-orEiuTivx CoirrANns AND THUS For sale, the Boot, Shoo, and Upper Factory ; also the Saddlery and Harness Factory situated in Riley-street, Woolloomooloo, and conducted by Mr. E. J. Tebbatt for the last 18 years, Mr. Tebbutt being desirous to retire from the same. The factories and land, which are spacious, can be sold or let for a term of years. Mr. T. is prepared to deal liberally with any responsible parties for the letting or selling of the same. All particulars can be obtained from Mr. TEBBATT at 40 and 53, Riley- street, Woolloomooloo, Sydney. HELY turns, i neals An attempt is being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitants from another world, and many are the wonderful stories that SU tonic of the Journals The sceptical mind It, however, inclined to adopt Scrooges remark to Marley's ghost " How do I know that you are not k bit of undigested bread!" for, 1 all the ghost producers, a bit of " heavy " bread is the most potent It is a wonder, thornton) that people do not adopt the surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread for although it won't " tie ghosts," it will raise bread in the most and soluble fashion Every wise storekeeper but it by him, and every good housewife buys It 210-83. , < i I i' 