. The Rapper. WHATEVER excuses may be invented in extenuation of the disgraceful uproar caused by partisans at the meeting held in Sydney on Tuesday evening to protest against-the mission of the Messrs. Redmond, there can be no question bnt that the tumult was . the outcome of tactics adopted by an organised body of men who were' present for the expras purpose of shutting the mbuthB of spBakers, either by fair'.or foul „ wtehed to deny their follows thfr irigbt to ,tl}iak, apeak and dot for -themselves. •No matter .what roarty jpredominatai amongst - tho speakers,,or what " ism" they represented express ttlnir their vin«.« viewa tfc„n than imri had Mr. Redmend 'at 1° - kis meeting. If Irishmen in- this free conntnr,;, Where every man is-equal, will not cast aside tbtir old-timo prejudices and endoavour to consider themselves part of the great Australian natko/thoy miiBt be taaght to do so by sheer force;. If a class, of people whb are' in th» •' minority in a country where there is no dis'. tinction between man and man can bo roused to the state that tho disturbers were in oa Tuesday night by the utterances- of one man, ho tr much more susceptible to similar influencesmust be their countrymen in a land where they . Tuesday night illustrates pretty clearly the class of people' England has to .deal with in< Ireland, and the difhculties which have been-thrown in-the way of good government by designing agitators. • • • If Mr. Redmond does not wish- to widen the brcach started on Tuesday night, he will abandon hi» proposed demonstration in honour of the Lund League on St. Patrick's day. Now that a little fuel has been added' to the smouldering cinbcrs of sectariun bitternesB, it would not take a great deal to fan it into a furious blaze. * * • The " Echo " thinks that Tuesday night's disturbance has given Sir Herny Pantos his ! opportunity again, which he will use with bisusual adroitness. I do not think sot The old ' knight will have his opportunity without taking advantage of a temporary split between sects, although it must be apparent that he was not defeated on the Land question, but owing to a combination of High Churchmen, Catholics, Brewers, and Publicane. Tho old man has many faults, like most of us,, but his name will yet be engraven deep in the hearts of Australians, and will be remembered when his traducers shall have been consigned to the regions of oblivion. • * • The result of tho challenge elections has been just as I predicted. Taylor has been returned for Mudgcer il'Elhone for the Upper Hunter. The country has gained, nothing by the contests, and the two persons most concerned have added nothing to their reputation. The electors of Mudgee were called upon to decide bctwecatv, o men of unenviable notoriety in the political world, and it is not much to be wondered at that they chose the one who had the most claims on their consideration, regarded from a local standpoint It is matter for regret that in their blind infatuation for localism they should have returned to Parliament the mas. who, whilst acknowledging that ho had done wrong,, yet expressed no contrition for his misdoing, nor gave any promise of reformation. It iB also to be regretted that a third man did not seek the suffrages of the Mudgceites, because-had ho done so they would, have been afforded an opportunity of showing their disapprobation of such questionable conduct us had marked the Parliamentary career of one of their members- To call a special meeting of mombens of a School of Arts to decide whether a certain weekly newspaper should be admitted tothe institution seems-trivial;. nevertheless such has been done. The members of the Maitland School of Arts will be called upon on the 15thinBtant to decide the momentous question as to whether " The Liberal" ehould be admitted to the instituion. Ihe action is certainly not at all complimentary to that journal, but it might well bo asked why could not the committee decide such an unimportant question ? • • « The " Maitland Mercury " has been shown a peach "the pale side being a deep- yellow approaching to orange colour I" Tonuny must have been looking at that peach through a brandy bottle speculum. • * • A Hunter River vet. ndvertises as follows " Wanted, sick, lamo and blind horses or cattle to cure." MilncrStephen wouldn'tstanda ghost ol a show up that way. * « * Since two offenders have been awarded six months each for personating at elections, some check should ho put upon tho reprehensible practice. In nine cases out of every ton the personator is merely tho dupe of the elec- Wh0 r punished, ^ ^ und ^ that sovorelv. e ality should "be PIETER POSSUM. 