?'THE' ENGLISH 'OUT XJF INDIA.' If by any turn of the political wheel M. Henri Rochefort should ever find himself, jas M. Paschal Grousset once did, at the head -of the French Foreign Office, England would 1 have to look to her guns. M. Rochefort's one ; characteristic in regard to foreign affairs : appears to be a besetting hatred of England 1 *nd all her works. Whatever the British Government undertakes in any part of the i globe arouses the suspicions of the editor of the Intransigeant, and his feelings find vent in columns of strong language, interspersed with unknown facts and wonderful stories of England's perfidy and corruption. M. Rochefort protested when a proposal was put forward to dispatch 8,000 French troops t? look after French interests on the Suez Canal ; but when, abandoned by her ally, England accomplished the work alone, his cries of I *' Perfide Albion !' were repeated day after ! day with ever- increasing Bitterness. Eng land's policy in Ireland is a constant subject for M. Rochefort's pen, and he is now begin ning to suspect Great Britain's action - in Madagascar/ In an article entitled 'The English out of India' he proposes to deal a fatal blow at the unity and prestige of the British Empire. 'England is trying to drive us out of Madagascar, and to induce Portugal to quarrel with us about the mouth of the Congo. She possesses three quarters of Africa, and hopes to lay hands on the whole continent. Of course the astute Gladstone, who is about as Liberal as Waldeck-Rousseau is Republican, does not threaten us with a declaration of war if we persist in remaining at Madagascar. A war with any European Power would entail the loss of Ireland, If our Ministers were capable of thinking of anything^but Louise Michel's arrest they would understand that the cancer which is eating up France is England ; that she impedes us wherever we go, and that once and for all we must get rid of this dear friend who is always asking for services and paying for them with every low trick she can invent. Instead of tracking out Irishmen who confide themselves to French hospitality, the Government ought, with all its strength and money, if needed, to en courage a rebellion in Ireland. There is, however, another insurrection the success of which would for ever draw the claws of the British Government. That is a revolt in India, which is only waiting for a signal to turn her hundred millions of men against her enemy ancl ours. If the in trenchments of Tel el-Kebir, carried by a bombardment of pounds sterling, had held out another month, the Indian Empire would have fallen to pieces like an edifice built on undermined foundations. The defeat of Arabi was a dear victory for England, but his success would have cost more, and we can easily understand that England did not look closely at a few millions when it was a ques tion of saving milliards. However, the Hindoo insurrection, always latent, alwayson the look-out, will not have to wait long for another opportunity. Not content with form ing an STmy of 150.CO0 natives and provid ing them with arms that will be turned against her when treason shall break out, England has made every effort to spread her language throughout India. This manner of annexing a conquered country (like M. de Bismarck, who forbids the use of the French language in Alsace and Lorraine) has pro duced an effect which that rascally old England never dreamed of. She has pro vided the Indians, often divided among themselves by their origin, interests, and religions, with the means of reading European newspapers, of studying contemporary history, and of uniting against the common oppressor. More intelligent, more civilised, more power ful than their co-religionists, the Mussulmans have taken the lead in a daily in creasing movement. The day, perhaps, not far off, when it will burst out,' all will be over with English power in Asia, as 'veil as with English oppression in Ireland and in Egypt. At the same moment when these three nations shall be delivered from their tyrants France will get rid of the most in supportable oppressive neighbor ever placed at her doors by the chances of geography. An Indian insurrection ! ! '. Therein lies our salvation! We hope, and we have reason to believe, that we shall not have long to wait. And yet the Ferry Cabinet is in such a state of intellectual decomposition that, just as it offered to give up Walsh and Byrne, it would be capable of offering England the aid of the French army to re-establish order in. case Indian Anarchists should have the bad taste to create a disturbance.' ' True ghost stories' are thus told by the London correspondent of the Liverpool Mercury:— 'The two ghost stories told by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Psychological Society. When Hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, the future defender of vivisection was studying for the medical profession, he had a horror of the ghastly details of the business, which he imagined he could never overcome. He was cured, strange to say, by a fright. Having to take some medicine on a windy night to Lancaster Castle, he had to pass through the room in which he had taken part in dissections. Just as he entered the room with the basket of medi cine under his arm, the clouds which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and looking up, the future biologist saw what he thought was an enormous figure in white, with arms outstretched, looking down upon him. He turned around trembling, and against the wall opposite stood another figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran. The patients in Lancaster Castle got no medicine that night But when he returned next day and found that he had been frightened , by mortuary sheets, he braced his nerves up so that he was soon collecting skulls. He made a fine set, but for a long time he could not get an Ethiopian skulL At last a negro died in Lancaster Castle, and the young doctor got permission to have his head. It was again a windy night when the operation of removing the head was determined upon. But habited in his long cloak, then the fashion, and pro vided with a blue bag, the comparative anatomist soon had the head safely stowed away. As he left the room in which the coffin lay, however, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw him upon his face. Attempting to recover himself, he lost his hold of the bag, the head fell out, rolled with increasing velocity down a flight of steps, across a courtyard, and settled itself upon the neck, with one eye open and the other shut, in a room where two women shrieked. The professor rushed wildly after it, took no notice of the women, seized the sknll, put it in his bag again, and ran from the Castle. Four or five years afterwards he was attending a dying woman, who called loudly for a clergyman, to whom she had something to tell. The doctor begged her to tell him, as no clergyman was near enough to be called in time. At length she spoke. ' Oh, sir, I had a husband, who was a negro, and, I fear, a bad man. He died, sir, in Lan caster Castle ; and, oh '. sir, I was standing one day in the rooms when my husband's head came out of the floor, and seemed to ask me to help him. And then, sir, the devil came through the door, snatched up the head, put it in a bag, and disappeared before I could do anything. And I have never done anything. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor husband's soul 'i ' :- The Comte de Saint- Vallier, late Ambas sador at the Court of Berlin, addressed a very interesting question in the French Senate on March 13, to M. Challemei-Lacour as to the development of the French colonial system, laying special stress on the intentions of the Government with respect to the Tonkin ex pedition. It was, he declared, necessary that further light should be thrown on three par ticular points, namely : — 1. Was France's colonial enterprise to be developed i 2. Was France in a position to found prosperous colonies 'I 3. Was she to extend or to limit her colonial policy? As for himself, he would unhesitatingly * answer all these queries in the affirmative. Pledged to a pacific attitude in Europe,' France could ? not do better than extend her influence in countries where her activity could pot fairly be viewed with suspicion. But the situation was a difficult one. France's colonies in the east were not sufficiently supported. Moreover they Buffered from the variations of her policy, and especially from her inaction in Egypt In the far East she was . already beaten, for her mercantile marine was not large enough to take its part of trade, which was consequently absorbed by England, Germany, and the United States of America. For this the sole remedy was the creation of fresh outlets; the devopment of new markets by means of colonies. In Africa the French colonial system had been completed by the addition of Tunis- and Cochin-China should be supplemented by that of Tonkin. That country should be occupied without delay. 'I adjure the Government to do so,' con concluded the Comte de Saint- Vallier, amid long and repeated applause ; ' but if you only adopt half measures you had better do nothing at all and recall Captain Riviere. ' M. Ohallemel- Lacour, in reply, said that the Go vernment almost entirely agreed with the speaker's views. France was the possessor of glorious traditions, which the Republic xould not disregard. It was, however,only,ttoo true that in every market -France sra» coh'' fronted by new rivals. She wasthoreforeob liged to f resk fields, for her aetiyity. But the Government would abstain from romantic enterprises, which had often ended in disaster, while, on the other hand, : enforc ing respect for its rights wherever they existed. In reference to the Tonkin question, France could not withdraw her troops, nor could she conquer Tonkin. A middle course would be adopted. Certain points, added the speaker amid the cheers of the Centre and the Left, would be occupied in order toprove that the French intended to remain thereand ?to/protect their i«Uow*countrymen - and .the foreign element. 