THE NEW HEBRIDES. MISSIONARIES AND POLITICS. FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT "THE VAGABOND." TANNA, Sept. 7. . The public opinion of the chiefs I meet at Port Resolution is very decisive, and as this is the only trading place in Tanna, it is the re- sort of all the tribes except those who live very far north. For the Trench they have only words of hatred fand contempt, for the English nothing but a good word. "Tanna belong a English," they say. One, "Tanna belong a big fellow Queen England." I ask if he "sabes" the Queen. He must in the colonies have seen some picture of the Royal family, for he replies, "Me sabe, one big fellow man die, big fellow woman she stop, plenty picaninny." This fairly describes the domestic condition of the gracious lady who reigns over England. Some big fights are going on at present, and the "bushmen" are not coming down to the port, so I send emissaries to the north, to the east, and to the west, carrying the word that there is to be a big talk here next Saturday ; that I have come from Australia to see the chiefs of Tanna, and hear what they say for French or for Enghsh rule, so that the "big fellow" Queen Victoria of England may know their hearts. Therefore the fights had better finish, a tabu be made, and the chiefs meet me, and talk in peace. In thus endowing myself with semi-diplomatic powers, I trust I have not been guilty of lèse-majesté. In the present state of affairs respecting the New Hebrides, I consider it my duty to obtain an independent expression of opinion from the natives—an opinion which may be contrary to that held by the missionaries or by myself. . The danger is that these chiefs will mock at my self-imposed mission—that they will imagine I am tricking them into signing iome document prejudicial to their interests. As the outcome of what I have already heard, which, I am told, "All man Tanna say all the same," I have prepared a petition to Her Majesty, to be signed by the chiefs if they will. The natives all know the value of a written document. The many purchases of land made in this island have been attested by their marks. They always acknowledge and never attempt to dispute these deeds. Not one of them here can read English. When I stand before them and ask to be their voice to the world, and say, "Put your marks to this," how will they take it ? I have no outward and visible forms of authority with me, like the captain of a man-of-war. I have no pretensions to inward and spiritual grace, like a missionary. They can understand the one ; they respect the other as some un- known tabu. But what can they make of me ? They cannot realise the power a journalist represents, greater than that of soldier or preacher. Neither ostensibly olfficer, mis- sionary, sailor, nor trader. What will these people think ? Should they imagine that I am deceiving them, the situation will be awk- ward. They are not fools ; they are blood- thirsty and brutal ; but they have a fine sense of their own rights and their own liberties. The man who will attempt to cheat them out of either will make the acquaintance of a few Snider bullets. This is the trouble I have to look forward to. But as a journalist more or less matters very little, I intend to see the thing through. . The mission at Port Resolution has been abandoned for nearly 12 months. At Kwamera, 14 miles down the coast, the Rev. William Watt has been stationed since 1869, having also to take charge of the souls on the island of Aniwa and at the Port. On the evening of my fourth day here the mission schooner Dayspring is seen standing off. K. tells me she is bringing Mr. Watt back to his own station. Now, I wish to get all the signatures I can without consulting the missionaries. They may not be with me, and can certainly influence a few against me. Can we get to Kwamera before Mr. Watt, go through his electorate, and the work being done, meet him as he lands ? The Dayspring is bound to keep well out at night, so we start at dawn in the morning to get through the programme I have laid down. We sail along the beautiful coast. The shore Is fringed with cocoanuts upwards from high- water mark. The smoke of many villages is to be seen near the beach, others further in- land, but not up in the mountain valleys, where there is scarcely any population. On Tanna, the line which divides the "salt- water" from the "bush" tribes is a narrow one. Four or five miles inland the natives are described as bushmen. But as Tanna is only some 50 miles in circumference, it is not possible to get very far away from the sea. One can see that this fertile soil will, with very little exertion, maintain a large population. On the south-west and south-east coasts the in- habitants are reckoned at 100 for every mile of beach. Long jagged reefs run out far into the sea ; there is a deep swell on the shore, on which the waves dash in a surf as powerful as at Hokitika. The sun- beams striking on the spray form brilliant prisms. There is a turquoise sky above, and opal depths below. To lie back in the stern sheets and imbibe the influence of these surroundings is happiness. I think of dear friends far away, and would that some were with me to enjoy these summer cruises in the South Seas. . The Dayspring is seen in the offing beating in on a light wind. It is four hours from the start when we run through an opening in the dangerous reef into the beach at Kwamera. There is a crowd of boys and girls ready to welcome us. I imagine that they take me for the missionary when afar off, and I feel flattered accordingly. The first thing is to get introduced to the chiefs, of whom there are three here. The prin- cipal one is having his hair done by the court barber. He is lying back luxuriously on the sand whilst his locks are combed out, and with fibre rolled into numberless thin tresses, the ends of which are frizzed out in a manner not entirely unbecoming. He is rather disdainful at first, but through the interpreter, an old "labour boy," I at last make arrangements with him and his people for a "big talk" later on. Then we adjourn to the missionary's boat shed, and take our breakfasts surrounded by an admiring crowd. Some young girls are decently clothed in cotton dresses, others expose all the charms which nature has given them. With two or three exceptions the men were all nude. It is the fashion here in both sexes to wear a dozen tortoiseshell hoops in the ears. Old ladies have the national long grass petticoat, and round their necks are slung rough pieces of greenstone, honoured heirlooms which, like the Maories, they much value. We are sur- prised by Messrs. Watt and Laurie, who we thought were still on board the Dayspring. My chances of catching the missionary people alone are finished ! We adjourn to Mr. Watt's house. It is a fine roomy building, very pleasantly situated, with a grass roof, lined inside. A schoolhouse near is also of weatherboard, but the church is the ordinary grass and reed shed. It is the policy of the old Presbyterian Church not to attach any sacred value to a thing made with hands, hence they inculcate amongst the natives respect for the Sabbath as a Divine institu- tion, and consider any place good enough to worship in. Happily for the architectural beauty of Collins street, all that is changed in Melbourne. . Mr. Matheson, of the Presbyterian church of Nova Scotia, settled at Kwamera in 1858. The particular "call" which the "Blue- noses" had in evangelising the New Hebrides I cannot exactly understand. However, they were the founders of the mission here as elsewhere. And until one had personally realised the many hardships, perils of climate, and dangers from savages, I think it must have seemed an attractive "call" from bleak and cold Nova Scotia to these ever verdant isles of the Pacific. But in less than four years Kwamera was aban- doned, and it was not until 1869 that Mr. Watt, who belongs to the Reformed Church of Scotland, re-opened the mission here. He has met, I am told, with as much success as anyone. He is respected by the natives around, and has a fair congregation. A few —very few—have learnt our ideas of decency. And both he and Mrs. Watt seem to be imbued with a true Christian spirit. The young Norwegian trader, my companion, is loud in praise of the missionary. "When I was down with the fever he visited me, and Mrs. Watt made and sent me bread, and anyone who says anything against them has to fight me," says this descendant of the Ber- serks. By the well-used books on his shelves, Mr. Watt is a student ; by his conversation he is more—a practical man of the world. He does not seem to think that everyone except a missionary will be damned, and he has none of the peculiar language—I will not say "can't," but the shibboleth—used by too many ot his class. I have to thank Mrs. Watt for her hospitable reception and good tea, although, as in the case of the little lady at Manipori station—who so insidiously asked me, "Do you drink whisky ?:—I recog- nise that a stranger here is rather an acquisition, always provided he does not belong to a "slaver." From the second mate of the Dayspring, who is on shore, I learn of the sad affair at Api, the day after we left there. Two more white men killed, why not I as well as another? I little thought as we passed the Lavinia at anchor, and saw the Government agent leaning smoking over the rails, that in less than a week he would be murdered close to where I went ashore. . After lunch—the natives, we hear, having been got together—we adjourn to the beach. Mr. Watt says he does not wish to have anything to do with my petition or to sign it as a witness, as it would be travelling out of his province, but he consents to give his assurance of my bona fides if ques- tioned. We find that the boss chief has just got through being "barbed." He is carefully burying some stray hairs in the sand, so that not one may blow away and fall into the hands of an enemy. He will not leave them here, but will burn them afterwards. It is a superstition not con- fined to the New Hebrides but found, I believe, in the Banks and Solomon Islands, tlint if any evil-disposed person takes a piece of the food you eat, or anything belonging to your person, a hair from your head, a toe nail, &c.;, by placing this over a slow fire, as it scorches up you will die in agony. No Tannaman will eat fowl for fear a feather may fall into an enemy's hands. You cannot get one of them to take half a stick of tobacco, as the other part being burnt in a pipe would cause his death. Banana skins or the rind of any fruit are always carefully collected, and burnt or buried by those who eat them. One cannot laugh the natives out of these superstitions. I offer them stumps of cigars, and dare their most poweiful wizard to harm me. They admit their impotency where white men are concerned, but seem to have a sort of pride that they are liable to this witchcraft. Just aa some Old World people are proud of having ghosts, banshees, the gout, and other disagreeables hereditary in their families. . The head men of the surrounding villages are assembled. Some, like Cincinnatus, have been called from husbandry to affairs of state—coming straight from the yam patches, their hands are soiled with earth. The petition is translated to them, and my address in "beachcomber" English is listened to with great attention. Mr. Watt confirms the truth of the translation. There is a talk among themselves, and then by acclamation it is resolved that it is desirable the "big fellow Queen" shall prevent French annexa- tion, and that the chiefs shall aflix their marks to a letter to that effect. "Frenchman no good," each man says, with a shake of his head. The marks are accordingly set down by the chiefs, not without a certain amount of nervousness at this strange ceremony. When this business is over they all seem as if they expected me to summon British legions out of the earth. If the French should annex the New Hebrides I am not going to visit there again. The natives will look upon the "big- fellow Queen" and myself as deceivers. I make a farewell address. As I look round on these naked savages, some standing, others Iying on the sands, I am reminded of William Penn when he got the chiefs of the Delaware and Susquehanna valleys to sign that cele- brated treaty which "euchred" them out of their fertile plains. But this paper which the chiefs of Tanna will sign can only do themselves good. As I am not working on my own account or for any personal benefit I am "going one better" than William P. In my parting words I try to impress a little useful knowledge on my hearers. With a sheaf of reeds I give them a version of the old tale of the bundle of sticks. I point out how foolish it is for the men of Tanna to fight and kill each other when by uniting they would be powerful. I appeal to them to give up war for the sake of self interest and material prosperity. I don't know if this viewof it has ever struck them before, or if the seed will fall on good ground. . We go to say adieu to Mrs. Watt, who is in the shade of the boatshed talking to the girls and women of the village. Amongst the former there are three damsels who wear kerchiefs on their heads as well as good cotton dresses, and look superior to the rest. These are favourites of Mrs. Watt, having been trained from infancy by her. They are Christian, and therefore still vestals. They must only be given to the elect, and there are none such on hand at present. The heathen young men wish to marry them, but Mr. Watt will not consent. The vestais may cast longing eyes at the heathen braves, but they must hide their love and wait until three Christian young natives come along. Truly they are suffering for the faith. The women crowd around Mrs. Watt with affec- tion. My feelings receive a momentary shock when I see an old hag, so hideous, clad only in a grass petticoat, embrace and caress the lady with fervour. Not only a fashionable woman of the world, but any working girl, would shrink from such contact with dis- gust. Mrs. Watt does not like it I am sure, but she disengages herself without any any sign of repugnance. And then I understand the true missionary spirit. I see here the out- come of the vision which the apostle saw at Joppa, when the gospel of humanity and love to all preached by Him of Nazareth was first understood as being held out to all mankind, and not only to the puriah of Judea. "Nothing is common or unclean." Love and charity and the example of good lives ; these the missionary and his wife can evidence here— of more value, perchance, than prayers and sermons. In time, the seed may bear fruit, but the harvest is long, very long in coming ; as yet there is scarcely a germ ! . Going down to the boat I am disgusted at being asked to buy yams, as if I were a com- mon trader, instead of one self-clothed with an important diplomatic mission. The I'm- portuners, however, are few, and I get rid ol them by distributing a few sticks of tobacco, a proceeding which I hope does not come under the bribery clause of the Ballot Act. At Kwamera I commence my election cumpaign. Every- where the result is the same, a hatred of the French strongy evidenced, and the marks of the chiefs readily affixed to the petition when it is explained to them. A desire is often expressed that the Queen would send a big fellow ship to fight the "Wee Wees." Strange enough are some of my experiences. Par exemple, I wrote this to-night in a grass hut, where there is just room to sling my hammock. A box on the ground serves as a table, the candle flickers in the wind, my Snider and revolver are close to my hand, for I am cautioned to be always pre- pared for danger. The dank vegetation out- side gives out a sickly smell in the moist night air. My companion is sleeping in an- other hut afar off, and I am alone with my thoughts. I imagine I am considered to be tabu, as a great chief of Victoria. To-night a man, who had a Snider ball shot through his hand, is brought to me to examine. The wound is one which in any other country would necessitate amputation. Here it is healing up quickly, owing to the pure vege- table diet of the sufferer. . When we depart in a morning the beach is always crowded with men and women to see us off They sit in different groups. I talk to both of their services in Queensland and Fiji. From these I obtain no complaints as regards the labour traffic. The women espe- cially lament the time of their three years' "slavery" in the colonies. They mention the names of people I know with whom they have served. They were in far better case then. "Plenty mano (dress) ; plenty ki- ki." This is what these females, now dragged down with the cares of mater- city, and toiling hard in the yam patches, tell me. On every island, and in every village I have been, I have questioned the natives as to their view of the labour trade. Complaints have been made against individual ships for "stealing" men, but poll the people, and the minority in favour of suppressing the traffic in "indentured labour" would be ridiculously small. One of the largest individual gatherings I attend is at White Sands, some five miles from Port Resolution. Word had been sent overland to the surrounding villages that the "big fellow talking captain" was coming. An early start, and we row along the shore where we can see all the formation of the coral rocks upheaved by the earthquake, with the lower stone strata beneath. At the point stand two lone cocoanut trees. They were pre- viously on the hill top, but in the great con- vulsion a landslip took place, and they were carried a quarter of a mile without injury. This has always been a great source of wonder to the natives, who imagine that the trees were taken up bodily and borne through the air. "Yasur made him," they say ; and they are right in that the hidden forces of the volcano caused the con- vulsion. Sulphur Bay is well known to sailors. White men were long established here trading for copra and for sulphur, which the natives brought down in bags from the volcano sides. In 1877 an honest trader living here named William Easterbrook was murdered by the natives. Lieutenant Caffin, of the Beagle, hanged a man for this, not the real criminal, but an accomplice who was present at the murder, and ready to finish the deed. The actual slayer of Easterbrook is one named Yuhmunga ; he is now an lndentured labourer in Queensland, at Mary- borough ; he is a thorough scoundrel, and if anyone seeing this should find him out, and kick him, justice will not suffer. . Anent this murder, I will quote Dr. Steel's book on the New Hebrides as showing the unfair bias against traders which missionary accounts always give. It seems as if they can never be fair, when they write of other white men except them- selves. Dr. Steel, who, I suppose, got his information from the resident mis- sionaries, says Easterbrook "had sold gun- powder to the natives, and lived with one of their women. Some quarrel had arisen about this woman, and it led, it is believed, to his death in this violent manner." Anyone reading this, and especially if with Exeter-hall proclivities, would imagine that Easterbrook rather deserved his death than otherwise—there is the obvious suggestion that he had abducted or seduced a Tanna woman, and hence met his fate. When I read this to Captain Macleod, he briefly said, "It is a –––– lie." The dead man's partner was a good woman from Api, bought as his wife after native fashion, and living with him as such, although the union was not sancti- fied by the ritual of the church. She now resides on Sandwich, cultivating, with is- land labourers, a little property for the benefit of her half-caste children, of whom Captain Macleod has taken charge. I have before pointed out that traders scarcely ever take unto themselves partners of the daughters of the island where they live, so avoiding complications with the natives. Easterbrook, from the testimony of the Tanna men ot Sulphur Bay, was murdered without provocation through a trading dispute over a bunch of cocoanuts which Yuhmunga had stolen. The tribes lament it, and say that if his half-caste son will come and live with them they will give him a piece of land. I quote this as one of many examples of mis- sionary narratives in which every white man except theinselves is held up to scorn. . It is four years ago since I visited the late lamented King Thakambau at Bau. I sailed from Levuka with that kindest of cicerones, Mr. William Hennings, the great "white chief" of Fiji. With us was a dear little friend of mine who had royal blood in his veins. Arrived at the island home of the vuni vula, we had to go ashore from our cutter in a canoe. All the first families were there to welcome us. Ratu Joe, a striking example of the success of the pious training of the Wesleyans at Newington College, calls out to me, "How are you doctor ? Will you come and camp with me tonight ? Only bachelor's quarters you know, but I'll put you up as well as I can." Prince Joe is only wearing a sulu and shirt, and it seems very strange to hear these English col- loqualisms in what a few yeara back was a cannibal island. As we landed the little princesses and chieftainesses raised a cheer. I raised my hat, replaced it on my head, pre- paring to jump ashore. Some of my readers may have balanced themselves on a Fijian wonga, others will have seen pictures of it. You have to part your hair down the middle and equally divide the silver in your trousers' pockets as you stand on the plank which is all the passenger accommoda- tion. I had done this all right, but I neglected proper precautions in landing. Raising one foot to jump ashore the equili- brium was destroyed, the thing bucked, and down I went into 4ft. of water, my helmet driven over my head, nearly suffocating me. How the first families laughed at my trium- phal entry ! Much the same thing happens at White Sand. There is a heavy swell on to the beach, into which we back our boat after dropping a small anchor and letting out many yards of chain. To get ashore dry shod I jump on to "Santo's" back us the waves recede. This boy, who comes from the island of that name, is not up to my weight. He makes a few steps and then falls flat, and the flow of the tide covers us. Santo is jeered a good deal by the crowd ashore for the shaky condition of his knees, and as I laugh the natives laugh also, and Cocari, the chief, greets me with outstretched hands. . An intelligent native this, not unlike Juno, P.M., in appearance, but very unlike him in disposition. He has been an indentured labourer, and recognises the value of work in getting money and tobacco and other things not to be picked up in the bush. Whilst Juno loafs around the store at Port Resolution, blackmailing Gottfrey Kijhn for tobacco, Cocori is acting as agent for the trader here, buying cocoonuts and bossing the labour boys. He is quite a man of busi- ness. Not, let it be understood, that there is any hard work in giving a stick of tobacco for 10 nuts, or in swearing at the boys as they make copra. Still, a certain amount of ap- plication and steadiness is required in this, and it is pleasing to see a native equal to the occasion. Cocari is paid £3 a month and allowances of tobacco and kava. He has three boys from Pentecost under him, whom we brought down in the Caledonia from Port Vila. Their pay is 20 francs a month. These islanders are grave-looking men, with the upper lip shaved, and a general "local preacher" appearance. They don't believe in clothes ; on the trip down Captain Proctor gave them shirts, as he did not "like to see naked niggers" on board his ship, but they have got rid of these now.There are piles of cocoanuts being cracked in the shed, and drying on the battas outside. Much more copra is made here than at Port Resolution, and the Norwegian is having a house erected, intending to live between the two places. He gave Cocari £10 worth of trade for a piece of land, and had drawn up the most comical "Indenture between Gottfrey Kijhn of the first part, and Cocari of the second part," which a lawyer ever saw. I could not be a witness to this, as requested, the consideration having been paid before my arrival, but I can testily that the chief and all the people acknow- ledged that the ground belonged to the Norwegian trader, having received due payment. Divested of all legal jargon, the " indenture" is plain enough in its meaning, and should hold good to Gottfrey Kijhn, his heirs and assigns, for ever. I myself think that natives should give any white man coming to reside amongst them enough ground to live on, but these guileless savages arc smart enough in making a dollar. They give nothing without payment. In his new opera "Manon Descant," now in preparation at the Opera Comique, Paris, M. Massenet is trying an innovation in the combination of melodrama with opera pro- perly so called. There will be spoken dia- ogue, but it will be accompanied by the orchestra throughout. The result of the ex- periment will be awaited with interest. 