A SOLDIER'S CAREER. CHAPTER H. — ( Continued. ) Surprise kept the officers silent. Lien- tenant Parker, who had more ready bravery in him than many a man twice his size, was the first to start from his seat and rash after the form : others followed ; bat it was already gone. They looked outside, and conld see no trace of it : but there were many ins and onts of buildings close by, that might favour con cealment. ' What was it ali ? ' cried Major word. ' Ob, a trick of one of the fellows,' said Henderson : ' nothing else.' ' I don't know.' cried the yonng Irish man. dubiously. ' I hate such tricks. I can fight a host of men hand to hand, and glory in it : bat for these ghosts and omens, I wish the fiend had them alL' 'Did you ever see a ghost Ennis?' asked Captain Lynn, winking at the rest, for tbe lieutenant's superstitions tenden cies were well-known in the regiment, ' What are ghosts like V ' Which of us w. 6 to die, eh ?' cried Major Challoner. ' Every one of us,' cried Bell, making a j ike of it. ' We had better have a batch of will-making, and go to prayers after wards.' ' All, eh ? That's rather too good a jest,' returned the major. ' You and all, Major,' codded Quick silver Peacock, as be was designated among his comrades, from the mercurial tendency he possessed of never being still. ' By George ! the black fellow, ghost or no ghost must think we have got tolerable swallows ! I should like to get at /lis. witb my good sword.' 'Thirteen as brave fellows as ever drew breath 1' laughed Parker. A pretty go if we are to make food forthwith for the vnltnres !' strut tu um aVCUUiito tYltU all our imperfections ' ' If yoa eo on like this, I won't stop with yon,' interrupted the young Irish man. They did go on ; and enjoyed their laugh at him : bnt there was scarcely one heart, brave though they all were, on which the incident had not strnck an uncomfortable feeling, a sort of chili. It was as if they had seen the shadow of death, which stalked on before. CHAPTER ttt- The Sikhs advanced, unconscious of the TTinf-kino riiRhelief of their Ttririet. adversaries, and encamped themselves before the gates of the Ferozepore, an army sixty thousand strong. That they did not make themselves masters of the town was a matter of astonishment then, and will ever remain each. By command of the Governor-General, Sir Henry Hardinge, all the troops that could be mustered together at ITmballah, marched out to meet this force, and to succour Ferozepore. They were headed by the Commander -in - Chie General Sir Hugh Gough, and were accompanied by Sir Henry, who, laying aside his dignity as Governor of India took upon himself a command in the army nnder Sir Hugh. The marches were forced about thirty miles per day. Both men aod officers endured all sorts of hardship ! and privation without a murmur : the ! most painful to be borne perhaps was i- that arising from the want of water, there I being none to be found on the route. On tbe lS:h of December, after some days' j march, they reached the village of Mood- kee about one o'clock at noon, and pro- i ceeded to encamp there, trusting the next davs march would brine them tn Fernve. I pore. But we civilians, in our peaceful country, talk as we may, cannot form adequate idea of the hardships undergone by the soldiers in these Indian plains in time of war : the unconscious British trooper, who has never been out of his own island would scarcely believe in such. Long marches iu the burning 6un, over roads heavy with sand, which, flying in the eyes, goes half- way towards entailing blindness ; or trailing painfully through the entangled jangle and brushwood, with no water, no refreshment, to cool their parched lips. We know not what intense thirst is ; the cravings of real hunge ; the pain of continued and heavy toil. S onetimes, nay often, it happened, through this period of the Sikh war that when the men had arrived at the end of their march, it would be two honrs before the tents and baggage came up. and until they did come there was no chance of refreshment. So the troops, all in a state of physical exhaustion, painful to witness, still more painful to bear, would sink down on the' ground, .utterly .prostrated, beheath the burning rays Of an "Indian sun, or, worsB-etill, jmaCTtoiwtBPfnin, Wee it s setter of surprise that the hospitals were over flowing! But to return to these men we are speaking of They arrived at Moodkee, exhausted with their march and physical privatione, and had barely taken up their station before its walls, when the Sikhs, bore down upon them snd opened s tremendous fire. But weary and unfit for contest as they were, the men bad the spirit of Britons, and rushed forward to meet their powerful enemy. They repulsed and routed them for the time, but witb a fearful loss both of men and officers. They were burying their dead next day, calling over the master- rolls, succouring the wounded, and consoling the dying, when captain Lynn and little Parker ran against Lieutenant Ennfa. ' I say !' cried the Irishman, ' it's be ginning to work itself out We were thirteen, you know, that night at Umballah, and five are already gone.' ' Four,' responded Harry Lynn. ' Wrong Captain. They have just found poor Henderson.' ' Dead !' ' Stark and cold. He was nnder a heap of slain.' On the 21st the army marched out of camp, leaving it standing, and neared Ferozepore, after a march of sixteen miles. Here they met with General Sir John Littler, commanding about five thousand men. The Sikhs were at hand, and the whole company of our troops were at once formed into four divisions, and arranged in fighting order. Bnt again, as in the recent battle of Moodkee, were the nnfortnnate men hurried into action unfit for the contest, hungry, thirsty and weary. The battle of Ferozeshah, as it was called, began under a mntnal assault of i cannon ; but the light artillery of the British was of little avail against tbe heavy gnns of the Sikhs, eo the firing was ordered to cease and the infantry to advance. The Sikh army was strongly entrenched among the jnngle and brash- wood, rendering tbe approach of onr infantry not only difficult bat dangerous. They advanced in line, and charged with the bayonet, but the firing of the enemy was redoubled : and the Sihhs had laid mines, which were now fired underneath our soldiers' feet. Hundreds were thns shattered to pieces ; officers, men, and horses were indiscriminately blown up. The action 6oon raged fearfully, the slaogbter being temble : the heavy can nonade of the Sikhs kept np a continnons roar, overwhelming with destruction the ill fated Europeans ; but the latter were gallant fellows, cheering on each other with their indomitable breasts of valonr, carrying much and overcoming much. The atmosphere seemed alive with bullets ; the roll of the musketry grew deeper and deeper ; the shouts and noise of the combatants increased the con fusion ; above the roar of tbe tempest would be beard the voices of the com manding officers : ' Men of the Europeans, prepare to charge. Charge " and, mingling painfully with the tnmnlt, rose the shrieks of the wonnded and the groams of the dying. Night put a stop to the slaughter Same of the trooDS retired to bivonac a at a little distance bnt considerable numbers of each contending party inter mingled on tbe plain together. But oh ! what a night it was ! The air catting cold ; no tents, no covering, no food for the exhausted soldiery, who had been sixteen hours nnder arms, and, worse than all, no water! Many a wounded man died that night for want of it There was very little medical assist ance, for the numbers wonnded were too great to allow of mucb, and the shades of darkness were upon tbe earth. And so there they lay, poor fellows, groaning in their agony ; no lioen to bandage np their wounds ; no pillow to lay their beating heads npon, save the dead bodies that crowded there, and the horses that were slain. It was a ghastly sight, that field of battle, as seen, by the glimmering of some solitary torch ; it would be more ghastly still in the coming moonlight. The forms of the dead lay stiffened and rigid as they had fallen, the sharp ex pression of anguish yet conspicuous on the livid, npturned faces. Officers and men, Sikhs and British, had fallen there together, peaceful towards each other in ucHui, iouogu raej wre nut so in Ah ! they were equal now : the officers, some perchance of noble family, who had been reared luxuriously, and the men, who, it may be, had never known a home, or an asylum worth the name of one. The ope class had received no more care than the other in dying : there was no wife or mother to soothe their agonies of body, no priest to administer calmness to the soul ; equal as they would be in tbe next world, eo had been the last scene of their lives in this. Bnt striking more painfhlly still npon the heart of the beholder, himself hitherto spared, came the incessant cries of the departing— of : those who might have been saved ; the vain cry that went np around for water ; and the anguished, unanswered calls for assistance, the sharp, eager qnestion of were they to be left there, among the dead, to die ! In a part of the field, near to the camp of the Governor General, reclining on the ground in their arms, was a group of officers. When you last saw some of these, it was at that convivial night-meeting at Umballah. All were uut uiei« ui luai iiiirceeii j live ma Oeeli | slain at Moodkee, and three more in that 1 day's carnage. Leaving five : bnt two j'of those eve were wonnded, .it was | thought mortally. | ' I say !' cried Lieutenant Bell, who ; had been nursed in blue and silver at bis mother's apron string, and had never known a care iu the world, save that of his handsome face, ' we were all calling out for a taste of the battlefield, but I don't admire snch rough work as this.' ' Bough enough,' commented Major Challoner. ' But there's the glory, you know, BelL' ' Egad, Fd rather have another sort of glory, than what's to be got fighting with these demons of Sikhs. ' If they were hut an honourable, open foe, meeting yon hand to hand, it would be something like. Who would have laid a powder- magazine under our. feet, to blow, us up wholesale, save those sneaking cowards of heathens ! All stratagems are fair in war, they say.' 'Stratagems be shot 1' muttered the lientenant wrath fully. I think 'those prolific- brained enthusiasts who rave eo;: much of the glories rif jWar, Major, ex- i qjjyiwwIftiliwiMi , vmm, put in a little about its horrors. What was that cry !' 'Only a death-shriek,' said Major Challoner. 'Ugh !' shivered the young man. How ghastly the heaps of slain look in the moonlight V ' Why, yes,' cried the Major. ' One who faints at the sight of blood had best go away from a field when the battle's over. I freely admit that it wants the excitement of engagement to keep one's spirit above zero.' ' Do yon know, resumed the lieutenant, ' tbe scene has several times to-day pnt me in mind of a war-description of Byron's' ! It's in a short poem, or frag ment, of his, called The Devil's Drire' Do yon know it !' ' Not I," growled Major Challoner, poetry's not in my line : never read a verse iu my life. It may be in yonre.' ' It is a glance at the battle of Leipsic. He watches the red blood running in such streams from the mountains of slain, that the field ' looks like the waves of HelL' The ' he ' being the Devil, yon know.' ' Ah,' cried the Major, ' very likely. It partakes more of the Devil's work than angels'.' ' Hark at the moans of those poor wretches, dying for water ! Ugh !' shivered the yonng man again, ' how damp it is !' ' And bitter cold. Lynn, how are you V A groan was the only answer Major Challoner received. Captain Lynn had been dangeronsly wonnded in the leg with grape- shot. How's the pain !' ' Oh don't talk about the pain, mur mured poor Harry Lynn. ' If I could bnt have some water !' Handreds echoed the cry that night in vaio. Major Challoner moved away on a work of succour. Exhausted though he might be, and necessary as repose was to him, he conld not hear those wails for help aronnd, and lie down to his own rest. There came np to the spot soon afterwards, making his way over the prostrate bodies, . the yonng Irishman, Ennis. ' Lynn ! Bell T he cried, eagerly, by all that's tone, I have seen it again P 'Seen what!' asked Captain Lynn, rousing himselt momentarily from his agony. ' That bird of ill-omen : tbe black form — ghost, banshee, or whatever it might be — which appeared to us that night at Umballah.' ' Don't be a fool, retorted Bell, savagely, disturbed out of tbe sleep into which he was falling. ' Yonr superstit ions absurdities are not wanted to-night, Ennis ; we've horrors enough without them.' ' I swear I saw it ! I swear it by the blessed Virgin ! The same black, shape- I less fignre. It'6 dodging about the field, as if it were seeking something amongst the dead.' ' I wish you were dodging amongst the dead !' growled the handsome lieutenant. ' Why did you not stop in Ireland along with yonr banshees, if yon are so fond of them ? Yonr teeth are chattering now.' « Wltk u i J m - i " A -U vvlU| olloWvivU JBiUu1D| U8o tily. ' But I must go back : I am on the staff in the place of poor Bellassis. _ Lynn, can I change yonr posi tion before I go !' Towards the hoar of midnight, Captain Lynn, between his paroxysms of pun, had dropped into an uneasy dose, when some movement aroused him The dark ehape, spoken of by Identenant Innis,was bending over him. Donbting if he were awake, or whether it were not a delusion of the imagination cauBed by the conversation of his brother officers, he rubbed his eyes and gazed np at it : when the 6gure threw back the dark cowl and disclosed to his astonished sight the features of the yonng Asiatic. ' Good Heavens, Agee ! What brought — how came you here V ' I told you I would share your fate, whatever it might be,' she whispered. ' Tou talked of separation, and I let you talk, keeping to my own resolve. I assumed this disguise .that night of Umballah, hoping to" frighten yon from marching against the Sikhs. And when I found it was nseless, and yon left, I followed in the track of the regiment : out i could not come np with it till this night' 'It was not yonr voice that spoke to to ns that nigbt at UmballahP exclaimed Captain Lynn bewildered with her words. 'It was my voice ! but I epoke through a small bone instrument in use amongst the Sikhs, something like a ring : so that none could recognise it to be the voice of a woman. I have come now to save yon. I will find yon a sore asylum amonget my countrymen. Rise, and fol low me.' 1 shall never rise again, was his reply. ' I am severely wounded.' ' Wounded !' ehe uttered, in an accent of deep horror. 'But you must not stay iu this spot : it is certain destruc tion.' ' Destruction anywhere for me. Why in this spot .more than iu another.' I have wandered amongst the Sikhs unmolested this night,' she whispered, speaking my own tongue. They have just foand out the nlace where jour chiefs are encamped, aud are hastening back to fire on it. This is tbedirect line. If on must not remain here.' ' To fire on the camp 1' he screamed. 'Bell!' But the young lieutenant slept heavily. « Bell ! Bell !' continued Cap tain Lynn. What are you .about to do !' cried Agee, wildly. » Would yon betray me— what have I told yon !' 'Betray you? no, no, I don't mean that. Sink down here by my side, Agee; the light does not give here, in the shade of the hillock.' He pulled her down with one hand, and managed, though he conld not stir his maimed leg, to stretch ont the other till it touched the . lientenant. who partially aroused himself Bell! Bell! fly to the campL The enemy are npon them, -opening thrir guns. Bell, T say!' What gunB f cried the sleepy lieu tenant. raising .himself into a sitting posture. Guns ! Whet® ere our ecpots and sentinels thrail v-Have we none Ont 1 ' v". ' Are yon a coward? migrated. Captain Lynn; 'every momentihat yon wastefa ) worth a Jew's ransom:. Fly forynnrjife, ! and arouse Ae al iildyoa liare the iwippjNJWfsdl' v- " ' ' The lieutenant, folly aroused now to the sense of the words, started up in haste to do his mission. Captain Lynn turned to that dark fignre by biB side. ' Now, Agee ! quick ! can you make your escape.' ' As I have dung to thee in life, so will I in death,' she murmured. ' What think you, will existence be for me hence forth, that yon should wish me to remain in it V 'This is madness,' he exclaimed, in much excitement 'Agee ! ' Boom ! — boom ! — boom ! rolled the thnnder of the Sikhs' heavy gun. It had commenced its work of destruction. Captain Lynn supporting himself on bis elbow as best he could, turned his head to look after his messenger. Even in that very moment, as be gazed, a shot overtook the young lientenant. With a wild, pierciog cry, that reached and rang in the ear of Captain Lynn, be leaped some feet into tbe air. It was tbe last cry that ever came from pi «r William BelL He was shot right through the heart. Captain Lynn, amidst all the 6moke and the dismay and the confusion that now reigned around, was conscious of a moan beside him : bnt not for a few minutes was he aware that tbe unhappy yonng lady who lay there had received her death wooed. ' Oh Agee ! this is fearful !' he cried, almost beside himself witb horror. 'And I am helpless — helpless 1' he despairingly wailed, wildly throwing his armB np, in vain efforts to move, ' I cannot bear yon hence to safety and to encconr !' 'There is no sncconr for me,' she returned in hollow tones, 'my soul is fleeing. Bnt oh, Henry ! which dost thou thiuk is more welcome to me — to live on in perpetual dread that thou wilt desert me for another, or to sink quietly to death thus .by thy side !' The camp so startlingly aroused from its temporary security, sallied nut against the Sikhs, but not uotil fearful havoc had been committed. The whole of the staff with tbe exception of Captain Hardinge, were killed or disabled. Sir Heury ordered ber Majesty's 80th Foot and the let European Light Infau'ry to the attack, who drove back the enemy and Epiked their gun. What were the reflections of Captain Lynn as be lay there through the night, with the dead body of the young eirl resting against him! Not such that can tend to soothe the conscience of a dying man. He felt that tbe career bestowed on him from above was over, and how had he worked it ont I He saw things clearly now : : the near approach of death dashed away tbe scales from hisleyes, and denuded his conscience of its worldly sophistries. The recollection of the life he bad led came pre-sing on his brain. He knew it was not one that fitted him to stand at that judgment- bar whitber he was hastening, to which her spirit had already flown : andj it may be, in those closing hours, in bis soul's sharp tribulation, that he wailed forth an agonised petition for renewed days, like unto one we read of — not that be might return to his years of vanity but that he iiuguti obuve iv tcueeiu me (latu dui no : the son went not back for him. Witb daylight, the battle was renewed. The conflict raged with redoubled fury, and the slanghter on both ' ides was great. Victory appeared at length to favour the British, and tbe engagement, it was thought, was over. Our troops began to collect their wounded aud bury their dead, when, suddenly, a force of the enemy, thirty thousand strong, ennsistine of cavalry and tbeir camel-corps witb swivels, bore down upon them. The in fantry drove them back at the point of the bayonet, amidst showers of round and grape. The British forces were certainly at this moment in a critical position : all their ammunition was expended, and they had not a single gun wherewith to answer the enemy. Thirty thonsand fresh troops and a heavy cannonade brought to bear upon oar exhausted, and, as far as artillery went, defenceless soldiers ! Yet strange to say, at sight of some threaten ing manoeuvres, tbe Sikhs fled, leaving the British in possession of the field and of much of their artillery. And thus, in tins strange manner, ended the sanguinary battle of Ferozeshah. You don't want to hear of many each, do you ! ' A well > a well P broke forth, in shouts of exultation, from some handreds of British voices soon after the fighting was over. It was really true : they had discovered one in front of the village tbey had taken. Bitter disappointment 1 the water was putrid, it having been half filled with their dead by the Sikhs. Nevertheless, it was greedily partaken of : general officers, poor soldiers, all pressed round to drink. Horrible !' shudders the dandy, sipping his claret at home. It teas horrible : bat when yoa, my dear sir, shall have experienced the blearing of a forced march nnder ao Indian eon, winding up with a hot engagement of eix-and-twenty hoars at its end, with out a drop of moisture having gone into your parched lips, yon will not turn away from even putrid water. Two only remained out of the thirteen officers of Umballah memory, Ciptain Lynn and the young Irishman, aud they were wounded unto death. Major Chal loner and Captain Peacock had that day fallen. The Asiatic girl, when she pre tended to . foretel their doom, knowing nothing of it, gave a pretty good.guess at tbe extent of the carnage. They, the two yet living, had been drawn aside from the dead, and were lying close to each other, amidst a whole crowd of wounded ; and the agony of their wounds was even as nothing compared with that arising from their distressing thirst 'Lynn,' cried the Irishman, who re tained bis superstition to the last, ' we can sympathise with Div-s now, when he taka' for Lazarus to dip the tip of his finger in water and. come and cool his. tongue. It has been aa unlucky fight for us : there was no escaping out fate" ' We have earned laurels, you know,' returned Captain Lynn, with half mock ing bitterness on his lip. : Poor -Harry Lynn! take it for all in all, his was a cruel "fate, and bis heart was fulL 'And lost life,' retorted Bonis. For my part, I expected the bullet that struck me, after what I saw yesterday.- YOn matterhf-fact Anglicans . don't' .stoop to believe in death-warnings. Perhaps I may. .see it again before I die : hot it xnustmake haste.' ' . 1 > A paier shade, if that conld be, came over the face of Gaptain Lynn, and be pressed "bis hands upon bistemplea He wae about toapeak, aboot to 'tell Earns again, wben a wild, shonting-noise in the distance stopped his words. ' What's all that f' inquired Identenant Ennis of a soldier who approached, carrying something in his hand. It was a man belonging to Captain Lynn's corps. ' We have been rummaging over the Sikh entrenchment, sir,' was the reply, ' and in it we have fonnd tbe mess stores which they had captured, intended for the Bengal Native Infantry. There was a lot of beer in it — so glorinns ! It is being dealt out,. and I have brought yon some.' The officers raised their earnest eyes, their parched, eager lips, and a rush of joy, almost frantic in its excess, illumined their dying features. ' God be thanked ! — He is with us still, Lynn,' reverently spoke Eunis, as he fell back, after drinking of tbe sweetest draught he had ever yet tasted, ' we can now die in peace. Gcffi be thanked P 'Amen,' responded Harry Lynn. 