Bensml %m% EKTERrAixKErs1. — Ottr readers are reminded of the entertainment to take place iu tbe Institute liall to-morrow evening in aid of the Debating and Criiket Clubs. A really capital programme has been prepared, con sisiiug of several pieces of vocal aud instru mental music by welJ-knuwu amateurs aud two popular farces. We hope to see a very large attendance. SotTTEEKN CociisisG Clce. — Attention is called to an alteration in Ibis week's adver tisment relating to this club's approaching matches in reference to the distribiii ion of the prizes. The amended anunujiceinent shows that each dog is to receive £1 for every course it wins, and £5 and a tropby valued at £5 is to he given to the highest winner iu addition, the ruuncr up also re ceivirig so extra £5. Stkathalbitn asd Mount Baiikek Eaii. way — The whole of Messrs. Walker and rtwau'd staff of navvies has been removed from the Mount Barker end of the line to Strathalbyn, the bulk of the men being now engaged iu heavy cuttings on Mr. Stirling's properly. Shipments op Fnurr to the English MjLhkxx. — The following suggestions have been sent from England, and are published for the benefit of intending shippers of fruit The agents of the Orient line at the various .ports hare been instructed to adopt the recom mendations as to stowage, and to make the freight as reasonable as possible, in order to encourage a trade which is but in its infancy. ' As to packages and packings. — Id size they shuuld hold about one bushel, and should be either cases or casks ; it is most iinportaut to pack tight. If paper shavings were pot above and below, it would not require every apple to be packed separately in papers, which is a very tedious ^process. As to sorts aud samples. — Senders should confine themselves to firm fleshed 'apples of good quality, Eub 'bish it will never pay to send. Cleopatras, Dummelow, Seeding, 'stone Pippins and others oi* that class are tbe kinds to send, and great caro fcb'Juia ba taken to select only suund, large, even-sized fruit. Shipments nhjtxli not be made after the end of April, as fruit is not wanted beyond the middle of Juue, by which time English soft fruits ace ia the market, The Illostbated Papebs. — Bothu tho Sketdier and tbe Adelaide News bave come to hand, and we note that with each paper two ?colored supplements are given. We cordi ally recommend the papers to oar friends. The Lord Bishop or Adelaide passed through Strathalbyn yesterday en io*U to the bomb-east, where he will remaCn for some weeks inspecting all the churches ia that part of the colony. Kifle Matcil- A very interesting rifla competition took place in connection wuh the South Australian Kifle Association 1 1 ft! range, Henley Beach, on Tuesday. It ^Z a smallbore match, in which eight members of the association took part, the ranees beimr 800, 900, and 1,000 yards. Some Sa* ordinary shooting was made, Mr. fi. Robert son, of Bookmark, Kiver Murray, scoring 148 out of a possible 150 at 800 and 900 yards The shooting generally was excellent, es pecially at the two shorter ranges, a drizzlinir interfering with the scoring at 1,000 vard« - Mr. A. McFarlaneof Wellington, 'carried off the first prize and a special trophy presented in connection with the match ior tho hitrhest score st 1,000 yards.— Advertiser. The Weather is now fine, but it seems likely that rain will fall ere the day is out there being every indication of a cbanr/e*. teed is now plentiful in every part of the district. * bouriiERN- Ooumito Ctcs.-The second field meet of the season is to take place on VVedr.csday, 20th inst., and following days I' or particulars see advertisement elsewhere. PAWjAMEiii wig formally opened bv the Governor on Thursday \m. Tile o/mi speech ib published elsewhere. A Wjse Deacon. — ' Deacon Wilder I want you to telt me how you kept younelf aud family so well tbe past seaion. whtn all the rtet of us have been sick so much, and h ivt had the doctors running to us eo often.' ' JiioUitr Taylor, the auBweris very easy. I used Hop Bttttrs iu time, and kept my family well, and saved large doctor's bills. Four (?.hillings' worth ot it kept us all well and able to work ail tiifc ti:ne, and I will warrant it had cost you and most of the neighbours £10 to £100 apiece to keep sick the same time. I fancy you'll take my medicine hereafter ' Sec. GHOSTS.— An attempt is being made ia the oH couuiry to rtnve the btiief in\\-isi:ant£ from another world, and maty are the wondenul ttorjes tbst fi J Homuof tliejvu tiaii. The tceptical raiud ia, however mciiue . to ad.411 scroop's remark to Marty's shout - ,' aVJ°} ku0' liJf l ?'' are not a bit of undigested bread f for, of all the ghost producers, a bit of heavy' Sread ia tUe most poamt. It is a wonder therefore, that people do not adopt ths snrcrt spell agam,t ghosts by u»in,- liorwick's Gold Medal Jjuk:ng Powder in making bread; for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' it viiU raise bread in the moat admirable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by nun, aad every good housewife bays it. 