LOVE'S IDOLS. Tho old houseo opposite wavs lt nt lust, 11nd we girls rIjoiced r't d.ly over the tact, mnd wter aW c?riouns as women generally are to smi thle mw OCCcpnlmnts and draw conchlsions s t whother they would provo desirable neighbors. But though we watched lbr tl~eir coin ing, we did not witness it, for they arrived just beforo nuidnlight, one . stormy night, anid thlouglh I craned my heed out of the wiundow and ran the risk of takini mly d,'athl-cohl, J could only see twv. dark figures, muiled closely, 4topfrom a close carringe and enter the old oakeni door of the long deserted Imuse. Nor did we sea 'ny thing the next day to stisfl' us Ihout the untw nei.ghboursI. n ekherly woman with a weathor-hbetenl , but kindly face, went nbout the rqiams put-t ting them in order, and a Young womlun of about twenty ?esisted her. It was plain to he seen that they were mother and daug htor, for they were strikingly alike in spite of the difference in years, and it was alst pliinly to be seen that Ithey were servants, Speculation was rifet as to the tttis tress or master. Who could it be? Blt days nud oven weeks went by and all that we learned was hltat the hotal? had been rented by Mlit Lorell, hbt we never uaw her1 Wthether she was old or young pr.etty or aglywo did nout kiow. r ho never wetlt anywhere; and tite se' •ants were retioent atd l did thleir errands outsido the house quickly and quietly. I used to sit in my roomt in the evening, in the dusk, and watch thte Jillse over nte way, wondering Wlat ýmystery it contained, what sorrow or trouble. I pictured Miss Lorell as a tall, pale, elderly woman, and I woeavod about her iman.y romance. It was a bleak night in October tliat J was sitting by tho window as usual. Mlother had gone to the lycoum lecture and taken Lulie and Jennie with her, and I was quite alone. It was quite dark, but still I saw the elderly servant come hurriedly from the opposite house and crosf the street. To my surprise sho rang our hell; and of courso I naswered it myself, being too impatient to wait for Mary to come. " Will you coma over to Miss Lor eli's ?" the wovman asked, " I need help, and am obliged to call on you, Plelaso come lit ollCe," I Went right ovor without waiting for a cloak or bonnot. The woman adpened the door and led me up a richly carpeted stairway to a large, old-fash, inned bedroom, which was, however, fhunished in modern style. On a richly embroidered sfai lay a woman in a dead faint. J lnow at once that thiS must be Miss Lorell, but how different she ws,' from the vision I had conjured up. Tall, slender and finely formed, with a face of marvellous beauty, and slender whito hands croseed upon her breast, Clouds of hair of the yellowest gold drifted over the sofa pillow and fell to The floor, while the eyebrows and lanshes were dartn: s night. IBut you nmy be sure 1 did not stand gazing on her, for the old woman lptained thllat her daughter was away, and that " Miss Ethell having one of her Spelli, she needed help to put her into ,t warm bath, thil only thing which wuuPld revive her," I,, 1 11 t nig 1010I DeIOPe WHM p. groat dark eyes opplied, and the pule lips moved, hut at lhst we were able to lay our patient ion thi bed, and to knowv ihat she was conscious ngaiin. Her first words startled me. " Why did yiou not let' le die?" shl. mnurimured. I, Ellen, Ellei, you ,'ireo so cruel! I was hatlpy then, why did yto,; not let me die ?" " Hush, hush, Mliss Ethel," aid tlie o1ld wuman,, louding over lier, anfl speaking as one would to.a fretful chill. " I have a stranger here." Ethel Lovrell raised herself on her elbow, and gzizil wildly around, A.t list her glance fell on me, and ti- looki ofit muaiao canie into those great dark ' It is Gporianoa !" she .hriueked. " How d'.re.I you bring her h'r'et,- Gir' away, filsf., wickctl girl ! You wie never my frieun ! I ditsis', v., !" "Xvny, now Miss Ethel," smid old Ellen, trok-ing hnek tlho hi.k golden ]mir f:-nnm the white brow. " It is not Nkiss Georgiman. It is Miss Rebecca Waite, wiho lives in the hnuse opposite. " Robcca !" repeated .Mis. Lorell, in a plMintive tone. My mothler's nmme was Rebeccn, Comi. here to ius, child. No; you arc not Georgiainf Carwell, but you look lihk her. Still, I will not hate yon for that, for you have my iiotlher's namr1," This wiis the mannetin whicl I became acquainted with Ethel Lorell, and soon (11r iicqaint, aiiic riponed into a warm attachmint. I could see that she was very lonely, and I was only too, glad to be with her, sing and iIl.ay to her andl *talk of my echiooldays. niiil mny mates. I was sevonteen and sIeO was twenty-. seven, but-in spite of the top years bea tween us we were like doear. sisters' to each othler. She never lehf thel house exeollt to wnndn in ,. ll ,,,,.i' ^1,1 garden with the high wull w lich lan .at hlio back' of tho. house, and wliere she \Yns screened frothn observation. Here Slhe would sit beneath the treeq when tlth spriing aineo on,; anid gazed Straight nhsad of her withou. evidently seeing .nything In her" great danrk. eves there was al ways a weary, hpoll.e look aR if everytlling in life was a bnurdeil. She w as rich and bcautifl alnd I ,used .to think how differant a life .'?e might have led if she would bu.t ?irowi ofl'lth gloom which suirronided, her. 'Shi wonlu not: make any more .Iriencs, Wan 5 .H ot evn rn,, IN.J. mother and. Ldlie ?mld h1muni, 'to.?.ia her' Shei aid sllo..wn ns tntut:with, Sme, nndi tlhat society had loat rii.ht of : er, and that it no long ,r iossesed iany attraction for her. ' Occasiopallyl I was distressed and maddinecd bIy the thunting ntttlcks ýlm.ich caiemo upon hr which nmwyns seeimed ii unsettle her min d for fa 1 .v ,nonmete mafter she wa?s re'turm',d to conSilOslcSii, Dl)mring tlmeo" f?mw motimnt tm sh ici riv.i mthlly alhu.:ld to the Golmnignna Otirwell of Whom I had.henrd the first time I metl her, mnd womld s}hiiko her fist mt' me, Ii if wild with mlic'.? andm Id mill mm ;creel and baser Then cite would say ·i~y w1hen 1 lIen t'nlbccI to her, '! 0, it is Only myv owin littin Rnleuca; antl .itll to I never askdhray uein I ultout Itolbl'.I ~(Ii hr Oil) quo'stiono shou,~t henrself. ' I crtllpec'c'd 'her Purimi~ too witth ll 'ir tht, let, I qsr'd to ivotule'd whetIhuh blihtedIL tlhis fito IuIouIng liit so cruelly. Oneo day in Jutne I found hoe sittintg tnder an old apple tree, hor white Itanids lying as tital in her hIp, Ihop eyes stltting yatitntly at Iniuing. She wtay in snect doii tougltI tlhe she shu'tod violently wlhen I. latidFty ihttud on hit armn. " 101 W'ere nt; ' l c 1ct1llUn' 1110, 1jthIl ?" I said. I iwlays oalled her by her Christiall un1ne, fbr sho lid .re q1etecd .in to do n o' " It is pihst your hour," sheo tn swored dreamily, " Yes ; hiut my conuil (liuhde is cniung to-day, antd ,vo 11ad to m.l0o prnparations--", . I was Btartiled 1)by a gapig cry. Ethel Lorell lid hf hner ind havily on my shoulier. hier eyes woer blazhiiin violent ahuddera pa,sMug over Iher framo " Olaudo U sho said in a fitrm intense tone. "Do yon mean , hnuldo lhia8 koll V" " No my cousin Cladle Mynaid, I do notl know who 01hiIdo lia?ikU is,'' Site satink hnoalk agin into tha rustic sent anid closed helr eyes, I saw thait her fhco wa. wihiter* than usual, iand thait her lips woro of a bluish ilinge. " .Rebecca." sho i id iinr lust, I four seven year4 I haiv.booet trying t teach myself to forget, For seven years I hIve hidden myself firom the world nuld tried to crush every memory of the past from mind and heart. It is' in vain.'' " Robeccn," sho ssnil, "if you want to ho.happy, never love. Love brings misery instead of happiness. And yet I was once happy. You oanno.t till how I idolized him-t:ml. do Iliskdll. O, my love! where art thou now 1" "Did hl diet 1 asked, as it death could bring the greateot sorrgw to a womlan's heart. " No; he deceived nme,'" nodl her voice was almost harsh. ' I loved him diest for his beauty, and then for his heart. And he was veiy kind to me. lie said iihe loved me. Now, .I i?now it was mly money he loved, not me. Our wedding daiy was filed, my elaborate t r"eseanl prepared, when my cousin Georginnt COerwell came to visit me to net ilas my tide't(Iilniii ttll'rO \wVeeks liater How often miy heart isVas sttl.lhd lthen I She was not beautiful, butl, thero was a strange ltascinatio about I her, Sho was a Circe, a flirt, and slh won Ilia heart frQn too. But I would. not believe that Claude lhiid ceased to care for mie, and so three days befreo the day sot flr the wedding I ran upl to my room with a ligh:t eart and ar!ayed m?ysel in lmy bridal tress and v'il. I wantedl Uloude to see me dressed in t.ifs way beli,roo the wedding. Mly heart was ligit asI fastened the vwaxn orulango bl solmnes hi my eoil and hlosll? , ndil tcillg in lny hIld thli whlite, deli cately-featlhered fin, ran lightly l'own to the parlor to show myself otff ' No int nition told imn that it was the last Inoluonl ctf hlappinoss for ne, that nmy heart would lie heavv ever after, 1 entered tce larlor, end there, standing by a window in the tldskv light, 1 saw my allianced husband, the Clnude I had waist of G,0orgians Car-eil. iHer g,.lcefll, golden head lay on. his shoul der, and I heard him call her his dcark n:u, and his heart's love, anl curse tlh, hday he had ever seen me--and I loved him so passionately. I went forward and laid my Ihitnd on his shoulder, lind hey slpag apart. I mikst have looked, like a ghost, the in the dusk in mny hri ,!l .rohes. I tock the" ring lhe had given me off inytfinger. Thlere,' I said, ! you are free forever more. Marry my consin Georgina. I will nor stand in the way. of vyoir happiness.' Then a cloud seemed to conco over my eyes, and I felt myself dlliiig, fulling--and knew no miore. Wheen I recovered consciousness again I was ivaluVy owa ltoilu. I.ctle to mIly senses tbdliing the omi?ie. dfmy cousin GeOnginnn, and then they told mn, that i hi:l ibeen ill three months, that my cousin haId gone back- to lier hnhom, anid Olande hIid followed lic.:" ". Did heo: ?nirr liher " I asked, as Pthel's voice died away. ".No," ':he answered, fiercely," 'slhe laughed at him, saying she had blen only flirtig, ,jut to 0eo how fond. ho. was of 1110. I lind boa.ted to her of his love fir mnoe,'nd ' htl hlil tiied the ineal noid lIft un desolate. * I could litve forgiveni her if slih had mlarriiid him, and miado him hlipip, but I hate her now. She playud with hlMin, imiocked him, utiited and rejected hinim, and hi went to India. I have nrvve?r seen hinm sinco, or' heard of hiim, 11 ) mniy ba dead;i SIhc.i. miried to. \ial cotton inorchntit, hnd lives in 'Iuxry.I Thoe -?vckd aroe no Fowarded. accordili" to their ddsoert,' D. you, wonhler th at I try to 'dug'p my liemorios.'- 0, they Iainlt m ever, not 'only in: the ' dead ?"untppy -i lirt,' but coenaslessly. I loved hin so"blind'ly, I ididizod hini! woilld'-liiavo irde tihy sacrifice for his lppindss. I sacielfled mnyself, iand yet only soanured hiinr:Iniiery," So tiNs whas 1EthelLorlel's Rtorv. This was what lihad hlighted and, ruihod lher lilt, ad nmilde her desolate.' Shlip wavs naIomann o'.f:stronig fcelings, mid muplchhert. Tlure was ain intonsity ' in er tlioiugits, a bittoIness which autmnst drove her mad. Pirhlit, poit , desolrte lqieture, she vwould'l Ive be'n i'i an Ayliun before many: more v yeia .had nnt ut l nticilto, '" ;' SMy couin.luhdinie Mavnard, wns in the irmy. 1o lie tiivelled froone point S.to; another, il miad ldianly lquainii timaces,'. Bfore; lie lplt o'ur lpl.siint hipme, lie hiniidsted on my going with *uliit to th'liOino of a ily. ffriu'r.d-a I istant, colui-to Imy I shlaort vi?it. I; i ,y a?,? vll itete ,',?o" ?ht,:. l won engaged, to p-Claulod;i d'like ihst giils Shoy nidulgo i4'ltha luxury o0 a, pver, was wi!llig to dli anldt uu ?thnig to 101140 n" y.y "id,,I ........ I... I " . .a. :1 Veiiuivud it Mris. DpminndOa tte in,, the evening. As we ontered thei iarlr . lftnr lakinIg irsolrls preson 3 tllll., a h ill, la d iiil.in ii n roal. frouii thi 0m rasureno , wt aindow aid cuamo' forwiud. . ." ly dear M1lLa.d, fI am very glad to see Vyou, ??, Desmond said you wP'e to ho lioro fot few days." " lIh l|, loh( fellow !" my. cousin exclaitied, aind tiatu introducttd tme to Mr. Olaude IInsh'll. So this was watl itan 1 who had rained Ethel's life, foew siugular liat I Fhould meet hini! H]o looked oonsidor ably over thlirty,'iand his hair was quite gray over the temples. Ho, too, looked as thiouogh ih oys irs had brought Biftoor ing and not hapiiness to himn. Iad ho mourned tho filsoness of Georgiana 1 or did ho regrot having laid wnsto poor Ethil's lifoe Was hlie mariod ? I wanted to know every particular con corning himn. Cousin Olaudeo, during: tho ovonfng, uienitioned oip'enggemoient to his friohd, nod then anQ11onould otia'MAn to Rn r ei you a mnarricild mioo,~ Mr. ITusknlla ' . f Noe," lie roplied-. I am just. back from India, whero I- have heim f(or ;coven yemas, I shall never m arry, now." W\as he' thimkinig of Et.lbel I Perhaps thi fmasciumting, fhhse Georgmnumi was ini .his mind as hem spoke. " hopmim you haven't been jilted," hamihiod my consin, in his mirry, trana: mha tuor. f You nun too young to reumin apfnsolhmash fot' thto rest of your life'-timmim, Ihurskehh.'' " You hiad hettce secludes yourself frome the wummld as that ,Vism-a- iss whmat's her intmmme, Rabecca ? I moan the lomively ldy living oppposite youtt' Imeosm', with onl' thte twou servaunts." 1(0, never emin hIlm amne,' I said in 11n Igony of dittre, Tfo L tiln( 1nevl tild ii-'uy one,, niot oven Clindo, Ethol E'roLll's story. " \Why not " asked my cousin. ."Ah, I recollect it now- liss . Loroll." Claudel Iinskell started to his feet. ".Lorell !" lie exclaimed. "Is it Ethel Lerell " . "Yes, it is," I ansivered. "Tell me iabout her," he cri.d in an excited voice.. ' I have been homo fiomn India four months, anti ovory dlay have made inquiries coneourning her. Toll mo' 0where and' how she is, for heaven's sake." So I toldl him all I know, and he wnas terribly atfleted. " W\oul siho foigivo me n " hoe isked. 't Would she marry mo now I". " I)o you love her now 1 or would yon marry herfrotdni pity I" I asked,. "I love her'as my very life," ho cried. " I was infatuated wvith her cousin, and ti month aftoi I was in India, despised her heartily. But I did not thlink Ethel would forgive me, I wrote to her twice, bts on?ver recbived anl answer, so staid on there dosolato.?" " e She 'noer received your letters, and you could not lie as desolate as she S"It so will onily fergive me, I .will mako nmends for anl," he saiid, The nraext daiy hle loft us to sbe1k Ethel, ani wheon I inext eaw her she, wis ns n difl'erenim ing., for she hid ffirgiven aiid bforgotton the p1) t.--FLol1ixs II, htX'y, ill ,the Daiibrlf, W s,,i'. 