I)El;L'\TI~N(\ SOII'I'IES. The usual weekly mieeting of the North .Melbourne Literary and I)ehlat ing Society was held ont Friday evenintg hlot, in the Presbhterian sehlol-room, I lus-stret. Mr ...l . Longmore oeca ied the chair. Tl'hre was a good it tendante of :iltie tland g'etlelltei. hr1. David Blair delivered his cehl - brated lecture entitled " A moral study .f Macbeth." Mr. Blair said that the copy of M3acheth he hehl in his hand was intended for use in Scotch school'. was edited by a Scotch schoolmaster, :lid puhlished by a Scotch house. The fact proved that even in Scotland the dramia is now recosnisedl as ,t, agency of intellectual culture, and that the ban hlas teen taken pflT stage lllays. Aother fact worth tmettiotiag was that so tarkil are the thouIght ,tttl latiguatge in tihis play that although the edititon is itlenlded fotr public school reading ,by Ibys and younttg Iadies ontly twenty- two luies icere requiired to bloeomitted, tand even tltse lines 'contained nothing offenusive to the adult ,nlsculine mind. Of Shiakesp aret's four great tragedies " ITadet" is the tragedy of thought; "Macloet" the tragedy of action;" "Othello" the tragedy of tilt, assittOs, and " Leah" tihe tragedy of the dtmlestic affection.. Add these four elements together tatd subtract their stun frot, tlhe total aggregate of hTuman iunterests aud activitie-s ail what remains ? Nothing but a slight malrgin of the hunuorou s and trivial of humtan life." This fact that these fitu superb produethions cover as onte nays' saly the whole lield o huitan exitetce aund experience-stamips themt at once tis the prodtucet of a transeendent intellect, aud as beuing w nthy of deep antd continuous studly by all cultivated AIhab tand dzehel. and that of lerod and Ilerodnaltn for Macheth himself the story of lineal. But it may fairly ie said that n.sme even it these epiisodes in divine history equ.l the story of Maclieth in point of dramatic intensity. I,, ntlukiltg l muoral analysis of this play w are struclk with the supernatural agencies brought lponit the sceue. The witches which lure Machetth to his de struc'ttion are intetndled to represent tite invisibtle evil inllueneis which are continually active in the hutant wtorld. and who wsork such atwfil moral ha'vo upon the race. In this point Shakes peare is i exact acc ord with the writers of the New Testament. Then atgain the supernatural temptationI is aided and fortilied h titat of a humllt agenlt-the fated Thane's own wife. This point is strikingly true to lttuman experienee. Another remarkable point is the tmatner in lhich the great dramatitst t gives actual realisation, invisible embotdimentu to tile higihly- wroutght feelings of the guilty 3ltacieth. This alsoi is true to huullati experience, andll is shown it tile Dagger Scee and in the appearaOc., of Iltuleos ghost at athe banqtuet. 'The colutrrenlte o sufperntatutratl and human templtatiton brings about that appalling catastrophe, the tragedy of the human soul. The developmutet of sin in the soul is wrought out with masterly truth to natittte. Guilty ambition, though suce.sful, always brings its own N'e,,sis at last. " Lust. when it has conceived, bringethlt forth sin, atnd sin, when it is finished, britgeth forth death." The progress of crime froit the first sugges tions of evil thoughts to the fitnal agonies of remtorse and despair, is wrought ouit in this play with conisuinnate skill. The differing shades of remorse felt by Mte beth atnd his wife reslpectively atire also painted il vivid colours. In him it is imoral remtorse, or the seise of desert racking the soul ; in lr it is the anguish of despair Th'FIe utaU feels that lie do,. serves his dluii; tihe woutau feels that the putishimeLtt- ift which she hal never thought before-is appalling al- over whehning. The lecturer gave sotime anlec. dotes dlecriptive of Mrs. Siddoti's re lpresentation of the ipart f Ifily MAolhetht attil of Brooke's representitiohl of Mac Beth himself. li.e als pointed out the manty psagOs of exquisite poetry with which the 1play is shown, and he con cluded by pointing out that the final tioral of this mtagnificent play is the tremtendous loss of sin. BlY per-istencee in crime the sintuer forfeits his peace of itind, hope anud his eternal jewel, "his stitl's salvation." lIe lives at life if hourly horror, dlies at last a violent death, and leaves behindl hiit it tamie linked with everlasting infamy. Such are the devilrs 'The lecture was ;atttutiv.ly listened to throiughott, andl at its ilose a hearty vote of thatnk, was tiovl hI y Mr. Laurens, 31. L..\\. atid setthiel by Mr. S)lliver, iud c irried by aeela: ati.. oiei a ildeate in the allirtitative. Sub ject :-- " Are Traniways Iesiralie." [riettds are cordially invititd ti attetd. 