VICTORIA. AiS Sliti IS. • ! It ig not often Uiat 0QC finds a judge weak enolIgi, to interfere in street ^uabblec, or constables plucky enough to set the judicial authority (even off the Bench) st defiance. A constable on Friday overhauled a l:.d for furious driviug, and wliile- holding on to the horse's head the rcCentric Judge Skiuucr appeared on the 4--c-eue, and peremptorily ordered tlie police io " let the horse go." " Xury a let go till I get his name and address," replied the man in blue. '' Do you know who I am ?" roared the judicial authority. " Oil, yes ! I know your honor, but you're not on the Biruh now." The mob barracked for the policeman, and the judge had to give it up. There is a little row being got up just nQW abo(jt HonKl4;j ivcrod newspapers, and a number of - people are corroborating \- r - ' the stiilemenls already made nbout disappointed hopes in the direction of newspapers from the old country or the sister coioniee. Many will remember the old cyder cellar ®aag of Shiny 8am, the Billsticker. in which iie admits— "And such (posters) f don't toil for gin The old woman lights the tire wiih. :i I dou't mean to say that is a literal solution of the mystery, " Where do all the newspapers go" to ?" but it is said that waste-p iper in sold from that Government institution. The post-ofiicc revives the robbery there a few weeks ago, and singular enough only a few days since eome boys rolling amougst some old rubbish in a circumfacieut right-of-way came upon J6t of letters and bank notes lying about " Thick as leaves in Yullawbroga." This is a perfcct stunner, and no one can conceive IiowJjiis place vae not searched on the first hue and cry of the robbery, The Creswiek disaster inquest drag6 its slow length along, the only remarkable feature being the contradictory evidence of the surveyors employed, they seeming to be most unanimous in their difference, acd I can only say, had the surveying been done in the Siuiplon Tunnel works in a similar maimer, t|*e odds would have been considerably iu favor of the two sectious never meeting at all. One surveyor gravely suggests that the effect ofubo'lyof basuitinthevicinity must have affeetC'-i the cempasses. A scientist over jn Tasmania insists that the comet has already ctaftpd on its homeward bound passage to the sun, into \vhich, the V. U. L. man says it is to plunge, mtb what results as far ub wo are concerned the deponent saith not, but it is shadowed forth as n general collapse; still freehold property is still in demand, and, indeed, in favored iocal^jes city frontages still fetches " any money, 1 -' the ppjget notwithstanding. A guard in the Emerald llill and St. Ivilda line, met with his death ou Thursday, he having, it was believed, been craning his neck out ovcp IIjs niJo of the guard's van und bis head camc lb ccut£.cl with one of the bridges. His nonio is Alfred Ford. Fires arc seasonably getting unpleasantly coiumoD, and what is the strangest thing about tbc#) tho insurance policy in no case covers die lost. A brand new thing—a sweet thing—a sweet thing in eye-oponiug has been—I am dcjost sorry to say on accouut of its ingcnuiiy—been nipped in the bud, and one Thomas Dynon ivjll in all probability jubilate for some tiuie on hominy in con nection with it. The modus ojterandi js simplicity itself. Landlord of suburban or provincial pub receives a letter for, say, Smith, to be called for, and the letter is duly stuck in the rack amongst the bottles, in a few hours to him enters a traveller ("Smith,") and'asks for'thc letter, gets it, opens, out drops a cheque, osUmsibly froui soine well-kiiown linii.in favor* ot Stiiith or bearer, for, say, ii20. " Unfortunate, very, past bjjjjk hours, can you let ino draw, say £•">, till i»-t:ijjrrow, you hold tho cheque, want the money cM'geu^ally, two more-drinks, keep my bed, back lute in the cvejftag, tatu," which he doesn't do anything of the tbe pub tinds ;next day that he has lear/il another form of tho confidence trick dirt chcap—£b. Dvuon will be 12 mouths older wbec he next plays the little game. The . threatened difficulty „ with tho latensT lias bceri tided over by *• mutual concessioos" which seems likely to assume the lonp 9f an cxtrp ]id. on the four lb. ioaf, so that the journeyman baker nay have shorter hours of labor, higher wages, and an opportunity of "improving himself." The strike fever developed itself in rather a remarkable manner at the Bi jou. The orchestra at the third act of Ncrma " struck," and in spite of the promissory notes of the manager would give r.one in return until "the ghost walked," which little ceremony not coming oil the whole performance came to an abrupt termination, and the ever patient long-suffering public went home and said pleasant things about play- actors in general and the Mortague Turner lot in particular. The last scene in the funny little dr;iui:i gives us Mr. C. Turner what Shakespeare or somebody describes as "filiug his fiummoxer" to the tune of something over £G00. Julian Thomas (" The Vagabond") is at loggerheads with the press—" the last infirmity of noble minds"—not that the press is anybody in particular, but they always have the right of reply like indies aud wives and (sometimes) can havethe last word. Well, Mr. Thomas haviug written a play, " No Mercy," considers it ought to "go" public opinion notwithstanding ; the Geclong Times having damned the production with faiut praise, .Mr. Thomas does ditto for the paper, and goes oft at score "into a line lrenz}*, 1 ' stops his advertisements, and bars a!I dead-heads from the office of the peccant journal. I alwaj-s hitherto thought Thomas not a clever but a smart man. I now have to take him out of that list and put hini in the " F" column of my memorial registry. The question of the genuine or otliei - wise character of the tea being purveyed to the citizens of Victoria is occupying— if not much public attention — some columus of newspaper, but as it seeuis rather a struggle for cheap notoriety, a dodging tho cost of advertising than of a hygeian character, it don't matter much to the general four-cups-a-day man. The \ anli-alcoholist tells mo confidently there's I fusel oil and other morbifics in my whisky, j The maudlin teetotaller bores me about strychinne, " cocculus indicus, quassia, and snuff" io my beer, and noprussiates of cojiper of lead are evoked from my tea cup: and finally my very water tap is shown to be the lurking place of centipedes and genns of disease, and I suppose the scientist will yet discover that even rain water is injurious. It seems to tnc as though the discoveries of science in chemistry and microscopy were likely to cause us uneasiness, and that too much learning (about what to eat and drink and avoid) may drive us mad. The V ictorian—accepting tho numerous cases heard at the police court—is not blessed with a good memory, and it is something remarkable that rnauy persons of " respectable appearance" get iuto the railway and do the journey entirely oblivious of the fact that they hare not complied with the conditions precedent—to buy and pay for a ticket. Rev. gentlemen who fall into error in this direction may be excused, they are thinking out their next homily and should be excused. We have got our Education Act, and the clergy are auxious to introduce religious teaching iu connection with secular instruction. Heaven knows it is needed when, a6 I am credibly informed, a body of directors in a mining company actually spent £3,000 in searching for a non-existent reef on the clairvoyunl advice of a wretched iuiposter—an old woman. I an understand a man being slightly pleasantly bamboozled by ayoimg woman, but men entrusted with the spending of ther people's money being " fooled" bjn old fraud in pettiooat6? I always thought it u soft poiut of Saul's going to onsult ihe " wise woman" of Endor, but e's not a circumstance to this Board of Directors who were so wrath with a malontent brother director who "didn't believe in humbug" that they threatened him with personal violence. This is a truth, in this nineteenth century here in. this scat of Southern intelligence—Melbourne. In these days of sharp school boys it becomes dangerous to make a slip, and moreover the man who writes for public eading should be correct and letter erfect, and thus in a penitential frame of ind, I admit to having used, in common ith other scribes—sinnicg at any rate iu espectable company—the term mirage to escribe a phenomenon which would { ave been more correctly designated as atq. morgiamt, the mirage is an optical elusion induced b\ certain local and tmospheric conditions by which an i ppearance of a large lake or inland sea is resented to the eye, the other phenomenon eflects figures, buildings, &c.;, in an nverted ar,d distorted form. I have itnessed the minit/e often op the Werribee lains, and what I take to be the fata orgiana is what was seen at Gceloqg, aud ater in Spencer's Gulf. - Icliabod 1 Ichabod 1 The great match s virtually over, and there's a good deal ; f sackcloth and ashes aud some gnashing f teeth amongst betting men. Our boys losed their innings for 114, as against J'.t-l of the All England. To say this as astonished ue Is a mild term, :md the olonial mind is busy iu finding out tbp why and wherefore of this failure—this ollapse aud general double-up of our boys, and some of tho suggestions are worthy of preservation. It is almost, n possible to take the " condition of the icket." bccause a fairly good score was joade lay Massie at the conpneuccnient of the first innings a^d by Mqidoch in the econd innings. The decision of the umpires cannot be traversed, bccause all the victims were scored b. or o. end b. The " adverse light" has been uttempted; but then there are the two good scores j^eutipne-d, $l>pve which negative that hypothesis sqiue of a u?o?e »nd mercenary character suggest that the colqnials " let them w{u," or would there be any more goings home ? The fact pf it is that it is simply one of thoso inexplicably "falling ojfs" or collapses which have occurred and probably will occur in all ciickelipg time as long as the game iB played with' bat, bail, £t)d wickets, without any prejudice to the cricketing jinnee 6f Ihe lostr.s. .... , . . ^ •Johu lviton lms lost his lift in ^v^nVy Harbor from shiirk-biles whilst balhiug, aud tredik't-l-i'tnru lost liulifuia a yery sad manner t>y attempting lo ^et jijlo a railway carriage whilst in inotiou at the liichuiond station. Our boys arc coming aloug—about as precociously ac could be wished, and a little moretio, they smoke, expectorate, ood bla*phc-me hard, the last development is reported from Saudhurst. Peter Shannon a boy of ten years, stabs another boy, or child, with a butcher knife. A milder type was fined £2 for puffing tobscco smoke- in-tbe faces of passing females. The stabbiug boy, it is singular to relate, was a Sunday scholar just returning from j the Mayor's picnic. , The social-ainemties are not, as a rule, mnch regarded jn ojir municipal civic or Parliamentary life, l>ut I Jhjpk Bendigo j (Sandhurst) carries off the palm for good ! rough-longucd nttcfancfes when flic i borough councillor and a. member of our ; House of Lords calls another councillor "a jiiosl unmitigated ass. 1 ' The Wealeyaps liave "broken out very iradly indeed about the Ifcbiviiion Act, one Fitchett, a licv. gentleman wis more tiinn ordinarily indiscreet and noisy, commidiug himself to the following statement jij support of scripture teaching in schools: " The rev. _ gentleman said j that there was no matter "of greater itu portance than it He hoped that the Methodist churchcs would fall iqto Ui'e line with the other Protestant churches with one exception, and support the reading of the Bible in the State schools. Nine years ago the system of free, Becnlar, and compulsory education was inaugurated, aud for the first three years the system worked admirably, but now it had been poisoned, and was no longer, the Act as first introduced. Without the sanction of Parliament the administration of the Act had been changed by a few Jews in a back room of the Government offices. The books then in use had been altered, and wherever the name of Christ occurred it had been altered to Christian, and State school teachers who were also local preachers had been gagged, and were not allowed the use of schools in which to preach the word of God. He would sooner see the whole system abolished than that one child should go without the Divine Word. (Cheers). To please the Roman Catholics we had sold our mess of pottage, but have not yet got our pottage. We rob our children of the Bible to please ihe Rom in Catholics." I seem lo recollect reading an old story of some wicked larrikin tj'ing firebrauds to foxes' tails, and sending them into the neighbours 1 standing corn, I believe this was metaphorical—they were a lot of parson Fitchetts who wanted to have a finger in the Education pie of the period— and some of the sugar! | Mr. Bc-ut of our railways is not the man to let any one die in his debt—iC he knows j it. He has been now for some time the j best abused man of his time, and the prcss i has made him "sink the Koyal George" andbe " the death of Ciesar" in every direction. So Mr. Bent at a suburban tea-andturn-out over some local eveut countered cleverly on " the fourth estate." He had, he said, on fir^t taking ollke been " the most capable of men, aud the right man in the right place," until the unfortuuate period, when he felt it his duty to stop the press dead-head system on the railways : and now everything WJIS Bent'S jobbery . _ or Bent's bungling, = but for all that the railways were now in a better condition that ever before." The trade agitation or strike craze still continues. Xow the grocers' and butchers* employes arc overdone, and have no time for improviug themselves. I dou't know whether they arc going out on strike. 1 am inclined to believe the general public ! will shortly take.a turn at " striking," and j do without some of these malcontents. | The brig Louisa from Tasmania has been for some time missing, and grave ; fears for her safety ore entertained, the j s.s. Despatch is going out in search j amongst the islands of the Straits. Immediately on the conclusion of the All England and All Australian match on Tuesday, a collection was taken up for Bates who hsd so distinguished himself by his bowling ; about £80 was made up, £50 of which was donated by members of the English team. An eleventh hour excuse for the defeat of our people is that j they rather imitated the example of the : French on the eve of the baUle of Poictiers, I and Went for wine and womeuin the form > of a picnic at Fern Gully and a late ball, | while the A. E. E. emulated their fore- ; fathers ou the above historic occasion— j they at 0113- rate were abstinent and went to bed early after a steady practice— result victory— very much. A mystery, or, at any rate, what is intended to look like onp, seems to occur in the case of the head school-teacher of Beech worth State school, who, being under suspicion for certain alleged irregularities with female pupil teachers and defalcations, or misappropriation of Government moneys, has been in Melbourne for some time trying to procure his dis charge from the service with the usual allowance. On Monday he suddenly disappeared, haviug hired a boat at a ferry up the river. The boat was subsequently found drifted into some willows, and some clothes he had worn beiug found in, the pockets having been rifled of all contents, if any had been left in. Home surmise that Harris has committed suicide. So not I; it is only a clumsy repetition of the old old trick, the ljjai} who commits suicide does not lake trouble to undress himself in daylight on a well-frequented rivej-, on an operation' sure to attract attention: i Mr. Harris probably wore two suits of clothes, one over the other, and slid quietly asiiore, and is lying perdu somewhere in the neighborhood. A cijriftijs argument was used in palliation lately in an inquiry as to an alleged stranding or touching tbe ground in the West Channel by the Savenas while under the charge of a pilot. A witness, a carpenter, was called to show that the damage done was very little, only worth, reminding one somewhat of the f case of the Hibernian young lady who, being twitted with having increased the population without the usual preliminary T ceremony of marriage, replied, " Indade e thit) ;t was a yery little que." So in like " manner one can see very little difference o as to the amount of damage done ,wlien the question culpability or otherwise iB > being considered. j The Bendigo papers are responsible for a statement to the effect that a certain rev. gentleman shifting his tent from T souieivliere near ivyneton, brought lijs a hougciliqid stuff to the rajlway station tor transmission. One. heavy case attracted l attention from the fact of a low moan er bleat coming from it, and an examination showed that the domestic goat had beeii packed therein, the poor brute's horns having been sawn off so as to fit in the L case. The slationmaster " got. on" the ejergymau, howuver, for freight, I0i«j as nanu^e was pekhey , luggage, wjearpyj apparel, oor one of theclergytaaij's family, aud that worthy gentleman declining to pay the passage money, the goat remains at the station. Mrs. Nightinga!ej_for some years proprietress and edltresk of ihe Cattl^nuiim Me£re£,entqt' r ve, has within the fg\y. days saccumbed to a lieart fhaeaee,-m ' w%'h elie has labored for some time. T T 