SI'. MARTIN'S CHURCH, SOUTH' YARRA. TI10 ccremouy of laying tho foundation stood of St. Martin's Church, Cromwell- road, South Yarra, was performed yesterday afternoon. Tho plans of the projected building show a fino Gothic structure that will cost about £3000, and wiil bo'capable of seating a congregation of 1500. The grouud plan has been designed ill the form of a Latin cross. At present it is only intended to build the chancel, in which a handsome stained glass window will bo erected, Mrs. Bi-odribb having made a gift of £200 for that purpose to the church, Mrs. Margaret Hobson has also contributed the handsome do nation of £300 towards the building fund. Somewhat after the appointed timo Dean Macartney, accompanied, hy over twenty clergymen of the diocese, appeared un the ground. After the choir had sung Onward Christian Soldiers, tho Dean opened the pro ceedings witli prayer. Air. W'illali, lion, secretary of the ohureh com mittue, then read tho following memorial ecrofi, which was afterwards deposited in the foundation stone : — " St. Martin's church of England, Hawksburn. The foundation stone of this church, dedicated to the glory of t lod, in tho namo of St. Martin, wns laid by- Sir \V. J. Clarke, representing Lady Clarke, of Rupertsvzood, Sirabury, on the 6th day of September, 1SS3. Incumbent, the Rev, Horace Tucker ; incumbent desig nate, Rev. AV. K. Brodribb; lion, trustees, Alessrs. J. M. ,Symon3 and T. B. Aluntz, C.E.; treasurer, J. W. Tod; lion, secretary, C. V. Willon : committee, .T. W. Tod, H. Jclfor- son, 13, l'hilpot, J. T. Macartnoy, 13. G. Ovey, I J. H. Bird, W. C. Aloud, C. J. Lucas, J. Davidson ; Bishop, tho Right Reverend «T. Aloorhousc ; Edmund George Ovey, archi tect ; Francis Wilson Beaven, builder. Vic toria Regino." Tho suroll with the above inscription, together with the newspapers of the dav, wero deposited in the rccpss of thu stone. Mr. T. B. Aluntz, C.I3., said ho had much pleasure in presenting Sir W". ,T. Clarke with a silver trowel (suitably inscribed) on behalf of ; Lady Clarke. Sir W, J. Clarke (accepting the trowel) eaid ho was at present representing a woman. Ho knew it would bo a great disappointment to thoso present that he appeared to perform tho ceremony, but Lady Clarke had asked him to express her regret that she could not he pre sent, and as she could not ask anothor lady to perform tho ceremony she had asked him to (lo so. In layiug tho foundation stone there fore lie was merely representing Lady Clarke. Addressing the Dean of Afelbourne, he (.Sir AV. J. Clarke) said — I lay this foundation stone in tho name of tho Father, Son, ami Holy Ghost, and I declare tho stono well and truly laid. The Dean of Melbourne said thoy had great cause for thankfulness that tho work they bail undertaken had been so favorably begun, and lie liopod God would give his blessing on tho work. Whilo they looked forward to the com pletion of the building with joy, let them re member that such blessings were not unquali fied blessings to all. It would bo the savor of life unto them that believed, and the savor of death unto them tiiat did not. Therefore it laid on all of thorn obligations of the most solemn kind. The Ilev. Horace Tucker, on behalf of Mr. C. H. Pearson, AI.L.A., Mr. Walker, M.L.A., Air. Brooks, and other gentlemen, apolo gised for their absence. They expressed through him their regret that thoy could not be present at the inauguration of an undertaking in which tiiey. felt a great interest, but they had asked liira to lay their offerings on the foundation stone. A collection was made, aud tiio sum of £44 5s. 9d. subscribed. In tho evening the ceremony was cele brated by a public eutertuiument given iu the Prahrnn town hall, consisting of a con- cert, and an address by the Bishop of AIcl. bourne. The Rev. Horace Tucker pre sided. The Bishop said I10 had seen the programme and knew the kind of entertainment they ex. pocted, and he would not tax their patience. His words might not he of the best, but thoy would be few. They wished to form a new church and a new parish. He wished to say a few words of tho new church and the parish about to he formed. He would speak first as to the necessity of erecting a new church and forming a new parish. He believed it was totally impossible to got Australians to walk any great distance to a parish church. Ho be lieved, as ho lmd said, that there was hardly a singlo Australian who could be got to walk, With the exception of himself and a few eccen tric individuals, there were no persons who could be got to walk in tho community. It was quite clear, therefore, that if that were so tho people would not attend the parish church, unless it were brought close to thuir doois and they would get out of the liabit of attending a place of worship. That would be a great misfortune for thorn. - Professor Seeley had defined religion to be the profession of wonder and admiration of tho works of tho universe. How, look at this great universe, with its mighty spaco, innumerable orbs aud perfect harmony, the grandour of the laws that bound thom together, tho subtlo ether which mon called atoms, existing iu space and con necting us with the remotest suns- Could any one look at theso marvellous phenomena without exporienciug a feeling of transcendent wonder ? If there were one such person he (tho Bishop) would say he was a most transcendent simpleton. If tliey had these feelings it was desirable they should not suppress them, for thoy could not suppress tlioso great emotions of their charaotor with out injuring it. Suppose he had found his heart enlnrged by that spirit of meditativo < cimtemplatiou, it would be a had thing for him if he could not express it in worship and in song. It would dwarf his intellect and cramp his heart if ho could not give expression io the deep springs of thought that walled up within when lie be held tho marvellous works of tho universe. There was a great Roman historian, he thought it was I'liny, who had drawn n picture of the daily life of a Roman noble. He rose in the morning to eat liis breakfast, ami ho (the Bishop) had never read of men who did not eat, then hu (the Roman) scut for his chariot, and when the chariot was brought I10 minutely criticised the state of tho chariot and the condition of his horses. Tiio chances wero that he would denounce their condition as scandalous. Having mounted his chariot lie would race along, not alone, but with a hundred other chariots, at a paco that might lend ono to think that thoy wero going to avert a defeat or achieve a victory. But ho wus merely going to visit his friend and hoar him the astounding intelligence that the eun had risen, and that it was a fine day. They might sit down and compare that day with tiie day preceding, or with that ilka nc- faetua on which they could not drive out. At last up jumped the Roman noble. He had found that it wss near diuner time, and lie went away, dressed himself, and raced back just in timo to sit at the festive board, to carouse with his friend. And that was the clay of the great Roman noble. That was just the day they (the audience) and ho (tho Bishop) and ail others would sink into if they excluded from their minds the thought of God and the higher aims of their spiritual life. To avoid that terrible inanity it was necessary to piaco the church sufficiently near to Australians to enable them to attend divine service. He thought he had now established his first position, that it was neces sary to erect a new church. The second point he wished to enforce was this, that such newly created parishes were advantageous to the old parishes. Hu found it impossible to convince people of that. They said, " When you erect a new church and create a new parish you deprive us of friends and funds." What was the creation of a now parish ? It was merely drawing a line and setting a new man to work within the new line of demarcation. And did they believe tbat independent men who liked any particular minister would pay the slightest heed to tiiat lino or the new boun dary 1 Thoy all knew perfectly well in their hearts that they would not. Nine-tenths of those who went to the new church would not go to the old, and tlmt was a bad tiling for the old church. Of all tho dry days, a Sunday without worship was one of the driest. A man might spend one or two Sundays at home, and then hu would say, "I mu6t find something to do." He would perhaps say, " I will invite a few friends to a quiet dinner." Then what fol lowed ? Thev naked him hack to their homes by way of returning the compliment. Tho example would spread, and more and more in the old pariah would join the army of non-wor shipping Christiana, aud that for the old parish was the worst thing that could happen. It was thus to the interest of the old parish to make the habit of worship universal. He thought he had now proved his second position. The erection of tbe sew church was good for tho old as well 03 being necessary in itself, and ho hoped they would consider theso arguments when they were deliberating on the new ar- .rangements they had just been making, i aumijtr of Indie and gentlemen then pro- ceeded to carry out a varied and attractive entertainment, consisting of songs, part songs, 'piano solos, vocal ducts, trios and readings. The entertainment , was c:-n- clmled by the rendering of : a musical satirical sketch ridiculing tho bric-a-brac craze. The ladies and gentlemen contributing to the entertainment wero Messrs. Cttddcn, L. L. I.swis, Hessehr an aiul A. F. Robertson ; Ales- dames Willan, L. L. Lewis, Theodore AVat- son, tho Misses Godfrey, Stevenson and Edith Groig. Several gentlemen members of the Christ Church choir also assisted. Tho evening passed off most pleasantly. 