TALES AND SKETCHES. . Tlic Post in it ii'm "As I n as saying, it was Valcntinon day, 1872\. My route was from Sevcuth to Twdf til on Spruco street. Tim locality was a good deal more fashionable then than now, and soino very high-toned folks lived there. We won't mention no names nor give no numbers, but tho particular young Jnuy I'm going to tell you about lived just about Tenth street. 1 had a pretty big load and was not in the best of tcni)cr with my work, but when a beautiful young lndy opened the door herself in her eagerness to the large envelope which was addressed to her, and smiled her thanks at me, I felt a different tunn. Nor did 1 feel tho worse after the hot cup of coffco which a servant had ready for me, ns instructed by the young lady, for it was n hitter raw morn ing and the bullet wound in the shoulder, which I got at the second battle of Hull Kun, was twitching vory Izul. Now a postman can't help noticing his letters a bit. Every body liasn't got a loiter box to dip 'cm in— of course, I am referring to routes of prirntc houses — and yon are often kept waiting a half minute or so nt the door. The things \- l'vo rend on postal cards are a caution I can tell you. A postman' learns a -good deal Accidentally about other people's affairs— hut to come back to the young lndy, " I took an interest ia her from that 14th day of February, and generally glanced nt her envelopes. She got a good many, but nenrly all were in ladies' handwriting ; letters were from girl friends and invitations to balls and recep tions and sucb like, I gees. The exceptions were letters in a bold, masculine handwriting nil written by the same mail ; there was no doubt about that. At first 1 brought them once a week, and then, after a little while, every day, and sometimes twice a day. She often took them in herself, and I always felt happy for the rest of tho day. Her 'bright srailo sort of went through me. Once or twico I received a letter from her to post to him, 1 was sure, not that she told me so, but I could tell it was by the way she blushed when bIio handed thctn to mo. I looked nt the addrcssoml name. It was a broker on Third street. Ou the June following the Valentino's Day tho family went away, anil did not return from out of town until October, but I did not sec the young lndy, nor did I havo any letters for her. 1 Hasn't she re turned yet?' I asked the coloured waiter, 1 Oh, no, she won't be here till Clirlstmas. She Is now on the " coiitinong," with her hus band. They were married at Ncwjwrt in August.' 'Oil,' says I, and I thought no more of the matter; events had taken their natural course by ending in marriage, as all projwrly regulated love-letters ought to do. "She came back with her husband nt Christmas, and began housekeeping in the same square as her family, so X delivered her letters. She saw mo on New Year's Day, And did not forget mo, either. What she gave me was sufficient to buy my wife a warm cloak for the winter, with enough left over for u pair of shoes for tho baby. Tlieiicwly- innrricd couplo hadalnuipof Icttors of nil sorts, kinds, and descriptions. Invitations in any nuwlicr for both of them, and plenty of female cor rcspondciico for her. He seemed to get let tore from all parts of the world, between thorn they had more than the rest of Die square put together. There seemed to l>c some cliango by April. The euvclopcs of tbo letters had the names of store-keepers on them, nuil doubtless contained Mils. The following month similar letters came very thickly indeed, and so did letters with the names of lawyers on the upper right hand corner of the envelopes. He secmuil to he always at home, for he often came to the door himself and took tho Icttors from me, as If unxiouB for the servant not to see them. A good-looking man ho was, with 'a -proud manner and a dissipated face. " 1 Wo are going away to-morrow,' said the colored servant ouo iinorniug, as 1 handed him tbo ordinary batch. ' ' Out of town ? I asked. .« '"Out ofdis town, I guess, bo replied, with a grin. 1 The sheriff's officers nrc m the house,' "When 1 was delivering tho letters the next day, a buck drove up to tho door, and I lingered u moment out of curiosity. Tho lndy came down leaning on her ltusbnnd's arm, looking so miserable and altered 1 hardly recognised her. She must have noticed tbo expression on my face for she nodded to mo and smiled ; but such a ghost ofaBtnilo! A few days afterward thu things in the house were sold hy auction, ami new people camo to live there; and soon, amid the many thoughts of life, I forgot all about tlio young lady. " It was in the 6umuierof 1877, when Igol put on n route in Gurmantown. 1 was not very wnll, anil thought the country walking would do me good, so I changed routes, with tho permission of the postmaster, with a com rade who worked ns i said, in Gerurantown. Sorting out my letters, as I served one of the pretty, leafy avenues, I entire across one ad dressed to tho old familiar name, Mrs. and in the husband's handwriting, Tho postmark was Colorado ; no he was away ; that was eviilont. She was sitting on the porch of a pretty little cottage, with a child in her arms. It was easy to see she was no longer rich. Tho dresses of herself and child and the smallness nud dirtiness of the Irish servant maid, who was cleaning a parlour window, denoted the fuel at u glance ; but she did not look unbnppy, and sbc know mo at once. " Why, postman, rite exclaimed, " Is It pos sible It cuu be you V "'Yes, ma'am,' I says, ' it is; Uinuklng you kindly for remembering mo, nud hero Is one of his letters for you.' " She took it from me with the old eager ness, and as she turned to go Into tho house I noticed her pressing it toiler lips. He didn't write very often to her— ovcry two or three weeks, not more, while sometimes much longer intervals elapsed, it used to make mo quite miserable when I noticed her plead ing foco nsl passed morning after morning . without anything for her. " ' You are quite sure you havo not got one, postman I " she would nsk. " Quite sure, ma'am. Tho western mail is late to-day-riiot delivered till lo-worrow," was ay faltering excuse. " Christmas Day arrived, and I had not delivered n letter from the husband since tho middle of October. She no longer cntno to tho door now. Thellttloservnnt girl told rac her mistress was nearly always ill. At last 1 brought a letter from Colorado— on tho last day of tho year; and thcu 1 delivered one regularly once or twice a week, until Feb- \- ruary. Tho lady begnu to come to thu door again, lookiag something like her former bright self. "Thol-lth of February— Valentino's Day —camo round, and I hud a Colorado letter for the lady ; but it was not in the husband's handwriting. Sbo came to the door. - " ' Hero is a Valentino ina'aui,' says I, cheerily. ' I hopo it will rnako you as happy ns tho ono I delivered to you in Spruce street about live years ago.' " " 4 Thnuk you, postman, ' sbo replied, ' and I have got a hot cup of coffee for you.' i " Sbc took tho letter, eyed it curiously, £ and opened it with trembling fingers. I was watching her while sipping my coffee— a glnnco nt the contents, and she fell bock life less. Tbo little Irish girl came up immedia tely, and between us we carried the lady into tbo parlor, nud laid her on the sofa. Then I took up mv mail bag, for of course I could not wait, and continued my delivery. A few houses away lived a doctor and I told his servant there was n sick lndy who re quired medical aid. 1 had no letters for the cottage the next morning, but the littlu servant rushed out to tell lire tho lady was dying, and tho letter from Colorado was frum n police justice, anylng tbo husband bad run away with a woman to Australia, taking with liitn a largo sum of money ho bad btoleu from his employers, TTio letter also satd it was supposed, where ho was working, that the woman, who was his companion, was married to him, until a search among the defaulter's papers disclosed tho existence of a wifo in Philadelphia. Before tho week bad closed there was a bow of cra>c on tho cottage door, and the doctor's certificate said, Died of n broken heart.' 'Have you got a match about you, sir? my pipe has gone out,' ntiil tho postman trudged off homeward with his mate, the letter-sorter. In our Next—" Faithful till Death." 