ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (By Tt GOnosT.) Dec. 1. Matters political are never mentioned uow. By common consent the subject is tabooed, and the majority of people are really concerning themselves more at the present time about their Clristmas goose than about the Ministerial doings., The luncheon given by Messrs. Berry and Service to the delegates from the other colonies-or to such of them at l~ast who were in time to partake of their hos pitality before starting to begin their duties at the Sydney Conferenco--was entirely devoted to the eating and drink. ing which generally form only a subsi diary part of such gatherings, and there was no speechifying from which oven the faintest glimmer of the intentions of the represoutativcs of the deputies froms Fiji, Now Zealand, or T'asmania vouch safed to the public. It in, however, looked upon as settled that the attention of the Conference will mainly be directed towards the annexation of Noew Guinea and the New Ilebrides i that the matter of the rates for European cable messages will occupy some little time; that the defence question may be touched upon ; and that all other esubjects will be let severely alone. Life, especially Minis terial life, is too uncertain for Ministers to vex themselves about such trivialities as federation or a common tariff for Aus. tralasia. \- The MiniLterial cat-in . the shape of the head of the Government--boingaway, theo' Ministerial mice have betaken themselves to play. Mr. Deakin and Mr. Lovieon have gone on a tour of inspection to the agricultural farm at Longerenong and the works of the Water Trusts in the Wimmera district. They actually intend devoting two whole days to the perform. ance of a task it would tax the energies of any professional man to accomplish in a month. But than you see neither of the gentlemen ammod knows atiything of water works, and Mr. Doakin, being a barrister, knows nothing of farming. How easy it is for men of genius to satop in and achieve triumphs, where ordinary mortal' less gifted would most assuredly fail. Or is it that a diet of turkey and champagno enables men to cram a week's work into an hour 7 There may be some thing in cliqluot or even in Cremo do Bousy after all. "Dr." L. L. Smith was within an ace of gracing the Upper House with hie presence as member for the North-Eastern Province, Iis fortunate opponent (lfc'. Brown) being in a large minority all through the district, excepting at Beech worth, where he resides, and where his substantial majority gave him the seat. Had the late " Minister without port folia" and ox-member for Richmond been successful, there would have been quite a diamond field on view on the red morocco covered benches of the Council Chamber. Dr. Beaney, the gem king, would have had to look to his shirt stud laurels. The Mining Department of Victoria has not been covering itself with glory of late. Indeed it may tersely, albeit some what vulgarly, be said that the Minister and his advisers have been "making a moss of it." There was a sum of teon thousand pounds voted by the Legislature for " prospecting" purposes. A very large proportion of the amount has been given to companion who could very well have called upon their slhareholders to pay presentexponses out of past dividends, a considerable sum frittered away by being allotted to large propriotories where it will about cover a week's wages,whilo bona fide prospecting parties, sent out and equipped by private individuals, have had their claims entirely ignored. In his first im portant administrative act Mr. Lovion has certainly not shown "distinguished ability." It is said-but perhaps this is more idle gossip-that if thoshnroholders' lists of some of the favoured companies were closely scanned a tale would be un folded which, if it did not exactly cause each particular hair of the public to stand on end, would afford matter for a good dealof unplensant innuendo. But even the most cursory glance at the awards is enough to show that if any principle has been adopted in allocating assistance, it hls been the one that " unto him who hath shall be given," tempered by the in junction to "take care of Doub." The quostion,"What'a tna namel" lehs just been practically answered by the honourable Francis Ormond, M.L.C. He desired that the Working Man's College, which he promised to build at a cost of £22,500 should, in honour to her Most Gracious Majesty's youngest son, be known to future generations as tie "Leopold" College. The Trades Hall Committee, a body who has evidently a soul above Princes, and does not see a baronetcy in the near perspective as the reward for the loyalty of any of its prorminentmoembers, strongly demurred to the proposition. A corros pondence ensued, and as the result Mr. Or'mond has withdrawn his promise to erect the building at his own expense. " Ano Leopold ant anllus" is his motto. So'that, at times, there is more in a name thlv the poet wot of. There is talk of erecting a statue to honour the memory of Lieutenant Wag horn, who devoted the boat part of his life to inaugurating the overland route to India. This, of course, is in its way a highly proper thing to do. But there are two aged sisters of Mr. Waghorn now in Melbourne, and a statue of their do ceased brother, though it woere of pure gold, would bonoefit them very little, if iot presented to them. A more suitable way of showing ia nation's gratitude would be to pension the old ladies so as to enable them to pass the remainder of their days " free from the carping cares of pinching poverty." The thorough rottenness of the police force is daily becoming mire apllarent. Since the abolition of "lizgiglam," under which system habitual criminals were employed by "astute" detectives to en tice their comrades to commit offences which the said "astuto" members of the force afterwards brought to light; the perpetrators of all the important bur glaries and robberies in Melbourne have remained " unwhipt of justice." Nothing apparently arouses Mr. Chief Commis sioner Chomloy and his merry men from their state of anmnnolent apathy. In vain is a list of swindlers specially designated by name published in the daily journals, il vain is i spoeilic charge of having at tempted to commit a capital felony made against a high ollicial in one of the Government departments ; not a finger is stirred by the police to bring the offenders to book. While the Police Commnisaion was sitting and demoral ising mIen and ollicors belonging to the force, there was soeno excuse for the laxity displayed. Now, however, there is none to be offered for the disgraceful condition into which it has been allowed t6 drift. The case against the accused murderer Morgan is now complete. At the ad journed inquest Mr. Johnson, the (lovernment Analytical Chemist, will be prepared to swear that the stains onl the clothing of the prisoner are caused by human blood. This fact comnplates a chain of circumstantial evidence in which every link is perfect; and circumnstantial evidence, be it remembered, is far stronger than any other class of testimony. Unlike witnesses, circumstances don't lie. The General Presbyterian Assembly has for a while ceased from troubling, and the reverend divines and elders that con stitute this august body are at length at rest. But the quietude in but the lull thatt precedes the storm. And this will burst with all its fury when Parliament moot and the bill for separating the Scots Church from the denomination to which it belongs is brought forward. A quarter of a million worth of property will not be parted with without a struggle. And as the beligerontas mostly hail from north of the Tweed the fight for tile "bawbea" is certain to be stoutly contested. The " Silver King " still continues to crowd thle Royal, and there is at present no talk of a change. At the Opera House " Boccacio" is also drawing large audiences, but is nevertheless in a few days announced to be withdrawn in favour of " Manola." " Sithers to Grind,"even supplemented by Mr. Fleming Norton's entertainment, is not in favour, but Mr. Grattan Riggs in a round of Irish charac. ters, at the Bijou, has evidently mot the public taste and is filling the pretty little theatre in oevery part. 