A Talc or The Southern Rordcr THE SHOT IN THE EYE. ' I HOPE so,' lie replied, in rather an under- ( , e*W?U' 1 was Pretty t;« roughly tired of waiting before I heard the dogs, but that music, you know, stirs the blood, and one j forgets to be tired. In a few. minutes a fine buck came bounding by, and I fired. He pitched forward on his knees at the shot, but recovered and made off. I knew he must bebadly hit, and sprang upon my horse to follow him.' ' Bather a verdant act, that of yours,' in terrupted the Squire. . \cs ; I found it to be so. After a pur suit of some twenty minutes, at full speed, it occurred to me that I might get lost among the motts, and reined up. Bnt it was too late. I was lost already-. How I cursed that deer as his white tail disappeared m the distance between two bushes. I had common sense enough left not to go very far m any one direction, but kept widening my circles about the place where I halted, in the hope of finding the traces of some one of the party; at last to my great relief, I came upon an old disused waggon trail, which, though the winding it held promis ing to lead to nowhere in particular, yet went to show that I could not be very far from some habitation. ' I WDB following it through a high, tangled thicket, which rose close on either hand; and stooping over my horse's neck, waB looking closely to the ground, whou the violent shying of my horse, made me raise niy eyes-and, by heaven, it was enough to have stampeded a regiment of horse I ' Just before me on the right hand, with one foot advanced, as if it had paused in stepping across the road, stood a tall, gaunt, skeleton-like figure, dressed in skins, with the hair out-a confounded long beard-and such eyes! It is impossible to imagine them. They didn't move at all in the shaggy hollow sockets, more than if they wore frozen in them ; and the glare that streamed out from them was so cold and freezing { It startled, my nerves so strangely, that I came near dropping my gun; though he was just swinging a long rifle down to the level, bearing on me.' ' Why didn't you shoot ?' ' Ay ! why didn't I ? I did not think of self-defence, but of those oyos. The rifio was suspended, but thoy fairly clung upon my features till I conceived I could fool the ice-spots curdle beneath my skin as thoy crept slowly along each lineament. The fact is, I caught myself shuddering-it was so ghostly I After regarding me in this way about ten seconds, ho Boomed to be satisfied ; the rifle was slowly thrown back on the shoulder, and with an impatient twitch at his long grisly beard with his bony fingers, and a single stride which carried him across the road, lie plunged into the bushes without a word. ' ' I started in vexation . at my stupidity, and shouted. He did not turn liis head. I was now onraged, and spurred my liorse after him into tlie thicket, as far as wo could penetrate, but lost sight of him in a moment. I felt as if I had seen the devil sure enough, and actually went back to see if he had left any tracks behind.' Everybody drew a long breath. ' I warrant you found 'em cloven 1' said one. \- . Didn't you smell sul-' 4 Never mind what I smolt-I found a very ..long moccasined. track, or I should have beon convinced I had soon something supernatural. I think, lie must bo some maniac wild man.' . He's a strange animal, any how.' ' Singular affair,' was buzzed around - the table. . ' Hoar me out 1' said Henrie. ' After,this incident, I continued to follow the devious windings of this road, which soemed to turn towards each of the cardinal points in the hour, until my patience was nearly ex hausted ; and it was riot till after sunset that it finally led me out into the prairie, the features of which I thought I recognized. I stopped and looked around for the purpose of satisfying myself, whon suddenly a horso burst from the thicket behind me, and went tearing off over the plain, with every indi cation, of excossive fright, snorting furiously, his head turned baok, and stirrups flying in the air.' ' What sort of a horso ?' 1 What color was lie'?' several broke in, with breathless impationco. ' . He was too far off for mo to tell in the dusk, more than that lio was a dark: horse, -say tlie color of mine.' Stoner's horso was a dark brown I' some one said, in a low voico, while the party moved uneasily on their ohairs, and looked at each other. There was a pause.. The Squire got up, and walked with a fidgetty manner towards tlie window to look out, and turning with a serious face to Henrie, remarked ' This is a vory curious story of yours, and if I did not know you too well, I should sus pect you were quizzing. Did you hoar a gun after you parted from this lank-sided fellow you describe ?' ' I thought I did once, but tho sound was S3 distant, that I was too uncertain about its being a gun, to risk getting lost again in going to find it.' . . Was it about a quarter of an Lour by sun ?' (that is, before sundown,) interrupted the " driver." ' Yes.' ' Well,,I heard a gun about that time on your sido, but thought it was some of yourn.' 'It may be that this madman or what ever ho is, lias danger in him,' continuod the Squire. 11 can explain about tho winding of that road wliioh puzzled you so. It is a trail I. had cut to a number of board trees we had rived on the, ground. Thoy were ecattorod about a good doal, but none of them far from any givon place, where you would strike tho road, so that you were no great distanco at any time, from where thiB mooting occurred. We must turn out and look for this oreaturo, boys.' ' I expected to find tho horse; lie-ho came.on in this direction,' said Henrie. « No,' said tho Squire,' Stoner's house is boyond lioro.' Ilenrie now seated himself at the table ; and great as was tho uncertainty attending the fate of Stoner, these men were too much accustomed to the vicissitudes and accidents, in the life of tho froniter hunter, to bo affec ted by it for more than a few moments, and the joke and tho laugh very soon went round as carelessly aud pleasantly as if nothing had occurred at all unusual. In the midst of this tho rapid tramp oi a horse at full gallop was heard approaching. The Squire rose hastily and went out, while the room grew oppressively still. In a few moments he returned, with contracted brows, and quite pale. ' Btoncr's negro has been sent over by his wife to let us loiow that his horse has re-' turned, with his reins on his neck aud blood on tho saddle. He has been shot, gentle men.' Wo all rose involuntarily at this, and stood with blank, white faces, looking into each other'B eyes. ' The madman!' said one, speaking in subdued tones, breaking oppressive sileno:. da' Henrie's bearded ghost,' said another. ' Yes,' exclaimed several, ' devil or ghost, that's the way it.has happened.' ' I toll you what, Henrie,' said tho Squire, ' it has occurred to me ever since you finished your story, that this singular being has been on tho look- out for Stoner, arid while you rode with your head down, thought that you were he, for there are several points of resemblanco, such as size, color of your horses, &c.;, but that in the long look he took at your face lie discovered his mistake; and, after leaving you, passed over to the left, and met Stoner returning, and lias shot him. Ho is one of the liegu lators, though, and Hindi is a very blood hound. I shall send for him to bo hero in the morning with the boys, and they will trail him up, if ho is the devil in earnest, and have vengeance boforo sundown to morrow.' This seemed tho most reasonable solution of some of the inexplicable features of the affair; and, as it was too dark to think of accomplishing anything that night, Ave had to content ourselves with a sound sleep pre paratory for action on tho morrow. (To be continued.) 