THE CHRISTMAS MARKETS. The spirit moved us, Monday morning, to visit the Christinas markets. It involved a considerable amount of self-denial. Like Leigh Hunt, we regard early rising as excellent in theory, but infamous m pracuce, and we can solemnly assure our readers we have been utterly victimised as regards the tores of health, wealth, and wisdom promised in familiar nursery hygiene to juvenile philosophers who should have the courage to cultivate the habit. It always involved a considerable amount of specula tion re prospective benefit before we could put out from Blanket Bay into the storms of a chill morning. And yet, get up one must, vastly " before the break of day, to witness the Victoria Market at the full tide of .its business. However, by the aid of sundry alarm clocks, wc effect the sacrifice ; and crediting the reader with an equal amount of decision aiyi. stoicism, we will take him, " in the mind's eye," as a com panion over the journey. Four o'clock has yet to strike, but long ere this sinuous lines of every imaginable vehicle, from drays and spring vans to rattling " shandrydans," have been creep ing into Melbourne from the country by all the main arterial thoroughfares. Far as the eye can reach along any cf these great roads, it sees only a twinkling of lanterns and a swinging to and fro of huge indefinite masses, whilst the ear catches but the steady, measured tramp of horses' feet, and the crunching of innumerable wheels from the passing produce wains. The way is long ; let us beg a " lift" from the rustic Jehu of one of the vehicles, and enter Mel bourne in the train of the triumphal proces sion, softly seated, mayhap, on a bag of peas or potatoes. Thus we advance upon the metropolis, listening to our drivers accounts of trade prices, and his compari sons, regretful, of course, between past and present markets. A cup of coffee, liastiiy quaffed at one of the corner stalls, a fresh start, and soon we are deposited in Queen street before the vast sheds lining either side of that thoroughfare, which minister t© Melbourne's temporal wants. We are early ; the dawn is but breaking, when the morn, as Butler's satire put it, "like a boiled lobster turns from black tp red." The heavy carts are being backed one by one into their respective places, under the " Argns eve of the market inspector,'' the "regulars" occupying, the stands from A to F, " casuals" from F to H. But this is accomplished neither so quietly nor so expeditiously as it is told. Of course, there is the necessary amount of objurgation and language of a high temperature indis pensable to such an occasion. Excitement develops into an epidemic in the competi tion of eaeh one to have his goods exposed for sale first. At last this important item may b« said to be accomplished iu both the upper and lower markets, and the tide of buyers surges in to each newly offered lot. The Corent Garden of Melbourne has been opened for the day. What a display of savoury fruits and esculents lies before us 1 What a Tantalus feast to the impecunious ! Pears and cherries, white and red, from Box Hill, tens of potatoes from Mordialloc ; moun tains of cabbages aud onions from South Brighton and Goburg ; rugged ranches of eauliflowers and brocoli from Elsternwick ; carrots and cucumbers from Cheltenham ; shallots, turnips, and rhubarb from Dan- denong; beans, lettuces, and cress from Caul- field ; French beans, strawberries, and apples from Kew ; raspberries and plums from Malvern; gooseberries! yellow and red), currants, and early peaches from Brighton ; lemons and citrons from Hawthor a "What a blessed survey for a vegetarian ! And how a Scotchman's heart would swell at such a prospect of unlimited kail ! Nor is Perdita's weakness — " the i-iwers of middle summer" — a-wanting to bring to oar re membrance rich, level country "landscapes winking through the heat" of the long ©eeember day, and waving stretches of deli cious woodland, where — Wading ankle-deep in flower?, We heard behind the -woodbine veil The milk that bubbled in the pail, And bussing of the honeyed hours. From Preston come these wain-loads of ex quisitely-arranged bouquets, wherein we can discern with joy the lily beloved of Coleridge, as well as the daffodils immortalised by Her- riek and Wordsworth, the rose dear to Browning, the jasmine, the violet, and the heartsease — in a word, all the glories of nature's bloom. But, nevertheless, fruits, flowers, and vegetables are not the only staples here. To the left, in division F, are stalls of tempting yellow butter, suggestive by its colour of kine knee-deep iu scouted clover ; cheeses are there that would cause the mouth of Brillat-Savarin to water, hams and bacon cured to a nicety to tickle the palates of epicures. Here, also, near the entrance, are waggons laden with the graceful tree fern; with the dark green holly, crowned with its deep crimson berries ; and the drooping cherry boughs, wherewith to deck, the Christmas hall and board. Yonder moreover, are others burdened with that mysterious herb its vendors will persist in styling "sparrow grass," and across the street, in the clean and spacious meat market, hang juicy sirloins aud appetising legs of mutton, tastefully dressed for the season, and literally begging to be eaten. Then, too, from the numerous fowl pens proceeds the cackle of most corpulent geese, the gobblings of aldermanic turkeys, and tlie dying crow of a valiant rooster' gaine to the' last. uat An omnium I (father um of edibles, what potential maxil lary force must be booked to demolish tliem \ Meantime, the crowd is momentarily in creasing. A steady stream of young and old, rich and poor, is ever passing through the gates. The noise becomes deafening. Each individual seems gifted with inde finite possibilities in the way cf jabber. The small retail dealers in fruit, who have no specific stand, but occupy little stalls oil the skirts of the market, make up for the paucity of their stock by a, stentorian laudation of it, fchuudeped forth in » triumphant defiance of Her Majesty's ; English and the demands of thfe letter H. ' Here is a Jew salesman, hook-nosed and beady-eyed, with all his wares over his arm, flitting, like the ghost of Achilles, from stand to stand, endeavouring to . persuade our country cousins that second hand clothes are new — and succeeding; there, an itinerant basket-vendor, brushing off one's hat with his light but awkward load, never deigning to apologise. In the one corner, a "cheap JacK. ' exposes his heterogeneous wares, sub Jove frirpdo, and mixes his entreaties for custom with most unparliamentary remarks about the drizzling weather ; in another, an enterprising draper whilst perpetually ! washing his hands in invisible soap and ( water, is vaunting his power to give bar- ! gains, such as no establishment in the City could " hoffer." Toy dealers, cocoanut j vendors, ice-cream sellers, all solicit ! patronage at one and the same time, and on : all the keys of the diatonic scale, until ! Pandemonium seems transported to Queen j street for the nonce. ; But the combat deepens. The crush ! about half-past 6 becomes tremendous. Surely every man, woman, and child in ! Melbourne has made conscience of being here this morning to participate in this free squeeze. Round every stall is a group of eager buyers, male and female, haggling j with the salesman over the price of articles, ' and oblivious of every consideration for i public convenience. Chaff and sarcasm fall all around, thick as the leaves in Ya-lam- brosa. Here stands the thrifty house-wife, ' spectacles on nose., and basket on arm, ; beating down her Christmas peas a sixpence, . 1 whilst her better-half looks helplessly and hopelessly on ; there an anxious Benedict, j his coat torn, his necktie awry, and his . liat on the back of his head, is striving to | recollect what else the wife of his hom told him to provide for Tuesday, and can't, \- for the life of birn, do it, though he assists 1 memory with a mnemonic scratching of Ins /nose. Paterfamilias, in a weak hour of ' parental fondness, has brought his olire- ! branches to see the market, and wishes to j goodness he was at home enee more over ids ; egg and coffee, since the said olive branches ; are reproducing Budge and Toduie's Yankee 1 eccentricities, with some emendations of j their own peculiar to Victoria. Here is a newly- married couple out a-marketiug, who don't know what they want because thqy | want everything. Our country cousins, j with flowers in their hats and fruit in their j mouths, are gaping around at the bm-y ' scene with all the guileless vacuity of rusticity, ignorant of the fact that a haii-1, ! perhaps, is abstracting that leathern purse where lies all their little store. Maidens of sweet sixteen and under, far from being either mild or meek, swift to hear or slow to speak, are linking it three abreast through the crowd, and cannot be brought to sec they should give way to any influx of fresh, customers ; whilst their attendant swains, of like tender years, will even show fight to any offending Fhilistine who quietly, bat firmly, remonstrates. Here, too, we have the bachelor, "just come out to see the fun, you know," eyeing with con temptuous pity that anxious Benedict who is struggling home with a live goose, and is rather getting the worst of it from the irate bird ; also, the unattached spinster of uncertain age and teeth, who desires a cheap bouquet for her Christmas party, but fears to make the desperate plunge into tiic crowd. AU these elements ©f society mingle and intermingle with eaeh other, now seen, now lost, like the changing colours of a kaleidoscope. Ah ! what is wrong ? A commotion at the other end of the market. Only a pickpocket detected in flagrante delicto, aud handed over to the tender mercies of the constable who stands near by. Halloa ! a wriggle, a dodge, ami like an eel from the grasp, the culprit slips away, to be lost in the crowd as a needle iu a haystack But the bustle and turmoil cannot last fer ever. It is S o'clock, and gradually the press is becoming less. Buyers have satis fied their wants, and sellers, if they wish to dispose of their superflous stock, must moderate their demands. The noise, too, has in a great measure subsided. The like ness of the market to that described 'in the olvl ballad of " Richard Lackapemiy," gradually becomes less, the more boisterous of the small dealers have already st.irted for 44 fresh woods and pastures new many of the heavy waggons, empty now of their contents, or taking home household neces saries, are beginning to wend homeward, and soon Victoria Market reverts to its normal respose. Let us go, gentle reader. ASTROPHEL. 