TURF GOSSIP. Br Augor. The overthrow of the favourites in the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap was only in accordance with former precedents, and pro bably there will be a complete reversal of this form in the Metropolitan on Tuesday next. The Guineas and Mares' Produce Stakes have, however, given us something like a line for the A. J.C. Derby, which will be de cided this afternoon on the Randwick course, and as First Demon, who ran second in the Guineas, won the Grand Handicap like a racehorse, it is pretty certain that the three year olds of the_ present season are above the average. First Demon's per first formance in the Handicap was class, considering the early period at which he ran, and it is greatly to be regretted that he is not in the A.J.C. Derby, for though Kingsdale managed to get home in front of him in the Guineas, it is no certainty that he would have done so had the distance been a mile and a half, or even a mile and a quarter. Over the latter course, in the Mares' Produce . Stakes, Kings dale met his master in the Queensland colt Legrand, whose victory will not be be grudged to his owner. He had the pluck to bring hia colt all the way from Brisbane to beard the New South Wales cracks on their own soil, and should Legrand display any thing like good form this afternoon his owner will probably bring him down to try con clusions with the cracks of the other colonies in the Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup, in both of which he iB engaged. Martini-Henry is still looked upon as the " good thing" of the race, but Mr. White's three year olds did not cut a very brilliant figure at Hawkesbury, and it is possible that they are not quite so good as was imagined. The extension of time will, I fancy, have an improving effect upon them, and Martini-Henry Bhould also be served by the extra week. New Zealand turfites Bpeak in anything bnt gushing terms of the Muskets, yet it is possible that this may prove an exception to the rule. I like him for his mother's sake, and as he has done everything that has been asked of him in private, I feel satisfied that he will keep up the reputation of the Juliet family. The only animal that strikes me as likely to interfere with the three favourites is WaxBght, a colt for whom I have always entertained a fond ness, but I shall go for one, and that is Mahtini-Henby. Quite spring-like was the temperature on Saturday last, and though I knew of nothing in the racing line to be transacted at Fleming ton, I strolled thither just to while away the afternoon in congenial company, and right pleasantly the time was spent. In my peregrinations an accidental discovery that there was to be a match on the training ground, and the apnearanceof sundry vehicles containing well-trained fox terriers and their custodians, caused me to wend my way first to the respective scenes of action. The match was the outcome of some i chaff between an Essendon publican named Woods and the well-known trainer Cripps, the former of whom is possessed of a not very aristocratic fiddle-hekaed four year old, which had suffered from the gibes mid the jeers of the trainer. The appearance of " Big Head," as the four year old is affection-. ately termed hy his owner, always evoked from the knight of the curry-comb and brush some remark which was not considered com plimentary to the gelding. " Where's the cart!" was the interrogative that always greeted his owner when Big Head "was m the way. This raised the ire of boniface, who resented the indignity by offering to match him sgainBt a brother to Colewort in Cripps's string. The offer was eagerly jumped at; preliminaries were arranged, and for £10 aside the match was made. E. Power was engaged to ride Big Head, and R. Walker I . . .. - - - A — - — the brother to Colewort. . How, although Big Head did not belie hia name, he had very galloping quarters, and had evidently been* longer' in woikthan the chesnut, who was much more racinglikB in appearance, and pim infatuated spectator laid 2to 1 on the good-looking. one. However, he quickly round out that" handsome is mat handsome does," and paid over the money before half the distance had been traversed, for,* after they had gone 50 yards, Big Head had hia opponent in diffibdties, and yron with the greatest, ease in fifigsec. ■ They started by mutual. conBanVbutA. Davies was elected judge. An hour among the fox-terriers and the rabbits helpedto pass away the time pleasantly, and then I walked over to have a look at' Santa Claus, whose friends will- be Sleased to hear, that he ia sound again, and oing nice cantering work on the training ground. The compulsory detention from exercise, may have thrown him back a bit, but being a light-fleshed horse, the time he has lost may not be so detrimental to hia spring prospects as it would to a grosser horse. " : The American trotting stallion Pioneer arrived in Melbourne, from Sydney, where he landed, on- Thursday last. He is in capital condition and health after hia voyage from Ban Francisco, Pioneer shows o lot of , exhibits more of excellence ... , io many of the trotting sues that have been imported from America. He is a beautiful blade, and only three years old, so that, with age, he may give promise of de veloping into a very useful horse. By Strader's C. M. Clay, jiin., from Ellen M., the colt was bred by General Withers, Fairlawn Stud Farm, Kentucky, and is nearly full brother to the celebrated Durango, for whom his owner refused an offer of 10,000(1ol. Mr. J. A. Roberts is certainly to be complimented on his enterprise and shrewdness in securing such a first-class colt for the use of Victorian breeders. The colt will serve but a limited number of mares this season, and he will be put into work as early as possible for exhibi tion purposes. . The cinder track on the Flemington train ing ground has been greatly improved by the application of a coating of tan, and this will now be one of the most popular among the tracks at Flemington. First Demon, who has placed the first of the great spring handicaps to the credit of his owner, is a member of a family which has gained a name on the racecourses of Aus tralia. Hamlet's conqueror, Javelin : Wood lands, who overthrew the mighty Chester; Hecla, Balhurst, and other winners are near relatives of his. Regular visitors to the training ground at headquarters will call to mind his dam, the beautiful Lilian, who! showed rare form ere she went amiss. She was by Barbarian from Lilla, the dam of Javelin,! and when she left the post for the paddock Mr. William Kite sent her on a visit to his old favourite Gemma di Vergy, and her foal was First Demon, who has well upheld the character of the family by running second for; the Guineas and winning the "Hawkesbury Grand Handicap. Hawkesburyis fatal to first favourites, in the big handicap, at all events, and this year has been no exception to the | rule. Yately, who was put about as a moral certainty, was most ignominiously defeated, and I may say the same of my selection, Gloucester, though the other, Despot, did manage to gain the empty honour of a situa tion. Cunnamulla, Masquerade, and others that were largely supported were also in the background, though that honest, but unfor tunate horse Sardonyx once more struggled into Becond place, and as he carried 9st., the performance was indeed a first-class one. On September the 15th the recently-formed Moonee Valley racecourse will be opened, j An excellent programme has been framed by the proprietor, and entries will close with the secretary, Mr. H. Roche, at the Victoria Hotel, Bourke-street, at 4 p.m. on Thursday next, September 6. There are five events, viz., Maiden Plate of 30 sovs., Hurdle Race of 50 bovs., Ascot Handicap of 50 bo vs., Steeplechase of 50 sol's., and the Valley Handicap of 50 sovs. This little bill should attract a goodly number of nominations. The American horse Iroquois, who won the English Derby, and St Leger a couple of years ago, has returned to the land of his birth. He left England in the steamship [ Erin, of the National Line, and arrived in New York on the 11th July. Iroquois was accompanied by Parthenia, a half-sister to Parole, and Aranza. Both of these are American bred, but the former never started in England, where Aranza won the Great Eastern Railway Handicap and the John stone Plate. The Metropolitan is more open than ever. I fully expect to see some of those that I finished behind First Demon in the H&wkes-1; bury Handicap figuring more prominently in | the Metropolitan. It must be borne in mind that the Hawkesbury winner will have such foemen as Pell Mell, Navi gator, Aide-de-Camp, and Sweet William to cope with, in addition to a ma jority of those that were opposed to him last week. Pell Mell has been doing great work during the past fortnight, and there are good judges who pronounce him the best thing in the race. That he was a great colt as a three- year-old we have had ocular demon stration, and now that he has thoroughly recovered from that serious illness which affected him so much last year, I don't see any reason why he should not prove almost as good a horse as Commotion or Darebin, either of whom could win the Metropolitan with Pell Mell's weight up. Navigator was pro bably the best horse in Australia last season, but from the manner in which Aide-de-Camp has been backed for theMelbourne Cup it would appear as if he were the beat of the Terrara lot at the weights. It would he tedious work, indeed, to wade through the lot of chaff mingled with the wheat, and without enter ing into a lengthy dissertation upon the merits and demerits of the respective candi dates, I shall say at once that I think the places will be filled by Aide-de-Camf, Fikst Demon, and Sweet William. The South Australian Jockey Club meeting, which commences to-day, will also possess j some interest for Victorians, for among the performers that will ehow in public on the | Morphetville course are several that are ex pected to put in an appearance at Caulfield in I October; and Flemington in November. The I race to which is attached special features of j interest is the S.A-J.C. Derby, which is looked upon as a match between Dirk ] Hatteraick and Sardius, and public form points unmistakably to Dxuk Hatteraick, while tor the two-year-old race I must give the preference to Hsusnk, next to whom probably will be Campden. Legr&nd;'s triumph over Kingedale in the Hawkesbury Mares' Produce Stakes has brought him into some notice for other events in which he is engaged He was the champion two year old of Queensland last year, and who knows bat that he may emulate the deeds of his relative and country man, Wheatoar, and win the A.J.C. Derby? He is engaged in most of the good thingsof the coming spring,'and this victory on bis first appearance in New South Wales will act as an incentive to his owner to fly at still higher game. The Wyndham Racing Club will have a day's 8porton Thursday, the 27th September, when five events will be decided, commencing with a Hurdle Race of 40 sovs., which will be followed by the Spring Handicap of 60 sovb. , Selling Handicap of 40 sovs., Steeplechase of 40 sovb., and Flying Handicap of 40 sovs. Nominations will clo ose with the secretary, Mr. Wall, on Monday, the 17th September. Mr. Connolly states that in consequence of Chevy Chase getting into some bad ground on one of the tracks at Caulfield the horse in jured himself so severely that it was deemed advisable to shoot him. Connoisseur and Stormbird have also been suffering from slight lameness. Oar -American cousins' appear to have had a good time at the Monmouth-park meeting in July. The Lorillard Stak»s, a sort of Derby; was the chief .item of Interest, * but" (says the New York Spirit of tins Timet)" the American public are not as yet sufficiently a racing people to appreciate the gteatness oi racing affairs." The Lorillard Stakes ~ia& tracted only three startera And waawonbj Messrs. Dwyer Brothers' George Kinney, bj Bonnie Scotland from Kathleen. The mile and a half was run in 2m. 391s. The greai two-year-old race of the meeting was the Hopeful Stakes, five furlongs, and this fell to Mr. Kiltson's Is3aquee4ia, ry Alarm froa Essoyes IL, by Cremorne from PiUbosvbJ Van Galen (sire of Tim Whiffler). Tin time was 1m. 4&S.; The ancient geldinf Parole was a competitor at the meat ing.and was successful in a' handicap of a mile and a half, in which he carried 9st, and run the distance in 2rn. 42s. A granddaughter of our old friend Fisherman figured at the meeting. This was Sweet Home, by Knight of St Patrick from Bittern, by Fisherman, and 6he won a 500-dollar Eurse, beating nine others. At the Sheens ead meeting, Parole won another mile ana a half handicap in 2in. 391s, and at the same meeting Eole carried 9st. and won the Stirrup Cupof two miles andafurhmg in 3m. 50s. Eole is the property of the Yankee "masher," Fred Gebhard, who has gained some notoriety through his attention to the "Jersey Lily, Mrs. Langtry. They have unearthed another great trotter in America, and this is Majolica, who, although a green trotter and entered in the three-minute class, won tluee heats right off the reel in 2.22$, 2,20$, and 2.17. In the fol lowing week he won another purse in the three-minute class, and trotted three heats in 2.21$, 2.19$, 2.20, and 2.2L The season has commenced badly at Bum doora-park, where the brood mare Amethyst died on Tuesday. She was heavy in ioal to Angler with a fine colt Amethyst was a brilliant mare on the racecourse, but she hat not been a great success as a brood matron, though her union with Angler was expected to lead to the happiest results. There was no better bred mare in the stud, for Bhe was by New Warrior from Amethyst, by Ambrose from Heroine of Lucknow, by Nutwith from Pocahontas (dam of Stockwell). Messrs. Win. C. Yuille and Co. report haying sold thethoroughbredstallion Calamia (winner of the Melbourne Cup), to Mr. John Walsh, of Euroa.. So good a performer should prove an acquisition to the district. An excellent programme, to he run under the auspices of the Sydney Turf Club on the Gth October, is published this week. It con tains six events, the first being the Favourite Plate of 100 sovs., the second the Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., and then follow the Corinthian Cup of 50 sovs., Sapling Slakes of 200 sovs., Selling Plate of 100 sovb.. Farewell Handicap of 100 sovs. Nominations close on Monday, the 17th September, and such a liberal bill is bound to receive plenty of sup port from owners of horses. Elstemwick-park programme is published this week, and it includes five events. The only trot is fc.r maidens, mile heats, best two in three ; and the other items are a Hurdle Race of 30 sovs., Five furlong Handicap of 30 sovs., Brighton Handicap of 30 so vs., and Selling Race of 30 sovs. Nominations close at the V.T.C. office,-Kirk's Bazaar, on Mon day, September 17. Welcome Jack and Despot have been scratched for the Metropolitan. 1 believe the latter has been scratched because certain bookmakers took the liberty of forestalling the owner. In consequence of pressure upon the space devoted to racing advertisements this week, it has been found necessary to insert the sweep announcements at page 2S7. Among the most successful purchasers for the Indian market is Mr. E. Weeks, who has forwarded by the steamer Newcomen another splendid shipment, which includes such performers as Mistaken, The Ghost, Belladrum, and Red Rover, also Glory, Van Tromp, Tocal, Bine Bell, and other winners. Delos, Othello,<Javalier, Enlo, Glen Osmond, and a number of horses by St. Albans, Panic; Smuggler, Proto-Martyr, Argus Scandal Lec turer, Gang Forward, Atbeling, HaWtkorn den, The Friar, Rapid Bay, and other sires also were included. In company with Mr. Byron Moore I had a look round the V.R.C. enclosure on Tuesday morning, and found that the contractor had made excellent progress since I last visited the hill and stand. The rooms below the new stand have been sufficiently advanced to give one an idea of what they are likely to be, and except that they might have been a little loftier, I don't think any fault can be found with them. The ladies' rooms, especially, are capacious enough to meet the require ments of a very large crowd, which is bound to assemble both on Derby and Gup days, when they will be tested to their utter most Mr. Moore proposes to place the press box almost above the press room, and just a little to the left of the judge's box. This will be far preferable to the old positions, though as the new box will be quite exposed to the elements, it will be necessary to retain the old boxes, for even the most hardened reporters are not impervious to the heavy wet or the rays of the sun when striking lOOdeg. in the shade. The entrances from the old to the new stand have been nearly completed, and in order to facilitate ingress to and egress from the structure now in course of erection, Mr. Moore has placed openings on the Ugh, as well as the low, level. I had a stroll round the carriage paddock, which has been greatly improved by the erection of neat posts and chains and the planting of flowers and shrubs. The new Bneds for the horses of members have been erected, the running ground is being attended to, and everywhere preparations for the coming season are being made in a satisfactory manner. The con tractor for the new stand has done his wort: in workmanlike fashion, and I think he will be "on time," as the Yankee says, and have everything finished according to agreement. By the bye, Mr. Moore is thinking of laying out a separate entrance and road for a mem bers' drive to the north of the present, and as it would be a great boon to all who go by road, the committee will doubtless consent to the proposed expenditure. He is also endeavouring to arrange with the respective authorities to have a roacL through ELotham and the netriy-made ground over the old swamp, and running through the centre of the Kensington- park racecourse. Mr. L. Zucker, a well-known member ol the Victorian ring, has returned to Victoria, after a tour through Europe and America, lake all other Australians, he says he saw nothing in Hie way of racingihat pleased him so much as Flemington. Mr. Samuel: Gox is fast licking his new course at Moonee Valley into shape. I visited the spot one day this week," and, was well pleased with everything I raw, except; perhaps, the straight rim on the course proper. It is oh' a sideling; but Mr. Cox proposes to reduce it considerably before the opening day. when there will belittle left to cavil at. The flat course will be about a mile in circumference, and for six furlongs is almost a dead level. This position or the track will prove a splendid trial ground for those who .wish to give their horse a spin on the quiet Jt would be difficult to find a fault with the steeplechase course, in which there are eight jumps; including one over real Australian gum logs and another over water, the latter being close to i the stand. . A . riew etand, capable of accommodating 400 or > 500 people, has been erected, with luQcheanI rooms, Jiara, press room, and ladies ~~''""~ underneath. The view from thmjr vantage is ohe ofthe prettiest in tbsj of Melbourne. the surri ggysKram* 'atfcrac tering* down„ idSi&sl;?* men. A. stewanis'-room and weighing en closure were in course of progress at the time of my visit, and all that is required to make Moonee Valley a popular resort is strict and impartial management under a body of respectable stewards. I'm glad to hear that the proprietor has determined to have nothing to do with pony races. The members of the ring have declared war to the knife with the Hawkesbury Race Club, and at a meeting held in Sydney on Monday they resolved not to attend or do business npon any future Hawkesbury events unless the present licence-tee is withdrawn. They have also subs"ril>e«l upwards of i.1.000 to wards two dre-.s' racing, to be held on the same date the Hawkesbury autumn meet ing. but it has imt yet been decided which course will l<t- applied for. It is nor ar all, probable that tlm A.J.C. w'li grant the use! of Rand wick course. The members of the | Hawke.-bury clr.lt talk of retaliating by estab lishing a totalisc.tor club for the use of mem bers, and some of the wealthy residents pro-1 pose t" start books themselves, so that there ts likely to be a lively time in New South Wsle.- nfall. The Sydney settling over the Hawkesbury meeting took place on Monday last, and passed < -ff satisfact' >rily. The disqualification of David Yates and the horses Slow Tom and Wee Jim has been endorsed by the A.J.C. Once more I remind owners who have youngsters engaged in the V.A.T.C. Foal Stakes arid Oaulhcii! Guineas that if they do not scratch them to-day they will be liable for the forfeit From the American Breeder's Gazette I learn that the stock of Mr. Miller's Contractor have j created a favourable impression in America, ! where a filly by the bay fetched 1.500 dollars, j Some of the trotting men of the States think f highly of his youngsters, some of whom are ; e sneered to turn out g-'-od track horses. Mr. 1 Miller publishes an a iverrisement this week j which should interest all who have sent i mares to Contractor. _ j It is more than probable that Victoria will j pretty well hold her own in the jumping races I that are to be run at R&ndwick;, for Mr. C-ook ' has sent over the Joker and Basilisk, T. Cor rigan has gone with Ontario, Chifney with Songster, and Coffey with Shamrock and Belie Brandon. ■ I was very much pleased to see Mr. J. B. Gill in town this week. looking almost him- ■ self again, after a somewhat protracted and ] dangerous illness. He seems to have j thoroughly recovered, and his friends will be : glad tosee him in the saddle again at the > Melbourne Hunt Club Spring Meeting. j The breeders and owners of yearlings and j two year obis in New South Walesand South j Australia ere re juested to bear in mind that) the V.A.T.C. Foal Stakes, Caulfield Guineas, ! and Criterion Stakes of 1684 close with the secretaries of the V A. T. C. ,_V. R_ C.. A.J.G., or ; S. A J.C., on Monday, 10th September. j Terrific, who is announced to stand at; Spring-vale Farm, Joyce's Creek, at the: moderate fee of five guineas, has, I believe, j grown into a very tine horse. He was always j a good-looking one, with plenty of length and : power, and I can easily believe that he is now the beau ideal of a thorough bred stallion. He comes from a very successful family, being brother to Chatterer, Declamation, and Claptrap, and half brother to the Newmarket Handicap winner Aspen. In response to a correspondent complaining of the manner in which ne bad been treated by " Achilles," a Melbourne sweep promoter, the latter explains that only four-fifths of the money was subscribed, and that the holder of the first horse received his share pro rata. The result slip, which he has en closed, corroborates his statement. In the advertising columns of The Austral af&an; will be f und the conditions of the Murrambid"eeT urf Club Derby of 1885, Sires* Produce Stakes of 1S86-7, and Mares' Produce Stakes of 1868-7. To the Derby the club adds 100 sova, and the same sum to the Sires' and Mares* Produce Stakes, the former being enriched by a subscription of 10 so vs. each from the nominators of sires. Nominations for each of these events will close with the secretary of the M.T.C. on the 8th January. Mr. Hawkes, the secretary of the Hurram fiidgee Turf Club, writes me that in the trans mission by telegram of the entries foe the 5LT.C. meeting several mistakes occurred, fn the Cup La Belle shonld be Le Beam Favour Favo, and Waterford and Doefora filly should read fitly by Waterford—Doefoot In the Grand .Stand Stakes and Town Plate the same mistake occurs in relation to the last named, and in the former Favour's name appears for Favo'a Princes should read Primus in the Grand Stand Stakes, and Byron's name was omitted from the Hurdle Race. Buzza has been scratched for his A.J.C. engagements. In order to allow the Tatura programme to be advertised in the V. B.C. RasingOalendar the meeting has been postponed to September 5, consequently all horses running there will not lie disqualified. The friends of Mr. Walter Harris, the well known clerk of the course at Launceston, will be glad to hear that he is able to get about with his ponies. At the last run of the Northern Hunt Club he was present, and though not able to occupy his old place in the hrst flight, he thoroughly enjoyed the sport. _ Among those who went as straight as a bee line was Mr. F. C. Appleton, who is so well and favourably known .here as an actor. 