The Storyteller. Scenes and sketches of Australian Life. RED DICK THE STOCKMAN. CHAPTER IX. THE DESTRUCTION OF THE DEAD FINISH HOTEL. BY "BUSH NATURALIST." IT was evening time before Dick awoke from the fitful sleep the strong nobblers Brooks had given him had thrown him into. Besides, the kind-hearted landlord had put not a few drops of laudanum into these nobblers, to—as he said to Mrs. Brooks—"quiet him down a bit and bring the cheque to his mind." As Dick roused up, Mrs. Brooks brought him a pannikan of strong hot tea, which enlivened him wonderfully, so that he seemed more himself than he had been for days. Undoubtedly the sedative had done him good, for he ate a fair meal, had a good wash, and looked quite a new man. The landlord therefore thought it a good time to jog his memory again, and said to him: "I'll tell you what it is, Dick; if you don't find that cheque I shall stick to your horses and swag, although they won't pay half your bill." "What cheque? What bill? What do you mean, man? Did I not give you a cheque some day or other ? I have a sort of recollection of doing so." "Yes; you gave me one this morning, but it was only for £10, and your account is £99 19s. 9d.; so fork out the other cheque for £100 that you said you had." "Cheque for £100 which I said I had! Oh, that's it is it? I begin to see things now. That's been your pretty game! That's why you have kept me drinking here when you knew I wished to go on! I told you I had a cheque for a hundred, did I? ha, ha, and didn't know where I had put it, did I? Well, so I had, but I don't remember telling you so. You must have got that news out of me when I was drunk. Ha, ha! I can't help laughing, Brooks, for listen a minute—thinking that some as yet undamned scoundrel of a publican might get it, I asked the boss, who went to Townsville by way of the Cloncurry a fortnight before I left, to take my cheque, pay my passage, and get me a Liverpool draft for the balance, for fear I should spree it all in Brisbane." "Then, by G—d! I'll have your horses," "Look here, Brooks! I'm sober now for the forced your damn brandy upon me, and I mean to keep sober too. Well, if you don't get my horses up at once— mind you, at once, for it is bright moonlight—I'll put a fire-stick in your house and shoot you besides." And, stretching out his hand over the bar, he quietly got hold of the landlord's revolver— always kept loaded —before the latter could even guess his intention. How evil circumstances will cross some unfortunate men at every turn of life! No matter how good the resolve, how determined the effort to overcome trouble or difficulty, uncontrollable circumstance steps in and upsets the resolution. There is some truth in the old-fashioned notion of being born under a lucky or unlucky star. Red Dick's star was decidedly an unlucky one. Brooks, now thoroughly cowed at Dick's quiet, sober, determined manner, would doubtless have at once ordered the blackboys to get up the horses, for a man on the point of delerium tremens, with a loaded pistol in his hand, is best got rid of at any price, more especially as he had threatened vengeance, and there was no more money to be got out of him. Besides, although it was an awful sell, the spree had entailed no loss, for the drover, Simpson, and his men had been made to pay for it when they settled up some two days before. So the landlord had mentally decided to let Dick go, when, just at that moment, up rode a party of diggers flush with gold from the Cloncurry, and, as in the Burke district everyone knew every one, there was an all-round shake of hands and an immediate call for brandy. Again I say "poor Dick!" for my stockman was a man I liked. This nobbler of course led to others, and before long Dick was a raving maniac. The horrid phantoms he had seen in the morning returned to his fancy. Here, there, everywhere they were. Now he would look out of the door, and draw back in unspeakable terror; now they were in the house. The landlord gave him brandy in the hope of making him dead drunk; the diggers gave him more for no reason at all; yet the more he drank the less effect it seemed to have upon him physically. He acquired unnatural strength, smashed the stools, cursed in frightful language Brooks, his wife, and even the girl Annie. In fact he was mad, and every drop of spirits taken only added fuel to the flame of madness. The revolver he had fired off here and there at imaginary devils; then breaking it against the wall, he threw the heavy barrel at the head of the landlord, the result being the smashing of a dozen gaily-labelled bottles on the bar shelf. The scene that ensued almost defies description. For a full hour the madman kept up his wild cries, his excited talk, and imaginary fights with phantoms: hurling at the latter glasses, bottles, anything he could lay hands upon. The diggers were too drunk to be frightened, but maunderingly kept pressing brandy upon him which he would not drink, but would hurl the one-time tempting spirit away from him in horror. Brooks fled the bar in terror of his very life, and Mrs. Brooks, venturing to put her head in at the door, was struck senseless by a bottle hurled at her by the mad man, under the impression that she was a devil. Never before had even the Dead Finish had within its walls such a drink-made maniac. Generally its victims were quietly got rid of before the violent stage came on: were given a bottle of grog, and started on the road to the next squatting station, and maybe a week or two afterwards, as the overseer would be going his rounds, his attention might perhaps be attracted by the crows or hawks, and upon riding up he would find all that remained of the poor victim of the outside public-house. Such has been far, far too often the end of the hard-working but foolishly extravagant Australian bushman. This time, however, the evil done by the owners of this shanty was coming home to them, and they were but reaping the harvest they had sown. But things could not last long at such a pitch of excitement as they had now attained. The end, whatever it was to be, must come soon, and it did come. Suddenly Dick declared that he saw a mob of cattle making straight to "box" with his mob camped at the waterhole. Both of course were imaginary, but real indeed to the madman, whose old droving instincts had come over him, and he must save the boxing—as in technical language the mixing of the two lots is termed—at any price. "Where's my horse?" he cried, or rather yelled. "Brooks, you blooming scoundrel, where's my horse? Get him up this very minute or I'll burn your precious house down. Do you hear, man? Where's my horse? You won't speak, won't you, you cur of a dog? then here goes," and he seized the chimneyless kerosine lamp from the side shelf and hurled it over the partition wall into the bedroom behind. Then snatching up a stockwhip which was lying about, and rushing to the bar door, he, bare- headed, half-clothed, wildly excited, mounted one of the diggers' horses still fastened to the veranda post, and, digging his heels into the animal's ribs, and yelling so that the horse fairly bolted with fright, he madly urged him at full speed towards the imaginary mobs of cattle, cracked his whip, galloped round the little plain, back to the waterhole, and in trying to pass through the clump of fine old eucalypts he heeded not an overhanging branch, under which his frantic horse bounded, and against which the bare head of the maniac was shattered to pieces. And poor Red Dick, my favourite stockman, fell dead upon the very spot from which only a morning or two before I had seen such a beautiful sunrise. And even as he fell a red glare broke upon the dark fringe of scrub edging the plain. The lamp, when hurled by the hands of the madman, had fallen upon the bed and immediately set fire to the mosquito curtains; the gimcrack building with its calico partitions was in a blaze in no time, the flames ran up the dry bark of the roof, burst through, and sent a beacon of flame skyward, announcing to the owls and the dingoes that, at last, retribution had overtaken the evildoers, that sin had again wrought out its own punishment. Poor Red Dick! Frightful though thy death had been, yet thy last act had been a righteous one, for thou didst for ever wipe out from the face of fair Australia that sink of iniquity— The Dead Finish Hotel. Chapter X. THE BURKE DISTRICT—ITS ABANDONMENT AND RE-OCCUPATION. One of the most marked features of Australian history, whether of district, town, or industry, is the pulse-like way in which development has been arrived at. Progress has never been continuous; seasons of great depression have always alternated with those of advancement. This certainly may be said to be the usual rule of the world, whether as regards nation or individual. All sunshine is the lot of none; the dark cloudy days must, by the law of nature, follow the fine. But these periods of progress and retrogression have perhaps been more frequent in these colonies because they are the natural result of the rapid rate of living we indulge in, and the general eagerness there is among us to get rich suddenly and easily, if possible. That is, there is a speculativeness pervading our whole community, engendered doubtless by the gambling spirit of gold-hunting which started the Australias upon their new lease of life, and which causes action and reaction to be more frequent than in older and more staid countries. A gold-diggings ceases to be remunerative, and the one-time rowdy and bustling township becomes deserted and reverts back to Nature's care. Such dreary districts are common all over the land; but there comes a time to each and every one of them when capital is induced to try again if the gold is not all gone. Then is the quartz-reef discovered, money is invested, settlers of a less restless stamp are attracted, and gradual but sure progress is made. It is almost impossible to point to a single Australian town that has not a history something similar to the above. Nor is it only in such an exciting bustle as gold-digging that this feature is to be observed. The quiet occupation of sheep and cattle raising on Crown lands, called in the colonies squatting, has shown just as fitful a history. New districts have been made known by explorers and immediately rushed by pastoralists, only to again revert to the Crown after a year or two's occupancy. Then a second time does there come the wave of progress, just as in the case of gold-digging, in the shape of the moneyed man who is working systematically and not impulsively; and the district which by the unsuccessful ones had been declared to be totally unfitted for stock- raising is found to possess advantages inherent in it alone. Thus has it been with the now splendid districts of the Darling River; with Southern Rivcrina, with the greater part of interior New South Wales, with the coast country of Queensland, and also with that immense area of this latter- named colony—the district of Burke. In the five years which have elapsed since the burning of the Dead Finish hotel and the opening time of this chapter one of these waves of depression had passed over this Gulf country. Fever had broken out in Burketown, the then capital of the district, death had decimated the little population, and frightened away the remainder; although proof was conclusive that this special fever was imported by a trading schooner, and was not peculiar to the climate, yet a scare took place, and the town of Burke soon had not a single inhabitant left in it. Very low indeed did the tide ebb from the one-time bustling Albert River. The squatting stations of the district originally had been stocked mostly with sheep of the poorest quality—the rejected culls of the flocks of New South Wales stations—and these sheep did not thrive. Expenses of station management were at that time excessively heavy. Fencing-in had not been adopted; also the Franco-German war broke out, and wool went down to no price at all; so that sheep-farming in this far-away region was found to be anything but profitable, and many of the pioneer settlers were ruined. Again, to crown the years of disaster, there came in 1870 a tremendous flood in the Flinders and other of the large rivers. Homesteads were swept away, and thousands of sheep and cattle were drowned. Thus it came about that almost the whole Burke district was relegated to solitude and nature. The roads quickly got obliterated by overgrowth. All bush public-houses were abandoned, with the exception of one at Normanton, on the Gulf shores, and one at the Cloncurry 350 miles inland. Taking those Cloncurry mountains as a centre, and describing with a radius of 300 miles a circle around it, there existed within it an area of no less than 600 miles diameter of the finest possible grazing country in the world; and yet the whole of this was lying almost useless. But fortunately there were a few plucky pioneer squatters— men who cared nought for comfort or discomfort, for semi-starvation and difficulties; such men as Harm, Walker, Hetzer, M'lntyre, M'Gillvry, Cuthbert, Gibson, Walsh, Sheaffe, Hayes, and Henny; who recognised that they were settled on the best of land, and that success must perforce come of such a circumstance. The growing success of these at last gradually dawned upon the mind of the capitalist squatter of the South. Then a rush for the country set in that surpassed that of its most prosperous days; every square mile of available land was hunted out; the Lands office was besieged; and nearly all the hardy faithful pioneers, I am glad to say, sold out at high prices, and reaped the reward of their years of self-denial and hardship. It was just at the time of this feverish reaction towards prosperity that I again found myself acting as manager of the very station upon which at one time had stood that monument of pioneer civilisation—the Dead Finish Hotel. I need not write how this came about, as it is foreign to the story; still, if things had not turned out so this tale would never have been written, for it was the extraordinary circumstance that I have now to relate in connection with the fate of my old stockman, Red Dick, that caused me to hunt up his history and put it on record. It was now no uncommon occurrence for parties to past the homestead—one time owned by Mr. Stapleton—travelling with mobs of cattle, and in search of new pastoral country. These expeditions were variously equipped, from the light-luggage speculative party of old Queenslanders, with only 500 head of cattle, and pack-horses upon which all rations and requirements were carried, to the more cumber some and elaborate turnout of the Victorian capitalist, with 1000 to 2000 head of cattle, drays, covered waggon for the owner and family, and other impedimenta very trouble some in new country, where even a track is not to be seen, let alone a road. One night upon arrival at my homestead I found a large mob of cattle camped near. It was evident at a glance, as I took in the surroundings, that the owner was new to the district and probably was a man of capital, and that he intended looking after things himself, for I noticed a comfortable covered travelling waggon, and beside it was a woman respectably dressed and evidently of superior bearing. Hospitality was, and still is, a virtue everywhere practised in the Burke district, and so any new-comers as well as known residents were always invited to pass the night at the home stead. After introducing myself to the lady and gentleman,l found that their names were Mr. and Mrs. Thornley, and during our evening's conversation was told that they were old Victorian squatters, but that owing to the extinction of the squatter in that colony by the encroachments of the selector-farmer they had decided to travel to Queensland and search out new pastures, and that they were now bound for the Leichhardt River, where they had been told some good country was to be got. On the road Mr. Thornley had fallen in with a well known Gulf man, one Jack Ralsh, who, for the comfortable consideration of £200, had agreed to show him this unoccupied country and pilot the whole lot to it. Now, according to the Crown Lands Act of Queensland, it is necessary, before any application can be lodged for previously unoccupied pastoral country, that the applicant make a declaration to the effect that he has five head of cattle upon every square mile of the country applied for; the consequence of this being that there frequently were most exciting races between different parties, each of whom knew of the same spare blocks of land, as to which could get his lot of cattle on first. This being accomplished, the would-be owner had to mount horse and ride to Normanton, perhaps 400 miles distant, and there lodge his application; for the first application lodged got the country. It sometimes happened that two lots of cattle would enter upon the same block on the same day and unknown to each other, and the consternation of the parties when meeting may be imagined. Then each would select his best couple of horses, and the race would be to the one who could out-tire or out-dodge the other. The tricks resorted to, and these races when won, formed a great source of amusing talk at all camp fires. Now, Mr. Thornley had been anxious to secure 300 square miles of country—a quantity that seemed a large one to him as lately a Victorian squatter although decidedly a small run to a "Gulf " man—and so he had provided himself with 1500 head of cattle; but when he had mentioned this to knowing Jack Ralsh this old pioneer had laughed heartily at his "greenness," as he called it, and then explained that with only 500 head he could take up the whole Leichhardt, for all that the Act required was for the applicant to declare that the run had been stocked, but mentioned nothing as to how long it was to remain stocked. " So," he said, "all you have got to do is to travel the 500 up one side of the river and down the other, thus stocking each block as you pass over it, and by this means take up 5000 square miles if you like. Moreover," he continued, "there is another mob coming from the Diamantina, and travelling by the Cloncurry and Curr's station, and as far as I could gather from inquiries they are bound for these very blocks I am putting you up to; so you had better let me push on with 500 head; you can then start for Normanton and make your applications for as much country as you like." To Jack Ralsh's intense disgust Mr. Thornley could not be brought to see this in any light than that it was dishonest, to say the least of it. "I will not go outside the law and commit perjury for the sake of a bit of country," he said, "whatever others may choose to do." Ralsh tried hard to convince him that perjury in the Gulf district, when applied to the evasion of the Land Act, was no perjury at all; that everyone did it, even the magistrates— squatters themselves. But Mr. Thornley was firm, and declared that he would not follow their example. "Well, then," replied his guide, "there is nothing for it but to take the short cut through the scrub and pass by the old Dead Finish. I don't like doing it, I confess, but you compel me to, for we have lost so much time on the road through carrying those wretched young calves that I fear those Diamantina folk will be down before us." "Why don't you like going this short cut you speak of?" questioned the squatter. "Because, in the first place, there is not a vestige of a track for the waggon and drays, and there is a belt of fifty miles of gidia scrub to go through; and I am rather doubtful about the water. Also if the rainy season sets in it may any day—then we should be swamped in the level flooded country around the Alexandra lagoons. Then there is another reason, which you will doubtless laugh at, but which any old Gulf man would consider the worst objection of the lot: It is that we must camp at the Dead Finish waterholes, it being the last water for a stage of twenty-five miles through dense scrub; that distance we may manage, although the weather is hot, and those miserable cows and calves of yours will many of them drop behind; but if we do not camp there, as the next water on this side is fifteen miles from it, that would make a stage too long to travel." "Well, why not camp at this Dead Finish waterhole, as you call it?" "Why not! Good heavens! man, don't you know it is haunted by the ghost of Red Dick and that the only mob that ventured to camp there since his death was scattered to glory by the ghostly stockman?' "If that is your only reason, Ralsh." replied the squatter in a most cynical tone. "I'll take the chance of the ghost if you will guarantee the twenty-fifth mile dry stage and the Alexandra Lagoons." "Oh, it's all very well for you to say that, but supposing there is a smash in the cattle. I lose my bonus money. I tell you, I don't like the ghost, although you do sneer at the idea. Bullocky Bob saw him once, and so did Jim the carrier; also that new chum swell at Baldore, and a mob of blacks camped there were so frightened by his appearance that they nearly turned white." "Don't talk such confounded nonsense, Ralsh. I thought you were a man of more sense than to believe such camp-fire yarns. These ghost- seers, blacks included, probably had a bottle or two of Jamieson's brandy with them. That's the most likely solution of the case. At any rate I'll pay you the £200 bonus, even if the ghost does scatter the cattle; but what about the scrub?" "Well, if you will put that in writing I don't think the scrub will trouble us so very much. I have twice taken cattle through it, but that was years ago, when the Gulf was full of the real jolly old stock of fellows, and squatters did not travel in buggies with their wives and baggage. This was intended as a hit at Mr. Thornley, for Jack was somewhat nettled at his sneering ridicule about the ghost. However, the squatter thought it wise to take no notice of it, and that night he wrote out an agreement by which he bound himself to pay Ralsh his money even if the ghost did scatter the cattle, and he told him to camp at the Dead Finish waterhole and chance it. "I could not have credited that such superstition existed in this new country, and in these days of education and scientific discovery," he said to himself, as Jack Ralsh left the tent. "Stupid self-opinionated fool !" thought Ralsh, as he carefully folded the agreement and put it in his pocket-book. [TO BE CONTINUED.] 