Turf Talk. By Memo. The present is rather an awkward week to write about racing-, for the general entry for the Sydney ' Turf Club Meeting and acceptances for the Royal Stakes and the Queen's Birthday Cap did not close until Thursday, and therefore there has not been time to review them. More over, one is shut out from remarking upon the Adelaide . Gup by reason of its being run shortly before we go to press. The entries referred to and a telegraphic re port of the fcouth^ Australian^ Meeting will be found in another column. ' At, Ihe annual meeting of the Hay Jockey Club the following repbtt was read by the hon secretary :— ' In pre senting. their report: the outgoing committee regret that the annual race meeting for this year was not so successful es usual, . The racing was fair, but the attendance of the public very mtagre. There was, however, no hitch in the arrangements, and the dub has a balance of over £100 to credit in the bank. During the year the executors in the estates of Messrs. Lang and Palmer (two of the guarantors of the ttnstees on account of overdraft) have been pressing for settlement and release of their liabilities, in order that the estates might be wound up. The committee arranged that, should the club be in a position to do s-, they would pay off &50 of the debt, and bo release these estates, which proposition was assented to by the execu te re, the A. 3. S. Bank, and the four surviving guarantors. The committee hoped that the profits on the annual races would have proved nearly sufficient to pay this £250, but unfortunately such has not been the case, and it will rest with the members of the dub and the new committee to decide as to what shall be done, for the club cannut longer stand in the way ot winding up Messrs. Palmer and Lang's estates. New hurdles have been boucbt during the year at a coBt of about £15, and the clubs properly (which has been insured during the year lor £800, at an annual cost of £2) is in fair order and condition. No nominations for new committee have been lodged with the hon. secretary, so that according to our rules the retiring committee will be re- elected by this meeting. The dub is now registered nnder the new rules, which tbe committee consider a step in the right direction.' The general balance- sheet showed that the assets were £233 Us. lid.; liabilities, £82 15s.; leav ing a balance of £150 19s. lid. The trustees' account shows that their debt had been reduced by £178 10s., leaving them indebted to the amount of £750. The following gentlemen were elected office-bearers for the ensuing year : — President, Mr. James Russell ; vice president, Mr. C. G. Stewart ; treasurer, Mr. J. EL Macfie ; auditors, Messrs. Koope and Lafcenma; There being no nominations for the new committee, the old members were declared re-elected. The Queen's Birthday Meeting of the Melbourne Hunt, Club can hardly fail to 'bo a great success, for all the events have filled well, and nothing remains but fine we ttber and satisfactory handicapping' to make the reunion even more attractive than UEuai. There are 14 in the Hurdle Race, 27 in the Queen's Birthday Stakes, 14 in the Open Steeple chase, 17 in the Corinthian Flat Race, 14 in the Selling Eace, and 23 in the Flying Stakes. Amongst those entered in the jumping races aie Erin, Vaulter, Alhambra, Blackthorn, Don Silva, our troublesome friend Hubbub, and Britisher, who ran third for the Bawkesbury Handicap and the Great Metropolitan Stakes; while in the flat races are to be found the names of Verdure, Welcome Jack, Squireen, Conteseina, Wizard, The Ghost, andHaidceof theHille. The declaration of weights for the Metropolitan Stakes has been postponed until July 2nd, same day as Melbourne Cup appears. - Inspector Webber has been very busy of late, and crippled and harness-worn horses would eoon be a novelty inbydneyif the magistrates were to inflict hues wish a' little more freedom. It has baen a HopeleBs-Hubbub after all. At the next meeting of the Hay Jockey Club, William Roberts was to have been called upon lo show cause ^why he ehould not be disqualified for having scratched Terminus for the Billston handicaps after the horse had. become the property of Mr. Dillon. The verdict recorded.by the jury at Darlinghurst on Wednesday last will prevent the horae felayer from putting in en appearance at Hay, and therefore the club will be compelled to withold ijs investigation unt 1 April 1891. Ihe case, which was one of the most brutal that I ever listened to, was dearlv'provetf, and a. full report of tbe proceedings will be found in another portion. of this paper Terminus, who is by Khedive from Daphne, by Mario (by The Premier) from Ariadne, by Touchstone horn Besey Bell, by Black Prince, haffbeen a very fair performer in the provinces; and, as he is not likely to fcutTer permanently from his injuries, he will in all \ protabilitv live to win many races while his would-be murderers are working for Government. The Duke of Athol and honest old Bylong have not yet been avenged ; but, as his Honor Judge Windeyer quotes ' eight years on the roads as the usual penalty' for malicious horse-murder, it is not improbable that we have heard the last of tbe cowardly crime. Hubbub, who is very appropriately by Confusion, has been renamed Harper-Thompson. Mr. Scarr writes that he has declined to frame handicaps for tiie ensuing Mudgee Meeting. I do not see how he could do otherwise, for the handicaps are to close on the 17th of May, and the weights are to make their appearance on the 19th— not much time to hunt up public running. Our prediction for the Adelaide Cup — The Plunger 1st and Sting 2nd— was not far aetrav, for Sting was let and The Plunger 2nd. Several wagers were laid in Sydney late on Thursday afternoon about Sting for the Adelaide Cap, and there is something like a suspicion that the takers had the news of the result before backing the horse ; but under such circum stances a backer has only himself to blame, for the race having been run, he should not have wagered. A most welcome addition to the horse stock of the colony arrived by the Aberdeen on Tuesday, in the shape of two Suffolk draught mares, and a Norfolk trotting cob. The mareB— a light chestnut, Matehet,3yearB, bred by Mr. Grout, and a dark chestnut, Duchess, 3 years— were selected in England by Messrs. W. Danger and Lowe for Mr. A. Danger, of Baroona. The cob, Cherub, was purchased by the came gentleman for Mr. W. Danger, ot Neotefield. He is a beautifully coloured dark bay, a mass of power and ttreegth, combined with quality, and is just the sort of stallion, that is required to improve the roadsters of the colony. He is by Mr. D. Oyloy'e Confidence, dam by Wright's Lord of the Manor. They were under tile care of T. Waldock, who landed them in capital order and delivered them to Mr. Miller, who will take the cob to Neotstield and forward the mares lo Baroona to-morrow night. Tbe Kymagee Eaces came off on the 3rd and 4th of May, with the following result: — Maiden P!a*e, l\ mile: Quceneborough 1, Reuben 2, Darkie3. To*n Plate: l\ mile: Eighteen, 7st. 111b., 1; Avalanche, 8st. 111b., 2; Fille de l'Air, 6st. lllb., 3. Flying Handicap, f-mile: Garoccoek. 9st. 51b., 1 ; Whynot, 7st. 121b., 2 ; Orphan Girl, 6st.. 3. Publicans' Purse, 1£ mile: Whvnot, 7st. 41b., 1 ; Quceneborough, 6st 81b., 2; Fille de l'Air, 7st. 4lb., 3. Jockey Club Handicap, 2 miles : Avalanche, 8st. lllb., 1 ; Barmaid, 7st. 21b., 2 ; Not Much, 7et. 51b., 3. Members' Plate, 1 mile : Reuben 1, Shearer 2, Not Much 3\. B urdle Race : Pilot 1, Heather Bell 2, Fille de l'Air 3. Forced Handicap : Whynot 1, Gamecock 2. The following are the entries for the Hartley Meeting, which is lo come off on the 24th of this month: — Maiden Plate: Wandering Jew, Malta; District Handicap: Mer maid, Malta, Byron, Helena, Wambeen ; Champagne Stakes: Wambeen, Malta, Quail, Speculation. On Monday Morceau came into the market with some force for the Royal Stakes, and 1000 to 100 was accepted, but Hawthornden still held his own at 100 to 12, while anything more than 100 to 10 would have been accepted about Boniface or Gloucester. For the Queen's Birthday Cup 100 to 12 was forthcoming on the field, Cunnamulla being most landed, and Ascot, who ran eo well at Dubbo last week, was in considerable demand at 100 to 10. Creswick was inquired abont, but offers to lay 100s to 10 were declined. There has not been any right-out betting of a sensational character upon the Eoyal Stakes and the Queen's Birth day Cup, to be run at the Sydney Turf Club meeting on the 24th inetant, but a good deal of business has be jn done in doublet? at from 1000 to 10 to 1000 to 5. Calma, Chucksfer, and Marchioness have been ecratchei. for the Queen's Birthday Cup, and Colstoun aud Mistake for all their Sydney Turf Club engagements. Our Bourke correspondent telegraphs that for the Central Australian Handicap there were 18 acceptances, and for the Hurdles 12. The meeting takes place on the 24th instant, her Majesty's birthday, and is likely to be the best, numer ically, yet held on the Darling. Our Grafton'correspondent telegraphs that the following nominations have been made for the Ulmarra Jockey Club Handicap, to be tun on the Queen's Birthday : Rosemary Sir Edward, Rataplan, Prince Imperial, and Victor. The South Australian Jockey Club Meeting commenced on Saturday, when moBt of the events were won by favour ites ; but the defeat of Euchre, who did not get a place in Hurdle Race, and of the speedy Bis Bis by Dirk Hatter aick in the All-aged Stakes was unexpected; and as the last named also won the Flying Handicap, beat ing Transferred, Luna, and others, he must be a good one. The trustees of the Parramatta Park having refused to allow further racing on the old course, a general meeting of the members of the Parramatta Jockey Club was held at Hack's Hotel on Monday evening last— the president, Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.L.A., in the chair — when, after consider able discussioD, it was decided to place £800 of the funds of the club in the bank at a fixed deposit for six months, pend ing Euitable arrangements being made for a new course. At a committee meeting subsequently held, Mr, J. J. Taylor, for private reasons, resigned his office as honorary secretary and as one of the hatdicappers. Mr. Taylor's resignation was received with much regret, and a unani mous vote of thanks was accorded him for the valuable ser vices rendered to the club. Mr. W. H. Hillas consented to act temporality as honorary secretary. The annual meeting will take place on the 25th instant. Our correspondent at Wellington, New Zealand, tele graphs that Proudfoot's Sir Modred has been shipped to Sydney per sttamer Haurota. The dates for the Mudgee Tattersall's Meeting; have been altered from the 24th and 25th of May to the 3 let of May and -be lot of June, and the dates of nomination, &c;, have been extended for a week. TLe general entry will therefore clofe with the secretary, Mr. G. H. Hill, at G p.m., on the 25th of May. A cumber of thoroughbred horses and mares, the property of Mr. John Cooper, are to be offered by Mr. R. Russell by public auction at Charters Towers (Queensland) on the 1st of June ; and amongst those that will be submitted are Confucius, by Fireworks from Chrysolite (the dam of Henchman, Aureola, Vaucluse, &c;), by Stockwell from Juliet (tbe dsm of Sylvia, the dam of Goldsbrough and Robin Hotd, Charon, Benvolio, &c.;), by Touchstone ; Rose of Victoria, by Angler from Rose dc Florence ; Lidy Lilliard, by Panic (imp.) from Miss Melbourne; Frivolity, by Talk o' the Hill from Levity (imp.), &c.; ; and several others of undoubted breeding. A boy, named Charles Newland, having left the service of W. Higginbotham without leave, racing men are cautioned against engaging him. Mr. T. S. Clibborn, the energetic secretary or tbe Aus tralian Jockey Club, has a number of men employed forming the new tan gallop at Randwick. Our Queensland friends propose to engage a public hanii cepper at a salaty of £300 a year. Lord Burgbley was beaten by nearly half a distance in Ibe Dubbo Jockey Club Handicap, so that it may be pre i-nmed that we have eeen the last of him. Legerdemain broke down badly when running in the Railway Purse Handicap, at the late meeting, and it is doubtful if she will ever rare again. Clevedon, tfae fine strapping brother to Chester, who is in Lsnaohd'6 etable, is not likely to.be able to stand a pre paration for the A. J. C. Derby, on account of an old injury to his hoof having come against him. Mr. J. Golby's Rapper beat Mr. Stiff's roan gelding in a three-mile match for £40 on the Bathuret racecourse a few days ego. : The Dubbo Jockey Club Autumn Meeting, which took place on the 3rd and 4th May, and a telegraphic account of the first day of which appeared in our issue last week, -was generally accepted as being about the 'most successful that Las ever been held in the district. The racing vra;.' far above the average, and the following were tbe results: ? OptninfT Handicap-, 1 J mile : Mr. S. Bradbury's Twelve Tears, (late Burwood), by Yattendon from Gazelle, aged 7«t, 1 ; Mr. J. Berry's Byron, aged,6st. 81b., 2 ; Mr? A. RouBe'a TilHmby, 6 years, 6st. 121b., 3. Stockdale, 9at. 101b., who was t£e favourite at even money; Norman 6st 12ib. ; Ibe King, 6st. 51b. ; end Barney, 6st. 61b., also ran, and the trip was done in 2.12, which] shows that the old horse has not lost his pace. Novel Selling Race, H mile ? M r. E. Taj lor's Glimpse, 1 ; Mr. T. SaundereVShaughrauni 2 ; Mr. N. Miller ns Darkie, 3. Time, 2.20J. Jockey Club Handicap, 2 miles : Mr. G. Matthews's Ascot, by Kelpie I from The Them, 3 yeare, 7et. 71b. ; and Mr. W. Kite's 1 Normenby, 3 years, 7V. 21b., rand a dead heat; Mr. S. I Bradbury's Twelve Years, aged, 6st. 71b., 3. Lord 1 Burghley, 9st. 31b. ; Fleetwiner, 6st. 71b. ; Saunterer, 6b(. I 61b. ; Legerdemain, 7st. 121b. ; and Joker, 6st. 2lb., also ] started. The first four horees finished within half a length, 1 and the two miles were run in 3.37. Six Furlongs Flutter : J Mr. W. Forrester's Soldier Boy, 3 years, 8st. 71b., 1 ; Mr. W. I Kite's VeJox, 6 years, 7st. 71b., 2 ; Mr. J. Cook's Vestal, 7st. 3\. ? Echemer, 6st. lllb. ; Wheel of Fortune, 6st 91b. ; Lady Rowena, 6st. 51b. ; Barney, 6st. 51b.; sad Wiagadee also started. The eon of Wilberforce won easily in 1.17 1-10. Shorts Handicap, 1 mile: Mr. J. Gunnell's The King, 4 years, 6st. 31b., 1 ; Mr. T. Brown's Saionara, 3 years, 8et. 51b., 2 ; Mr. W. Otbell's Wheel of Fortune, 4 years, 6st. 31b., 3. Helena, 7st. 31b. ; Norman, 6st. 121b. ; and Jack Robs, 6st, also ran. Saionara was the favourite, but was defeated by a short neck. Time, 1.43. On the second day the business ; began with the Flying Handicap, 1 mile, for which Tillimby, 7st, was backed at 7 to 4 ; but could only get third to Mr. J. Cook's Vestal, by Wilberforce, 6st. 101b. ; and Mr. W. Lee's Schemer, 6et. 3lb., in 1.43. Prince of Wales' Stakes, 1£ mile : Mr. E. Taylor's Emily, 1 ; Mr. W. Ryan's Elastic, 2\. Macquarie Plate Handicap, l|mile: Mr. T. Brown's Stockdale, by Yattendon from Stockdove, 6 vears, 9st. 31b., 1 ; Mr. J. Cook's Saunterer, aged, 6st. 71b., i; Mr. S. Brad bury'6 Twelve Years, 6st. 91bH., 3. Normanby, 7st. lllb., was tbe favourite at 2 to 1 ; and Stockdale was backed at i to 1. The other starters were— Tait, 6st. 121b. ; Fleetwing, 6st. 101b. ; Byron, Cst. 51b. ; and The King, 6st. 31b. Ftockdale won by a short neck, and Saunterer beat Twelve Years by a head. Time: 2.41. Sapling Stakes, 1 mile : Mr. J. Yeoman's Norman, by Yattendon from Hebe, 3 yearo,^Gst 51b., 1 ; Mr. J. Gunnell's Wingadee, 3 vears, tiet., 2; Mr. W. Forrester's Soldier Boy, 3 years, 8st 12lb., 3. Soldier Boy was the favourite at 2 to 1 on him. Time : 1.46. Bailway Purse Handicap, 1£ mile: Mr. J. Berry's Byron, by Bylong, aged, fist. 101b., 1 ; Mr. W. Kite's Velox, 5 years, 7et. 61b., 2; Mr. S. Brad bury's Twelve Years, 3. Legerdemain, 7st. 101b., and Joker Get. 71b. were the other starters, and the journey occupied 2-12$. Forced Handicap, 1 J mile : Mr. J. Berry's Bjtoe, 7st. 101b., 1 ; Mr. J. Burton's Helena, 7at. 2lb., 2 ; Mr. W. Or bell's Wheel of Fortune, 6st. 71b., 3; time, 2^16. The settling took place on Friday evening at the Royal Hotel, when the following amounts were paid over : — Mr. T. Brown, £131 5s. ; Mr. W. Kite, j£99 5s. ; Mr. G. Matthews, £92 5s. ; Mr. J. Berry, £84 6s. ; Mr. J. Cook, £55 5s. ; Mr. E. Taylor, £53 10s. ; Mr. J. C. Gunnel, £49 5s. ; Mr. S. Bradbury, £49 5s. ; Mr. J. Yeomans, £41 5s. 6d. ; Mr. W. J. Forrester, £36 6s. ; Mr. Lee, £4 ; Mr. J. Burton, £2 ; Mr. W. Ryan, £1 10s. Total, £700 5s. The Warwick meeting came off on the 8th and 9th of May, with the appended results : — Members' Cup : Gold finder, 8st. 101b., 1; Satirist, 9st. 21b., 2; Sportsman, V7rt. 91b,, 3. Sires' Produce Stake-: Lady 1, Lizzie 2. Warwick Handicap : My Love, 6st. 101b.. 1 ; Adamantea, 7et. 51b., 2; Explorer, 7et. 21b.. 3. Selling Race: Cannon ball 1, Talisman 2, Whynot 3. Flying Handicap: Medusa, 7et. 31b.,l; Satirist, 9st. 21b., 2; May-be, 7st. 41b., ,'3. Maiden Plate: Medusa 1, Explorer 2. Johnny Gilpin Stakes: Sir Harry 1, Grey Steel 2, Charlie 3. Turf Club Handicap : My Love, 66t. 91b., 1 ; Adamantea, 7st. 41b., 2 ; May. be, 7st lib., 3. Mares' Produce Stakes: Lady 1, Circe 2. Consolation Stakes : Brisbane 1, Circe 2. Forced Handicap : Satirist 1, Brisbane 2, Lady 3. The firet race meeting at Moonee Ponds, which will take take tbe place of Kensington Park in Victoria, is fixed for tfae 2nd of July. The general entry for the Adelaide Racing Club Meeting, which is to beheld on the 19th, 21th and 26th of May, is to close on Tuesday nexr, when acceptances must also be sent in tor the Queen's Birthday Cup, and the City Handi cap. Late sporting items will be found on page 904. 