TEI RUSSIAlN CORONATION. The following interesting account of the ceremonial observed at a Russian corona tion, is taken from the Pall f2ll Budget of 6th April: "The great ceremony has always been performed in the Church of the Holy As sumption, within the walls of the Kremlin at Moscow. The great Kremlin is an octagon plot of ground of many acres on a high elevation,-snrrounded by high walls and fortifications, and contains four Crown palaces, three cathedrals, the headquarters of the Imperial Guards, the governor's re sidence, a university, and a number of monastries and nunneries. The appearance of the Kremlin is very striking, as the walls are white, the fortifications emerald green, the entrance rose tinted, and the roofs of the cathedrals gilded, the whole forming a wonderful sombination. The coronation procession begins to form at the cavalry barracks, four miles distant from the Kremlin. "Early in the day appointed for the cere mony sixty heralds, mounted on cream colored horses and commanded by a master of ceremonies, appear before the gates of the barracks and blow a salvo, upon which the colonel of the regiment appears and asks what they want of him, 'The Czar com mands thee follow me,' is the answer, and the gates are thrown open, and the regiment, which has been expecting the summons, gal lops out and follows the heralds. The heralds then proceed to the barracks of the Lancers, where the same thing takes place, then to the University, then to the Cathedral of St. Nicholas, where the clergy join the procesaion, then to the law courts, where the judges fall in, then to the headquarters of the marshals of the nobility, the staff officers, the several professions, the gover nors, the prefects, the deputations from every part of the empire, the trade guilds, &c.;, each body joining at a separate place, and all being summoned by the heralds, as in the first case. The procession goes on swelling until it reaches enormous proportions, so much so that when the head of it arrives at the Kremlin the tail is still at the other end of the town. Arriving at St. Demethue they find it closed. The heralds then blow their trumpets, and the commander of the citadel appears and demands what they want, to which the crowd replies, 'The Czar.' 'And what for?' asked to commander. 'To crown him the most powerful of the power ful,' is the reply, and the gates fly open. The Metropolitans of Mhoscow, Kazan, Novgorod, and Kieff here head the procession, and, with the deputations from every part of the empire. they advance to the palace and form in front of it. These deputations consist of Russians, Roumanians, Kirghiz, Chinese, Mingrelians, Bashkirs, Peles, Georgians, Cireassians, Calmucks, Armenians, Turko mans, Tartars, Ecquimaux, Afghans, Bul garians, Laplanders, Mongolians, Persians, Finns, and Bokharians, all in their respective national costumes. The Metropolitans then advance and call upon the Czar to come for-, ward, upon which he appears at the portico, dressed in the uniform of a colonel of the Imperial Guards, with the Empress, dressed as a Russian peasant, on his arm. The in stant the deputations are aware of the Im perial presence they kneel, and being asked by the Czar what they want of him, the Metropolitan of Moscow replies that they have been sent from far and wide to see their Czar anointed, so that they can return to their homes and assure those who sent them that the Czar is verily the Lord's anointed, and that they may obey none but him. Thence all proceed to the Cathedral of the Holy Assumption, the Czar and C"arina walking between the bishops and the deputation. "Arriving at the church, the Czar and his wife are shown to ordinary thones near those of the bishops, and the special service im mediately begins, After the first lession is read, the Metropolitans conduct the Emperor and Empress to a canopy of scarlet velvet, richly embroidered in gold, the principal figure being the double-headed Russian eagle. Under this canopy is an elevated ilatform, upon which are the historical throne of the Czar Vladimir Monomague and an ordinary arm-chair for the Em press, also a table upon which are the sceptre and crown of Constantinus Monomachus, a sword and a mantle of ermine. The nobles now advance from the south of the Cathedral, and surrounding the platform, draw their swords and place them at the feet of the Czar. The Bishop of Kazan then asks the Emperor in a loud voice if he is a true believer, to which he replies by reading the Lord's Prayer and the Apostles' Creed of the Greek Church. The The Bishop next says :-' If there be any of you here present knowing any impediment for which Alexandera, son of Alexander (or other name), should not be crowned by the grace of God, Emperor and Autocrat of all the Russias, of Moscow, of Kieff, of Vladimir, ef Novgorod; Czar of Kavan, of Astrakhan, of Poland, of Siberia, of Kherson-Taurida, of Grousi; Gosoudar of Pskoff; Grand Duke of Smolensk, of Lithuania, of Volhynia, of Podolia, and of Finland ; Prince of Esthonia, of Eivonia, of Courland; of Semigalia, of the Samoyedes, of Bielostok, of Corelia, of Foer, of Ingor, of Perm, of Viatka, of Bul garia, and of other countries; Master and Grand Duke of the Lower Countries in Nov. gorod, of Tehernigoff, of Riazan, of Polotsk, of Rostoff, Jaroslaff, of Bielosersk, of Oudork, of Obdorsk, of Kondisk, of Vitelsk, of Matilaff, and of all the countries of the North ; Master Absolute of Iversk, of Kas talnisk, of Kabardinsk, and of the territory of Armenia; Sovereign of Mountain Princes of Teherkask; Master of Turkestan, Heir Presumptive of Norway, and Duke of Sles wick-Holstein, of Stormarne, of Dithmarse, and of Oldenburg, let him come forward now, in the name of the Holy Trinity, and show what the impediment is, or let him remain dumb for ever. "This as repeated three times, and upon ono objection being raised, he lays his hand upon the head of the Czar, who immediately kneels. At this point the Metropolitan of Moscow takes the mantle or ermine from the table and throws it over the kneeling Cgar, saying-' Cover and protect thy people as this robe covers anid protects thee;' the Emperor replying, 'I will, I will, I will, God helping,' and kissing the prelate's hand. The Bishop of Novgorod now places the sccptre in the Czar's hand, saying-' May thine hand which holds this wither the day thoun areounjust; the answer being, 'Be itso ?' after which the Bishop of Kieff places the crown upon the Emperor's head. At this point the Empress kneels beside his husband, who partly covers her with the cloak of ermine, and also holds his crown above her head for a few seconds, without, however, placing it upon her head. "The Czar and Czarina remain in prayer for several minutes amid a deadly silence, and the instantthey rise to their feet bishops, nobles, deputations, and all present kneel to them, shouting, "Long live the Czar!' The cry is taken up by the hundreds of thousands who are outside, the heralds sound their trumpets, guns are fired, and bells are rung. The Czar commands the people to rise, and is again surrounded by the nobles, who receive their swords back from the Imperial hands, the Em peror sanyiog, 'It is thy country's,' to which the noble replies, 'and my Czar's.' ?.tass is again resumed, and the Emperor proceeds alone to the altar, passing through he Golden Gates of the Inconostasini, which ae closed behind him, thus hiding him from v.iw Here, after partaking of the Holy Comn sunion, the Metropolitan of Moscow anoints his head, tempics, eyelids, lips, nostrils, oars, sreast, and hands, saying, 'Behold the seal f the Holy Ghost, may it keep thee ever soly.' The gates of the Inconostasiuni are re opened, the Czar appeals before them, and is hailed writh shouts of 'Thou art verily by the Lord anointed.' The Empress ad vancs to the ;anctury and kneels to her lord 1ho bids Ir rise, and they walk ount f the catlhedra:l ari in arm. At the door isa gilded chariot drawn by twelve white horses ilto, whichl they enter, the lsriuccs, ts n, e llcnilaes os tmou Imeslrial fahsily, fecign imonsarchs, gucts &C.;, cntering ether State chariotO. The upcession again forms s.it lid so apppsroihinge·the'Kremlin,' and ,with its nose additions, moves slowly!thlough the gaily decorated town. According to an old custom, the Czar's carriage, instead of being guarded by troops, is surrounded by one hundred maidens belonging to the best Russian families, all dressed in white and holiday garlands of flowers. Court balls and receptions begin in the evening, and last for a fortnight, after which the Court returns to St. Petersburg." 