' "Rip Vah, inkle»" . CJoMio opera, in'-tliree acts, by Heiirl ' Meilhac, Philiippe Gille .and H. B.-, i Farnie ; music ,by Robert Planquette, bad its first riresentation to the world.. 1 at the' ''Comedy .Theatre, - London,- on , the 14th of- October, 1882, and it.may be noted as somewhat singular that - ' thoiigh written by' a .foreigner,, it had . , its initial performance bi 'the'V Me-'-! tropolis of the World" ere its pro- i duction in any other part of the world.' The work possesses all the elements - of a theatrical success. : i The story' by' i i Washington Irving, first appeared1 in his Sketch Book in 1819. There have ; been many" dramatic versions of the i play. Notably to Australians, is the one presented by Mr. J oseph J efferson at the Princess Theatre, Melbourne, i on the 31st of March, 1862, and since then at divers times by Mr. J. L. 1 Hall, the late Stuart O'Brien and last, ' I but not least Mr. J. 0. Williamson. The play was first dramatised and ' produced in America — the ' most ) famous versions being those presented by the late J. H. Hackett, one by a , Mr. Kerr, and the other by the well- k known dramatist, Bayle Bernard. Then caine the version by Charles Burke, which was brought out in' 1849 . at the Arch-street Theatre',' Philadel phia — Burke himself playing ifip'with I Jefferson 03 the inn-keeper. This . adaption was afterwards .used' for a long time by Jefferson, but was, at I last, re- written and re-constructed by i Dion Boucicault, and produced by Jefferson in Australia as above, and . i subsequently at the London Adelphi Theatre on Sept. 4, 1865. . Jefferson's . performance is, no doubt, well re- i membered, and unquestionably -meri- . ted the enconium passed upon it by ' America's poet-critic as having " ri- i pened1 into unquestionable, unassail able, auspicious and beneficent perma- 1 nence." Intheopening actof the opera, i we find Rip's wife, Gretchen, anxious ly waiting her husband's return from 1 his unknown trip. When the light- , hearted fellow arrives, he is joyously welcomed by Gretchen, but ultimately 1 he leaves for the mountains tp escape ; .arrest on a charge of. .treason brought by his enemy and; his wife's former lover, Derricks Von Slous. He also has an object in visiting the" hills to discover, the treasure said to have been hidden by Gapt. Hendrik Hudson and :his(crew; So enda thefiTst act. i In the second, the niale villagers, with Nick VecLder, the inn-keeper, and the Burgomaster, follow Rip for the apparent purppse of arresting him . but really to help towards his escape. With the object of aiding him, , Katrina ,; , Vedder's, daughter, . and , 'Gretchen, Rip's wife, accompanied by the girls of the Sleepy Hollow, also go after, him. ..Gretchen meets and tries to' persuades him to . accompany ,. her ; but . Derrick "ap- " proaching,. Rip "hides, "and Gretchen,' fearing for her husband's life, pretends to make love to the., rascally-lawyer, ' and jthus :gets him away. " Rip is now left. falone i and.. begins: his experience: with the ghosts of .Hudson's, crew. This act is. the strongest, in the.piece. . - He' is surrounded by the goblin crew of Hendrik Hudsonj and. the drink which sends him off into his sleep of twenty years is given him by a fay. The scenery in - this act — on the E reduction of the opera, at the Mel- ourne Opera House— from the pencil and brush of Mr. Harry Grist, will be something maryellous.- , When, in the . third.!' act, ; Dip. awakeris.'the .village ' has increased to. an important, town , and all things have changed. Gretchen 'is dead,1 but in her place is ' her daughter,. Alice, now grown into i a 'handsoriie woman. !Sip is dazed arid amazed, and the pathetic recognition between father and,, daughter is ef- Tected through'IZtp singing an old song ' which he had taught his baby child and which serves to prove his identity, rind brings the opera, One of the very best of1 its class toa satisfactory and 'happy conclusion. On its production in London, the principal parts— there , are over forty filled in its perfor- .mance— were" thus" sustained.:— 1 Sip ''Yah- Winkle. Mr.'. Fred; Leslie Derrick ( ; Ton tftou3,.Mr; .AV..Sr:F4Dtley ; - Peter . Von -.punk, Mr.-LouIa.KolIeher ; .pied rich Knicher- i .JocX-crMr.' ,E.' Willmore ; Nick Tedder; Mr. ' Lionel Brough 'pQretchcrijl Jlisa Violet Camel- | con!; JSr(i<r't'no',iMlss Sadie.Martiriot ; Sara, Miss OUfayQrabam ;\ Jqomtha; ,Miss , OoMtacoe | "Lewis; Little Hardcase, liias Mndgo Milton ; Hans, jMiss ppMatpn 'Little Alice, Miss | Alico vioat ; Tom Tit, Miss'Roso Moncriegg. ;a-Soori after- the 'first- presentation of the work , at the. 'Goinedy' Theatre, LondonV'Misai'Msrtiriot : seceded and i vWasi.Succeededun'the rfile of Katrina by Mdlle. Camille Dubois wlio made' her initial appearance in Australia, at i th'e .'Opera House1,1 Melbourne, under 7(theLmaiiagement of1 -the' late W. S. iLysterjas Adele, in 'the opera, " Die i Fladermrius"'' 'Feb. ;5,; : iI876. The lady was "then on her honeymoon trip ' .with her husband 'the;.heir,-presump- tive ' to - the '.Earldom of Hardwicke. Shqrtly!after their return j to Europe I 'he ohmiried a- divorce -frorii his wife, < 'and1 she 'once -iriore returned to the stage. To return to the -promised ( presentatign of " Rip Yaa »V'mkle " j on the Melbourne stage, the music is very excellent, the melodies are often ( original but always bright and spark- i -ling and well fitted to the1 situation, and as in the composer's former work i (" Les Cloches de Corneville,") tune- . ful and ear-tingling. The orchestra tion, which is- an essential feature, is I exceedingly effective. ' From the man- . ,ner and . . style " it is lintended to produce it . . at the ; Opera House ( .here, a secured success may almost be . voted a " moral'' certainty; : ' _ . . .(W.H.W. < 