ELSTl'RN W/CK PAHK RACES. The Victorian Trotting Club held a meeting on their Elateritwick Park course on Saturday after noon, when thero waa a fair attendance of visi tors, taking into consideration the fact that tho day was one of the moat unploaaant yet expe rienced this summer. The heat during the wbolo day was most oppressive, and tho strong north or north-west wind, which raised clouds of VHUUlUg UUOti, UiUUO UdclL WIS OVIll ttblo. Notwithstanding tbeso drawbacks, the its&d; wai pretty well filled with ladies, and thero was the usual muster of ' regulars" in tho reservo. The aiternoon's sport proved onlyofu very middling- description# As usual, at meolins held under the auspices of the Victorian Trotting Club, an attempt was made to justify the title by baring some trotting contests. Thcfce, ac fur us they have gone, cannot be re garded as & 6Uicess, and on Saturday they ptored even less interesting than usual. Tho arut event originally adverti&od; in the programme was the Boccaccio Two Year Old Stakes, This was, however, postponed until u futuro meeting ; consequently proceedings commenced with the match Leitbam&tead; r. Nellie, for £200, The distance was three miles, and tho "contest" proved one of the luost hollow uifairs ever witnessed on any track or racecourse. The mare never had the ghost of u show, uud 1 e'oru two miles had been truversod Leithiinistcad wua k clear half wile abea'Ja and, though he almost walked tho last round, he won by sowething J'.ko a quarter of & mile, Mr. Bob bins, who ro le Nollio, cannot be complimented on the style in which be did it. lie would hare managed her much better in a sulky# She pulls too Lard to bo successfully ridden by anyono, and could bo bold in much better control wlion going at her greatest speed from a sulky ; u hard mouthed trotter is certain to break oitcncr in saddle than barne&s.; This match having been settled, the Maiden Plate (fiat race) took place. There wero ten starters, of whom l'olly was tho favorite. However, tho winner turned up in Paganini, owned by Mr# W. Field, of Tasmania, a gentleman whose n&mo; used tofiguro much more prominently on the Australian turt than ' it ..does ' at present. Fagamni won in good stylo, his most trouble some opponent being Isabel, who was second. The next cvont was a trot for the 50 govs, puree. This was to bo decided in milu heats— tho best three in five. There were oniy three starters —Bella Campbell, Little Dick andNolIie.. The latter was distanced in the first heat, which Bella Campbell wuu, sho, in her turn, being dis tanced in tbu second ouo by Little Dick# . Such aro tho peculiarities of trotting. Littlo Lick, driveu by-lin nhaia, was quite out of the first milo heat, won by Bella Campbell, in 3 inin. 4 J sec. Driven by Bobbins bo won tho next one in 2 min. 544 sec., and, further, appropriated tho mouey by distancing the uiaro which had just beaten him. In the last boat, Urimwood, who ro le Bella Campbell, entered a protest against the driver of Little Dick, for having shut him in noxt to tho. rails .soon after the start. As tbo allogod occurrence happunod right under the stewards' eyes they soon Uisposod of tho protest by dismis sing it, ami lorfeitiug the 2 guineas deposit, on tho grouud of the complaint beiog frivolous. At the aume tiuio, opinions were expressed that Grim- wood's stylo of riding the grey mare was anything but satisfactory. Thero were seven starters for the Selling Kaco, half a mile, the winner being Bon Don, who started iavorite, ut 2 to I. Hill Talk was also backed, and would hare beon better in it at the finish than he was had he no-: been blocked by Mumeluke wbeu within 80 yards of the post. Tho winner, Bon Bon, was knocked down to Mr. Sloans for £55, tho whole of which goes to tho club, his selling prico having been reduced to niL Proceedings concluded with tho Christmas Handicap, for which only scvou horses out of tho eighteen colored on tho card faced tho starter. Huntcrwastbefavori'c,at Jtbl;FailIoioo's price being a point bettor. Mr. Miller's horse made most of tho running except for a time, when he gave way to Fuganiiu, and itappeared us though the ' 'violinist" was about to repeat his performance in the Maiden Plate. However, ho died away after tho halt mile bad been done, and Pailleroo, running in good style the whole distanco, easily shook otf Dougalstou, Hunter and Tho King's con, and won by three lengths. ; Air, Miller also suc ceeded in running a horse last as well as first for this oVeufc, as Pyrette, who got away badty, was unable to mako up loBt ground. Tho racing was over.boforo fivo o'clock, end, doubtless, most of < the visitors wore glad to escape tho dust and heat, The details are as foiiow Trottino Match, ol 800 sovs. Three miles. 1 J. Brentua'a g g Leitbamsteod, aged, by Alarm (Ut-otihaiu) I O. Clarko's b in Ncilitt, aged .. .. (F. Bobbins) 0 Betting: 6 to 4 on Leithaniatead. Leithamstoati on the Jnaido got awuy shghlly in front, the maro 'breaking itumuaiatcly thu word 10 go was glvon. She, howe er, went away rapidly, and got on terms with tho gioy before tho quarter milo was reached. Hero both homes broke, and on getting Into ihtir stride again Lollhaiustuad went fliea-.ily aUcad, mcreaung h|a advantage us the second milo w.ts tra versed. Nellie broke repeatedly, and eventually finished a quarter ot a milo iu the rear of the grey, who had been pulled almost into u walk. Time, U min. 27 see. Maiuks Plate, of 40 bovs. ; weight for age. Five furlongs. \Y. Field's b g Pcgatilnl, 4 yrs., by St. Albans— Muriel, S at. 11 lb (Robertson) 1 J. Harper's b f Isabel, 8 yrp., 0 at. « lb. pVUflatas) 2 B. G. Cook's b o Tiuhbome, 3 yrs,, 8 &U; 4 lb. (JohitBou) 3 J. G. Rcid'a clt g Tho Ghoit, &yr;&# Bat. 121b. ..(Hoaklns) 0 T. Coffey's br c Wotonga, 3 yrB-, 8 st. 4 lb. (smith) 0 J. A. Lang's1 br i Agatha, 3 yrs.', 7 at. 13 lb. ,, (Walker) 0 M. Simmons'? b f Polly, 3 yrs., 7 at. 13 lb. (Uurtou; 0 J. WtilUmghaui'a b 0 llazol, 2 yrs,, GsL UlD. (Bacchus) 0 11\. Cotmo.ly 11s gc Orlando, 2yr4.,C»t.0ib. (Uarr) 0 fct. Miller's cli I Wilhula, 2 yrs., 6 st. 4 lb., (2 lb. over) (Olds) O Bolting; 2 to I against Polly, 4 to 1 pach Agatha aud Tiehborne, 6 lo 1 cuuh i'agunini and Wiliuuia. Alter u couple 01 attempts thoiut were sunt away tj a moderate start, of wlrcn Puily got decidedly tho best, I aganlnl being in closest attendance 011 hor, Orlando occupying ue.M place, while WilUulu got awuy last. The two leaders maintained thoir po&iliuns; as far as tile turn towards the straight, Isabel and Tho Ghost iu U10 meantime uoming up to third and fourth places, while Orlanao mil back. Alter they turned into tho straight i'agattiui assumed thu lead, aud came home an easy winner by a couplo of lengths, Isabel being jjyeOiMi, ami Tlchooruu mini, Polly was fourth, U'il- Iftida uud The Ghusl finishing next, while. Oriaudo finished last. Time, 1 min. 5 sec. Pl'ksz, ofoOsova. For 2.50 uiaw ; winner, 40sovsj . second, iu sovs. Mile hca-a— best 3 In 5.' D. uolliua'b b g Little Dick, aged, bv Daniel Boone - (Breuhatu) 2 1 J. A. Roberta's g in Bella Campbell, aged .. .. (GriimviMHi) 1 disL C. Clarko's b tn Nellie, aged .. (Clarko) Uist. First Ileal: Bella Campbell went to tho iront&t; <£ho start, but soon broke, allowing Littlo Dick, and Nellie to get ahead. Glttle Dick led as far us the half-mile, uhciu Bella Campbell again gut 011 terms with him, and caused him to break. Tho trrcy mare thcu weut steadily ahead, and maintaining her advan tage lo the fliiisn won easily. Little JJick, who had not Blupetl well in the laut Imh-niiie, being sccoud, while Nellie was distanced, 'rime, 3ndn. 4 see. Second Ileal: An excellent atari was effected, both iiniMB passiiig under uhe wueuxuoUv together. They, however, iniimdiately broke; Bella Campbell, taking some time bclnre she was willing to settle imo a trot B"ain. Little Dick, with Robouis, instead of Bronham, us driver, weut 111 fine Stylo, and eventually succeeded Iu distancing the grey mare, who broke repeatedly.' Timo, 2 min. 61 sec. Handicap 8r.u,ixa Rack, of 40 sots. Winner to bo sold for 100 sovs.; 7 lb. allowed off handicap weight (or every £25 reduction in selling prico. . Four fur- lougs J. D. Robertson's br c Bon Boo, 8 yrs. (mTLby Kcl- plo— Swcetlipe, 6 fat. 13 lb. (8 lb. over) (Burton) 1 II. Connolly Ufa br Ji Mameluke, aged (£50), 8 st. 10 (Robertson) 2 T. Chadwick's br c Hill Talk, 3 yrs. (nil), 7 at. 0 lb. (Burr) 3 II. Griffin's bk h Weatbury, aged (nil), 8 st. (Hutcbcns) 0 T. Matthows's bk rn Beada, 4 yrz. (nil), 7 st. 4 lb. (Cope) 0 J. Alexander's br c The Beadle, 8 yrs. (nt7), Ost. 12 lb. (3 lb. over) (Mungrove) 0 T. Coffov's b iu Prattle, 5 yrs. (nil), 6 st. 12 lb. (Walker) 0 Betting : 2 to 1 against Bon Bon, 4 to 1 Hill Talk. Bon Bon was quickesfiuvay, closely followed by Prattle, Mameluke, Hill 'lad- and VVudtbury, Bcada,who had got -off very badly, being last. Bon Bon and Mameluke remaiued at the head of affairs arouud tho turn, West- bury being their nearest attendant. The leading pair were almost abreast a. they turned into the straight, Mameluke having the inside running. A good race homocmued, Uou i'.on ultimately winning by a length from Mameluko ; niir Talk, who had made a- good olfort to como up next tho rails, would probably hivo .gotzeeoud place, hut was shut in by Mamuluko. As 16 was he finished a good third, Prattle wue fourth, WoRbury flfth.Tho Bcudlo sixth and Beafia last. Timo, 51 ace. The winner was sold to Mr. D. Bloane for £65. Christmas IIaxdicap, of 40 sovs. One mile and 80 yards. S. Miller's be Pailleroo, 3 yrs., by Oliver Twist- Gelatine, 7 t ..(Olds) 1 J. D. Robertson's b b Dougolston, 6 yrs., 7 st. 6 lb, (Burtou) 2 8\. Mabon'a b c The King's Son, 8 yrs., 0 st. 7 lb. .. .. (Williams) 3 C. Fleming's ch g Forlorn, 4 yrs., 8 st. 7 lb. (Smith) 0 W. Field's b p 1'aganiul, 4 yrs., 7 st, 4 lb. ..(Foou) O W. Langtay'sbk h Hunter, Syr. 7st. ..(Johnson) O 8\. Miller's br 1 Pyrette, 3 yrs., 6 st, 0 lb. (Twoiaey) 0 Betting : 3 to 1 against Hunter, 4 to X Paillero, & to 1 each The King's £on and Dougatstoo. A very fair start took price, P.iiileroo aud Forlorn getting away soonest, while Tyrctte wa lavt. Pailleroo lorl around the turn, closely attended by Pagiuatii and Forlorn, Pyrotteand Hunter being whlppers in. Ao they went along the back of the course I'agunini assumed tho lead, I'atlleroo, however, retaining becoml place, For lorn being third. Opposite the hulf-mllo Pailleroo went.up to'.Parfaninl, ihe pair racing abreast for a few stridei. As they rounded 'he turn Pailleroo Increased hi (cad, Papauinl dropping hack. Dougalston and Hunter also improved their positions, and almosf-got on term with ir. , Milter's horse, who, however, again drew away when the straight was reached, and came hoqie a winner about three lengths from Dougalston. The King's Son finishing third. tw« lengths behind, lluntcr was fourth, Forlorn fifth, Paganiul 6th and Pyretic last. Time, 1 min. 51 sec. 