VICTORIA RACING CLUB WINTER j MEETING. SATfKOAr. .Hlv21. Stewards—Messrs. C. 11. r is'ier. 11. O'slia- i uassy. R_ GoMsbrougli, 1>. S. Wallaee, and K. rower. Judge—Mr. .1.-loiiHStnn. starter j —Mr. G. Watson. IIanIie.ijK>er—Mr. K. T. j Barnard. Clerk oi theOoursc.---K. .loimsson. Timekeeper—Mr. T. f hunt. Sevreta ry—Mr. H. B. Moore. Had the leading ravin-: institution of the | colony made special arrangements with the ; clerk of the weather for a line day. it could j not have been better suited than it was on j Saturday last, the day.sec ap-tn for the Grand | National meeting. A bright warm sun :ui«l almost cloudless sky gave tok-'ii of a pleasant afternoon, and withsosnniptnousa bill of fare to set before the nablio. libera! patron'ge was a matter of certainty. The n il as usual was | the most popular route wiiis tl.e uovusloik, but i the road, was also weii patronise.!. and the at- j tendance showed a considerable increase i upon that of List ye jr. New Souili Wales.) Tasmania, and .South Australia were all well j represented, and among rise visitors were i several English and Indian tourists who j could not have seen i'ieiiiingron under more i favourable eircuiustatio.-s. c-x«vpt in the spring j when the English trees are in leaf. The first j thing that- struck the eye of the regular i habituf was the great ininrovenu-nt Mr. j Moore had made by raising the liill. and this j point of vantage was as popular as e ver, huge I ntunbersof the stand people wend trig their way 1 thitherto see the Grand National Steeple-j chase. His Excellency the Governor and suite were present, and took a lively interest j in the affairs of the day, which proceeded • merrily until the jockey Mdtines met with an i accident which unfortunately deprived the poor fellow of his life. This deplorable event had adepressing effectnpon everyliodr. With characteristic punctuality the business of the day was commenced, and time being well kept, the visitors were enabled to reach town by 5 o'clock. ' When the bell tang out its summons to prepare for the opening event, there was something like a rush to get a gimp3e of the much-belauded Ontario, who was quickly surrounded by an admiring crowd. The general opinion was favourable, as the horse possessed most of the qualities essential to auccess in hurdle racing, but more than one good judge ventured a remark that be was not quite cherry ripe, and would l»e all the lietter a few months hence. Only half a dozen numbers were hoisted on the hoard, and as a matter of course the Baliamfc repre sentative was a strong favourite, but when The Joker was looked over bis superb condi tion created a most favourable impression, and a good deal of money went on to him. Another that had plenty of admirers was Belle Brandon, a useful-looking up-country mare that was turned, out in splendid condition. Lottie, Tattler, and Sinking Fund were not fancied, though all three had their good points, and time may ripen them Into useful exponents of hurdle racing. < Hie race was run ata utisembly slow pace. the favourite pulling and yawing about In a manner which could not have been pleasant to his friends, who were alarmed to tup nn? ww* #u*w 0- mil home the pace increased, and - aft ig the abattoirs, it was evident tb An was uneasy on the favourite, whi Joker War going wonderfully well) Hatty's baods.Aa jthey. rounded toe hoc term Ontario raised the hopes of his friends 1 | yQBtangafqrwaid movement, butitwas only flash 1n the pan, for directly they commena rftripghe appeared tp he in trouble, and T1 Joker'^atways" having, <h* bfct of Bel Branilon,beather handsomely. "Hie wiini vaSteeainSdathAastralia, where he w. xehased by his present owner, for who won an aiaatmrrace at the autumn meetiu ^nrnn^ opened on the Maidi Jfoma,. the best perfonner orww - oat 10 ■ minutes before toe H appointedtEor the Start. This oonduefcon Mrl-nf>a MHiilier tif the mmmteoa .1 of the committee <« * <*b and toe. Adeww — 0. Inglis. The into paused Hope to advance u iiand-most <rf toe' other met rrito s^p^' Hailstoxin and Glenan quickly rmttommwlves out of court by refusin, at toe stom yaU trear the abattoirs, aqd the eerionsly totorfexedwith Hope, ona . . "5 .. . inspecting the horses engaged in the Grand National Hurdle llace, one of the tirsi, to cross our path being Sparkc, a slashing \ fine chestnut, with plenty of else and sub stance, and quality withal. He did not, how ever. appear quite so well strung up as Ins stable companion Hhesus, who never stripped in better form, the son of Panic evi dently being timed to the day. Lothnir too, was in fine form, every muscle being well defined ami his bright bay coat Bhining like satin. Prospect, who had been reported to l>e as good a horse as Sir Peter, did not strike us as of the same calibre as the winner of this race in 1881.. He is a brown with white face and white hind feet, and to us he ap peared to lie a bit of a star-gazer, though lie walked with that corky nction which catches the eve of the many. Not much fault could l>e found with his condition, albeit several ventured an opinion that lie was a trille dIkivc himself, which iB certainly thought correct. liar won struck us as a useful sort, but being badly handicapped lie was considered to be held safe by Di/.zv, whose appearance rather sur prise.! us, for we had heard from Jiallarat that he had not been feeding well, while to-dov he looked a perfectly-trained animal, basilisk also was in capital torm, and so was Triplet. Prospect, however, maintained his position as first favourite, although nearly everything else was liucked, Dizzy coming in for a good deal of support, csi>coiftily when it bora hip known that Hatty was to ride him, this jockey being disengaged in consequence of liie disqualification of i Matador, as the fee for an amendment of his entry had been paid by a cheque which had been dishonoured. It proved a most fortunate mount for Hatty, as the sequel will show. : The pace was exceedingly fast, and Lothair j held a jiosition in the rear, while Sparke, who pulled tremendously, cutout the work. Basilisk held a good position with the I Brighton chesnut, and the favourite shaped passing well, but when the real struggle commenced lie was not in it, and as ther entered the straight nothing looked "so well as Hhesus and Basilisk; hut Batty, on Dizzy, had been judiciously biding his time, and swooping down on the two leaders at the distance, he had them j l»eaten in a few strides, and though Khceus j struggle 1 oil with his customary gaineiiess, i lie could not extend tltt light weight, who j won in the easiest of canters. The favourite i cut up very badly, failing to get a place, but J the top-weight was close up to those who i tilled the situations. The winner was bred j by Messrs. AV. Wilson and Dougharty. lie j is a bright Iwy horse .standing about 15h. i 3iii., very symmetric illy and powerfully j formed, with a splendid set of timlier under j him. and in the matter of breeding cannot | !>e surpassed, for he is by the imported horse i Ifughenden from the imported mare Hinno lnungie, by Blinkhonlie from Patchwork, by | Young Melbourne from Makeshift by Volti geur. His previous performances were so good that directly the weights came out for the Grand National Hurdle llace it was pro nounced a morn! for him, hut reports of -an unfavo;!ruble nature were circulated about the , horse, and thenubfie in consequence stood off liiin. Nordidtheov.*ncr(Mr. Forth)gwinmuch by the victory, for Dizzy had not been feeding well, and except in doubles with Lizette, he had not a shilling ott, albeit a few who fancied the horse in the paddock supported him pretty freely. The defeat of Prospect was very disastrous to the. public, as the horse had been put aboutas tue best thing that ever came from Ballarat The result, however, conclusively proved that it was one of the worst, for Prospect never even raised the shadow of a hope in the bosoms of his friends, and a more disgraced favourite never jserhaps came to Klemington. The successive defeats of the Ballarat party did not strengthen the confidence of those who had invosred in favour of Australian Court, who, nevertheless, looked wonderfully well, and as Corrigan was confident, the horse did not recede to any great extent in the betting. Notwithstanding the confidence of the partisans of the Dowling Forest stable, one section of the lbularat party was particularly sweet upon the chances of bailor, who had evidently undergone a moat careful prepara tion, and was a liettcr favonrite than Aus tralian Court; and Trumpeter, who had been backed by htsowner on the previous evening never looked better. A similar remark will apply to Chrysalis, who was as fine aa a star. Obodiah presented a very healthy appearance, and notwithstanding that "ales" nod com pelled Morrison to ease him in his work, he —m full of muscle. As Batty had been «c isful twice previously, those who thought was his nay followed hiua once mote., niter's friends thought they had an out-. Ic chance, and the horse's performances d appearance fully justified this opinion, leofthe least thought of among the com titors was Black(hora,and.though he was! magnificent condition ho was vfti ist friendless, albeit his owner, Mr. T. . Phillips, had backed him to win about ,000. Hie Warmambool mare, Lizette, 10 looked exceedingly well, had .ft wig body of supporters, but she is the first "to make a mistake, for abe a off at the fence near the bridge, and r rider never attempted to follow the tiers, so that bar backers were put out of eiriniserysconce. The next to dropout* is Obadiah, who hurt his stifle at the fence" st the abattoirs, and Batty, was compelled poll him upanddisroouut A'aidtersetrieC 9 chnhce by falling 'at the paling fence ifta >nt of the stand. ana thouihphe horse rclMB er he was quickly on hk feei; Mktn jpdfflj esaddle, but pursuitwas hopelesa. ^in. ] iile the lavowitehcld i Mt«nat«B ** £ I ft: Harry also received genuine sunnorT^T' a most interesting race Sunlight tfuisLfU^1 but mi returning to scale hia jockev«»«ijfst' draw the weight, and tfiough the bridin 01 added, he was stiil n quarter ol a pound mJu? The lad remained on the scale for Borne but was ordered off, aiid Wild Ham's bS?14' being all right, he was declared thel& This was a Bad blow to tlioae who had Wwi Sunlight. Up to this the public had had^ moat disastrous tame, but it remained a wind-up of the day to fill their cup ofSfiJS8 to the briin. In a field of 23 for the l'Tot Tmnsfered was most in demand, but A winner turned up in a tank outsider Virago, a very _ and Miss Saxon ana nuns nawu, tnouga tne Btable waaevi dently as much in the dark as the public ri" speotiug her capabilities, for Mr. William bailey had not a shilling on. As the peonU were. leaving the standi enclosure Mr. L i Smith posted himself at the gate, and in » sponBe to his request to subscribe somctiiiiyj towards the mother of tlie deceosed»jod:«? M'lnnes, the visitors gave £10014s. 6d MAIDEN HURDLE RACE. Of 6 bo vs. each, with 150 sovs. added. The Rewind horse to receive 20 sovs. and third 10 sovs. About two miles. * Mr. S. G. Cook's b g Tho Joker, by Bismarck Queen of Hearts, 4 yrs, flat. Mb. (Batty).. , Mr. 11. Levin's b ui Belle Brandon, 6 yrs, 10st. 81b (Creo) r" « Mcs<rs. Robertson and Wagner's br c Ontario, 4 vra * But, 121b. (Corrigan) * ' , Mr. H. Phillips's b m Lottie, aged, lost. 81b (Perkins) ' » Hon. IV. Pearson's eta f Tattler, 4 yrs, Ost, mi,, Mr. i. sl ni son's bl c Binkinp Fund, 8 yrs, Ost, ' carried Ost Sib. (King) ' q Betting.—5 to 4 on Ontario, 3 to 1 agst The Joker and 5 to 1 agst Belie Brandon. ' Tho lot started off at a very slow pace, Lottie Sinking Fund, and the favourite running together' Tattler being last. Lottie led the way over the Bret hurdle, and was followed by Sinking Fund, n,. Joker, and Ontario. Sinking Fund rounded the turn into the straight, and led post the stand, attended bv Lottie, Ontario, and Hie Joker, which order «u maintained round, the-tarn. Along the river Bide the favourite dropped to the extreme rear, whilst Tattler went to the front, the next beinjr Me Brand on ; but approaching the sheds, Ontario b«an a forwaid movement, and was soon ovcrhahfing Mr. Pearson's flily, Hie Joker at the saine time being font along, followed by Belle Brandon, Lottie lying last of all, and clean out of it Before t'ucv reached the home turn The Joker beadat Tattler, and came into the straight with the lad, Belle Brandon and the favourite lying close up. At the distance Corrigan made his effort on Ontario, but the colt was almost immediately beaten, and Ike Joker was sent out, to pass Hie post a length and I half in front of Belie Brandon, who iimalied two lengtlis and a half before the favourite, close up to v. hoin were Tattler and Sinking Fund, whilst Lottie was beaten off. lime, 4m. 85s. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. Of 5 sovs. each, with 130 sovs. added. Second to re ceive 35 sovs.' and tbird 10 sovs. About two mi'.es and a quarter. • Mr. C. Flctnuiing's b g Shamrock, by Romulus Buekstone tnare, aged, list.Rib (Creo) .. ..1 Hon. IV. Pearson's br gSpeculator, 6 jts, 10st.9lb. (Asbton) S Mr. G. Glasscock's b g Hope, 0 yrs, I Ost ttb. (Kilduff). 5 Mr. R. Howie's g h Glcnara, aged, 10it tab. (M'Uowan) - „ •• •• ■ • ® Mr. 11. Connelly us br g Hart Royal, 6 yrs, 10st 91b. (M'Leod) .. — ® Mr. S. Motion's g g Hailstorm, 5 jts, lOst Mb. (Jclleti) .. ' ® Belting.—2 tol agstUop<r,3 to lapsl(Meaara,lQto 3 east Shamrock, and 5 tol agvt Specuktor, GHmragot best away, folkwod by Shaamith the first jump, where Haihtorw andGlctursbsulked, and interfering with Hope, hfc rtro stopped, but got over at the second attempt Hart. B«M camedon at tho second otutocle, and Sumireck tod fto around the turn, suooeeded by Bpectfiator toree lengths away, and Aheu Hope and Hrtbtoi® wav off, whilst Glenat* and Hsrt Royal were ortti tho hunt. Shamrock bald Ids own sM tfacwaytotfa torn; but at the river-side .Speculator, went opto him. Hailstormh«»Bwdirttiteliriteej^^te Hops fell on to htokni^«nd uns<^ KMkfl,rt« quickly remounted andwentafter Hopfrbeiagahsd third. Hum, dm. m . OBAXP NATIONAL HURDI.KBACE, CHI*sovs. each, with added. receive SO sovs., and third 25 sore. Abort W* miles. ~ , _ . Mr- D. Foster's b g Piscv; &Mtjgfaenaro-Hliin;'>- ^ mnugie, 4 yw, 0et> wb. ABfMff/ - - , .Vrf Mr. J>. S. Wallace* Ust »k £ Mr^Slft. Cook's bgfigsBisk, ' Mr. B. Howie's br b 1S& *»• MrfS^Weeks's b « ' £.P,FWkm«* • , vra l(riL rtbJ»SUtS : - -Y JTS, lort, Mr. I. FmilsbamVt (Kilduff).. .. Bcttu»g.--4to4e stoisgstPlssy, d tot Iving- « pU up to Ms horses. Lirettc ran round at the b'ridprc jump, mid Sailor thereupon took the lead, attended li.v Australian pourt Truinpetor, Black, thorn, Chrysalis, and Vaulter, with Block Jacket last u.riner baulked before coming to the sheds, and'' ' " ■' on to a fenoe and injured Mariner uauuwu — Objdiah having jumped on to a l himself internally, had to he pullod up at the sfde of j the training ground. As they came down to the turn, Blackthorn went through his horses, and led into the straight, followed by Australian Court and titor fell at the paling fenoe, but wa« at J S&asSF; » M. fcsssteai Slumping'weU- nou Trumpeter being tit into °^uand then fihickthorn. .rent into the ruse bis immediate followers, and new was no noteworthy incident till they reached I the abattoirs, where Australian Court • came to I nief at the stone wall, suooeeded by Chrysalis, who foiled on to poor M'lnnes, the effects of which ter- I minated fatally in a few minutes after his removal fiaiior now went on in close attend tothc^nKthorn,ftnd these twojwere in front sssSi*** 1est SS tiff Black Jacket wwji »w... , _ fourth, and Vauiter last, some distance away from Haiper-Xhompson. Blackthorn entered the home straight with a clear lead of Black Jacket,and thus they came along to the end of the stand, where Bailor got the best of Black Jacket, but he oould never catch Blackthorn, who cantered past the poet the easiest of winners by a oouple of lengths, Black Jaoket finishing third, three lengths in rear of the second Trumpeter, close up, was fourth, and then at long intervals came Harper-Thompson (who pulled un >nnd Vaulter. Time, 7m. 17JS. * "sELLINO HURDLE RACE. 0(3sovs. each, with lOO sovs. added, fo ndles. lr. R. Battys d g swimuuu, — ricd 9st. (Wall) Mr J. IPGrade's bl g Black Princo, aged, 8st- 01b. (Kllbv) A J Mr. T, Harrington's b g Springfield (late Stranger), aged, 8st. 91 b. (U attie) 0 j Mr. 0. pycre's b g Sunlight, aged, Set. filb. (Fergu son w* dls. Betting.—5 to 2 agst Sunlight, S to 1 agst Wild Harry and Black Prinoe, and 6 to 1 agst Stormblrd. Slormbird, Wild Harry, and Black Prince were the first awa.v, and the former led into the straight, at tended by Black Prinoe and Wild Harry, next in whom was Sunlight, and Springfield last Half-way up the straight Black Prinoe became the leader, and vent round tbc turn, holding his own to the bridge. J '* —»vi nt/,wniiitd where Wild Harry 'took second j and Sunlight following, whilst Springfield bad fallen further and further away. Past the theds Wild Harry had the lead, the other three being close upon him. and they need thus to tbe turn. In the straight they were abreast, and a capital finish ensued, till they had crossed the last hurtle, where Sunlight came out and won by a length from Wild Harry, who, shaking off the chal lenge of 6tormbird, took second place a length and a half in front. Black Prince was fourth, and Spring, field came in with the crowd. Time, 8m. 68JS. On on was found to be a quarter returning to scale Ferguson was I of a pound short, ana Sunlight was accordingly dis qualified, whilst Wild Harry was declared the winner, I and be was bought by Mr. Horman Wilson for 601 guineas FLAT RACE. A handicap of 5 sovs. each, with 160 sovs. added. One 1 mile. Mr W. Bailev's ch f Virago, by Slanderer—Miss Sason,3 yis, 7st. 8lb. (M'Gowan) -• •• 1 Mr. A. Jl'DoaaW'e br g Bonnie Bee, 6 yrs, est 41b. (Haies) ,, •• • • ** ** * * »• 2 )ir. T. Jones's ch or r h The Ghost, 6 yrs, Ost. 121b. ^ Mr E^lveeks's b c Transferred, 3 yrs, 9st. 9lb. (O'Brien) • • •• ® Mr. J. Morrison's ch c AUander, 8 yrs, fist. Bib, (Conollr) 0 Bon. W. Pearson's bl f Contessina, 8 yrs, Sat. 1Mb. (Power) 0 Mr. 6. G. Cook's be Anglesey, 8 yre, Sst 181b. (8. Johnson).. .. ® Mr. S. Miller's b f Cooreena, i yis, 8st. 91b., carried 8st. 111b. (Oarey) .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. M. Griffin's bl b Westbuiy, 6 yre, Set. 81b. (Ro bertson) .. .. ® Mr. G. Flemming's ch c Turretfleld, 4 yre, 8st 71b. (Smith) ' .. .. 0 Mr. J. G. Reid's ch h Tumult, fi yrs, fist. 71b, Strat ford) .. .,0 Mr. A. Davicrfs g m'Josephine, 5 yrs, 8st. 61b.(Barr) 0 Mr. R. M'Kinley nk b f Castaway, 8 yrs, fist. Mb. (Daris) .. ..0 Mr. C. Flemming's chg Forlorn, 8 yre, 8M. lib; (Saunders) .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. .WGrade's br c Tantallser, 4 yrs, 7st. 111b. (Croker) .- .. .. . . 0 Mr. W. Langley's br t Mary, 4 yre, TBI. 91b. (Brown) .... .. .. 0 Mr. A. Saqui's b c Mistake, 8 yrs, 7st 71b. (Walker) 0 Mr. H. Conolly'sgf Zephyr, 4 yrs, Vet. wb. (Wil liamson) 0 Mr. S. Gardiner's br f Omelette, 8 yrs, 7«t 41b. (Flanagan) 0 Mr. J. Whittingham's bl g Roottree", 4 yre, 7st. 21b., carried 7st. fib. (Slieehan) ' .. . . 0 Mr. W. Frame's b f flash of Lightning, 8 yre, 7st- - (J.Johnson) .. ;. .. 0 Mr. J. Whittingham'a bl I L'Afrioabe, S yrs, 7st (CrackneH) „ f. ... Mr. J.Simson's bl c Sinking Fund, 8 yre, 7sfc„ c&med7st41b.;(Kllby) .. .. .. 0 Eetting.~8 to 1 agst Trankerred, flto 1 agst The Ghost, ioo to 16 agst AUander, Oontossina, and Zeuhe-r ieo to 12 agst Bonnie Bee and L'Atncaine, tMl00to8agstBteSmi. . Hieiflag fell to a somewhat straggling start, -Bonnie Bee being the first away, thai Turretfieid, sad Jsntakser last. They raoed together in a heap to Jura>, funding which there was a slight ecrim % and the oolours of The Ghost and Bonnie Bed *mchwerei«A»wree»*«wJt.-•- - ^ ' r . wiviua w au® uiBM MK> EXBUU9 WB» which were momentarily risible, became "all at onos obscured. Mistake, was the first tolriy into the riraight, but Virago, inside the dittanoe, reunejaway, ^ nose in treat ofTfce ffliiwt, thefattm^ fourth teW Fund.' ^ ^ «nkln? I 