POETRY. Too Late* Ti»k'k sat an old man on a rock Aud unceasing bewailed him of Fate — Tbat concern were we all must take stock Though our vote has no hearing nor weight ; i And the old nnn sang bim an old, Old song* — I Never sing voice so clear and strong ' That it could drown the old man's long, I For he sane the sons 11 Too late I Too late 1** | 'When we want, we have for our painB ? The pr- mise that if we but wait I Till tbe want bas burned out of our bndnB Every meauB shall be present to sate ; While we send for the napkin the soup gets cold. Wbile the bonnet is trimming the face grows old, When we've matched our battons the pattern is eold, i And everything cotncs too late — too late 1 ' When strawberries seemed like red heavens-* Terrapin stew a wild dream When ay br-in was at sixes and sevens If my mother ' ad 1 folks' and ice-cream, Tben I g*zed with a lickerish hunger At tbe restaurant man and fruit-monger— ? But ob 1 how I wishei 1 were younger Wben the goodies all came in a stream — in a stream ; ?* I've a splendid blood-horse, and a liver Tbat it jars into torture to trot ; My row boat's the gem of the river — Gout makes every knuckle a knot I I can buy boundless credits on P-iri8 and Rome, But no palate for menuf-ao eyes for a domc Those belonged to the youth who must tarry at home. When no home but an attic he'd got — he'd got ' How I longed in that lonest of garrets, Where the tiles baked my brains all July, For ground to grow two pi'cka of carrots, Two pips of my own in a sty, A rose-bush — a little thatched cottag'i — Two spoons— love — a basin of pottage : Now in freestone 1 sit -and my dotage-^ With a woman's chair empty close by— close by! ' Ah 1 now, though I sit on a rock, I have 6barel one seat witb the Great ; 1 have sat. knowing naught of the clock, On Love's high throoe of state ; But tbe Hps tbat kissed and the arms that caressed To a mouth grown s'em with delay were pressed, And circled a breast tbat their clasp had blessed Had they only not come too late 1 too late V A 'cute animal.— The chamoleon reckons himself a clever little beast because he can changcbiscolour, but JudBon's Dyes will change the hue of any material. Judson's Artists1 Black gives a ' new dress suit ' to firegrate and ' fender. Judson's Gold Paint turns old picture | frames snd cornices into new ones. Judson is . an Alchemist, aud the Chemists, Stationers, and ! Storekeepers are his Agents. j fiKiNNi Men.— 'Wells' Health BcDewer' | restores health and vigor, cures dyspepsia, 1 impotence, debility. MoscffMoss k. Co, Syd | ney, general agents ' Bucuu-paiba.' — Quick, complete cure, all j annoying kidney, bladder, and urinary diseases, j Druggists, Moses Moss and Co, Sydney I General Agents, I Ghosts. — An attempt iB being made iu the I old country to revive the belief in visitant from another world, end many Brc the wondors ful stories that fill some of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley'6 ghost : ' How do I know that you are not a bit of andigested bread ?' for, of all the ghoat producers, a bit of ' heavy' bread ia the moflt potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt tbe surest spell against ghosts by using Borwick*s Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't 'raise ghoBts/' it will raise bread in the most admiiable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by bim, and every good housewisc buys i*« ' Bough on Bats.* '—Clears out rats, mice roachefl, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, insects, skunks, jack-rabbits, gophers. Druggists. Moses Moss and Co , Sydney, General Agents, That Hubbakd of Mine is three times tbe man he used to be before he began using ' Wells' Health Benewer.' Druggists. Moses Mobs and Co., Sydney, General Agents. 