Ovn morning contemporary, which makes a point of sending a specially prepared edition of Queensland news once a month for the enlightenment of stay-at-home readers winds up its last ' Political Summary,' despatched on Thursday night last, with the following oracular utterance : — Tho future is uncertain, the more so because a potent factor in the elections has been the anti-coolie cry, upon which question, however, those best informed bolioye th» Opposition party have no real intention to legislate. Par be it from us to dispute the above hypothesis, made, as it evidently is, with such an overpowering sense of the solemnity of the subject referred to — and the deep responsibility of the writer in Venturing to deal with it. The future is uncertain, when one comes to seri ously consider it— very uncertain. Not only the political future of Queensland, but its religious, moral, intellectual, social, commercial, and industrial future also. If it were not so, we should all De saved, a vast amount ot anxiety and worry that we find out afterwards were altogether unnecessary. Not only are the great majority of people in these times prone to meet troubles half-way, as the saying is, but they conjure up in their imaginations no end of gigantic troubles which never had, and never will have, any existence outside, those imaginations, and the victims wrestle with these troubles with terrible fierce ness, and ponder over them through the silent night watches in doubt and perplexity, amounting almost to despair, — and by-and-bye, after weeks, or may be months, of conflict, it is discovered that there was no occasion for a moment's uneasiness all the time, as things have turned out the very opposite of what was anticipated. This, if care fully traced to its true source, will be found to nave happened wholly and solely because ' the future is uncer tain.' Host assuredly the writer of that sentence was abundantly justified in the conclusion arrived at, and he can well afford to treat with dignified silence and contempt any one who ventures to question its accuracy, much less to deny it. We also think the writer is justified' in tho conclusion arrived at in tho .other, sentences quoted abovo. . ~Wo do not pretend to bo 'best informed' as to the intentions of the Opposition party should it succeed to power at the assembling, or soon after the assembling, ' of Parliament. To make a clean breast o£ it at once, wo plead guilty . to not being 'informed' at all, either ; best, middling, or worst, respecting the intentions of that party when they get into power, and have serious doubts as to that party having formulated their intentions up_ to tho present. Still, following strictly the system of inductive logic, so amply and beautifully defined by Mill- — and half-a-dozen clever fellows beforo him — we think the conclusion is inevitable that tho Opposition party have no real intention to legislate on the coolie question should they succeed to power, seeing, as the party must have seen, what a very potent factor in the elections the anti-coolie cry has been. To put it in another form, as tho con stituencies have with marvellous unani mity and with an earnestness amounting to passion in many cases, declared their intention to prevent, as far as in them lies, any provision being made by which the big sugar planters may dispense with European labour on their estates and over run the colony with coolies — why tho mischief should the Opposi tion want to legislate for the introduc tion of this kind of labour, unless it be for the purpose of being promptly driven from office again amid the howls and execration of three-fourths of the voters of the colony ? It does not seem reasonable to assume that the Opposi tion would deliberately bring about such a catastrophe the moment they had the opportunity; nor is it at all likely that they will allow themselves to be inadvertently led into committing such an egregious blunder. The utter hopelessness of carrying through Parliament any measure for bringing in coolies to compete with and drive off white labour from every sugar planta tion in the colony, which is, and always has been, the aim and object of the planters, may, we think, be fairly ac cented as another valid reason why the Opposition will not attempt any legis lation of the kind, even though the party may not have formulated any specific intention on the subject up to date. If the M'Ilwbaith Ministry, in the height of their power, with a strong and obedient majority at their backs, were not 'game ' to legislate for the introduction of coolies when there was some prospect of carrying such legislation through, why should G-hiffitu attempt it when there is no ghost of a chance of passing it, and when a large majority of his supporters are uledsred to the lins to onnose the introduction of coolies by every means in their power, and when their only chance of getting elected was by so pledging themselves ? Under these circumstances we think - it may be taken for granted that no matter how grievously it may annoy the large sugar planters in the north, they will have to be content with their 20 por cent, profit pel* annum, and tolerate a few European labourers on their plantations to supplement their gangs of Pacific Island labourers and Chinamen. Mr. Macrossajt recently told the electors of Townsville how, on one plantation he had recently visited on the Herbert Eiver — tbj3 Victorian plantation, the .property of the Colonial Sugar Itefining Company — there were 850 men employed, over 200 being white men, the balance consisted of about 350 Chinamen and 300 kanakas. Other plantations, he said, were em ploying men in the same proportions. Altogether, there were employed on the river about 2,000 persons, 600 of whom were white men who were not on the river eighteen months ago. On the Burdekin delta over £200,000 had been spent, affording employment, to 1,500 persons, 500 of whom were Euro peans, and he clinched his argument by affirming it to'be his deliberate con viction that this, or something like this, proportion of European labourers would be maintained on the plantations for.some time to come. He even went so far as to say that if coolies were introduced they would provide work for European labourers; but this was absurd on the face of it, and in flat contradic tion to the statement of the planters themselves, who candidly enough con fess that they want to dispense with European labour on their plantations. It is too dear, too independent — ' unre liable ' is the term they use — and too much disposed to stand upon its legal rights to suit planters. In addition to the great probability that the Opposition Party, if they succeed to power, have no real inten tion to legislate for the introduction of. ; coolies: — it is just possible that the .planters may find some addi tional difficulties thrown in the way of obtaining supplies of Pacific Island and Chinese labourers, in the near future. The true character of the. recruiting trade is getting to be known far outside the borders of Queensland ; and even now an Imperial ., Commission is in quiring into tho subject with a view to ? suggesting remedies for proved defects, or, 2 that be possible, inter dicting ' blackbirding ' altogether. Moreover, a number of return islanders from Queensland plantations are toler ably good shots ; and while here, they were allowed to invest in arms of precision, and ammunition to match, to the whole extent of their savings. After three or four years on a Queensland sugar, plantation and constant rifle practice and intercourse with whites — the islander does not stand in anything like the awe of the white man which he did at the first. If, under such' cir- cumstances, islanders with their foot again upon their native beach, well armed, and with a perfect Knowledge of the rascality and violence with which the recruiting of labourers is sometimes con ducted, should, savage-like, decide that it would be easier and more profitable to shoot the recruiting agent and crew of a labour vessel and seize the box of ' trade ' than to send their young men away for three years, with the chances ten to one against ? half of them ever coming back again — it seems the most natural thing in the world that islanders bo circumstanced would prefer inakin a_ dash for the box of ' trade ' and packing off tho boats' crew with their rifles from behind safo shelter. This sort of outrage is becoming more and more common of late, and even though tho Imperial commissioners may not succeed in throwing additional difficul ties in the way of recruiting, the little incidents abovemeutioned will niako recruiting Polynesians less attractive to the majority of owners, captains of vessels, Government agents, arid all con cerned, and this will enhance the price of tho islanders to the planters in Queensland to a very appreciable degree. And with regard to Chinamen, there is no sort of doubt that new and more severe restrictions will have to be imposed to prevent the colony from boing flooded and the European labour market swamped by these gentry. The big sugar planters and tho speculators in northern sugar lands are not yet in a position to dictate their own terms and mould the destinies of tho colony to their ideal, whatever may come of it. Tub question of what would bo a fair rental for outside squattagea in Queensland must bo determined by circumstances. Tho New South Wales Commissioners, referring to rentals for Division III,, their great pastoral regioD, extending to the limits of that colony adjoining South Australia and Queensland, show what would have been tho aggregate income for twenty years in that district at an average rental of lid. an aero, targe tracts, they say, must have been let at first at o»ly nominal rentals, but for other areas more than lid. an acre, or £& per square milo, would have beon given. In South Australia, the Pastoral leases Bill, read a first time on October 3rd, 1882, provides for a rental in the why of assessment on stock, which, at an esti mated carrying capacity of four acreB to one sheep, Vf ould amount to a penny an acre on first-' class, and three farthings an aero on their second?, class paBloral land. If the country is made to carry more, it is the better for tho revenue, but a very low minimum rental is determined — namely, 5s per square mi!o first- eluss, or 2s. 6d. second-class, subject, however, to an increase at the end of each period of 7 years. The leases aro for 21 and 28 years, and at the end of the loaso all improvements are to revert absolutely to the Crown. A gentleman, de scriueu ay i-no commission as u tji^uuiLor ul varied experience,' Bpeaks. of this measure as ' bold in conception and equitable in principle.' The principle of rental, according to proved carrying capacity, contained in this bill appears most equitable, as the simple and only adequate means of securing a rental really repre scnting tho value of the use of the land for all parties concerned. But unless the land in South Aus tralia is much poorer than in Queensland the minimum rent ia too low. There can be little doubt that tho 6quattages carried on by small capitalists in proximity to the larger runs will sorvo as a mutual healthful stimulus to both classes. The wealthier and more experienced holders will show their smaller neighbour what can be done by the more costly improvements) especially in the conservancy of water ; while the smaller holders, many of them farmers from tho old country, will, in their turn, prove how much may he accomplished by^aupple menting purely pastoral appliances with tho operations of agriculture. In illustration of this, a case ? may bo cited to which the New South Wales commissioners call special attention. Tho owner of a farm of 700 acres in the' 'neighbourhood of Young, had kopt Bheep at the rate of two and. a half head per aero in a' had season by supple menting the gross ?with wheaten straw. Having fifty acrss under whoat, ho stacked tlie straw, and by feeding tho Bheep with it, kept thorn in fair: condition. There were no loBses till the rain came, when a very few of the Bheep died from eating the young grass. These papers, constituting a brief analysis of the evidence and report of tho commissioners o£ New South Wales, -will have made it very plain that tho system of free seleotion before survey has proved moit disastrous ia that colony. Boria fide settlement has not beon promoted; the poorost and most improvident have been tempted into the country to engage in the nefarious trade of gambling with tho publio landB ; , the , rural population has beon divided, and one class pitred against the othor; large numbers ia all Glasses in the community have been more or less demoralised, trad the publio estate has beon parted with to the extent of many mil lions of acres in the promotion of this wretched business. In one of thoir concluding para graphs tho commissioners say : ' The lnnd3 were unlocked . at a cost of more than £3,000,000 sterling, and no one has entered in. ? . . . . It is manifest all through the mass of testimony that the conservation and beneficial management of the Grown lands as. the heritage of the colony have been the lasfc matters considered. While the waste of the territory has been disregarded, the law has at one: time been interpreted in favour of the gquatter, at another time in favour of the selector, and a spurious claim to credit for even handed justice is habitually put forward be cause the one class has thui been enabled by law to retaliate upon tho others the injuries which eaoh h&s; Buffered. A whole nation is despoiled by the conflict of squatter and selector, and it is argued that the balance is hold fairly.' Happily for us in Queemland wo may benefit by the follies and sufferings of our neighbours. We shall certainly never commit the error of adopting free selection before survey. VTe have, however, our own follies to mourn over and to remedy. The principle of colonisation — the encouragement, ? of bonafi.de settlement on the land on a large scale — being now affirmed in Mr. Griffith's policy, the question immediately arises, how are we to, proceed on the resumed halves of the larger squattages, to settle the people who may shortly be expected to arrive, with their capital, chiefly from Great Britain, so as to avoid con fusion and delay ? Are wo to have any system of settlement before Burvey, or can our' Surrey Department be galvanised into a vitality commensurate with the emer gencies of tho situation? Can any system' of future survey bo- safely adopted on a largo scale upon which new arrivals may be assured of safety in the outlay of their capital in the necessary boundary fencing, to Bay jjpthing of other improvements ? Or, is thoro a possibility of our carrying on completo surveys fast enough to provent the possibility of those heartbreak ing delays which have bo often Btoocl between the ooloDies end their prosperity, the would-be settlors and their land ? In the Cape, colonies thqre was a rough-and-ready system of survey adopted in the early timeB, and Bf ill holding good, which in a part of tho Bystom of pastoral sottlement there spoken of by a late colonist as ' almost perfect,' and which ho thus describes : 'Tho country which is high table land and well grassed, is divided into 6,000-aoro farms, but they are not Burvcyod in ono portion. Somo person duly authorised will take his stand in what ho considers the middlo of a block of land, Ho sots up a poBt, with two cross sticks direoted to tho four cardinal points. Mounting his horao, lie ridoa off at a foot paco in ono direo tion for a given time, andatthoplab'owliweJiiB time elapses ho sots up a pile of stones. That forms ono cornor of tlio block. Ho acts simi larly with the throe other points.. If the lurid wcro uneven tho occupant might got n litrle less than his share, nnd if it wore very flat ho might get a little more, but on tho whole the surveys aro wonderfully correct.', Now we will suppose tho largo squattagos divided on some cquitablo prinoiple, tho lessees to havo the use of tho resumed halves at tho old low Irehtals until actually settled upon, and then paid at a fair valuation for their improvements , on th©' resumed portions with an undertaking that thoy ore to pay half tho cost of dividing lines. Could not somo rapid system bo at onco adopted to get ready those resumed halvos of squattages in anticipation of the sudden and rapid demand to be oxpooted under Mr. Griffith's schemo of European immigration? Say that some conspicuous object were takon near the intended dividing lino and the sides ridden, compass in hand, in tho necessary directions, tho corners marked on somo tree, by strong posts, or some other such means ? Our professional surveyors may smilo at this, but may not bo able to show why it should not answer for settlement in Queensland as well as it has done in the Cape Colony, as dosoribed in the report of tho New South Wales commissioners. Tho small squattages as- thuB marked out, or portions of them, might be afterwards surveyed in the ordinary manner, wherever thero was any object to serve in so doing, the lines as originally laid down being taken as baies. Most satisfactory reasons are given in tho roport of the commissioners against oncouraging persons to settle on the land with out some principle of survey sufficient to give confidence and certainty of location. The fol lowing quotation from their roport will be con sidered conclusive on this subject—' Considera tion has been given to the policy of keeping survey ahead of settlement, iu contradiction to the oxitting method of selection before survey.' They givo figures showing the disappointment and Iobs from tho rendering void of a very great number of selections from delay in surveying^ and they conclude as follows :— ' Of a total of 1,827 selections void in tho year 188L, 1,2S2 became invalid from errors that would havo been prevented by previous survey.' The commissioners continue — 'If settlement has beon checked to the extent indicated by theso figures, then a grave indictment may be pre ferred against the present method. As to the relative cost, the testimony ot qualiliea wit nesses is invariably to tho effect that a general survey ahead of settlement would cost not more than one- fourth of the expense entailed by the measuring of separate selections, whilo tho superior advantages of security of title with immediate and certain possession would be comparatively incalculable. A s indicating the amount of inconvenience and loss which has, through tho want of prelimiuary Burvey, fallen upon conditional purchasers, it is to be remarked that since 1S61 three separate validating bills have been passed for the relief of persons who had used the right of selection on- reserves and otber landB not open for selection.' Tho remedy in Now South Wales, whoro they expect ?no rapid increase to their population, is plainly before them; in Queensland, however, -we expect a large and rapid influx of a pastor jl and agricultural population from Europe, and some system of rapid but effectual survey muc* be devised and carried into effect as an essential condition of success. To fail here would be fatal. But ' we shall not fail.' ' Tns British India Steam Co. is to bo congratu lated on' its enterprise.' Its directors are smart men. They do not neglect to make hay whilo the; sun sli.xcs. They ate crowding steamers iato the Queensland immigrant service. They and the Government have a canny knack of playing into eachothcr's hands. The subsidy for carrying tho mails gave tho company a foothold. They planted their feet firmly on Queensland soil; Hardly! It is in Queensland waters that their keels have acquired such a hold. They began tardily and tediously with one steamer a month, for which the colony was paying a subsidy of £4,230 each. Now about three Bteamers a month are coming. Each steamer that carries a mail, no matter how Bmall, is thereby free of all harbour dues in those waters, and they' get a handsome guarantee out of the country in the shape' of immigrant fares.. At the rate immigrants are coming now this, highly-favoured company will this year draw from £150,000 to £200,000 out of the publio treasury for immigration fares alone. Of oourse they get all the Government freight of various sorts. Then there is the income derived from general cargo und 'paying pas sengers. Altogether they pile up a huge Bum every year out of this colony.: Of course it is all right so long as tho colony gets its money's worth. But it. makes one wonder just now whether tho Government is adtuated most by a desire to servo the colony or the steamship company.;. . . . '? ? ' . .. ? ; TnB JJ. 1. (Jo. have nitnorto enjoyed an unex pected immunity from tlie partioular diseases to which it was supposed immigrants would be exposed during a passage of Beveral weeks through the tropics. But their troubles have commenced. At the present moment there are not less than five of their steamers in Queens land waters. But of these five one is steaming outward with the monthly moils j one is'in tho graving dock undergoing repairs, ono is actually in quarantine, and a fourth will be bo shortly Tho Uuke of Westminster brought smallpox. Tho Nownherra has brought measles and typhoid. Thero requires only .the oholera to complete the complement of contagious and epidemical diseaioa which this line of steamers are likely Jto bring to our shores. Of course this hospital Btato of things will take some of theoreamoff the company's profits. A orip plod B1 earner and' two diseasa-Btricken vessels' 'oannot be laid up in unproductive quietude without a heavy Iobs to tho owners. No doubt' thejfuUest consideration will bo given to those owners; by our very accommodating Govern ment ; but the loss of the steamors' detention, and the expenses - attendant thereon, will all fall on them;' This immigrants; no doubt, have, under the- charters, to , be cared for by tho Government;. but;, the Governmentrhas no responsibility in connection! with tbo, paying pasBengers and ' tho crow. Nor would it bo irightif they 'had. The 'owners take all the' risk's of ine voyage;' '' ' ? |' it' ',?.'.../..! . Of; course a Government so high;principled and patriotic,' as that now administering tbo affairs of this colony wo,uld not, on' any private considerations, relax tho Btringent provisions of the Quarantine' Act,'' The duty whioh no doubt will receive their first attention iB, to I aVe care tha' thoro ba tho hust possible danger of , passengers crow,, or any other agency or means convoying couUgion ashore. The Nowsborra haB been n hospitnl during1' her voyage. She has had s^venty-Bix cases of measles, of which six were fatal. Hhe is also roported to have typhoid on board. 8ho hod 44 immigrants for Townsvillo, 20 for Bowen, 66 for Mackay, and 62 for Hook hump' on. All the others aro for Briebane. Sho haB reooived pormiseion to land hor passen gers at the, first throo of tbeso plaoes ;' although di/easa-still exists on board. Tho health officer ut Oooktown has not deemed it necessary to detain the steamer ; she will proceed to Keppe Bay^andj' if 'nece61saty,sb'e'': there'Iquaran^iiiedi ; Tho duty of tliehenlth offiperis ^xpreeBljr .p're eoribodin the Act. (His, duty ifl.td ordbrjoypry vessel having contagious or opidomical disposes on board into quarantine; and such- vessel must .hoist the yellow flag arid -isolate herself entirely' 'from the,' shore; ' 'Not' tlio slightest ovation of peremptory isolation Bhould bo allowed. The publio health and tho publio sentiment alike demand that no risk should bo run. Not a Binglo immigrant from a vessel carrying a contagious : disease Bhould bo allowed to go ashoro and minglo with tho healthy population . of the mainland. Neither for the British- India Company, nor for uny othor company, must that risk bo run. The steamers of this particular company havo no °pecialtitlo or claim to exceptional treatment, and on behalf of the publio we protest against any exceptional relaxation on their behalf of the provisions of tho Quarantine Act, or of any regulations for onforcing that Act. This colony pays £1,000 a year to an Attorney General. It also pays £1,000 a year to a Crown Solicitor. It also pays £500 a year to a ' Seoretary to the Crown Law Officers.' What are theso gentlemen, expected to do for their money ? The salary of Crown Solicitor used to bo £500 per annum, but last year it was doubled. The object of the increase was understood to be a more efficiont discharge of tho growing business of the colony. To a lay mind it Boems but reasonable that a solicitor receiving £1,000 a year from tho Crown for the purpose of transacting the legal business of the Stato should in somo way help tho police when any great crime has been committed. The etiquette of the profession is probably too rigid to admit 'of such an undignified proceed ing as a salaried official assisting the poHce to track home to its author, if possible, some great crime. Wo do not mean that a Crown law officer should become a detective. But it does scorn reasonable that ho should, or somebody on his behalf' should, brine the advantaeo of a leeallv tra'indd mind to an analysis and application of tho evidonco in any court of justice. Take the case of the suspected murder of Mrs. Bleck. Why should tho police bo left to manage that case up to the very point when a committal or acquittal must take place? Inspector Lewie may bo as capable as most lawyers in using the evidence which he has collected; but in all im portant cases he is pitted against a lawyer. The lawyer may address the bench, but ho ?would probably object to tho Inspector of Police doing so. Why should there be even any seem ing disadvantage in this respect on the part of tho prosecution ? If it be not the duty of a Crown Solicitor to see, as far as ho can, that the penalty of crime is not escaped by any friyolouBitechnicality.or unimportant lapses in tho chain of evidence, it ought to be the duty of somo othor duly qualified lawyer, acting under his direction, or under the direction of the Attorney-General. Eon. S. W. Gbifbith.— Tho Hon. S. W. Griffith returned from Stanthorpe last evening, and leaves to-day on a professional trip to Hockhampton. ; . Thb ITiee at Lake's Cheek.— Messrs. Geo. Harris and Co. wish, us to state that the North British and Mercantile Insurance Pom pany were interested in the late fire at Lako's Craek to the extent of £2,125, and; not £5,000, as stated in Thursday's Telegraph. ' ???''??? Tousa Men's Chbistian Association.— It -will be soon by advertisement that the annual mooting of this association will bo held in the Albert Hall on Thursday, October 18, ' und not on October 8, as announced by miB: take. , ... . . '. .'-. ?,. ..- ', ...,.'. . Teabfio Eetubns. — Tho, following , rail ways show an increase in their traffic .'returns, for the week ending September 9,! as compared with the same week last'year :— Southern and' Western, £963 19s, 7d. j Northern, £27411s. 8d. J Bundaberg, £121, 3«. 8d. ; and Maryborough, £342 12s. 8d. There is , a decrease : on, the Central line of £406 3s: 3d: ?? ? ??-. : -..- 'The KoxaIi Path of i.iFE.'-^This is a col-' lection of woll- written essays— some of them, powerfully bo — on, a great variety of Bubjocts, by T. L. Hairies, A.M., and L. W.Taggy, M.S., and published by the World Publishing Coin pany, London. One essay in particular. 'Force of Oharaoter,' is a very valuable read ing. ' Energy ' is another wholesome chapter. The book, which is -well illustrated, : i« most heartily recommended by a large number of clergymen for its healthy tone. The 'Path of Life'' will, we understand, be iBsuod in Bris. bano about Christmas. ... ''..',?,?..,.. Expobt of Sugab. — The CoUootor of Cus toms has favoured us with the following: — 'Quantity of sugar exported from the under mentioned ports of Queensland from 6th' July to 7lh September, 1883: .Quantity 'exported from 6th July to 24th August, 1883, 2,576 tons ; quantity exported from 25th August to 7th! Septembor, 1883 : Brisbano, 496 tons j Maryborough, 142 tons ; Bundaberg, 371 tons ; Mackay, 40 tons ; Dungeness, 15 tons; Cairns, 69 tons. Total, 3,698 tons. Thb Stbasbubg Oiook. — Thoro will be but very few more opportunities of seeing the ad mirable model of tho wonderful Strasburg (JlUUJii IIUW VU itun jlu i^uuau ouboU) (to udav week will be the last. Having Been the original bf tho olook in Strasburg Cathedral, we can vouoh for the faithfulness of the model, whibh is on a very considerable scale, The real clock is of monstrous dimensions, and.- it can do almost anything hut speak.' ' The moderhas-'a hiBtory of its own, ?which is well told in a little descriptive book to be found in tlio exhibition room.- ??'.-?.'??? .? ?'. '.'.??? !;i--. -..-.?! . , ,; .- ? Qr/8ENSii»ND Society fob thb Pbeveh tion of CbubiiTY io AJiitfAiB.— A -meeting of the members of the cqmrntttob of the above sooiety waB lield in the Town Hall yesterday, at 4 1 p.m. There were present— His , Worship , theJMayor (in the ohair),tVie Bevs.^B.-Grifntlv J.D. Hennessey, and W; Poble; Messrs^Wil liam 'Brookes,' S. W.Brooks/X, ;Irvingi Cowan, andR.jB. HalL The mooting was convened for jthe purpose of considering applications frim' persons desirous of 'undertaking the ottioa,of. oolleotor to the sooiety. After a careful peruial of eaoh applicant's testimonials, '&o.;, Mr. John Wiloman, of Bowen Hills,' was 'u'naniinoudy/ appointed colloo:or. There.werp' .twenty eight applications for the appointment. . .,,, , ,,. , : DowNFi Hi Cbesk. —Last Thursday, evening; the annual meeting of 'the Band of Hope, in connection ' with the ' B'ree' Methodist ' Ohuroh there, was hold. Tho Eev. W. .Osborne Lilley presided. Mi1. Conrady, the', prpsidont of. tlio society; made tax ablo speeoh. on,unity of ,effprt. . The seoretary and treasuror ipresonted.i their joports, whioh showed a decrease in the mem borship, but a considerable balance in hand. Some interesting recitations arid readings were givon by the young people, and some : pleasing soiigu wero well rendered by Miss 8te'wart, Miss Bigby, Mr. Hamilton, and Mr. Shaw. ?; A, violin solo was also givon by Mr. Stewart.' The meeting was a very good one, and dosed- with the usual voteB of thanks The Kobieb. — Ihe following are thb magis trates whoso names appear upo'n tho roster for attendance at tho Police Court during the en suing week) -O. G. Proston, T. Sinnoy, E, Goortz, J. Lord, B. I-. NeiUon, J. Stoddrt, CoV B. D. B, Ross, G. O. Beordmoro.andE, Thorn. 