Myrtle McMurtry's Love. ————♦———— " Myrtle, dear ?" " Yes, George, what is it ?" replied the girl, glancing shyly upward. The radiant glory of a summer moon shone down upon the earth this June night, bathing in all its mellow splen- dour the leafy branches of the sturdy old oaks that had for centuries shaded the entrance to Castle McMurtry, and laughed defiance to the fierce gales that every winter came howling down in all their cruel force aud fury from the moorlands lying to the westward of the castle. On the elge of the broad demesne that stretched away to the south stood a large brindle cow, and as the moonlight flecked with silvery lustre her starboard ribs she seamed to Myrtle a perfect picture of sweet con- tent and almost holy calm. " Is it not a beautiful night, dear- est ?" murmered the girl. " See how the moonbeams flutter down the trees, making strange lights and shadows that flit among the shrubs and flowers in such a weird, ghost-like fashion. The dell is, indeed, clothed in loveli- ness to-night, sweetheart." " Yes," said George W. Simpson, " this is the boss dell." And then, looking down into the pure, innocent face that was lifted to his, he took in his own broad, third-base palm, the little hand that erstwhile held up Myrtle's polonaise. As they stood there silently in the bosky glade, George passed his arm silently but firmly around Myrtle's waist. The noble girl did not shy. " Do you love me, sweetheart ?" [she] asked in accents that were tremulous with tremulousness. Myrtle's head was dropping now, and the rosy blushes of Calumet Avenue innocence were chasing each other across her peachy cheeks. George drew her more closely to him. If a mosquito had tried to pass between them then it would have been bad— for the mosquito. " Can you doubt me, darling ?" he whispered. "You surely must know that I love you with a wild, passionate whoa-Emma love, that can never die. Do you not love me a little in return ?" For an instant the girl did not speak. George heard the whisking of the brindle cow's tail break in rudely upon the solemn stillness of the night, and ever and anon came the dull thud of the bullfrog as he jumped into a neigh- boring pond. Presently Myrtle placed her arms around his neck, and with a wistful, baby's-got-the-cramp look in her sweet face, she said to him : "I love you, George, with a deathless de- votion that will eventually keep you broke." And with these fateful words she adjusted her rumpled bang and fearlessly led the way to an ice-cream lair. — From ' How suckers bite in Chicago.' 