Chapter IV. For a long time Ambrose rode on one side of the body — pale and silent almost as the corpse itself — and showing plainly enough that the dead man's communication had . '.'.knocked him,' as Osborne mentally phrased it,_ ?; into a cocked hat.' 'Look here, Ned,' said Jack Ambrose at last, 'do you want to know what Jerry told me?' ''.'', 'Well, I can't exactly say that I want to know. Of course, I've my share, of natural curiosity, an' that's excited some, at present, I do allow. But, if there's any .reason against tellin' me, why, don't do it, that's all !' ' Well, you see^ since ?? you were present when the poor old man; met. his death, and so on, I should fuel in a manner bound to tell you, if you insisted on it.* But as .you. don't, why, I may say that it's only a family matter, concerning nobody but' me' and-'my. relatives, and that on that account I'd, rather keep it to myself.' ' That's all square, then, old man. Keep it to yourself by all means. There's one thing I can see in connection with the affair, though. You'll be , clearing out for home. ' Ain't that so?' ' ' ' You we quite right,' said Ambrose, sur prised. *' I don't know about ' home,' but I most be off to. Melbourne, at any rate. How did you guess it ? ' 'Well, I jujst kinder thought it. It's hard to say how we come by such notions, but that idea struck me directly— that's a fact.' 'Well; you've hit -the right nail, on the head. I shall be off to Melbourne as soon as Mr. Clay ton can let me go. Indeed, I must ao. whether he lets me or sot.1' ' Oh, old Clay ton'll let you go right enough. Not but he'll be. derned sorry to lose you— as we'll all be, old boy,' and the American held out his hand across the body . between them. * Ambrose shook it hard. V I shall be sorry to part with 'you, old' man,' he returned}' ' but there's no help for it. It's a duty I owo to my father,- though he and I haven't been on the moat cordial terms for some years back.' And then they rode on through the fierce afternoon glow, sad, thoughtful, and silent as their own monstrous caricatures, projected far over the parched levels by.the sinking sun.' It was late. that night when they arrived at the station with their grievous burden; and Mr, Clayton, when he had heard their story, was wroth and Borro'tvful by turns. ' Poor old Jerry V he said, ' To - think, after the number of times he's escaped the black ra'sca'a; that they should finish him at last ! But I'll get_Gordiner, and Marshall, and Hawkins to join me this : tiine, and we'll follow these villains right up to tho Gulf, if need be ! And then here's' you, Jack — flying away like this at a moment's notice, It was only the other day I was saying to Mr*. Clayton that because you auited_ me exactly you'd be sure, sot to stop, and hero are my words come ,tr,ue! .Upon my soul, it's extremely annoying! Couldn't you stay over Christmas, at any rate V _ 'No, bJt,'. said Ambrose.. 'I'm, really grieved to leave you in this way,; but I must be in Melbourne by Christmas.' ? ? '.'.'?. ' Oh,- you must!' Then I suppose there's no more to bt said. Indeed, it'll take you all your time. to do it. Yoii'll'go' by Bris bane,- I suppose ?' .'Yes. If I start for Brisbane the day after ' to-morrow I'll just get there in time for the next steamer.' And so to Brisbane^ Ambrose 'went and with him Ned Osborne, who, ' just before saying good-bye on the steamer to his friend, took him, with much mystery, aside, and asked him if he believed in ghosts. 'Well, that's rather too broad a question to bo answered in a word,' Bald Jack; ' with a laugh. ' But why do you aak ?' ' . 'Because,' said Osborne, ' I hope, if you made old Jerry any promise, you mean to carry it out.' 'I didn't make any particular promise,' said Jack, wondering much, ??'? but 'the old. man expressed a wish which I intend, if I can, to fulfil.' 'That's' right,' returned, the' American, solemnly.' ' Because, if you^don't, I expect we shall have the old chap's ghost hanging round the station o' nights, and soarin' folks considerable.- Fact is, Peter, .the cook, swears- he, saw him,. ??; the very night he was buried, sittin' on the fence of the lower stockyard,- with the old pistol in his hand, and the spear stickin* but of his back.' - ' ' Peter must have good eyes, then,' Baid Ambrose. '' That night, was as dark as pitch —couldn't see your hand within six , inches of your face !' No, no ! The old man will rest quietly enough down in his corner under the myalls. Still, I should hardly have felt comfortable myself if I had neglected his re quest. .And now you'll have to get ashore, old fellow. They're costing off the hawsers. Good bye !' 