NE ¡FS OF THE DAY. -. NixETnr.N- persons have been committed for trial at the Dublin Police Court on chargea of being concernât! in the Fhouix Tarif murders and the outrage upon the juryman Field. Tho informer Garoy, on being re-examined on Monday, stated tbat tha murderers of Lord F. Cavendish and Mr. Burke wore incited to tho deed by an article which appeared in the Dublin Freeman's Journal, Tho leaders of the Land League have been so seriously implicated by diaolosuros made at the Police Court during the past few days that the press is unanimously calling upon them to rufute the statement« made against thora. The silence of Mr. Parnell is giving rise to muoh adverse comment. It is now alleged that the mysterious " Number One," who is said to have instigated and directed the members of the " murder committee," ie a Genoral Milne, formerly an , otlicer in the Federal army of the United States. Tun intenso interest and exoitemeut which the revelations in the Dublin Police Court have given rise to was manifested in a marked manner by an event which occurred in the House of Commons on Monday night. It will be recollected that the informer Carey, the Dublin town councillor, stated in evidence that Mr. ' W. E. Forstor was one of those who had been marked for 'death by the Irish murder committee-that several attempts had been made to take his lifo, but that all had failed. On the hon. gentleman entérine: the House for the first timo after those revolations of diabolical plots againut him, the members expressed their sym- pathy with him, thoir gratitude that his life had been spared, and their abhorrence of the attacks upon him, by giving enthusiastic cheors. Ix the House of Commons the Marquis of Harting- ton, though bullied in bis objeot on Friday night by the opposition of the Tories, succeoded on Monday night in introducing and having read a first time a bill to enable members of the House of Commons to make affirmation in place of the oath now required. An address in reply to the Queen's speech had not been adopted when our message of Tuesday waa des- patched. TUE telegram, respecting operations ia tho Soudan confirma the news given two or three weeta ago as a »port merely, namely, that lil Obèid, an important stronghold of the Egyptians, has fallen into the hands of El Mahdi, the fulso prophet. Our message adds that El Mahdi ia carrying on operations against the Egyptians with the utmodt vigour. Tim 7700 frozon carcases of sheep sont homo by the Europa (a.) have reaohod London in good condition. Mu. SI'BAKEB had a vory lively tiAof it in tbo Legislative' Assembly yesterday. The r^in part o£ tho sitting was oonaumed in the resumed debate on Mr. A. (?>. Taylor's motion for the suspension 0? eales of land by conditional purchase, pending the passing o£ an Amended Land Aot. Tho latter part of the debate was highly dieordorly. Accusations, recriminations, and unparliamentary language wore freely indulged in, and Mr. Speaker woe constantly called upon to romind hon. members of the indocoroug courso of proceeding they were adopting. A challenge vvna thrown down by Mr. A. G-. Taylor, and accepted by Mr. M'Elhono-not to adjourn to tho baok yard, as might have boen oxpected from the style of the dobato, but for each of the30 highly honourable gentlemon to reoign their seats, and contest one of them together. It is understood thnt the combat a outrance will be carried out. Tnr. following is tho business paper of the Legislative Council for to-day, Wednesday:-Qucs tioni : 1. Mr. Alexander Campbell to ask tho repre- sentative of the Government,-Has the Government any, intention of taking advantage of the eorvices of tho various largo steamships trading between London and Sydney for tho purpose of conveying im- migrants to this colony ? 2. Air. Macleay to ask tho representative of the Government,-(1.) lias any réport been received from Lieutenaut Howard, B.N., of the results of a three months' survey of the coast, which he undertook and entered upon in Septembor last in the steamer Thetis, on behalf of the Commissioners of Fisheries, and with tho Fonction of the Government ? (2.) If so, ia there any objection to making the report publio? Government Business-Orders of the Day: 1\. Unauthorised Expenditure (18SG) Indemnity Bill ; second reading. 2. Inseribed Stock Bill ; to bo further considored in committee. Mn. J. L. PARSONS, tho Minister for Education in South Australia, was present in tho Legislative As- sembly yesterday evening, and was accommodated with a seat behind the bar of tho House. Mr. Parsons leaves Sydney for Adelaide this ovoning. Tim International Orioket Match was continued yes- terday, at tho Association Ground, in the presonco of about 0000 spectators. The weather was dull and threatening, but the rain held off. Tho Australians conoluded their first inninga for a total of 202, just one behind the Englishmen, who in their first innings scored 203. Bligh's tean then went in, and their second innings occupied the remainder of tho day. They succeeded in making 107. The match has thus reached a most interesting and exoiting stage. The Englishmen were only one ahead in the first innings ; I to-day will deoido whether they will be any ahead in the second innings. Thoro was a great improvement in the tram arrangements as comparad with the previous day, and someono dosorves to {bo complimented for this. Pur.i.ic holidays have been proclaimed aa follows :-r Wednesday, February 21, in the district of Cooma ; Tuesday,* 27th instant, in the district of Bombala ; Thursday, 1st proximo, in the district of Uralla. WE are informed that tho Colonial Secretary yester- day afternoon received the following telegram from tho Agont-Qoneral :-" Why has the Inscribed Stock Bill not passed? Holders very impatient and complain- ing." IN another column wo publish a synopsis of the amendments which tho Fisheries Commissioners pro- pos« to have introduced into the Fisheries Act. The amended bill has been submitted to the Colonial Sooretary with a recommendation that it bo submitted to Parliament, with a view of superseding the existing Aot. Tiru Supremo Court in Banco yeBtorday continued the hearing of the appeal from the decision of the Primary Judgo in Denny v. Hughes. A si'nciiL meeting of the City Council was called for yesterday atternoon to consider tho Fire Brigades Bill, the proposed alteration of tbo municipal franchise, and other matters. Thero vvt-ro present-tho Mayor (Alderman Hairisj, and Aldermen Bearo, Kippax, Hardie, Ponlo, Dean, and Playfair. In consequence of tbe small attondaaco it was îosolvod, on the motion of Alderman Hardie, to adjourn till Thursday. A co.vr.vioniotM bouthouse for tho Sydney Amatour Sailing Club has ju»t been completed near Hie Sydney llowin¿ Club 6hcds at Fort Macquarie. It IIUB boen strongly constructed ol! colonial hardwood, with gal vnnised-irou roof and eides. The building has a frontago of 150 feet and a depth of d5 foot, and thoie is a com- modious balcony, '15 feet long and Iii feet deep, for the accommodation of members on such occasions ns regattas. Ample accommodation in the sbapo of dreaming rooms, &c;, has been provided. Tho cost of the building has been about £900. Tho arohitdct was Mr. T. P.owo, and the builder Mr. John Mahoney. ABOCT 300 of tl)9 journeymen butchers of Sydney attended a meeting al the Protestant Hall last night, their object being to pioteat against tho system at pro oent in vogue by wnioh the>y are kept employed on , Sunday in serving customers who, by accident or habit, have nogleoted to supply thomsolves on Sntuiday with the meat required by thom on Sunday. His Worship the Mayor oC Sydney was in the chair, and on the platform with him wero tho Hon. J. P. Abbott, Ministor for Mines, si-veral members of Parliament, and two or three Ministers, nil of whom addr-'ied the meeting upon resolutions condemning the present system of Sunday trading in meat. ^11 tho speakers were liBtoned to attentively, and the different resolu- tions wore carried unnmimously. A report of tho meeting will bo found in another column. A iiBUTiNo was hold in St. Benedict's Schoolroom, Georgo-stroot, last night, for tho purpose of considering the matter of making a presentation to Archbishop Vaughan, prior to his doparturo from the colony. Mr. M'Kvoy waa voted to the chair, and opened the meeting with a fow remarks explaining the object for which it was convened. Doun O'Brion then addressed those present, and expressed a hopo that they would Bhow_ their appreciation of ArohbÍ3hop Yaughan's services in connection with the diocese in a thorough practical manaor. It was tbon resolved that a subscription list bo opened, and subsequently a goodly numbor of persons attached their names to it and handed in donations. Tnii, Leichhardt Counoil-chambors last night were the scene of a most disgraceful exhibition of rowdyism. A meeting had been called for tho purpose of adopting a petition urging upon tho Government tho necosBity of extending the tram-line along the Parramatta-road. It appears that the inhabitants of the Annandale bection of tho municipality are strongly opposed to this, and wish tho line proposed by tho Govern- ment to bo carried out, and very early in the evening it became evident that the Annandale ooutingent was determined to be as obstructive as possible The mover and seconder of the resolution were listened to, howovor, with only occasional inter- ruptions, but the following epoakors had great difficulty in making themselves heard at all in face of the con- tinuous hooting and the persistent efforts of soveral speakers in the body of the hall to address the meeting at the top oC their voices simultaneously. An amendment to the original resolution was moved by Mr. Mainer, and Mr. Pritchard, the late Mayor, rose to second it After he bad spoken for a considerable timo, without, as far as could bo mado ont, once approaohing the question before the meeting, tho uproar became deafening. The Mayor roso and said ho would put it to the vote, whether or not the meeting was willing to hear the speaker any longer or not, and ho declared that the show of hands was against Mr. Pritchard. An alderman on the platform thoroupon jumped up and oried out " It's a d-d lie ! " Mr. Pritchard appeared tobe disputing tho chairn-,an's deci- sion, und, gesticulating in an exoited manner, attempted to continue his spocch. Alderman John Young at length roeo to support tho amendment, and was listened to with comparatively little interruption. Mr. Whit- ing thon got up to speak to the amonduicnt, vvhon tho uproar again oommonced with redoubled violence. The chairman put the ejurstion whether or not he should be heard, and before ho declared the result of the show of hands, Mr. Pritchard said, " We'll eeo how you'll decide this time." On the Mayor declaring it to be in favour of the speaker, Mr. Pritchard pro- tested, and complained bitterly of partiality. A dispute j eDBUed between this gentleman and Mr. Whiting, and | while it was in progress, a fight was started in the back of the hall. In a few minutes tho whole meeting was on<its feet, and everything waa in hopeless disorder. The Mayor then doclaced the meoting 'terminated. When our reporter left, one-half of thoce presont appoared to be cither ongagod in the row, or cheering the' combatants. Mr. Pritchard was loudly protesting his readincis to give £10 to any of the charities if twenty persons could bo got in the room to sign a declaration that they wero unwilling to hoar him, v/hon the chairman put the question ; and avery one else was doing his best to in crease the disorder. Wnii.i. our boya show up well at home, it may interest some of our reaelers to know that a girl can hold her own against the elite of Groat Britain, A native of Sydney, Eva Thompson, who has been studying for the past three years at the Boyal Aoademy of Music, London, whero there aro over dot) pupils, more than 2.">0 of whom aio females, at her last examination was so far successful os to win two medals, one for singing, and ono for tho pi'anoforto; while for Arts sho obtained 100 marks out of a poseiblo 100, for which abo rocoived a certificate as a doublo first-class, and was congratulated by the ohairman of the board of examiners (Dr. llullah), sho boing the first female who had gained tho maximum numbor of marks. She ia still prosecuting hor studies at the Royal Academy of Music, and will probably visit the Con- tinent ore she roturns to her nativo land. THE business in connection with the Central Criminal Court was resumed at Darlinghurst yesterday, when his Honor Sir George Innes presided, and the Crown was represented by the Hon. W. B. Dalley, Q.C., Attorney-General, and Mr. P. J. Healy. Only two cases were proceded with, but both were of a serious character. In connection with lhe first, an elderly man named Adam Munday was charged with having, by stabbing him in the back, murdered a young man named Shannon, at Newtown. As he evidently acted under an acute sense of irritation, and not with feelings of malice, the jury reduced his offence to that of manslaughter, and the judge remanded him for sentence. The second charge appeared to be a heartless one. A lad 10 years of age named Samuel M'Lean was accused by his stepmother, who waa a middle-aged woman, with having criminally assaulted her. Prosccutrix's statement was sup- ported by that of the lad's father, and had it been sustained the result would have been serious. Indeed, the lad might have run the risk of being hanged. However, without hearing evidence for the defence, and without leaving their seats, the jury acquitted him, evidently believing that the accusation against him was a cruel fabrication. The Judge strongly recommended that he should endeavour to obtain another and a different home. Three men wero convicted at Yass Quarter Sessions of assault by garotting and robbery. Two of them had sorved several previous terms of imprisonment ; and Judge M'Farland, in sentencing the prisoners, eaid (as reported in the Courier) that thoy had been con- victed on very clear evidonce of a very serioue crime, and a crime he was determined to put down. Ile sentenced Smith to fivo years on tho íoadB; Robertson, three years on tho roads; Barnett, l8 months' imprison- ment. Smith and Robertson to be privately whipped in the Yasa gaol, on tho 22nd of the presont month, and alao on tho 22nd March. Smith to receive 80 and Bobertson 20 laehes on each occasion. Tnc advice which a member of Parliament stated in the House he had given his olienta, when charged at the Central Licensing Court with having committed a breach of the Licensing Act, to plead guilty, appears to have commended- itself strongly to at IcaBt ono man. An offender waa yesterday brought before tho Licensing Bench and before time had been given to road the charge against him he said in an otr-hand manner, " I plead guilty." " But," said the Chairman, " You don't know what you aro charged with." " Oh," eaid ho with a despairing wag of his head, "It don't make no differ- ence ; I plead guilty." A conKEsroNDEisT writea:-"Thero is a class of dyspeptic people in every city, and we have our ehare of them. They-are always getting up needless alarms. Tho great cra¿e lately is the largo quantity of war material we bavo stored at Goat and Speotaole Islands. The Government of Sir Henry Parkes took alarm, and thoy divided the combustible matter, and sent up a part to Middle nárbour ; and they talked of utilising eomo small island on tho Parramatta River. I think both these moves a mistake. All tho forts should havo moga/inca capable of holding a good storage of war material, and tho balance loft on the two islands Goat aod Spectacle. We have not come to tho millonium yet: wo must keop our powder dry. But do the people of England keep their war matsrial in towns ? Aro not ourcmoulters hore to bo trusted not to blow up them- selves r1 What at/out Gibraltar?-how muoh war mate- rial io atoivcd thoio 'i " Tim adjourned irjqueBt touching the death of the man Robert Hayes, whose body was found in a water-tank at Homebush ou tho morning of the 13th instant, was resumed by tho City Coroner, Mr. H. Shiell, J.P., at Burwood yeiiteiiiay morniug. ThomaB Smith and Thomas Dully, tho t»vo men who wero arrested on suspicion of having cauaod tho death of tho deceased, wero present in custody. Tho ovidenco of Charles Niokler, a labourer ; Frederick Mullor, a surveyor's ohainman ; Julius Reimers, an engineer,- and William Jamison, an agent, was taken ; aud Henry ¡Savago and Mary York, both of whom wero examined on tho first day of the inquest, were re-called, but they thi e w no further light on th o matter. The witness Muller, in his evidence, stated that he saw the deceased lying in a drunken state on a bridge on the night of the 12th instant near the tank in which hiB body WOB found. Subsequently he met two or throe mon going in the direction of tho spot, and on re-turning in the course of about half an hour he noticed that the deceased had disappeared. When paeaing a now building, near which the tanic is fituated, ho hoard a noise whioh resembled that caused by a plank falling. He also heard two men disputing* and using angry words near the tank. This was the only evidence of importance takon, and the Coioner adjourned the inquest until Tuesday next, the 27th instant, ia order that the police might be enabled to prosecute further inquiries into the matter. AT about 15 minutes to 7 on Sunday oveniDg a large shark made its appoarance at tho Balmain side of tho Iron Cove Bridge. It appears that a man was swimming his dog here, when suddenly a great Btir was occaaioned in the water and tho dog was seen to disappear. Attracted by tho disturbance in the water, some peoplo on the bridge stopped and looked over, and in a low minutes wore Burpiised to seo a large shark (apparently about 13 foot long) dart to the surfaoo, and take another mouthful of the unfortunate dog, whioh had only a minute or two baforo risen to the top of the water minus its hoad. It will be remembered that a few weeks back the body of a man was found near this very spot which showed unmistakable signs of having been mutilated by a largo shark whilst bathing ; and although baita woro sot and a carofnl watoh kept, nothing in tho shape of a monster fish has been seen in this locality until now. It was questioned at the time whether this man, Eaton, was bitten by a shark ; but it is vory possible this same dangerous brute caused his death. It will doubtless make moro frequent visits to Iron Cove, end the public will be glad to hear that some one has been foitunato enough to effect its capture. A MAN named William H. Graham, 41 years of age, was taken to the hospital hy Polioa-constablo Forsyth yestorday. It appears that he foil from a building in Parramatta-streot, and reoeived a largo eoalp wound, 'besides sonio internal injuries. Tar. announcement has boen mado (saya tho Argus) that a number of Californian sheep have been landod at Shark Island, in Sydooy Harbour. It was ttated at the saino time than under ordinary ciroum «tances thoso eheop would have been prevented from landing, tis there is in force in New South Wales a proclamation prohibiting the introduction of any sheep trom oountriea whero the foot-and-mouth disease exists or may exist. It was explained, however, that Cali- fornia comes under tho proclamation only for tho Mason that Btock is received iu America from England, where the foot-and-mouth disease is prevalent, and aa there was every reason to boliovo that tho shoep in question woro healthy, they wore allowed to be landed at Shark Island, whoro thoy wiil havo to undergo 00 day.' quarantine. It need hardly bo suid that this is a departure from tho understanding arrived at ' by tbo various Australian Government», in accordance with which the introduction of live stock from abroad has been absolutely prohibited. The uiidorstauding waa come to because it was Mt that in no other way could Austi alla be thoroughly protected | from the muoh-dreaded malady. A prolonged quaran- tine greatly diminishes, of cource, the danger of infection, and tho Sydnoy authorities in receiving theBO sheep from California havo talton precautions which they regard as , amply sufficient. Under tho oircumstancos, it may haye | beon a safe thine: to allow the sheep to land ; but still it is to bo rogretted, wo think, that tho Governments of the other colonies wore nut oonsultod boforo tho step was takon. If ono colony allows itself to depart from tho rulo another may, and there is no knowing where the thing may end. There should either be prohibi- tion, or admission under properly denned quarantine regulations. Safety may perhaps bo found under either system, but unless there is unitormity o£ practico, irre- gularities are likely to creep in with results which no one can foresee. [In our Melbourne telegrams of this morning will be found a further roferenco to this matter.-ED. S. AT. JJ.] A TnixcmAM from Auckland to the Otago Daily Times etates that a fire broke out after midnight on February 7 in a block of buildings in Wakoliold-btrcot at White's night restaurant, and butoro it was suppretsed it also gutted Sandnll'ß butoher's shop (unoccupied^, Bullo's (bellowsmaker), and Lidbettor's ("grocer). Several persons knocked at the front door of the restaurant, and also at the baok door, but, gotting no answer, carne to the conclusion that White had got out and was knocking about in the crowd. Tho police, however, eoon dis- covered that no one had scon Whito after the outbreak, and as eoon as practicable a search was made of tho ruins of the restaurant. ' Tho work of searching upstairs was difficult and dangerous, as the flooring was burnt through in some places, causing large gaps, but tho fire- men eoon carne on the body of a woman lying under- neath tho fiont window. Close to her was tho body of White on his hands and knees. Tho bodies presented a dreadful spectacle, being blackened and charred exter- nally, and ono of the thighs of tho woman had been half burned through. The body of tho female was identified, from portions of the dress lying beside her, as that of Mary O'Neal, aged 40 ; and that of tho man as Goorge White, aged 45, keeper of tho restaurant, and formerly_.cook at tho police barraoks. Whito had been seen about 6 o'clock that night, somewhat undor tho influence of drink, and it is t'oarod that the woman waa in the same condition. At tho inquest on tho bodies tho verdict was "Accidental death.'' It carne out in evi- dence that the woman had been enticed away from her husband in Melbourne by a man in Auckland, and her husband's name was Hodges. Tho supposed cause of tho fire was a defectively constructed hearth. "WHATEVER may bo the achievements of tho Psychical Research Society in other directions (observes the Tall Mall Gazette) it does not seem to bo making much way with rogard to ghosts. In his paper on this subject, Mr. Podmore, we aro .informed, *' remarked upon the difficulty in the wa*^£resoaroh of this kind from the infrequency and irjBuKrlff""of the appear, anees of real or supposed ghoK." It is quite natural that ghosts, who havo alwajf derived their popularity from their bold defiance of natural laws, should be as irregular as possible when threatened with an investiga- tion which is to reduce them to the dull level of soientiflo phenomena. What ghost with any human feeling left in him would not be as capricious as ever he could under the circumstances ? It is not surprising, thoreforo, that the society has aa yet only succeeded in persuading two ghost Btories of tho " good old-fashioned type " to oflor themselves for examination, aud that these were only " reasonably thrilling." Oddly enough, we are not told whather these two passed or were plucked, so it is impossiblo to say whother there are any certificated ghosts going about at this momsnt. But iu any oase there eeoras reason to fear that tho society, unless it consents to make its examinations leos stiff, may soon havo to abandon them for want of candi- dates. A Rn.MAitKAm.K tribute (says a London paper) waB paid to England by Mr. W. O'Brien in IIÍB speech at Mallow. " The English," said ho, " were a peculiar poople ; they wero ready to suppress anyone that stood up tor right and justice, and then in their own clumsy way they did tho vory thing thoy suppressed the people for trying to do." Arabi, tho Transvaal, and the Arrears Act were all adduced as illustrations of this peculiarity, and the encouraging moral was drawn that " they were always in the wrong when they began an Irish agitation, but pomehow they were always in the right nt the end of if." Considering the numlar of Irish agitations which have como to nothing, this state- ment can hardly be regarded as historical. But ac- cepting Mr. O'Brien's view of it, is not this peculiarity ono of which Englishmen may well be proud ? Wo, may blunder at first, but give ue time, and. judged oven by our enemiee, wo aro sure to do justice in tho end.' liradstiett's furnishes au interesting analysis of tho accounts published by fire insurance companies trading in the Stat? of New York. The figures go back to 1879, and include returns for the first six months of 1882, and the companies are classified as " Now York State Companies," " Other State Companies," and " Foreign Companios." Of the throe classes the foreign has dono bost on the aveiage, taking the promium in- come and the working expenses and losses all into account. In a period of 42 months out of each 100', dollars received in premiums tho Now York State com- panies havo saved 2-32 dollar?, the other State companies 5-41 dollars, and the foreign companies 6*11 dollars., It is thuB apparent that the compaaies belonging to New York State have done worst of all in tho current insurance business transacted by thom. The average» I for the whole three classes was 4-Ô6 dollars saved ont of each 100 dollars received, and the highest proportion waa nothing to boast of. Too favourable a view of the position of these companies ia given by tbe30 averages. Comparing tho latest half-year of the period with the | figures for 1870, or even 1880, it is found that every I class of company doing business lo3t money this year, whereas most made money at the earlior dates, "The foreign companies themselves show a loss of half a million dollars in expenditure over promium incomo for laBt half-year as compared with a gain of noarly tho samo amount in the fust half of 1S81. Losses are aleo revealed by the native American companies of both classes. BcrEitiuNa to the Austro-Gorman Alliance the Cologae Gazette remarks :-" The fullest attention is being bestowed on the efforts of a certain Slav Party and their insinuations. What they would like best is to seo the Austro-G orman allianco vanish away into the mist of a three Emperors' union, in the shadow of whioh now attempts might be made to bind down Germany while the other two Powers proceeded to piok for themselves tho hitherto iorbiddon fruit across the Balkans. But Germany has decided at all hazards not to lot hoiself be made a tool of in this way. With the destruction of Tutkoy Germany would bo expoaed to an Auotro-ltussian coalition, which France would always be ready to join, and thus Ger- many would bo oouipelled to fight again for her very existence. In Vienna it is well known that Germany is not inolinad to allow Austria, under cover of the two Emporors' alliance, or of the union of the throo Emperors, to bo seduced by Russia to play a separate game, which could only end in materially weakening Germany." IT is again rumoured in Germany (save '1'rutK) that negotiations aro cn trai.i for the sale of the Duke of Edinburgh's reversionary interest in the Grand Duchy of Saxe-Cohurg and Gotha. Seven years ago tho transaction waa nearly being completed, and the Queen wont to Baden to try and arrange the affair ; but a hitch arose. Prince Bismarck offered tho Duke a largo sum (a million, oo far as 1 remember) down, and an annuity of, I think, £60,000 a year for his life, with a jointure for tho Duchess. But hi8 Boyal Highness, with hereditary prudence, preferred to have a larger sum down, and to forego tho annuity, whioh, in tho event of any serious political changes, might not be paid. It was this request whioh led to thj breaking off of the negotiations. A Lo.vnoN paper commends the following passage, from Kinglako's " Invasion of the Crimoa," to the publio notico:-'* I conçoive that in these latter times the scale upon which we measure warlike prowess has beon brought down too low by the custom of awarding wild, violent praise to the common performance of duty, and OÏOU tin v and then to actual malfeasance ; so, if I keep from this path, it is not beoause I think oddlv of our army or our navy, but becaueo I desire-as I am euro our best officers do-that wa should return to our ancient and more severe standard of excellence." AN advertiaemeut appoirs in another column roquosting lierions havitijí petitions lor signatures with renpoct to tho Women's Christian Temperance union to forward tho same to the Temporáneo Hull before tho 1st March next. Tile band of the New South Wales Aitillery, under the conductorship of Bundiunster A. Hermes, will peiiorm the following programme in the Botanic Gardens this nfternoun fwesthor permitting), from 3 to 5 :-Murch, " Springtime" (tt. Smith) ; valee, " Lille " (J. Strauss) ; overture, " Tan- cred!" (Rossini); selection, "Lo Prophète '' (Moyerheer); polka. " Summer Flowors " Leaman ; grand seleotion' "Lurline" (Wallace); galop. " Cunid's Arrows" ÍBarth mann) : " Queen." 