IN connection with tbe discussion that is going on with reference to the .report of the Education Commission, the Argus is deeply "dissatisfied, with The Courier, because " instead of frankly confesEing that its confidence (that is, the confidence of The Conner) has been, abused, and that it had no idea of the existence of a wholesale system of favoritism and corruption, it proceeds to excuse the peccant Minister." We are very sorry that our contemporary should be grieved on our account—very sorry—but we submit that the real truth of the difference between ourselves and our contemporary would have been much better expressed if the subject in dispute had been put in this way. "We (tiie A rgus) deeply regret that The Courier should have had to tell na so many wholesome truths about how the Education Commission did its work, and annihilate all -our specious and unfair deductions from its evidence and its report ; for had we known at the outset that we were so far astray, as we can gather from The Courier's facts we have been, there would not have been a word said in these (the Arjyics) columns for the last fortnight on tbe EuV-ject." If the A rgus of yesterday had written in this style it would have told the honest truth, and done a foully-maligned man justice. But by putting the ease in the form it did yesterday, it simply indulged in broad burlesque, brazened out a damning wrong, and displayed a spirit of vindictiveness towards Major SMITH which gods and men alike may well blush at seeing eo persistently exhibited. What are the facts to justify our reversing in this form the order of ihings as the Argus of yesterday pourtray ed t There is, firstly,- the paper on " The Education Commission at work," as published in our Monday's ieBue, which paper contains sufficient to make the whole work of tbe commission unreliable and utterly worthless, as the Age of yesterday very pwpyly puts it That paper was before our contemporary previous to its article cf yesterday being written, so that it cannot defend its article- on the plea of ignorance. Secondly, there is"Mr BROWN'S assurance to Major SIUTH, that he could have. explained away much in the evidence that appears to be against Major SMITH, bat he was not allowed by the chairman of the commission to do this, thus confirming what the writer on "The Education Commission at Work " has b&d; to say on the subject. Thirdly, there is the fact, which we have repeatedly challenged a reply (o, without ever getting it, that from chaos, confnsion, neglect, and favoritism, Major SMITH raised the department into a condition of perfect fairness and order, and he has received hundreds of letters thanking him for the . excellent service he tbita did to both the department, the schools, and the teachers. And, fourthly, there is the fact that: although Major SMITH made over 3000 appointments, ekhef with, or without the advice or sanction of the officials, only two can now be challenged; for, before the information we have - supplied, all the rest have been apparently - abandoned. And what of these two! The first, that in the Becchwdrth district, lias to" be 'given np, because Mr BROWN, the secretary of the department, has cbme forward in a maily spirit and declarea^ that it was the officials whe advised Mnjor BinTif to make that appointment, and. thBrttfore, Major SMITH is blameless in the matter. The second appointment was cancelled by. -Major SMITH - the. .moment " lie learned thst an improper person had been chosen for the vacancy; and it rwould be un!y lunacy or malice that • would expect a Minister to make SOOO appointments without one of them being open to question. jGroup all these facts together,-then, and what' is the inevitable inference j Why, that he Argut should have reversed its rearks about Tin 'Courier in ^e way we put the • case above, £or only by oing this would justice have been one to the case dealt with. T/te ourier has not slaughtered - Major *i»3 for committing corruption, ecause Major £KITH never indulged n that abuse. But the Argus has candalised that ex-Minister, not because' e was guilty of any ,wrong, but aolelj ecause iie liad the etupeadous tndaity to be a Minister in deed «k mil psj name, in his' dealing with tin ^officials, and the Melbourne Club coterie -cannot pardon r any '«uch" in- ^naillv dignity kMMM NPON 1 ITE t h fJIRO^M. ' - V u " fTIJA' L u ittitudfl ofthe Argue all through this busi- f - ness has been O sickening- sight TO observe. SAT WE will not HAVE the wrong thrust upon, our shoulders. Our hands are clean in the whole of this dispute, Cor all we have done is to obtain fair play for a grossly ill-used man, and to put down a pre-determination to ruin a political opponent, than which nothing could be more de'.estable or na-Eaglish. THE Lady FLORENCE DIXIE'S doubted, and yet partially corroborated, stoiy is one more of those qvosi mysterious episodes which go to give point to the cynical aphorism that nothing is more unreliable than contemporary history. Her story is circumstantial. There were .the stabs in her dress, cutting. through to the innermost mail-like mystery of-female costume; somebody bore witness to her mouth being dirt-covered and "on one side." Bat perhaps that witness was a wag, and . only meant to hint at the pro: bability 'that there was what sailors call " a list" in the lady's narrative of events. It is evident that if the stozy be true, the wonder is bow it was that the assassins did not do the deed they went to do. But if it be not true, how could the stabs in th6 dress have been so effectually performed ? Yet if trnp, the whole affair was so silently carried off that people close by heard and saw nothing of the terrible onslaught But when Lady DIXIE was met, she " looked as white as a ghost," says the picturesque describer who bore witness to her mouth being " one-sided," and he himself was so frightened that he askei no questions, but restricted his energies to "getting her liome as fast" as he was able to operate upon a woman so prostrated that " she could -hardly lift her feet from the ground." " Her hands were bleeding," Bays the same witness, and that is explained by her statement that when the assassins stabbed at her, she seized the dagger 'with both hands, and shouted as loud as she could. Sir BEAUMONT, her husband, Bays that when she reached home she was as palB as death, and trembled .from head to . foot." Indeed, he declares that be was perfectly satisfied with the veracity of her tale, for she was " all to pieces." It is probable that he was the more disposed to credit his wife's story, seeing that he had received a threatening letter informing him that if he did not " keep her quiet" he "would have a hole through his skin." This stimulating announcement, however, ntsed not have deprived Sir BEAUMONT of his perceptive or reasoning faculties, and it is clear that he is- tbe equal of the other witness- in graphic description; so that on the whole we give the benefit of 4he doubt in all the mystery to the credit of Lady DIXIE'S veracity. We assume that the would-be assassins -were clumsy, cowardly ruffians, who blundered in their bloody business, and fled in affright, when the lady was not killed, bnt grappled with them, and cried out lustily, and a dog came to her rescue. If anybody can give a better explanation of the mystery, he is welcome to display his ingenuity. To throw a further haze of inquisitive doubt upon the whole affair, the home papers publish details of Lady DIXIE'S relationship and manner of life. Her brother is the agnostic Marquis of QUEBKSBERKY, who interrupted TENNYSON'S drama because it reflected, as he thought unfairly, upon freethinkers. He lost his seat in the House of Lords, but another brother went and sa( st the feet of the Pope, was made master of a Catholic school in Paddington, andean elder sister piously assisted in "die work, and married the baker boy of the scholastic refectoiy; whilst the younger sister, the Lady FLORENCE, would seem to be a sort of Bohemian on her own account, with strong smack of DON QUIXOTE and IDA PFFEIFER in her locomotive constitution. She had " done " Patagonia on horseback, possibly as primitively as old Dutch vrows did their trans - Drackensberg and Transvaal pilgrimages, and she then took np with Irish sympathies, and interested heiself with the statistics of Land League revenue and expenditure. This was the unpardonable «n, it is alleged, for she -discovered a mysterious deficit of £150,000. This, it iB assumable, led to suspicion of the blood-money business, and it surely is enough to explain the attack upon her life; for Fenian thirst for blood and revenge would not hesitate to assassinate a hundred ELORENCE DIXIES if they stood .in the way of their infernal purposes. AT the last meeting of the Town Council a deputation was appointed, or talked about, we are not sure which, to wait upon the editors of the local papers requesting them not to publish any more paragraphs with regard to the condition cf the local drains, until they were quite eure of the veracity of their statements. That deputation has not reached this office yet; so that the inference is that a very novel and surprising project has been incontinently abandoned. Bnt if that deputation had reached ue, we would have been under the necessity of saying that we are quite ignorant of ever having reported any stink which did not actually existj for. it is not at all in our line to invent paragraphs of this unsavory nature. But we should have gone, on to. tell some Vholesome truths about the condition' of the Bast, as" well as of the condition of the West .for- that there is room for improvement in both parts of the town, in a mutary-respect, he would be' a 'peculiar kind of man that would tafav&se.; \- In - many puts of the city and town box-drains, for example, jhave been constructed, having outlets into the main gutters, or roadside channels; and to this exquisite freak of engineering genius a great deal of the typhoid fever which is still raging in Ballarat may be safely attributed. The wood bang of a' spongy nature, holds the more poisonous gases and material, which .the mere trickling drainage in" this sort of weather carries/end from those deposits «xhale tail those germs by which lie fever -plagqa is . carried through. the town and city. If any one donbts this, let him or fate go near '^T oublets tiflEdme of these box or wooden driuns, and he or she trill have fdl doubt Bwepfc '«WBy- TOIL the instant. DIRT lay-. ' ing <down; uid conncill(^jha.ve onlyto tekan up w repairs or removal to-jgather abundant testimony in support of this objection. r f .4.1 va • ••• t s. '' » Drains Should either be-'-toade of masonry, or, when, fanda we low, of earthen waife pipes, for * wholesome by one or other of these methods being adopted. IK faer rage at bang grossly ill-used, a g'il named MIBBA NOTT stabbed her lover the other day in a neighboring colony, and forthatoffence she was tried, convicted, and sentenced to expiate her offence on die scaffold. The youth of the prisoner, coupled with the treatment she had received from her victim, caused the Executive to commute the sentence to five years' imprisonment, and she is now undergoing this period of incarceration. The knife is a nasty implement to use, and no member-of the Anglo-Saxon race takes kindly to its employment for pnnishing offenders. Therefore, we do not defend MXBBA NOTT for " -using this implement to punish her defiant and miserable sweetheart. But we do think the girl has received too severe a sentence even as it stands now, for the conduct of the man she killed was simply atrocious, and the evidence was anything but complete that she struck the blow with the intention of cansingdeath. The probabilities are in favor of her wishing to injure the deceased, but not to take his life, although-the latter was the result of her action. The deceased had seduced the girl under a promise of marriage, and when the time came for this promise to be fulfilled he refused to many her. The girl was, therefore, deeply and doubly injured; and although she had no right to use a knife, still more allowance than was the case, should have been made by the Executive for tbe exasperation die was necessarily laboring under at the time, owing to the disgraceful and scandalous way in which she had been treated. A year's imprisonment would have fnlly met the equitiesof the case; and we think a mistake has been fallen into by the term of imprisonment having been extended beyond this period. In England two or three years ago, a woman was triect before Mr Justice BRETT for killing her husband. The husband came home drunk, and abused his wife without any reasonable pretext. In faer exasperation the woman struck her - husband with a poker, and he died from the effects of the wound. The jury found her guilty of murder, but the judge refused to pass sentence. He said it had been shown by the evidence that she was a good wife, and the husband "a bad man; and he told the woman .that although he could not set aside the jury's verdict, he could do the next thing to it, namely, set "her at liberty, and this be did, by ordering her to come np before the court when called upon for sentence. " But," he added, " God forbid that any judge should ever call you before him for that purpose, for you have been more sinned against than sinning." Dealing with MIBRA NOTT, in this way, might have been cutting the matter a little too fine. Bat all the same, she has been punished too much, for although she did wrong, the circumstances go a long way to palliate her f uiy. THE exquisite fairness which characterises some of the "Melbourne papers may be gathered from a leading article which appears in yesterday's Tthgrapk. That paper takes np the apparently irrepressible parable of the Education Commission, and fires up grandly, although in an indirect form, at Major SMITH, for the appointment near Beechworth, and for what occurred at the school at St. Arnaud. Seeing that Mr BROWN has announced that the officials of the department are wholly responsible for the former event, the conduct of the Telegraph is highly chivalrous; and if there be a leather medal kickingabont Melbourne, it ought to be presented to that paper forthekeen regard it displays for inequity and injustice. The St Arnaud case iB equally impudent. Everybody knows by this time why Mr O'SIALLEY was removed from the St Arnaud school, for it. WAS fully explained not long since by the Si. Arnaud Mercury- and the Age was the only Melbourne paper which had the good taste, and sense of justice to republish the information thus furnished. And eveiybody will be 6till further enlightened about Mr O'MALLEY and the St Arnaud school when Parliament reassembles. The Telegraph-, however, cannot plead ignorance of the particulars supplied by the St. Arnaud, Mercury in defence of Major SMITH, and, hence, when trotting out this case . against the ex-Minister the Telegraph shows a disregard for fair play, which is simply de testable. Equally so is its conduct in extracting that portion of Mr O'MAL- LEY*S evidence wherein it is insinuated, if not expressly alleged, that MISSMAL- COLH'S father " was an active metiber of the election committee of -'Major SMITH," for we bar? pointed out over and over again that Mr MALCOLM never a member of Major SMITH'S election committee, for die best of all reasons that Mr MALCOLM is not a constituent of that ex-Minister's, and never has been. The damaging comments made by the Telegraph on these two cases, as against Major SMITH, show what some Melbourne papers will do to bolster up-a rotten cause, the more particularly when a political opponent is the target or victim. Typhoid lever, we regret to state. Is still prevalent In eeveral pacts of the city, and yesterday a fine jiri, some nine and a-half yean of age, the daughter of Mr "White (of Messrs AUeudcr aod White, tailorajudied at hcr father'* rcaideoeevSoIdierB' HiU, from, this dreadful malady. It is stated that there aie-^qp lees than nine other cases of typhoid in the fi&me; blo£k, between Brougham and Mocartbor street*. - Two -caaee are also ro ported In Victoria atreet, usually considered one of the healthiest thoroughfares in the town. A meeting of subscribers to Hie Creswick Accident Belief Fond, coovefied by Ur John Hardy, was to have been held at Pobjoy'a Unicorn hotel 'yesterday afternoon. The business, aa advertised, was " to consider the proper maimer of appropriatuig the. fond subscribed, and steps to he taken for the: immediate distribution upon the conditions for which the money • was subscribed." Messrs Hardy, oadie, G. F. Smith, Acheson, and Whiting attended at the time and place appointed, bot no otbers appearing up to five o'clock, it was decided not tb enter upon the fastness lor which they were called together. Ur Hardy hinted that hia next actios wonld lie proceedings in Equity to compel the" holders of the money he bad contributed to >p!y it ia. the way in which he intended It lould be applied when be gave it. . A memorial waa recently aent to tie Cfeief Cotmmariaaer of Patiae, thebagfa Saperinten-' dent Sadletr. in favor of tbe promotion of of aob-inapector, and " was aigned ty >r CerKaaoaoo bshalfof twdre jasticee aI die peace. Superintend ent Sadleir, in a ntda : " a^oapuiytiig tbe memorial stated Hat white Sngeast M'Parfaod was a steady mui vSBmit effioet^ he .rfid net Bee aay naado wby btt sboold be promoted over tiie head* <£ 4a «emen in tbi* and other *dia hnts, A xeply to the memorial fcaa been n^vedban "the Chief Omwiitmtoaer, «t*ttng that though he ta extnmiely {r*atified at ousb an cqraKqn of opinion by the justices regarding Serjeant M'Psrbud, he c&nmrt; bnt endorse Superintendent ScdleirVriew of the matter. Information reacted tbeEilIarai East police yesterday morning that a draoket, row was going on in a brothel in Grant street, to the very great 'annoyance of ifce neighbors. Sergeant M'Pariand and Smser-cons."able Thompson visited the hoose, and saw a shocking eight. One female, named Anaie Drummoud, was lying on tbe Boor to a nude state, while another woman, named Mary Murphy, and two men, named William Hayes and George Montgomery (the latter aged seventy-six) were also in the room. Hayes was dealing ont whisky to the others, and all were intoxicated. Warrants were got out for the arrest of tbe four » vagrants, and the two officers mentioned,with Constable Barrett, subsequently conveyed them to the watch-hoote. HnrpLy, Drammood, and_Montgoniery were charged with having co lawful visible means cf support, and Hayes was charged -with being thc occupier of a bouse frequented by vagrants. The old man, Montgomery, was formerly an inmate bf the Benevolent Asylum. A miner named William Trethowan, employed in the No. 7 mine of the Btn'd and Albion Consols Company, met with a singular accident yesterday. Trethowan while waiting in the changiog-room, previous to entering upon the night-shift, engaged in a wrestle with one of bis mates, the result being that the two combatants had a heavy fall, in which Trethowan had his leg broken. He was taken to the Hospital and admitted as an indoor patient. Mr Robertson, of Ballan, who was injured through being thrown from his horse in Victoria street last week, left the Hospital yesterday. The resident snrgeon advised him to remain in the institution, bnt Mr Robertsonrefnsed, preferring to go to his home. We are given to understand that the Bedmond Brothers will visit Ballarat next -Monday week. ESbrfs will, be made to secure the Alfred Hall for the brothers to speak in; bnt we may state that tbe hall committee have already decided not to let it for such a purpose. The ratepayers of Ballasit East, mindful of good work formerly done in the Town Council by their fellow- townsman, Mr James Long, have, as we reported yesterday, elected him without opposition to the seat vacated by Mr Thomas Wood. Mr Long's many yean' experience ia council matters will make him a valuable addition to that body. Mr Tarpie, J.P., attended at the Town Police Court yesterday jnoming, and remanded Sydney Herbert on a charge of bootstealing until Monday next. It having been publicly stated that Mr B. Baker, M.L.A., intends taking an action for damages against the New Discovery Company, in whose mine he recently met. with a serious accident; we' are in a position to uy that the statement was not made on Mr Baker's authority. Itie highly improbable that be will do anything of the kind, though there can be no doubt that an action could be taken. We are are glad to note that Mr Baker's recovery to complete health is only a question of freedom from business matters and time. A post-mortem examination was yesterday held by Dr Usher upon' the body of Mr M. Lyons, whose death we reported 'in Tuesday's issue, when it was found that death resulted from disease cf the brain. The funeral of the deceased was held in the afternoon, his remains being interred in the New Cemetery. The esteem in which Mr Lyons W;&s; held was shown by the large number of persons who followed bis remains to the grave, the cortege consisting of about thirty vehicles, while about seventy friends, including members of the City and other foot* ball clubs, followed on foot.. The Esv. Father Meade performed the burial service at the grave. A novelty in the faneral was that the hearse was drawn by two white horses. The Rev. J. W. Inglis retnmed from Adelaide (where he has been attending the Presbyterian Conference of Australia) on Monday. When he left Ballarat his health was not all that could be desired, and he was suffering from a severe shock to hiB system, received in'the Clones railway accident, but he has now quite recovered in health, and the trip has done him a great deal of good. To his congregation and bis numerous friends this will be welcome news. Mr Inglis delivered two lectures at Adelaide, the subjects being respectively "Girfield" and the "Songs cf Scotland." The large hall in which they were delivered was crowded on each occasion. Some practice in carb'ne- sbootmg and range-sighting was done by members of tbe police at the City police station yesterday, under the direction of DriU-instructor Sergeant Fagan. The practice was carried on by the use of Morris' patent tubes, and the men's dormitofy was converted for the time into "butts." The tube is of such make that it can be inserted into a carbine, and while keeping a rifled bore, reduces the size of the carbine bore to a diameter of 3-I6th of au inch. Cartridges to fit this minnte bore are provided, and the next thing necessaiy ia a proper target. This last is a sheet of paper about the siz: of a newspaper folio halved longitudinally. Oa the lower part of it a spot for aiming at is marked, and above this spot are drawn targets with bnlls'- eyes and outer rings. These targets are drawn one immediately on top of the other, and as they approach the top of the sheet of paper they are contracted in size. The loirest is for the shortest range to be practised at, and the highest for the longest A marksman practising at the 100 yards range with this tube sights his small bore for that distance from abont five yards away, and he aims at the spot mentioned. According to the accuracy of hiB aim will be the proximity of the tiny bullet to the bull's-eye on the 100 yards targfet. When firingat the 1000 yards range Ue, having sighted his weapon for that distance, takes aim at tha same point. If his aim be trus, bo will bit the bnll's-eye in the topmost target. " The advantage by this practice ia that it can be conducted in an ordinary room, provided that something is set up to hold the pellets fired, and to represent " Warrenheip." Two deal tables backed the paper target at the barracks yesterday, and held most of the bullets. Oae or twp, however, pierced both, and drilled the brick wall beyonl slightly. It is calculated that a carbine with the tube in ^ kill at 399 yams, to it will be understood that though it c:il bC used in a room, it is not a weapon for people to fool round with. The practice done, and the drill instruction given, was no doubt beneficial to the practitioners and the drilled, but we faucy the passengers along Lydiard street yesterday afternoon would not have stopped enquiringly on hearing the pop of the weapon had they known tyros were using it, and that it would kill at 300 yards. The men will fire at the butts today, under the direction of the drill instructor. A boy named John O'Brien, from Bangaree, was treated at the Hospital for a very severe cut on the hand. O'Brien was cutting a piece of. wood, when the axe slipped and struck him on the hand, cutting clean through the .bone in two of his fingers. A man named 'Patrick 'Coffey, a resident of Brown Hill, was admitted to the institution on Monday flight with a strained leg. While walking along the road Coffey pnt hia foot in' a rut, sustaining the injury mentioned. Henry Coady, a whilom Beformatoiy bty, was brongbt up on remand at the City Police Court yesterday, and discharged, on Captain Evans, of the Befonnatoty, stating that he would guarantee the boys future behavior, and secure .him a situation. A well-known resident of Ballarat Wrat created some amosemeat in the City Police Court yesterday when answering a charge of obscene language. The prosecutor swore that prisoner's obscenity was disgraceful, J and that be was "quoting Shakefpeare." Prisoner said he made use of do bad language, and waa anxious to ascertain if it was obscene, to quote Shakespeare; He also said H ms a i hard tqatter If he were not permitted t» use bis mother tongue. The good effect this eloquent appeal «n%fet have had m m the magistrates vraa, however, frnstrated by the prosecutor's counsel wickedly suggesting that "perhaps hia mother swore," and prisoner waa mulcted in this asm cf £1, with £1 la ieta. A correspondent writes:—" On Sunday, the HsUelujah SalntwB Bud agiun h&d; rded cbngregatuna, such as are not often i in Ctnsea, especially in the evening. The BiblaJQiris'ttaxr Church, whick will hofa about 500 people, waa literally packed, and tbe addresses gives by the members of the band told well' npon tbe vast assemblages. Their singing, I must Bay, is vtry good. I wish them God speed." A spedal meeting ot the &ight; Hours* committee was held last night, in Camp street; Mt. Ballantyne in th«i chair, Ths. meetinr..was well attended. Several reports ware brought forward, an3 -amongst other BUSINESS, the remainder of the art-union erize* were handed over to the winners. Mr T. W<-*»B, a aucceafnl prize-taker, generosdy gave one guinea towards the Trades' Hail. Several other items were discussed, after which the meeting adjourned until FRIDAY EVENING with the CECAL compliment to the chair. The frmera! of fee late Mrs Brazenor will take place to-day. Yesterday was sale day at the CaWfe-y.xrdE, fcit all having business there showed their SYMPATHY for the bereaved husband IN> »IFM-T pnntical way by refraining as muclr as POSSIBLE? from intruding upon him. Pawnbrokers-have the well-merited repn tation of being' shrewd AOI cautiaus AIEN of business, and MF to be easiy " GOT AT;* 1 but sometimes even tbey are deceived by the most simple methods, as icstauced yesterday, when a NUM-spoken iraocent- lcokiog •womsjijeirtered tfee establish C^ENT of a wellknown money-lender in Baliasnt East, and stated she wished to redeem a pledge which she bad lodged socse time previously for a- temporary advance. She thereupon placed 1 a £1 down on the counter and opened it ont in the most guileless manner, while the pawnbroker, with a sweet smile, gave her the goods and necessary change, at the eame time thanking her for her patronage. The woman then went on ber way rejoicing, but the pawnbroker was COT long in a similar frame of mind, for on lucking at the-bankagain. L.e eaw it to be one of tbe Provincial and Suburban issue, and of codrse worthless. Not waiting for further enquiries, the pawnbroker rushed out of the- door in search of his CTistomer, and made the neighborhood particularly lively for a time by his excited ejaculations, but the woman was not to-be found, she having made the best use of her time by getting away as speedily as possible. We are glad to learn that Mr J. W. Gray is recovering slowly from his recent severe illness, and is now able to leave his room. Mrs Dyer, of Pennyweight HiU, Ballarat East, is the possessor of a pig-which has jnafc had a litter of no less -than twenty-eight young ones. For fecundity, this sow hasprobably never been touched, as it has now averaged twenty-four for five litters, or a total of 120 young pigs, while it is only rix years old. The members of the latest litter are all strong and healthy. It is pleasing to note that the concert is the Alfred Hall last night, given by the pupils of the Victorian Asyfaim and School for the Blind, was a splendid financial success, tbe .amount taken at' the doers beine £79 lis. 15 On Monday evening tbe scratch fours of the City Bowing Clnb were continued, when M'NanghtonJs crew met P. Cazaly%; the result was a win for the latter crew. To-night Jamieson'S crew meet Dawson's Mfbalf-paat five. The Bev. Mr Newport, amiscaonary from India, preached at .the Congregational Church on Sunday last. His sermons dealt in a most interesting manner with tbe present condition of-tbe .educated natives of India, and the progress of Christianity in that great country. The discourses were listened to with intense .interest by large congregations. This afternoon Mr Kewport will feddress a meeting of ladies in the Congregational schoolroom at three e'DOCK, on " Zenana mission work;" asd in the evening at half-past seven, he will address a public meeting in the new church. At the evening meeting specimens of native gods, books, and ornaments will be shown. The excursion and picnic by the Maryborough, Majorca, and Carisbcook branches of the Amalgamated Miners* Associationwill take place to-day, the gathering ground being the Ballarat Botanical Gardens. Large numbers are also expected from Talbot, Homebush, and Timor, and altogether there will be about 500 visitors. The mayors of Carisbrook and Majorca Have declared a public holiday, and a special train' has been arranged for, which will reach Ballarat at about ten o'clock. A meeting of hairdressers was held on Monday evening, at which a number of masters were present. It waa unanimously resolved by those present to wait upon the absent employers to ask their acquiescence in the proposal to substitute A whole holiday on Friday instead of tbe half-day observed at present. Mr Schutze, tailor and outfitter, of STURT etreet, bas had his business premises materially improved by several alterations and additions, the fnost important of which is the ejection of a ladies' fitting room. This is for the special accommodation of ladies who require jackets and mantles to be made, the manufacture of which is a speciality in Mr Schutze's establishment. A epecial cutter has been engaged to attend upon ladies, and the room has been very handsomely furnished. The front shop has' also been renovated. The Bev. Mr Newport delivered a highly interesting and instructive lecture on "Mission Work in India" in the Zion Congregational Ciiurcb, Sebastopol, on Monday night. Mr O. R Edwards occupied the chair, and at the conclusion of the discourse the Iccturer received a hearty vote of thanks, proposed by the Bev. Joseph Walker, and seconded by the Bev. Mr Thomas. IN a debt case at the City Police Court yesterday, in which one person sued another to recover £1 for labor done, one of the magistrates sternly asked the creditor (a very ancient individual) what occupation tbe debtor followed. The magistrate looked astonished, and the spectators smiled, aa the person addressed replied, " Why, he's one of your own employes, your worship." Tbe usual monthly meeting of the Billarat City Fire Brigade was to have been held last evening, but on account of the brigade'S patronage having been given to the concert in aid of the Blind Asylum, it was decided to adjourn the meeting to Thursday next, the 3rd instant, at the usual time and place. At the City Poliee Court yesterday, Wm. Stokes, who, it will be "remembered, some time ago created a little excitement by attempting to shoot himself, was charged with breaking four panes of glass, value 32A, the property of Amelia Moiser. The offence was committed early yesterday morning, and afterwsrds Stokes gave himself op to Sergeant Crowley. The mau'a conduct ID CPTTTT WS? so violent as to lead ONLNSKSTS to imagine he was insane. Prisoner was fined. An exhibition .of works of art will be held in Mr Tuubridge's auction rooms, Lydiard ETRE-EI, O& MONDAY, Tuesday, and Wednesday next. The EXULT"TS V ill comprise works from the brushes of Mr UAL^BOROOGH, R.A., Mr Walton, F.E.G.S., and a NO tuber of other celebrated artists. There will also be a large number of hand-painted photographs, carbon prints, and other attractive novelties displayed. This collection will be exhibited with a view to private sales being Effected. The Auftralasian Sketeher for tbe curre month is to haud. The illustrations are varied and interesting, some of them being especially, meritorious. Among the smaller efforts is a portrait of the Bev. Joseph Walker, Congregational minister, of Ballarat. The telegrams which appeared in our yesterday's issue from Gordon, were dated Friday, by mistake, instead of Monday. . The Borough Council of Sebastopo!, in our advertising columns, invite .tenders np-TO Thursday next, at seven o'clock p.M., for the privilege of renting the local cricket ground for the next twelve MONTHS for -the use of the grass upon it. Milky White " in a new part. The Agt says:—" In order to obtain the religious instruction of the young in the electorate of East Melbourne, which be represents in Parliament, Mr George COPPIRI has written to tbe school board ofadviee for tbe district, known in the Education Department as tbe No. 1 board, asking for tbe AN of a class-' rooos in each of tbe schools VNDER TBE jurisdictjon of the board after school housa. He offers, if his request is graatadv to pay tbe salaries of both a Profcestaafc and A Soman C&TBOLIC; religious teacher to attend AD give RESGIOBS instruction to the YOUNG. Tbe board DERIDED that they have no objection to granting tbe use of THE schools," B»T tbey deputed tbeir chairman aadoorrespoadentto ascertain whether the ^ENAOS who might be APPOINTED by Mr Coppin are qualified^ to fill toe posrtioe." A warrant (says tba £RGU»Y BAS been ASAED against a man givmg the Basse of C W. Hill, on A charge of- having oa the SOTII April unlawfully detailed a letter containing A post office order for £S ISS 63. . the property of the Postmaster-General of Victoria- It appears that on the date in question tbe accused obtained A Sydney letter addressed to " John Napier, Genenil Post office, Melbourne," COR tainiug a post office Older for the amount stated, by representing himae JJ to be thi person to whom it was &CMMI.; On the F.aud being discovered inquiries were made FRY Detective Lomax, who ASOP^TUNED that the -order had been cashed Vy MATTE WoTfo, pawnbroker, Elizabeth STREET, ON the 2JST Iwtant, of "€. A description obtained tbe : matter. ER; F > WEIL, "H-IPT^ An n order («RR?AP A-,; BEAT I issued to tfarpolice ETATTR. I U ciationing Zoning them £ £ £ street when constable >!e offendiug^Z 1^^;: to, the ^S^F^'ert sr.,. will fb* recommend ^end h» removal fr^^'P-^ On Monday afternoon a can^^a. leisurely doing 'E uis ills <-Wi beat" i„ w \-- *» street when t shopkeeper IE£IR£, WRF^ FEIM. The policeman, h o ^ ? , ^ ^ enter "to any conversation, soti-inS? * that ; _ tbe •e shopkeeper assured woulS b T c o S te^t'^" tere. -J —O^J. Porty-smc • raises of typhoid fCTET, World) an Tiiediaesse iSKSMstfi® meat _ have -similar Bay. A ctxrespoaSrat writes to H,. • follows wss-"Oii Thursday lE8t , " * u named id 1 Sanfeir, eon of InsjwoforsLf?" shifted, contra antrarr to all d,-™^'™^'®. one of tte lucuDKKire locomotive ensinea engines iritis™ JT,!.!"^ 0 ' person at the brake. Tbemuft'^fe engine the " Lffi™ and bs&r; beam, a^ the ider - tank a long way o™ cf t!^ No suspension has taken pL* * . ^ in this his-case. Ob Saturday ' U ** six o' 1 'clock one of tbe en^L ^ ^ train 1 attached, was Wing the ^hrosgh gb some mismanaged -amstowngoods alio, wMdJffij with l rails-. The engine cut its the '..„ or fouo R - engine fc™ 1 ? » destructive nin Tk^ •ne was also- considerably dainZd , had or* only left the Williamstt4^Jj before having sndergiine t pairs. Charles-Bright, tbe well- krown i™^., -ui iree-thought lecturer, k T ^ S * America from his wife. hsl L ' ^ ' " oi T B T I S ^ Pillow, ow, a Unitarian minister, who losT^ South Head some time hack. ^ amount of business {says the Jfc. transacted tbrooch .T Maryborough railway station I. - which! ehtoies between twenty-two and t^T taf* every day, there were than ] J ® ^ ^ despatched ^ Nearly £200 (says the World) hlnbtn illccted already for the widow a«lL»? r the late Hon. R. Clark. It i.S^J «?» Je raised for very mine m the district and the iliwi- ssocutionsin the colony will be atkedi, ibsrasbOi Mrs Clark is confined toherbri -i a weak state. In fact since thedctthtf her husband she bas been delirious. A meeting of tbe South Australian Ubeni ^ .^"Suc was held (BayB the j " ; Adelaide on Thnrsday evening, to ctuJiJ >e land question. The discussion wM op^ oy Mr T. Montgomery, who. in s locgjp^T advocated perpetual leasing as the beet m^ to abolish land monopoly. The dcbite adjourned. The board (says the Telegraph) appoj^ -J report upon the appointment, clsssifia. taon, and promotion of State school tMchm ' have presented their report to the MILUW of Education, who has it now under cocajn. ation. . Bernard Gilboy, who sailed from Sin Fm. cisco to Australia in an open boat, adisUwa of 7,000 miles, has arrived (says the .."rail a: Newcastle after a pisssge of 162 din. His boat is being publicly exhibited. To bear a close resemblance to sootier man is occasionally apt (remarks the Offing Advertiser) ia be somewhat eiabarraamg, a fact' which was experienced in a rather onpleasant fashion by a country viator oa Monday. He was walking up Moorsixiel street about noon, when a policeman quietly tapped him on the shoulder, and preferred a mili request that ke should eccompacy tim. B.ing a prudent and peaceable man, leof the country meekly obeyt d the officer of the law, and was, to his astonishment, coudoctai to" the shop of Mr D. Crawcour, pawnbroker, Malup street, and confronted wiib him as the supposed pawner 0f a 8t0'ien ^tch. i!r Crawcour, however, at once stated that he was not the individual in qu^E'.i^u, ard t'e countryman was left"at liberty to raEooie fcia business, the policeman apologiBiLg for hk rather awkward mistake. Mr Wall will lecture in the School of Mines this evening, starting at seven o'clock, on "The physical appearance of the mooa near its western limb," and ooae bet girli and their female frieuds will b: admitted. Two telescopcs will be available for obs?rratiou after the lecture. No lecture will be delivered at the school to boys tbis wttk. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Haticultural Society will be held at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, at kslfpast seven. f iThe monthly meeting of the EcjiM- Drivers' Association was convened for last evening, but in conseqaeucc of the small attendance ah adjournment was made tmlil Saturday night A meeting of the Life-boat L'Jgt, LO.G.T., will be held this evening. A public meeting of ratepiyers and others interested in the Bangaree racezmirse, nor in the OMupation of Mr T. Beutley, will be held at Callinan's Morning r-'tar hotel, Bcigsree Junction, on Thursday evening Beit, at half-past seven o'clock, to consider theadviBability of forming a racing club, snlif-nring the racecourse for its legitimate pur- poses. A tea and concert, under the antpica of the Sons and Daughters of Temp:iaojr, will takeplaoe this evening, in the Sjjieties'flall, Grenville street. The annual meeting cf the Bsllarai M Club will be held this evening, at half-pat seven o'clock, at Craig's Itoyal hotel A battalion parade of the E.V.R is laHfl for half-past seven o'clock this evening. 