The Advertiser MONDAY, MAY 7, 1883. ANOTHER instalment of the census returns for 1881 has recently been issued, and consists of tables showing the occupations of the people. No doubt the arrangement and tabulation of the census returns in volve a large amount of work, and conse quently a considerable amount of time is required for their publication. It ought to be remembered, however, by those who arc responsible for the issue of these returns that their interest greatly depends upon the promptness of their publication. Ab a matter of fact the tables now before us represent the occupations of the people of this colony two years ago. Where development and change are so rapidly and constantly going on as in these colonies a period of two years sometimes makes a most important difference in such things. Of course the permanent value of the census, for purposes of reference and comparison is not affected by the delay or hastening of its issue by a few months. But such returns have a passing interest as well as a permanent value ; and the former depends almost entirely on their representing the state of things as it is, not as it was. It appears to us that a* little more dispatch is quite possible and veiy desirable. Notwithstanding that they come to hand rather late, these pre sent tables may with advantage be atten tively considered as tin-owing a good deal of light on the change that is coming over thc character and engagements of South Australian life. Probably, too, the past two years have not been marked by any very great changes in the particulars with which the tables deaL In gold mining there have been great fluctuations, but they have been of brief dura tion, and that industry is not very much better nor worse than it was two years ago. Considerable changes are rapidly taking place in the farming interest. The experience cf the past, together with the recent alterations of the Land Act, wfll have the effect of changing the locality of a large number ?ft agriculturists, but the number of them will not be greatly affected ; and notwith standing all past disappointment, it may lie expected tliat a steady if small increase will quietly go on Itotli in regard to the quantity of land cultivated and the number of persons engaged on it. On the whole, though they are tivo yeara old, the returns now published probably represent pretty accurately the present occupations of the people. With the fuller returns there is pub lished a comparative summary of great value, by which the results of the census of 1881 are compared tritli tliat of 1870. The total [population of South Australia, in cluding thc Northern Territory, at the earlier date was 213,271, and at the later, 270,805, showing an increase of W>,s!<4_. In spite ?.f all tliat lias been said in dis paragement of the Northern Territory, and the gloomy reports that have been given, the population tliere increased in the five years from 743 to 3,451. This number includes Chinese, but excludes aborigines. Of the total population of the province agriculturists show, of course, byjf—" the largest number. Of males, as shown in the tables, there are 12,281 farmers, and 14,817 farm laborers and relatives of farmers assisting on farms. Of females tliere are 3Jti returned as farmers, and 1,130 farm servants and daughters or other relatives assisting on the farms. Vtlien to this total of 28,613 persons engaged in fanning there are added the wives and cliildren and servants and dependent relatives, it will be seen how large a proportion of the population depend on the results of farming for their subsistence, and how greatly the success or failure of agriculture must affect the entire interests of the colony. Market gardeners, gar deners, and nurserymen nunilx^- 1,717. and squatters and graziers 3'.)l>. There are sen-ants and relatives engaged with these, bringing up the grand total of persons engaged in agricultural, horticul tural, and pastoral pursuits to 34,820, as again?t 27,2?0 in 187*'. The tables before us show a large falling off in the number of persons in the colony engaged in mining, there being only 2,1!)G in 18S1 against 3,070 in 1870. This felling off ig participated in by all the chief mining centres. In the .Burra county, where the principal mine has ceased working, twenty-one persons are returned for 1881, and 259 for 187C In the county of Adelaide tlic numbers are respectively 185 and 277; in Light, 27 and 121; in Sturt, 12 and 51; in Flinders, 2 and 29; in Daly, wliich contains Moonta and Wal laroo, 1.023 and 2,474 ; in portions of the colony outside the counties, 27 and 144: and in thc Northern Territory, 194 and 297\. It will thus be seen tliat there has teen a general all-round decline in mining matters. This is much to be regretted, but so far as copper mining is concerned, it is the result of the low price of the metal rather than of a falling off in the productiveness of thc mines. The above figures, however, would not very approxi mately apply to the present condition of mining affairs, as Bmce the census was taken there has been a decided expansion of mining enterprise. It is to be hoped that tiiis revival will not be evanescent, but that the great resources of the colony that are at present so partially developed will contribute more largely than ever to thc wealth and prosperity of thc population. In commerce and industry the returns show that great progress has been made. The commercial class is subdivided into (1) persons who buy or sell, keep or lend money on houses or goods, and (2) persons engaged in the conveyance, of men, animals, goods, or messages. Of the former subdivision there were 3,811 in 1870, and 5,509 in 188L In the second subdivision there were 4,787 and 7,719 at the two dates respectively. The total for 1870 was 8,598, and for 1831, 13.285, the increase being 4,090, or more than 50 per cent Industry shows a similar ad vance. In tiiis class there are five sub divisions, which are with their numerical strength, as follows :— 1. Persons en gaged in working and dealing in art and mechanical productions in which matters of various kinds are employed, 1870, 0,014, and 1881, 10,910. 2. Persons working and dealing in textile fabrics, in dress, and in fibrous materials, in the former year 4,900, in thc latter 0,894. 3. Persons working aad dealing in food and drinks 2,038, and 4,343 for the two years respectively. 4. ? Persons working and dealing in animal and vegetable substances, 901 and 1,340 for the two years respectively. 5. Persons working and dealing in minerals, 7,274 in 1870, and 10,039 in 1881. The totals for the industrial classes are 22,443 for 1870, and 33,533 for 1881, the increase being almost exactly 50 per cent. The domestic class includes wives, and children, and servants, and numbered 139,005 in 1870, and 175,030 in ISBI. Of the latter number 10,340 are enumerated as domestic servants. In the professional classes there has been a very large increase. Thus the persons engaged in the general and local government of the province were 1,288 in 187G, and 1,871 in 1881. It is not easy to see that an increase of very nearly 50 per cent, was necessary in five years for the public service of the colony. The learned professions, literature, art, and science, were in 1870 represented by 2,700 persons, whereas in 1881 they had increased to 4,153. Among the residue of the popula tion there were 4,284 persons supported by the community in 1881 against 2,428 in 1870. This increase of more than 70 per cent, seems much too large. The total of 4,284 for 1882 is made up thus—Occupa tion not stated, males 920; females 077. Inmates of charitable institution and pen sioners, males 853, females 527. Unem ployed at present 097 males ; 07 females. Prisoners 400 males, 77 females. The mieerablc condition of the crofters in Uie Western Islands of Scotland bas lately attracted some of the attention hitherto almost exclusively concentrated on the Irish farmers and their righto and wrongs. The grievances of the Hebrideans are only too painfully real. There is no need whatever to depict imaginary hardships or to exaggerate the sad tale of suffering in order to enlist the sympathy of the public. Unfortunately the destitution verging on famine that exists at present in several of the "Western Islands is nothing Ben in those parts, although it is aggra vated to an extant unknown for nearly forty years past. When the crops and the fishing both fall, when a harvest can be gathered neither from sea nor on shore, the privations endured by Uie grimly patient islanders surpass ordinary belief. The/' have long contrived to bearmp against terrible odds, but In this instance they have perforce suocum bed to a relent- , less fate. &0 acute, widespread, and , urgent has been their distress -tliat Dr. j Cameron, the member for Glasgow, I introduced a Seeds Bill with * view to j afford the starving crofters temporary . relief and a prospect of brighter things next season. To the intense indig- ' nation of Scotland tliat Bill had to be abandoned, liecause, shame to say, it waa wantonly obstructed, and could not bs ? passed in time to be of any practical gocd. It was prudently withdrawn lest the re tention of it on the order-book would interfere with the earnest attempts being made to do by means of private charily and gifts what it was most anxiously desired should be done by way of loan by Parliament; for the money sought was to be advanced on loan at the current rate of interest, and its appropriation was to be restricted to the distressed counties. The Scotch may be pardoned for reflecting bitterly that last year the Irish peasantry liad assistance given them for the asking, receiving fcr nothing seed potatoes and grain. This inattention to the crying wauts of the deplorably dis tressed islesmen is all the more reprehen sible because official returns laid before Parliament tell of hundreds of families— here three-fourths, and there four-fifths of the crofters —being without potatoes or the means to procure them. Six weeks ago it was reported that in Skye alone about 800 families were in immediate want of the bare neces saries of life. Those who have appealed to the Government for help to the sufferers have received cold c.aifort in the assurance that if the rates and private benevolence prove unequal to the task of coping with the prevalent distress the Government will consider it a duty then to step in. In the meanwhile a royal ciminission lias been appointed to enquire into the condition of the crofters in the Western Islands. Even this interference, as it is reckoned by some of the lairds, is re sented. These lofty gentry would fain keep up the scorn and disdain entertained by the old chiefs for extraneous meddling with them and their afiaira. Dean Ramsay tells the story of a Highland chieftain who fell sick and called in the doctor, who pronounced his liver to be out of order, whereupon his patient, considering this a great liberty with a Highland chieftain, roared out—"And what business is it of yours whether I have a liver or not?' The royal commission will now proceed to feel the pulse of the Western Islands, and try to detect the prime source of the chronic destitution, and thereafter suggest remedies for the mitigation or prevention of th^ disorder. Before setting out in their quest, however, the members of the commission knew full well that land monopoly is a serious cause of much of the mischief, not only in the north-west but everywhere in Scotland. The law favors the accumulation of estates to such an extent that seventy men own one- half of Scotland, 330 men own two-thirds of the country, and nine-tenths of it is in the possession of under 1,700 men. Bat the grievances of the Highland popula tion are not confined to land monopoly. According to Dr. Cameron, M.P., the " factor" has his finger in every thing. "Crofters in many places are not, it appears, allowed even to marry with out his leave. " Not only are the magis trates usually landed proprietors, but the public prosecutors are in a great many instances their agents. In this way the fountain of justice is doubly tainted." Thc hapless wights in presence of over bearing and all-powerful lords of the soil have apparently become so helplessly cowed that they might well adapt, sub stituting other clan names, the morning litany of an old laird of Cultoquhy, which was in these terms—" Frae the ire o' the Drummonds, the pride o' the Graemes, the greed o the Campbells, and the wind o' the Murrays, guid Lord de liver us."' Against an abject depen dence which is fostered by the system of tenancy-at-will and the oppresive inter ference of landlords and their agents, the crofters have at last exhibited a spirit of resistance. Even the wrong doing of the Skyemen, who were be trayed into excesses, has been somewhat extenuated by the direful circumstances in which they were placed, though of course the best friends of the crofters would counsel them to seek the removal of their acknowledged grievances by con stitutional means. In a characteristic letter, read at a meeting held in London to discuss the crofters question, Professor Blackie, after remarking that the matter was one of supreme social importance, wrote:—"That a people formed of such sterling qualities as the Scottish Highlanders, and a people to whom we owe so much of our military glory should have been sacrificed as they have been to thc selfishness, or the callous ness, or the ignorance of landlords, armed with partially and onc-sided land laws, and to a political economy, falsely o-called. which mistakes the wealth of the few for the well-being of the many, is one of the greatest blots on .the face of our modern civilisation.1' In conclusion the professor suggested that if the meeting wanted a text to preach from they could have none better than— " Woe unto them that join house to house, that lay field to field, till there be no place that they may be placed alone in the midst of the earth"—a text which, he continued, "I wish aU your English bishops would take up seriously, and inform the country how it can be re conciled with the purpose of turning an ndustrious population out of their native glens to make room for a few lord-bigs and American mfllionairea engaged in the cultivation of wild wastes." The extension of deer forests to which the allusion is made is nationally indefensible, and among other things it is probable tliat the royal commission will try to stop this by pro posing the imposition of heavy assess ments on these forests. Tlic glens and forests reclaimed from mere sporting uses might provide for the profitable occupation of many who now eke out a starveling existence. It is indeed con tended that over ? population and not depopulation is the source of all the misery. The Hcbrideans in particular cling to the land and divide and subdivide their crofts until, it is. said, a patch which can barely support one family has to provide a living for half a dozen. The destitution is directly traced to the existence in the islands of more crofters than the land will support, and it is further asserted that the Highlands are essentially a pas toral country. On the otlier hand, the backward state of husbandry is referred to the absence or paucity of leases, the granting of which, or preferably the adoption of fixity of tenure, would induce better cultivation on land available oa easier terms, while the crofters would foe also encouraged by the addition of grazing grounds to existing beddings. But indue course it will be known what are the actual conditions and circumstances that have mainly contributed to the present regrettable state of affairs, so far at least as these can be ascertained by the royal commission. Ix these days of rapid travelling, and the multiplication and extension of railways, everything that will tend to lessen the possibility of accident and consequent danger to life and limb is worthy of atten tion. That the railway systems of the Australian colonies are capable of im provement, especially where the traffic is heavy and the lines axe used by trains frequently running in opposite directions, lias been illustrated in more than one instance during the past twelve months by accidents, of which that which oc curred at Hawthorn, in Victoria, is a type. The arrangements in use on most lines of railway for the prevention of accident greatly depend upon the intel ligence, watchfulness, and care of those under whose direction any special matter may be placed; and in cases where through overwork or inattention any particular duty is neglected, however trivial the neglect may appear, damage to property and loss of human life may ensue. The possibility of such neglect occurring, or rather the fact that such neglect does occur more or less frequently, has caused those whose special duty it is to study railway management, with a view to lessen the possibility of accident, to introduce such methods from time to time as have the tendency to make railway travelling both easy and safe ; aud for years it has been the aim of men of practical ability to conceive of some method by which the work of giving danger signals, when two trains are approaching each other on the same line, shall be done automatically, and therefore not be dependent on officers who may through various causes be liable to perform their duty in a perfunctory way. Among those who have given attention to the matter in question is BL Charles Cligny, ex-General Inspector of Railways in France, who claims to have invented a method by wliich trains a-> -proacliing each other may interchange signals by electricity in such a manner as to preclude the possibility of a collision, if thc conductors pay the slightest attention to the signals given. The method as de ssribed by M. Cligny in a description of his " project" which he has forwarded to us is briefly as follows:—The guards' vans are to be provided with a telegraphic ap paratus capable of receiving and transmit ting messages, and a chime of bells specially adapted to the apparatus, so as to give the guard warning that danger may be apprehended. The communica tion is to be by the means of a line wire laid in the -centre of the road at such height as not to interfere with the work ing of the line, and to be carried under ground where level crossings occur. Upon this wire a metallic brush, formed by a plate of copper and two sheets of steel, move, " the contact necessary for the cstablislunent of the electric current being established by means of a cylinder placed under the van,-which is worked by the current of air resulting from tho movement of the train." For this pro ject M. Cligny claims that "it has immense advantage over all others, in that it alone is mechanical, Automatic, and mathematical." He states that he has made a pnblic experiment on the line of Point Andemer and two other lines in France, in the presence of a, number of brother engineers and a special board d'Academie des Sciences de Paris Ammv the year 1877, and allows it to be inferred that the experiment was successful. The fact remains, however, that though the "project" was brought before the public some lifteen years ago it bas not come into general use either in France or any other part of Europe; and though M. Cligny has travelled in America, no practical notice appears to have been taken of his scheme in that country. Recently he has brought it before the railway department in Victoria, but the telegraph engineer has signified to M_ Cligny that he prefers "the block system," and "the project" has been dismissed with appa rently scant attention. If the scheme is as good as the inventor claims it seems a \- pity that anything like professional pre judice should prevent its having a fair trial, but it is hard to conceive that those who should understand these matters, and who have the management of important railways under their control, would be so blind to the interests of the community as to refuse to adopt any scheme that would be of so much advantage as M. Cb'gny's "project" if it is nearly so per fect as he asserts, and is at the same time superior to the present systems of pre caution against accident. The Adelaide passengers per the Orient liner Lu?_taxua from London will leave Mel bourne for Port Adelaide per ateamer Vic torian to-day. Onr Melbourne telegrams this morning announce the death ot Sir John O'Shanassy, the well known leader ol what is designated the Catholic party in Victoria. Sir John was barn in Tipperary in ISIS, and emigrated to Melbourne in 1539. Shortiyafterhis arrival in the colony he bought a cattle-ran in the Westernpart district, bat subsequently he carried on business aa a draper tn Mel bourne. During the agitation fortheaepKa. tion of the Port Phillip district from Kew South Wales the deceased took an active put in the movement, and in 1851 hewas elected to a seat in the first Legislative Chamber of Victoria. In ISSC he nt for K-Omore, and a year afterwards he became Chief Secretary. He only held office, however, for six weeks, bnt during the next year he again came into power, and retained his position till the end of 1859. In IS6I he was once more elevated tocffice, and retained his position t_niS63. After paying a visit to Europe, he was elected to the Upper Honae, as one of the members for the Cental Province in 186S, but in 1874 he resigned fais neat with a new to being elected for tiie Lower House. He was defeated twice, bnt eventually in 1574 he was elected member for Belfast, which con stituency he ?—?>??*>—> a to represent until the commencemfTit of the current year, when, after the dissolution of Parliament, which took dace cm the recommea_itiion of Sir Bryan O _ochlen's Government, Sir John was rejected. He was a wary politician, and whether in the Government or ia Opposition, always managed to secure for the Irish party a considerable share of influence. As a public man hu loss will be greatly telt in Victoria; bnt the Catholic party, of which fan faaa been tiie recognised spokesman and leader in public. affairs, will find it no easy matter to obtain* successor who will throw fais influence ao fully in thdr side of the scale as Sir John O'Shanassy has done. Few colonists, having had no connection with political life, were better known, es* pecially in Adelaide, than Mr. Charles Banbury, who died early on Saturday morning, May 5- at tiie age of 76. The deceased gentleman waa aboat town as usual during Friday, and though he looked feeble, there was no reason to suppose he was ao near hia end. In the evening he was seized with an apoplectic fit. aad though medical aid was promptly called inall efforts, to avert a fatal termination were travailing. Mr. Banbury graduated at Oxford, and was 'at that University at the same time aa Mr. Gladstone was passing Qmmgh ->!? .._,.... _?. of study then. Hie came to this colony about the year lSlZJuning previously been for a, tdmrt fime in the Port Phillip -_ett_-__, aa Victoria mm* then called. He -ended we -teUen at Geelong. While pCMMied tf great w-ttoriy attainments, Mr. Banbury wae alao ajdeye-. man of business, end adopted the profession of a valuator, m-which line he bas never been surpassed in South Australia. Atonetuoe he assessed for the City Corporation. He tool: a great interest in municipal and national finance, and was an advocate hw a Statp bank, acd for floating national loans among,, the people ot the province. Can—ons, ytt_ ehrewd, he took advantage of the e*_r aordr-J cary rise in land of late yean, and bys—> ?peculations we bdieve he gitaeed himself in comfort-—— circumstances. In hia bueliw transactions he bore a high chai-M—ff ior integrity; and in private conversation Iw waa . instructive and entertaining.. He——left in * -*? -.-. _^_ _£*_£_. widow, a married daughter, and three sons, $wo of whom are named. . The football season of 1333 was ushered in on Saturday by remarkably wintry weather. During Friday night seme splendid rains fell, and with the downpour on S-turiay morn ing had the effect of making most of the foot ball grounds somewhat soft. The park lands around the dty were the scene of many foot ball contests during ths afternoon, most of the dubs engaged, nowever, bdng juniors. The North Adelaides and Norwoods, both of which dubs are connected with the South Anstralian Football Association, met on the Adelaide ovaL and the game resulted in an EW—_ fcr the latter team, which scored 3 > vid IS behind! to the former's 2 be t. The other association match eras between the South Adelaides and Ports, and was played on the Kensington ovaL The Souths won tbe game, kicking 3 goals and 9 behinds to their opponent's 2 goals and 7 iw-.i?iii_-. Both matenes were fairly well at tended, although the race meeting on the Morphettville course acted as a counter attraction. A few months ago a number of trades people in the dty and suburbs were vic timised by means of a dodge frequently prac tised in the other colonies, but which is comparatively new in Adelaide, the mode of operation bong as follows:—A man goes into a shop, makes a trifling purchase, and fats a half-sovereign down on the counter, he person who serves him gets the change, and meanwhile the swindler keeps talking on various subjects to distract the shopkeeper's at tention. Whenthechangeisputonthecounter he says, "Oh. I have some small change in my pocket; I did not know I had any. I don't want to carry a lot of diver about with me. Would you mmd giving me a pound note for this," or something to that effect He thai takes some amall silver ont of his pocket and makes up tbe amount of the change to 10s., which he puts with the half-sovereign and obtains the pound note in exchange. In nine cases out of ten* the swindler succeeds, and it ia not until after he hu left the shop that the tradesman finds tfaat he haa been victimised. The dectectives suc ceeded several months ago in arresting a well-known Victorian criminal, against srhom a number of charges were proved, and he is at present undergoing a sentence of six months in tfae Adelaide GaoL. This convic tion bad the effect of putting a stop to the swindle for the time, but within the last few days it has come to the knowledge of the detectives that several shopkeepers have been similarly victimised, and as tfaere are at pre sent a large number of well-known sharpers .From the other colonies in Addaide, at tracted here by the races, it would be as wdl for tradespeople to be on their guard. The swindlers are generally wdl dressed, rather respectable looking men, and ao plausible in manner that a person not aware of the dodge would be easily deed ved. The B battery of artillery, under Major Solomon, assembled at Fort Glanville on Saturday afternoon, May 5, for heavy gun practice. There waa a good muster, and amongst the officers preaent were Colonel Downes, liei_te___i-- Colo_elM*thew3, Major Ctaxton and Captain Ferguson. The weather was not the best that could be de sired for visitors, bnt it was admirably suited for gun practice, the wind across the range being very light, and the sky overcast. The guns fired were the two Gi-pounders and No. 2 10-inch, the latter being in charge of Sergeant Horn, while Sergeant LeLeu and Bombardier Moritz had charge of No. 164-po——cr, and Sergeant Solomon aad Bombadier Taylor of No. 2. The target was of tbe usual character and was placed at a distance of about 1,600 yards from the fort. Four rounds of plugged shell were fired from tha big gun, the first of which carried away the target flag. Very good shooting was also done with tbe other guns, not a single shot going far astray. Tim smaller guns fired eight rounds each of ??""*?*"?" shell and -hrspnel, all of them banting dose to the target Owing to a misunderstanding no regular scores were taken. Before tfae firing commenoed a small boat waa seen at the. schnapper fishing ground, aad although it was not dangerously near, yet it was thought wdl at the fort to warn it away. Accordinrfy \- some flags were waved, but the tellers at tiie end of the Semaphore jetty mistook these for non-firing signals, and came away. Mean while a wot from one of the big guns was fired, and the little boat got away aa fast as it coold, bat no scoring was made daring the afternoon, except by rough judging at the fort. The weeklymeetingof the Port Addaide Division of the Blue Ribbon Army was hdd in tfae Association Hall on Friday, May 4. Owing to the inclemency of the weather the attendance was not as large aa usnaL The vice-president (Mr. S. Brady) occupied tfae chair, and addresses were given by tiie Ber. Jas. Stoycl, Captain Melville, and Mr. Bohn (secretary to the Norwood Division). Mr. —. Hoonslow (seamen's missionary), and Captain Burton alao spoke, and afterwards several persons signed the pledge. At a meeting of the committee of the Boyal Agricultural and Horticnltnral Society, ap pointed to arrange for the representation of this colony at the Calcutta Exhibition, held on Friday, May 4, it was de cided to advise the Government, sub ject to the recommendation of a sub committee, to appoint Mr. H. J. Scott agent for South Anstralian exhibits at the Calcutta Exhibition. Th. **m\ary if. In ha f.-10. inrJn. ."£ all personal expenses, and Mr. Scott is to be allowed to act as agent for Sooth Australian -~-i_hi_-_m nn rnmraiilmi, Mefcrs. Howard Smith £ Sons, Ot Md boume, write informing us that the prize . essay on " The gruwlli of Australian Shipping and Commerce," by the Bev. H. T. Burgess, of Kent Town, will appear in a hand-book wfaich the firm are about to publish. The cause ofthe delay in announcing the name of the write' of thc essay entitled to tfae prize waa tfae fact that aa the papers had to be perused byacommittee of the SydneyChamber of Commerce, the members had to spend aome time in reading through the essays, and coming -to a decision. All the essays recom mended for the prize displayed considerable literary merit. The members of the A__i?,?i_? Spiritualistic Society have taken rooms at which to hold meetings in P_rie-a_ree-. One of the first of these meetings was held on Sunday evening, May 6, at which, in spite of the indemeney of the weather, there was a large attendance. The chief business of the evening was to hear what waa announced aa a trance address to be ddivered by a young lady. The address waa of a somewhat lengthy character, occu pying nearly an hour in tfae delivery. The aims and objects of spiritualism were defined, and an appeal was made for an enquiry into the validity of its claims. At the close of the lecture a number of questions were aaked by various ladies and gentlemen in the audience and replied to. llie antnmn raee meeting of tfae S.A. J.C. commenced on Saturday, llie attendance was not large in consequence of tfae wet weather! aboat two thousand people bdng present. His Excellency tfae Governor was present, and the Symphonia band, nnder the direction of Mb Leydin, was in attendance daring the __t_n_oon. Tbe results of tfae races wen as foOows .—Hurdle Bace, Brigand; Camden Stakes, Tyropean; South Australian Stakes, Dirk Hattera_ck; Novd Handicap Selling Bace, Toonketcfaen; St. Leger Stakes. Guesswork; Flying Handicap, Dirk Hasteouck. The amount that passed through the totaHzator during the day was £5,029. In the Flying Handicap aboy named Osborn was knocked off Lord Wilton and bad his _g broken. He was taken to tiie Adelaide Hospital. Sunday, Hay 6, being the first Sanday in the month. Farmer's Mass in B was ?*-.--.tH at St. Francis Xayier's Cathedral on that day. Mrs. J. C. -Williamson sang Mozart's "Agnus Dei," No. J, most sweetly, and was heard to great advantage. Miss Ida Osborne, also of tfae opera company, rendered Luzzi's "Ave Maria" with great taste and feeling, snd fnrnri thr. finWicrl irtjl r a*i** ** .ara_tf*i.?ps Miss Osborne's vocal efforts, there isgreat promise of a brilliant future for her. She is, we believe, a pupa of Madame Lucy Cham bers, so wdl known in the Mdbourne musical world. In the evening Mrs. Wi—tamsonaang Bosrinfa magnificent " O Salntaris" in a faultless manner at tha benediction, and Miss Osborne gave Giorza's " _re__ii" with excellent effect. Mr. C. E. Momme conducted. There was a crowded congrega tion at each service. "A trip through Maorfland" was tfae sub ject'of an interesting lecture given in Mr. Anderson's schoolroom, Bowden, on Friday evening. May 4. There was a good atten-. dance, and the andienre listened attentively for two hours whilst Mr. Haywood, tiie lecturer, detailed the history of the Maories, and described thdr remaikahle strides towards Christianity and dvflisation, and the position which they now hold amongst tiie settfe*-of New Zealand. The land ques tion, ti? lecturer remarked, win always be a thorn in the side of tfae New Zealand Govern ment new that the natives have been a*—Bc_ntly educated to know the agricul . toral value of the aoO. Speaking of the towns and cfties, the lecturer s_d it was truly wonderful to aee what had been accom plished in New Zealand, and in many parts of the islands one could {really fancy himself in tiie old country again, life in New Zea land bdng ao similar to that in *Rngi—irl —n jnteiwt-ng feature of tbe entertainment wa^Oafamataful views with which the lec ture waa fflnstrated. *_§** ccsrespondent at Gawler writes that JEM ?'?'"ia m aad around that town has qgrientoda very great change for tiie better. Daring -th* past week Oe __*?_______? been ?"M*?l-t sultry and the afchta .gtaagny. does, with a fal- Bnghartmafau ghe looked for tain, how ever, held off, and the farmers began to imagine that it was again going to pais away. On Friday afternoon, however, .the clftuia bad an ominous apnearance and in the evening r aln began to fall. It continued falling more or leas neavfly throughout thc night, and in the morning it was found that I*l2o in. had been registered. The fall was greatly needed, for the grass was beginning to languish and the seed that had been sown was germin ating. In many places in the neighborhood scarifying had to be used for the land instead of ploughing in consequence of the hardness of the ground. Now, however, matters have a cheerful aspect, and farming operations can be carried on, more especially as showers fell at intervals during, Saturday, with the pro mise of more showing on the horizon. Our shipping reporter writes as follows :— "It appears.quite patent that unless some thing in the way of improving the Semaphore approaches can be early accomplished it srill be as well to give up the idea of I—iding pas sengers there. The arrival of the Saghalien affordedastriMnginstanceofhowthepfacehas been neglected. _ The passage from end to end of the pier is well enough over come, but from the pier to tiie railway station the place has been converted by the glorious rain into a perfect quagmire, through which the passengers by the Saghalien had to carry their luggage first to the Customs office for overhaul, and then on to the rail way station. .Landing the mails, which is supposed to be a matter of some importanoe, hag gone back a little, and in the absence of an ancient and venerable truck all atation bands had to turn to and shoulder the bags. If anything was wanting to bring the whole arrangements at the Semaphore into supreme contempt the rainfall contributed it, and it is tobe hoped that some steps will be taken early to remedy the annoyances complained of." An exciting race was rowed between the Legal and Elder Bowing Clubs on Friday afternoon, May 4. The crews were as fol lows .—Elders—E. W. Von Sanden (bow), F. W. Braund (*2), B. H. Robertson (3), E. J. Lamb (stroke), S. E. Biggs (oox.). Legate— G. H. Downer (bow), EL B. Taylor (2), ss. B. Page (3), _. Hall (stroke), P. O'Dea (cox.). At tiie start the Elders obtained a slight lead, a hich they maintained to the Morphett strect bridge, where the Legate gained on tbem, and in their turn led the race up to the City bridge, under which the two crews passed in a dead heat. Here the Legate again got slightly away from their opponents and kept the lead till within fifty yards of the winning post, when the Elders. again came np and won by two feet only. This was the best contested race that has ever been rowed on the Torrens; indeed, it is difficult to imagine that a closer contest could take place anywhere. Mnch interest waa taken in the race, and in spite of the wet weather the banks and bridges were covered with spec (Chia Secretary), the Hon. J. W. Downer (Attorney-General). Sir Thomas Elder, Mr. R. Ban Smith, and a considerable number of ladies. An enquiry waa hdd by the city coroner at the Hjde Park Hotel, on Saturday after noon. May 5, to ascertain the cause of the fire that consumed the cellars and premises of Mr. Comley on Thursday morning, May 3\. It -wOl be remembered that on tiie day in question smoke was observed to he issuing from Mr. Comley"s wine cellar, and before the conflagration could be subdued, the cellaring, containing a large quantity of wine, of which some 3,200 gallons were con sumed, and the upper rooms, casks, kc, ? were completely gutted. George J. Comley eaid the only suggestion he could offer as to tbe origin of the fire was that a firestick which he had left in one of the casks must have ignited spontaneously after he had closed up the cellars. It appeared that the wit-tets had been cleaning ont a3OO-gaHon cask. He sulphured it inside and put a firestick in to make the sulphur in the cask burn. He then closed the cask by striking the bung in, and turned round to speak to one of his men, when he noticed a flame about a foot in length rushing ont of tfae cask. Witness laid a mallet over the bunghole to check the flame. Put the stick into the cask a second time and ham mered the bung down. It was then getting dark, and accordingly he left the cellar and. locked the premises. He supposed that the bung must again have flown out, and so caused the fire. Witness was certain there was no straw or other inflammable material l.ing about. J. Barnes and several other witnesses were examined, bnt they could throw no light on the matter. The coroner carefully summed up the evidence, and the jnry, after a few minutes' consideration, re turned tbe following verdict—"Our opinion concerning the origin of the fire at G. J. Comley's on the morning of Thursday, tbe 3rd. is that it was occasioned by the firestick being left in the dry cask, which smouldered for a time and then communicated the fire from one cask to another, then to the floor of the storeroom, thus destroying the building and its contents." Some of the jurors ex pressed their opinion that Mr. Comley acted with want of caution. Mr. C. B. Lane was foreman of the jury. In a lecture ?delivered recently before tfae Boyal United Service InstitaUon, Mr. _.. Barnaby, C.8., the Admiralty director of naval construction, described (states Iron) what the future battleship of England should be:—" It must be capable of striking very destructive blows where the enemy is forti fied, dther in his ahips on tiie open water, or in hia forts upon the sea ccaat. The machinery for striking these blows must be capable of being kept in position in the face of an enemy in the open sea or off a port, The use of torpedo boats of high speed and in great numbers tends to the gradual extinction of tbe power of attacking or Hock-ding the sea forts of an enemy by means of large ahips, because of their great cost and the risk of fatal blows from the torpedo. The advantage of being able to inflict damage upon the shipping which may be under the protection of land fortifications, or. to dose the port will also be so great that the mode of attack must modify itself to suit the change in conditions. There can be no doubt that gun vessels with numerous long-range shell guns, and -v—*i"g not more than one- fourth of the modern battle-ship, will displace the battle-ship for this service, notwithstanding the disadvan tages of the gmyiini. ships in unsteadiness of platform and inferior seaworthiness.' He urged that the battleship of large size was not only likdy to beoome obsolete for the attack and blockade of forte, bnt also for tbe important service of fct-t**-!!**—**?g tiie com merce of an enemy. This resulted from the great speed and coal endurance of the large ccean steamers. Armed ahips of the same character as these to be captured would pro bably be the favorite weapons for inflicting damage upon commerce. Instead of attempt ing to produce fleets of regular ahips of war as a consequence of the existence of these fast possible war cruisei., we ?honW endeavor to modify them, and incorporate them in our national. defences. Guarding himself against the advocacy of any particular policy, he sketched out, as one of the possible shins of the future, a small and fast "protected/ but cnarmored vessel, to be in association with battle ships. Ihe smallfT shins wonld be of from 2,000 to 3.500 tons, with two 25 or 30 ton guns, one firing ahead, the other astern. These ships would be associated with those recently commenced, which would have, probably, 63-ton guns (breech-leading) or heavier. . At a recent meeting of tfae Civil and Mechanical Engineers' Society a paper, states Iron, waa read far Mr. A. W. Tanner " On the construction of theatres." Tbe great points to bear in mind in planning a theatre were to transfer aH operations possible in the work ing of a theatre to a separate building of fireproof construction throughout^ having f olid division walls between tfae various parts ofthe tuildiDg, convenience of access, an extra exit door to every entrance and con- j tiguous to it; all doors to open outdoors: the exit doorways to be the greatest width of the wbole passage; absence of steps in cor ridors, the use of inclined gradients of one in ten in preference; handrails three inches from walls; no corridor or staircase leas than 4 ft. 6 in. wide; an additional G in. for every 100 persons to be accommodated; increase of width of corridors when other parages met them, by the width of each added passage: protection of structural iron work ; no workshops either above or below tbe auditorium; 3 feet passages at the back of all tiie circles; separate and distinct en trances and exits from .the various part of the home, and a proportionate area of 233 rquare feet for every 100 persons throughout the lobbies, passages, and landings. One Continental country required a provision of two exits for 300 persons and three for 500. There should be strong wooden barriers in sll spacious corridors, breaking up a possible crush, and separating the people into fifties, acd strong divisions in all staircaees G feet ?ide and over. Exposed stone for floors and corridors wsaabad material; it ahonld be sup ported.throughout, and bedded in concrete. Sire bridrs laid in fire cement were the best fare-proof *""——ial for floors and staircases. WJien all had been bunt in accordance with the rules tiie manager's fireman ahould be a real fire brigade servant, not aa ornamental appendage only. In the form of a theatre he waa in favor of the auditorium being in the -shape of an ellipse, with its major axia at right angles to the stage. The convenience ofthe audience would be consulted by thia arrangement, as tfaey wonld all be brought nearer tfae stage, aad aD would more equally getagoodvtew. As to sound, this form wa. excellent. He would have the boxaa as few in number aa possible, and confined to a anaO-nace in the aafitorium. Thepitgoers I—-wo—d aceosn_noda_ in the upper parte of the bouse, and devote the floors to ths stalk, the fint—rde-fM-t- the ssruheingaUgfatly raised above the last row at at.—s, and the circles constructed on cantilevers without columns. Such a house would have a light and agreeable appearance, and would suc cessfully meet the requirement of the present day. The phraseology of the money market oftea includes references to "cheap money," and what this may mean to a young man of ex pectations seeking to raise advances upon them was ducidated the other day (says thc Australasian) by the evidence given at the Melbourne Insolvent Court in the insolvency case of Mr. W. E. Petty. This young gentleman, it seems, had money left him amounting to between £10.000 and £12,000. which he is not to receive till he is 25 years of age. Wanting more money in the meantime than the income yielded him by the property, be resorted to money-lenders, and rapidly acquired experience of the obliging benevo lence of gentlemen of this class. Find ing the charges on the advances made to bim very heavy, he took advice as to where be could get money at a cheaper rate, and somo good-natured friend recom mended him to Sir. Aaron Waxman, J.P., as one who "did business so much cheaper than other people." How cheaply Mr. Wax man did his business was explained by the evidence of tbat financier. The borrower was to assign his interest under the will as se curity, and, as this security would cease if he should die bdore 25, he was called upon to insure his life on policies amounting to £1,700. All this made up a good solid security for the moneylender. On the strength of this, £1,000 was to be advanced to the borrower, interest to be payable at the rate of 25 per cent., with quarterly "rests"—that is to say, if the interest was not paid quarterly compound interest was charged on the quarter's instal ment. The borrower's means of paying this interest were to be derived from an income of about £1,000 a year, from which he had to live and pay interest that could not be less than bis gross income. All these facts were carefully ascertained by the moneylender, who also bound down tiie borrower not to pay off the advance till his money became due under tiie wilL Mr. Waxman was not anxious to ab breviate the time during which he would be drawing £1,000 annually for an advance of £4,000, or, rather, during wfaich the interest would be accumulating at compound interest to make up a sum of about £9,500. This, then, was what" cheap money" came to in the trauqpctio?s between this impatient young gentleman and Mr. Waxman, J.P. What ad been the borrower's previous experiences of dear money we may infer from the terms to which he consented to relieve himself of his former obligations. And now the papers, un mindful of Mr. Waxman _ splendid philan thropy in spending his life aud means in coming to tbe relief of persons in distress with good securities to oner, are so hard hearted as to declare that the sight of Mr. Waxman on the bench punishing-offenders in cases of petty theft or fraud is not conducive to a high popular estimate of the purity of justice. "True ghost stories'' are thus told by the London correspondent of tfae Lioerjtool Mercury t—" The two ghost stories told by our most eminent anatomist are as romantic in their way as any told by the Psychological Society. When hardly more than a lad at Lancaster, the. future defender of vivisection was studying for the medical profession, he bad a horror of the ghastly debute of the business, wbich he imagined he tonld never overcome. He was cured, strange to say, by a fright, Having to take some medicine on a windy night to lan caster Castle, he had to pass throogh the room in which he had taken part in dissections. Just as he entered the room with the basket of medi cine under his arm, the clouds which hid the moon suddenly parted, a door slammed, and looking up, the future biologist saw a hat he thought was an enormous figure in white, with arms outstretched, looking own upon him. He turned around trembling, and against tb* wall opposite stood another figure in white. He dropped his basket and ran. The patients in Lancaster Castle got no medicine that night. But wfaenhe returned next dayand found that he hadbeen- Tightened by mortuary sheets, he braced his nerves up so that he was aoon collecting skulls. He made a fine set, bnt fer a long time he could not get an Ethiopian skulk At last a negro died in r_.w_-aj_ff.i- Castle, and the young doctor got permission to have hia head. It was again a windy night whea the operation of removing tte bead was determined upon. But habited in bis long cloak, tfaen the fashion, and pro vided with a bine bag, the comparative anatomist scon had the head safely stowed away. Aa he left the room in which the coffin lay, however, the wind slammed the door, caught his cloak, and nearly threw faim npon fais face. Attemptingto recover himself, he lost his hold of tfae bag, the head fell out, rolled with increasing velocity down a flight of steps, across a courtyard, and settled itself npon the neck, with one eye open and the other shut, in a rocm where two women shrieked. The professor rushed wildly after it, took no notice of the women, seized the skull, put it in his bag again, and ran from the Castle. Four or five years aftcrarsrds he was attending a dying woman, who called loudly for a clergyman, to whom ehe had something to telL The doctor begged her to teU bum, as rm clergyman was near enough to be called in time. At length she spoke. 'Oh, sir, I had a husband, who was a negro, and, I foar,_ bad man. He died, sir, in Lan caster Castle; and, oh! sir, I was standing one day in the rooms when my husband, head came out of the fioor, and seemed to askmeto help him. And then, sir, theQevil came through tfae door, snatched up the head, put it in a bag, and disappeared before I could do anything. And I nave never done anything. Oh, sir, what can I do for my poor fausbanevs soul ':'*' " Patience" drew another good house at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday evening, and the opera will enter on its third week pn the local boards this evening. The panorama of the Zulu War was exhi bited on Saturday afternoon and evening to good houses. The entertainment on each occasion was thoroughly enjoyed by the large audiences present. Mrs. Thompson of Yatala, was .the recipient of the suite of furniture presented in the evening. The panorama will be shown at Port Addaide on Tuesday evening. There is now on exhibition at Mr. Basford's store, in Carrington-street, a baby aged one week, whose weight is only 2 J lbs. It is a male child, a son of Mrs. Basford, and was born prematurely. Dr. Elliott, wfao attended at tfae birth, gave no hope that it would live, but the nurse, a Mrs. Malonc, has kept it alive by artificial means, and now great hopes are entertained that it will survive. The child is perfectly formed, appears to be healthy, and judging from its cries, evi dently possesses a strong pair of lungs. Wben we inspected the phenomenon it was encased in about eight yards of wadding, and on being unbound strongly reminded one of the nursery story of Tom Thumb. An cntertaiim.it was given in the Becha bite Hall on Friday evening. May 4, in aid of tfae Bed, White and Blue Cricket Club. There was a small audience, owing to the indemeney of the weather. The programme consisted of glees, songs, redtations, and piano solos ; also a scene by members of Ifae dub, entitled "Mr. Bob Sawyer's Party." Miss Harm&n; presided ably at the pianoforte. Mr. Duggan inhis recitation andsong was encored, Mrs. Barman uid company. assisted the entertainment materially by their chorus singing. The recitation fay Bliss Lean, "Hia Boad to Heaven," was very ably given; and Master W. Barfly's recitation, "The Crew of tbe Nancy Bell,'' was well rendered. The entertainment closed with the humorous sketch " Bob Sawyer's Party,'' tfae cast being filled by Measra. Pearson, Boase (2), Hay ward, Vine, Marchant, Lean, Barnett, and Loader. A meeting of the Boyal Standard Football Clnb, Alberton, is to be held this evening. A meeting of the Masons' and Bricklayers' Asso ciation is to be hdd at the Club House Hotel this evening. Ihe settling of St. Leger day transactions, in connection with the S.A. Xattersall's Club, will take place this evening. A special meeting of the Adelaide and Suburban Football Association fs to be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. A meeting of persons wishing to join the Pro testant Alliance is to be held in the Association Ball, Dale-street, Port Adelaide, this evening. A musical and dramatic entertainment will be given by the Adelaide Amateur Dramatic Club, in aid of tbe Glenelg Institute, in that building this evening By an error tbe debt on the Church of St. B_de at the Semaphore was printed in a pirag.aph in i-'atn. day's Advertiser as i_l,oCo The debt is prac tically i.IOO. Mr. P. Wbelan, the late secretaiy of the Ir-.ii Kstion_l Land Leec—, will be entertained by membeis of that body at the Supreme Court Hotel this evening. A lecture on the question of "Irish I-iscontenl. its <'au-e and Beinerty." is to lie delivered by Hr. James dements, in tbe Hotel l_ui_]ie Assembly room this evening. Mr. Howard Haywood will deliver a lectnre on "Maori-_uul*'in connection witb the College Part Young Men's Society in the College Park School room tbis evening. A dramatic perfoncence entitled " Won at Last" will be siren in aid of the restoration fond of St. Clement's Church, Enfield, in the Academy of Mnslc, this evening, under tbe patronage of His Excellency the Governor. 