Old Country Notes. [FROM OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.] Good Friday, 1883. LADY FLORENCE DIXIE, I think, is entitled to monopolise my first paragraph to- day. Whether, however, to invite you to offer her the tribute of your admiration or pity I cannot for the life of mo determine. I wonder how the wires represented to you the alleged outrage at Windsor? Often, when something sensational occurs here, I speculate as to the version that the electric telegraph will flash to my Australian friends. You get a first impres sion. I suspect, and the proverb truly enough says that first impressions are lasting. On Monday, therefore, you may have been horrified at the account of an attack upon Lady Florence Dixie by two big men dressed in women's clothes. We had the news in London on Sunday, and on Monday the papers were as full aa they could make themselves of the story. The Queen had sent condolence, the Prince of Wales had written sympathy, there had been callers by hundreds, and, most important of all, the Morning Post related how John Brown, the Queen's footman, had walked over the scene of the attack, had pronounced it very good, and had offered to have Lady Florence Pixie's dog photographed, "at my own expense, if nobody else _ pay for it,' But when on Monday afternoon a question was asked about the matter in the House, and again on Tuesday, there were roars of laughter. Poor Lady Florence Dixie 1 There are actually very large numbers of her fellow countrymen ana women who do not believe a word of her story. The police authorities do not. The Home Offioe declines to offer a reward, much to Lady Florence's disgust. Half the news papers say that she was under a delusion. Some hint that she invented the story; others content themselves by pointing out that the cuts in the dress, and the appearance of the ground after the struggle, do not in any way corroborate the narrative. Some pretend to pity Lady Florence, expressing sarcastic sur prise that an adventurous woman, whose books represent her as so brave, should faint and lose her head in an emergency.' I assume that you know the details of the story. What I wish to add is that it is very little believed in, and that the daily statements made by Lady Florence to her interviewers show that she has an overweening opinion of her impor tance in Irish affairs. The reason for this un gallant treatment of a lady is threefold—the story is unlikely and uncorroborated; she is a Queensbury; and wildness of word and deed is not an uncommon peculiarity of hers. The sensation had a very fair chance of a good run, coming as it did so soon after the attempted blowing up of a Government build ing. Of this, up to the present time, we know absolutely nothing but the bare facts of the occurrence. The police have no clue, and will probably, aa in other affairs of the kind, wait for one until some informer "rounds" upon his friends. But for the simultaneous attempt to blowup the Z?tn««office, as to which the dynamite mixture found in the canister warrants an un questioned belief, it would be open to us to suppose that the explosion in Charles-street might be accounted for in other ways. Nothing, of course, under the circumstances will prevent the wide-spread belief that the wicked attempt was the work of Fenians, or Land Leaguers. The flight of Egan, Byrne, and the rest to America, and the speeches they and Rossa have made there in response to interviewers, favour the supposition. The general result is that 600 additional police have been engaged, double watches placed everywhere, universal alarm, and a sort of " Down-with-the-Irish" feeling amongst Englishmen. A Liverpool employer writes to the Press to say he will dis charge every Irishman in hia service; and, I am sorry to say, there are some newspapers that applaud this intention, and hint at re prisals if there are any more acts of violence. The fact is we are, in our present mood, ready to assume anything against Ireland and the Irish. We want no prompting to jump at con clusions. Just as the ex parte confessions of Carey were at once accepted as proven truth, bo the explosion in Parliament-street, and the alleged attack on Lady Florence Dixie, are in some quarters accepted out of hand as the deeds of Irishmen. Of course the feeling is a natural one, and they have only themselves to blame. But if the feeling be encouraged, and an anti-Irish spirit be fostered amongst the ignorant and prejudiced of this country, we have much misery before us. In the mean time we are not exactly happy. Written threats have been forwarded anonymously to the effect that Parliament is to be blown up, and that public buildings and ships are to be wrecked as a warning to the country at large. This is not pleasant. I have to attend the enthronement of the Archbishop of Canterbury next Thursday, and I know that letters have been received warning all and sundry that Canterbury Cathedral has to be blown up on that day. For all this confusion and panic there ia but one thing, and that ia patience. The enthronement of an Archbishop is not— to advert to other subjects—a particularly imposing ceremony, though it is highly in teresting and important. Until the time of Archbishop Sumner the enthronement was done by proxy. A canon or a dean took the primate's place. The ceremony really consists of two formal inductions, i irst, the Arch bishop is inducted as Bishop of the diocese, and then as Primate, Tho latter involves the setting up of tho famous marble chair, in which it is said the Saxon kings of Kent used to bo crowned. At the most sceptical computation this chair cannot be of more recent date than the thirteenth century. It takes to pieces and ia only used for these enthronements. The Archbishop sits in it while the Archdeacon, who is the acting manager, as it were, of the affair, inducts, instals, and enthrones him in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Otherwise the ceremony is confined to a huge proces sion of clergy in surplice and hood, and to ordinary morning sorvice. It is a great day of course in Canterbury, and the mayor and cor poration take part in the proceedings. There are generally ono or two representatives in the procession of a French Protestant Church. This arises from a curious custom. Queen Elizabeth received certain French and Flemish refugees with kindness, and gave them the privilege of worshipping in the crypt of Canter bury Cathedral The descendants of the exiles enjoy the privilege to this day, and their re presentatives naturally take a place in this enthronisation procession. Compared with ceremonies in the Roman and Greek Churches —with their banners, canopies, incense, and gorgeous vestments —our very highest cathedral spectacles are severely simple, as they are in tended to be. The popularity of tne Most Reverend Father in God, Edward White Ben son, D.D., will ensure a large attendance of both bishops, clergy, and laymen next week. The death of Sir George Jessel, Master of the Rolls, on Tuesday morning, has been fol lowed by elaborate obituaries in the papers, and from them tho ordinary public probably learn for the first time how great a lawyer ho was. In the legal profession he has for many J rears been recognised as one of the most earned, perhaps the most learned and clear headed, of our Judges. Yet even bar risters were unaware of tho depth of his knowledge and the brilliancy of his intel lect until he went upon the oench. When, however, he succeeded Lord Romilly in tbe uncomfortable dingy court in Chancery-lane, and when, later, be became president of the Court of Appeal, the fact forced itself upon bench and oar alike. A curious proof of his popularity for dispatch amongst solicitors was the immense increase of business in his court after he had sat there a few months. He was not quite 60 years of age. He was the first Jew, as Mr. Justice Shea was the first Catholic, who sat upon the English bench. Barristers did not care much about appearing before Sir George Jessel, for he had a somewhat brusque way of putting them down, and dealing with long-winded speeches. Anything in the shape of gush he abhorred. But he rattled through his cases at grand speed, seldom bothered with written judgments, and was generally upheld in his decisions. I remember once sitting through a patent case that lasted five days. The complication of facts and the labyrinth of legal points made everybody's head ache, I believe. The last argument was finished about 2 o'clock on the fifth day, and we were busily packing up our papers, expecting of course that the court would take at least a week to prepare judgment. Sir George Jessel, how ever, at once, with scarcely a sheet of notes to aid him, commenced his decision, and in the course of two hours made the case clear to the meanest comprehension. It was a masterly reduction of order out of chaos. Yet he was not a success as a member of Parlia ment, or as Solicitor-General. He was not absurd as a politician, however, as Sir John Holker was. But he was heavy and fearfully legal in his House of Commons speeches. Sir George was one of those well educated men (he took high mathematical honours at London University) who could never circumvent the letter "h." He sometimes omitted the letter altogether in speaking, saying 'onse for house, or else he aspirated so forcibly that you fancied another effort would have heaved his heart out. On the day of his death all tbe Judges spoke of him in terms of extraordinary eulogy. Mr. Justice Chitty, for instance, referred to him as one of the most illustrious Judges that ever sat on the English bench. The return of the Hon. Allan Egerton for Mid-Cheshire does not alter the position of parties in the House. The seat was stoutly fought, however, by a Liberal, but it has been long a stronghold of the Egerton of Tatton family. The Liberal local papers took their fun out of Mr. Egerton, as the Yorkshiremen did last year out of Mr. Dawnay—simply printed his speeches verbatim. Nothing more was necessary to show up the intellectual in competence of the candidate. But he got the votes. The farmers knew that he was their landlord's son, that he was a True Blue, and would vote straight. Perhaps all they cared to know was that he was the new lord's nominee. Anyhow, they ran him in. Mr. Wilbraham Egerton, who has succeeded to the peerage, was a very good member of Parliament, and one of the type of Conservatives for whom Lord Beaconsfield had an immense respect. All the Egertons arc model landlords. We have probably—at least for some time— heard the last of the Messrs. Chamberlain and their grievance against the Reform Club. The case came before the Judges on appeal, and the Judges have put a dead stopper on the case. Mr. Justice Field had overruled the demurrer of the defendant, Mr. Lennox Boyd, and he now appealed against Justice Field's judgment. The defendant had stated in the Reform Club that the conduct of the brothers Chamberlain "was so bad at a club in Melbourne that a round robin was signed urging the committee to expel them." Adelaide was afterwards sub stituted for Melbourne. The blackballing of Mr. Chamberlain's brothers created much feel ing in the Reform Club, and everybody was anxious to hear the libel case out. -"Amusement was anticipated, and perhaps spicy revelations. In the Appeal Court the other day we had none of the facts as to the plaintiff's ''con duct," but the Judgeß unanimously upheld Mr. Jiißticc Field'B judgment, and bo put an end to the long-talkcd-ot action " Chamberlain v. Boyd." The Oxford and Cambridge boat-race at* tracted fewer spectators than has been the case for many years. It is true the east wind was on its most villainous behaviour, and the snow was cruel. But, on the othor hand, the race was rowedin the afternoon, and notat early morn* ing as heretofore. The public, nevertheless, did not take the trouble to go out and see it. There were plenty of betting men and book makers about, but the family parties, and respectable people in carriages and boats that used to make up so fine a sight, were not to be aeen. The fact must at last be faced, that this boat-race is taking its place upon the shady side of sport, and the unexpected chauge in the betting a few days before the race, coupled with the unexpected result, has revived in many quarters the advice to row the race on one of the Welsh laken, or at Henley. Of course there is not an atom of suspicion to be S emitted with regard to either of the orewß. ut some very unpleasant tilings have been said by the irate losers of money. The race was a poor one apart from betting. This decrease of interest is but the natural consequonce of formor extravagance in the opposite direction. The prominence given to tne movements of these young men for a fortnight before the race in the Press, and tho muscular Christianity craze which was at its aenith about twelve years ago, have slowly disgusted people, and the crews have ceased to be heroes. Poor Ash ton Dilke will live pleasantly in the memories of all who knew him. There is some thing very touching in the young man of three and-thirty years of age going with his wife and family to Algiers, conscious that he went there to die; and very pathetic was one of his latest letters in which, in a grand spirit of resignation, he said that the length of a man's life was not to be measured by years, and that he had been very happy in such a space as was vouchsafed to him. But young Dilko was strong as a philosopher, and the time all too swiftly came when nis philosophy was to be put to the trying test of the dark valley. It iB not possible to foretell what ho might have become, because at an age when most men are showing what they are really made of tho seeds of con sumption were beginning to bear fruit. He was an excellent linguist, and known in most foreign cities. Some years ago in visiting Russia, I took a number of letters of intro duction. Two were from Ashton Dilke to Russian politicians, and I well remember that if those letters had been written by the Czar himself they would not have brought me more attention and respect. / The Easter recess marks the first stage of the session. Mr. Gladstone has declined the invitation of Mr. Parnell to re-open the sub ject of the Land Act, and tho House of Com mons has rejected Mr. Parnoll's Land Law Bill by 230 to sixty-three votes. Mr. Forster has advocated a policy in the Transvaal which would mean another South African war, and the Prime Minister has had the novel oppor tunity of twitting a Quaker with a desire to plunge the country into war. The conduct of the Boers towards the native races is, of course, a handle which the Jingoes do not fail to use, and tho general opinion is that mischief in South Africa must re-appear before long. However, at present Mr. Gladstone's attitude is a firm ono of resistance to the cry for inter vention. Mr. Chamberlain has curried the second reading of tho Bankruptcy Bill. If the bill becomes law, thero will bo a new Go vernment functionary called the "official re ceiver," who will examine closely into the affairs of every bankrupt, and conduct tho in quiry before the court. Mr. Gorst has been defying Sir Stafford Northcotc as leader of the Opposition, and introducing a motion k \gainst his will. Tho leaders of the Opposition P accordingly have gone against hira. It is asserted that a number of the Conser vative members have banded themselves together to meet the Government business after Easter by steady and orderly obstruction, with the object of preventing legislation. In this way it is hoped to damage the Government in the estimation of the country. The plan has leaked out however, and it. is further stated that Sir Stafford Northcotc, Mr. W. H. Smith, and Sir R. Cross have strongly pro nounced against the proposal of the Opposition colts. Of course if a score of members resolve to obstruct they can do so without bringing themselves under the new procedure rules, and an additional temptation is tho hope of show ing that the cloture may be successfully set at nought. Mr. Bright is at Glasgow, where yes terday he was installed as Lord Rector. At the same time Mr. Henry Dunckloy, writer of a series of political papers by " Verax," was made an LL.D. It is a splendid day for the holiday, as many unregenerate people will, spite of Church teach ing, consider Good Friday. The east wind cuts like a razor, but the sun is bright. About 15,000 Volunteers aro on the march to-day towards Brighton, where the Easter Monday review is to be held. Mr. Browning has published another volume of poems, and calls them "Jocosoria." It is Browning all ovor—part good, part indifferent, part mystic affectation and bombastic sham. 