THE MERCURY. THURSDAY MORNING, JUNE 14, 1883. That the centres of population should in their exterior aspect, and in the internal comfort of their buildings make progress corresponding with the prosperity of the Colony is fit and proper, and therefore we are inclined to bid communities God-speed who knock at the Treasury door for money to aid in the construction of local works, and in making improvements tending to the comfort and health of the people, mental and corporeal. As a rule, such applications are made on their own merits. The applicants state what they require and the claims on which they approach the Government, and a decision is arrived at without exciting angry jealousies or invidious comparisons with other places-not that a community are likely to lose sight of the fact of another similarly situated having received a boon of which they stand in need. They take courage from the success of their neighbours, and make known their wants on the score of necessity, without attempting to make out that their neighbours have been unjustly favoured. In this way they avoid opposition and secure sympathy, and Government may as well make up their minds to the fact that the time has arrived when subsidies to towns and other centres of population have become an imperative necessity and duty. It is not enough to increase the comfort with which the occupants of a place can travel to and from their home. That home itself must be made comfortable, and its surroundings conducive to health of body and vigour of mind; requirements that are not lost sight of by the Town Council of Launceston, that is not likely to want anything from an over modesty in asking on the part of certain Members. At the last meeting Mr. Alderman Douglas submitted a notice of motion which ought to have commended itself to the goodness of the Council and inhabitants, and which would no doubt have been favourably entertained by Government and Parliament. But the reasonable proposals of Mr. Alderman Douglas did not meet the views of a portion of the Town Council that seem prepared to stand on their rights, and to insist, not on what they need, but on what they hold they have a right to similar concessions having been voted to Hobart We had really hoped that this local jealousy of the North against the South had worn itself out. It has nothing to feed on, and no purpose to attain. The interests are identical, and the progress of the one must stimu- late that of the other ; a truth that does not seem to have dawned on the mind of Alderman Farrelly, who, in moving an amendment at the council meeting on Monday last, deprecated any feeling of jealousy, in language that showed that his amendment found a motive in the action which he affected to deprecate. Alderman Farrelly " did not wish to make a North or South question of this, but the town of Launceston ought to get a fair share, that fair share towards parks and streets being to be regulated in his mind by the contributions made to Hobart by Government. In deprecating anything that would excite a spirit of North against South, Alderman Farrelly was in- felicitous enough to remark that " the police force in Hobart is more largely subsidised than in Launceston ;" a fact that, on the publication of the return of grants in aid to police, we observed with considerable surprise. The State payment for police in Hobart is out of all proportion to that received in Launceston. But recent disclosures in connection with the police in Launceston lead to the conclusion, not that Hobart has asked and obtained too much police aid, but that Launceston has been content with too little, the consequence being a state of inefficiency and moral disease on the part of the Launceston police that is incompatible with the due protection of life and property in Launceston. If Hobart is more largely supplied with the means of police protection, it more effectually discharges the duty. In his reference to the parks and streets, Mr. Farrbixy's invidious comparison was equally unfortunate. Till last year Hobart had to construct and maintain its own streets, Then it got a subsidy of £6,000' Launceston was not forgotten. It received £4,000. Parks in Hobart we have none, except the Domain be reckoned as such, and the manner in which it is kept has been a disgrace to Government. Whatever recent improvement has been made is the result of private enterprise; Government, instead of assisting, having for years received a rental for the right of pasturage that belonged to the citizens. True, the Queen's Domain and Franklin-square have cost the Government a small annual subsidy, but not to an extent equal to the requirements of the capital, which, it must not be forgotten," Hobart (?.- Nay, we go further, and Lynnette. Hishon extents. should be meted out to Launceston or any town of less size. The citizens of Hobart' act in no dog-in-the-manger spirit. While claiming the rights and status of' of $, capital, they cheerfully cede to Launceston the right to such aid as will beautify its appearance, increase its attractions, and aid in establishing that means of mental culture which no town should be without. Alderman Douglas proposed that Parliament should be asked to enable the TownCounoilto borrow a sum of £12,000, for adding to and altering the Town Hall of Launceston. Parliament might safely do this, and guarantee the interest so as to allow the money to be borrowed at a cheaper rate. He also proposed asking yearly subsidy of £500 for the support of a library, museum, and school of mines. To the appropriation of such an annual sum there can really be little objection on general grounds ; certainly from members of the council as little might objection have been expected, as from south, east, or west. AldermanFARRELLYScoutedthe moderate demands of the late mayor, and went out of hiswaytosubmit increased demands in language that approached very nearly to being offensive, and that displayed considerable ignorance of the subject he was dealing with Mr. Farrelly complained that Launceston does not get £100 a year for public gardens, but he might have added that kit receives £200 for reserves, against £500 allotted for the Domain and Franklin-square, Hobart. Having told what Hobart did not get, he proceeded to state what the council should ask £250 for a School of Mines, £250 for a Museum, £250 for parks, £250 for a Public Library, and £1,000 for streets. The last-named sam is inadequate for the requirements, and if Launceston is to have a subsidy for streets it will not be content with £1,000. Towards the other objects the appropria- tions of last year included £200 for the improvement of reserves ; £103 7s. 10d. in aid of the Public Library, Launceston ; £103 7s. 10d. in aid of the library of the Mechanics' Institute, Launceston ; £100 for procuring cases for a School of Mines at Launceston, the council of which will also receive its portion of £700 voted in aid of public Libraries through the Colony. That Launceston should receive a vote for the maintenance of a Museum all will admit, when it does at Hobart did erect the building. It has its vote for parks, and that for library par poses is not under what is voted to Hobart, where the Municipal Council chiefly supplies the means. Votes of money for a School of Mines require consideration. If it had been as desirable as the Colony is now asked to believe, Launceston would have enjoyed such an institution for the Act 45 Vic., No. 39,1881, appropriates a sum of £500 for a contribution to the Mechanics' Institute, Launceston, in aid of a Museum building and School of Mines, provided a like sum be raised by private subscription. That sum of £500 has not been demanded from Government, the like sum not having been raised locally, nor has the subsequent vote of £100. The expediency of establishing a School of Mines is not so settled a point as it was deemed. The institutions at Ballarat and Sandhurst have fallen in public estimation. But even were such an institution indispensable, Launceston is not necessarily the proper site. Launceston is not a mining town, as are Sandhurst and Ballarat, in each of which mining is carried on within the city boundaries. Launceston offers no prospect of its being the home of a mining population. It is but the nearest large town to several mining localities, and, while convenient for commercial purposes, not necessarily the most appropriate place for the practical instruction of miners or the convenient carrying out of mining experiments. Its other claims to Government aid are strong, but Launceston has to demonstrate the necessity of a School of mines, and that, if an indispensable adjunct to mining, Launceston is the most appropriate site. The sixth advance sheet of the Agricultural and Live Stock Returns has just been issued from the General Register Office, and it fully confirms what we said a short time ago as to the causes of the decrease in sheep and' cattle, shown by the returns for last year. The Government Statistician assigns two causes for the falling-off. One Smiths decline in the imports from Victoria, which caused an increased consumption of local stock; and the other the snowfall in June last, which caused great destruction of lamb's in several places. Mr. Grueber, of Fingal, who is said to be an excellent authority, gives his opinion on the subject, as follows :-" The total decrease arises thus The high price of meat, and the numerous local markets that have to be supplied, have caused increased production of meat in the place of lambs." This means, we suppose, that sheep breeders have sacrificed a future to an immediate gain of which they have, perhaps, repented already. However it is quite clear that several causes have been in operation during the last year, which led to a decreased production of sheep, and we can only hope that our wool-growers will do their best this year to retrieve the falling-off, and so place this Colony in the position which it ought to occupy as one of the wool- producing countries of the world. As to the decrease j in the live-stock imported and slaughtered, there can be no question. The returns show that in 1881, the sheep and lambs imported at Hobart, amounted to 7,50), and the horned cattle and calves to 1,953. The number imported at Launceston was as follows Sheep and lambs, 3,957 ; horned cattle and calves nil. The live stock slaughtered in 1881 at Hobart, were as follows: Sheep and lambs, 54,733; horned cattle and calves, 5,604;pigs, 4,446. For Launceston the numbers are Sheep and lambs, 32,740 ; horned cattle and calves, 3,527 ; pigs, 608. These figures, as compared with those for 1882, show a decrease of 6,663 in the number of sheep and lambs imported, and 1,026 in the number of horned cattle and calves. in the number slaughtered for the year 1882 we have, on the other hand, a considerable increase, thus showing that these two causes at least operated to produce a decline in the quantity of live stock in the Colony. The increase in the number of sheep and lambs slaughtered in 1882 was 2,417 ; horned cattle and calves, 479 and pigs, 422. The total effect of the two causes to which we have referred is, therefore, a decrease of 9,080 in the number of sheep and lambs, and of 1,505 in the number of cattle and calves. The total decrease in the number of sheep and lambs in the Colony as compared with 1881 ifl set down at 16,528, so that 7,448 is the actual decrease which is not explained by reference to the statistics of slaughtering and import returns. We must, therefore, refer to the third cause which we have enumerated, namely, the bad weather during the lambing season in June last, by which a large number of deaths were caused, the total being, apparently, at least something over 7,000 and, in all probability, a great many more. The return which has now been issued gives the number of sheep ,,"U m J Mr h-i .?.'-. .. on the islands in Bass's Straits, which had -not been sent for when fte^Wq«£c£a'w*» published. It appears that there are now. 14,804 sheep on those Ulaads,_agaîn»t:H,378 in 1881, or an increase of 120. We notice, too, that the number of sheepowners who washed their sheep in warm water, after the plan followed with the famous^Ercildouu wool, has decreased, for there were only 12 who followed this plan in 1882, whereas there were 47 in 1881. The number of sheep owners who sheared their sheep in grease was 1,088 in 1881, and 1,250 in 1882, or an increase of 162. We referred the other day to the irregular attendance of justices of the place to their duties, pointing out that the work which ought to be distributed over a large number was thrown on a few through the neglect of those who are equally bound to act. But there is another matter of which we have heard a great deal, of late in connection with the doings of honorary magistrates, and that is, the free and easy way in which they sometimes take upon themselves to set aside the law, or place an interpretation upon it which is utterly opposed to the opinion of the law officers. We do not care at the present time to particularise the individual cases which have comeunderour notice of late, though they have been rather many, as we trust that a brief exposition of the duties of a magistrate will suffice to prevent the re- occurrence of such proceedings. We are willing to assume that in at least some of the cases the erring justices meant well. They may have got into their heads an idea that they were not bound to enforce the law when it did not square with what they thought to be right, and thus were led to do things whose evil results and injustice they were unable to perceive. In some cases, however, even this excuse cannot be pleaded. We have heard of instances in which the law has been seasiders favour some who had friends in court, in what we must call a very flagrant manner, and we may as well say, once for all, that all such proceedings will in future be gibbeted, alike for the benefit of the public, and as a warning to those who may be parties to them. It may seem hardly credible to those unacquainted with the doings of some of our justices, but cases can be cited in which the opinion of the law officers, even after they had been consulted, has been deliberately set aside by a majority of the Bench, as though the duty of the magistrates was, not to administer, but to make the law. Crediting these magistrates with good intentions, we must wonder at their want of knowledge, seeing the positions which they occupy, and the many opportunities they have of learning what their duties are. They do not seem to understand that nobody can be safe if magistrates take upon themselves to even strain the law, to say nothing of deliberately setting it aside, for what one may think to be right to-day another may pronounce to be wrong to- morrow, and thus all will become confused and uncertain, and no man will know what he can and what he cannot do. From what we have learned, the Attorney- General has been somewhat too lax in regard to such matters, and has allowed things to pass unnoticed which it was his duty to deal with at once, and in a way which would show that they must not be repeated. When magistrates openly set aside the opinions of the law officers, which opinions they have expressly asked for to guide them in a case about which they had doubts, it seems to be necessary for the Attorney-General to take some action to secure to the public the benefit of the law, and especially when complaints are made to him by justices who know what their duty is, and are prepared to do it. Cable Messages. Our European messages give favourable news of the London wool sales, which are now drawing to a close, the present series ending on the 23rd inst, and the next commencing on August 21. The prospects of the hop crop in England are also favourably reported on. Offensive warfare against the prophet of Soudan is to be renewed shortly. Colonel Hicks, the commander of the Egyptian troops, having received the necessary reinforcements. News has been received that the American expedition despatched to a station in the Caroline Islands, to the north of New Guinea, had a splendidly successful observation of the solar eclipse, which occurred on the 6th ult. The Queensland Government have ordered from England gun and torpedo boats for her defences. A movement has been set afoot in the House of Commons by" Conservative members for giving State aid to Irish tenant farmers who may desire to purchase the freeholds of the holdings they now occupy. The-mail steamer Shannon, from Melbourne April 24th, arrived at Plymouth on the evening of the 10th inst. -Hon. J. S. Dodds.-It is with regret we announce that '-the Hon. J. S. Dodds, the Treasurer, has been so indisposed as to be unable to attend to his official duties for the last few days. On Tuesday he was confined to bed, and yesterday was incapable of signing documents. Country Correspondents. We have again occasion to repeat the oft-reiterated reminder to country correspondents that they should write their communications on one side of the paper only. The commodity is cheap, and the rate of postage not insup Sortably excessive. If our very economically disposed friends could only hear at times the " printers' blessings" showered upon them and their copy they would need no further reminder. Vandalism at the Post Office -On Tuesday evening the ink bottle placed in the stamp office at the General Post Office for the convenience of the public was removed from the stand, taken to the aperture of the ship letter-box,! and most of the contents poured therein, doing considerable damage to a number of letters. Not long since the Beales in the stamp office were wantonly smashed, and it is time, therefore, that a policeman should be placed on duty at the post office, or other means taken to prevent such gross acts of vandalism. We are quite sure the secretary would pay a handsome reward to any person giving information as to the perpetrator of such wanton mischief. Calf vaccination. When forwarding lymph to Dr. Benjafield, the superintendent of vaccination, Bombay, Times :-" I have by this mail sent you 12 charged tubes of very good lymph. ... I was intending to write to you, asking for information about the vaccination you were carrying out in your part of the world. I am so very glad to see that you have been able to make animal vaccination a State institution that is what it deserves to be. I only hope that the authorities make a proper return to you for your invaluable services. Animal vaccination is making progress in India all over the country, though slowly, yet surely and steadily. It certainly deserved better at the hands of the authorities. To Bombay it has been a boon, and but for it the carriage of infants at the time of the small-pox epidemic would have been fearful. Our epidemic has now almost disappeared, and I sincerely hope that it will not return, at least with the malignancy it showed this time." Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. It is satisfactory to note that the various colonial societies organised for this purpose work well together, and by the exchange of reports, communications, andotherdocumenta aid each other in effective action. Mr. Inspector Duggan showed us yesterday some reports, balance-sheets, handbills, notifica- tions and certificate cards, received from the Christchurch (New Zealand) society, some of which might be well adopted here. He states that the Hobart- society expect within a comparatively short time to receive from home a thousand badges of membership for distribution. These badges were specially designed by her Majesty the Queen, and are to be generally used, by all the Score ties for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals throughout the British Empire. New Publication We have received No. 1, Vol. 1, of the Sydney Trade Journal, a publication apparently mainly intended for the dissemination of commercial advertisements in special form. It contains in addition some carefully compiled market news and quotations, and a good selection of miscellaneous matter. Tea Me.ri.no. A ten and public meeting; in connection with the Melville-street Band of Hope will be held in the Mechanics' Hall this evening, at 7 p.m. Mission Work The Rev. G. O. Newport of the London Missionary Society, speaks to-night at the New Town Coagro gational Church, at half-past 7. I 1 .. at the ' K ' usual ' hale reveal wish The Theatre. Clark and man's Come, pony-again.-drew a good audience. at the theatre last night, when the opening; programme was performed in' a very complete and amusing fashion. The vocal and instrumental contributions by the musical members of the company were well rendered, and were agreeably relieved by the humorous by-play of the other performers. The audience were kept in a simmer of amusement from beginning to end, and occasionally the extravagant fun elicited screams of laughter from all parts of the house. To-night's programme will present an entire chance. It includes Mr. F. M. Clark's farcical sketch, "Barnum's Baby Elephant," and the Irish comedy, Muldoon's Picnic," the latter being a production in which the company is particularly strong. Public Works The Minister of Public Works invites tenders for various contracts, particulars of which are given in our advertising columns. DEATH OF ANOTHER PIONEER - A Both- well correspondent, writing on the 12th June, says :-" Another of the early pioneers of this neighbourhood has passed from amongst us. To-day the remains of the late Mr. John Ibbott were consigned to the grave in the cemetery used jointly by Episcopalians and Presbyterians for the past half century. The regard in which the deceased was held was evidenced by the large attendance at the funeral, many coming from a distance to pay a last tribute to the memory of one whose exemplary life had made him universally respected emigrating from England to this colony at an early age with his father, he not long after settled on the property which became his future home, and where he expired on the 8th instant, having attained the allotted three score and ten years. He entered his 71st year in the month of March last. His illness was of short duration, and the sudden termination was unexpected, although he had shown signs of failing strength for some months. He leaves a widow and grown-up family of three sons and one daughter married to Mr. Magrath, of the post office, to mourn the loss of a kind and affectionate husband and indulgent father. Mr. Ibbott served as a magistrate of the Territory for the last 17 years, and was also a member of the Municipal Council for a number of years, an office which he recently expressed a desire to be relieved from at the next annual election, intending to retire in favour of some younger man. Inexorable death has, however, stepped in and relieved him of this and all earthly responsibilities." The Victorian Post Office Service. The Melbourne Telegraph reports that Mr. Graham Berry, the Postmaster-General of Victoria, states, with reference to recent reductions in the service, which have recently been a matter of newspaper comment, that the officers in the Post Office department who have been called upon to retire number 14, and not 19, as first stated. These officers are over 60 years of age, and their retirement from the Civil Service upon attaining that age is directed by sec. 39 of the Civil Service Act. From the day of entering the service these officers were well aware that upon reaching the age of 60 they might be called upon at any time to retire. The principle is enforced in every department of the Civil Service, and none of the officers who have been called upon to relinquish their offices have under the circumstances any reason to complain of insufficiency of notice. But the provisions of the 39th section have not been enforced in the Postal department during the past few years, and this accounts for the number of officers who retire on the present occasion. The efficiency of the department will in no way, Mr. Berry states, be impaired by these alterations, as it will admit of younger and more active officers obtaining the advancement they are entitled to, and have long waited for, while the only new appointments necessary will be those of lads under 16 years of age coming in at the bottom of the list and at the minimum rate of pay. So far from any increased expenditure being involved, an immediate saving of £2,000 per annum, Mr. Berry is informed, will be effected. The Civil Service Act declares that on an officer reaching 60 years of age he shall thereupon retire," but in order to meet exceptional cases it is provided that the Governor in Council may require any officer, notwithstanding his ago, to continue to perform his duties. A New Military Qualification The Melbourne Telegraph says that the O'Loghlen Government, in sending to England for a field officer to assume command of the Victorian military forces, attached a condition that the officer must be a married man, as in his position as commandant he would have certain social duties to discharge which could not be undertaken by a bachelor. This curious condition was discovered by Mr. Sargood, who consulted with the Cabinet, and it was decided that a telegram be despatched to the Agent-General, intimating that the condition referred to was' withdrawn. A Musical Veteran Writing of Mr. Henry Russell, the well-known composer,, and singer of his own songs 30 years ago, a London journal says :-" A "ghost of the East, Henry Russell, still walks London, low many people who heard him upwards of a quarter of a century ago singing ' A life on the ocean wave, and other of his own duties, would suppose he is yet alive ! But he is, and very much so, being one of the heartiest and jölHcst companions anywhere to be met with. What his age is no one is bold enough to guess. But as he sits at the piano and trolls forth some of his old songs, or as he walks the street with upright figure and sprightly step, no one would take him for more than 60 at the most. He retired from his profession at a moderately early age, having made a substantial fortune, which he invested with more success than Professional people usually do. Since then he has lived a happy and contented life, residing for a considerable portion of the year at Boulogne, and sometimes at Ramsgate He is now content to live in the growing fame of his son, Clark Russell, who has lived part of ' a life on the ocean wave to some purpose." The Harmless Necessary "Cat." A new regulation cat-o'-nine tails has (says the St. James' Gazette) been adopted by the Prison Commissioners, and has been sent to all the governors of the principal gaols in the country. It is intended for the special use of that interesting class of prisoners who are convicted of robberies with violence and sentenced to be flogged, and is not calculated to inflict anything like the severity of punishment inflicted by the old cat-o'-nine. tails hitherto in use. This statement, if correct, will be received with immense satisfaction in ruffianly circles, and be' viewed as a graceful act on the part of the authorities. It is to be hoped that the consideration thus displayed towards criminals who commit robberies with violence will read them also to exhibit some little forbearance when ill-treating their victims. A milder form of brutality than that at present in i fashion would be esteemed a boon by the unfortunate persons selected? as objects for I plunder by street robbers. -The new " cat" will, no doubt, at first be regarded by the murderous thief with a feeling of amuse- ment ; but it can hardly fail in the long run perhaps to exercise, a *' civilising influence by its very'bernileasness. The Zulu Kr>ov-^A'çorreipondent_oJTtho Daily Armies who~T>«a"Tatery seen Cetywayo in Zululand writes as follows :-" Cetywayo said he was grateful to the 1 English for letting him out of captivity, but very screw heart because his country had been so much cut up. He says it will lead to trouble and" complications before England he is quite right. The Zulu nation does not seem to understand why the English return Cetywayo and then divide Zululand and put it under so many rulers. They say, Why, Cetv-, wave is the Queen's son. To whom will the country, belong that is now being cut off?' The Zulus as a nation wish Cetywayo to rule over them. Of course there are, as in every country, a few who are dissatisfied, but they are in a very small minority. It is true that in many places the Zulus were frightened from meeting Cetywayo. Rumours were spread by unscrupulous rascals. One of them went as follows --' It is not Cetywayo whom the English are returning, but an image. Don't meet him, you Zulus, for it is a trap laid for you. The English want you to come in numbers, so that they may capture and send you to India, and sell your wives and children, and cattle, etc.' " The Board of Education advertise for applications from persons to act as teachers in several public schools named. Female attendants are required at the Hospital for the Insane. Mr. Stafford Bird, M.H.A., will address the electors of Franklin, at Geeves Town, on Friday evening;, June 22, and at Franklin on the following evening. A shooting match will take place at the Union Hotel, George's Bay, on Saturday, the 30th inst, for a sweepstake of 20 sovereigns (20 members at £1 and a fat cow. All interested in the formation of a band at Richmond are invited to attend a meeting to be held in the Library Room, Richmond, next Monday, at 8 p.m. CACTUS LeoTARD CHANGE his Spots? "-Why certainly ! If he will no Judson's Dyes, which five new lines to all materials. Judging Artists' Black I will put a new "trial" upon a rusty grate or fender. I Judson's Gold Paint this picture frames, cornices, I etc., like the setting sun on a cornfield. C'htniUU I Stationers, and Storekeepers' them n n . housewives buy them. , , , l' ,_..'"' a year ? ¡ .{¡I Jail. 