HE New Gospel, according to Mr. J. Z. T Sellar is the nationalization of the land ; that is to say briefly put—reversion to the government of a country for the benefit of all the people, in lieu of total alienation into freeholds for the benefit of the few. Mr. Sellar is a disciple of Mr. George, now well-known as the author of the work "{Progress and Poverty;" and under the influence of this Radical Gamaliel advances the view that it is better that the rents derivable from land should be paid to the •country rather than to individual owners. Of course, Mr. Sellar recognizes that this would involve confiscation of present holdings- and he proposes to deal with that part of the subject in another lecture. How he purposes to meet a difficulty which has been created by the law, and is, besides, the growth of custom, we cannot presume to say ; but we hope lie will be just enough to remember that though the acquisition of land is almost a mania with some men, yet they are not to be so much blamed as the ill-balancing laws by winch a country is governed, and under which irregularities and inequities are possible One great fault of tlxis scheme is this; if land was nationalized, and the rents paid to the country taxation would not be needed, and the Government would be deprived of the pleasure of bringing in taxation schemes which have not their own conscientious admiration or support. ORE than ten years ago, however, the M Hon. Mr. Bundey unsuccessfully brought forward his plan of perpetual leasing, which was a considerable step in the right direction, but did not, if we remember rightly, go so boldly into the question as to propose the re-acquisition by the government of tlie private estate of purchasers from the Crown. Of course in a Parliament constituted in the main of persons more or less possessors of freehold he did not meet with much sympathy. He was told politely that his notions were very good, very good indeed ; but that it was, alas! now too late to enter upon an entirely new land policy ; therefore his scheme—excellent in its purpose—was utterly Utopian BO faT as its application to the colony was concerned. Discouraged by the dense stupidity of some, by the interested opposition of others, and the crass obstinacy of the bulk of the remainder, Mi 1 . Bundey allowed himself to abandon his scheme; and nothing real lias been done for more than a decade in the direction of land reform, whilst wholesale alienation of the public estate has gone on with only one restriction—the limit of the eagerness and capacity to buy. So it is left to men like Mr. Sellars, and a few who are working with him in the field of reform, to put their little energies out in a direction where gigantic strength is needed. QO the London unemployed prefer staying {O at home to being deported to British possessions in dilierent quarters of the globe which to them are a terra incognita. Quite naturally, for " Be it ever so homely there's no place like home." But how shall the difficult problem bo solved in relation to over- crowded countries. Every day it is pressing more strontrly upon the attention of English statesmen, and every day the large landowners are slowly but surely reducing the power of the soil to support its population. There is guant absolute starvation staring thousands in the face every day of their lives, and. thousands of others hover the border-line between sufficiency of food and gnawing hunger. What's to be done. Is the only way out of the difficulty wresting people from the land of their birth and driving them into foreign parts Jthat they may have wherewith to sustain life? . . . Blunt believes with all his hear£ that the ricli and the noble will have something to answer for by and by. T!OLLO\V^NG in the wake of the breach J: of the'sacred integrity of Victoria Square, City, by continuing the street through it, there now comes a proposal for an easily foreseen attempt at further desecration. Something like a bogus letter was received by the City" Council on Wednesday, from representatives of the S. A. Jocky Club, asking that the Glenelg Railway Company should have permission to run trains through the Square, i\s a convenience to the patrons of the Club and to the public. The Civic Fathers were horrified ; they did not mind a legalized trespass on the national reserve themselves, but the idea of a railway company following suite! What astounding impudence! . . . We are told of a magnificent street that shall be the very finest but one. in all the colonies, and property has gone up in King William-street South in a manner^that has proved exceedingly pleasant to city land-jobbers; but we very much question if after all the best and wisest thing has been done, viewed in its relation to our future as a colony. TIT HAT will old-fashioned Anglican V\ Churchmen think of the signs of the times ? We read the telegraphed information that at a meeting of Church of England laity and clergy held at St. Paul's Church, Melbourne, a cordial farewell address to the Rev. Charles Strong was adopted, with strong expressions of sympathy from influential laymen unable to be present. Are " the middle walls of partition " about to be broken down, aud all regard and respect for orders, special consecrations, aud divine rights utterly ignored ? Why in these days the jolly " divine-right" Stewarts would have been uuable'to breathe for five minutes, the atmosphere is so saturated with liberal and levelling notions; and Bluiit verily believes that if the Ghost of the Merry Monarch could take a trip from Hades, lie would hurry back from such an unc >m.-;ly und ill-beseeming world with all the speed that a useless old roue could put on. WHERE seems to be a good deal of -L " religious persuasion " if not very much religiou at the Stockade, or as it is more politely termed—the Yatala Labor Prison^ Among 276 prisoners there are only three pagans, and one who was honest enough to say that he had no religion. Of the professors, on the face of affairs it looks uncommonly likely that they have scarcely enough. The classification returns — not anything to be proud of which ever way they may be looked at—show 1G2 claiming to belong to the Episcopalian church, 9 to the Presbyterians, 10 to the Lutherans, 11 to the Wesleyans, 4 to the Independents 4 to the Baptists, 12 to sundry Protestant denominations, and G2 to the llomau Catholic Church. We are sorry to have to acknowledge that religious "profession" does not always prevent a man from scoundrelism, nor does non-profession relieve of responsibility. W E feel in a sense bound to embody the following statement of Bishop Reynolds in a topic : it should make the heart of even a Plymouth Brother to wax glad and also sing. His Lordship was making a statement of the affairs of his episcopal charge:— During the period of ten years which I have held the olfiee I now fill I have spent the sum of .<5,774 of my own money on maintaining the diocese. This sum was in the correct sense of the "term absolutely my own property, and I now donate it to the diocese. I have taken nothing from the diocese but food and raiment, and I will not take one penny until the debt of the diocese is cleared off. Accepting your honest statement, Bishop Reynolds, Blunt anplauds your Christian self-sacrifice, and invites other denominational religionists to follow your example. A WORD about Bastards' New Show- Judging from the reports of the gathering to cek-brate the opening of the new City Baibs, the Messrs. Bastard will have good cause to cry " Save us from our friends for what was intended as a gratulatory demonstration, appeared to have been turned into one of an absolutely damnatory character. The late Mayor clearly indicated that he did not believe the proper kind of building had been erected, arid the present Mayor ruthlessly condemed the architecture, observiug that he could not see how the edifice "beautifeed" King William- street. Mn>.F»ller is right. A penny wise and pound foolish policy generally .results in these sickening fiascos. No one But' a lunatic would say tKat there was any beauty in the new baths, regarded front wise, rear wise, or side wise. Alderman Tomkinson also was dissatisfied, his aesthetic soul being pained by the distruction of his favorite Umbrella figtree, which he said enhanced the architectural beauty of the building, though how it could do this Heaven only knows! The unkindest cut of all however, came from the City Surveyor. On ' would have supposed that a man eating the® bread and butter of the City dignataries, and who in such case should not dare to call his soul his own, would desitate before expressing the fatal opinion that although the building would not disgrace the road, it would not add much to its beauty. We quite expect to find Mr. Langdon's place vacant at the next meeting of the city fathers. HE singularly uncomfortable atmosphere T which was diffused over the gathering by those left-handed compliments on the new structure, were sought to be dispelled by a gentleman who apparently aspires to be a wit, and who endeavored to establish some connection between the Turkish baths and the Press. The " loud smile" caused by this literary firework had hardly died away, when the " witticism " was crushed by a brother scribe announcing that his rag was coming out for a penny ! The humorous genius was "^struck all of a heap," but illustrated his smartness, if not his honesty, by stating in his'report of the gathering next day, that he capped this " crusher " by the remark, " That the 'User had been reduced to its proper market value." Unfortunately for him, thin, which would have bee:.: a happy returt, v.;is not heard by the compauy, and he rests under the suspicion of possessing a good deal of what is known as moral obliquity of vision. Enough of this, however. The city baths are now opened, and we hope that during the coming summer, which undoubtedly will be "a blazing hot " one, Messrs. Bastard will be patronised as they deserve to be. They are wo'rthy sons ot* one, who was a worthy citizen, aad to whom probably many South Australians owe their lives. '[THE Panama Ship Canal is to be finished 1 in 1888, says M. de Lesseps. When that date shall have arrived we may expect something like a revolution in the Australian shipping interest, and the change is much more likely than otherwise to be in favor of th;i col. nies. The Suez Canal can scarcely withstand all the influence of a cheapening competitor such as will be the Panama Canal, and as a result the charges whigh could be levied whilst the former was a pure nionoply must necessarily be greatly reduced. We think after all that M. de Lesseps is not alone the two ends of a bumptious domineering braggart, but that he is besides something very much better and infinitely more useful to the world. T HE example of the South Australian Legislature has been, as Mr. Coglin terms it—contiguous as well as contagious to our neighbors in the other colony. There in a fine hurry skurrying after sweeppromott rs, the police having been goaded by unce asing taunts oil the part of the Press into positive activity. The fining is fast and furious; but no doubt things will settle down q lietly again by and by, and the " 8weep" prove as courageous as ever. This is in the nature of things. T rnHE Hon. John Dunn has called the attenlion of the Government to the necessity of taking precautions against bush fires, in burning off dry grass on the sides of railways and public roads. It is so unusual to be wise before instead of after a catastrophe that the very singularity of the idea should arm it with effective significance. It will be seen from this that Mr. Dunn is not always only a silent or merely ornamental member of the Legislative Council, but that he keeps his prudential eyes open despite the common; impression that his sight is impaired,. $ . ; ^ ; ' j i K , • rpiN is now down to £92 per ton, and a some 1 person's pretendingto be fully informed i spy thp.t it wij) never see £100 again,, just fits copper wiU iiever see~£80 p er ton. "Never" is a long word in short two—syllable compass, and is sufficiently discouraging to us. Indeed, isn't it " just like our luck !'' now that we have plenty of copper discovered in the north, tin mines in galore, and the old Moonta and Wallaroo better then ever they were ! If things go on in this style, Blunt opines we shall yet have to fall back upon gold- mining, and deal with that industry honestly and fairly—a thing never don© hitherto. PECULATION is rife in Port Adelaide S as to the meaning of large posters containing the word " Picauninies." Some suggest expected arrivals, others a juvenile Chiisty entertainment, others—well perhaps we had better wait and see what it does A WRITER to one of the dailies urges that the authorities will give special attention to the bsach to-day, that broken bottles may not be left as a heritage of possible evil. The suggestion is a timely one, and every visitor should be bound to supplement the care of the authorities in this matter. T is the opinion of the Rev. Charles Strong I that among all the great men who have gone before him none has left behind him a sweeter or a purer influence on the nation and the church than Dean Stanley ; that he had a noble mission ; and that liis labor is not unworthy to be ranked with that of the great men of our day. We would sooner have this from Mr. Strong than any man we know. In all religious controversies in whi'ch ho was engaged the Dean could always be relied upon to take one side—the side of catholicity, generosity and wide charity—no matter what opposition might arise; and his meaning was always couched in such winsome language, and his love of what was true and good and always so transparent that his opponent was disarmed. 